The power of art!


Absolutely not.


I’m going to look at her and give her a Healing Word, just a level 1 Healing Word.


Okay. And that's the thing that woke up the skitterers?


Okay, but the library is a thing that we can do before we leave this city?


Is this what he goes through every time?


Yes, and it was specific when we were on really important missions and stuff.


Are you convincing yourself or are you--


It's so true. Yeah, let's leave while we're on a high note.


Individuals? Yeah.


I reach into the satchel on the side.


Continuing in Celestial.


If you have 11 minutes to spare, yes I can.


That's my name.


I think that if I saw lots of random nines around the city I don't think I'd know what that was connected to.


You're not going to get that, are you?


I don't know. I'm really strong these days.


I can actually have everybody killed in their sleep. This is actually one of the perks of sleeping here. I don't even have to do it myself. I come out and I'm -


Okay. I'm going to shoot him two times through my Blazing Bowstring, which I still have one left of.


Save it for a shot.


It's been a hard day.


I do, but I want to save it.


Would anyone else like a sip? Keyleth?


At least we think we're cool.


Potatoes, turnips, carrots. Roots.


What if you could build a seat, and then I can sit on it instead of trying to sit on this tiny little stick?


For everyone, or each.


I should definitely go into Lord Sutan's place, because I have this really fun spell that lets me find things. So I could find the seal.


Getting a good reputation does not mean holding prison cells.


I do like these people a lot.


Eating food.


Are there spells designed to mask you?


You can attack him with your sword.


It doesn't mean you're always right.


Is that the top or the bottom?


Yeah, fuck it. It's worth it, though. 13 points of damage and five psychic.


I'm trying to work on learning more Dwarvish. Okay.


We love you.


I stand. Put on the gauntlets.


His boning makes thunder.


'Cause they got the drop on us


What did you do?


He's not using it.


You guys know he's a fiend, right?


Damn it. I'll be right back. I go get two bottles.


Does that reach the creature?


(gasps) Bryce?


I don't know. What's your name?


None of that shit.


In the safe, maybe.


Us two?


(laughter) Hey! Oh god.


We're going to die.


I like that, that's really good.


Well, he's here now, so Fire Plane's probably safer!


This floor, upstairs or downstairs.


Because she cast enhance dexterity.


I noticed the dragon.


So what do you think?


Be beautiful! Be good!


Two. One.


What about the doors? Are there handles?


Wait, this is against charisma?


And cows.


Let's sleep and meet with Kima in the morning.


Yeah. We could always go back to Vasselheim and pick up on that little drinking.


You do not touch that dice anymore.


Available where you can find all babies.


I want to see if I can Tree Stride through him--


We don't actually have it with us, we'd have to go downstairs.


No, those things were speedy. Be normal.


Oh no. Yeah?


Predator vision.


I want to go underground and tunnel towards--


That son of a bitch! That thieving bastard?


I don't think he wants company tonight.


They're empty, man. That is a 15.


Really? Every tool has its place.


Question. Did we give the chain attached to Fassbender to one of the goliaths?


Yeah, that's probably Wodenna.


Lovely. Get off this boat. And I'll fly over and try to help out the fight on the other side.


Think the secret package is a person. Think there's a person, think he's the secret package because he's on this ledger and it's different handwriting. Anyway, let's go find the person.


No tape?!


Bloodvine ale?


Oh my god. Just keep this going.


Well, on that chipper little side note, I think we should turn in for the evening.


Yeah, that's the humidity. I walk over to Avantika and say: Might I ask, you said your men are dedicated to this cause as well. How much do you share with them?


Do I have advantage? Well, I might have advantage also. I'm in the Silence spell also. Not that I need it, though.


We cannot be held responsible for anything that may happen to someone who is ill or infirm. It is such an exciting, impressive show.


I am super far. Okay. Did my friend get my signal?


You also might hear me try to heal you a couple times.


Don't act like I'm a dick. I'm not stealing the letters. I'm putting the shirts back, all right?


I don't think we have that. Do we want to do a little--


I'm going to try something. First of all, does the construct of this at all remind me of anything?


We're representatives of a foreign government.


What holds it there? It's a shame we can't open a giant door and push it down here.


Oh no, Grog!


Yeah, I forget. Sorry, it's a brand new spell.


You keep putting him in the mix.


You feel a doodie? The privy is over there! Or over there! Or the front yard beckons.


Keep your pants on!


Fjord, can the boat just be adrift if a couple of us stay up in shifts to make sure that there are no enemies?


Are there other perches?


How do I want to do this? (laughter)


So the box is full of loot?


No, you won't!


I'm so sorry, everybody.


This feels weird to play.


There is?


I love being out here without my brother. I just love it.


Well, I had Gilmore help me out with a little something for if and when I completed the Aramente, as a thank you, so I got them from him before we left-- granted, in hindsight, I'm never holding onto presents ever again, 'cause we could all just die any day. But!


Mostly undead?


I think we could have gotten out of there with at least the hintings of an alliance, as opposed to just--


Vedmeyer is a goliath?


Keyleth, shouldn't you hide in the mansion?


I just say it, I don't know what it means. 30.


Did not think about what to do once we got into this part of the plan.


Talk to him, for--


What was the total on that, Matt?


I walk up--


I think it's awesome. I'm like, I want to fight back. But not-- it's play for me, now.


Whitestone's the Boulder.


Jester, could you give me a heal a little bit? I took a little bit of a beating.


Thorbir sighs heavily and is annoyed.


Going to get cut.


Okay. Well, if we are still alive in an hour, there will be time for this later. I leave it. Listen, you're not going to see me for a while, but I will be with you.


Rolled a 13.


Yeah, take all the hidden goodies inside. It's a piñata.


Oh my god, is that your die that you got?


One dragon attacking it and it's down.


Do I have to touch it or just look at it?


Next room's yours.


I got two. I remember it. It was two vials of holy oil. I gave one to my sister, and I have the other. If you think it will help, you take it.


Yes, quite.


But maybe that etherealness thing, and now I can literally come up and drag you down.


Let's take the whole fucking tree!


Right, and she will assume the Dodge whatever in case they throw fire or something at her.


Sorry, I just spit all over you. I'm sorry.


That's my plan.


But she saw you guys.


At advantage. That's cocked. That natural 19's not bad, though.


Yasha runs over to Nott and with the--


Oh, hi guys.


If I roll a six. A six or lower. It--


Yeah, we have to.


Oh. Hello. What a lovely dinner we had-- Lightning! (laughter)


So many choices.


Anyway!


This bird's going to die.


27 damage.


Bring paint! Season three of Painters Guild, only on Alpha. (whimsical music)


Of course we'd agree with such sentiments as well.


They both hit. They're both high.


And he's in that Faerie Fire, right?


I snuff. The second.


We should get inside, anyways.


What would a kraken be?


They're not coming? Oh. Well, I just Dimension Door across, then.


This is good, this can blast an enemy with a bit of arcane oomph.


I'm not here. Oh, let's find out.


All right fire shot for 19.


18 points of damage, and, you know, let's just burn a little bit of electricity too, just to hurt him as well.


That's all right, 20.


I could.


Until I rest.


He gets no pluses.


I say, Bad guys kidnapping kids, right? That's scary stuff. Trying to protect your son?


I'm starting to take a nap against a column standing up.


It's adorable.


Is your bangy thing okay? Is it your sister?


He has to be telling the truth.


And during that whole exchange, I've been changing cloaks and putting on the red one. Great.


On the way-- because I got a pretty good amount of sleep during that fight-- can I ask Caleb, before he goes to sleep: Hey, Caleb!


Smells like flies.


Yeah, but I'm not using the axe or the hammer, I'm using the sword.


I guess we didn't find them. She just came along. TRAVIS Yeah. I mean, the hunt was on. Yep. You just got to kind of react at that point.


Is this where we go for the diamonds, too?


I'm going to lay in a couple shots inside. Two more shots inside with Hex attack.


Are the other two not doing anything, by the way?


Yeah we'll be taking all of that.


They did something in the mine that awoke it. And we can redo it.


Careful. That's made of glass, darling.


My body? What are you t-- you sound like me, you're stammering and babbling like I was!


I need to know a tree that's there. I could Scry, look for the closest tree, teleport us there, but by the time I'm getting there, I'm exhausted.


This is very important, but...


"Well, time is of the essence, he could have something useful. It seems like a coin flip."


He's so cuddly!


(high-pitched) Not there! (laughter)


Well it's eight cubic square feet.


Yeah, it's just a hole in the wall.


Can he write in Infernal?


Investigation. 21.


Got that slick stuff on you? Crisco oil?


That's right, you've got that goddamn thing. Give me the stone.


Speaking as a man who has also had a romantic interest in ladies before-- are there any romantic messages you'd like me to pass on for you to anyone in this town? Or others.


All right. New d20.


Did you hear that, Pike?


And we all fall out.


Yeah, he's beat up pretty bad, you might not want to--


You might need to go the bathroom, check it out.


Until there's something to hit.


No, I want to use Shapechange.


And I'm going to-- yeah, that's what I'm going to do.


There's weird parents that do things.


No, that would have passed by now because it's past midday, right?


-- and it was really fun. I had a good lunch.


Just strings of-- You pull it up and you got to wrap it up in the string and toss it.


To get an imprint of it.


Yeah. Back to the keep.


Gently pull it out of his run. So I'm going pull it--


That's the Gentleman also.


Where is Fjord going? Make Fjord go by the gate, maybe. Back a bit. Then Beau is going to take out those ball bearings.


Smash into their boat?


He's going to save his daughter one last time, we're going to put him back up for one day. We're going to wait for the dragon to pass, and then he will be buried on his land properly with stone and dirt.


VM Accounting.


He still takes 16 points of damage and two points of psychic damage.


Yep. Been there, done that.


How far can I get?


I have two basic potions. I de-cork both of them and shove them in their gullets.


Grog, he took advantage of you before--


We are weary travelers from Emon, and we have come to seek assistance with the security of our home.


Percy, I saw that. You have to buy me a whole other drink.


Do I already see those guys?


Everybody hears (nervous laughter).


Right. So, I hit twice. I would like to know its constitution saving throw and if it has any damage... not resistances, but the opposite of that.


Do they cut themselves like you?


Oh, great. So I get hit points equal to d10 plus my fighter level.


Yeah, I was almost like  Captain?


You probably do, but you just don't remember them.


Are we staying in this?


I hope they don't kill Marius.


It's okay, Keyleth.


You don't smell as bad.


So a tunnel going forward.


This is really nice!


Why can't we stop by now? They're right here, we might as well pop in. We'll forget if we don't do it now. I know us. It'll be three months before we come back, and then we'll be like, by the way--


We're in single digits, kids!


I was slow and stupid. I shouldn't have gone at all. I couldn't keep up with them. By the time I got to them, they were corpses.


Wait, are we all doing that together?


You heard right.


That is a great name.


Who cares.


All right, well, in the darkness, you hear There is something of an arcane nature in the middle of those rocks that were ahead of us. What do you want to do? Do you want to go scrabbling in the dirt or do you want to keep going forward? It could be something beneficial or it could be terrible.


Don't you listen to her.


Tap the mirror.


The Magician's Judge. You can choose to cast Dispel Magic against the target as part of the attack.


Anime bathhouses.


If we damage it, this spell that I've been talking to him with goes (poof).


How is your hangover? Whatever team your on, I'm not sure I play for that one. It's Team "fuck off," I'm well aware. How are your hangovers normally?


The bees are true.


Yeah, I was going to say we do have cover here, right?


Twiggy forever!


Do you have any tips? Any notes for me? Any thoughts to improve my warfare skills? Should I move more? Should I think of cool one-liners to yell out as I hit my enemies?


No, I've got three-- four 3rd-level spots, I think. Four, because of my pearl. So I'm going to send another one: Sorry, I got cut off earlier. Anyway, what I was saying is that we are leaving Zadash, and we're on our way out, over the hills, and we're going to go to probably--


I didn't really think it through, I hadn't really-- I thought it would be easier to figure out.


I can take a bonus attack though, and I'm going to hit it again.


So 20 on the first one.


They know we're here now because now his body's missing.


I will attack The RZA. Not good, 16. Oh, no-- yeah, 16.


If you want to, you can ask it what it wants, and then you'll know, or you can give it to me and we can be done with this.


RealLifeRosie.


Yeah, that's not good.


By the Briarwoods. They were going to awaken him, but then he died.


I'm sorry. Percival. I go over to Percival and I give him a hug.


One?


Get the fuck out of here.


No. Do we know anything about underwater creatures that would be interested in, I don't know--


Yes, there is one!


Yeah, remember the guy who saved us at the first Winter's Crest festival?


Devil's advocate  maybe not. I don't know, maybe--


It's okay, they're all d1s.


Yeah, this is the second fight.


Did you not get that?


No one's gotten attached to him yet, right?


Through what?


Captain, I admit, I too am very encouraged to find someone that seems to have gone through the same sort of visions and trials that I have. You said it's been a long time since you've met another chosen. Are you saying you've met previous? I found myself feeling I was the only one that was experiencing this vision.


Let's burn it.


That shit is rank.


In the middle of fucking Whitestone?


16-bit.


I have one further request on our end. Can you send us backward in time?


Can I assist Grog in finding if our footsteps were the last ones out?


If it's really bad, you can roll again!


Jerry! Jerry!


I love the malice radiating this way, and the absolute lack of recognition.


I feel like it would be the sort of thing that would have just existed for fuck all ever.


I think we should all leave.


It looks like they're human.


Fucking Zeenoth, am I right?


So I am going to send Trinket. Where is he?


Trickshot on sharpshooter. I'm doing a combo. 23 to hit.


I gave you a lot to think about, didn't I? Sorry. (laughs)


All right. Ten.


All the time.


I run past all of them and just jump into the water, not gracefully like before and start swimming.


(singing) Take a look...


Where is it? It's a check, not a saving throw.


The firearm has to be enclosed, not you.


I have a 17 armor class.


Yeah, you fucked up.


Does 32 hit?


So, I went to Vasselheim, and I defended my title in the Crucible.


We go looking for Irena. I think she did it.


Right there, right in front of him. Now can I see the brain fucker?


Hold on. Here, there's the dodecahedron.


Were you saying the Curse of the Islands?


Leader boy?


No, no, it's my job.


(laughs) I would like to use all three of my attacks against his backside, reckless.


Well. I'm tired now. I said earlier I wasn't tired, but I do get tired.


Who needs more than one? Three, okay.


I know. I actually, also, I rolled the wrong die, he didn't take nearly what, that's okay, so here.


They used cover really well. We should try and hide ourselves better.


You know, I had that as Keyleth at later levels; I never fucking used it.


Damn shame.


Okay, stealth checks.


Can your owl see if there's a big human man, fighter-looking guy?


Matt is so good! You played us! Every time! We're so stupid! He was rolling every time-- "Oh, he missed again! Oh! Wow, this guy can't roll real good, can he?"


That's why you always have a little sweat right there.


Oh, by one!


Because he's with Grog.


They are still across there, aren't they?


No. Never.


Oh, that's right. Okay. Still reckless.


Don't say that. He'll do it! You know that's what happens!


I release Trinket from my crystal necklace.


(chanting) Level two.


All right. I'll step forward and I will-- is Vax or Vex near me? Vex is near me, right?


Wait, do we have to do it outside?


I'll come up with you, though.


I'm thinking about it real hard.


Am I in his chest again?


I legitimately do not know how it works. Sorry.


We also need to find where Lord Sutan lives.


All right. Did you ever read any horror stories as a kid or did you and your friends tell horror stories? Spooky things?


I feel like that was the most fun that we've had in a while.


Sometimes I really hate this old-world shit.


When do they ever contribute, really?


Hunch.


I'm good at figuring things out. I'm clever.


I'm holding him up like a seashell.


Like a ramp.


That took months.


Drawing a blade just in case.


I said I was sorry, I really--


A lot, but they die quick.


I'm trying to think which way I want to go with this.


Oh, I'll go back, then. Should I? Or is it okay because we're all together?


14 and 15, so 25 for the first one.


So perhaps we should inquire if you think this-- Raishan?


You're casting? With bait?


You're right. This is so much more exciting when you bet.


Good job, gnome nuts.


Once, you blessed Whitestone.


Much sentimental value--


(whispers) Quietly!


Except there won't be one.


We came to see the Ruby of the Sea perform tonight, ha!


It rolled a natural one again! Laura, put it in jail.


I do not think that is wise.


All right! All right! Let's do it! So I have to roll medicine?


You hear a whisper from the coffee mug saying, "I own you." (all laugh)


Oh Jesus, I thought it was a one at first.


Well. You always remember your first.


They look like a troll took a shit in them.


Oh, we should avoid that shit!


20 is sensible. One is ridiculous.


I look around. Is there a door on the roof?


Yeah, and I'll Thunderwave them both. Oh no, and I hit Trinket. (laughter)


Yeah, and Sarenrae will know if you drink it before I get back, so just hold onto it for me.


That's all you can think about?


Of those 6 or 7 that I saw, I will take the one that looks the most familiar to me from my memory.


A sexy amount of facial hair, you beast! Be glad there's a table between you and I. (all laugh)


I do know Sam got Purpleheart. Since he's not here, we can show it.


Sometimes if you scroll through and find a listing for mom?


Look at his eyes!


Blight's nasty.


I go up to it!


Because I rolled a one first!


Remain inconspicuous, you mean in the open, not hidden by the illusion of the cart?


Do you usually yell when you clean?


And now you can look however you think you should look! (laughter)


How did this plan happen, then?


It sounds awful.


I don't crit on a 19.


Rather than have any foolish soul wander upon it, we're going do with this thing, like you say, we're going to take this thing out.


There's 20 faces on this. So. I mean, look right? It can happen. I know that it's possible. I've done it in my life.


This reminds me of times when I was a kid and kids would-- are they making fun of me?


Make an explosive arrow. I'm just in a mood.


Silberquel Ridge?


Yes, but you forget that all these planes cross over. We have fought many a demon.


Wait, I think I can help. I'm going to cast Modify Memory on Percy.


We're deciding how far. So 200 yards.


Aw, shit. I mean, Cure Wounds? No, that's not going to do anything.


I might need some extra help because I only got a ten.


It sounded nice, though.


Ahh, there's the card, there's the card.


18 plus seven.


Do you guys want to flank? I think we can flank. Looks like there's an entrance on either side.


(laughs) That was the best.


You had another one?


He can't do anything.


He's hurting, but he's not dead.


Yeah, I know. Which is what we were technically supposed to do.


Sure. And you know what, I apologize for putting you in my clothes, but the Scanlan that we know would've thought that was funny. I'm sorry I didn't know your mother, but I imagine you don't know my mother's name.


I do not know this word "holy," but I have abilities, which I might like to share with you.


I throw it. But I throw it high.


No, but I must leave. I must leave this place right now. Immediately. I drop a shroud of illusion over myself again, become the maidservant.


About 24 hours longer than you have.


Yeah, and we already signed one contract with him.


Yeah, a weakling.


Okay. See these squiggles here? This is either just supplies, or maybe they are trying to make booby traps for their island. I don't know.


You gave them to me. You very nicely gave them to me.


Yeah, let's go for a walk.


But it looks pretty.


You go all static channel on us, we might be in deep shit.


I'm still fucking asleep is the problem.


Counterspell just fizzles his shit.


You're a terrible person! That is the worst thing I've heard yet.


Before we go down or as these guys go down, can I take a lap and look at the bodies on the outside and see if I recognize any of them?


I'm going to grab a potion from-- I was about to say, I know I have one, but everything got fucked. We restocked right before we went. I'm going to feed her a potion for my move.


Fuck. I'll hold.


If I do it for up to eight hours, I enrich the land over half a mile radius, centered on a single point, and the land becomes enriched for a solid year.


I pull Scanlan over to the side. Have you always been able to do this? Have you been holding out on us, man?


Can I use my action to just cast Mage Hand?


I mean, maybe, but I feel like we wait for the big moment, and then see what's going on in his head.


She can earth shape. She'll be fine.


She can cure us of poison.


It would only carry you.


We have to make that shirt!


Yeah. Like choreography. That's what we're talking about here.


I could hear everything that's going on because it's down the tree.


So drunk, this guy!


Yeah, and I watch the house from across the street.


Come here, I promise--


26, plus 12 more. 38 damage.


It might be smart to not have him join us.


The thick, single-slab bacon.


Okay, let's like, I'm going to gently--


Are we trying to do a covered wagon?


Yeah, and good things come from shit, right? Like flowers?


Oh, it went closet to music room?


The final piece that I noticed?


Unless they're grumpy because they don't have enough. Because if you're hungry, you get very angry.


You've got a handaxe.


Sure. Maybe I can, can I grab it out of his hand?


The bottom line is, all of this insanity is going to bubble up to the surface if someone doesn't stop it.


It's a good side quest for the future someday.


Yeah. Run us through it, Encyclopedia Britannica. Give it to us.


Tor Books!


Yeah, check for traps first, okay?


Knowing all that, you showed a lot of bravery tonight.


And try and relax?


Yeah, you haven't raged yet.


Can I sense Keyleth at all? I can't see her, right?


First stealth check. Where's my stealth? Seven.


-- check out what the camp is?


I do. I know that part. And we head back to the group.


Oh. Well, I said I wanted to go back and look.


I would have told you before we left, you know.


Some more? Okay. We can see if they need anyone for hire, go and have a... (tearing up again) being strong.


Well, how--


I do, I like him already. He's instantly likable.


Spectacular, spectacular.


(French accent) Well, put her-- ugh-- I'm so sorry, sir. I must go deal with this. I don't want to make you wait here. You are clearly a man of respect.


Fjord, if I may. I'm sorry, Captain Tusktooth, if I may, when we find this Uk'otoa--


Percival, I know what you've been through, to an extent.


It does 40 points?!


Okay, I'm gonna move right there into the room as far as I can.


What is happening?! We are alive at the best moment in history. Right now, there's a stadium full of people basically watching this live on the internet, and going, "How did Ashley let him wear that?" (laughter)


I'm going to tinker for a moment on my glove with that thing I talked about.


Oh, that's good, that's a 16. 18 total.


We're still in Elysium.


Well, there's nothing to do but to climb back up the chain!


Pop, pop. Okay, so first attack. 15?


Maybe you should think it first, think it through first.


I would like to read her as well.


Yeah, and we said that we'd give him the book, so I'm a little confused.


Thank you Marvel Puzzle Quest!


It was 15, but 12.


How am I not dead, then, if I died--?


Trained in it.


You sound different. Why are you using weird words?


Commune.


If he's still around when she's done, I would have done my same single--


I did all the math. (clears throat) Vax weighs 155, Pike weighs 75. Taliesin weighs 190, Vex weighs 120.


He got his $50,000 worth.


Fjord! Are you lying?


We're going to hit the bars tonight.


Because I had advantage on mine.


The water is now crystal clear, by the way.


Not microscopic but tiny. I can't be tiny?


We're going to need a beagle to lead the charge. I'm assuming that's you?


I'll stay in your room, Grog.


This is never going to be good.


Gilmore and Pike. Allura.


Yeah. We need--


Dire wolf blood all over my feet didn't stimulate the growth at all?


So 20, 25.


Maybe she goes into another dimension or something.


One of the other students.


No, it's attached to me. It is attached.


No that is not at all, no, no. We joined their meeting, right? We did not join them, we didn't participate--


Yeah, yeah, paints a picture.


Yep! Third nip, third eye. You're good.


I would like to then reach forward, as he's reeling back from that hit, with both of my thumbs and throw them towards his eyes.


Yeah, do it, do it!


Are you inviting us on your show?


Right up the butt.


If you've got a kit for something like that. Also, I was thinking about maybe putting some canvas on top of it, giving it a little bit of safety from the elements. I think I'm going to need at least four tents. I've recently come into a bunch of new companions and they really didn't have what's necessary to make our way through these wonderful, wonderful roads.


It's a 20-foot bomb in all that section I can't see.


See you guys in--


Do these Vestiges help you control the dragons? Do you become their leader if you find them?


Are you asking about your hiding?


I believe I still have Witch Bolt going. Now, my question is, because Witch Bolt is a concentration, I still have a cantrip of Eldritch Blast, which is not a concentration. May I use Witch Bolt, just the single--


I have an Ioun Stone.


It'll be two weeks, at least, before I do anything--


I said Vax.


Yeah, your headbands are lame, but I want them.


We don't want to fall.


Yeah, it's Puzzle Quest's ten-year anniversary.


Should we go up for the meeting and then come back down?


This is a vacation spot. What's that water park nearby?


Hey, Doty.


Yes, while you were sleeping in the middle of the night, duergar walked-- I assume--


But now I burn through more to use my swords.


(sighs) You piece of shit.


Oh, ten, sorry, ten, ten.


Or it could've been the spell book that answered all your problems.


I don't want to wake you up.


Yes that would probably be a good idea.


And see through the arrow. Okay. What do I do?


Because everyone needs a montage.


It was very rewarding.


Oh! I rolled a nine, plus two, plus two.


I do also have one regular, just a regular longsword. About the best I have.


Chunks?


Just research?


No, it takes a--


Here is what I think  We have a bit of a bottleneck here at this trapdoor. If they want to come up they have to deal with us, ja?


There's also an egg sac that got taken care of.


Old punchy man? You don't want to come with?


Yeah, because if it was AC, it would be just enough. But--


Yep. Does it have some trap doors on the side of the--?


I am in the mountains.


Is she really royalty?


I'm holding my dying friend, next to my dying sister.


(sighs) Oh my god. I legitimately don't remember.


That hits. I'll use uncanny dodge to reduce it to half.


That's seven points, plus three radiant.


No, let’s get out of here.


So, Bad News--


Right in the blubber.


How do you feel about it, Yasha?


You're next to the big white thing.


A bit of Fuse?


Act like you belong here. Act tough and cool.


They're sucking the life force out of the earth.


Gently.


We will mourn her. Tschuss.


The sound of fish slapping against each other. (laughter)


Fuck. "I nearly spilled my Natty Lite all over my Emmitt Smith commemorative Snuggie."


You know, it's not as difficult to rally a society of people against another. It's not too hard to start a war if you really want to.


They were just hunting.


If they make this, it's bad news.


Right in that sciatic nerve! Right in there.


Yeah, go change.


Yeah, about there.


And then I'm going to attack him with the sky sentinel bow.


You all had better be making damn good use of this time!


It wasn't terrible.


I'm a little nauseous.


Sorry, guys. Can't save you.


A d10. this one? Wait, that's yours; why am I doing yours?


This doesn't terrify me.


Here I come, ol' wrinkly-nuts.


I'm going to burn an action surge and take three more shots. And I'll roll 3d20. Actually, hold on. No, it wouldn't matter. 22, yeah it doesn't actually hit. So here we go. Taking three shots. Oh my god! So this is great. I take three more shots. First one is 29, so that hits.


I feel alive-- of what? Of the room?


Do you have crayons?


We had to tell them eventually.


I know, I'm going to start to--


No, I don't know who this is. I don't-- I'm not familiar. I'm not familiar with who this is.


He is so good at it.


Yeah, if anything, we should be looking at this guy. Why are we putting our neck out for you?


Here are the d8s, right?


This is going to be easy.


--my furthest fellow? Oh, I'm 60 feet, okay. And I sing my counter-charm song. ♫ Magic magic, go away, come again another day ♫ So all of us have advantage on saving throws for the charming spells. If they are charming us. I don't know if they are.


Yeah. So here's the thing.


She's spit-balling here, it doesn't have to be that.


I'm with you now?


Perhaps shopping is not the best path.


How do you think Tary's doing?


Kick it in the ball!


I was looking at my calculator.


Is Keyleth still covered in goop?


That's a very good question. I would say Aldor, but he will not talk to me.


What about one on each?


Does it get stuck with the dent?


I turn around and I'm still pushing.


I would've told them.


So we're going right into her vagina.


Yeah! Well, we'll lay low. Should we pretend that we're still friends with these people?


That was decided by me, thank you.


Okay. I may have the chill cloak flipped, to try and be a little less conspicuous rolling around, for what it's worth.


Keyleth! Language.


You know what, I'm grateful that we're not--


The Big O thing. The plan against the Big O.


It's fine with me. You guys fine with that?


It was years ago!


12 feet.


We need to do something about him.


Hupperdook!


Clarota, do you know how we could possibly break this prison?


You're the first one I've seen in the city so far. That's pretty crazy. This is nice. Is this yours?


Those kids, some of my kids, my daughter had some of the pie.


Oh wait, where's our dynamite? Didn't we have dynamite? I mean, boom sticks?


Thanks, Gil! Gil's on our side!


Well, we should get some cabanas. (gasping)


No, it's great! You didn't die, you weren't kidnapped, your soul wasn't taken, you weren't--


Yes, it is a plan!


Oh god, I got to think about this. I think you pulled the moon again.


Get some ouchies in there.


Would you have the abilities to burn these things up the way we did? Are you capable? Could you have killed these things? Is that believable for people who know you?


He's cool, right?


Back in Alfield.


Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom food.


I always love a ruin.


I'm meditating.


I'm taking a bit of fleece and doing some hand symbols and casting Silent Image.


Maybe one more. Or two more.


I don't drink.


Oh my god, Grog, he will never see through that! That's brilliant.


I told him to protect us! He's my protector. He does what needs to be done to protect me.


Oh shit. Okay. I turn to Nott. I go--


Yeah, uncanny dodge.


Yeah, that is my vocal cords being covered in dirt.


This is all seconds, this is happening in seconds.


I'm going to shoot at the dude in red in front of me.


All right, yeah. I'm going to move around that table and get by Scanlan. Stand right next to him.


We going to help every single person we see along this road?


It does appear to be trapped?


I do a potato sack hold on Scanlan. Make sure he's all right.


Lame on the second roll.


Okay, that'd be good.


If he picks the diamond up off of the--


Ah! Okay, yeah, that works.


I still feel like if we are a crowd of slaves at a door--


Noooo!


So we're picking one, rather. Polymorphing Trinket--


It's just gone?


(laughs) So good.


I am going to draw and fire at one.


I'll scry on the rest of them tomorrow.


Can we do it just us at home?


He's bad at it most of the time.


I-- There's nothing wrong with that.


And when we last left things, there was one plan to go into the tunnels of the thieves' guild and try to see if there's any more--


If I have them make chicken, they'll tell her, and I'll get in trouble.


A wisdom save.


I send Frumpkin screeching away from us, up the street, clattering into anything.


Right? 11 points of damage?


See you in five minutes.


Okay. Can we see people running towards us?


We can make the brig comfortable.


A note.


I step back with the bone.


Actually, wait a minute. Hold on a sec. My water sphere is still there, isn't it? I'm going to take it and push it along our way as well, in front of her who's swinging it as well.


We got away with it, right? Did we get caught? Did we get caught, Tary?


That's an epic poem right there.


Don't have time!


All right. We collectively are Dr. Frankenstein.


No, we're destroying one of their relics.


Yes, that's the plan.


Does that help?


I think you can take everyone except for me and Percy, right?


7 damage.


Can I look down into the hatch where he came from? Can I see anything?


Why the gnome hate?


Jesus H. Macy. Seven points of necrotic damage.


Maybe there's a clue in here.


It's a cantrip.


Can I insight check him, see what he's hiding?


Well, something that's not like, "Hey, look, we're here, we've got lightning!" Something--


15 for Vax.


Scanlan at Sunset, coming soon.


I didn't think it was published yet.


Does it have writing on the cover?


Plus, we had them send word to Uriel, remember? We had them send a letter to Uriel, explaining all the wonderful things we did. Yes, I talked to him.


He's the one in the big-- no.


Don't be dark and creepy and make it sound like you're being nice. I know you're being dark and creepy right now.


Ah, what is this?


It may help.


I'm agreeing with the women because I want to live to see the morning.


Yasha?


Air-in-es.


Well, some good stuff.


So we're going to go see Tooma, or we're going to chop down some fucking trees?


How about 24 hours from now?


I can make it look like a--


I have to rest so I can-- I'm gonna read up on this Daylight spell, so that you and me can both cast it. ASHLEY Yeah, we'll just take a nap and just get, you know, rest our muscles, and get ready for the fight.


Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. Catch a druid by the toe. If she hollers, let her go, eenie, meenie, miney--


It's an interview.


If we stop at any bars along the way (whispering) whisper campaign.


Wait, can we just leave the thing here with the golem?


(laughing) Don't care.


So how do you say, 'Do you speak Common?'


I pull out-- Well it depends, do you have a hand axe that I could buy?


So this is now or never.


Do they look nervous or are they just being shifty?


I'm lying in bed. Black satin sheets. Oh, I forgot you were coming!


All right. We'll do that.


Just a finger dab?


Galdrick!


What was it, 76?


Before I go to sleep, I'm going to use my little folded papers and make little pamphlets to the Traveler. So it's going to be like, "Have you heard of our lord and savior, the Traveler?"


I want to see how much I'm giving up here. Haste will let you double your speed, you'll be able to do one more thing when you're doing things. Scanlan showed me some sort of potion.


Nope, this is it. Nine dollars.


Towards where she was pointing the lodestone.


"for the Captain."


Who's laughing now, bitches? Dead body!


Pike, I, Scanlan, will not physically wait for you, but emotionally-- (laughter)


I feel like at break time last time, it came off.


But we are so going to loot that.


You've got wings?


Okay. That is 3d8, I guess. 14 plus five. What's 14 plus five? 19.


We're going to send them a letter.


You have to ask the creature to perform a service in exchange for payment.


He’s doing math.


You're not allowed in that room. (laughs)


Interesting choice.


I see a lot of interesting things.


I'll go behind Yasha.


Maybe you're cursed.


It does, yeah, it does. But I'm going to stay. I don't want to do that, I want to stay and tank.


So now we see that happening?


It's a bonus action to pull it out, but I don't have one.


Yeah, but it's vibrating.


That was just for the first attack. I rolled twice for disadvantage. So that's the blazing bowstring.


Okay, so I'm going to get up, and then, I think, probably, it's time to do--


That's a one. Yep.


There's only one left!


Tary Jumbo.


Is there a part of the kraken I can see that looks like I can do damage to it without hurting the main-- what is that, the thorax? (laughs)


It's a big jump but we can do it. It's not too big.


Hey, Jester. That was you who said something when you were talking to the Xhorhasian assassin about babies not being born, or something like that?


Breaking in the new year!


How many of them are there?


Another boots of haste! For sure!


It had no terroir.


This sucks.


Oh, look at that. We have it.


Can I fall back and talk to Bouldergut?


Should we loot the mini city?


Thank you, Lindsay Lohan.


Nah, I'm going to yak in my sleep. I'm going to lay on my side.


Yes, absolutely! This is our first time. We literally just rolled into Vasselheim. What can you tell us of this? It's an impressive structure.


Bringing it home.


I got one gold piece he's turned to kibble.


Not of substance, if that's what you mean by substantial. Wherever you are.


I want to climb down the ladder and look for anything, not books right now, but are there any buttons or switches or anything out of place, anything besides decor and a library?


That is true. Do you think you will be able to travel with us for a little while, perhaps?


The entire library?


You can?


I'm staying still.


I want to move away from genie homie, and then hold my action for--


Wow! We're already at a battle map!


This goes right. We're playing D&D once a week! Any interest in turning Critical Role into a comic book? Yes. Who will draw it, from the chat room?


I will dash and keep moving away and that way.


Get that Grit back.


I'll take the six.


Whatever you do, add your d4.


I need some Visine bad.


So, this is your house?


Was that the same song you always sing?


(sings) With her big fancy die!


It's a trap, we're all going to die.


Yeah, and as this is going on, I dissipate the Light spell.


No. Come on, Gil. That's dog shit.


It does not succeed?


Oh, I was going to ask if she could recommend any bookstores, but I was mistaken about what the topic was.


I have Frightful Presence for anyone who might be terrified of me. That's it.


(mumbling) I could look in my bag.


I'll do 3rd.


We know the Briarwoods also did dealings with the Stormwinds in Wildmount.


That bonus is awesome.


What is anyone's relationship to a god?


We will take it under consideration.


That doesn't do any damage then?


Did you not have cat where you grew up?


Dart my eyes around. Is there anything that's useful in here?


It's an owlbear feather. I know! (laughter)


Thank you for everything. I'm sure we'll be in contact soon.


And it all makes sense to you?


What's going on in here, guys? (screaming)


Who was it who killed her?


I'm scooching!


Oh, Kiri's staying with us.


Can I insight check the fucking thing in the eyeball?


Oh, I left the weasel on the ship again. I didn't bring him with me.


I don't know. I mean, like, I kind of want to. I mean, so like. Like bad things.


Whoa. Well, this is a lovely sight! I'm going to saunter on up to the door!


Drinking again.


Yep. You can't say it in a right way. It's impossible. Innocent request.


Knocks them prone


It's a strategy boner?


They're riffraff. They could know what spice is.


Booming dick energy! (laughter)


Allegedly.


I'll run down and pour a health potion into Jester's mouth.


The horn of K'varn, yes?


No! You can't have a plan B already.


Okay. Just get ready. Let's go to the Slayer's Cake.


I'm Julia! From--


Learned?


You've never been rejected by a tree before, have you?


(muffled mumbling)


Yeah, but I'm tangling my fingers up, if she'll let me, with Keyleth.


Okay-- thank you-- thank you.


We took a bunch of your gold.


Yes, it's me.


Nothing! Just making sure you're doing all right.


Dead-ent dead-ent dead-ent dead-ent--


No? Yes? Maybe? I don't know! I'm not sure. This is a breakthrough. We have a breakthrough! We have a breakthrough! I am running to Cassandra, who I'm sure is asleep.


What did you have to beat?


Can somebody please tell us what the fuck is going on?


Let's try diplomacy.


Sorry, guys. We did it.


All right, I'm going to use my bonus action to dash closer to the body to see if I can recognize this goblin.


But my perception is 13, so that's 15 for perception.


Shall we make it interesting and play a little poker?


I have Yasha's character sheet and she rolled a ten.


You do? I've never noticed a twinkle in your eye.


As am I.


Oh my fucking God! I pull him into the tightest hug, and I give him a kiss on his forehead.


To fight the bulette? Or to--


I should!


Well, I was very graceful on the way down.


Okay, that was 15.


Listen, I'll run my store the way I run my store. I pull one body out.


We can't Plane Shift unless we alter the necklace.


That would explain the money, yeah?


Thank you. I was getting so bored.


Oh no! Tree's down!


I'm going to cast Control Water. Can I magic this clean-up like it's Fantasia or some shit?


(gasps) Okay.


Oh good idea.


I can't do it.


I'm girded and I've got a shiny head.


Oh! Those shirts there?


You have very cute, small feet that fit in the boots that you gave me that did not fit my feet.


Wait, can I bonus action him? Can I use my bonus action?


Regular water, please?


Yeah. Why is that?


We have six horses?!


How do I get an emote?


Oh jeez!


Can we see who it is?


I would like to retract my "bitch," please.


It is poppycock.


Two plus six. Eight.


Well, he's an archfey. He told us he was an archfey. They more or less control this realm, or at least have strong dominance over it. He might be able to help us make sure that we're going back in minutes as opposed to years.


And we have the earpieces.


Right. Come on, follow me!


I could make you all other ways unique.


Right. 13.


Hey, guys!


Piercing?


Oh boy, another ten feet towards me.


Cast a spell on one of the bowls!


Yeah, I can shoot from that height.


Starting off right.


Don't. Fuck. Me. Gil! It's fine. It kind of fucked me. 12.


Let's get some rooms and stow our stuff and get out there.


Oh, Shakäste! There's a really long story.


Yasha does.


Don't thank me, you're weird.


The orcs?


He doesn't roll to wake up or anything?


No, a dear, dear friend of mine, Tom Lommel, ran-- he pulled in some friends so I would have some sense, because I didn't want to-- he was like, "Your first game is going to be on Critical Role? You need to come over and we'll play one practice round."


Come on, Jessie!


That is true.


Yeah, how many tentacles are we--


I learn very quickly. She's an excellent teacher. Never mind. But no, adventuring and going out into the world, you learn a lot. You meet people. You get out. It's good for you. Look at all these people.


What's the ballpark damage-ish? Like blank d6?


If I can take an extra side journey to find a hat shop, that would be great.


Well, quite frankly, I am a little more comfortable in Quannah Breach anyway.


Every one of them, one after the other.


Two attacks. Yeah, first one’s a natural 19. Second one is another natural one.


Why does it say Y, Y, Y, Y?


I'll distract her! I'll distract Kima.


Wait, with Bane?


Oh, from Issylra.


Are there a lot of gloom stalkers around?


Spike coated in dried blood.


Oh come on, man. I can't try to aim to attack--


That's the nicest way anyone has ever put that; thank you.


Oh! Why don't we do that with all of them?


Creepy? I'm going to put her through the wall if she moves in the wrong way.


Wait, I can’t --


Or stow it.


I'll hold on to Caleb to make sure he can still walk.


I am going to cast Blindness on him.


Well, Tary is.


Glad we didn't die during your hard week.


Take off running.


(gasps) I can't wait to hear them!


We got held up by some wyverns. I almost died, it was crazy. We're here now.


(singing) Scanlan, open the door.


Well, you offered him your services. I would've said yes if a strange psychoanalyst walked up to me and--


When she was finished with me, she let me curl into a ball.


I'll go up there and hold that safety line that you were talking about.


I want to go for a circle around.


Yes, Cali?


You're the worst person.


To the pedestal. That's-- yeah.


Don't attack the same thing, you guys!


Can we make a chain?


I think this is a pretty solid fucking plan.


I try and interpret what he says. Hoist the thing!


That's why it's going to be a great plan.


What did they do to you?


Burt Reynolds.


I take how much? Four damage?


I rolled a 16 plus-- Oh, 19?


Where did all that math go from the last game?


I'll take Loaf.


"The affected creature is aware of the spell." Always?


I said  plug her in! Nefertiti is in business. You know, I deal with royalty. I deal with queens and duchesses, man.


But that's no secret!


We can drunkenly walk there and take our time and enjoy the stars and we can-- oh! Scanlan--


Never once. Never once, for all the shit she got for being greedy, she never once lied about the loot.


It's good to see you again.


Oh. You guys are the wardens.


That one that I just said two seconds ago?


We were supposed to get some sort of bracelet.


You're going to be fine.


Here, you take your sister. I'll go back to the doors.


Certainly adds something, doesn't it? To the whole valley. It's quite nice.


Thanks, Kiki! No, no, no, Percy brought me in.


Ja, then you probably know we are not the best you're going to find, but we are up and comers.


Oh! Throw that shit!


You have advantage on charisma checks.


Sondur, that's...


Everyone should try D&D.


Like something really large passed in front of it?


To speak about a very big evil growing on the Material Plane.


A wisdom saving throw? 15.


Ooh, that sounds big.


He made a little rainbow.


I lean in, way in, to Nott's ear, and say (whispering) Oh, by the way, Caduceus says that Jamedi is actually a dead thing.


Mr. Magoo. Well, you know. Fake confidence.


(strained laugh) That's silly.


Then you cut his throat and fucking kill him! I'm just kidding about all that. I don't know.


Things went well.


(sighs) I'm going to. (fanfare) I'm going to inspire myself.


Nott, it's me! It's Jester!


Pay Per View.


A different class?


I mean, do I see any of this happening as I'm just fucking swimming away? I guess my--


I'm so confused right now.


And that's her turn.


Trinket-sized furry entities? I can't see if they're actually bears.


I am going to steel myself for a minute, look at the water elemental to my right, and then cast Step of the Wind with a ki point and try and disengage like a rogue.


Sneak attack. All right, okay.


So helpful if he was here.


I'm all right, so I'm going to go find the staff and herd them down below and tell them what has happened.


I'm going to hit it again. Oh my god, it's a natural fucking one. (mix of cheers and groans)


Sorry. I just love that word.


Yeah. Somewhere around there.


One silver apiece. That's pretty steep. Don't worry about it. Here you go. I give her a little extra.


Well, it's possible he's just invisible right now. He does that sometimes.


Cool cool cool. Tasha's  at the end of its turn, it can make a wisdom saving throw. Hold on. Okay. I'm going to get out of there, run past the laughing thing.


It's water.


Only recently, yeah.


That's 27. 37.


The gem in the eye.


I'm not trying to get it into a basket.


Oh, it's all for-- really, oh.


Do I know what I sense, or will you tell me what I sense?


Do they look like they're mean?


Not bad, Tiberius.


Okay. Davin, what did you get put in here for?


Two gems in the bed.


Oh yeah. 14 plus six, that's 20.


I thought we were walking into a fucking lake with gnomes living there. I didn't realize we were going to fight giants.


That's why we have Grog around.


We know about Tiberius. We know about Kruvanis Stormwind.


Ja, of course. We are The Mighty Nein, not to be trifled with. Welcome to The Mighty Nein, Caduceus.


Do they have a ticket-taker? 14.


Is Reginald still around?


It's like Run Lola, Run where she's doing the roulette thing and she's like--


Ooh, that's good.


(sighs) It's nice to meet you, too. Thank you for looking after my friends. I guess any friend of Vox Machina is a friend of mine. You can use the downstairs. The basement room.


Whoa. Is that a dragon?


Okay. The secondary attack I wanted to shoot through my Bloodseeking Bow, though.


And trick shot. I'm going to sharpshooter and trick shot.


May I--?


Mantle sisters!


They're going to go attack the city.


How far up is it about?


Tonight, plan happening, sooner than later.


Approved?


So I just took--


Do you have any flasks that we could use to fill them up?


Place Mythcarver on it! Place Mythcarver in it!


Step out of it.


Okay, a Robe of Shielding Shadows. Can it be worn with armor?


(laughs nervously) Got you.


As he's doing this, I pull out some lipstick and I start drawing lipstick on his face, to try to turn him boy to girl.


I mean, I don't know, does it do anything?


Well now we all can't. You're never going to see your mom again. Sorry.


Yeah, the light has to hit it just--


Mr. Caleb.


I'll lead the horses, since I know where I'm going.


Why wouldn't I wanna expand my horizons?


Let's look at the evil skull first.


If I could just contribute one word, the 40 or so people who are outside and the rest of us will vouch for this one, the colorful one. He saved many people's lives. Don't take my word for it. There's everyone outside.


What date are we starting back up again?


I'll protect Caleb. He just pissed them off.


I didn't even get a funeral?! Everybody else did!


To first get gold dust, I would need gold.


20, natural 20.


Sam, get that shit out of your mouth. I'm going to throw up.


Durian!


Curled Flower is-- Speed round! I'm still going! Travis, I'm going to say pairs of names. One of each is a World Wrestling Entertainment wrestler, the other is a D&D familiar. Grung or Mojo Rawley? Say the one that's the wrestler. Grung or Mojo Rawley?


Bravo!


Okay! So I will, for the first time ever, use that stupid Ioun stone and cast Lightning Bolt again. I'm just sticking with my method here.


We're immune to fear and poison.


I have (popping noises)


The best in all of us.


Ah, they were talking all about you, actually.


Let's have a shot!


I won't, I swear.


No! I take off on my broom, and I go down to try to get her.


I want to land on this platform over here.


Okay. I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Curse of Mutual Suffering. And I'm going to amplify that. So I'm going to-- wait.


Can we try and climb the trees?


You definitely have been sleep cranky.


I'm going to start trying to scar her name off the barrel.


Yeah. I'll go ahead a bit and take a quick peeky-poo.


So, athletics, you said?


Okay. The first is a 11, 12, 13, damn it. Ja.


It's going to swallow people.


Well, Nott and I could tell you.


With my third arm, I need necklaces and keychains.


Hidden Valley ranch. Sorry, it sounds so stupid. (laughter)


Yasha.


With advantage? Natural 20!


He did it.


Yeah. This is what happens when you adventure.


I'm in a box! (laughter)


I did. I came back.


Right? I'm gonna shoot like a regular attack.


Well, Travis is my target, right? Are you still at the Keep?


That's not that many. It's 5,000 gold?


Interesting. I still have my other attack, yeah? Can I move in and kick that guy?


Look at me, look at me!


They needed this catharsis, it feels like. TALIESIN Quite a party.


I thought you had him.


I love this place. This is great.


Last thing you want to is jump in there, though. That is a bad time.


But I rolled a 19.


Like a short story or something?


My old stomping grounds.


Anything that hasn't been cut yet, yes, please.


Okay, I'll light it.


Is there a You Are Here sticker?


I figure I may poke you later to get a better understanding, just so we don't have to bore other people with her technical accoutrements, but I would like, at some point, an out-of-character understanding of what I'm looking at. Of what I could discern about what I'm looking at.


11 plus ten is 21.


What do we do? Do we just leave and come up with a good story?


We're out of chalices!


So, 20 for medicine.


Girth.


Cad's still grappled.


Eww! God!


This is not hot!


Yeah, back home. Jello shot? (laughs)


It does. It's just uncomfortable and frankly just too close to me, and now a little creepy. Then I guess there's not much I can do.


We braided hair. We connected.


I don't know if I have climbing--


I guess I have to start getting used to losing things.


Come on, snitch.


We're trying to destroy this place?


See if it attacks it? Sure.


It's Dungeons & Dragons, man!


Above deck, can I go find Fjord?


Yeah. Globetrotters.


All but the one you bought me.


Oh, I got it! We kidnap the president of hell and we assume his visage.


The people inside the dome? No.


Like, I make wagon couples. The thing that hooks--


I'll grab it all.


The mantacles. To see if they were magical.


Pass it down, keep passing it down. I didn't know Ashley was going to be here, so, Ashley, you can read with Travis. You are both--


Yeah, I'll look around in the cells. Natural 20!


Because you gave it all away.


Should we keep sleeping, or should we just pack it up now and go?


You seem a little--


Yeah, but we go over one at a time and then we're waiting for--


I'm gonna walk below the cliff and just stand on the cliff and start knocking on the ball on the other side and waving so he can get a nice view of the drop down.


Do you not like going into the water?


Do what you want. It's chaos.


And that's 16 points of damage plus three psychic, so that's 19 points of damage. And he has to do a constitution saving throw.


Can we get out of this fucking tree first?


I'm feeling pretty good. I feel streamlined.


And the last time you spoke with her was when you left, I'm assuming?


Okay, hold on a minute.


It's always hungry, right, so it likes to be, it likes what I do--


It's not a dynamite blast, it's like a (rumble).


Does it look like any of those scary creatures are around each other, or are they avoiding each other?


It is ten minutes.


We are actually--


Set the tone. Roll like a champion.


Yes, I know something bad is going to happen. I show them the box. I take it and pick it up. This is all she had to offer. She's not taking questions.


Natural 12!


This is quality internet.


24. So you heal 24.


I think it sounds like fun.


Up the chain! Fucking weiner snap. 15.


You have a constitution saving throw of eight.


Sylas is right here. Right next to Sylas?


I know of them. This is my first encounter.


I know where you sleep. People work for me.


But does an unmoving body move?


We love you too, Keyleth.


He's just always a little weezy.


Oh, no, Grog!


Before we get to it, can I cast Bless on his bullets so I can give them back to him?


Yes. God forbid a child wanders in there.


I don't know shit about shit. All I know how to do is hit people in the back of the head, that's the one skill that I have. You know a lot more than I do. All you lack is experience.


You're blind? Is Grog blind, as well?


Well, that's that then.


Oh, thank you. I mean.


Okay. That's around us, yeah.


-- and the only reason I'm even being vaguely hesitant about any of this is because they're all pieces of shit, including the one that we're making any sort of bargain with.


I did. I have things that I occasionally tend to, and I did.


Those last attacks were reckless.


You would have sunk our ship.


Oh, then 29.


Who's this guy that's been messing with your mom?


Because he's not a person! He's not a person. I should've fucking done Grasping Vine. Goddamn it. All right.


Earrings and stuff like how she has?


(high-pitched voice) I hate puns.


By whom?


Shit balls motherfucker.


With Dork.


Okay. Ah fuck.


As I see this, can I release my Control Flame and let the Fire Breath just happen, and not control it anymore?


Do we want to do the manor right now? What time is it?


I cannot do that right now. One, I have not prepared it. Two, I'm really messed up.


Pickle Rick!


So they can only move at the speed of the orb, since they have the orb with them.


Can I make a perception check around to make sure everything is copacetic?


A brew, or--


Well, don't say that too much. I mean, yes, they do know that we're Caleb and Nott, yes.


Because you hit him in the eye.


If we do some sort of flanking thing.


She's not little, but yes.


Wow. There's a Wall of Force. Do I see a Wall of Force?


I'm sensing something big is on the way


I guess I'll make us all white Ravenites. Normal Ravenites with lighter-colored clothing that can maybe blend in. But also we can't dance very well and we clap on the two and the four. So yes, I'll make us all Ravenites.


Is this like a turn thing or can I do something?


You, then Yasha?


No, Nott! It's fine. You're not in any danger.


I don't want any of him sticking around.


Keep it down.


Oh, this storm is so crazy!


Charisma saving throw a creatures can choose to fail this saving throw if it wishes.


Sponsor us, Summer's Eve!


Can I shoot him again before he runs away?


One...


Oh man, I'm getting some Twitchwood right now. (laughter)


It was the arrow, question mark.


Does it know that-- does it see me?


Do I see anyone selling glow sticks?


400 feet?!


That's my armor class.


If I cast it on him, I would probably jump on myself, because I'm a little bit heavier than you are, darling.


Okay. So then, since I'm there, I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt again.


Well, that's just it. I'm a really good liar.


We witnessed, we witnessed.


Oh, so Trinket can't do shit right now.


I'm going to lead Jester up to the top where fish guy was at the beginning with his staff. Set it down, and--


The dice are out of stock, you guys.


I think so, too.


Using your spatial, Beautiful Mind techniques.


True Strike. I extend my hand and point a finger at a target. My magic grants me a brief insight into the target's defenses. On my next turn, I gain advantage on my first attack roll against the creature, using that spell as a guide.


Can I do it?


He's an ambassador.


Oh. You know, I do know how to write a few letters now.


I rolled a natural 20 to help him with any arcana enchantment if he succceeds.


Did you three have a name?


All right, sure, go for it.


(sings) Blinded by the light.


Meh.


What kind of creature is K'varn?


Can I cast, while they're coming-- where did I write it down?


Here's what I propose. I do not have ten gold at the moment. But it doesn't feel like you get a lot of thoroughfare here, so I'm going to come back to purchase this later. That's it. That's the end of my spiel; that's all I've got. I'm interested, and thank you for giving me the time.


I could drive this thing.


Yeah, okay. So.


Because I can cast in Wild Shape now.


Very happy today.


No, we mentioned vaguely that we might want something.


Don't we have a mapmaker?


Unbelievable!


Not only do we believe you, but we want to tell others of this. In fact, I'm a bit of a performer. I may write a song about your exploits.


So, it's now or later, it's just a different set of problems, and now we know what we're doing at least.


What was his name? Hang on.


(whispers) Nice.


Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with you? How long have you felt this way? Because this is very fucking strange, Scanlan.


Yes. I need more info, Caleb. I need more data, more knowledge. You read books on this stuff. There has to be someone out there that knows more about this before we just charge in.


I don't give a fuck! I'm going to Hunter's Mark a little brain. Or should I keep attacking the Elder Brain? What do you guys think?


He's not that tall. You're not Grog anymore.


Yes. Any watcher that comes after you we'll fight them. We're very strong right now and full of health.


Yeah, count it.


Son of a bitch. All right.


All right then I follow to where everybody else is going.


Just barely. By one point. Did not break.


Flame Strike at 7th level.


And I say  Now, give it a listen. And I shake it. What do you hear?


That's okayish.


(singing) R-r-ranger, turn and face the strange! R-r-ranger, looks like you're going to have to hide this shit! Time may save me, but I hope you-- also do-- (laughter)


A regular strike, 25.


Oh that's-- ooh.


As an experiment.


To change the way I look?


Whoa! 16 extra health points!


You know you're going to get them back next long rest.


36.


I'll do the sentry on it.


No. I can't imagine you were. Is he here?


Best roll of the night. I rolled a 20 and a 17. So 19.


Was that on your list?


You can have me be very polite. That's the only way you can have me be very polite.


Should we take it out?


Zombie rats?!


You've got this on your machine? (banjo playing)


Yeah, it's thematic.


Oh, maybe Pike should do it, because she's way stronger than me!


Well, he's right there, right?


Advantage against spell saves, yeah?


I don't understand it.


I can't see.


Right. I tell nobody this.


You rolled the same, well, almost the same.


Oh my Jesus.


God, that sucks! I'm going to use a ki point to get there. (grunts) Step of the Wind. Hope that was a good call. I'm going to unleash on him, because I'm fucking pissed. First attack. Uh-huh! Yep! 24. [cheering]


Drink more.


I'm going to take a look at this thing.


Wait a second. Scanlan could do that, but he can't go by himself! We all have to creep along with him, or be found out.


As far away behind him as I can go.


We cut off their ears and sold them for money.


Well, it's 17, but the hand-cone makes it 19.


Wait, were they walking on two feet or--?


Ah, yes. We did notice actually last night, there seemed to be an influx of strange characters coming in last night. Did you happen to see anything around this area?


I roll over and show my belly.


(whispers) All of it.


Look how much bigger she is than those fucks!


Did you see it now? Because we're here in the city. It's right over there.


It's like the kid that farts in class and then looks at the guy behind him.


I dodge a femur.


Okay, am I even near Keyleth at all, or no?


Killing a dragon with a natural 20!


It's on the move.


Never recover from that injury.


Well, howdy there, neighbor.


He just tunes it out now.


No, it was a white dragon, we have 37 left over.


Are you coming in? Come in, it's open.


I know that this is burning, but we've got no choice.


And the gates to the city are closed at night?


I'm so cool.


And I only have one.


Right on the outside of the door. Okay, I'm going to swoop down and drag her in.


All right, calm down.


We should probably try and use our words as much as possible.


He's giving you a look.


Let's circle back tomorrow.


All right. Nott will go forward next to Caleb and peer around, and fire another crossbow.


All right. Well, a quick stop to talk to my sister, possibly, and then let's go at least investigate this contact.


You know?


Okay, I'll move out of the cone.


Yeah, we're good. I don't know if there's anything wrong, so you keep tunneling down and I'll wait.


Relay race.


Wow. Do you want to tell me what's in people's heads?


Yeah. I scramble away in Caleb's direction, and that cocoon guy there. I'm going to hide right behind him.


Put it in!


I push it out and continue to focus. Just focus and meditate on asking permission.


Could I use Evasion for this?


I'm going to insight check as he does that.


No, Percy. The difference is, I don't think I'm better than them.


I mean, could I take a week and really size up the entire building?


Caleb appears at the sewer like Pennywise the Clown.


Talk to the hand!


Should we retire to my room for this?


Stealth twins.


I have Feral Instinct.


An archer died!


Yeah. You make that Spiritual Weapon appear right next to them. You can hit them immediately.


I have a two-handed ranged weapon, though, which you do not.


I can do it.


You're such a good--


That’s not what it’s called.


We jump right in.


I sing, (singing) with your arms, and your fists, and your legs, and your wrists, it's in your head--


Yeah, but on the other side of it.


I can do math.


That would be so cool.


Those are just rocks.


What is all of this poppycock?


I need to get these bound at some point. I feel like I don't work hard enough every time one of these comes.


Charlie can run Trinket.


Must be off doing something (belches) important.


No, you'll get in the insect cloud.


Good work, Grog.


-- a new land!


"Aw, no."


I went to the wrong place.


I would imagine right now especially.


You fucking end him and you end him now.


We also need some warm clothes. Winter's coming.


They see it. There's somebody watching.


Wow. Can we be quiet now?


Do I recognize the city that I can get us to that's close?


I walk over to just one random person on the street and say, anyone hiring hands? On farms?


Let's go into the tunnel.


I didn't know I needed this.


Do you want us to step out so you can have a moment?


They are impervious to throwing star damage.


Did we see her?


Sorry, you know, it's so new, it's hard to remember--


Then what am I supposed to do? Killing her, what good will it do?


They're really cool.


Anna. You will take us to Cassandra de Rolo. You will tell us what you know about what's in the basement. You will tell us where to find Lord and Lady Briarwood, and you will tell us where to find professor Anders. And for this, we may let you go.


Sorry, I'm sure you're really lovely people.


You ever want to revisit home?


I got my cards out.


Caleb has told us all of this?


Oh, Trinket's with us.


You should come visit us over in the Menagerie Coast.


Do I see anything that looks like normal Exandrians? People that are just like--


It's like when you take a cast off, you're like, ugh.


Yeah, I probably should do that, huh?


(sings) Deo gratias!


Yeah. Who wants to talk to-- no? Nott?


I have a fourth shot and then another one, yeah.


A viewer whose chat name begins with a U-- I won't identify the viewer in case this goes badly-- sent me these dice and said, may they roll well. I would like to apologize in advance for what is about to happen to this person's beloved dice. It's a 15. Oh, look at that! It turns out that there are two-digit numbers on these dice. (laughter)


Is that Blues Traveler?


I can make myself look like something.


Through the wire I whisper--


Do I see any tunnels, or areas that look like it leads someplace of interest?


Yeah, I don't know if I can make flames with Seeming.


Fucking Seattle assholes.


I don't. We should find him.


See, down there I'm not so worried.


I mean, you could try.


Just a merchant ship. He had many.


I will bonus action take my potion of greater healing, right? That's the medium one?


Melora.


Yeah, remember?


Throw her the teleport stone!


I think I'm coming to the realization that perhaps I was not entirely clear on what I signed up for, but I don't think that means that it's the wrong path. I'm getting used to the idea that it wouldn't be a test if it were easy.


Is it now just a rug?


I want to live like Teddy Ruxpin. This is all I've ever wanted. (laughter)


Wait, before we do that, I'm going to enter the room and look around at the walls and the ceiling.


We're not in there yet.


Also, what do you think of puppies?


I may be blind, other than what I can see, but if I hit Detect Magic, something's going to light up in my--


All the rage and fury. And-- I'm going to spend my last ki point to do Stunning Strike.


Armored?


Oh, let's just go in there.


If it had to be anywhere.


Shot one.


Tits McGee. Okay. Huh?


How would you know? It's so dramatic!


(chanting) B-B-Beau!


Thanks for tuning in, guys. I wanted to bring up International Tabletop Day.


Shaun Gilmore.


Apparently, my hammer is talking to me. Reckless attack.


Keyleth, can you thin this? We need to see. Make the mist go away.


With an arrow in our throat? I didn’t see-- (choking)


Or dorky eight-year-olds or teenagers.


Ooh, perfect.


Stop! (whispering) Bastard.


Yes, it was code for masturbating. (all laugh)


It's all right, we don't need the crutch.


(whispers) Tusk Love!


Okay, that could have gone real bad.


Yeah! 28.


I am hidden from her.


She was so beautiful! And just glowed. No! And I just can't even describe it, she just glowed and it felt like-- do you remember the movie Contact? (laughter)


Wait, what are we talking about dragons? Do other dragons hate dragons?


Did we? Are you sure?


No, I don't want it. It's gone.


I will inspire Grog with a little ditty that I like to call, Who Let the Grogs Out?


Now, you people have not read about-- you don't understand magic. It's not like that. I want to try this.


4th-level Counterspell!


What's the lighting like in here?


Yeah. She was one of the ones that saved. That's why I was trying to stun her. SAM; What do you cast Dispel Magic on?


How far away are we from the keep?


They just attacked here. And we just got back here.


All right! I'm going to take a dead-eye sharpshooter shot. I'm going hardcore with this. So, with Bad News, I'm sitting down.


Okay. Oh, I didn't tell you. I should have.


Made out.


But now he's a tank. Greenbeard's an earth elemental.


22. I haven't even flipped over my character sheet yet. This is crazy.


Yeah. Who knows if they'll even get to us today?


I don't need it.


I know, and double damage.


Okay. I feed Toilet so many doughnuts, I just feed him so many.


(laughing) I want you to remember that you just said that.


I'm going to quickly scan the books to see if any of them look particularly old.


I named them and everything.


The Marquis?


Do I get any sense of what this is? I'm going to do Detect Undead, I'm going to see if I can understand what he was.


Yeah! We got some things back in stock, y'all.


We're going to be on the Wikia stage.


I don't know what I want. I want to see them. I want to look at them. I want to see them.


(whispering) It's the green one.


Was that negging? "Slowly fell in love."


You're a tag-along.


Like should we put some sunblock on as we walk towards it?


Hey, sneaky-sneaky, go take a look.


No? I don't know.


Well-- are you here? Are you next-- are you next to me now?


Do you have the ability to let us breathe under there?


I wonder if it's spying on everything?


Okay. Then I can't make anyone invisible.


Okay, Fjord, you focus on it. Right as I started to focus on it, you can steal it from me.


I mean, it feels like a bucket list item checked off the list, but, there were several times that I might have questioned everything that we were doing.


20 minutes?


Can I go outside?


Maybe Claudia has a lead box at her thing.


Well, look who's back in the fight.


Up-and-coming. I tell you that much.


Yeah no, I was going to. TALIESIN; Well, I was going to say, you're welcome. We're finishing up, you're welcome in.


That's a really good British candy.


Sleep for a hundred years.


No, I'm going to go to the treasury first, I'm going to take out 500 gold pieces, and then I'm going to go to my room and cast Circle of Teleportation.


Damn it. I am going to fall down. In front of Nostoc.


I'm gonna scoop a hand under his head and give him a slap on both sides.


It would be very strange.


Toya. Unless, and here's my new theory  the big frog man can leech the life force from people?


Would you like to buy this?


Well, hang on.


I'm just heading the direction--


I have the fucking carpet, okay. I go back to the top. I can get up there, right, like where they are?


From the skeleton minotaur?


Well, I mean, he's a fiend.


We kind of stagger a bit, though.


Have you seen me? You can see me.


Yeah. I'm sure that won't have any negative repercussions whatsoever.


I'll pay him in advance right now, just to get it out of the way. 600, out of here, phew, there you go.


They make really tall things here.


I mean you might as well be at home picking the wings off flies, you kick a cat, what is wrong with you?


You're just peeking.


Come on Squidworth, over here!


I have just cast a spell on you, okay? So you just have to listen to what I'm saying, okay? I think you are kind of an asshole but so are we, we are the Mighty Nein and we will fuck you so hard if you fuck with us.


Oh god, oh god, oh god. Okay, are we getting near the top?


Why would we be set up?


Your picture is going to be up in a small office by the gates.


Let's do a little walk of the perimeter, and when we're ready, we're going to jump down and we'll Mary Poppins it.


And we bring him back up.


He likes it. Stop giving him pleasure.


Can you send them down there?


That is so kind of you to say.


Thank gods.


Tell me this, DM. When my Invisibility spell is broken, am I alerted? Do I know that? Do I sense it?


Hands, yeah.


I'm going to give it a go.


Also, doesn't your belt of Dwarvenkind have something like that?


Crevasse.


Or let your players spread them out and not keep them all for themselves.


(shouting) I saw that, Kern!


Do I get an inspiration die from him or anything?


I already said it.


How deep does the hole go?


(laughs) That's your problem. So, you guys going to take off or do you guys want company or-- ?


The Super Bowl was missing that.


How can you do that? He's terribly far away.


How big was the full one going to be?


Can we double up?


Sure you are.


Uh!


It's gotten lower and lower.


I don't feel right about this.


Remember, stay quiet.


Thunderwave. Oh, is it spell?


Did I notice him casting Haste?


Oh my god, he's gonna die.


It's a boilerplate.


You all keep talking about this Pumat Sol guy.


You've seen Sharknado.


I mean I could Shapechange into something and give him a mount, he can ride me.


It does seem like crownsguard tend to be assholes.


Would you like to exit first or should we?


We're sleeping now.


What does that do?


There's an ink cloud?


He did move four or five maps into this building today under cover of tarp.


A robit?


I mean, the Gabon ebony is really nice, but the Purpleheart--


Is that--


Why? It's nutritious. It's delicious.


Can I fly up to the circle on the wall, on the crossbeams? Does it come off?


You just unlocked the fucking metal shit!


This is where the warden lives.


Can I wander over and see if I can overhear anything?


So fast!


Okay, I'm not a crazy person. It's not as good, but 13.


I have two. I have a multiattack; I can use two slam attacks.


Find Clarota again.


I told him to do that, I sort of-- He goes, "Watch and learn, little one."


No! Oh my god no! Do not get turned!


Oh yeah, sorry Ms. Beau!


Don't like that word!


It's looking pretty beat up.


That was an easy watch, then!


Cadmus, you said?


I'd like to not go direct, but slowly start creeping around through that green.


It's pretty lame, and also kind of insulting to Matt. I mean, if you want to be honest about it. Sorry to the audience, and sorry to D&D Beyond. Back to you, Matt!


I don't think you are.


I will go no further until I take a proper rest.


Nice to meet you, Kima.


Is he within range to hit with a spell?


We have a carved stick-- wand.


That's what you get! You call down the thunder and you pay for it!


Okay, that's a good idea.


Yeah, before we move.


Let's.


Oh, well, that's good. You get an attack, and the fire gets an attack.


90 feet.


Probably unconscious.


Senokir?


I'll drop the cannonball, and I will push up off the ground, Superman-style, in the water, and swim up above the deck.


Glowing eyes?


Oh good, yeah.


Is it a baked good of some sort?


This is why we should have taken that circus tent, man.


I feel like I should talk to you guys about this later, just because--


Hold that thought. I grab my earring and I say, can anybody hear me?


Ultimate challenge for Vox Machina.


Hey, let's roll off of this thing and take a walk.


There it is, there it is. It's in all our heads.


I don't really remember.


-- is offensive. That is offensive to me.


Yeah. That is a 14.


(inarticulate war cry)


This is a terrible idea.


One of those things you put on your wrist? Yeah.


How many years ago was this?


I'm actually okay.


Bidet, yes. Good day.


Well, get that--


That I use for different things.


I knew it!


Six, seven, so seven points.


This is when you want to be fighting Wil Wheaton. (laughter)


I mean, as far as I can remember. This was a really bad day, and water had a lot to do with it. (laughter)


Perfectly healthy, perfectly normal.


And Hunter's Mark on both!


Is there anything made of wood down here?


As I was leaving, can I notice anything about the back of his door? Like is-- a lock or is it flat, plain?


Any tattoos on him?


Might get us in past that outer wall, at least.


No, I thought, "you can create an instantaneous sound that originates from a point of your choice within range."


Yes. Like a semi-circle starting with this guy going this way. 50 feet.


I'll take that. So when we get into the boat together, I'm going to give you the other holy water flask.


Vax, can I borrow a dagger?


So I'm going to pour this Potion of Fire Giant Strength into his gullet.


There's no more discussion until there's food and caffeine. This is madness.


Gulp, gulp, glub, glub, glub.


Gern, is that one of yours? That's you, Gern. Gern.


We could just walk over there. It's a hassle to turn him into a bird.


Since you're not in the business of information, then we are in the business of procuring some specific items. Potions. I'm looking for a few empty glass vials. Perhaps some acid, if you have it.


I'm going to be there on Saturday!


Parkour! Parkour!


You want to sing me some inspiration?


Well, I'm going to attempt to grab the hammer.


Aberrations are what, like a beholder?


We're okay. Thank you.


If you're going to move, move onto the cart.


Never saw you before, friend.


Wait, is this normal? Would we have known that this is normal for people to lose their memory when they come out of the fucking Feywild?


Let's approach.


Oh, everybody's leaving and I didn't have a partner!


I gain seven temporary hit points, and then I'm going to-- well, that's it. Yeah.


Aw, yeah!


Oh, totally. As we go up to the next level, I take you to my box where I've been living for the last week. It is filled with apple cores and chocolate wrappers and stuff.


No, I mean I trust the others, right, but like... I know you on a more intimate level.


Just 120.


Here's what I need to know. Are you full of shit and you don't actually have any money, or do you have enough to pay our fee?


Yeah. This is a death box, this room is a death box. And I have a keen eye, but I wouldn't mind another set.


I'm finishing this and I'll be right up.


We know it. It's good doggie.


Four, five, six, seven, nine, ten, 14. Yep. I'm awake. Hurt, but--


Burning another--


Her. Sam. Natural 20.


You said you've been fighting on the frontlines of Xhorhas, or--


Okay. I'm going to do a quick--


Yes, I want to buy the Tusky Love one.


Do I look over at the symbols and do they all of a sudden start to mean something?


Can I take that?


What do you mean, you don't know? Did it happen after you died?


He was drinking. He's an alcoholic. He's got help since then.


So it's some sort of a wizard's or sorcerer's tome?


Third shot with ice. No sharpshooter. Natural 20!


Don't pick up the snail. Just be nice to the snail.


Hardly matters, I suppose.


You know, like you do.


But we do need new gear.


15? Could've been better.


Very clever.


Bring your swag. Bring your friends.


I'm very good. Yes.


I pull out my oil flask and I undo it and I douse him with oil, power-of-Christ-compels-you style.


The ancient platform? No, don't do that.


You may not be able to get to him.


I know that from here to here, I'm 100 feet, so from the angle, am I 180 feet away to Pike?


I'm saying we should, like, initiate Ole Tary J.


(loud burp)


That's really good. I just go up and put a hand on each of them to cover the blood holes.


Something else? It's our computer?


If I inspire, that kills my invisibility?


Yeah. You're dead. Do you have a reaction of some sort? Do you have a reaction?


Oh, it's the Greying Wildlands. Oh.


We should probably land far away.


Yeah. That she is. Should we grab the others and go explore for a bit?


Morning, big guy. Have fun last night?


Well, they're worth like 20,000 gold.


(whispers) Frosty.


I can desperately try and right the stuff, I suppose.


How do we get out of here?


I know, so spooky!


Merch, Laura-- oh.


Do you still?


Where do you go? I have something I'd like to sell as well.


Clang!


Sweet. Let's call it a crew of five.


As he goes ahead, I keep up my pace until I trail behind him a little bit.


Not those docks. We could go to a separate landing site.


Keyleth, would you be able to revive the tree?


Make sure Whitestone is actually preparing something underground just like Westruun.


For the duration, each creature you choose within 30 feet?


Oh, is it because she's a murderer?


(whispers) I think they're following us.


(laughing) Four!


You don't have that, do you?


Hey, what's up, everybody? Welcome back. Real quick, couple announcements, the first of which: tomorrow, here on Geek and Sundry, we have a special episode of Group Hug; it's going to be Alien versus Predator versus the Alien Queen. Cthulhu might be thrown in there. We're still working out the details, but we're going to kick off Halloween. It's going to be pretty rad. And the chat room bought those figures for us, so we're going to play with them, and it's going to be awesome. And then after that, we have a really awesome band tomorrow night, and they're going to be coming in costume, and then we've got the game Nightmare on VHS.


Yeah, it's plus 18 to your maximum hit points.


That was a good throw and catch.


Which one is?


This is the most amazing thing in the entire universe.


A concentration?


I am! I am. 20 points.


Well, I guess just the five of us, cause Grog and Percy are back at the Keep.


We're away from the fucking sacrifice area. Maybe we should just kill her.


It was a group effort.


Also at level five, I don't know if that helps.


Great. Can't wait.


(laughs) Yeah, we did our funny book show last week, so this week we're going to do our Comics 101. It's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to talk about the basics of how to read comics, if you're brand new to it or if you have questions. It'll be fun. We're going to talk about the amount of time that moves between panels, thought bubbles, talk bubbles, all the fun stuff. It'll be great.


I'm saying as myself  this is fucking weird.


No, it's so pretty on the envelope, though.


I do. Is this the percentile?


I back away from it.


I'm not Beau.


Can't see anymore.


Yeah, no idea what you're doing or saying.


Flip to the last written page.


Cool move.


I don't know, would that work?


Can I inspire her healing?


I've got ways.


Well, I could try to take him out, if you want to try and go for someone else.


(counting) That's weird!


You've got one.


What if it's like a sentient alien lifeform?


Caduceus and Caleb.


Horris, do you have a lot of diamonds on you? Maybe some that are worth 300 gold?


(laughs) It's calories!


Maybe it's a statue.


The gray ground that's been burned, is it just...


I was just learning how to DM from Matt about a minute ago! And I think I know.


But didn't you need to go somewhere?


Wait! Let's act it out.


We need to sleep.


That's a girl.


Okay, then... yeah. I'm going to-- I get two attacks, don't I? No, I just get one attack.


Killed that old woman so good.


It would be considered saving-- you would add your saving throw wisdom?


21, and that's eight damage.


I also go ahead and cure myself up.


Necklace?


There's our Critical Role logo shirt! All these shirts are still available in the store!


Oh, I'm thinking back on it now?


This ain't my first rodeo, baby. Thank you.


Wait, don't do the distraction yet! I haven't set the--


You're going to run all the way to the snake?


We can get that many through in six seconds.


Who's got a map?


So we can locate Febron Keyes, yeah.


Kit and Wendy.


Thanks for that update.


These are all long rests. We're all getting long rests. I'll take second watch.


(as Jester) "I have the diarrhea." (laughter)


You could recruit him!


Best plan ever.


So we might as well wait a few hours, at least, right?


Man, that's a good thing to have.


Is there a way to hide the city with magic? We've seen that done before.


(singing) She's so cute. This was downstairs. She's the cutest ever.


He'll be Finger of Deathing me double-time.


Nott on the sword.


We all had to fought to be heard that time.


She's got a high strength. But we want to try to end the round.


Whose house?


I have an owl here, it is-- That hits.


I'm still really confused as to why we are trying to maintain honor to inhonorable people.


Sounds fine. Sounds normal.


What a dick. What a dick. Well, I can't do anything else, so I will-- hi. Who's around? Who's about to do something? I'll turn to Vax and inspire him.


I want to check the other room. The room to the left.


Fuck Drez.


Debateable.


Could we get an insight if Taryon seemed excited or just terribly scared?


What do you get for the crit on Kas? What do you get for the crit? That's why I'm asking if you double your dice.


30 fucking minutes.


What is a quay?


I was like, really?


Caleb is not listening to anyone. He is sprinkling pinches of salt and soot in a circle around the book.


I'm Lady Briarwood. Here with the man I broke the world for.


He's about to.


I'm going to turn and I'm going to run, full sprint, towards that guy. My 45 speed.


I've already watched.


Are there other options?


Constitution I have a lot of. For my saving throws.


Okay, so it's probably going to go everywhere.


We're going to have to get one of those child leashes for you.


And that's 23?


(singing) Shitty rolls!


It's too late.


Disposable? I have 285 gold, and therefore, disposable: 280.


I do a little duck.


So we have to leave you alive, and let you leave this building intact?


We are all going to die because of the Golden Snitch.


Well, I hope Percy comes back soon.


I think that’s-- It could be dangerous. It’s better if they initiate, because then we learn information immediately.


Not Dolan.


Yeah, probably.


We're making kids cry. This is amazing.


But it's really a lot to hold onto your person. I mean, it's a bag of gold--


I didn't realize when we were trying to save your voice box in the game at Gen Con, that that was part of a running inside joke.


I don't know. I feel like we've gotten a bit of a reputation for ourselves. I'm sure that word has spread. We're not, you know--


Just for fun while everything's going on, I'm running two passive experiments in my lab while I'm working on the shoes.


God, I hope this works.


Yeah. 15?


I'm going to move up a bit, near Trinket.


Just 12 more.


Now we can get Trinket in!


Do you want to eat him even more now?


Is there anything to add to-- ooh.


Right. Do I have enough of an angle on the sun now, where this should be doable?


I am walking the fuck away.


By the way, can I just remind everyone, this whole year I've had one half of a communications bracelet and someone's been watching us the whole time.


Good job. Over and out.


Thanks, Effigy.


Then I'll use it to cut him loose.


We fail at manners more often. We'll see how this goes. We'll try being nice.


Jury summon.


No. Again, fairly recently.


But we're talking like 150 feet? 200 feet?


Can we look for a good camping spot?


Yeah, let's go.


It's a 22.


Dexterity? Oh, no, someone's got a fly swatter! Ten?


Hey, that's cool, and I'm gonna use the chain of returning with the blood axe, and I'm gonna throw it at the tree.


If I'm on top of the water, how much space do I have?


(quietly) Oh no.


Percival Fredricks Von Stein--


Hey, Keyleth? Have you ever seen feathers like this?


Oh yeah, he's super tall. Can he reach farther because he's super tall?


But I'm a fox.


What?! It was all part of the show. Heh. It was a show. All right, Jeffrey, you've been very helpful. Change your britches, and don't do bad stuff. And I sheath it.


A furry octopus.


Bugs. The show's all about bugs now. Bugs.


That was awful. 13.


Cool. That was fun.


Is that sound still happening?


Doesn't stack?


Wait, chaotic good? Does that make sense? Is that what I am?


Oh, would it hit Vax that way?


We love you guys, you're amazing! [dramatic music]


You can do it to one person.


Was the old guy the cleric?


Good. That was really...


Are we going to redo the initiative flags?


They want it to be really dark.


It can't be a man? He's not a beast, that guy?


Zhelezo have come up and said (exaggerated accent) "There was a ship and the Fireball detonated on the side of it and ours has a bunch of burn damage."


I think you pee on the body and it cures them.


Echolocation.


I look so cool.


No. That was the end.


(whispers) Heal him.


A hundred a piece already.


We're not stealing from this place.


All hail the king.


Is there another room going off the bottom room?


I heard you coming. You're loud. You're a lot. And that's Liam to Marisha.


First map! (yelling)


You would know if you had more intellect.


Can I maybe go through the piece of paper that she's reading?


So just a little extra accuracy.


Is it dangerous at all?


I need that.


There you are, dear!


He must have fallen against a mountain in an upright manner.


My legs are jumping around like crazy right now.


He's all right. (hushed laughter)


Better call an exterminator!


Good boy. Good boy.


Drums.


I want to spend the morning, before anyone else gets up, standing on the edge of the water and like letting my toes sink deeper and deeper as the waves--


60-- wait, how?!


No. You're an idiot-- I mean, no thank you, Grog. I lash out when I'm nervous and I don't have my belongings.


So it's an advantage and it is an automatic crit?


Plus Allura and Drake are coming back. We need to talk to them as well. Find out what's going on in Westrunn. And then we need to get everyone out.


I didn't roll anything yet.


I'm taking this silver thread and making a 20-foot cube around the cart.


I would be glad to help.


Just tiny sips.


Yes. Delegate.


Are they dead?


Wait, you're doing it now?


Which is really not losing much at this point.


16 succeeds.


What was I rolling for?


Settle. (singing) My baby left me on the fourth of July. I cried red, white, and blue. Got in my Chevy, popped open a Coors, and moseyed on over to you. Opened the trailer, played some Johnny Cash, kicked off my cowboy boots, and sat. Got my character sheet and my daddy's dice, because Exandria's where it's at. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight. Roll me close, crit me tight. I got a pickup, a 12-gauge, an American flag, but it's you that makes me feel all right. D&D Beyond--


I'm going to be keeping an eye out for anybody on the road.


I'm going to creep about 40 feet down the hall and continue that search.


Ah, yes, I have an idea. But also, are there two stairs up to the top floor?


Things that could deceive, things that could use force against--


Oh yes. You would go into complete detail about it, and he would make it sound very interesting. Maybe we could have somebody draw pictures for it!


Why are you out here in the wastelands?


(slurring) This is so weird.


Scanlan's just like, I hate this mission.


Wait, high five!


Absolute conviction.


You got us so much insight, though.


I see, does Keyleth have limitations on what animals she can transform into? Yeah, for the most part I can only transform into beasts and I have to be under a certain challenge rating. So right now, at my level, I can only turn into beasts that are a challenge reading of three or lower.


Okay, yeah, go down to the temple.


I love it. Okay, why don't you welcome back the cast.


Falls right back down like some other loser that I know of.


What’s the price on the dagger and the sword?


I have something to show you.


It's got Futurama stuff on it.


I roll over and have Trinket step on my back.


Whatever you're going to do, just fucking do it.


How big?


I can fly.


No, I'm still up there.


Your hands?


She's at the Temple of Bahamut?


We don't need to actually know what's going on in there. Why does anybody need to know that?


Oh. 19. 20, 20.


Yeah, let's get you into bed, yeah? Get some sleep.


Don't you have a feat now? Fanatical fanatic?


He noticed us, okay, never mind.


Are you sipping it?


Target should now spend five feet of movement to automatically escape from non-magical restraints such as manacles or creatures that have grapple.


"Oh, it's so cold." I take out one of my bottles right before I go under. My bottle of air.


The top is open air?


What was it like?


Really good. They're really good and they're a problem.


They're all people!


Of the Clasp?


Okay, never mind. And a two. But that might be enough, because I have a really high-- that's a 15 as my lowest to hit. Does a 15 hit?


Should we check this other room first, before we go?


Grog, you did sleep last night, right?


Your highness, what is a pam-phlet?


It sounds like she can't cast spells too well.


No, it's like real late, right?


The closest globule is ten feet behind us.


Are you supposed to roll 10's or 12's?


We.


Cool. Seven. 22.


I followed it.


Dungeon Master, where's Vasselheim on this map?


Joe Madureira art!


(Valley girl voice) Oh my god, Tracy's back!


Flashing, moving things, things that are alive.


He made all of that, by the way.


They'll be back.


I take him by the hand, do one of these clasps, and say,


And I'm going to be enlisting her help, it's literally just thin slices, I'm not making them super nice, I'm just--


That was the best thing that could have happened!


Go running in 50 feet. (war cry)


I wanna use a statistic for a snake, but swim speed, fuck! I'm trying to be elusive here!


One last one.


Oh. Swim up.


You were giving off the impression of one who is looking forward to putting something off.


Knowing distance, space, the direction of north at all times, with Frumpkin in there, am I able to tell how far back we are from this chamber? We're 20 feet back?


I'm staying up. I like the rain.


And I'll say, you feel good in this motherfucker! Your whole hood in this motherfucker! (laughs) That's it. (laughter)


Not yet. Not just yet.


I will be behind them.


There were then chains, the manacles. Cart, we definitely drug here. Definitely around Fjord's neck.


You know what you know in Draconia? Do you know what you know in Draconia? You know Tiberius and you know his armor, and you know his objects and personal effects?


Creative input.


Did he just stand there, and he had a turn?


We got to follow it first.


Like a backpack?


Why advantage? I'm just curious. Give it to me, but what's the advantage from?


Come on, man, do I have Vex--


Oh, that's better. 19.


Sure. Platform sounds good. And she will use her handy heal thing to pump seven points of healing into Caleb.


Do you think you'll see Percy anytime soon?


Are they going to have an orgy?


No, he's talking about the third entrance, that's lower.


That was an accident!


We're trying real hard, man. Like, actively trying real hard.


And in us?


Captain Tusktooth?


I just finished organizing it, you guys. Okay. I wanted to give you guys some updates on some merch items. Those amazing posters? They will be sent out in a week. I think. Yes. They will be sent out in a week, because they're in the warehouse now, ready to get shipped. I've gotten a lot of messages asking where are the aprons? And the reason that they're not shipped yet is because we ended up selling so many that the manufacturer didn't have enough cloth to make the aprons, so then there was a backlog of that. So they're done, and they're about to get to the warehouse so you'll be getting your aprons in a couple weeks, and then we'll start getting them, so that's solid. Also, we have these awesome necklaces. Also, some other stuff.


Is that including sprint?


Do we try to get in the mansion, or what do we do?


It's our first item!


I'm going to burn it the moment Fjord is in the clear.


Can we just do doughnuts?


No, she's related to Lillith. They actually are, they are related, that is true. Our friend from previously.


(whispered) Ugh. I want to see what it is that's doing it, though.


(chuckles) The chatroom. Take it easy on us, all right?


Yeah, what if you're flying?


With my eagle vision?


It's okay, you're good now.


I don't have an alternative for the lesson. It's just not the lesson.


Let's get that thing in its box.


A sextant and everything.


I'm keeping my distance and pulling out the rifle and I'm pointing, if anything needs shooting, I'm going to shoot it.


Oh. My. God.


Ah. (foomph), Dancing Lights.


Just right around-- If we went even just a few feet that way, whoo whee! Guards, big old gate. It would have been-- oh, man.


Courteous!


It doesn't work like that, unfortunately.


It's 64 pounds.


I'm just fine.


I'm done. I've moved. I've acted. I can throw a ball. I'll throw a Fireball at Big Whitey. Centered way back so it doesn't hit any of my friends.


How about, in the meantime, keep an eye on the people around right? Watch what they're doing. The things they're doing on the mast. Rigging, right? Try and familiarize yourself with working a boat.


Danke sch�n.


Myriad activity. Whatever that is.


Who was the last to node? Are you noded?


Yes, that hits. (all laugh)


I go inside.


Yasha's first. We're all 60 feet behind her.


That's the part everybody wants.


That's good to know. That means the human-sized ones are probably fucked up too.


Just going to leave a handkerchief. Just in case.


Not as much as I wanted.


What time of day is it?


Chode.


I don't know when the last time we rested was but I have down that he only has 30 hit points left. Did he take damage at some point?


Then I'm going to follow up.


Mother bitches.


It still is!


They all appear to be fairly miserable people.


No, he can choose another target on Sanctuary.


(posh voice) Fancy?


Two weeks, if we're not back in two weeks--


Matted with jam.


I don't wash him! I just give him the fucking water.


But we need to get something started. Here's what we learned.


And I can make tunnels, though, as long as I go with you. I can't find it alone. I can get close.


That's nine; that's not great.


Is there a roof?


Well how--?


It's usually Monday nights from nine to, whenever the fuck. Like it went to 1:30AM the other night.


I could send down an image of you that looks like you, and so if they attack right away they'll be fighting against just an illusion!


Welcome, all!


Well, I don't know the names of the streets. I remember what it looked like. If you want to follow me, it's about a mile off. It looked like a furniture store. A Kingly Rest.


The thing is, the kraken might be able to swallow you whole, Grog.


He did that.


Well, everybody keeps saying that everything is deeper and deeper, so I think we're gonna have to go--


Are you on the broom with me still?


I step into the room, lining myself up with those two pig, creature, beast things. In a line. Yeah. Can I also catch the king or no?


Plus two! 20.


Whoa, that was a big one. Shit, okay.


Inside.


26? On the strength check?


13 points, got it.


No, but what if it makes it pus its thing and then it hits Beau and she dies?!


He's out. Oh. I haven't brought him out yet, I haven't brought him out.


What do we see, though?


Killing two guards on the way.


But he just fired at Grog.


I don't think he has any blood, though.


Pike goes like this (yells) as soon as the door opens.


Oh my god, is something actually going to work?


I mean, 18 is what I rolled, I don't know what I add for it.


Not really, no. I cover it back up.


Peed on before.


Did you go to high school-- no, you didn't go to school-- Hmm, everyone else is snoring.


I'm staying up, can I not--


That's not bad. 14 and 20, uh... 29.


Has he stabilized, is he stable?


33 for the first attack. Second attack is a 21, so I think that misses. And then I've got a bonus action left. I'm going to stay where I am, and I have a regular healing potion. I'm going to down that. That's 4d4 plus four, right?


Evil?


Can you represent us accurately?


No, it could be an undead army.


What? No!


But I've found in moments when I was feeling less than brave that pretending to be somebody else on occasion, even afterwards, can be helpful.


The assassin removed his helmet?


Well, good. Let's get out of here.


Shimmy the shake.


Mecca lecca hi mecca hiney ho.


Yeah, but he can still save from it if he rolls a 16, 17, 18, 19, or 20.


Does it feel like I did some damage?


Please, that would be very nice.


No, I did not.


You said I can get my attacks and then have Trinket be my bonus action, because he can do one attack as my bonus action. Single attack on bonus for bestial fury.


Who did you just-- who did you just--


I take back my glare.


The Trench.


That's a fine decision.


So, anybody got any ideas?


Doesn't sound that bad. Yeah, they're not going to kill you.


Jester has the key!


We should what?


Has my invisibility dropped when I got blasted?


Oh, Meghan! Yay!


No, you get disadvantage.


Well, you take damage and then whatever damage that you take that is carried over into your real form.


This is where all those manacles have been coming from! Oh no!


Never.


It's fine. They'll have a good night's sleep.


She looked at the eclipse, too.


How much was it? I've got 165 that was Molly's.


Natural 20 residual.


Does your piece of paper back there look like Stephen Hawking's chalkboard?


Scanlan, you're right there. Get as much gold as you can and Dimension Door over to the teleporter.


Boy, that sounds like a fun night. Outstanding. I will be sure to return. I turn my head and leave.


I'm still doing my granny routine.


Intelligence and he's hexed?


I want to make a-- I'm sorry, you're not done.


You're a sly fox.


Diplomatic cat-munity.


That's the first time I did that. First time I did not go into a state.


Yeah! Yeah, we can jump over that little gap.


We probably have a half hour at this point?


Just give you a little bit of boost, you know.


We have a thing for that.


A muumuu.


Keep it to myself. [yelling] Keep steering Caleb, I'm looking at nudie pictures!


I'm going to use my bonus action to turn into an air elemental.


My rod of mercurial form.


That is a huge thing.


How big is this cage?


That's like 4 00. Wow. Amazing.


Terrible taxidermy attempt.


You know that intimate hug we had earlier? Kinda do that.


I know! Matt's stone cold!


People always accuse me of taking it easy on my players. I really don't. (laughter)


Oh, he'll hit me.


Language.


Jeez, no.


Spend ten, get nine.


If they both have sentinel--?


I'm going to go sit down by Percy, and what I'd like to do is watch everybody nod off, and in 20 minutes, nudge him awake.


Plus Sneak Attack. Woo, an 11 for the Sneak Attack and Hunter's Mark. And then the DC of 17 or be restrained. That's strength save.


No. We're going to go camp somewhere for a day, right?


Yes, please.


Oh! Thank you.


They probably folded them up for us.


But if we're all around the room, let's say we've got in there and it's fallen off and we're all around the thing. You can't all whip us out of there. We have to be in one area, right?


No sign of tracks, anyone huddled for safety?


I want to test and see if we sink when we step on the bog.


Okay. I'm going to cast Beacon of Hope. And for my bonus action, I'm going to pull out a spiritual weapon of a giant big greatsword.


Rogue shit, yo.


Yeah, it's Friday evening, 7 30. In fact, we got an even bigger theatre this year. The last theatre had 1,500 seats, we're like, oh, we'll never get that many people, and it went (explosion sound). It filled up, so we got a 2,500 seat theatre. It's massive, it's a huge party, if you didn't join us last year, you want to come to this mayhem. It's so much fun. You don't need passes to GenCon, by the way, you don't have to have a badge or anything for that, it's a standalone thing. There are definitely tickets still available, it's going to be super fun.


30 points of damage.


Kind of following your lead here.


I should not have claimed this.


At the Sluice. So we go there and we can go down-- do we have to swim to get in there?


Ah! A natural 20. (all cheer)


I believe in you. This is fine.


Ooh, 30.


The Whisperers you speak of. Do they see through illusions?


Yeah, and get all of our stuff off of the cart. But I have our giant lead safe in here.


He's still a rat!


Do you think it could possibly the sword that Grog had?


