No, you throw it.


No, I can't. It doesn't carry me.


No, I didn't. I cast it at level three. I did.


Oh, it's a five! Constitution five. It's a ten.


It could've been the Briarwoods. We should see everything that's up here.


You guys made friends. Good job.


Six seconds. Done.


It's ale.


There is war outside right now.


It's pretend as adults.


(eerily good crow noise)


It's not my fault that you didn't design your robot-bear to have arm joints.


How do we even know who's who?


Why were they going to arrest you?


Jumbo gets it.


It doesn't have to be melee. I had it right there and I should've read it.


Does he--


Ha ha ha!


We are here to serve you?


I have a rules question, DM. Normally when I attack one character, one attack gets sneak attack, but can I sneak attack the one behind me and attack the other one that's by Keyleth? I've got friends around both.


No, add ten to it.


She gets to heal.


I feel like when people talk about DC Comics, they just only vaguely talk about DC Comics these days.


That was the coolest!


It was a group effort!


I can see it, it's right there!


Like a uniform of some sort?


Bars on it or something?


(gasps) Manners.


Yeah. Yeah. I kind of almost died. (laughs) Because of him, I guess.


But my arms are really sore. I need a massage.


Yeah, performs a miracle. He needs followers.


Merry Christmas!


Yeah, right? You heard that; it was like (gibberish) Fjord (gibberish).


Can I get a loaner on that? I've got about 230 gold.


You have a point. They don't do much for us in the day-to-day.


No, Shorty. Hold on. Are there any traps in there?


♪ Ones, rolling them every night. ♪ That's it. (cheering and laughing)


Aw, someone's going through our shit.


No more food.


The crew should also have some place to sleep. Let's make sure everybody is taken care of.


It is pretty sweet, flying around like that.


Fucking hell, shit. Here you go.


I thought he was like a highfalutin type.


I saw a single, twisted, unnatural black horn of--


(high-pitched) I said bi--


I carved that in with a pen, myself, after our night together. Where have you been my whole life?


We are having a battle of the bands from 5 to 7PM Pacific Standard Time, and Mr. Mercer here is going to be playing the drums.


And I walk away! [cheering]


That's your autobiography title!


Get it, archangel.


Oh. Well, I'll find out.


Right? Thought that winter would last forever, right?


Oh. Okay, cool.


It lasts an hour?! Oh! Hey, you can get out with that.


Wow, that was fast!


Dropping sharpshooter for the third one.


Are you resisting?


It's okay, I'll go get Travis.


I got 18.


It's really heavy, guys!


We're talking about a chance to gamble with his life. Let's let him do it.


Thank you. I've been looking into this, and it seems that where we're going has a very, very structured hierarchy. It's very ordered, the society makes sense, and wherever we find this creature that we have to slay, there will probably already be forces working against him that will be happy to ally with us to help that happen. They're vicious psychopathic creatures that only function because they maintain these rules with each other about how they're supposed to act.


Okay, and while I'm running I'm going to take a shot, I'm going to pull out the big gun and take a shot with the big gun.


So we released our teaser on socials, and everybody was like, "I want that as a poster!" So we listened to you, and we made it a poster! (cheering)


But he was an asshole.


Okay, but I need them.


Can I fly up in the air while this conversation's going on?


Might be souls?


I bet that's where we need to go. It's blocked.


Yeah, that's a 20.


Okay, I'll pick them up and throw them as far as I can into the grass.


I kind of love this.


We're on a schedule here.


All right, I guess Shakäste and the Duchess will move into the chamber and check the other side of this chamber now that it's--


Wait, did we get cut off? Did Vex and I get cut off from everybody else?


Okay, so I'm casting-- it's a 3rd-level spell on Hail of Thorns. Ah! Where's my d10s? Okay, I'm so nervous. I don't-- I can't find anything.


Do you know where Enon lives?


Head's off that corpse. You can't put it back.


Oh, still advantage, or that's just once a turn?


(gasp) Wait, wait, wait! Can we pet them?


Because it was fucking hilarious!


Should we pretend like we haven't seen it, we should just carry on as normal?


That threw off my plan.


I thought he blinked before. Are we at an hour and 15 minutes?


Is he another golem?


I thought rage-- oh.


I think we're getting feedback.


Because this could go poorly.


On this beauty.


So I cast Pass Without a Trace on us, so should we stealth?


He's a rat.


I'm going to roll real quick. I was going to do animal handling; that's the roll? Animal handling every day so I can train it to do stuff? So I didn't gain a point today. And I take out the Decanter of Endless Water-- water, anybody?-- And then I'm feeding Lockheed some.


Yes. No. [knocking]


-- is actually contained beneath the castle. (all laugh)


Bummer, second one, natural 20.


I've got a plan. I need to borrow the scrying orb. I'm going to make a list. On a map, I'm going to mark every roadside inn within about 200 miles.


Can we make that a double?


Are we still running? Are we still running away?


(plopping sound)


The book was about debate and then you were going to argue about--


Is it just a cobra head by itself, or is there also a body?


We'll see each other, again, I hope. Grog.


It's my baby girl--


Did you just kill our guests?


I just want to Three Stooges trip him.


Like, at all.


But there's no other doors in this room?


Do we make a polite exit at the least or do we just bugger out?


All right, I'll have some booze.


Wait, you're locked in here because of the pixies?


I notice a serpent-shaped mask on the wall. I just pick it up and put it on and say, thank you, madam. Much obliged. And walk off and clap Thorbir on the shoulder and keep walking.


Eight is Enough. I'll skitter around towards the candelabra over there, and as I go I'll (cocks crossbow) and fire another shot at the other pot.


Keep him honest.


But we all add plus ten?


Wait, where did she go?


Thanks, Mike Mearls!


Those seem really remarkable, Liam.


Where specifically?


Yes, you are! Taryon, I've seen make amazing things. You can survive. You've been to the depths of the watery abyss. And you've lived, kind of.


I feel nothing. Sometimes I have to hold it with my left hand so it feels different.


It wasn't.


Does it look like it goes inside?


Rusty Trombone.


Is it in piles that would be about human-amount of ash?


How do you know? Who are they?


Who are you aiming for?


Count Tylieri.


We plan to leave at dawn.


We do have a flying carpet.


And camp in the tunnel?


You merciful lord.


Pretty complicated.


I'm going to circle around to her right now.


I didn't want to! I'm not hit. I was fine! I was literally untouched.


I miss you too.


I immediately drop down and start searching the guard.


No, we'll do this later. Do you see the smoke over there?


No, no, those look great.


We're going to talk to her. We're going to see what we can learn. We're going to be very thoughtful about what we talk to her about, and we're going to find a way of making sure that this is the last time we put her in the ground. By hook or by crook.


Yeah, you'll get advantage.


These games keep getting better.


It's a cone? Yeah, okay.


We do have three trammels.


Are the doors locked?


Oh, shit, he beat my passive perception, too!


She's gonna break some legs. it's okay.


Do I get advantage on the attack if I'm hidden?


Wow. This thing works.


I will try and remove one of the doors. I don't know how to delineate between them.


Recently? Down here?


Over here, you piece of shit. Nope.


Man. Joma, your time is over!


Tyriok, do you have a weapon on you?


Yeah, Mom was real great.


No matter how far or how long.


Oh! Fantastic.


Odessa? Osysa.


19 attack.


If we knew the name of everything we put down our gullet, there would be no fun, ever, any time. I'm very excited.


Are you all right? Am I all right to--


He's bushman!


Oh, how I wish we could release you from these bonds.


It's asking a bit much, I was too forward.


Am I restrained, or am I slowed?


Outhouse, campaign two. Here we go.


I cannot wait for our curtain call! Sam is ruining Hamilton. I hope the audience knows that Ashley told him no. And we know that we should start the game now, but it's such a pretty song for D&D Beyond, so we sang it anyway. Bidet, bidet. Sam is our hero, yeah. Bidet, bidet. Okay, Matt, take it away. [cheering]


I'll drive if you want to switch out later on.


I mean yeah, we have a lot of stuff in the bag of colding.


7d8?


Am I with him in the vision?


No, that can't be. 33.


And our discount!


Does anyone have a large purple hand they could use?


As we get closer, can we see from outside the ship the extent of the damage from the initial explosion?


So all we have to do is teleport through that tree that's underground. We can send him a small bonsai tree, as a gift.


Ah, that's what I was at after I healed myself with a handful of hit dice after getting crushed into the ceiling.


He's going to take a whack at me.


(whispering) We're going to find the lost island of Teddy Ruxpin; I'm ready for this shit. Let's bring it.


(scared bear noises)


All right, yeah. He's going up top.


I rolled a 16.


I'll put on my Gloves of Swimming and Climbing, which I got two years ago.


Okay, then we're going to have 19 piercing and eight necrotic.


Okay, Tary-- where's Tary?


Was it Percy the time before too?


She didn't roll that good.


Being fully asleep, I cast fart. (laughter)


Good job, Caleb!


Initiative?


And he's got another hand that he could chop off too. One in reserve.


I go low, you go high?


It shut him up for a little bit.


Get that out of the way. Nine?


24, with two lighting damage. The first one had four lightning damage.


What if it's not really her?


I have a hood on.


Okay, step two! I'm going to take my gun.


Okay, I'm going to cast it and probably go into the house.


No, it's not that much. Five, six, seven-- Ten, and a reroll, I do an eight! So that's eight-- 23 damage, thank you.


Not exactly. No, she entertains gentlemen. She's hard to describe, a performer, an entertainer or--


Where was the Melora grove thing?


All right, we're going to need the (mumbling).


All your home improvements.


Maybe we could pay Jarett a little overtime.


The blue thing's weird. The blue thing is what's throwing me.


Which going to be available what day?


When you get on the wall off of Nila's shoulders and you do the handhold thing? You know what I'm talking about?


I rolled 22, as well.


To see from the top?


Leather boots, could be anything.


Oh no. Don't touch anything.


Maybe he does! Maybe he does. Look at my shoulders! I'm like Travis Willingham! Is this what it feels like, Travis?


And we can see you more.


He's super awesome.


It's a cold resistance.


Should we take off the robes that they had and pop it on some of us?


Yeah, and just to understand the whole breakdown, but where do the three rolls come in?


Yeah, let's sign up!


Guide me. You've been doing this longer.


Yeah, sneak attack's only once but Hunter's Mark is every time.


What do you think, Pike?


Oh, right, of course, let me count up this little amount right here.


Oh, that's cool. Cool and gross, cool and gross.


I'm blinded by tears! (laughter)


This is quite literally the land of literalism at this point.


No. No, don't push your luck.


You guys, we are going to Zadash. Is that what we're saying, we're going to go to Zadash?


It's the Mistake now. We renamed the ship.


There was no box. It was a book wrapped in cloth in the bag of holding.


Great. I guess I will shoot at Orthax.


11 for my elemental.


Shitty people specifically.


Trying to avoid them.


Yeah, do you want--? Pick a dice bag.


It's bound to happen. He's going to secede.


Oh, we're ready.


Full of chemicals.


Any particularly small ones? (laughter)


It's not in my-- I keep it in a box with my armor so the armor won't smell like shit anymore, people. It's not-- is there a problem with a man having lavender in his possession?


A big veiny triumphant bastard.


Yeah, I've got an excellent sense of direction.


And I'm impressed, and from me that's quite a compliment.


I would be ready to. I feel like 50-50 he's turning evil on us.


I don't like the proximity here. Frumpkin's gone, out there. Then once we're in the speakeasy-- sorry, I just ate a cracker.


Allie?


Oh god. Come on, let's go.


Yes, you have?


You're like those Weather Fail videos, you got hit by a tree!


We're out in public, and we're in front of a hotel.


Even if you were, it's--


Are you sure you won't take it?


They're pretty but--


It's a new feat.


We can camp here for the night. We don't have to go anywhere.


Oh, it's an attack roll. Oh, okay.


What is the band, before we do anything?


What abilities are you talking about?


You ruin everything good! You take everything good away from all of us!


That'll make someone's day, eventually.


It must be the morning.


Would I know how fast dragons can actually fly? If it's a two-week trip to get to Draconia from where we are--


I was yelling in the earpiece, fuck it, run!


But not much.


Is there any furniture I can rip apart and we can nail to it real fast?


We could stay here, Caleb.


Oh, wow. Mine's just a jerk.


It's fine!


Ordinarily I would plug Lootcrate right here, but this is too tense.


No, she got away.


I swear to god, if he drops me, I'm going to be so pissed.


Ooh, buddy, what are you doing?


Should you be talking about him out in the open like that?


I'm like, you know, far away.


I think let's take a nap and then maybe go out--


Keyleth would probably have a mountain lion. Keyleth likes cats, and she lived in the mountains, so something native would have been mountain lion-y.


Just be a minute.


Oh shit. If they're casting something, it breaks it?


How easy is it to get back down here, though?


I say  That's a big tornado. I can make a bigger one!


Oh wow, I'm up so soon! Okay, I'm going to start running!


Desmond, dear. Let's go upstairs. Grog! That bed needs to go back up to the guest room.


I told them they could have anything they wanted in the place, free of charge.


Yeah, so are the four things to make a set of seven?


Do you want to go, one more time to the Braving Grounds, Grog, and just--


Sooner or later.


It's a dead end? Jesus. This ain't going to be good. Shale, would you like to lead the way?


Have you seen him?


I will. It will be good as new, right here on the table, folded for you.


But there’s still a gate--


Do you want extensions?


Actually, if everything starts going amiss, I will make the call. Follow me and I will get out of here as soon as possible.


Yeah, yeah, but I mean like--


And I just jump in, woohoo!


I don't give a fuck where we go. Just a shovel and a pickaxe.


I'm like Tony Stark in the Hulkbuster armor. I'm sorry! Go to sleep!


Rattle! Rattle! Rattle!


How much can you stay still?


And then Matt and I emptied out our Ren Faire closets.


Oh, it hits, but I use Uncanny Dodge to try to swoop out of the way as best I can.


We'll try to get her back in one piece.


Can it be fixed?


You're right, we should probably get out of here, maybe.


Don't move, don't move!


I am. How much slack do we have before I start pulling our boat underwater, because I don't want to be that-- kinda thought someone would start--


Riveting.


That's so crazy! They're like floating things?


Do you have means of traveling quickly? We have a friend who is a cleric. Can you get us to her there and back quickly? Or someone who can Tree Stride me there and bring her back? I'm exhausted or else I would do it myself. Please? Please?


Never mind. I'll stick with the original plan. I can't dome him up and go ahead and push him in the water really quick at this point?


Love hurts, Keyleth.


Another 826 in San Francisco?


Which kind of grumpy is Beau?


Well, we could find some public places and just gossip a bit, see if anybody has heard of him, if a friend has died at the circus last night.


Eight hours.


You said dexterity?


Yeah, I think we've already had our fun with the one.


Good evening.


It's concentration for up to a minute, and it has a 500-foot range, and a 100-foot radius. So Pike and I could split, half and half of the tower.


Get your ass in here!


I look at Scanlan and wipe the tree-dick off my forehead.


But it was in my head! But it was in my head!


It's a little late.


Okay, you're super insistent about this, so I'm going to go with it.


It's really pretty.


You guys coming?


Okay. I'll take some of the nice jewelry and stuff like that and the little vial. Are there any other doors or entrances or shoots?


You can make us breathe underwater, right?


The fuck he doesn't. I don't know why we're doing it. I don't know why we're with most of these people! And I love these people, but I don't know why we're doing it! And I just want you to think about a little bit too. And I walk out the door.


Nope, just blind. E'rrybody blind.


I do that. With one yellow eye and one black eye.


Okay, great. That's so nice.


(pigeon coo) I was thinking about it, but it's a lot of the use of the paint because--


What is his type?


And I'll definitely show him the downstairs, and anytime you want to use the workshop downstairs-- it's a bit thin at the moment.


Sneak attack? No.


Then I find Nott.


Craven Head.


That was plus ten.


Yes, your mic is whack.


So it's okay, we popped out. Is the same guy there?


Okay, I'll see you soon--


You want to be a werewolf so bad. You're just saying that because you want to be one so bad.


I also don't like anyone who tries to act like we didn't make our own choice to come in here.


I'll take off my stuff, give it to Caleb for safekeeping, and do you have any butter or anything?


Happy birthday to you!


And have someone comb it.


Oh no! Did we just lose Grog?


Yeah, I'm a little tired.


You want to see if I get-- oh, for the ship. I don't know. That's a--


Ha! Oh, that's a bit much. That's a bit much.


Yeah, okay. I have that.


Those were monsters, jeez. 1d10 plus four, that's eight points on the first one, and that's 14 points on the second one.


Liam, how much was your first attack?


I rolled a 13.


Wait a second, so we're gonna go check out his room to see if we can find clues, but also, who would know? Is there anyone that we know who would know-- would Gilmore know where this guy has gone?


Fried shrimp.


That's my favorite thing you've ever said.


Three hits.


You guys are super easy to lie to, no offense or anything. They lied to them, which means--


I want to shoot a couple of arrows at the pit fiend. Is he under cover?


I definitely hit somebody in the face with one of those rolls.


I don't. I see it and I turn around and I say: Pike, let's get out of here.


(coughs heavily)


All of that movement is making me nervous.


Sure. I'll sneak over to the door and try to unlock it.


I'm going to tie a bandage ever so lightly around one side of the handle onto something on to the other side of the door. If there's something like a lamp or some kind of pipe or something I can tie it to.


A hallway and a doorway?


I'm like, "Ooh, I love me so much. Cure me."


I want something to wear around my neck. Fucking something, all right!


Groon's in Vegas and your ass just came up pineapples.


I don't know, maybe have some padding or mattresses out the first time you use it.


Part four!


You want to try and make a distraction and bring them closer? To us? Then we can jump out of the grass? Do the old "jump out of the grass--"


Does she have that beautiful but messy morning hair that takes two hours to prep for a movie?


Who hasn't heard the legend of Wilhand?


Perception. That would have been ten, again.


Oh shit. That hits.


This is the most exciting map I've ever been handed. Whoa!


I've talked to the Sun Tree. (gasps) I wonder if the Sun Tree is here? Maybe he's got a twin here like you have a twin!


But she can't fire unless she has a--


I'm booking it.


In the walls and in the floors and in the ceiling, is it just the same marble and stone, are there any porous openings or--?


Okay. I tell him to wait there for me.


Yeah. I wouldn't be able to hit it from the land, would I?


Just coming running to go when shit goes down, but don't move.


Does it taste like NyQuil?


What do you think, should I do it?


That's the d8, yeah.


I believe it tastes like a domino.


I love me some rotten fruit.


I think he's rude. And he smells funny.


With one person?!


20 again.


AC is 18.


Him, or me, or both?


What animal?


Oh, that's right! That's even worse.


While she's talking I start to walk away, quietly as possible.


Want to accompany me?


See if it passes the smell test.


One, two, three, four, five--


Yeah! [cheering]


Wait, to get the spider inside the hotel, we'll need a clever disguise for it. A hat, a beard, perhaps.


Okay, got to fix this super fast.


Fuck! I'm sorry. We should have seen them coming, heard them. We just weren't expecting it.


Did you really just do that?


Or it's a third of my level? Still several hours.


Jester, thank you for healing me. I feel like I did not deserve that, but thank you very much.


Aw, really?


Quiet! I can't hear anything Matt's saying.


We are not with the empire. Look at us!


20. Oh, 28. That's good. And then I'm going to cast-- I'm sorry, Hunter's Mark. I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns right at the one in the middle. They're right next to each other, right?


The manse?


Did it distract him enough that we lost our thingy?


Oh no! Well, I'm going to move around him. I'm going to move to his tail. To the pillar, yeah.


I am absolutely not!


God f-- damn it.


Or he's going to have disadvantage on all of his attacks for the next turn.


Knowledgeable, too, about all sorts of things.


I like the feint, I like the feint.


Should we have a run-away word, a safety word, like Oklahoma, or something?


Did you give a timeline?


Western side of the mountains? So Whitestone's to the east?


That's a 31 again.


Just so great!


He doesn't know what a vulture is! (chuckles)


I don't know if she feels that way.


Right on the other side of the door.


And it's Christmas coming up, man.


Can I see through the glass or at the glass or is it above me?


You wanna see?


Wow. But don't you need to know who you're telling it to or something?


What if that was a temple, right?


"P.S., Zahra sends her greetings."


We don't got no crownsguard armor.


This could go worse.


You look exhausted.


Well, it was worth it.


What a time to join the game.


She's depleted.


That was Cabin in the Woods shit.


You have a lot of scars.


It'll be pure, not cut with anything else? I want the good stuff.


Too late. Let's just keep moving, all right? Let's just keep moving.


WheelyFactoids?


That's enough.


At least we've avenged him, in a way.


So I take my Thorn Whip, and I go (whip sound). And I grab him. And I see he's still struggling. So I take another one and I go (whip sound) on the other one. And I just go Spiderman-style.


Not a good option.


This thing's swinging hard. Holy shit.


He's learning.


Using my luck point. All right come on. 20! (cheering)


What's a number bigger than five?


And that's seven.


I'll take a robe.


Oh! Good call, okay! So the injured can stay.


Do we want to kill the king? Do we need somebody alive to help us?


(off screen) Yes, the chat room.


Do. Not. Kill. Got it.


He's hitting it with his dick.


How do we D&D? Plus ten sneak attack.


I walk out of the changing room and walk by, don't even-- just give a kiss on the head. Took you bloody long enough to find us.


We can be very distracting.


With a high velocity.


Does it sound like anything I've ever heard before?


Are we exposed? Like, out?


I'm perfectly content with 40.


You couldn't have used the gate scroll in here.


We're here to help you with your troubles.


Roll twice, or just double my die?


Shouldn't we wait a little?


The rats are not making webbing. There's something else.


Yeah, but we are out of options!


How many stories is the building behind them?


That's real water. And colored lights!


Great. And it can't hit my friends or anything, right? I mean, they're Magic Missiles.


I'm going to take one towel and tear it into shreds, and use it to replace any of my bandages that have worn or fallen off.


Can we do that without any sailing experience?


They might've heard you.


The Ravenites would help.


Move the behemoth away!


What would you do if you actually got what you want?


Where's the stable?


In shifts.


No. What does it look like? Is it like a slate?


I was really enjoying miming reading.


Okay, so I'm going to also put sharpshooter on that.


We left Trinket over there.


What's a waffle?


We'll try to avoid the clusters.


Oh! That's a lot. 12.


Can you see through its eyes like Frumpkin?


Poke and wiggle. Then a flame.


Please!


No, I get my druid shapes back after a short rest.


We should get out of here even though the lizard men are obviously the weaker of the two. Caleb.


We can give you that word.


And can I see her?


Roll for it.


(yelling) 2d12! 11 points of damage!


The whole city, everyone's dead.


On who?


I had a really weird night, too. What happened in your... because, I mean, flight?


Okay, great. Seven points. Okay, yeah. I'll reach like I've never reached before, and say: We're brothers forever. Lifelong teammates. Friends.


I'll go bat!


I'll keep your secret. We'll keep all this a secret. I don't think it's anything to be ashamed of, though.


I take off flying.


You know what, I won't do that right now. I would like to rage.


I'd like to go stealth. I rolled a 20.


Oh, wait, no, it says it. But it's cut off. It says, "DC one". I'm sure there's something after that, but are you talking about just to hit it?


I don't have any fighter things, so that's my turn.


All right, let's do it.


Well, that was crazy. 12.


Let's let the gates open.


She's really strong.


Can I have the light following behind me as I run up?


Oh, that's good! Yes.


Spider-Man.


He's a fucking slacker.


Caleb's still out.


We were working at the festival. We're just trying to get out, man.


I've got a wicked streak, man.


I walk out of the chamber.


They are definitely watching Twitch.


I'm right with Minxy, competing for first place.


Don't you add six, though?


(whistling) Going to have to get back to you. Perception, intimidation, investigation.


Can we see it?


I actually have a Locate Creature spell. I can do it.


As in, don't keep attacking him.


Tell her she has nice boots, Grog.


No, no. It's okay. 16?


You could have it any way you like it. (all laugh)


Who are you? Who do you guys play?


I don't think that's true!


You have sunglasses or anything I could wear? (laughter)


This is a kangaroo court!


Stupid to settle.


Yes! Why don’t we just buy it now, and then we won’t have a line of credit with Gilmore?


I'm an idiot.


What about the rope she had? The lasso?


I look at Cerkonos, and give him a nod, and I say, okay. And I concentrate, and my entire form goes water, and I turn into a water elemental.


She is every hope I have. When I am gone, she will make the world right. She has the intelligence and the savviness and the heart to make real-world decisions. She is me, but better. She is your champion.


I mean, we're all right, right?


Ugh, come on Grog!


(foomphs)


Oh, his body's somewhere!


When we come back, we stay until it's time. When we come back, it is to end this.


Vehicles in water.


She's great.


Okay. We only see the one body?


These are all-- What's the correct term?


I was going to propose like this, but we live in the woods and we don't get this show there. We have no internet whatsoever. No, she knows. She knows. She stupidly said yes, so we'll see what happens next.


That's literally more than my entire tribe owns.


Can you turn into a horse?


Can I try to punch it into place?


Oh. Tton.


How much do people usually contribute?


A horse? Let's go back to the inn and ask Yorda if she knows if Alfield is a big city.


Oh! I have a ring.


Do I still have an action?


How far is it to Zadash?


I didn't even feel it.


Nope! TALIESIN. No.


Oh, light! (snaps)


And I grab Percy around the neck and kiss him on the cheek, and say, "Let's get out of here, you bastard."


You witnessed none of these deaths?


Would I know if when I cast my duplicate, does it make a sound?


Heat don't hurt.


Well, piece of shit is dead, all his fucking cronies are dead.


Action row!


Well, light, sound, gas.


I think we destroy the structure.


Shopping mission, but really I can wait on that one. (all laugh)


Let's just go to the sewers.


The dogs. Shit and piss everywhere. I know you were in our room.


Who's bad?


But we won't encounter as many foes.


I know, and Caduceus, I know your experiences with water have been less than thrilling.


Do you have bamboo? Whatever you have.


I'm never going to-- Wode and Wade?


You're shabby?


Yes, good rolls.


So no free hand. Can I use the hasted action to shove my trammel into his belt?


Yes! I can officially announce as of yesterday that I am one of the new hosts of Gamestop TV. (all cheer)


I'm going to look at Scanlan. Were you expecting this at all?


Can I ask, do I have a bonus action at this point? I'm hasted, and I've done three attacks. Is there time for a bonus action? I don't know.


Never throw out your first draft. You know, never show that.


I think I may have to-- I've spent my luck. I think it may be off to you and then one for you.


Bullshit, bullshit, lotta bullshit. All right, guys, I think it's safe to come into the first room. So you said, because I was being a jackass and saying bullshit, what was the description you just gave?


Yep. I mean, I can make Grog deaf so he won't hear us die. (laughter)


I mean, come on.


But the coin said we should go.


You've never tried hookah?


Are we doing one more round?


Mm-hmm. I'm wrapped in a bedroll.


I run downstairs. (shouting) You can talk to her tonight! We can go back upstairs, come on. I turn back around and go running back upstairs.


So one day for those.


Is it his turn next?


(laughs) Metaphorically...


Is it at least rough? Like, you know, he needs to shave, it's so rough.


Check by the merchants' guild, see our options, and then make the decision from there.


It's too complicated to teach. The accent is very difficult.


Has that vault ever been disturbed in its entire history?


Draw off!


That is my AC.


Get it, get it in him.


(yelps) Okay, it frightens me a little.


She's kind of the best.


Oh. Well.


No? Not so much?


Oh, I guess you found that unbearable!


In character or out of character?


You have to hit the confirm button.


Sleep.


That one, the second one.


Six. I love you, Gil.


They all have a little collection of our blood in vials.


I want to do that.


I metabolize things very quickly, you'd be surprised.


Right there. And see if there's anything in the fire.


Holy fuck, that's a Percy roll. 26 points of damage, four points of psychic damage, and six points of necrotic damage. That's stacking. I'm not breaking it up. All of these are stacked.


Look. Look at me. Just remember. Whatever happens, remember me. That's all that's important.


Scanlan, can you do it with an illusion instead of an actual, physical person? Just an illusion?


Did you hear anything?


I can cast it on more?


Make me a minor illusion of Ripley.


Well, I don't want to close the door to the mansion, but turn out the lights in the mansion so you can't see.


And we get a plus ten?


Can we go get that other fucking letter please?


Like Mr. Ed.


In, I think, holy matrimony?


I'm going to charge after them.


Was ist los?


No. Don't do it!


Well, if this plan gets pulled off, and we help Dolan get in that seat of the High-Richter, than we suddenly have friends in high places. And I love an owed favor.


I'll put it out.


Just taken with the saying?


Also, Frumpkin is going to go five, ten, 15, 20. Like that. Underwater.


Do you have your Dimension Door?


(sings) It's time for a show!


Lentils are here to punish us.


I need another weapon. Just one of the axes is all I need. I don't need both.


Okay. Hello, hello-- kuthok.


There's a main entrance above. But there's also a smaller, little gap lower down. He cannot fit in there.


We will fill that cask with ale.


You are the least we can do to entertain ourselves.


I'm up first.


I hate this bitch!


Yeah, that-- oh, displacer cloak. Did you do that at disadvantage?


So, you rolled low initiative.


Oh, right there? Okay. Then fine, I’ll just unload the gun. That’ll be fun.


We'll keep workshopping it.


I told you the fables were true!


Constitution this time? 20.


One moment, sir. Huddle.


I don't know what you're thinking. It's beautiful.


Oh, that's a six. So eight.


Remember, follow the daggers on the way out, they mark your way.


Well, and Pike.


What. What?! (screams)


I don’t even know what that means!


It's good. I got through a lot of this.


And it has disadvantage on what?


You could use it now?


You can't see this? You can see me, can't you?


(whispering) Lick it!


Yai.


All the artistic--


The things with moving carts of that big a family is they tend to prep. You don't know what kind of people or weapons they have with them.


And there's caves?


Yeah! In more level I get Feather Fall. That would've been nice.


Elemental?


Up north. Northeast to the Solstryce Academy.


Wait, what?


I have to, like, show up an hour early and learn how to play, or we're going to get. We're going to get killed a lot.


Before we go, I have to inspire everyone with this. (laughter)


We know that Raishan's out there, doing something.


What's up, toothy? Bite me.


Oh yes, yes.


Well it lasted between ten and 20 minutes while I got this going, but I am not a boat expert. That's Fjord's MO, so I can't say for certain how long this will stay afloat, no.


I should just stay where I am, right guys?


(inarticulate yelling) Okay.


Smart move, Percy.


That's 4d8 lightning damage on a hit.


Wrong note. Shayne Tranter?


You should be okay. Because of your dope-ass Sarenrae wings or whatever.


How many objects are you attuned to right now?


Not before the next fight, I don't think.


That was a really unique piece you guys just did there. Thank you.


He's got Polymorph.


Nott, I'm very sorry we made fun of you eating children.


It's complex.


28 plus 15.


Let's bamf in.


That was brilliant. I'm done. Sorry.


It's really cute! All wrapped up in a little swaddling blanket!


Shit, I'm a goliath.


It's probably a giant spider.


Are you operating on any sort of a timeline? Might we have a little bit of lenience with how quickly we get this dealt with?


I don't know. I want to ask about my old crew and my captain. Son of a bitch betrayed us and all that. I don't want people to know that I'm alive. When I was back in Port Damali and I went looking through stuff, my mere presence there when none of the rest crew was was enough to get looks. It's what drove me out, so I think I'll be able to discover more if--


I'm still learning the lingo. Getting to know Korren a bit more. Keyleth helped me-- I let a lot of blood and made a small altar to the Raven Queen in Zephra and it's been all flowered and vined out. And while we spent most of our time-- Oh, tattoos, want to talk tattoos?


You can use your reaction to halve the attack's damage against you?!


Okay. I don't want to peek around the wall; I want to ninja dash around, and I want to get up against the wall, peek, and look for anyone who might be coming around that hall.


There's no point at which there is--


I rolled a 20, but I have a negative two initiative.


They did this whole Hungry Hungry Hippos thing.


They're just markings?


I kiss Percy! (all laugh)


And can I ask Pike to heal me, because I look like a game of tic-tac-toe?


So be patient! Rules are coming. It is coming.


All I have is this broken one from Grog.


Frustration's fine.


Which means you're-- Ten.


Okay. So hide your roll from me, because we can't know. So first you have to ante up. How much coin do you want to put in?


Sure, yeah, that'd be fine.


She's telling the truth. (laughter)


So what are we doing? We're going to go shopping for potions, and then we're going to go see Kiki's family, yeah?


What's she wearing right now?


Nah. Not any longer.


Can we roll hit dice at any time during the day?


But you've got inspiration.


Does the Grudge Gang identify themselves in some way? How would we find one?


Does it say on the ledger the company that it came from? Does it say like from Dryer Supply and Co.?


I want to get my second.


Don't do it. No more.


I've never done that before!


But my rope is attached to it and it's dangling next to me. I dropped it when I healed Pike. So it's right next to me, I pulled the robe over to there.


I mean, with Shapechange, I can change down to one of these little weird, eight-winged insects we've seen flying around.


He's stuck in a tornado.


Is that why you're talking so loud?


Our loot.


Let's see here. (counting) That's 21, plus I'll use Fury of the Small. That's 28. I was going to use one of my explosive arrows, but I have three, and one of them doesn't work. So I don't know which one I drew.


Percy and I just fly up and we start firing down.


What do you--


No, he's asleep.


Then Beau, Jester and Fjord in the middle-ish.


Oh, look. I mean, you're not even twinsies about it. You're at different lengths. You've got to even out a bit.


Around that way, and then ten feet away from the wall.


It's Greek mythology!


Reload. Firing again. Also another sharpshooter shot. 23?


Ten and seven.


White gold. White gold. Please. (laughter)


(laughs slightly hysterically)


The sphere can only move 15 feet.


The general's?


Oh, right! Thanks. And do I have advantage-- no one's near him, right?


We will make sure that the plan moves in the direction it is meant to.


It's a language we speak.


Are they regular, or are they greater?


We gotta lotta shit in this bag.


This is a city oppressed. These people did not invite it upon themselves.


What?! This is the biggest card ever!


There's no obvious mechanism for opening it?


He's got 40, so technically he could make it behind that other wall.


Besides, things just seem to happen around us.


I'm imagining a circle of spheres.


So should I go knock on that door?


We should go in the room. We should get in now before he gets away.


I know that I am not in a good position, so somebody come with me to make sure--


Straight up--


Dance harder, dance harder!


No, no, that's fine. I mean, Bigby's Hand couldn't have moved down and gotten Grog and gone back up, right?


We're going into this dangerous--


Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.


We were stealthing, we were stealthing.


For sale?


Either or magic. One of the two didn't affect it.


Professor Anders was my teacher. He was my tutor, and he was in collusion with them, and he was the one that I believe allowed them to take the castle in the night.


Better now. We're good.


Yeah, do that.


Good, good.


Yeah, you go. Come on.


That was dark and angry.


I am, but I might have lost count.


It's less than that. We're 30 feet away now.


I know, I've seen one. You know what happened with me? I got into the guild because...


It's kind of a colloquialism for religious folk. You know what I mean? Like, I hit a death save.


I stand next to Caleb and poke his biceps. Ooh!


They see me-- no.


I got it!


Oh, God, you're really doing it.


Don't worry about it. I'm fine.


We did. We already checked them all


This is not cool, dude.


It was the worst play I've ever seen.


(laughs) What a terrible way to die.


Don't question it. And I take him by the hair. Don't question it. Come back. Right on his forehead.


You're clean; don't worry.


You take less damage.


1d8 is this thing?


Right, so I was a bit younger, and we were wandering through the woods, and we came upon this little old bearded thing, right? And he was carrying groceries, like food and stuff, and everybody was a little hammered from boozing, and they were like, hey, let's kill the little thing, and we'll string him up and see what his insides look like! And normally I'm like, yay, I'll wear him as a hat! But he looked really sweet, and I felt bad, so I said we shouldn't do that. And... They didn't like that answer. My uncle in particular, he didn't like that, so he made me fight my cousin, his son.


I understand. How do I know that what you have to offer is worthwhile?


Wait, so it's like a mirror image, the top and bottom?


I'm on a broom, do you want to ride it with me? Just kidding-- Percy's already on.


Go along with the group?


Yeah, that's easy.


Yeah, where the water elemental is.


Yours.


He's such a teddy bear.


We could all be dead.


I go and grab a shitload of chicken and start shoving it in my mouth.


Okay. Is he peeking off, like if I shifted around, would I be able to see a little?


(choking noise) Big 11.


Higher still  the sphinx.


I'm down to 39 hit points.


You should be fine.


Aerodynamic, isn't it?


Overlord, Overlord.


We're all going to fall and die in it, it's going to be great.


Yeah, yeah. Wow.


(clopping sounds)


Okay. So then theoretically I can have a concentration spell up and be like, kill that thing, and they won't overlap?


They don't know where we are yet. We killed everybody.


Git!


It's a lot of running water, though. I think they're all right with rain.


Extreme.


I'm the only 20?


I also want to see if there's-- does it look like people have been in here recently?


Just doing this?


Athletics... is that strength? That's just five.


Maybe we throw her overboard.


Tooma, is Vorugal having you collect all of this?


I do?! Hit it again! (spraying)


The top sheet is gone from the bed.


I've also got a distance attack. I'm going to use Devil's Tongue on the one that just survived your hit.


Four-eight?


But this beholder... ... was using an artifact, a horn. Emanating darkness and shit. And Tiberius, in the heat of the battle, ripped it from its pate. And we brought it back with us.


So I will cast Bigby's Hand. And I will gently lift them up and cup them as I pull them up from the muck.


I come over to my sister with two big mugs of ale and hand one to her and say, here, don't swallow the first one, just swish around and spit it out, then the rest.


Sure, I'm a little man, and it might help me in a fight someday if I ever lose.


I'm going to try and shoot about right here, I'm gonna try and unleash the lava to send the lava-- to see if I can get it to start flowing towards. Does that make sense?


And we're stealthing? Ahead?


No, but I can shit on things. Yes?


Oh, god. That was awful. That's okay. So, yeah. Good. You can move on, sorry.


No! He drove her crazy with love! And she killed herself because she couldn't be with him!


I did an investigation check.


But you know what, that's totally fine! 200 gold is really generous of her!


I've missed you guys so much.


Put that one away for a while.


I believe in you, Philip.


Preemptive jenga.


Everything's going wrong.


He's this really creepy guy who was trying to get with her, and she's like, "I don't know," and then he's like, "You're only going to be mine!" She's like, "I don't like that," and now he's threatening everybody else that wants to see her.


Lying sack of shit.


Well, if we're really amused by it, we just set off the light crystal that's in there and let it blind itself in there for a while. That would be funny. We have bigger problems. Diamonds. And Delilah.


You're so heal-y, yeah!


For nothing.


No, we should just run up!


I will use an action surge and start turning back into a normal human then.


Yeah. Yeah!


Do we have Trinket with us?


That's real.


And take the survey if you have a moment!


I would like to run up to its right side and flank it.


Frumpkin scrabbles up onto Nott's shoulder.


Oh, Pike! Oh.


I should ask her her name, you know. I'm going to be right on her in a second.


Like the powerful urges.


Not at all. Hunter's Mark! I did it, I swear!


Oh, I'm taking two more shots, then. Sharpshooter shot with Retort. No, it's different. 16.


Okay, I'm going to do something stupid. I'm going to grab the rope. I'm not going to rappel, I'm going to grab about-- How high are we up?


(deep breath) It is the Sword of Kas.


Hey, so deep! Okay, I'm going to pop pop. My two strikes-- oh, wait, that's a die damage. First two strikes! First one is a 21, second one is a 16?


The toad went due north? Like straight into the water?


I don't know what--


It had backward hands, so I do that because it's weird.


(laughing) 16. Does that count?


That's a bit obvious.


(singing) How much is that doggy in the window?


He was adorable. It was so adorable watching him. Oh, god.


(whispers) Be very quiet.


I can't count, my brain.


There's no right answer here. It's just--


No, that's two, isn't it?


We're in jail.


I'll send the hand back out to try the handle again.


This food is really good.


I have good news  your favorite chewing gum--


The Lady's Chamber.


Presumably, there are people in Shadycreek Run who would love to see them dead.


Get back in the cart! Get in the cart!


Wait, I can only smite once per round?


(sings) For you and for me and the entire adventuring band.


The 20 carries over one, right? (laughter)


Do you want to come with us, Pike? Do you want to be with the skull, Pike, or do you want to go talk to Uriel?


I've tagged along, by the way.


I guess. Wait, where’s Yasha? Yasha’s here?


I follow up and stand next to him. Did you want to go in?


The third.


Total of 13.


Bow bow bow!


Kern. Kord's strength to you, my friend.


I am going to walk on over to Kima. Touch her. Cast Greater Restoration again.


Lower the inboard motor! Fire at--


Don't touch it to him.


No, let's not make a scene. I'm going to look for signs to look for the sorts of people who are walking around, if there seems to be a flow of traffic, if people seem to be going in a direction, coming from a direction.


What about Trinket? Trinket's got a really good sense of smell.


We can also put some beds out in the workshop which has now been vacated.


No, I'm gonna stay right here.


Teleport! I don't know, can't you teleport or something?


Might still be useful.


Uh. To Westrunn! Huzzah!?


Let me make sure Pass Without A Trace is not concentration.


We have a wonderful tinkerer. Quite talented. And he's creating something to trap the dragon.


What? I am the greatest detective of all times! I poured one drink, and I solved the case! (laughter)


Yeah. I like that you brought Yasha aside and then all of us just--


Wait, using what?


Oh! Well, yes. Nothing I-- Anything I should know about?


A lot of magic wielders.


I'm sort of in the wat-- at the beach right now. Well, not in the water, but I was wondering if you're singing tonight or if you're singing tomorrow--


And I don't believe they are going to bend the knee to Thordak. I don't believe it.


Sorry, I thought that was hypothetical and that we were-- talk about that later, which we should do.


I don't want to talk about it out in the open. But you know there was some illicit--


And I'm going to take two shots at that soldier in the corner, that guard.


Oh my goodness gracious.


I'm just going to remember that.


And I have the remnants of several bottles of liquor. I'm quite pleased.


That is magical, in that it is very finely crafted. But it doesn't do anything expect cut me across the chest quite deeply.


Before we knock him out, should you make sure that whatever he tells people is truly fearsome? But not too descript about us?


And then the flametongue dagger.


Sorry, Wode.


They're Batman pajamas.


Helped him a little bit?


Yeah, Fjord!


Well, that won't help me at all.


What does it look like?


Do you have water?


I know, I'm just as depressed that it is as you are.


They're very good, I promise.


Bigby's Hand? Bigby's Hand!


Everyone's done their stuff.


I'm ready.


I'm going to bonus action heal myself, Healing Word level two. Okay, two of these. So that's nine points.


What does he have?


Right above his face!


But it keeps them from going back.


I'm so proud of you! That was amazing!


On check traps, sorry.


No, I was tempted to see if it was anything-- We've got him on tax evasion. (laughter) I was hoping we would find a person in there, I'll keep digging. Okay so first shot I'm going to burn a Grit for a torso push.


Okay. I'm sorry. I'm an asshole.


I'll go first.


But how can we because we can't leave this tavern?


Okay, I'll shift to my left. (singing) To my left, to my-- yeah.


I think this might have been covered, but how did the campaign start?


We're about to get attacked.


Eat shit, knock shit over.


All the timesies?!


Not magic.


Yeah, I do a little Gust cantrip and put a little of the censer smoke under the door. I'm like an oscillating fan.


Can I follow him for a moment?


Then I'm going to move along the wall further. Yeah, like that.


How big is the river?


Percival and his technology.


I cast my bonus action inspiration on Keyleth.


Okay. I think it's kind of bullshitty.


That looks heavy, so first, you hold that. Have we found everything? Also, while all that was going on, I was looking for a jagged cross with two crescent moons in it.


I heard "We're gods!" before she hit.


Your extensions look good, but I feel like that is...


Oh, is the visual still on Matt?


The longer we wait, the more things are coming.


Okay. Do I show them how? Am I first mate-y enough?


Nope, nope. 23 plus-- I wasn't even adding-- I was so excited about the sword damage I was forgetting my rage damage.


All right, I will-- I go up to Grog and I tell him: Grog, I'm going to tell you some words of wisdom that I learned from a book once. A wise man said, "The man who hast smelted verily didst also dealt it."


Or I could use my-- okay.


I'm gonna have to try again later. Okay, that's fine. It's on the list. That was a terrible roll.


Vel'ena. Vo'el'ena.


I have the lavender.


I hadn't thought of that. You know what? There's no leader of Vox Machina, so maybe there won't be in the Darrington Brigade. Well, besides you. You're unofficially-- you're definitely the treasurer.


But like, that's really big. How?


No indication of what kind of a creature it was?


Bye, Vaxy.


Arms, arms!


So can mine, baby. (laughter)


I stand up and I head towards the sleeping quarters and I just say, "Leave her to stone tonight, we'll deal with it tomorrow." And I go to bed.


We don't ever mention ourselves.


Did you already do the shirts?


So I'm gonna see if it hits. I'm gonna use the blazing bowstring. That's a 22.


To look at another player's hands.


Are you famous?


Vex was leading the way, she knows where to go.


Good game.


Soon, but not now. Let's go.


Fucking old magic.


What happened with Lord Sharp? Did he cause too much of a stink?


Captain Damon--


I take it, yeah.


So it's up to you where you'd like to be.


Hmm.


There's a prisoner here?


There's a dog too.


Ten. [groaning]


Do a little pat down.


My brain's turning into applesauce.


I'm kind of impressed.


And those were all great weapon master? That's fucking awesome!


Oak, mahogany, rosewood.


This whole time?


It's very loud.


That is so sad.


Oh, I'm sorry, do you two not know each other super well? You seem like you do.


Well, then you're welcome.


Hold on, it's not been a minute. All right.


Yeah, are they still dildoing on your fingers?


Strength modifier? He got a 15, too.


At advantage?


Books!


All right, do that.


They made her the most amazing quilt!


Because I'm so close?


Does a little come up and he swallows it back down?


We do that at some point, throughout the week.


I'd really like, you know, pretty. I'm going to be carrying it, I'd like it to match my outfit.


Do we put two gold in, or some silver?


Also, I'm going to cast Eyes of the Grave. I'm going to do this a couple times.


Use your earring.


You know, there's been no time to talk about this. I mean, we get to--


And there really is another world.


The one closest to you.


No. No! I mean, I wear, like, ears and fingers and toes around my neck, but you can always accessorize some more, fuck, shit! I'm the only one that walks around with alcohol on me all the time, anyway.


We couldn't help but overhear that you were asking for some aid. How long were you thinking you might need these replacements?


Yeah, yeah, oh.


Janet.


It's the danger area.


No, it's not worth it. Look, do you want to hold the sword?


(gasps) Let me see!


I don't believe that will happen. You're going to live a long life. Yes. And you will love again. And you will lead. And you will be loved, because who cannot love you?


Ugh! I'm fine!


A white dragon? Would I know? I would know, because I've studied them.


Your Wheel of Mending, perhaps?


Well, you have to choose. At the start of each turn--


Well, they're not, there are people dead down there.


Is it a guard cherub?


Gale?


I don't know how this works. My daughter taught me this spell; I've never used it before.


What was he-- Just trying to be a god, is it?


We're here because there's a council thing?


We're not all good yet; we're trying to do good. There's gray in the middle.


Did you mention us or anything else?


That actually hits me.


(whispers) He's got a crush on you, I can tell.


We had bad rolls on important things!


How do we get there?


I mean, hold on to it in case we run into Scanlan again.


As we head out, I run over to Keyleth and say, try not to be too jealous! And I give her a smooch and then I chase after the gang.


We're doing the bee tour.


That's probably not going to hit. Let's see. 14.


I told you, it's the jam.


Skyfuck!


Tolkien would be proud, Matt.


No! Not at all.


What's young? Teenager?


This is the lucky one.


19, 13, and seven.


You're a bad man! [no audio] (laughter)


Wait, that was against Grog?


Yeah, that's what she does with money. And I'm saying, we've had our differences, and I know you're stronger than me and I'm saying as strong as you are, that's as good as she is with shiny.


Well, some of us could slip in anyway, but what do you think we will find there?


Shit! Not ready for this!


Gynosphinx.


I would like to trip Vax. (all laugh)


Can I do an insight check on Asum?


So the change in the wall's about 60 feet, but the wall from our hiding spot is how far away from us?


It's reclaimed, it's very nice.


Do you not know how old you are?


Ranged attacks.


In his custom, 'no' means 'yes, I crave it deeply'.


I am clicking my Boots of Haste.


I mean, I'm not opposed, but.


I'll walk around and see if there's a way through the gate that's hidden.


O Captain! My Captain!


I don't know. Did you do your hair differently today?


Since Pike wasted his sorry ass.


Aw, that's exciting.


I feel like there was a thing. I'll have to keep reading.


Flying carpet gold?


Well, I don't need it. He doesn't need it.


Yeah, that would be good!


Yeah. Mm-hm.


No hard plans. Well, let's wake up this son of a bitch.


It's fabric!


Chasing him around the room.


Yeah, but you just gave damage to Vecna, right? Did he maintain his concentration, Matt?


Let me set it here. I haven't figured out how to wear it exactly, but I will.


Shit! 12.


Meld into Stone.


I don't know what to do. And I'm running out, I don't know what else to do.


Good for you. You get a doughnut.


That's a big gun to pull out right after you gave me a little bit of libation.


Like the trolls.


Gonna get smackdown.


Not to be greedy, milady, but what's the story with that ruby shield? (laughter)


They look like they're in use?


Can we see any sort of civilized construction here? Or is this all the work of nature or some living thing?


And as a symbol of our dedication to you, I'd love to play you just a little bit of a song that might heal some of those wounds and scrapes that you seem to have all over your body.


Yeah. There's a bunch of old clothes. It smells awful down here.


Yeah, that's good.


We have potions, now. We're out of the magic--


Oh no, that's a DC character.


Are you good to sneak? I'm going to bless you.


Jacking in.


That eagle form really made a difference.


Right. Don't get emotional.


Hey, search that shit, Vax.


It's like half a mile.


Not... As my elder. He stopped by as my respected elder. Do you all remember the name Raishan?


Is it a tree?


Investigation or perception? You said perception?


I love my portrait so much.


I'm sure you have ideas.


I think we have enough to buy everything if you guys want.


We've heard that before.


I want to see if there's an inscription.


Someone back home? That's so nice.


She's right above the throne.


Invisibility?


It was very impressive. Good job, Grog!


Drop some pain.


Do we get to work with another leader next time?


Not you in per se, but if we show up as representatives here to dismantle the machine?


Oh my god, that guy is going to be so--


Does Keyleth lose the benefits of the Heroes' Feast since she retched it all over the ground?


What about the hamster ball?


So that's two?


While they were gone, I, with Fenthras and Whisper, was playing make-believe archer Vex, like a 12-year-old in the bedroom with a Nerf bow.


Long rest.


Because we're just six?


Yeah, okay. So I got two daggers in my hands, and they spin around in my hand, and I just start beating him in the head.


What's he rolling for?


It's so gross.


The spiral staircase.


It's an outside factor. That's fine. I'm with you.


Nope, I'm back.


KuTHOK. You're right.


Fuck, can I give him advantage, can I help him?


Maybe it's a mating call.


-- I've come forward enough, I'm gonna take a shot at one of these guys, then.


We should get out of here soon though because guards could be coming.


Yes! Yes! Yes!


And I stay there.


Lode liquid.


I'm going to go around the darkness. Around it, counter-clockwise, to see if I can see around the other side without going into it.


I'm going out.


A 20. Total.


A lot of them.


Yes, yeah, so I have a half a mask that covers my goblin face, and with the hood over, kind of obscures. Maybe it's not a goblin, maybe it's a little halfling person or something.


Oh, okay. That's an eight. Maybe 11, I don't know. Do I add Jack of All Trades?


Then before the end of my turn I'm going to (snapping) and Schmidt silently comes up as close as he can get next to me.


Bony dragon!


Oh, finishing blow.


I can alter their shape. I can melt, I can do something with them.


If you rolled a one, there's nothing I can do anyway.


Do you want to do this together?


Goddamn. I don't know what to do, man.


It's almost healed.


You know!


Hey, what's the darkness right next to me? Is there a door there? What is that?


Except what happens when they get up there?


You can teach me the language?


Can you bonus action anybody?


Well, he just...


--who tells our story.


One of the books was about debate. One was a spell book.


I'll do the same. On the opposite wall.


May I cast Suggestion?


My AC is 18.


Not forever.


So that's 48 hit points healed!


It's a terrible idea, but go for it.


I was stealthing so hard, I'm playing with the McElroys right now.


Awesome. Look at all this money!


Help with type of plants, whether or not it's getting south, east, west. Not north. Most probably south.


Well, we got the contract. We completed it within three days. Now, we have to get back.


Will it? I thought they only fly over every few days.


It's getting really weird. You can tell it's such an outlet for us of the creative team. It's got a lot of meta things going on, reflecting our day-to-day lives. It always has been. It's great.


To say that we've been here awhile or something?


Want to play hacky sack?


Jesus, well, I'm Cutting Words-ing it, but it's not going to do much unless I roll a lot. I'm going to Cutting Words him with a lovely limerick.


Yes, and now we're going to turn left.


As long as you just stay out of the way and don't break your concentration, you can keep turning us in and out?


Felicia Day, that's not nice!


And it's probably about 1000 because I can't count to 5000.


Is Vax in the room?


(whispering) Should I ask if they're the Gentlemen? (shouting) Good to see you, Gentlemen!


Could we be hidden from them? Would there be a way to cloak ourselves from their understanding?


It's a bit her fault.


Is this the ultimate fight of like--


Yeah, I can. I can.


No, but like just the materials, not the time to make them, but just the materials. Because one of the materials in making TNT is diatomaceous earth. And if it's micronized diatomaceous earth, that means it's actually an insecticide.


However, if we were-- hm.


Yeah, no, I already knew that. It's fine. You did good. You did good. I reach down and I help him on his feet. How bad are you?


Maybe!


We are in an intimate relationship with Wyrmwood Gaming and if you go to wyrmwoodgaming.com and use the code "critrole," "critrole," you will get free shipping on these beautiful boxes. They hold dice.


It wasn't bad. It was only a couple minutes. Better than L.A. [static]


Can you? I'm like 200 plus.


I'm going to start probably talking to fish at some point in the near future.


There was a booby trap set by Avantika! But I found it and disarmed it! It's all right. We're safe now.


Today! Later today.


You're going to go back to the temple.


No, the human skeletons that were down.


I rolled a 12. Or no, it was seven plus five and then my rage modifier.


I'll take watch.


Well, just. Approach. Like one would. Approach.


That was in Pike’s room?


Yes, we've done the final turn, so we could try and push towards the island, but we're going to have to beach it.


Yeah, because I'm at advantage because I'm going before them.


It's a good book!


I didn't know that. That's cool. Maybe we can get him out?


Do you think I seem noticeable?


Batman card, so. Batman's out.


Wonderful! How many days, give or take, do you think it might take to accomplish?


Wait, like a Robin Hood hat? Like Peter Pan!


I'm the one who's already touched by demonic forces. I think I can resist the temptations of the second and third pact.


There was a storm three hundred years ago.


It was this big weird rhino-y thing with six eyes. I tried to talk to him, but he just didn't want to listen, and I swear, he almost fucking killed me. I didn't want him to know--


I toast to celebrating the end of the world with the best friends we could possibly have.


Ooh. 2d4 + 5 and 5? Or 2d4 + 5?


It's very phallic, but sword.


I have a plus 13, plus advantage.


Okay. I'm going to Channel Divinity  Turn Undead.


Let's see, let's see.


He's not talking right now.


Doty, look at me.


Bye, Goldie. (fake-cries)


Yep, that whiskey's working. Ready? We're going to do this together.


Thank you, chat room.


And it'll probably get a chance to be unrestrained as soon as it's his turn.


Yeah, do you want me to hang outside?


Before I touch it, this doesn't react poorly to people handling it, does it? There's no--


I do, I do.


No, (laughs) it would take them quite some time to arrive. But they've negotiated tougher deals than this.


No, I'm going to find him so that I have somewhere to live because I'm not allowed to be at the house anymore.


Wait, why? What?


She's making arrows?


Wonderful. I'll move my bed down there.


Let's all push.


I’ll cast Mage Hand to slap Percy in the face.


Now we need to find some diamonds.


It's a webbing!


No, you're fucking staying in that cell, and if things go bad upstairs it won't matter if you're in there or not.


(heavy quick footsteps)


Somebody asked how we pick the character class that we picked. When we first started this game, and I said, "hey, it's my birthday, I wanna play a game." Laura really likes rogues as well, but I made sure that as fast as I fucking could.


Seven minutes in kraken.


Afraid? I'm not afraid of anything!


Beautiful "turquaz."


You're from Felderwin?


Oh, their troupe? The troupe name? Oh man, I wrote that three years ago. I have no idea.


Okay, I will, Grog.


Dying is not dead though.


Molly, that's your tab, right?


Are you drinking every random cup or are you pouring them all into one cup?


Or you sign it and then the next time you come across some soldiers of the Empire, they have you executed for treason for running off on it.


I get we doubled back, but it would help the visual, I think.


Frankly, my dear! I am Uncle Randy.


Sing, Sam! Sing!


Whitestone is also somewhere we could arm ourselves more completely against something like this. We're going to have to start--


That is not cocked. I rolled a one and a two.


And I pull it back out.


(Picard voice) Engage.


I do too!


I was wrong. It only emits light when there's undead around.


How big is that spider?


Fjord, you want to go shopping this week, yeah?


We're like an 80s B-level fantasy movie right now.


I did take it. Right? I use my hand. I do have that jar of beads.


How high did it jump?


Oh, that's so cool!


Yeah! Does everyone want to chip in a little bit of gold?


I'm shit.


What if we don't want the whole kit, just the grapple part of it and the rope?


Scanlan's going to Disneyworld!


We get a candied apple, okay?


I do; I wish to speak to the warden.


That is a good idea, Fjord. Also, Fjord, congratulations on this, your most auspicious day.


They serve the dragon?


I gave you a little bourbon! I'm a lady. I gave you some booze. The least you could do is afford us the benefit of the doubt.


Dottie.


But I thought he takes down two when he's dead?


We avoid the tree a little bit and just keep going straight.


Oh, I thought you meant us, because we're right here. We can hear you.


Does this make noise? Will it vibrate the ground?


Another one what?


(whispering) My gloves come from the heart of a ruined primordial titan. So if maybe they harvested pieces of my gloves, and it's in a temple, I don't know, you smart people could do something with that.


Hide? Why is everyone hiding?!


I'm going to do something. This is all fucking concentration, so I can't do shit. I'm going to go up higher.


It's just a bird.


Oh yeah, I want to see this.


I missed everything.


I mean, you can't feel bad about it.


We have to be in the room!


You might bring our ship down with it, Keyleth.


Make an investigation check?


Keyleth, it's right here! It's right here! It might be poisonous water; I'm not sure what it is. Can you hear me? It's right here.


You're up at the top of the tower?


Pour.


Never mind! I'm not working on it anymore! (laughter)


Not happy.


It's the Traveler.


I say  Scanlan! Catch Trinket!


It was a nice day earlier.


Hey.


That I thought that was for going back the other way. We want to know if something comes behind us?


Actually, I'm going to do Lightning Arrow because that gets everything within ten feet.


But not when we have to do something tonight.


Any good bottles of wine or brews laying around?


Pink hearts, yellow moons.


Oh, don't talk about her girl that way.


You're a moron!


Oh, you do? Oh, yours is nice.


Thank you, we're very sorry!


That's 17 points of normal damage, four points of necrotic, one point of psychic.


And a pot, and if you break it, there's five coins.


Do we see any other openings?


It was all tongue in my ear the whole time! (laughter)


Can't predict this one.


Let's just go ahead and roll-- That's the to-hit. So let's just go ahead and roll damage now.


So you're a champion? Are you a champion of Ioun?


Okay, thanks.


Yeah. Guided Strike is for myself, War God's Blessing is somebody else.


I'm so tall. All right.


Nott, I think you're too young to be watching this. You should come sit with me over here.


A really long one.


I am not going to have a sip of that right now. Definitely sometime, but--


I don't know why!


No. You used me. You used us. And my fear that I had originally appears to be true. A lot of this is my fault. I'm willing to accept my onus. The fact that you can't shows all the kind of person that you are. My promise still stands. I'm thinking it might come sooner rather than later.


Before my sister leaves, I grab her by the arm and say, "Listen to me--" (creaking)


And there was a dagger that came with it.


We're not looking good.


I just bought it. It's in the bag.


I think it is. 11.


Plank King, if I may. My ears, though pointy, can only stand a certain amount of dishonesty. I would prefer to cut through the bull. There are those of us among us who can make sure that the truth is spoken here. I would beg of you to allow that to happen now.


I'm staying where I am!


I like the spiking idea.


What labor was he doing?


Yes, that’s what we’re saying.


A lady, in fact.


I call out up there  Captain, your quartermaster is under attack.


I might be able to, actually, yeah.


Okay. What did we do wrong the first time?


Vex dies.


(gasps), are you a wizard? We've met a few wizards. No, are you a sorcerer? Because you don't look like a druid. This doesn't look like natural magic. What?


(stuttering) Why?


So, yeah.


I can imagine it would be, yes.


Now it's angry.


It's going perfect! It's going perfectly. We are still on the rails. It is working.


Percy, did you find anything in the cave?


Yeah, he might have to do Pike's, too.


So three total that we know about.


There's two more.


(slightly less bad flute playing)


I'm going to go over to the one by Beau.


I know. As soon as I said it, it was really creepy.


Trust Vex!


Yeah. Big things go down.


All right. I walk back about 15 feet, and I go (shnk-shnk). Throw daggers at it.


To Sarenrae.


Rage running! (frantic noises)


I was about to say, is it in any way that going to give her a little cover, at the very least?


That's someone who was drunk at night and was like, "Let's just do this thing!"


That, I think, is the door where it opens.


Oh, thanks. That's very good. Okay, great, I am almost tip-top condition, thank you. I have a blister.


You could bring it down there.


Is everybody okay to keep going?


That's my entire life, but this is the last moment.


Face, in his face, and the next was an 18.


Blast it. Gone.


Oh wait, no! No, I did the math wrong, it's ten. I'm drunk, guys!


I could go earth elemental, go into the walls, collapse tunnel A. You guys make a run from it. I can earthglide through the walls, get to the middle as soon as you guys get through, and collapse second tunnel. But it might take a little bit. I don't know.


What are you doing? Why are you holding--?


Wow, wow, vacation destination right here.


Yeah, excellent.


What's it do, what's it do?


I'd like to take Craven Edge and jump up, straight up, as high as I can and drive it straight into the top of its cavity and just drag it down and open it up like a beautiful bouquet.


Oh, would you look at that.


Yep, yep, I need another drink, don't you?


Yeah. You got a nice face. It's good for presentory purposes.


Yes! That's real good.


I will also add that we can leave them with something.


She doesn't know Fort Daxio. She doesn't know any of that.


And I want to look in the direction we want to be walking.


I love Laura bailing so fast.


I'm John Cena.


It was like (mimics Matt)


Yeah, I know how.


Let's try to move stealthily, for a little while. Or should I just drop it and cast Pass Without A Trace right now?


Locks me--


I wouldn't mind a few people being scared of us, too.


Nine. That's the six?


I agree with you 100%.


I built Keyleth a special staff, ages ago.


Poise, grace, confidence, she is amazing.


It doesn't matter, I just want the iron. Whatever I can, I--


Never mind, I'll be fine.


Yes, I'd say so.


I don't think I do. I'm a new body.


Eugh, fuck, it smells down here.


Yeah. Originally this was supposed to be a three-hour show, but it never quite made it that way.


It's the giant! It's the undead giant!


Jeez Louise!


Ah. I will assist you.


If it's hit by lightning it should be fine.


I look around. Is there Vecna anywhere to be seen?


Yeah. I didn't say, I also had the idea-- you know, you and I meeting and teaming up has been a good thing.


And to what end, again? We're going to see if there's any random diplomats left over?


You're so good at it, Nott!


Will you put Fjord towards me?


Thank you. It's good to see you again.


Give her one more good poke.


Is that another name for your penis?


Extremely useless.


(whispers) Would you rather wait until they are sleeping in their beds before we did this?


Where's my stealth?


Let's sleep.


What if I stand next to Jester instead? And risk my life.


Can he get to the guy?


It's still stunned, yeah.


Gentlemen, we need to move.


Ew. Like, if you swallow cod liver oil, you vomit? Yeah?


Should we cut open these giant gators and see what they have in their bellies?


You know what? Just buy them and then return them after the show's over. (all laugh)


I could do that.


What did he just say?


Is this also for people flying?


I walk over to Kaylie. And I say  my dear Kaylie, I'm sorry if we got off on a weird foot. I have that effect on people sometimes, especially--


Thank god. Yeah, no, not very good.


Down.


Or we can Plane Shift.


I can just wrap myself in my robe.


Scanlan Shorthalt.


They say the stuff we had is A-plus.


I knew a goliath in Whitestone Who lived in a very, very fine home 'Til one day a wizard, or maybe a large lizard Burned it and left him alone.


We still have one more stop before the evening's done.


I think you're allowed to be there.


With wax?


Bye guys, have fun in Florida!


So we just have a wonderful evening where we eat too much, we drink too much, we dance and we all look fabulous.


My only errand is to keep my eyes on you.


Natural 20! Yasha rolled a five.


Shale, Shale. The scouting party. Where did you find the bodies? Where were they left?


Gets two attacks because of bestial fury. Jeez. Okay, I'm going to roll my Trinket dice now. Don't kill me now. Okay. I don't even know. 16.


We'll look it up on the break.


Oh, for myself, do you have any spell scrolls, or any sort of one-use items that I could use in a fight or a tangle with some bad chaps?


He's immune to grapple.


Well, I just know that I tried to have a response from my god down below and she didn't really respond the way I would have liked for her to. But maybe things will be different. What were you going to say?


Can you message the others?


Here-- I'm sure it was somebody who murdered children, you know? It was probably a major arsehole.


Open the jaw, just stand.


Oh, I should have disguised myself first. I leave. Go literally right around the corner and disguise myself, and I come right back in.


16 rites of passage.


If I say, hey, I found these guys, and I walk with you guys all the way to the prison?


Scanlan, does he speak true?


Do I-- (laughs) I'm scared to ask it. Okay. What am I rolling? What am I adding?


No. This here.


What? It gets better!


I don't think the secret to defeating Thordak is moving this thing.


We can have her stand on one shoulder each--


That's great, because that's how I attack.


(singing) It's the last midnight.


Okay. (giggles)


That's cool. That's some Bruce Lee shit.


It didn't help.


I could have done that last time?


I'm grateful for you, and I always will be. And I'm grateful for any second that we have left. And I don't want to spend any more being angry at you. And I'm sorry that I was.


Hi. My name is Vax.


Bryce despises the Dwendalian Empire, thinks they get no support being so far south from the Dwendalian Empire. He's not from this region. And then I wrote down ‘Broken Veil’ and ‘Bluffs’.


How do we get to the forge? There's no trees there.


Yeah, we do! We've got Pike!


What am I doing, deception? Ten. So I have to tell the truth? I have no idea, I'd literally forgotten because I'm a little drunk and I'm really preoccupied right now.


Well, I figured we were just outside the door.


Beau, get me some too, Beau! Get me some, too.


Winging it.


Broad Barn. I was fucking with you.


I use all my hit dice when I heal, because of Tough, right? There was something I got.


Take off your pants and walk away.


It wasn't cool when Arnold said it.


But the 19 we can heal to?


Oh, just the 20!


I turn around and see him. Is he just standing there?


Silversilt.


Dagon. Dagon?


He also touched mine, and I rolled a three.


Are we going to try this crazy shit?


It is exactly who I am.


We have no mission at this moment, but we may call on you shortly after we return.


You guys should start a band. Like a boy band or something.


This is why you buy medium healing potions.


Thank you so much. Where we're from, usually when purchasing such a great and expensive item, room service is included. I'm assuming we have somewhere to stay for the night?


There's fluid. Do I hear a heartbeat?


Can anybody do an attack of opportunity?


So the idea behind this is that if we sleep in a field or something, nobody's going to come and take us off to be tortured in the night.


From when we got the bag of jewels?


And I'm going to make my third attack. So everyone knows that things have gotten back to normal.


Cling clang, clung clung!


Balls. So that's dead, too?


I've never stolen anything!


Where's Zanror?


First one! That's an 11.


Can we insight check this motherfucker?


Wherever we go, I'm going to bury my head in the map and walk behind everybody like a total tourist.


You should write those down, they're really important.


Indeed. It would give us no greater pleasure than to get out of your hair.


It's the evil.


You did this last time. You're not human!


All right. 12, and I will do a second attack as well.


No, actually, I'm going to scoop up some of those pieces of rotted meat and put them in my pockets.


A lot of ball bearings! Can I take it and-- you know how you can take your pocket and flip it inside out? And have a bunch of ball bearings go (metallic clinking) across this way?


19-- sorry, ten. It looked like a 19 upside down.


Yeah. Oh, disadvantage, too?


They have multiple eyes.


Well, I don't know how we're going to get the king out of the castle, but yeah.


Oh, I have nine hit points.


One of each.


I feel like I don't know if I want to keep doing this.


Are you allergic to Frumpkins? Oh no!


We could live, sure, we could live. We go hide in the woods. Go back to picking pockets and pulling scams on people. You know that I want more than that.


Many structures like this-- We won't have to, maybe, do any of that. If we could just, merely bend the structure, I believe that would compromise the magical integrity. Usually structures like this are designed for a particular arcane reason. If we were to merely damage it, Grog you could just as you do to most things.


Well look, we've got to make a pit stop at the temple of Sarenrae, anyway. Why don't you at least join us, and then we can at least go back to Greyskull keep for dinner, because we also have to drag this prisoner back there. It's along the way.


Yes. That's okay. 17.


Exactly, yeah. It's good. All right.


I did.


But they've got wyverns policing, right, in Westruun?


Oh, all right. Fancy cloak.


(gasps) Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark?


Can I help him look?


Through the gates.


It's very sexy.


A bedroll is not too bad.


Okay. We'll do some math.


She has her own jingle.


Oh. Sorry, Grog. The fight's over.


That's great. You know what? I have something I think that you would be deeply interested in, maybe.


You're absolutely right.


Which we awkwardly go in the same direction. It's like when you say bye and then "Oh, are we--? Okay, we wait 30 seconds. One, two--"


Hey, that adds up.


You didn't have to-- maybe let me choose when to tell people--


Okay. So then I'll take my first roll, which was two. And then I will add my wisdom saving throw number, which is ten, so I have 12.


6d8. Oh shit, I need d8 for this. Do you have d8s?


I'm just going to throw one, and just to check, I'm hidden, yeah?


It could be good; there's nothing wrong with being hungry.


Because he's always almost about to die.


This is more work than we put in hiring our first castle guards.


(sighs) I choose my buddy Pike.


Oh. (singing) Can you open it up?


We were afraid of that.


We're all teeny.


And what was the name of the original order you were a part of?


Get after it, big man!


Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to sleep off this spa. (laughter)


There are better ways to go. Worse ways. Whatever.


You know what, I feel like, I feel like, this is stupid. I pick them up. (pained gasps) Tell me where they go


You're not very good at finding traps, but everything else you're quite good at.


Come on, roll good.


Can I do anything else after I've done that? I can't shoot any arrows after I've healed him, can I? Do I get one arrow?


It's like a nicotine patch.


How about you, Nila? Do you have anything that can shoot from afar?


I was just curious if he was walking up to people and they were staring, going "oh no", and walking on.


Which part gets doubled? I always forget.


On your same page, your spell page.


What am I checking? 14 on the thing on the floor.


Maybe we can give him that research notebook we found. You keep the spellbook, we give him the research notebook. We already know what was in it.


That's too much, but do I get to keep the change?


Can I ask a question? In my bag, I have two vials of fox's cunning. Is that a potion?


Come on Frumpy.


Where are all you cosplayers at? Do me a favor. I love you all, but if you're not in costume, sit down for a moment so I can see all the costumes. [music fades]


You're going to die!


Pike, let go, let go. Before it--


Then as me, I'm going to run away. Can I run behind a tree and crouch?


I will check for traps.


We might want to have them available for the moment.


I'm staying in the house, and I'm going to cover myself up with some detritus of different chairs and things, near the window. I'm hiding.


It's not the only one in existence. There are others.


Are there windows in the room?


But can Trinket fit?


Well, we'll never see him again.


Boom! Boom! Boom! I'm going to do some Ip man like (punching noises). Like all the way down her spine. Right in the fucking ribs. Yeah, going for that.


You can see it! She was trying to write, "Your eyes are beautiful when you smile. I love-- Thanks." (laughter)


Does anybody understand Gnomish?


Oh, come on, man. Have you no mercy?


Can I put my hand out to him?


Am I the first one to go?


No, that's what he said. It's my full movement just to see him.


Okay. You also stick the sharp end of it into things. And I take out the Flametongue, and I stick it in-- this is a loaner. I'll get it back from you when we're done here.


But she's sick and she-- We can do it right now. When she's not armed.


It happened right under your eyes. Mysterious, isn't it?  And I walk away.


Also, your Date with Matt Mercer in a Silk Robe, thanks to Brian Wayne Foster, will be up on YouTube tomorrow at 10AM.


I could do other things. I could make another compatriot for us to have in battle.


Okay, great. So I'm going to smack Phil.


Or would it be bad?


We are currently employed right now. We're on a very, very dangerous mission.


Yeah. We need to move everybody underground the same way we did in Emon.


Buddy boy, you're buying in for shit you're not really ready for, yes.


I know. Honestly, I'm a little touched.


Okay, wait, hang on.


Great. We can ride it down the mountain.


Some people jump up and over?


And also only about a day's travel from Pyrah.


Yes, and there were a bunch of people who came over from England, as well. We had a couple people from Egypt.


Gone.


Yeah, he knew River through that.


I'm thinking. I'm trying to decide between two things.


Maybe next time all of us could go? You guys should tell them.


You guys, you guys.


Exactly. I'm not saying it's ours. I'm saying we just make sure no else comes in.


Yeah, that's a safe 13.


Please tell me she has bedhead.


That is true. For both of you.


Well, if I could have it around just the combustion point, and have the barrel sticking out of the point, that might be a thing.


You still have a little bit of cover.


I'm afraid she's spoken for.


If it bears down on us.


I understand.


I'm aroused and scared?


When the time comes for a rematch, I'll be here.


Dexterity saving throw. 18!


I'm going to take one step forward. I'm going to shoot that guard once, one more time.


Okay, so I'll just go for these two right there in the corner.


You've been bested. (laughs)


We're going to need a bigger boat.


(laughs) No! (clears her throat)


You have your memories of the Feywild, do you remember sloshing around in that black sludge? Very loudly?


Both of you have got earrings.


All right, I'm going to pick one of them and take another shot. The one on the left, I'm going to take a-- yeah, let's do a sharpshooter shot on him.


Is there tuna in here? I think there is.


So we have the meeting, we go get the tricorn hat from her, like, boudoir and then we go get the crest on the way out, right?


I guess it doesn't hurt to ask The Gentleman, if worst comes to worst.


Utility here, I'm buying this sack for all of us here.


Yeah, you're definitely the face guy! You're the good salesman!


Only if you're grappled.


So get there, get K'varn.


I was having difficulty choosing. 19?


Plus, we had to go up there anyway.


That is cool.


Don't eat the puppy either. Promise.


What? No. What time is it? I thought we just got started?


Tooma. Forgive me, I'm not the best speaker, but we have learned from fighting these dragons that if we fight them in their lair, we are at a severe disadvantage.


Because we got to get the fuck out of here.


Just to be sure, I'm going to dig around and make sure this is true death on this thing and it's not going to start regenerating or anything. Does it look like it's regenerating at all?


Can we grab a barmaid?


Yes. But I can't carry him. Grog, would you be able to...


Please believe us. There is an even bigger danger coming, and I think-- oh yes, it's right there. And I will Major Image what I think he's describing, which is a tall Iron Man.


Part of it? Not all of it.


We'll heat it up. Caleb will heat it up, you'll throw it in, and then I'll be using some ice to try and cool the thing down once it's in there.


Is he still in the bar?


One long panel, it's unusual.


I appreciate the gesture, because it is the thought that counts. It's the gesture, Jester.


Want to give him a little spending cash? Make sure he's not completely destitute when he gets there.


We peer in the door. What is going on in this room at this point?


I will climb on.


Stop it. I am nauseous. Let's go kill a bunch of people.


Yes. Now, I will fire two Eldritch Blasts at the hydra with Hex on top. That's only a 12.


You'd take the three beefiest of a group of strangers?


I feel the wind and then shoot three Magic Missiles out of my hand at the thing.


Or just swing it.


He's in goblin town.


What if you were a scorpion, with a dragonborn tail sliding around and a gnome on your front leg and a--


We did make a deal.


Aw. 47.


We'll check the other room quickly.


Ahead of schedule? I'm sorry. Hi. By the way, I'm Keyleth. We haven't really talked yet. What schedule were you trying to keep? What was the deadline?


No, there's another one before.


I was doing a tighter loop.


I'm scouring my notes for where I wrote their salaries down.


Okay, that's fine, don't care.


I do have fire resistance, so I'm okay. I'm excited about this.


(gasping) They're right here! (laughter)


So you don't forget.


We do have half a thing of boar meat and some grain. Just some random grain. Which I think is like oatmeal oats, maybe.


You can't perform on command? I needed you. Okay, you got more in there?


I don't know, can I? Or is it too--?


Good to see you again! Boy, it is sure coming down outside, wish there was a way to dry off real fast.


You only saw like five. Did you keep going down into the tunnels?


Okay. I'm going to walk to the very edge of the spell right here, so I'm standing one closer to our friend there. Not just to you. I want to be close to the big strong schmuck.


I don't know what that did.


The feat says if you have the jump, if you go before the person's gone, but we can talk about that later...


(coughs) However --


Well, that would be worth about-- how much, DM?


Is the portcullis closed behind you?


That's third base. (laughter)


Two, three. Five points of cold damage.


What should I ask?


I pull out the wire and say, "What are you doing? Throw it in!"


I feel like we're safer down here. At least there's only so many places they can attack from.


Oh no. Did my father pay you to do this?


Actually, I did that.


Thank you for crafting it for me. What do I owe you?


Yes. Natural 20.


I immediately leave the room.


18 buddies.


Wait, are you talking about us bowing to the Clasp, or the Clasp bowing to the-- okay. Sorry, there were levels.


That's, uh, that's okay. This is Sprinkle?


65 is like 400 feet.


I don't trust you either. Beau, I'm going to give you three gold.


Yeah, can I pull him towards the center of the earth?


She has the rope.


I would agree. I don't think it's necessary for us to claim ownership for it. We just need to have it cordoned off and make sure no one else, other than us, can come in.


You're climbing that shit, aren't you?


Okay. Thank you for moving, Vax. I'm going to blast them both with lightning. Straight shot through, 100 feet.


You are like holding her and covering her, aren't you?


325?


I think you would look fetching in a new lined winter jacket.


You are. You are.


It's a lot. Yeah, it's tons. It's 27.


We're going to let them go.


Can we all do medicine checks on them?


This is projects for us.


You did this to me.


Towards wherever I saw her.


Hydra! You think it's a hydra?


Caleb said.


Don't sweat the small stuff.


Oh, here! Take my mask. Oh, but you have a beak.


I'm having an ale while watching all this.


I mean, if I were going to make snake people, I'd put them in a room with snakes and I'd have a way of calling the snakes when it's time to start changing those people into snakes.


Okay, so I'm hidden, technically, so I get sneak attack on him, right?


And where are they?


That makes me so sad!


Is it going to play with us?


It's not good. So I'm going to make him barf me up.


I light the candle.


That's cruel.


Oh! We took a short rest. I could.


He can't move.


That's a sick tattoo, y'all.


Is it really crowded in here? Are there a lot of people?


It was really gross.


Wait, what if-- we are up shit's creek. So we need Schmidt's creek. What if you have Schmidt do something? Can Schmidt go do something?


I'm in the necklace krumping right now.


That's it, you put him back to sleep? You go back to bed, then.


Yeah, but the white dragon might have some way to communicate.


Sorry, Scanlan.


Pike's going to rush in as he's doing that and try to rip the hammer away from the body and run out of the room.


Okay. I am within 120 right? So what I'm going to do instead, is I'm going to look down and I'm going to pull out my Krull Blade and I'm going to throw it in the air and cast Telekinesis on it (spinning).


It may not come back is the thought.


Do the daggers then shunt back up to my belt, though?


Okay. Can I back away from him, or am I going to get hit?


Please. Stop.


I can't see any of our fucking opponents.


I'm going to try and circle around it to get out of the way of the archers. I'm going to hop back off and get behind him.


"Hard to read." Whispers!


Because we don't know what it is?


If you lift up Taliesin's mohawk, you can see the little tiny, little points. Little horns.


It seems, from what we've seen, that they were hungry.


Don't know anything about it.


Seems like a good plan.


Potion of greater healing.


Traitor! And I've got two more shots. Next shot.


Can I take his body and chuck it in the hole?


Did you get a bear ass on your bare ass?


I'm going to turn and say  Oh, help me, Traveler! I'm going to cast Word of Radiance.


Shakäste, stay forever.


They're watching TV.


Yeah, in the Shadowfell. Remember, we jabbed at one, and decided against it.


Do I remember if the Deep Row or the Inkclaw, one is closer than the other?


Thank you. It's been a long day.


I'm never gonna roll that high again.


Except for kings, all right.


Not necessarily, I mean yes, it's fucked up.


I'm unconscious. No! Relentl-- The thing, I got the thing! It's called Relentless Endurance! I come back to one hit point!


Well let's throw some shit, then.


It's down and to our left.


Wait, what happens if you don't stay on the road?


That'd be killer. I don't know if we can.


It was a goatee a scant five hours ago. Now it is an Errol Flynn mustache. Thank you. We'll discuss it at break. I'm going to flip this coin because that's all we fucking got. If it's a 20, we're gonna stay here. If it's a one, we're going to find another place.


It's all Foley. Everything with an eagle. Frank Welker is the sound of every eagle that's ever been out there. (laughter)


Because you asked so nicely. Also, I was thinking the carpet might be a fine way of moving them around the city.


That's my action, okay. So, now all I can do is move?


Is Grog close enough for flanking for her?


Oh, shit. We should have thought about that. I don't know your street lingo.


Pike, pray! do something!


Yeah, just throw a Fireball from the outside, just throw one.


I think maybe you should draw what you see.


What? No, that wasn't sharpshooter. I just did the middle one sharpshooter.


22. Am I still drunk? Do I need to--?


Perhaps we could even name one of the libraries Gilmore's Glorious Books.


Again? Fuck! We go around the fucking rock.


Are there any sigils or writing anywhere on the frame of the window or in the window?


Should've come to me for that.


I think you notice things and have an epiphany at that point.


Blood Lust on myself. Blood Lust.


And a little sailor's cap.


You could mend the big urn that held the ashes of the lich-y thing. Then we can take that urn back and give it to--


I grab Keyleth by the wrist and start running away from the village.


That's three.


Okay, you're getting there.


Oh, there's a dead person I'm talking to!


How thick does it appear to be?


I play a couple of them on the wall. Do a little song.


No, it's going to be fast-pitch softball.


I have it because I'm going before. Because I'm smiting him, first hit's for 55 total.


No, seriously. Come over here. I don't want to turn my head when I'm talking to you, dear.


What?! Way to go, Mee-ster Fjord.


I have that Cloak of Smashing that Percy gave me.


That's what I was gonna say, I can always polymorph you for a moment, Grog.


I will remember.


How the fuck do we get out of this?


A bloody robe.


This is not looking good. This is looking very bad.


On a scale of one to ten, one being like a shit-ass swamp town and ten being like Rexxentrum, what does the civilization of this city look like?


Let's go, wait.


Ounterloch.


I wanted to look in the chamber and see if there was anything else interesting before we walked out.


Keyleth, can you do anything about this fog?


Well, you can breathe in that shit, right? We won't be able to see.


The claw's kind of sharp, I learned to fight with it a little bit.


Keyleth, I can take care of myself.


I could. I know!


Save yourself now so you can do something in 15 seconds.


I can be a a rhinoceros.


You could beat me in an arm wrestling match! They're huge.


And two other giants are behind us?


Okay. First thing I'm going to do is, I'm going to--


What thing was given to you?


Would I know it in relation to Sir Cadigan, the person I took it from?


I join Vex.


Beau, in her hazy boss phase, goes  Ogres are the leaders. And she runs straight for the ogre.


It's going to be tight.


Make him earn it!


Three pepperbox shots.


I can hear you whispering. I don't know why you--


The sky?


Abrasiveness is his most powerful weapon.


I'm going to be like, underwater tea party! (glugging) And do a Commune With Nature for a little bit. I get three questions? I want to find any easy tunnels.


Oh yeah, here you go!


I'll take two attacks.


This is how I have to talk with it. I have to dangle it.


Completely seals it?


A peacock is a fancy pet.


Are you okay, Fjord? You died twice.


Don't roll a one!


On the hydra?


I forgot I had javelins. Yes, I have javelins.


Thanks, Gov'ner.


The Sluice Weave. Not loose leaf, Sluice Weave.


Maybe we can dump them, backtrack with the cart, and drop the cart back off.


You might!


That sounds like it would be the quickest "root" to go.


You were gone for what, 45 minutes?


Yeah, I'm outside, waiting for a call.


It's Orion, Zac.


Do I have to shout, "Insight check," or--


I slap him twice, anyway.


I'm gonna fire a glacial blast at this dude.


Stolen on the subway on the way home from work.


I smack him on the back of the head and say: Let's go boy! Keep up!


I was at the door. He had a knife to your throat. He wanted you to say something to us. What did he want you to say?


Cool! The dice sticks to the magnets on the boxes.


I have - okay wait.


Okay. So hey, I put something together. It's dumb, but I made a bench and I put Vax's name on it and I didn't want to make him a headstone because that seems so final. Maybe he's still around somewhere.


Everyone?


The only time I've seen duergar split across like this was when we saw the camp of that creepy centipede creature.


Hey, we got the money back!


What am I, chopped liver?


We should probably stop going to--


It doesn't mean it's the pit fiend.


Trinket should stay with the boat as opposed to fighting the beholder.


At sixth level, it's 8d8 damage.


Marquet! Marquet it is.


Music's working?


Yeah, like what are the Eisners?


Okay. She doesn't have to bring him or anything, it could be just looking, bring us information if she sees him.


This is not an army. This is something for the population to do while they pass time. The dragon shows up, they're all going to die, no matter how many times they learn how to put the spear forward.


Tracks in a river?


Sure, yeah, you could do that.


And question three, if he doesn't want to tell us where, is there someone that he has an errand that he need run in exchange for--


(deep and warped) Caleb, how are you feeling?


You can use an action to speak the command word and throw the sphere at a huge or smaller creature, like my dick, that you can see within 60 feet of you. As the sphere moves through the air, it opens into a tangle of metal bands, like my dick. Make a ranged attack roll with an attack bonus equal to your dex modifier plus your blah blah blah, if you hit it, the target is restrained until you take a bonus action to speak a command word and release it. Doing so, or missing, causes the bands to contract and become a sphere once more. So it's like a trap ball. Trap ball.


I hear it.


No, no, we got to come in the center, we got to take advantage of the sentinels.


We move forward.


And do I still get advantage or no, because the first time it's cast.


Laura, Travis, and Sam.


No, it's a bonus action.


Happy to be out of death's doorway, I'm going to send two Eldritch Blasts towards the guy on the ground.


Okay. We'll see if the guards think so, eh?


I pull out my sword and start whacking it.


Oh shit, towers.


For a full frontal attack. While we bamf into the dragon's lair.


Clusters of semen all around you.


Before we get up to the crowd, I transform into Minxie. I'm going Minxie. And I catch up to Grog. Going Minxie.


He always mixes those fingers up.


This shit opens up!


Barlgura. It has a demon name.


Does the shoe fall off?


Yeah. Rage-punching. (All singing Jurassic Park theme.)


Nobody that eats with their hands in the inside of a titan is nice.


Yeah, Mighty Nein, stay back. Nein. (laughter)


Do you know what's on the other side?


It's a light blue. One is a bright yellow. And his right arm, all the way up from where you can see where it disappears below the armor is covered in one-inch cuts, with scars all the way up.


It's his father's money.


I like this thing.


We're just as far away from the thing.


But I feel like maybe he feels a little bad.


Yeah, because you were standing next to me anyway.


Just-- (laughter)


How'd you do that? What is that? What's in there? What was it?


I have advantage on those. Because of Danger Sense.


That's without inspiration. That's 31.


The old fashioned swirly kind?


♫ Why can't we be friends


Oh sure, I'll look at those. Wow, 24! Arcana check, yeah?


I have a shortsword.


All right. I'll just be prepped with it.


Is the temple to Sarenrae on the way to the--


How many's left? Three?


With a disadvantage on constitution saving throws.


You've hit me right now? Yeah, that hits.


Oh my gosh! Yeah! Yeah!


I don't know if I have another.


This is inspiring.


Yeah, it's stealthy!


Oh, Xhorhas assassins tried to steal a box of some sort that was a weapon of mass destruction or a portal to another dimension or some sort of fount of energy that powers their race, we have no idea, but they stole it, we encountered them in the sewers, we did not kill the Xhorhas assassin, but he was killed shortly thereafter and we stole his magical dodecahedron.


Allura is somebody who should not be here when this conversation happens, because if they turn south, she's a more powerful sorcerer than I.


The Iron Duke.


Was it a bad idea?


That's okay!


Can I use a Resolve for this?


Oh, what? Little sister? What?


Is it locked?


They are shitty selfish ones.


I'll hop off the carriage and walk over. Staring at the coat, I'll summon the new sword.


We're pretty stealthy.


That was amazing. (all laugh)


I'm going to be at Lock and Load this weekend in Seattle, which is the War Machine Hordes con for Privateer Press.


Who wants to go right fucking now? I was in the middle of a gorgeous cup of ale and I'm wearing half of it!


We should also-- you're invisible. We should also discuss who's going in, who's outside, how we are tackling each house.


Can you swim? Can you swim, Nott?


Timalt is from here, right?


Take that fucking potion. Take it.


That is correct.


Can you tell me about Astra? How did she come into the picture?


God, you've given me so much to think about. It's really unfortunate. I'm definitely going to take at least a week of our two weeks to think about the sword.


Well, you just have to tinker with it a little bit. Holy cats.


No. I'm going to keep it.


Yes we do! We have these shirts that are still in the store.


Oh, to Trinket?


My sister. And as I run past, I share a very awkward glance with Keyleth and keep going and just run and lock eyes with my sister and run at her.


Not a dice tower.


So how long have you been set forth on your little mission to prove yourself worthy?


And that is 19.


They don't know we're here. It could be anyone who could've cut him down. Why would they suspect us? I would suspect the village people first.


It's my concentration, so I can keep it going and do an instant reaction spell.


I do, I do insist.


I want to get my diamond back, too, from earlier.


We don't need it. It's just pleasurable to have a Trost, is what they say. She kind of needs it.


I want to lead everybody away down to the right, but I've got to make sure that my brother gets away from these thugs before that happens, so I'm going to hold my movement until-- can I--


And I'm like, no, no, it's his nickname. It's okay.


But it has one eye.


Then I will move dead center on the board.


What do we do? We've got to get-- someone's going in.


Evasion on dex save-- I've written an abbreviated version of this. It's area of effect, if it's like Fireball or anything that's in an area.


Well, you're always good to have hidden away in case something goes squirrely. So definitely you. Maybe me as well.


Hope you remember us!


Oh of course I do, I'm a sorcerer.


Oh, good, you have to smile!


If the parasite hasn't a host to feed on, the parasite dies. No, thank you.


Yeah. All right, I'll pop a Cure Wounds into him.


Actually, I mean, that is a good idea. Could we spend an-- I'm going to go set my thread across the road. Could you make hiding places for all of us, Nott?


What did I pull?


No, he totally did it. She totally did it. This is really hard, Sam.


(as Eeyore) It doesn't matter anyway.


When you cast Seeming on us, our visual-- if you made me look like a cow, would I seem like a cow when I bumped into you, or would I seem like a human?


570 for the gnolls, 35 for the--


What was your name again?


You know, I could talk to Keyleth about that. She would know.


Evidence? Documents for the archives. We did collect quite a bit of paperwork, and documentation that would fill in any of the gaps in the history of Whitestone, and--


No, I know now that the strength is in the numbers of the group. I'll stop and head back.


Forgive us for our intrusion. We come seeking an audience of J'mon Sa Ord.


We can't just count it right here.


Somebody's going to die eventually.


Do I remember where he is?


It also bears remarking that Garmelie said we're not supposed to side with either, right?


-- chi--


(gasps) I just saw one that said, "Laura, would you like a giant Trinket plushie to sit at the table with me?" And yes.


You have such a way with people.


Wait, why would you-- you've got to come save us!


I don't remember about the little fellow.


We should grab Scanlan.


I'm aware. I'm ignoring it.


It looks like we're really well off, though, that's good.


Not to question your infinite knowledge and judgment, but my stories are more of little bar room tales and silly poems to pass the time. I would hardly call them epic histories of civilization.


Do you remember what my bag looked like? It matches my sash that you still have on your wand.


So is it like a side-scrolling background?


Can I attach the chain of returning to the Sword of Kas, and throw it up to Vecna? Reckless.


13. (cheering)


Elemental!


Yeah, what about yourself?


There's a traffic line, then.


Question.


I don't think so. I think it's too late.


Do I roll for the damage? Of the shark?


Just back away from it.


Shut up. Is it attunable? Do you have to attune it?


We're not going to translate the whole book, just one page.


Balls of shit.


Plus the enlarge damage.


I'm going to use my action to try and clear my gun.


I'm going to go back as far as I can.


Thinking about life and death. (laughs)


