I said Jamalkaori last time, if I recall.


A way to get through that only the creator would know how to use?


What's going down?


Ashley is in New York. (laughs)


Yeah. (gasps) (all laugh)


But she knows where it is.


That's a natural 20. That makes the grit go away, anyway, so nice.


Oh, I know him from Quimdendale.


(imitating Grog) Don't make a sound!


I had wanted to go to not the one that Laura was saying, the other one. That's the one I was going to go to, because it's closer to the door.


Blind justice.


Ja. He was crucial in us getting the three of you out.


Yeah. The head of--


1980s graphics!


No. I'll just maybe tape it.


Okay. Let's go catch the cart.


Go on, then. Like what?


Plus-- That's 26.


Percy number four.


So this is the mess and this is our actual?


Good, that would be very strange, wouldn't it?


We may just be able to get them to release her.


Oh, it's sick? Get me away from it.


He is invisible, isn't he?


That's the number nine.


Radiant means all gods or just good gods?


That's good, though.


Holy shit. This is miracle cream, Nila! Oh my god!


Oh, that's good. Is that Feather Fall? Nice. Okay, I perceive some more and see if I see any traps ahead of us the whole time.


-- but before, I'm genuinely sad about Doty!


And all the gems are in our room, correct?


Ooh. Is that a sev-- that's a one. 16.


Maybe your ghost can haunt us. "Remember when you left me in hell?"


I used 100% new dice. No repeats from Keyleth.


About that? I mean, shit, I can't really speak to it. I have to figure out what they want to do tomorrow.


I flop down on the table.


Well, you know, days might be more--


Is that flanking?


Oh my, what? How? Why? (laughter)


If there's a way to pin the rat to the wall, I'll do that.


Never done this before.


This could be door number two over here.


Ooh, that's better. 15.


Go on.


12. Oh, with advantage. 23


Did he work all the way through the night?


Yeah, it was with a head shot. So that means he has disadvantage on attacks for one round.


No. Seven.


That is the other option. Go there.


You gave them the Wheel?


What friends?


Kiri's okay, Kiri's fine. We found a new home.


Yeah, blah, blah, blah. Can I give you a couple of coins and you let us on our way, please?


Two points of grit.


We are in hell. Perception check.


Yes. Your people have been persecuted for so long, and you have lost so many of the female version of you, and your children, and you serve them now. Do you want to live as slaves?


That's fixable.


Well, there goes our sponsor by Hallmark.


While that was going on, I wanted to run forward and work on the guy that fell from the tree. I wasn't paying attention to that.


Yes. Most definitely.


I pour my flagon into hers.


The beacons of hope in life. Of future generations. (all laugh)


He's right there on the side. There's one over there, there's one over there. There's two. Oh, shit. Well, we all come slamming down in here.


Oh, oh, the refugees.


If he can help us, might still be able to take a rest.


Just had to pee.


Hope that is a good call. What would Fjord do? And Beau puts on her goggles.


(whispering) Monk stuff!


Not enough. Okay.


Hex damage?


No, I'm not. It's already got a lot of drool on it, actually.


What if we all jump out at the same time and scream and attack at the same time.


We can't even see them, Matt?


I saw that.


Yeah, she can ride on my shoulders again.


You're leaving?


Are we in the bog now?


I'm gonna go at level five.


We hired them for a certain amount of time.


Well, you didn't know. (laughter)


We'll find, once and for all, the answer: What do children taste like?


Take out your hand?


Can I help him out, see if I spot anything? Give him an assisted roll?


Okay. I try really hard.


It's the button.


Negative. It's like a wizard thing.


I am so sorry, High-Richter. I assure you, this night is almost over. Would you hurry up?!


I'm across the river! I'm going to help everyone else but you. Can I inspire anyone over there?


I'm looking at it. (raspberry) 11.


I'm staying home, anyway


A hundred episodes, yeah. Five years, a hundred episodes later. Do you still have any of that poison? That poison-- anybody have any poison?


We'll have Thanksgiving in about nine months.


As soon as Cad's hands start to glow, I yank the axe out of his head.


Oh, in god realm it will be harder.


You can only do it once per round.


I focus.


I do a lap.


But I’m also exhausted.


I love watching people take risks. That's my favorite thing about D&D: it's such a good place to take risks. And the rewards that come with it are so fantastic.


Can I sneak up to the corner at least, so I can be ready to attack those two bastards?


He has eyes on your territory.


I'm picking up Scanlan and moving backwards.


Shit. Better.


Yeah, that works for me.


What the fuck is this guy's base? What?


I think they want to destroy it.


I hope he coughs his innards out the hole in his gut. Dragon hernia.


If Vax has a trammel, and Grog has a trammel, who has the third trammel?


Oh, shit. We need to take the cart to the stables.


That's canon.


Orgasms all under the table right now!


Well, they nominated us, so we got this far because of them, and now we lose to Markiplier.


Those donuts were pretty fucking great.


Was it a one?


Three. (groaning)


Don't forget the holes in the wall.


He could do one. We could get him up there.


They want to know how you all got into voice acting.


I got one. And I got one.


I have to blow my nose again.


Oh my god, what should I roll? Give me something good. That's not too bad. 15.


Yes, you can. We're weary travelers in need of respite and perhaps some drinks.


Well, actually.


He's very dapper. He touches the hearts of all of us. Where would we be without Fjord?


Wait I got right, left, straight, straight, left, straight, right.


I'll take a big swig of liquor and start going down, scanning for traps.


Stupid piece of dice crap.


So the first ones we did in navy. These are done in grey.


We've all been Lucien.


I rolled a natural one.


Why was he trailing? What the fuck?


I don't have anything to feed you.


Not today.


Range is 150 feet. Radius is 20 feet.


But she believes it now. How long does she believe it for?


Oh! I'm wearing a Loot Crate t-shirt right now. It fits. It makes me look strong and handsome.


I break away. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.


We gave it to Allura.


Almost ASAFP? Right?


So is the magic not coming from the box? Or what was inside the box?


Okay! You have advantage on the next hit on it?


It does make us sad to be around it.


I've got cards, I'm going to play and I'm going to drink. And we've got to discuss what's happening tomorrow.


Oh, thank god. Well, we all give something every once in awhile.


This ain't part of my deal.


Keyleth and Vax heard the (wedding march), so we had a very different silent scene over in our spot.


What if it heals him? He hits him so hard it actually puts health points back into him.


It's from the earth, though, they made it from grains.


What if-- do any of the people we see walking around, do any of them wear cloaks?


Jeez, leave some for the rest of us, big boy.


When I look up, can I see the ceiling now?


Wait, what? Is that us?


Downstairs.


You could wear this hat. Might not fit on your head, you could maybe put it on one of your knuckles.


He said he couldn't see us when we were in the library.


What if the ladies went on a redecorating tear really fast?


No, I am not! But before I do, I want payment, for these boots. What's going on with you and Keyleth? (laughter)


(as Sean Connery) Just get him.


It's this way. And I start walking off towards Dad's house.


Can we see in one of the windows?


Something you haven't told anyone. It'll be like a game! And we'll each take a shot.


Oh, what are my choices?


Really.


Happens to the best of us. You got all your toes?


That is ten points of damage with poison on it. It's a DC of 15 for poison. I'm sure it makes it.


Weeks? Very good to know. Thank you, that's so helpful. Did you talk about anything else with this nice young woman, at all?


The New York Yankees? That's terrible. (laughter)


You know what, who really needs the sphere? Should we just go back to the boat? No? I didn't mean it either. All right, we move forward.


We know it's there, though!


Wait, Vax. You should consult that little scrawny NPC fellow that was supposed-- oh, wait. Oh, he's dead.


Yeah! Now we're best friends. Here's my sickle.


Or a girl! No, wait, that sounds weird.


I'm going to try and shift toward you, to see if I can see him around the lava bend.


No, it's not misery. It's beautiful and amazing and incredible.


I thought The Skew was the low-life area.


That is awesome, yeah.


You threw him off, Jester.


And I roll a two.


I think it's five feet unless it's stronger. Could be ten.


Lorenzo is a fighter type?


I know, too late. I know. I fucked that up.


I'm drawn to the smell.


Yes, and there's a lot of people you can talk to here. If you want to get somebody killed, here's the town to do it!


Well, Nott, what are we going to do today? I can go down and get breakfast and bring it up here. At least-- I don't know. I mean, I'm a little wary of just splashing back into the town right away.


No, it's gone.


Yes, who's the man we need to see about that?


Very specifically not, because things die in there.


"Sure." Better be a 40 or higher.


I'll help you with that sand castle.


Eat it.


Towards the beginning.


Yeah, I turn around and grab the thing that's strangling my neck like a dog leash and I yank it in real hard.


Or does she?


Walks out of the wall.


Luck.


Goddamn. Way to go, that's-- Did you get anything from him?


I'm going down.


By the way, did you see anything when you crashed through? Were there people on the ship?


I think that's been working out very well for us. It is pitch black down there, though, isn't it?


I have the stone.


We have somebody who can do that--


Dumb as a brick.


As I had no idea that weapons weren't allowed in there, if you and I had fought, you would've beaten me to a bloody paste.


I turn into Nurse Betty almost in every fight. What are you talking about?


No, it's 13.


Oh yes, Fessuran.


(Southern accent) Alter Self.


We need the Mist.


Your shipping dreams and your shipping dreams are coming true.


I mean, I was going to ask them for a paycheck immediately after we'd gone back to the city, but you know.


We've come to the Feywild for something specific.


Ooh! Like a souvenir. "Can we have a piece of your threshold crest?"


Yeah, I know how much older than you I am.


The shark's been hurting it.


I burn as many Create Water spells as it takes to fill them up.


(growls) Eight is-- 16.


Come on, how am I going to play my second character unless I die now?


During a council meeting.


Whoa. Cool.


Yeah, I shot the beam off of Pike's shield. It was actually pretty dope.


You're unconscious.


This is what made the dude frozen!


What the fuck was that?


My damage bonus. Oh I'm sorry, eight.


Sheila. (sighs) We're trying to figure out the best way to... what am I trying to say, here? We're trying to go to Sarenrae, but actually go to her. Not in the sense of the mind, actually walking up and saying hello.


He's a dick.


Can a tentacle wield the lollipop?


Like a kid getting too close to an amusement park, I take off running.


It's magic! I'm possessed! I turn to one and go, (in a guttural voice) The power of Christ compels you! I'm going to use Devil's Tongue and I'm going to do a couple points of damage to him.


Come on. Coup de grace.


All right. Back to all my magical stuff. All right, I'm going to shoot from my Sky Sentinel at him. That's my first attack for that, and that is 22 for the first arrow, because it splits.


The Change-Bringer's Nectar?


Can I use one of the barrels and start scooping the water into the barrel and lift the barrel up and out and try to carry it?


Oh Jesus. Oh my god. Okay.


Investigation? Natural 20. (cheers)


I feel like we just took one pretty top-heavy deal and traded it for an even more top-heavy deal not in our favor.


Oh, please. That was but appetizers for the main course, my friend.


Okay, let's just say that, shit. Yep, I don't know what to do. Well, if I can't move out of the way then I'll try to Lightning Bolt the pit fiend. I mean, we're trying to kill the pit fiend, right? That's not going to do shit to a pit fiend.


People.


I encourage violence.


We'll see what they think.


Yeah well, that's a bit of a side effect.


We are allies. With us comes change. Keep our secret and all the better we'll be for it.


Thank you and thank you for talking with me.


No, it's an eight. Wait, five, seven, that's 10, 18. 18 damage.


I feel like it's a little stupid, since we have nowhere to go.


You used Beast Form to turn into a whale.


Wait, what? No. I can add a plus ten, right?


Could be the end of a sending stone or something.


You started sliding-- (laughter)


We don't need to scry into Emon.


So, you're alive, that's good because you were sorta on a suicide mission.


I put my ear to the door. Can I hear them a little bit?


Action, action, bonus action with the hasted boots?


Blow hair out of her face.


I stand up, and as a reaction, I'm going to cast Healing Word on myself once again at first level.


Yeah it is!


He saw it happen! He's got really good vision.


I'm slightly aroused. (group laughs)


The seventh.


Oh, I don't. I don't? Where is it?


(yelling) We were going to camp back there, but instead we are going to camp over there!


Oh, it's compounding.


But physically, I mean, come on, it's going to be months.


Natural 20 here as well.


That's some metal shit.


While you're pouring, I had a question for you. My friends and I, we have just rolled into town, and while we were walking through, we noticed this very strange tower here. It's so bizarre, what is that place?


Okay, so I gotta do my math. That's 11, but I get a plus two from my ring that I'm wearing for saving throws, so.


It's been too long.


I don't want his healing potions. I think those aren't even real healing potions, I think those are probably water colored--


David Blaine up in this bitch.


I can't even find it. I think it's one, but this is an old sheet.


Oh, I thought he dragged it outside.


It happens to everybody.


But we could keep any of the spoils.


Then I use the rest of my movement to press my back against the wall and go nein, nein, nein.


I don't know if I said that right.


Novocaine hands?


Does that mean we could just get them fighting each other?


And I apologize for any of the mistakes I've made, and honestly any of the mistakes I'm likely to make, but I am starting to imagine a better version of myself. I'm not quite sure who that is yet, but there is a destiny, I think, for us all together.


Stonewalled!


Do that thing.


That's fine. At least it'll hopefully give everybody some flanking.


Leave me an earpiece, and I'll call if I need anything else.


I know. I do have a lot of little papers. Six plus seven is 13, 14, 15, plus fire damage. 21, plus Hunter's Mark. 22 for the first hit.


We can also have them start looking at the books while we're away, telling us if they find anything of value.


That could help, that could help.


Are there windows on that side of the house?


Oh. No. No, I was done with the conversation.


Leave a little bit showing in the back, so that someone could find if they're investigating.


I'm sorry, Yasha.


Nine points on the second one, so 19 points of damage.


Yeah. This is thunder damage is a total of... oh, just eight, you know. Just eight points of thunder damage.


Wait, did we sleep?


Who's grappled and who's closest to the portal?


As a ritual, it's 11 minutes.


(strained) Oh, it just sounds so fun though.


I haven't eaten for a full day.


No. Timecop!


Yeah, he's gross. He's got mold on his neck.


Okay, maybe there's champagne though, yes?


Six again, Fjord?


Tomorrow. And we'll look like us, except vaguely like lizard people.


Ooh, a lot of sixes. Six, six, six.


Would it be faster to go up-- Broom up and over? Into the courtyard.


Does that take the scar?


(sings) Continuity. Roll for continuity.


He's taken.


At least I got some sleep!


I rolled like crap, considering.


Can we see any kind of movement? It's really far away, or--?


Percy's been hitting the 'roids.


It is Transmutation.


I'm going to have her turn her back to the troll and act like she's digging around in the mud.


He's not trained yet. Don't lose him.


Don't you do it! I push him against the wall. Can I break it? Can I break it before he does it?


To Grog, they're rare.


I think we're going to need to double up on these horses, you guys. Or at least unhitch them from the wagon.


Yeah, let's head for the opening.


I come running in.


I don't want a bow on it! He didn't ever wear a bow!


Oh, is it like that? Oh god, I'm picturing it so fucking different.


Had to add it.


Bats will be a problem. Bats catch fire rather quickly, if I recall.


I did it!


I'll do it as well. 16?


Can I stealth in the air?


That's 12. 13.


No, I'm not screaming.


That's a good amount.


Okay, just wanted to make sure that would work. Cool.


I've everything I need.


Say it. Staffie. Just say staffie.


As soon as she does that, I grab him and we Dimension Door out the house.


Woo! (laughter)


Okay. Oh god, this is not-- (whispering)


You don't have any initiative?


Yeah, those things don't go away. You carry that shit with you.


I'm certainly better off than I was when I left you all. I don't know that I'm happier, just better off.


Knees weak.


If who's plotted out the course to the temple, who?


You'll see me at a game store. I don't know which one, but I'll be there.


I mean, will that burn something?


Natural 20. This is to make up for all these fucking ones.


Did you put a smiley face next to the A-F-A?


Going to have to wait until it passes.


Tyriok.


Trinket!


Who seemed more senior?


Plus six, plus six with my wisdom modifier. My heart is pounding. So that's 30? No, 29.


Okay. This shit's happening!


I never really get to watch from down here.


Travis Willingham, you're going to get in big trouble!


No, I'm like Northrop Grumman meets Raytheon in this Bag of Holding, we're good.


I'm going to use this lucky die that this Critter gave me! Okay! 20!


I don't know what's so funny about that either. I don't remember any of that.


That was subpar.


It's hard to control.


You're not here.


So I guess I broke even.


Oh. Who are you, Freund?


I don't think that sounds like a good idea. There's a cavern over there, should we inspect it? Maybe there's some inner workings to get to the top.


Well, we have the King's Hall board, yo. That's where the job postings are.


Okay. Two horses pulling the cart, and four solos?


That's good. That's a natural 19. What would I add? Proficiency plus strength?


And that was a blonde pixie cut and a half-orc? A bald half-orc?


It's all muscle, bitch.


Fifteen hundred off the asking price.


Look, I'm a giant tank and I've got a super long, like, sword, I could try and give it a pick-up if everybody backs away.


Not down in the heart of it like we have. Underneath here is a honeycomb of thieves.


That's a terrible roll. That's okay. So that's ten points of piercing damage and two points of necrotic damage.


This is apparently a Mary Poppins musical act.


I would know that. Well, then, I guess I won't do that.


I say, you're one of the most charming people we've met so far down here.


I'll use Uncanny Dodge on the first one, I guess.


I got 26 for Vax.


Yeah, man! Go in!


Look more agitated, right now. More grimace. Give me nostrils. Nasolabial fold. Really work it. There it goes. (louder) All right. I talked to her, Fitz. Listen, she will stay her staff if, in the next 24 hours, you work your ass off and you find out who took our money.


Just like us!


We'll promise not to poke you.


I feel we should camp here for the night.


I feel like I always come back from the bathroom right as we're ending games.


Do we seen anyone else around besides those two?


Oh, okay. Well, I'll do my best to knock things over as I go.


Yeah, aw man.


Yeah, for sure! Everything about me is creepy, guys!


I'm trying to get over these double ones, man, I'm working it out.


Can I use Cutting Words on the attack or to reduce the attack?


So I can shoot an arrow?


Well, if it is a lich phylactery, that would be something we would smash to bits.


Did he say yes?


Maybe they'll let you use it.


Oh yeah, raging. I would like to rage. And then use reckless attack against him!


And I rolled a one right as that final.


That's a lot. In the teens.


Beau does have a good point, though. I mean, if we get down there and it's some world-ending monster--


The dead-low?


These spell rules.


Just raised.


I mean it's got to be, right?


I whisper a couple words and use Mage Hand to pick up the little piece of shoulder blade he dropped and throw it in the face of the other guy.


Yeah, 22 was the second one.


Using the people-killer-- not bad. Not bad, people-killer.


They.


Okay, where am I?


I drink my Potion of Flying that I took from Ripley.


I will when it's my turn.


Two light.


Doesn't it mess up the ground if we try to walk through it?


In my head, you have zinc all over your nose. There's just zinc.


Oh, I'm doing something?


I appreciate that, Orly. Hey, Caduceus, do you have any way of, I don't know-- you've got those vibes, right?-- feeling down and, I don't know, doing a little ping on the bottom?


I cast it when we landed here.


How close are we, right in this second?


I didn't think to ask. Honestly.


How far do we have to Shadycreek?


You're also 60 feet apart at the moment.


I guess maybe in the morning? They're probably all asleep now.


I peek my head in. Does the flickering light in the distance seem brighter?


Yeah, we'll just robe it up.


Sprigg the Obnoxious?


God fucking bull fucking shit.


We were fond of him, and he was fond of you, so.


Every single one of those guys can attack you now.


Yes, Antlers?


Oh, wait, no! You can give each target a new appearance.


Everybody all together, now?


You said that you were kept alive by some weird fucking magic. And that's what I do. And I brought you back so you could be with your daughter. So fuck you.


Can I take the other four steps of the five step exploding heart point technique thing?


Come on, Trink.


For the poison? I've got resistance to poison now, because I cast Protection from Poison on myself.


Oh no. Okay. 22?


You can release the rope now.


Yeah, but we don't know where the stables are.


I want to search this little hallway for a switch or some kind of panel to open this thing from this side.


Sam you're the least-- you don't care about any of it!


It's coming back to me, don't reach for it.


Did we bring him down here yet?


Let's go talk about it with the others, I think.


He makes no promises. He's very forthcoming. This is really nice compared to the last guy.


Are we going Gil? Yeah. Don't fuck me, Gil.


He might be able to read it, Scanlan.


Hi, darling. So, our dear friend JB, here. I told her what a wonderful writer you are.


This way, yeah. And no, I rolled an eight for wisdom.


Escher man is down! I love being able to see everything.


This is an attack roll, a spell attack roll. 15?


Yeah. That's good, Ashley.


That's Vax'ildan.


What is our rolls tonight?


Not the firbolgs we just met, right? You were talking about the people who kidnapped our friends.


Nah, he can't really get anywhere, it's fine.


Are we away from--?


Just a little of his drunkenness, not all of his drunkenness.


But if you want to make reparations, help us on our path. It will only help you on yours.


Yeah, but they're going to take you over, big guy.


Grab Scanlan, put my hand over his mouth, and say, Quiet, man, what's wrong with you?


Perception check.


My eyes begin to change to a dark shade as I turn my gaze to the dragon and cast Eyebite on him.


I can also climb up the wall, if need be.


I will sing to her  (singing) She's a good girl. (groaning)


I think there's a bit of a misconception here.


Panlanann.


(strained) I got this for you, Pike.


That's not a thing. Nine damage.


No, but we'll go down the hall towards the front of the building to look for, I would assume, Fjord and Molly at this point.


I can try and scry.


I think I was imagining a small mom-and-pop place with two physicians, but like 50 people in white coats came out--


Lord Scanlan, okay. Lord Scanlan of the-- I'm sorry, of the what?


I feel like Quall didn't really think this through.


None of them alive, that we can tell?


Hm? I know, she's making us feel really guilty right now. I'm going to hack away at this thing right now, so I'm going to try and hack away at this tentacle to get out.


To you, Caleb, six points.


Do I have to convert? I'm an Iounian.


I-- Caleb, we don't have any plans tonight. I guess we could go along. I wouldn't mind seeing it.


That's nice, Vex. Thanks. You didn't talk to this guy, okay? You don't know.


All right. Kiki, let's do this.


Did it have a cave?


A single horse I could be on. It couldn't be me and Beau. Or me and one of you.


Are there any doors leading forward or back?


Let's have a heart-to-heart.


Yeah, this is nothing.


Oh my god, that's right, you did that! And I put an elemental there. It's babysitting.


But you know they're not wrong, right? The people who arrested me are not incorrect. If you see a goblin, you should kill it on sight.


All about the bling.


Is there anything of use or value here? At all?


So I'm still sped up, and I'm going to run at the front and just shout out directions and call out holes, things in the ground to look out for. I'm going to lead the charge.


(mocking) Ha ha. You're so pretty!


Kaitiaki, father.


I'm just unconscious.


It's acid.


No, do you have like a wand or a potion or like, a thing--


This is so weird!


That's good, here. Be careful, he pees on things.


I hand her a small slip of paper that I have written in Elven: "Be prepared for anything today. Keep silent."


Yasha will heal Caleb for seven hit points using Healing Hands.


Does anyone have anything that negates--


That's justice.


Not too many. We're ten exactly.


Are you more coherent than me so that you two can attack as one? Because I have seen you do a lot of damage when the enemy does not know you are coming. Could you go simultaneously?


Bonus too?


And then 32 on the last.


So his arms--


And I hug Trinket so tight.


Like Happy Gilmore.


No, 30 to hit.


Yeah, and I pick up Scanlan under my arm.


Over on the arrow.


Someone's hiding.


I don’t really have anything to hold him. Crown of Madness!


They're pretty great. They add 1d8 to my initiative roll.


Oh look.


I'm sure it does. So does the plague.


Then we're carrying a bucket of tar. Is that weird?


It's not that we don't care for these animals, it's just that we cared for Water Closet, and Loo, and John way more.


(as Mickey Mouse) Ha ha. I'm Kylo Ren. Ha ha.


He said south just now. I thought you said south. East was the one that we hadn't checked out yet.


I checked. I'm being good. That's 11. That hits. I'm out of grit points.


And then I leave.


It was my idea! Go fuck yourself.


What's the effect of the toxin or venom again?


I'm going to creep along towards our friend there.


She's got to make a dex throw.


You wanna do--


Ready to go (squishing).


Where do you stay?


With maps and counter cards and one of a kind figures to make your tabletop experience come to life! That's not all, every Beadle & Grimm's Waterdeep: Dragon Heist platinum box sold will include access to Waterdeep: Dragon Heist on D&D Beyond! For the next week, Beadle & Grimm's is offering a $50 discount to purchase the box for registered D&D Beyond users. That's $50! With the money you saved, you could buy two Critical Role sleeveless Keyfish t-shirts now available in the CritRole shop. Or one Nott the Brave t-shirt and one All Work No Play t-shirt that doesn't exist, yet? I digress; this isn't about the merch I want to make for our beloved Malaysian fans. It's about D&D Beyond! Specifically Beadle and-- ow!-- Grimm's Waterdeep: Dragon Heist! To get your discount code, go to dndbeyond.com/promotions/platinum. You can also check out beadleandgrimms.com, that's beadleandgrimms.com/spoilers for more information on what's included in the platinum box. There are over 140 items in each box! Some highlights include six pieces of original jewelery, 22 Nolzur's unpainted minis, a beautiful four panel DM screen created especially for Waterdeep, all sorts of maps, and much more. In conclusion, get the discount, get the box, get the savings, and watch All Work No Play. (laughter)


The desert awaits, Matt.


I feel like we should definitely ask Sarenrae about it. But it's a little late to get rid of it now.


That's easy for me to do.


I like your idea of turning me into a fly. You and I go in--


We're going to the library.


Get all the bacon!


Can I run out and look at the tower and see if the orb looks different?


White Stallions! There's a Death Star painted on the side.


Wait, who was a 12? You?


A thousand feet is not that far.


Yes, I didn't realize you were still with my family.


Kashaw jumps up with Zahra; they cast Light at the same time.


They adopted a dragon.


Survival check? Is that for her?


Actually, that's a good point. I do a few test puffs. Is it just tobacco? Is there something special about this hookah?


Thank you guys for watching tonight for our Thursday programming. We're going to run a rebroadcast.


I've got to get home and work on a few things, anyway. I've got a broken gun.


Okay, so that was shot number one. Oh boy, here we go! I've also got to do damage on that, which is-- I'm so sorry, where are all my dice? There we are. Oh, I didn't do that, so none of that. Where are we going? I'm going to drop three points of Cabal into this, as well. Oh, there we are. Six points of psychic damage, four points of lightning damage, and 16 points of standard piercing damage.


You could stand in the middle of the road and distract them.


Have they taken our weapons?


I told you it was where we just walked by! I don't know if that's true.


Ugh, it's in my eyebrows!


My god, it will finally be useful one last time.


Holding on to him!


It's happening soon, and we're just going to be talking about Critical Role. (all laugh)


Oh my god you guys, he's a puppet!


Perception? 20.


Second attack. That hits, that's 18.


I would.


(shouting) Fucking insight check on Taliesin! No, I'm kidding.


Oh. Yeah, definitely.


No, go.


Oh, we know the word already?


Go up a little further away from the boat and then dump the bodies.


I look at one of the kids. (whispers) Are you safe? Are you good? Are you safe?


There's a lot of paprika. Pasta burgers. A lot of beets. I'm excited for this.


Brad! No.


It's been about two seasons, I suppose. Little bit of business, but it's been very slow.


84, 70, 76. Okay. Yeah, still going.


Spinach.


Yeah, that hits too.


No hands, no hands!


What? I thought it was like this big.


We got to meet my family!


I feel like I don't want to. I just, okay. You know what? I'm gonna Hunter's Mark him.


I am pretty sure that's incorrect.


Tary and Grog can hold hands in that position, right? He can reach Tary and Percy?


I go invisible to see if I can hear their conversation.


She's definitely probably the hag.


This could be real bad. We might get total-partied right here.


Vax'ildan is going to go pick at the charred remains of the illithid.


Wait! I don't get to dodge?


You two really follow her? Are you idiots?


When Pike died we had, all of us, many series of dice rolls to do, and it was very story-based.


(imitating Ashley) Yeah!


I was really hoping you missed that part.


As long as the plate's full.


Good for you. There's a thing here. We should not step on it. I have one job on this ship!


The Invulnerable Vagrant?


You're going to be at disadvantage because it's going to be right next to you.


Can I do a nature check on this? Is this similar to the broken glass that I collected before?


Okay. I stop.


Oh yeah, we have to send the guards to find the evidence! Oh god!


So that’s another, at least, what? Eleven thousand?


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself really fast.


Wow. There's some amazing-- just a side note, there's one called Heal that can heal a person 70 hit points.


Oh. That is a 14.


And it says, "Help. Cleric." That works. They'll get the idea. Hold on to him. Get on. I am going to turn into my giant raven form again.


Although, I think probably, Fjord, I should be the one paddling the boat because I'm a bit stronger than you.


"Time is of the essence, and should I not have it by the end of--"


It's like, look at the beading!


Because we might still fight all those things. Nine damage. No, sorry, ten damage.


At the top of the Zauber Spire?


It's like the Simpsons Frogurt scene.


Okay. Still disadvantage?


Do you have any weapons left on you?


I thought Celestial sounded more like singing.


Thanks for your time, Pumat!


With pleasure.


(whispering) Please please please please please...


I run up behind Grog.


It is very beautiful.


I pass the last of the Green Tear Whisky. For Dotty. Doty.


Yeah, three of those.


Okay! What are we fucking doing? What are we doing?


Level four.


Oh, that was from 300 hours ago! I misspoke.


You'll have a friend in us, that's for sure.


I love coconuts.


I don't know if we can get Barack Obama, you guys.


Yeah, I like it a lot.


Exactly. We don't want to deal with two ancient dragons.


Yeah, we do know a smuggler.


I think that was my fault. (laughter)


They're very quiet.


You know what? I'll--


Well, let's just use the magic you already expended first.


I put them on.


Perception with advantage. That's awful! That's terrible. 14.


I will use a bonus action to level two Healing Word myself.


I think that's a good thing.


The fucking glove. The glove is like--


It'll get better. It'll get better.


Yes. Am I smoldering?


Well, most of my... my heaviness and visions were about you.


Oh shit. 17, oh, saving throw. 21.


I'm going to rush to him and see if I can grapple? I'm so bad at grappling.


So it misses.


I drop the reed that's in my hand, and I start to play with the flames that start to light on the edges of my fingers. As I slowly bring them together, there's a musical interlude that starts to play and shoots towards the manticore. Diving down her throat, and bursting through the chest of her, and exploding her heart. You know what? I did that out of love. For someone who just lost their child.


Oh, this is going to be awful. Wow. That is cruel.


Keyleth, do that same thing to the lower one. Same marking?


The outer walls of the city?


Yeah, they told me I was special. I was important to them somehow.


Magic sparkles.


Have you not?


Ja, that is correct.


How far is the chamber?


These fucking peanuts are amazing. Not sure what I'm eating, but I think they're peanuts. Might be nails.


Yeah okay. Oh, that's not so good. That is a six.


Okay. Lift with the legs!


That's so mean!


I'm ripping off a patch.


Have you had any dealings with the goliaths that are in Westruun?


Anybody have questions? He's not going to be here long, I can tell you that. Not at 14 weeks.


Spinning orb of death, is what we call it.


Ugh. That's a long time.


That's no better, actually.


Yeah, but I have lots of money. I don't need it.


You know what? I think this might be worse than just like a bruised rib. Can I poke it? Does it seem infected?


We could also leave word for where we're going.


So in this room, let's say you're her, and we're all where we are, and the giants are behind the group, is that about right?


Don't. Fuck. Me. Gil. It's fine. Gil did all right.


Mostly exploratory. Like I said, we just didn't have any information at all. I didn't know if we were going to be burying more bodies, or dealing with an increasingly angry dragon.


I burned a whole turn doing that, didn't I?


I don't mind starting out that way.


Why don't we have Doty open it?


How did-- didn't you just--?


I was going to ride Trinket so that there were three for them.


And I say. My Freunde--


We're all right here.


Wednesday night.


I don't want to get wet.


I point and say  Oh! Look at that one, with the carving, it's amazing!


I've run out of doors. (laughter)


I lean over, I Druidcraft a pebble, toss it in the hole.


We're going here.


Really bad.


And as I get closer, mid-swan dive, I'm gonna turn into my earth elemental, and grab him, and take him down with me.


Well, it's still there. It's just not holding it. Wait, no, it's gone.


Aw, that's sad.


No, furthest south I've been, I think, is Trostenwald.


(whispering) What the fuck?


Don't poke the DM.


Out loud.


Hex him.


Not a gelatinous cube!


I think so. (laughter)


No, because it'll hit me. I mean, I guess it'll hit me anyway, right?


I'm riding Trinket.


Can I roll hit dice?


It is. It's a human centipede.


I flip it to the blue side, cobalt.


Basically, wood paddles on our feet.


And take them to an orphanage.


Why are we doing this?


Oh my gosh, we'll have to get horses, too. Well, let's go.


I don't see a door.


Yeah! What was your first kiss like, though?


Attack him! Get him!


I'll look over at Nott.


It's bad. It's two.


Oh, that's weird where did that come from? I shouldn't wear such loose sleeves, you guys. That was really obvious.


Guys, guys.


Yes! They're the ones who are suggesting the song!


I was going to say, once I'm out and about, about once every 30 seconds I will lean on something, pretending like I'm slightly drunk, and I will go into Frumpkin's vision from above, just for five seconds, to look at the activity on the boat and where those guards are, and then go out of it.


Does it say where this dragon lives?


I'm gonna go work for a little bit.


Well, we came-- well, first, I wanted you to meet Taryon, our new friend.


I can raise the dead.


Guys, stuff.


I've been tracking them for a while.


Wait. Who's Viscon? Which one is he?


We burned one of them.


We could do it like Hercules and just keep making it reproduce!


Where are you getting a drink at?


We didn't want to harm you, so we thought if we just made it look to those silly, dumb lycans like we hurt you. By throwing paper balls, if you will.


All right. I rolled a natural 1.


And he still has more hitpoints than we do.


Nope, all out.


Yeah, then there's no problem whatsoever.


It's Telekinesis, I can picture it and--


I'm out of pastries. I'm out of money and I'm out of pastries.


Sure is.


Don't we have an airship?


So I just punch him. Simply a punch. Bigby's Hand!


May be my last death.


You took less than a hundred. How many hit points did you have?


He's got a spiderweb right in the armpit.


Three times?


I think that if we're going to find them anywhere, it might be around here. Might be we can take some through trade. Maybe some might fall off a Bastion or two.


Trademark!


What about, like, (squeaking noises).


Thank god, because I rolled a one. 14?


I just want it to be a magical weapon.


Pass me Shakäste.


Wait, really?


Oh, shit, I forgot.


Dueling dictionaries.


Why, though? But I won it.


That would've been a smart move.


No. You gave that to Scanlan. Here's your deck. Still don't use it, still don't look at it, it's still very dangerous! But I want you to know that I trust you with it.


Of course. Well.


Yeah. Whiskey!


Maybe we should--


Oh my god, he looks so dreamy.


Nah, fuck it.


So, he's naked.


Thank you. I'll take two strikes at the elephant's ass. That's a one.


That's fine, but I have Vow of Enmity so I have permanent advantage at the moment.


I was talking to --


Well, Vax is inside of the kraken.


Which is a good amount, I have a feeling.


She can see and cast spells!


These my people.


Oh, I'm so nervous.


Yes! I kneel down and I get right up to his bits.


(whispering) I thought we bamfed into it.


Modifier stays the same.


Solid.


That's the end of those skeletons, though. They're about to go away.


Eiselcross.


Yeah, but I listened to her real hard when she was talking.


That's Westruun?


Kiri, are you cool with staying with Yasha for the whole night?


Can I take my... Can I attach the Blood Axe to my Chain of Returning and hurl it at the rakshasa?


What about my shark? Does it get an attack of opportunity?


I guess all of us can sit at the table because of the people--


I don't know, I feel like you can excite me. I feel like there's something that you have to show that's really exciting. I'm not entirely sure it's all about stamina, I think you've got something-- you did that on purpose. Talk to me like I'm a child, show me something I've never seen before.


It's invisible. Okay, I come up out of the water and I use my earring to communicate that to everyone else.


Do you have Identify?


Somehow, a stamp with an upside-down airplane is worth a fortune. This, obviously, is more rare.


I guess me.


Maybe a moderate.


Let's just do our jobs. I've got a cannon to fix.


Yennen? Yevon? Yennen?


Upper 90s.


(groans) There's a bunch of bullshit on this wall and a raven's head, and I don't know what any of it fucking means.


You have.


Motherfucker! Let's go to Vasselheim.


You can learn a lot of things from being punched in the face.


It's just like getting married, Keyleth.


Because he looked bony.


Both of you! You're both-- he can only do one person.


I rolled a big fat six.


Should we fan out a bit? Cover a couple corners, so we can still see each other?


Here's two gold.


We understand.


Oh, they can see me? Can I turn a corner and drop Disguise Self?


No, just for about an hour.


It seems to be very acidic.


I'm going to walk in. Yeah, this is really nice. (laughter)


Should I? Caleb, do you have any more?


Excuse me, and I lurch and prop myself up against a wall and push back. Excuse me. I just had a very harrowing night.


Oh. My name is Kerr.


Do you want to disguise yourself, before we do this?


You want to go out and explore a little bit?


Vax! Did you see that?


That’s fine.


You grabbed the stone before I had a chance to finish what I was doing. Why did you do that?


Necrotic, four.


Uh, 25.


I'm good, didn't understand.


And I use the strength of the shot to pick myself up and keep on running.


For her, yeah, I mean I got to give it to her, yeah.


And so do you know what happened to him?


Sort of.


Disappeared, like was stolen?


I've been reading my alchemy books.


Got to be honest with him.


That is our offering, too. It's all our offering.


At least wall it off on our way out.


Oooh! He's still got it!


Let's try later. Why don't we do things we've done before? (laughter)


Yay. Six points.


I'm way back there, not even looking.


I think I oddly feel the most comfortable when things are a fraction away from going terribly wrong.


You shouldn't call them "arcane copies." They have their own personalities and their own self. You should appreciate them.


Yeah, it's a very paladin thing.


Yes, for now.


How many rooms do you have?


Can I test something real quick? If I pull out the magic carpet or I take it back from whoever the fuck had it, and I stand on it, does it hold me up or do I sink?


Do they look like they can hear us?


Why don't we slay the dragon first, and then--


All right, so that is four, plus seven is 11, plus-- okay, that's 17, 21, thank you. 26, 30, 33. 33 with keen dagger.


Come on, first roll of the night! Be fucking amazing.


Slow burn.


I'm about to tell you. Be careful. They can go into the walls and earth glide, so watch your feet.


Yes, you can.


I know! You make a cameo. A lot of people make cameos.


Can we get the horse over to them?


Can you dispel Seeming?


(out of breath) You did good.


Fellow carpenter!


We're all going to die now.


Because he's a dick.


I'm just starting.


I'll go get everybody.


No, let's wait until Allura's here, I think, and we can--


Oh wait, with Pass Without a Trace?


I've made my way upstairs?


(gasps) Oh my god, oh my god!


I always heard that she was going to stage a coup. Did she finally stage one? (laughter)


I'm going to not say anything but do the "be pleased" motion.


Okay, so I have advantage on stealth?


Window-seal.


(Scottish accent) She's the special dwarf.


I'll do it. 12.


Not a wisdom save.


I've been very depressed, you know.


Go Charlotte, go! You're radiant!


Can I have Trinket attack?


Careful, those fingers are loaded.


Have you asked them?


I'll use my movement to back up about 15 feet just outside of the chamber.


His name is Trinket.


I dunno, I think he might be with her a long time. He might be learning a few things. It could take all night.


You just rolled over it.


You know, I love that idea. Small thing, though. Time, again, is of the essence.


Six of one, half a dozen of another. Order of the story.


We don't have to stop there, that's fine.


Go, run!


Let's find the bar, please!


Has your life been leading up to this moment, or has your life been leading up to everything that happens after this moment?


Greyjoy.


No, I'm not going to do that.


21 points of damage.


(quietly) What is this, 1d10 plus five? Oh, that's ten. 18. 18?


But if you can heal him for a point--


The queen? What kind of queen?


I roll it across the floor to him. Catch!


That does not hit me.


I can't wait to see this other side.


What was that thing you said about honesty earlier? I can't remember.


Trust the local.


Welcome to the chain gang.


We're whispering.


I would stand in front of the symbols on the triangle, personally.


Do we see Percy when he comes in?


And like the second grader I am trying to write in cursive I have my tongue sticking out like-- and I shift from using the middle finger down to the ring finger because we're being nice. And I go for-- are you right-handed?


Are you cock-blocking in the keep?


Can I rage? I don't know if I can do that.


Keg doesn't have object permanence. [laughter]


Are you afraid you'll be propositioned on the street?


At, you know--


I'm a big fan of this.


Oh, that would be great.


Oh great!


Hello. So, I figured you would have a little bit of an easier time if you know the names of the people that you're spending time with. I had him make you some, I don't know, maybe some flash cards. So, I take out a quill. I hold up a photo. Who is this?


Yes. I will dash away, but I can't hide. I will dash behind those rocks to my right.


Should we go kill it?


It won't work?


We're not going to kill civilians!


You're letting Whitey go back to sleep, then?


It couldn't hurt.


Knock it off!


I would hope so.


We don't know what's in there.


That's the same embarrassment that you feel about us; the way we're feeling about you now.


We sat for 8 hours at the same table, and we couldn't talk to each other because we weren't allowed to make noise.


Unpaid now, so now they're squatters.


I'm going to try and move behind him so-- I'm not, like, in his eye cone, am I?


Oh, fuck it. And it's a full day's rest? It's a long rest.


This letter perhaps on its own is not enough, but with the seal, if we have a matching letter planted in HR’s home--


Good object work!


You're just leaving?


Go back inside the tavern.


Oh, it was my spit. I was choking on my own spit.


See? And he wonders why I didn't ask.


Haven't even gotten her backstory yet.


Why don't you get that man a drink?


Oh, shit. Okay, with disadvantage?


The Brooklyn Strategist. Check it out if you're in New York or Brooklyn.


Yeah! No, on you, of course. I see that this is going down and I'm going to cast a quick Healing Word. That's--


I'll come back when I'm fucking rich, aight?


I like to walk.


Wouldn't that be great if she could just talk to you through the poo?


Remember there are some dwarves being held captive. We can make our way to them and release them.


I pop it and I'm just going to try and start solventing away the glue with grease, with fatty grease and alcohol.


He still has more than me.


I'm gonna do a little bit of work on that first trick arrow. On the trap arrow. Since I've got a little time.


There's the Ashkeep.


No, it's okay. Go ahead.


This is true! It could help out. Let them know the god of the sun is on their side.


All right, I'll look. I've also got darkvision, so-- 12.


Yeah, this is like what Dr. Seuss warns us about as kids.


Yeah, hard.


Yes, I know, but it's still going, so technically it's an automatic 1d12 damage.


On a personal level, or?


Not that I'm not a man of incredible wealth. Would you be interested in anything besides coin?


I'm on my way towards the docks.


Yeah, it's the same. 18. No, lying. 20.


Vex and I are going and-- are you coming as well?


She will rush up next to Beau towards the half-orc captain.


There is something to fight for, damn it!


Is there a way that we could split them up somehow?


You're talking about your disengage. Don't worry about it.


I'm already down. I'm not there anymore.


And I'm immune to fright. (cackles) Like always.


We don't even know who they are yet, though.


Were you a fat kid?


Great, well, I'll take that.


Oof, I throw the gas mask on.


I assume the castle's going to be doing a run of this anyway, but I want to see the trinkets.


Yeah, well, you know.


The third house.


Disadvantage on wisdom saving throws.


Flip them over, they have good graphics on the cover.


Oh my god-- do I still have enough time to do a bonus reaction to try and save her with a Grasping Vine, or is she gone?


There are real pirates. We're going to get on a boat with them and go to another, to see other pirates, but everything's okay. Everything's going to be fine, because Fjord has convinced them that he's the guy that we killed before, except with a massive throat laceration.


Just saying, these guys clearly have reach and I don't think we want to have all of us tangle with them.


(laughs) Oh my Grog.


That's a separate question, isn't it?


Well, there you are. What's going on?


Yeah, no, we were fighting crazy beasts and monsters and all this talk of serpents, I feel--


We've been tinkering on the ship, so.


Oh! (fake sobs)


You're a dick!


Ooh, boy.


Oh, that's right, I'm going to do that! That's better. 17.


Armor fluffer?


I hear him say "Um," and I jump down, too. With the Flametongue dagger out for light.


Okay, got it, got it, got it.


Which dice? I haven't rolled this dice yet. Maybe it will be kind.


I'm going to send Frumpkin down again.


I received a letter! (laughter)


The geology starting to look familiar?


My dress is nice, I don't know what you're talking about.


Firbolgs are amazing.


You're right there.


I don't know. It's been a day. It's hard to gauge.


Natural one. I'm really not paying attention.


The way we came from? We could always give her a horse--


Are you planning on fighting with us? Helping us?


With this flash of action, I mask my voice and go: I've got five gold on the horny one!


Running, running?


I'm not sensing my Hex? Not at all?


We're all going to the circus.


I will go straight.


Like the Macy's Day Parade. No. But it'll be up that early. Now that we've had an awesome year of amazing Critmases, we've had a few ideas that the Critters actually gave us to focus the idea of Critmas a little bit.


It just seems-- you're the biggest, maybe?


Yeah, we're trying to get out of here as fast as we can. How are you feeling?


I feel like I'm already sweating.


Do me a favor. Roll up his tent, keep it inside. If he comes back to ask for it--


I feel you should be completely honest with us from this point on, because you know, honesty, it's the easiest thing to remember.


I know. Not as helpful as I had hoped. I can see an object's history--


Ah, so pretty.


This is not the worst deal I've ever heard.


Gilmore looked at it.


Yeah, we're great entering doors. Great history with doors. Let's go.


Then I'm going to, for my action as Jester, go and try to hold the door shut for the under--


We are not devils.


We lost them.


A miasma.


Let's all remember his feet don't actually touch the ground.


And Bahamut is the platinum--


And I'm going to Hunter's Mark it!


Skeletons everywhere.


I quickly get on my hands and knees, and I start moving the sand around, looking for one just like it, just to make sure it's unique.


What pack?


Get close to me!


So we're talking about no rest. I'm not talking about a short rest.


Is there a second floor?


But what to smelt in?


Your lightning, it doesn't make a storm around it, right? It's just a lightning bolt. We couldn't--


Start 813.


Remember, last time I was supposed to create a diversion...


But that’s not the total yet. Vex has to talk about the rest of what we want.


Oh, Prince of Thieves-style?


The horses will slow, the people will slow.


Keg, as in booze or powder. Explosions et cetera. What's your name?


Oh, god. Grog!


Slow but there.


Yeah, you could do it if you want.


Hey, buddy. LAURA (sing-songy) Welcome back!


That would be even better, if we could get our hands on--


It just killed you.


I've got a gator skin.


All right. We will go.


Recently completed a ritual in the Shadowfell.


It's really hard to count up here.


Computing.


Well, we can't, can we?


It's really clever.


Me. And I think you cast it on Scanlan.


For the first time ever.


Okay. Let's catch up with the others.


What are you guys doing coming this way?! We were going the other way!


She has just blinded us all in holy light is what I'm assuming.


Shoot, you're shooting your gun! Be Percy!


I'm going to bap this guy in the head. I'm going to just flip the blade and strike him across the forehead.


How far away is she?


I can also just cast Daylight, by the by.


I was gonna toss in way more, but you guys picked up the check.


Who knows what will happen at the live show?


In your anus! That's what she yells, she's like, in your anus!


Seven, nine, plus nine is 37. 37 points of damage.


These arms are worth a lot.


A toast, then!


What, scooch over one? Yeah, I'll scooch over one. Take a side step to line them up.


I'd like to make a perfunctory insight check just to see if there's anything hinky.


I'm just going to check under the beds, that's it.


"Oh, okay! Oh, hold on!"


Doesn't matter! Still hit! Six damage of radiant.


How long have we been up?


I'm taking my cues from you, here.


Does it make mixed drinks?


Well, we have five miles ahead of us.


Dragonborn for life.


She has to duck down.


I bought a nice meal for you the other night.


You were at five. You couldn't have been at zero.


No, that was my bonus.


No magic?


Yeah, but I do have many gifts, though.


Eat it, Hotis!


Collapse in the wall.


She has to hit 11 or under.


(whispers) I'm that bad.


Before she left! Before she left.


Let them go!


I would like to take a look into it if possible, and see if it makes sense. I am a builder.


Now that that's been taken care of, who is an authority that I may speak to?


They might not be able to return.


How far apart are each of the bars?


They've got business cards? That is so cool.


The pit is six feet deep.


(groans) Oh, come on! (laughter)


Is that what one of the things was?


Doty cannot come on the carpet.


Blessed child. You are alive. Your saviors have come.


They're taking the path that we're not on, right?


What does it do?


Well, I'm gonna perception check that shit.


We found a single walkie-talkie.


Was that negging?


It's the egg sack.


I'll back away from it.


Unless it's a wand that makes doughnuts or pickles, then I probably won't try to steal it, probably.


Wait, wait. For my bonus action, I'm going to cast Hex, I mean, not Hex, Hunter's Mark on Ripley.


Are they humanoid sized?


Yeah. It's-- the other bar would actually be enough.


We've got to kill that motherfucker!


All of it. And as far as-- you see that line?


So can I, at least, use my bonus to pick up the pieces and--


Save? Check? Ten. Check or save?


Where did you look? What did you see?


We'll change the plan.


♫ If I only had a brain ♫


Sharpshooter doesn't double the distance?


And I'm still on my broom.


Oh! That's not going to be good for him.


23 for my third attack.


It starts over.


We've got to do a giveaway, so I am opening the floodgates.


I gently fall asleep under Percy's workbench, where I've been hiding this whole time.


It'll be fine. When we leave this place, all these people die, anyway.


Oh, Yasha followed us, she wasn't starting down here.


And Matt? As we ran, I wanted to split off from the group and go up along the side.


We should definitely take that frozen man.


Yeah, I think so. I mean, it's not dead.


What? A present for me? On stream?


Ten points, 15 points.


I would love to take a last look at the snake iconography and the bits that have been added to see how well-- I don't want to fudge them or anything, but where's there a keyhole? Are these things attached to the wall? What's the deal?


I know, these suck.


Got the sac, now what? Do you have any more flasks or anything to put it in?


How did you find, if you don't mind me asking, yours?


Ship. Ship, it's a ship.


(breathless) Oh yeah, sorry. (laughter)


It's on and off.


That may be breakfast.


No, now we can electrocute them and they're wet!


de Rolos, roll out!


17 and 19.


Kill him, kill him!


Do it, baby.


We could do both.


It's fine, I'll wear him out.


He's going to eat a bag of holy dicks is what you're saying, right?


Why is he leading Scanlan, what's happening?


Fair.


How was that?


(to the tune of the Pink Panther theme) Dead-ent dead-ent--


Because you don't read your emails.


Wait, why are all the other things invisible? Does that mean those are other things that are going to attack us?


Oh no! What happened?


And third of all, that was a killing blow!


I feel like we're missing at something really hard.


13, 14, 15.


Do you wear armor, Yasha?


He tripped at the finish line!


How many buildings?


Why doesn't she just owe us one favor to be claimed later?


Does he wear them all the time? Does he put them in a chest?


He has no reaction.


I have this Blink candle. It's formed from various animals that blink and if-- that has trans-dimensional properties, very good properties. The best kind of robust properties that I can throw it in, and it might help stop the-- from-- all of that.


What if some shitty 11-year-old kid just runs up and hits it?


I just want to get a vibe on them. I want to do an insight check and see what I think of them.


Can I hop on Trinket's back and see if I can see higher?


Are we free of traps in this little--


Checking for traps, investigation right? 20.


(as Grog) Yeah, you've got a rage.


We've never done that before.


It was Rissa's idea.


I go over the comms and I say  hey, Vex, Pike, I think I just found the new hangout spot for the ladies--


Farewell, Cornelius.


I thought that he would be able to see from the air, and I thought that would be safer, so no, I'm sorry.


Yeah, I can, actually.


Yo, you can buy it or you can collect all 48 pinecones and then you just unlock it. It's like that.


Unbeam-say!


Okay. Molly, I'll get you as soon as he moves. Okay? So that he doesn't hit me. Okay?


Well, Greenbeard can probably heal Kevdak.


Yes! Yes, I can!


Yeah, we did, and it's sad.


I cannot see anything except for Fjord, so if I move forward up to where he is, am I able to see any gnolls or any other kind of baddies where I am?


Roll a d20 real quick, just for that.


I ritually cast Identify on the bracelet.


No, I'd love to.


Were there six of them?


We understand your position, unfortunately you find us in a precarious time. As you can see, we don't have all of our fellows here with us and this morning's news caught us unawares. We'd need a fair bit of time to consider your offer, I'm afraid. We can't give you a yes or no right now.


Wrapped in cloth.


We celebrate everything.


I don't know how many of these there are!


How high is he up from about there?


I think he swung at something.


That's so cool. Who can use a shield? Do we have any shields?


(as pigeon) Coo! We're never coming back here, coo! (laughter)


Well, try it clockwise then, Schmidt.


28 for the first arrow. Plus the four lightning damage.


Or, god forbid, if something happens to us, they know where to retrieve our bodies.


Were Zahra and Kash petrified, or--


Sorry about that.


Okay. I'll find something in the loot, some little chest or something that I can put it in.


It's possible. I have a feeling they're having a hard time finding any sort of hoard to offer after this many days.


Started?


So sit here.


Yeah, that sounds perfect to me.


You'll release the prisoners?


That one doesn't work either. (mock-crying) Okay, that's good. 23!


Yasha and I can try and pin it down, maybe corner it.


Eight, so 18 points.


Jake Bodro asked what's it like playing for three hours in front of 2,500 people? I think our games have gotten a little bit better, only because when we play privately, there were sometimes lulls, where we weren't sure what to do, we would go off to bathroom, we would take a break. But now there's a little bit of the element of theater to it. Just a sprinkle of it. And it kinda of gooses the energy up.


What if I were to do a very strange accent?


It would be great if you could both take me!


We didn't take a left yet?


Have they cleared the way?


It's Scanlan's choice.


Yeah. Who wants to go with me to go get our stuff?


(whispers) Wow.


I have a really long-- I'm just going to shoot a couple arrows just to be sure.


You're smarter than I thought, you.


It's so gorgeous.


I just remembered.


Yeah! Except for that guy. Right? But no, I love you guys, give yourselves a big hand, thank you so much. (cheering)


Sniper, starring Billy Zane.


If I may, you raise a good point, Nott. If we for some reason get caught being where we're not supposed to, I think that writ only allows us to kill this beast and return it for the coin.


(whispers) Can I just shoot an arrow?


(uncertain laughter)


That can't be good. Okay...


Yes. Thank you!


Going, going, gone, gotta go?


I think we'll get answers from Allura.


And security blankets.


Don't. Move.


Intelligence!


Oh, all right.


All right. I like the idea of someone going back to get Kima. I think one tunnel on this side, one tunnel on the other side, and one tunnel on the top of the ravine on either side, if you can do that.


It is. Four. (laughter)


Before?


Are you real?


You said things or people? Is this a body-sized hole?


Where's he going?


Ooh, is that a Cabernet Sauvignon?


We understand. Thank you for sharing with us.


I say  Hey Keg-- no wait, that's your name-- Hey Lorenzo, this one's for Beau-- no, fuck! I'm getting all my names fucked up because I'm so stressed out! This one's for Molly and Yasha, because we failed on this before. I'm going to get it right this time. I'm going to take my tinderbox and light it, and I'm going to-- right onto him, light him on fire.


I'll do that as well. It's exactly what I have.


Oh man, that's a good one. Winner. That's a blue-ribbon echelon.


Exits? Do we see any exits?


To fix it, okay. That's fine; it was shitty damage anyways. Hey, I get to keep the bullet.


It's been a while, is the monkey Smokey or the Bandit? I can never remember.


He's a power top.


We also have this Scrying Eye. Can I use this remotely?


Yeah, that's what I meant. Sorry.


She said 16.


You also wanted to hear the music. That didn't go well. We've got a bow to get you.


Okay. So we're going to misty form towards the city and see if we can...


That's unclear at this point, isn't it?


Yeah, Pike's great.


(quietly) There's no way to stealth here, is there? Cover ourselves in ash or something to make us less visible?


Siebzehn is seven.


No! It's every lovely we should just stay here all day.


No? Okay, we'll just go.


Oh shit, the whispers. If you haven't read the comics, check it out on geekandsundry.com.


Let's search the upstairs first, see if there's a body or otherwise.


He's not. Many diseases.


I like that! You vamp, baby, you do whatever. Do what you do. SAM; All right, and when it doesn't work, Sonny, can we fight him right there in the Arches? Will people be like, "What the fuck's going on? Arrest them all!"


We're here to deal with the safe house.


This is new. These haven't been here long. I'm not very strong; do you want to start hucking rocks?


I know, I'm so confused.


Kiri is right here.


He might get demoted, a couple day's pay.


Oh my god, this is insane. DC equals eight plus your proficiency modifier plus your dexterity modifier?


Four gallons, easily.


I figure since I'm an eel, I'm gonna attack this thing.


That's true, the middle is the safest. I'll take the front with Yasha, I'm assuming.


Okay. Fair enough.


It was a choice, you know. Everybody else was like, "Let's get drunk!" and I was like, "That is really bad and I should probably stay sober."


Do you think he's trying to swim all the way to the other side or you think he's just going around the lake?


Enchanter Purvon-- Permansol?


I know. It's been a minute. Since your one-shot, right?


Nice lightning strike as you said that, by the way. It was like--


Oh. Wow. You have interesting perspectives. Hey, weird question, how do you guys come up with your acts? Is that something that you guys create yourselves, or do you guys workshop it?


Roll it again!


(guard impression) "What's all this, then?"


I'm hasted; do I have one or two attacks at this point?


That was helpful. Super helpful.


So the dragon could probably like fly away with it.


I'd probably do it the other way around?


The code was where? You said there was a code, I thought?


Yeah, distract them and make them go away.


Apricot?


All right, are the dominoes just like on a table?


That's 12 points of damage, plus five points of necrotic damage.


What if he came here, was killed, and was sent to come get us to bring us back as feeding for whatever's down there?


And I jump out the motherfucking window.


Sure, I would love to give her an inspiration dice.


I've been doing the dust of tracelessness.


Yeah, whatever that was. Not without me feeding it to them first. I mean, I've conned people. We've all conned people. I've used other names before.


It really is. I have a plus two in this campaign, also. Good grief.


My whole action?


Wait, who's-- who's paying?


All right, and that's my turn.


Yeah, so that she doesn't have to walk through the muck.


The place we're going to.


Oh yeah, I just love them so much.


And we decided I don't get my fire hands when I'm a water elemental?


Can we have you Identify the plate armor that the big guy was wearing, so we can see if it's magical?


This is a reaction. I'm doing a Blood Maledict. The next two attacks are disadvantage.


Yeah, I'm just--


Yeah, sure he can. We just don't want crownsguard thinking we're walking around a hooded person.


More of the what?


Enough with the dick jokes.


I don't think I did, though. (laughter)


He never gets it right. Phillip, thank you.


J'mon.


We need a safe, is what we need.


Not at all. We have room in Molly and I's room.


Let's all get some rest, shall we?


Come on, Trinket, come on.


With Yasha.


Never mind. Damn it, never mind.


Oh shit! No!


I don't have any money to throw at this.


That, my lads, was a dragon.


Oh, and what else? It was diamonds. Diamonds and secrets. Secret diamonds.


No! I want to go try to break through the grate.


He doesn't hit me.


Scanlan, she's metaphorically handing you the Quall.


I love you for doing *NSYNC.


A dirty mafia check?


Yeah. See if he'll come down here for a moment.


Something terrible is brewing.


I got new shit! (impacts)


You're going through a change, my friend, and that's not a bad thing. (laughter)


This comes from research you have done, that you have read up on? Would you be able to share this reading with me, so that we are fully prepared?


And you die.


I thought Percy gave me that mask.


Want the hourglass gone. They freak me out.


It has spines in its tail.


If we deem it safe, maybe someone could look out this other exit because, probably, something is down here with us, but mayhaps above the grate, this thing lives in a house perhaps. I don't know, I'm spitballing.


Do I get advantage?


And then as I pass my sister, I yell, she went this way. She's invisible.


That was true.


That's 43.


I go over to one of the cages, the nearest left one.


Heal thyself!


Mushroom cloud, that was great.


So I can go 45 feet? I assume they haven't gone that far. Can I catch up with them?


I have no intelligence bonus.


Authorities.


She really will.


Yeah, it's 11.


Twiggy!


It's hard to resist sneaking in.


Well here, take an advantage.


I totally shit the bed on that one, guys, and I apologize. I had things I wanted to do.


This is like the King of Kong.


Entschuldigung, I'm sorry. Now the owl is pitter-patting on Avantika's hat.


I bet that’s very expensive...


I remember this. Okay. That's a wall covered by that paper there that you don't need to uncover, right?


Okay, I'm gonna use Uncanny Dodge.


We're lighting up now?


I'm thinking, having no knowledge of magic, that we either want to somehow push all four of these buttons at once, as my sister said, or light this brazier, or both.


Fenthras can do Bramble Shot, which I already did. 17?


That's disappointing. I kick it.


Let's form up, stick close.


What the fuck is happening?


Yeah, let's go towards the door.


He's fine, he's fine.


Do I have that somewhere?


We can camp, but it's only been 6 or 7 hours since we woke up, really.


It might just be guards.


It's a DC ten, plus five for each divine trammel.


Well, she's making friends with everybody. I don't see any of you making friends.


Eventually. But right now, just go to your--


In my life. (laughter)


Oh nearsighted, I understand.


Give me 12 minutes and I'll have this armor off.


Who said that? Who said that?


It's clear water.


Pinkie's up. Tea-time.


The eyeball's soft, let me throw one more time at the eyeball. Yeah, I throw the hammer at the eyeball.


Is she a jeweler?


He's reading our lips.


Such a stickler. (cheering)


She should really take one hit point of damage. (laughter)


Yeah. Do you have some healing potions?


I cannot believe I'm about to say this. I'm inclined to believe the god. They're in the position where trying to trick us out of leaving is not necessary. They could've just told us to leave and be done with it. That information just wouldn't suit them, I don't think.


Do we know who it is?


It's a cleric thing.


Yesh.


We have the knowledge that we can't take him by surprise.


Okay, cool. Anything else?


Okay. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity. I'm going to make it look like he's kneeling down in the doorway, praying. Then I'm going to run up, and I want to start painting up the Platinum Dragon.


That is the darkest thing I've ever seen. That is amazing.


Me too. (all laugh)


Full view of the eyeball, like, "Fuck you".


I run and jump for it.


Jester, will you come look at my eyes? They feel a little bloodshot, I'm not feeling well after my encounter with the rats.


Oh yeah, Dimension Door!


What's your alignment?


So I have advantage now?


Shush. This one and myself will take one room.


Oh my god. Oh wait, we got to jump into all these things?


I'm going to cast, again, Detect Good and Evil, and do a swoop around and see if I sense any creatures or magically consecrated objects.


This the big tent that you guys were just in?


I go, "I want to find this wax seal," and it will help me find the one that’s closest.


Well, I imagine we'd go to his home. Our home. His home.


Are you coming back? Come back, come back!


And at the moment it is currently a shrine to the Raven Queen, so that works out well.


Cautiously.


Oh, and the feast is gone too, isn't it?


Am I in there as well?


We're good. We're very, very good.


What time of day is it now?


Okay, you're in.


Yeah, I don't think he's going to understand.


N-I-E-N, Nein.


Also, Nott, mask up for sure, yeah? For sure. Maybe earmuffs, it's very cold.


Okay, because I was like ten seconds away from casting Eyes of the Grave.


We should just leave. (laughter)


Yay, first livestream!


I turn to one of the guards of Vasselheim.


Extra pay would soften the blow.


Should we maybe go in?


Let it out. Let it out.


It's very dark still, also.


I'll fire two blasts of Eldritch Blast at it.


Did we already have it? From last time?


Fruit juice, maybe?


Keyleth, where are you right now?


There's only two of you left?


You're just sitting and drawing in a basket!


Is-- Oh! I--


I'm going to take a whack at the one that's right next to Keyleth.


The gates are solid.


A magical vault somewhere you could send this thing to be far away?


Fuck! I do it again.


Let's count our money first before we make that decision. But I'm mainly concerned what Pike feels about taking control of this evil, evil house.


I don't know what that means. I'm a holy man. I'm a priest of Ioun. I don't know about the undead.


That random book about fiends has all the answers about the fiend we're chasing. Let's go get it.


That's good. 18.


You had a song for me, I saw it!


He walks away.


Or, if he missed his constitution save, that means he's disadvantage on attacks until the end of his turn.


I got Loot Crate for my little brother. It's his nerd of the month club.


Oh! First roll to hit.


I am going to take the doorknob back.


All of them. And Astra.


This thing is awesome.


We can scry through the ring, right?


Do that more. It feels nice, the wind. Do that more. Slower.


The drinking coins, right?


He dictates all.


Yeah, it's like a big house.


Just to make sure that our home base is okay.


What if the necklace as a trace on it?


Your empress? Which empress would this be?


Oh, but I'm a little shy. Who am I meeting?


No, it was a really encouraging display. I was not expecting it to be so durable.


Molly, you have to teach me how to do that better, okay?


Fjord needs healing.


I was on the verge of bawling my eyes out.


We're going to go in or-- this doesn't seem very smart! I don't know.


Now, what do you mean "in the room"?


I'll hold up the back. I want to look around and see if I see anything that looks of value.


Do you wanna handle that?


We may be streaming from Comic Con, I don't know. We may be asking if you guys are gonna go through that hell hole.


Oh. Get it off?


Trying to have a moment, thank you.


What precisely did you have in mind?


Pike, can you check--


That's a neat trick.


So wait, it's still there?


It's so convenient!


I'm sorry, green. I haven't looked at the art.


Just the two of us, wandering through a city together?


I just peed a little.


Sharing space.


(Elmo voice) Elmosdaddy!


Ooh! They said that they would send someone to the room, right, Molly?


Yeah Algar, don't mess with the Ruby.


Oh, Jesus. It's not really my strong suit.


Well, that was kind of cool.


I use my earring.


Let's get our own! We'll get our own little booth.


I don't give a shit.


Can we go around it?


What? What? Why?


For him, right? For him? It's frustrating for him.


That's a shame, I know. Woo! Two nines, 18 points of damage!


I take one step back. on the sacred money pot of school. If you place a copper piece into this pot and say the magic words-- what's the magic word again?


(electric guitar riff)


No fucking way.


I'll take the next watch since I'm awake.


Nein will do.


That's 23.


How many dice are you able to build a night?


Like how? Do you sometimes hear things?


Are we in the tunnel?


Oh god. Are we giving up?


Oh, right, yeah, I should've hit the mind flayer with that arrow. No, it would've still hit Grog. Okay.


Now's the time? Polymorph only lasts-- is it an hour or ten minutes? I've got to learn this.


Are we really fighting this thing or are we running?


They generally run from crystals. I've seen that kind before.


Obviously not.


It's a special one.


Technically, isn't it flanked right now, too?


Pike, what did you roll for stealth? She's an apparition!


Especially for you, we had to, we had to fluff.


I'm going to keep getting shots and pouring them into my flask and going up and asking for another.


The action that I held coming up the stairs. Can I cast Enlarge?


You don't know, you don't know. You don't know.


Sure. Certainly, if we can put it in the Bag of Holding, that would be fine.


Everybody's grappled!


I would like to take a vial of holy oil that I have out of the Bag of Holding and keep it in my hand. Just out, so I don't have to get it out.


I think, like, Satine ran a game, like a half a decade ago that we played in together.


It's green.


It's always the kids, man. It's always the kids.


Why do you hang out with it?


You guys are really cool.


All right. 11.


Yeah. It's nighttime.


Ten-ten, halftime.


Such grace! Such form! Such dignity!


(whispering) Vax. Vax!


Like we did for the winter festival at our home game?


Okay. I don't know how much I have left. If I'm hasted, I would have 120 total, but that's halved, so 20 feet, because you said rough terrain. But I'm in the air?


I mean, that's very tricky. Once you're dead, there's a natural order to things. There's a movement that things have to go, but in certain cases, I'm sure.


Aren't these trees dangerous in their own right?


Fuck him up.


Yeah, because I'm crouched.


Nott, she said you were bad!


KatyaisaLie. Thank you.


Advantage on wisdom saves. Immune to poison.


It's a bit away from Vasselheim, if I remember. I did see a tree, right, that was near the town?


Okay. I'll see you soon! I miss you already!


That's good, that's 23.


Cool. Thank you.


Oh goodness gracious, we got to get all of our stuff. Do we need to bring our own binder to GenCon?


Once they're within range of us, I'm going to wait.


You lead us, we go straight there. Less than a thousand feet.


Then yeah!


Yes. All taken care of.


This is all heavily researched 1987 facts.


No, we are not going to get in trouble.


We are about to die. It is in your best interest to tell us.


Are they within 30 feet?


How about you tell us.


I like your technique!


You see this is like a simple-- sorry, it's like a simple tool. Sorry, I drooled a little.


Second one is 16, 17, yeah, that's 16 plus seven.


Oh, that's true. We are really camouflaged.


Some of these-- I remember we rolled charisma saving throws, though, for the umbers. They were charisma.


Let's clean up and head in that direction, I'd imagine.


The second option is that we just run for it.


You're you in the opening title sequence right now!


We're respectable.


Anyway, that's it.


Oh, thank god I have advantage.


You're not really in a position of power here, darling.


Hopefully soon, I never know. I'll try.


Or do.


Oh, please!


A fire elemental.


That was like Babe Ruth summoning a demon from hell.


Do I see this?


Now we know how many hit points it takes to kill a kitten. That will actually be useful. Five. Five hit points.


That's normal. He probably has more than that.


No, it's not right, right now.


Well, don't want to go in that way. I wave everybody down.


There's nothing. It's just a very reasonable reason not to take you too seriously.


Just ten more.


If anything, later in the day it gets worse. I'm just letting you know.


You got hit on the way to the city, not in the raid on the city?


I quite enjoyed how you worked my first name into that, actually. No one's ever done that before.


What? Why the-- why?


If he were human, Sam.


I can do a big ice storm or do something to take all these fuckers out at once.


But of course.


I don't know, can you get in there? Is the guts exposed?


So, advantage on this.


Does one need push for the summer to shine down its radiance upon us? No, we merely bask in its glory. Lo, my baby is perfection.


Oh, Ulog is a little girl.


I'm pretty sure they're the special edition ones. I haven't looked at the store, they're the red set, I think.


It is so late.


Oh no, 14 was the damage to it.


Whoa! Are you still you?


And fries and a coke!


They were tied up in a super grassy area with a shit-ton of water around.


Inspiration?


Best episode ever.


When we're in daylight savings time, it's DT. PST is when we're not in daylight savings.


Am I effectively sneak attacking the fool?


Does she look like she belongs here? Is she naked?


Anything? Do I notice any following me?


Oh. I don't partake in the use of armor.


Thank you, Jester, for saving my ass because the first roll was a four. The second one was a 15.


Check it out and get out before they get back.


I mean, reality is, two of us are stealthy. Everybody else is mediocre or worse.


Literally like 24 hours ago.


Cool. This is off to a really awesome start.


Mine. (laughter)


So that would have been 27.


That's only a 16.


Okay. That's good. Ten.


I'm very charming.


(awkward, forced laughter)


Plus? But you said advantage? Oh, right.


I lost 100 gold.


Scanlan, did you see how generous I was just then?


What's your confident face look like? More tongue. Little further. Yep. Little higher eyebrow on the right side.


Go Percy, go! That's pretty good.


That's even worse!


I just didn't know if she wanted to go get her.


No, it's a Russian nesting doll of boxes and crates.


Go in and what?


Oh, no, we're getting the cloak.


Shall we execute Manhattan Project?


We're not in the room, right?


For you to show him what you learned.


Yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that.


Oh, you know. Here we are. Oh boy. It's so good to see you guys. I've been working on the temple, and some people are great there, and some aren't. It's been great. I'm just so glad to be back. I got a couple of days off, so I figured I needed to come hang out with the group.


Sure, he can dig--


I know, we are so done.


Well, that's a one.


Then they dumped the bodies.


Prestidigitation. (all laugh)


I just assumed because I know you.


Falling?


Come on, Lyra. Killing blow.


Green skin tone, and got some piecemeal armor put together and stuff. My name's Fjord.


Was my first, yeah.


Well, I go with you.


That was how I lost to Grog in our battle.


We're a family that is down on our luck, because--?


And if not there you can always fight in the Crucible.


Yes. We all fit on it, right?


Oh hey! What's going on.


I'm sorry, look, it's just who I am.


So the weather outside is frightful?


All right. That's my turn.


We bake somebody a cake, we shove a candle in the top, and we give it to them.


It's not much. Oh, it's eight.


Hey, you're thinking about it the wrong way, Grog. It's the other way. You want to go down, not up.


Yeah! With your fire hands?


It's a bit aways. It's Kamordah.


I dip a finger.


He looks a little-- oh...


I started heading back to the boat.


Great. You, over there! Quickly! And I get their attention.


Baroness, no, baroness, actually.


So Caleb, you've got plus ten right now.


Percy, do we tip him? I don't know how this works.


Can we pick up the little loch ness monster and throw it at him or something?


Don't fight each other!


You know what? I won't, just in case I want to react to something else.


What's he doing?


No no no, I don’t think I’m uncon - wait, 24 points?


Hey, it's better than zero. Thank you. I'm alive!


Hit him. Oh, actually, 23. I forgot I had bracers on.


Group hug!


I give Vex a little push forward.


He can do anything with any instrument.


Do you have a seed of power?


Ja, I'm listening in Sylvan.


Ah not yet, not yet! Ugh! Okay.


12, I think. Yeah.


Can it actually kill Vecna, even though Vecna said it won't do us any good?


As an experiment, yes.


Does it have Jester's shield on it?


If we do the one more hour it's constitution checks?


Can you, yeah?


Do I need to check each lock?


I'm not getting far but I'm going to take the two boys--


How about no on that?


Yes, Baldrick's somewhere.


I think that's basically all I can do, though.


Why are you badgering him with questions?


When you do, (pink) can you give him this little gem for his flashlight? I can't spare many, but that will give him one flashlight.


Oh! Cupcake down!


That's-- I'm curious, how have your own experiments been going? Going well? (laughter)


Bring me another accent, aye.


I feel you. It's been making me pretty creeped out, to be honest, but I'm trying to hold together and keep chill. Chill. Lots of chill. It's hot, but--


I feel like it's a good idea.


We are very glad that you're back.


I don't know if anyone can hear you when you're whispering.


Super useful.


We should go. We should leave.


Ah! I want to get in on the melee party. May I run up to his opposite side?


I rolled a better stealth than him, though.


Well good, I'm glad I'm tip of the spear now. Jesus. (laughs) How did that happen?


Let's get out of here. Keyleth, it's a good idea. Destroy the temple.


Wife and guards is what I heard, and I was so fucking confused.


Do we need to drag these bodies?


You should have kissed her, Percy.


I already have all the merchandise.


You learned.


We abandoned Greyskull Keep.


This is the one that comes with the Harry Potter socks.


I really didn't either. I just--


No, she jumped already. It's you, Caduceus, and Fjord, I think.


We also need to protect our new friend, Lillith fair, over here.


3d10. I think so.


I have a feeling it's fucking fruit.


Well, the Herd will leave, I think.


Be nice to the Sun Tree.


Oh, balls!


Oh, that's the wrong thing. That's a 2d4.


The bad ones. They just pop in there.


My nut!


He was literally asking for a snitch. Now--


(like Marisha) I'm a bear.


Is it that thing where you die?


All right, she's gone.


210 silver, you said?


Ooh! This is not a save.


If she has a sphere and can talk to the serpent gods, I'm assuming she has some sort of magical powers, like you have magical powers. She has cool robes and is wearing an amulet; that just screams magic.


Really? Who would--?


Well, that wasn't good either. So one was a five and one was a ten. Do I add anything to that?


Can Trinket reach it?


Why? Why did you do it?


What was the name of the forest?


But I'm halved if I stand up anyway.


Okay, all right. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take the Greatsword and the Ring of Lightning Resistance and put it on the table.


I give him extra. Get me 20.


It kind of is.


Bren, are you down there? Hello?


We need to save the world.


Let me make one for right now.


All right, sure!


So those-- how close are the three to the top there, I don't have a laser pointer.


Hold Monster? Hold Creature?


We are sheltered children on this side.


We've had enough of that.


I will stealthily pick my sister's locks.


Yeah, but I'm just talking about, what if we have to para-rescue his ass out of a fucking pickle?


You sure did.


No, that was it.


They went that way! In the dark!


I could do it, too. Five. Five stones of power.


But before we make that decision-- yes, it is-- we know that you're the next best thing to a government in Emon.


I'm going to start bringing down the temple! Are we okay with that?


Wait a minute! Did you guys get married?


Wait until we attack them first.


I'm still thinking about, what were those big gashes in the ground back there?


Why not? But it moves!


Oh, it's a 19. It was so close! 26.


What's all this purple stuff?


All right. I'm gonna-- I can't really see from where I'm at, so I want to move more in line with the door and see if I can see him if I run over in line.


We could theoretically run into your herd, though.


Does not.


Yeah, it's magical!


It's a free mansion, man.


Some of the adventures include  Rescue a maiden--


I leave my horse with my sister. I'm on foot; I'm on all fours, really. Spidering out.


Cool! Well.


It's really important to shake when you make a deal. And look me in the eye.


How long do you live?


Yes, of course, onslaught to the rest of the camp, that we'll go about it too, right? Make a bunch of noise, a bunch of light.


You saw them under the ice?


Are people clustered up together by now?


May I ask what game we're playing? Blackjack? Are we playing--


Can I rush forward now?


Yeah, fucking misty dudes.


We have our horses?


Oh, great. I'm fine, then.


He's going to shoot out some watery lodestones.


Okay. Is Guiding Bolt considered the same thing that Lightning Bolt would be?


She's quick.


Okay. I whisper into Nott's ear and say (stuttering) Just this once, I think I should go first.


Okay, I'm going to gaze into it super hard.


By the way, do you have any beast changing left in you?


Does it look possible to skirt around it from where we are?


Wait, Grog, don't sit down.


And you had to stay in a shitty BnB, a brothel and-- (laughs)


Yeah, I think we're just strange.


Quite an adventure.


I toss one gold in and say  This one's for the lady. Very good.


Fuck yes. 22.


But then tell the number.


Golden Girls.


Do we need to go find these dead guys?


No, it's pretty good.


So you looked at the house and then you went shopping?


No. I thought about them.


Okay, yeah, 15.


I've honestly been very honest.


No gate or doorway at all?


No, it's like they stole his gold watch.


What do I got as a-- it's bad enough I'm looking up reactions! [groaning sympathetically]


(strained voice) Yep. Real impressive.


I'm going to start throwing up again soon, so let's either do this or backtrack, please.


What about you Fjord? Don't you have some spells on you? Why aren't you helping out?


This is the content you tuned in for.


Okay, so I am going to take this and move up to about here, I guess.


That's okay, that’s okay.


I don't want you to go. I love you.


I'm going to pop Trinket out, as my bonus.


No, they know not by the city, so by a private contractor.


Wait, I heard you say you were from Nogvurot, yes?


Okay. Thunderbrands are buttholes, though.


Wait, I could just bamf over to the other side. Should I just do that?


I'm honestly kind of afraid of what kind of leadership things and influence it could possibly tell me. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.


That's with plus ten.


No, I'm naked with a sword. I've got a belt. I'm naked with a belt.


We have some delicious and very expensive wine.


He's a mysterious motherfucker.


They wouldn't feel it necessary to tell anyone else about us?


We are to stand now or we might as well be dead.


I'm sorry, it doesn't fry anymore?


Yeah, I'm on his ass.


How do I look?


Are we trampling anything as we're walking?


Good. That's funny.


So good.


Would it be wrong to shave his beard, just one more time?


Which, to be fair, is probably going to keep a dragon away.


Yes. Freunde.


While Grog shits, I'm just going to take a little nap, while he's shitting, it takes a while usually, right?


God will wait for a long time.


That was magical.


Say all those again.


Two gems.


So we kind of know where he is, right? Northwest?


Do it, do it.


And I got this grapple, so we can swing across to the roof on the other side.


I know many languages.


I see the damage done to my lovely friends, and seeing as I care about Caleb slightly more, I will attack the one that hit-- no offense-- I will attack the one that hit Caleb with a shot of a Tinkertop Blaster, whatever it's called.


Okay, good. (laughter)


Just helped with that itch you couldn't scratch.


That's okay, that's okay.


Here, take a look at my third nipple!


Are we talking about rolling at the Pillow Trove this evening? Is that what I am picking up on?


I could refinance. I hear mortgage rates are really low right now.


Can I try scratching at his ear?


Let's kill her.


Grog's been to the Feywild.


Yeah, get it!


He likes meat, what can I say?


We all have shitty families.


Help. I'm with you, I'm with you. Help help.


There are other options.


Yeah, I'm going to keep the rest for myself.


On the count of three. One, two--


Do we have any more flowers?


Or through rock. You can make tunnels, right?


I think he's probably kind of powerful.


Oh, lovely.


Five, 10, 18, 28, 36 for the first one.


Come with you?


You're the only one who'll be saying jenga, pretty much.


And also onto the grenade.


It might age you.


I don't know if I've--


I do. Ozwyn Grud?


Oh, thank you! It's very hot, but I'm going to put it on for a second because she complimented it!


My athletics is okay.


Thank you? No-- "Tell him you have a gift--"


Just to note  when I cast Stoneskin, I didn't do the concentration. I let go of the Alter Self.


This technically falls under "This and That," doesn't it?


Please pull it out.


Surprise them!


I'll have to secure the things--


Vecna's going to be too powerful for a destroy or turn undead. It's for weak-ass shit like this.


Do some damage to the temple, and then once we're all the way out, we'll open the acid.


What did you see? Yeah, we should stop. What'd you see?


Five points of damage, and then my last bonus action attack with advantage. Same roll, 13 on both. No, a 16. I'll take that 16, plus seven? That hits, and then eight damage. Pop-pop-pop! He's stunned for a round. Everyone has advantage?


Okay. Let's go.


Four feet apart? I flip a dagger in my hand and I go (impact noise) to the back of his head, is what I do.


We could, but the way I would do that would be with a giant, earthen cat paw, which would seem out of the ordinary.


Pike always ruins stealth. (laughter)


Oh my gosh. But we killed her.


I think it'll stun them long enough for us to get across.


We all look like Percy.


Is the roll and then, what? Double it or add another--?


Fish dick.


I give you the worst evil eye I've ever given anyone.


I've also carved, in Elven, in the inside, "Kick Me."


Yes, two lava flows--


I'm waiting for Pike. She'll come.


We need a massage. On my crotch.


Did you see what happened in Alfield?


If you did, you would've seen this  a big black sword.


Great fucking intimidation. Nine.


Will we get confirmation, word from you, that the deed has been done?


Well, this isn't what I imagined in my head, but we are standing where we are standing, so I'm going with what I see.


Double that? Double that, or that?


Ang Lee!


Are we cool with the wolves now?


Someone's getting Velcro in their stocking.


Let's try that.


Before we go in, I'm going to try to tug on Yasha's leg. Don't you want to carry me? My legs are a little achy.


No, that's not-- just no one move.


That's better. That's 22.


Shine bright like a diamond.


I'm doing Hold Person.


No, I mean of the machine.


He just got a bigger chew toy.


Purpleheart.


Has your wisdom gone up at all?


No, I forgot. I was looking for the arrow. That was our mission.


That's good, that's good.


We should just rest. We'll stay up, because we're good.


It's really cool-looking.


It will help a little bit for now. It will smooth out some of the rough edges long enough for us to talk for a while. Because I've been down this road. Okay? The thing is, you're not wrong, and you're not crazy, but it's not hopeless, either.


Well, I'm going to run away. I'll be fine.


Trinket attacks him on the way over.


I'll hold the bowl. I'm resistant to fire.


No, if you have it.


What dice do I get?


(laughs) Copy that.


I don't have one.


I immediately start doing this.


Then I will use my bonus action to keep moving. To dash?


No, I just like saying that.


We go talk to Kara.


Yeah, I can do a lot of things with it, but he's so big, this is my best shot, because his AC is so fucking high. That's 31 to hit.


After Jester trying to help me, can I close the gap to this guy?


We're going to make you a beast.


And we're just into the wee hours of the morning, watching ourselves die.


Should we put a cloth over it?


I want to roll a rogue right now!


That one hits.


Mawp.


And she's listening. And she knows when you're lying, and she knows when you're telling the truth.


It's technically fourth ball at this point, I think, isn't it actually? Sorry, that's the face I wanted. [laughter]


Okay, and then for both of those, 4d6 plus seven, and an additional 5d8 radiant damage.


Me too. If you see a girl named Yasha, let her know we are on our way to Zadash.


I pull one of the three torches we have and, "Tiberius, will you?"


You've also got a five-pound bag of gems, don't forget.


It’s 15.


Van Diagram was one of the Ashari.


Okay. I'll use, I guess, some movement to gather my belongings and anything that I don't still have on.


I am with Vox Machina. I'm pretty sure they just came through the front door. It's cool. I was just doing-- just like aerial support. I'm just going to go and reconnect with my group. It's fine.


But she's a female.


I take the jeweled dagger, and I walk down to the corpse of the rakshasa. I drive the dagger through one of the eye sockets, and I say, you will never harm my daughter.


It's a meat hook.


We'll be making our way to Darktow.


We found this building that was pretty abandoned in Whitestone, we fuckin' put in a bakery.


That didn't go as planned. Sorry.


Did we plant something in Lord Sutan's house, are they going to find the letter from--


Take the troll-- what's your name by the way?


Make a little metal toe?


That hits. I have danger sense, advantage on dex saving throws, dodge, traps and spells.


Thanks, Ireland!


Because Fallout.


That's disconcerting.


Plus six, that's a 20.


I'll try to coax it out. (blowing)


It's the nega-Snitch.


Yeah. This will work.


Garmelie was in the middle somewhere.


Oh, look at that!


Okay. Yeah. If anyone tries to kill me, kill them.


Orcish. Stylish hats.


I already did that.


Go to your local game stores. Support small businesses!


Can we see where it landed?


No, let's get it on.


All right, we should go.


Sucks when your high level spells fail.


I have no problem sleeping here this evening.


Where have you been?


Thanks very much. Like I said last week, it's weird. This is out of my comfort zone, to be in this place. But yeah, this was really fun.


He was not still within range?


I walk up to the very, very edge of the hallway.


Foreshadowing!


So we have to go around these mountains. We can either go to the east past Hupperdook. Because we're going to Nogvurot, right, up there?


Yeah, I guess we do. We're meeting them at the Song & Supper Inn.


Well, it just gives me multi-attack.


I got an idea. I'll take one of these long swords and I'll put it in the bag.


It's happening very fast.


I am using the d6's.


Less appealing. Less different.


Wait a minute, is it wrong to pick wings off flies? Because that's not--


Boil their flesh, Caduceus, let's go. Do it. Bring it.


In what language?


70.


They're here.


They want to stay and fight the dragon that's going to come back.


To drink.


Could I look and see if there are any boulder, avalanche-type situations that I can see--


Nineteen. Nineteen.


Very big.


We're pretty metal.


Well, I hang out with them, but I actually like the drinks here a lot, so.


Wait, it said that?


Oh, there's a cluster of kelp in the middle of the room here.


It's all over the room.


Just me and Percy.


(spitting noise) I can't do that. (various whistling noises)


No, we asked, you just don't pay attention to email. (laughter)


Shut up, Scanlans!


Yeah. That's what I'm trying to do.


Let's find a herald. The maudlin herald.


Take one of the umber hulk heads and put it on a stick.


Nega-Percy!


Not that one. That one looks like he knows too much.


Bis später.


Are there any favorite buzzwords of yours? Something that would sound like you?


I just had that, too! I'm sorry, I don't have it anymore. But I could try writing to my mom to see if she'll help you.


Okay. That's it. Those are my three questions.


No, don't do it, Pike!


Can't you just tell me?


It was just a random meteor.


There might be bronzed shoes, maybe little silver cups. Decoder rings.


Where is he now?


I would like to join that insight check.


Two more flourishes.


I'm a WoW player on occasion, I haven't played in ages.


They did a creepy animation for a promo that's during the break.


I can actually walk in?


Is Seeker Asum still around?


18. Oh mine is-- Oh, 18.


Oh, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead!


No, like behind Yasha, behind that pillar over there, that wall.


All right. That is (counting) 15 points of Eldritch Blast damage.


Unless Vorugal's already dead.


No, don't kill a kraken.


All right. I go meet Fjord and Norgul. Nope! Ipess. That's who's with us, I go meet them.


Nice! I take the keys and I jauntily run by Orn Blackfoot and I go to Abjurist-- Hey, do you know who those other two voices are at the end of the hallway? Like, did you have anyone with you when you got put in here?


It's just mud. All right. Can I get down with my fabulous snout and dig down into the mud a little bit?


You are going to cost me so much money.


Cornelius, what say you in this highly delicate matter?


We'll show you what he looks like in the mansion. I see you're wearing the gauntlets, Grog.


That looks very exciting. I'm going to run over--


Yeah, the mind flayer.


It's a funky one. How much does he weigh? 800 pounds?


We pulled you out.


Get out, Jes.


So this is the place. Technically, Scanlan flew in, so I don't think he had to check for traps.


My perception checks have been garbage. Six.


Jeepers creepers, you've killed my dragon!


I have some errands, if that makes anybody feel better. I have some errands to run.


Oh, it hurts. Ow! (laughter)


Now it's just you.


Can I move back a little?


They have to come all the way from Kraghammer.


Sorry, you jumped conversations. You have to specify.


But I was helping because I'm bloody.


Come on, come on! Come on!


Tell you when I'm going to mess with your head a little bit?


Do I roll? Do you roll?


Oh, that's smart, Grog. That's really smart!


No. I know it here.


The mansion door, I think, is only ten feet tall.


Oh yes, how could I forget!


After-school activities.


That's not great, it's a 14.


I don't know exactly what was going to happen, but I saw a blade against your sister's throat. I would hope you would do the same for my sister if you were to see the same thing.


I'm going to start casting the door.


What are we telling the-- Hey, hey! What are we telling the giant to do? Knock the cross or attack K'Varn?


All right. Up the tree!


It could be. We know that she's not ancient, because we have a bit of a paper trail. We do know that she was ruling in Wildmount for a while. We do know that she studied at the Alabaster Lyceum briefly. And there's some paperwork for that.


Yeah. I'm like, ah guys! Got little antlers.


I've started to pull out sections of my beard.


Plus another one point of damage.


It's a lot.


Don't even mention things like that. Don't mention those things.


This is revenge for Vex and Vax.


I guess I pop Trinket out.


I say, do you want to tell me? You want to tell me who you are? 'Cause I don't have a lot of time to deal with this.


I'm not blaming him. It's just that this isn't the first occurrence of something like this with him, either.


Dead?


Because if they can't see, what if we blind them?


Yeah, I went to that one.


Bless us!


I open up a bottle of wine and take a giant swig.


Fish jerky from where we were at the casino earlier.


Do you want some more dice?


Not through there, or anything? All right. Carry on, then. You should send someone up to service it, though, right away.


Sea diarrhea!


Weren't you dropping little green rocks?


That's good! Don't fuck me, Gil! 16.


That lovable scamp Gail gets her foster parents, the Hendersons, into totally "gnarly" situations.


Six hours.


Should we hurry? What do you think?


I'm in!


Do I look the same?


26 and a 19.


It's fish dick.


Where do you want to be?


That's ten points of damage.


I climb up onto its back.


Oh! Is it Skeletor?! Oh, this one's a small too, on this side.


What are we calling the two of you?


And he will have to burn some stuff.


Hey, look at the windows, too.


Okay, I'll fire again. Natural 20 and a 20, just a straight 20.


You went down a chimney.


Would it be like a patch healing spell?


Is he hanging onto me with one arm now? What is he doing, because I knocked him into the wall, right?


My profiteroles are really good.


It's also super loud and moves a lot of stuff, and shit collapses--


Everyone has to have an offer?


You don't think Vorugal is going to think that's a midnight snack?


Scanlan, you should take the horn.


As we walk there I talk to Caleb. You mentioned being like "Bah! Empire!"


I am a five.


Lets you walk through the Ethereal Plane for an hour, so you can sort of bypass where you are.


Can I use my stone's endurance to reduce that further?


Yeah, close.


Fuck you! Get out of here. I got this part. This is taken!


He just Jedi mind-tricked you.


I think-- Well, no. That's the only heat source, that's the only lava there was, and now it's cool.


Can I see him from here?


I feel like I like the mind-reading serum. We could just see. We have four days 'til a full moon.


No, I'm unconscious.


And then we just Planeshift from the inside of the kraken, and everything's okey-dokey.


Wow, have you guys been rehearsing that? That was impressive. Good job, twins!


Right on the coast, you saw that?


I'm quite pleased. I'm quite pleased.


Your hair's holding up well in the heat, though.


Yes. I am on the lookout in case it comes close to our territory. I want to keep our people safe. But I'm not going to go and try to kill it just for the shits.


Okay. I'm gonna drink the Potion of Mind Reading.


Aww, they're wonderful. They're real!


I doubt she would allow us to leave on any terms.


Can I-- Is there a door there? Somewhere, right there?


I think it's for you, Vex.


Shit! We should have done that when we were waiting for fucking Vax!


Hello. I am Yasha.


I'm gonna go ahead and cast Pass Without A Trace on myself.


No, we slow the people. Hang on, let me go through this again. We fell the tree. We send in Keg. Keg distracts. We send in Nott. Nott tries to pick the locks to the cages. Get the people out. Nott runs. Nott sends the message to Caleb. Caleb does the Slow spell on the party. We go in, we kick ass, we win, we're victorious. I just said that 30 seconds ago. Did you guys get it this time?


Bunch of little things. Can we ask you-- are you familiar with the Labenda Swamp?


A kitten? (gasps) A kitten.


Sounds more like some type of necromancy magic.


Well, how about I just drag the bodies over. I start dragging the body over and shoving an arm in the hole.


Oh, Melora.


Which was what they used--


And I go for it, too.


Yes, reckless. I'll use the inspiration die. That's a ten, so that's a 29.


Wait, is it turning?


I'll follow for this.


A harness around the big man? I think that would be quite a formidable steed.


14 plus 12. Help me.


We've got a really long time to be alive. You've got an infinite time. What's a few more years?


That's the most important thing.


I was not stealing! I was searching for something to steal.


