I want it to look like the fairy terrain, but their little huts are on fire like they've been raided, and I want the circle of rocks to be obliterated, and all their statues to be knocked over and it smells like fire and shit and pixie blood. Like Grog said.


Oh, I said both of those things.


Five times five?


Yeah, that dwarf didn't really give me a very good feeling.


I'm working on a commission. It's going to be lovely. It's going to be a surprise.


I'm going to just pay attention.


It's just intelligence, right, there's no other--


Shall return.


They are strongly arcane. Perhaps they can enchant for what we have procured for them in that venture. And maybe that could be a good way of getting around getting our carpet re-enchanted without costing any coin.


Ooh, natural 20. Wow wow wow.


Well, you are quite lovely, brother. Into the tavern? It's up ahead.


We can just keep an eye out. I'm protective.


Not much we can do.


Oh no! Kiri, stay behind this tree next to me.


Before I go to bed, I would like to talk to Jester, unless Jester is having some alone time and it doesn't seem like it's the right time.


The curved surface of this area, can we see the ceiling clearly or is it way above us?


Okay. I know who took your friends.


(high-pitched) It hurts man, oh my god!


Are you suggesting we set up a perimeter?


I have no healing anythings.


Okay. Well, then I won't do that.


What is high school?


It's been decided and decreed, ladies and gentlemen. So here's what we need from you-- We're going to give out a bunch of Critical Role merch, we're going to give out a bunch of D&D merch, we're going to give out stuff from our friends at Wyrmwood. (cheering)


Just smash, smash, Hulk smash.


You were. (laughter)


I'm going to start the Heroes' Feast, I'm just going to get the chalice.


Yeah, just in case he goes full monty, I might have like a secret knock or something.


I try to catch up to him!


Come now. Also, The Mistake is a boat.


How much for the whole deal?


Well, someone has to be on the outside watching to find out what's happening.


We're just traumatized.


And I hold my action in case she comes back.


Shit. I turn back and head to the group.


The fuck!


And Gatshadow is where Grog got his scar, right?


I would like to use my bonus action to hide.


Thank you. Yes. I'm with my group.


Look, I'm a man of the truth.


You are omnipotent, my man.


I'm not going to eat any mutton from drawers.


So I can dash and still attack?


Is there a timetable to this? Do we have to do this now? Can we do this on the way out of the Feywild?


And we still have Pass Without a Trace, so let's go.


(gasps) Ooh, there's something I need to tinker.


We're tormenting children.


Roll with advantage? Athletics?


Can't you stay alongside him the whole time?


You know, there's nothing saying we have to run in here if we're not feeling this. We can backtrack and look in the other direction. In fact, I'm leaning that way.


Maybe. You don't know. Shut up!


Where did we leave him, again?


Oh no, and he took out a tree while he was at it!


Oh shit! I move in behind where the pillar is, but in the ground.


You're in Atlantic City. Everything's okay.


Mind if I jump in?


Yeah, it is. 20.


It was Kima and Allura on a mission. They're dead.


I can't say anything, right, in my horse form? I can nod.


It's good to see you.


Well, you and Beau and me did it.


I have the die. Is what I'm talking about, sorry.


He draws two rapiers? Do we get any indication by what we just saw if he might be a vampire or something?


Is that the same guy?


25, 30. I'm within 30 feet of--


No, you're going to be bottoming out.


We took damage from an inanimate object. Oh god! Get it out of our system now!


Okay, we'll not go towards the hut.


At least we know, and there's no harm in being careful. It's not like it's never happened before.


I'd like us both to look around.


Not flanked by Febron.


He's like the Black Knight in Monty Python! He's got no knees!


I don't think I've done this before.


Five gold for one silver a day? That doesn't add up.


Grog, I know that you probably feel replaced, but there's no way he could fill your shoes.


I don't know. I think it's crystals or something?


I make a tonic out of the glissfoil that I had in my pouch from the garden back in Emon. Pass it out, a little hangover tonic.


Oh no, let me try. Oh no! Maybe you should read it.


I have mine too, so I'll put that on as well.


Okay, I'm going to use Divine Strike to make it 5d8.


Don’t fuck me, Gil! Meh, you kind of fucked me there.


We're here to help.


Come on, Kiki.


You're lying. Grog, can we maybe-- you'll be able to get it back, because we're going to kill this dragon and then you can just go and pick up the head and keep it again in your Bag of Holding.


I didn't know this, this is new information. I'm still just adjusting to it.


Oh that's right, I have to do a fireside chat.


She can't pull the safe unless she knows it's in there.


Ow! Ow, Grog! Grog!


Tortles wear skorts.


Yeah, circus! Woo, circus coming to town!


Who's the master?


I'll bet 50 gold against him. We have to hedge!


Palac Lusterka is the seat of my family. We go back very long way. But I would not recommend that you visit there. It's not the most cheerful place.


Yeah, you don't speak the shit, so even if you have it--


Krieg was a dragon, Allura.


Roll two times, take the higher of the two.


That's fair. Can I use my bonus action to use my Mask of Many Faces to make myself look like a gnoll? No, they're taller. They're too tall.


Am I half on a street? In a door?


I could be a Pike kite!


No. He is full of bile and vitriol, and he likes to be worshiped. We could pretend to be worshiping him.


It explodes near my head, and I'm like Stop shooting into this thing!


I'm holding the attack until it looks like it's safe to do so.


Confetti!


It's magic poo!


Yes, I know, you're learning so much.


Okay, just kidding. I don't say that.


Well, I was probably not fast enough to pull up my horn, so 20.


They're going to be there on Thursday next week.


Do you have any bonus actions?


Yeah, like remember we told you we were detectives.


He said it was within 300.


But I knocked him off of her. But you've still got the skull.


I dated a few Luciens. Like, way too many Luciens.


I saw it.


It's because they made your part so big this season.


Sorry to tell you, but I think your friend may have got hit on the end of something fierce and may not have made it. I thought I saw someone fly by and take him out. I'm sorry.


Pike, are you drunk?


Felderwin, yeah.


Glowing. You are, too! What's going on with that? Yeah, you seem to be blushing.


Do it! Come on.


Oh I know, I came in here to tell you, to ask you something: where's my wand? (laughter)


Loot Crate! (cheering) (air horns)


This is so cute. Look at all the little barrels.


Oh yeah, that's right.


Did you get in a fight last night?


We could enter in a contest and fight for the Harvest Festival, right?


That's Vax near me, right there?


It's really pretty, the ocean.


Whose bead is up next?


Slayer's Take business. We'll keep moving.


The game we played together? We did just the two of us one night.


I was just about to say, Jester’s everyone's little sister when you're a senior in high school.


I'm going to buy one for all of us.


See? We're better investigators than this guy.


Or we could just leave the boat out in the ocean a little bit and take the skiff in.


Does it look like anything we've seen before?


I think what would make it work is letting them take the lead a bit, and following.


I'll take no advantage.


No, but thing inside of you--


Oh, I think it's me!


I jump in the cells and I pull a dead, decomposing corpse over the top of me.


No, all of us.


He's like Guy Threepwood now.


Ornna is the fire dancer.


Dance.


There's coffee all over it.


You have to read the scroll, right?


I did get a map from the Slayer's Take, is there anything on this map that would indicate where the Loch is?


Can I introduce myself, Lady Kima? I don't think we've ever met before. Have we?


I should warn you, we're not alone. And I look over to the five musicians and I ask them to strike up a little--


I join Caduceus in the water.


Anything else interesting in the room, outside of the bodies?


Wait, what's this? Why does it say plus four?


It looks all right, right? Okay.


Keyleth, can I borrow you? When you have a moment.


So this is a surprise attack. Ugh, that's lame. That was just 13.


Oh, is there platinum in there? We're so greedy!


We're looking forward to seeing you again. To the inn!


We have no idea what's up there, but Tiberius has got a plan, I like it.


Because I was either going to fight him or I was going to throw boobs at him, and I went with boobs.


And it's infecting the rats. (whispering) And they're turning into poisoned--


Well, you got a 20 on the last one.


Oh, me?


(sighs) So much. So much. But mainly, there's a lot of dangers in the world, and a lot of dangers for me, and especially the closer we get to the north? I think? They don't like me up there. He can protect me.


96.


So he's in Wilhand's house, with Wilhand.


We're also supposed to give a quick shoutout to Backblaze for sponsoring the first set of episodes of...


Shut up. Shit, they do. 16?


Five gold. Mark it off. (laughter)


Keyleth, what--


I'm sure she did.


Hang on, hang on, real quick  (clearing throat) Real talk, for just a second. If Yasha comes with us, and we puppet her, and she dies, Ashley's going to be real mad. Just pointing this out last time, because we did this with Pike. Not saying one way or the other! Just saying, we're going to continue on with Yasha? Okay. Done. Done. That's all I'm going to say.


Slowly. Very slowly. Oh yeah.


Oh. I shouldn't have even wasted it.


Balls, what? Really?


Ouch.


Yeah, you've got to juggle these balls.


I'm going to take my staff and give a really nice whack to the horse to get it to run.


What the hell do you think I'm doing?


You know, there is the Slayer's Take.


I know! Can I wait and--


With the locket and I hit.


Well yeah, not like in it.


I just don't think we should do that to Barry.


That's all it takes.


Yes, we talked to a guy at the bar. What about him?


Well, that'll do.


While they drag the bodies back, Percy and I take the robes.


He's an old guy. We were either going to kill him or burn his house down.


He's probably okay.


Sure. I have any more movement?


Thanks, guys!


I'm freaked out, so I'm going to stay up with Yasha.


I could maybe try and heal you of that. Well, just one more thing. So Ogden, in his visions that he's been having, and he told this to Vex, that he saw visions of me dying, basically, by a shadowy--


Bobby Tarantino territory. Let's do it. Let's go south.


And then the defenders go to another in case shit goes bad. I like that.


Should we leave anyone out to be ready to help if anything goes wrong?


To be fair, I didn't give you that story.


Is it sticky?


Wait, but I still rolled a 22.


Pull it out!


Do you have your journaling kit? Are you proficient?


(loud giggling)


It will slow us down.


This is golden age of piracy Barbados, basically. We're in the thick of it.


All of us are crying.


How much does a rest heal? Out of curiosity?


I am gonna attack this big stupid sea-chicken.


Then it'll take us a minute to not be mist anymore, and by then they'll realize we're there on the top of the tower.


It's a 24.


It looks fucking good.


I join Nott in looking for the gold.


I think I was just at 30. On the way, I'll fire another crossbow bolt.


Oh. Okay.


Was that a thought for the day, then? Don't sprain yourself. We need you later.


90.


Don't you talk to her like that!


All right, of course, yes. Are you just going to stand there and watch me peruse then?


You got a four because of all that salt.


I motion to Grog and I'm like, you know what to do, damn it.


(singing) Fortress of the Sun.


Thanks, Rissa.


A shit load of ships coming towards me. Cool. Are there any pigeons in this dream? (laughter)


First of all, Kaylie, it's so wonderful to meet you.


Oh yeah. When did you get in town?


If I can get the king, I'll try.


I'm going to hop on my broom to see if I get a ping on my Locate Object.


Hold on. Use your dagger, and seeing what she's doing, I'm going to cast my Heat Metal spell on it, and start heating and melting it.


I'm smushing them down so that there's like--


An attack?


This is heavy.


My Sunbeam.


Come on, Grog! No.


But you can call him whatever's available, as well.


Download it!


Was that a wink?


"There's no time to do anything else, other than this."


Right? It's dice times two.


Really hoping the guards are awake.


Great. Wonderful.


Is he beating us at our own game?


Just so it's not a one. No ones!


Don't poke him.


Oh, there's no weapon in here?


That were stolen from your boss?


Or 16. Was it 16?


I'm going to go carpenter some stuff.


Forget it. I'm going to cast Haste on Mollymauk.


Just ruin everything, there we are.


Big butt. (laughter)


Are you really the Meat Man there?


He says, Non bagno te, bagno il tuo cuore, che sempre piú tu mi possa amare. Semper parere D&D Beyond! He's a crazy figure from Greek legend!


Allara?


You kept your eyes wide shut, is what you're saying.


Try to settle the cloak to--


Just to give us a day's head start.


Negative 115, or something like that.


It's American Gothic, but as birds.


I'm going to start running. I'm booking to the right, and I don't have any more actions, do I?


Subs only!


Yeah. I feel funny. Caleb, you remember me asking you about your arcane prowess?


I wonder if there's something in the room that will--


Is that an 11 or a 17?


How much is the healing potion?


Yeah. All right. I begin casting the ritual spell.


Thanks, Denny's.


There is a flash pan where there's a preload powder, basically a powder capsule attaches to a flash pan. The hammer contains a sparking mechanism that hits a plate, causes a spark to hit the powder in the flash pan, goes into the gunpowder that's within that's actually packed inside of the barrel and sends the shot out.


I don't know, I just need to know where we're going, okay?


I was excited the last game and somehow have misplaced my Pelor champion piece of paper.


Do I get spells back?


Yeah, but I'm not sharing it. Yep. Got it. Got it, no problem. Read it, looked at it, I understand what it looks like. Let's go. (laughter)


I'm glad you found a place here. It was good to see you again.


I've missed you.


Actually, I'm going to blow my d8. Ooh, that's an eight.


Come on, it was their loincloths, come on.


Hey, everybody wake up!


That aside, I do have to go to the temple, but I don't want to go.


Besides, we'd know if Old Shit Nuts is moving closer because of--


Don't trust trusting people, they're just the worst.


Sorry, the meal that Lorenzo was having.


Definitely not true.


Holy shit. What kind of shots did you give me, Grog?


Yeah, I don't know.


We drop him off.


I mean, come on, come the fuck on!


Who's this guy?


You essentially want us to wait?


The one that we were not just killing people at.


I'll stay with the two of you because I can't see shit and I'll slow you down. If things happen, they're going to light up. It'll be all right.


What is happening right now?


It's a ten-foot radius, and everyone is allowed to enter and exit.


Xhorhasian, I think?


There is one thing I wanted to say to you, though, about our kiss. I'm very happy that it happened. But I shouldn't have stolen it. And for that, I apologize.


I get 12.


But he needs it, too.


Him or me?


Yeah, it's all good. We're making sure the city is safe from the house. It's empty. We're going to make sure it stays empty and safe.


Do you?


Pointing at us? Okay.


So the ultimate question is, are we heading the right way? Are we heading the right way, Pike, do you know?


Did you lose your earring because you're an angel now?


That leaves quite a few of us left. Maybe, J'mon, could you get--


She did a ten-sider.


I'll give it a shuffle. Liam, do you want to shuffle?


Oh, yeah! Yeah. (laughter)


No rocks around, right? No stones or boulders in the field?


She goes like this.


Super official.


Okay. Let's do it.


Okay, and the first thing I do is shout out, "Blades! I think blades are the best way to go here, folks!" And I’m going to run at him.


No, I'm as smart as you thought I was.


I could've hanged back, but I've been meaning to say this whole time that I was creeping around the thrones, I'm just going to throw that out, that I'm up there.


You're right. I am.


Of course. We'll have to regroup, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.


She's staying behind.


And you're like, "Ooh, that's Captain Max."


How many legendary resistances does he get?


All right. Let's say 18.


Well... I mean, yes.


Nah, I'll hold. Whoever's next can go.


We've dealt with enough scorned lovers for one day.


I walk up to Artagan. All right, fucknut, let's do this.


I will Identify it.


Yeah! Of course it is! I'm not dumb. Super intimidating! So how far is he from me?


This time, of course, you already know ahead of time that we are dear friends of Uriel, and we do not need to.


Well with it, it’s my normal walking speed.


While she does that, can I look and see if there's any writing on the wall?


That fixes.


Wait, you really named it "Sphincter?"


Yes, she really should.


I'm getting in on this!


He is.


We don't naturally heal up?


See! We're friends, we're all friends here.


You're turning away good ale. Looks like you've seen many a moon.


I am. Okay.


Yes. Don't dragons love, especially white ones, shiny, sparkly things? Especially gems, from what I've gleaned over the years.


Yeah, and I was like, "Don't worry, she won't hurt you!"


You can go first.


Oh yeah, I can crush it. Yeah, I also give it a little squeeze. A little tickle.


Well, I'm assuming the goldfish would make it easier to hit water.


Listen, accents are not my strong suit. Would you please just stop talking to the town crier? Thank you. I'm trying to drag her back.


You don't see anybody in there.


No, but I got shit in the Bag of Holding. 'Cause I'm a hoarder. Can I get around behind it by going to its left-- Between it and the cage? Can I fit through there?


Can you follow her?


Falls in the clothes, I start burning alive.


It's an incredibly important mission!


Percival!


All right. I scry. I focus really hard on the dragon.


Like one of those bomb shelter walls.


That's what I'm afraid-- they might know you, so no.


We have been in the woods for too long. I've forgotten how to talk to people.


Percy. Can we get into the underground caverns from here?


Shit.


Do you think we should just camp here for the night?


We're on the goblin side.


I reply back in Celestial.


Can we move to the mouth of the room? So still within the tunnel, not going into the full space yet, but able to see in and up.


And my god, the money.


I'm going to go towards the big tent just so I can see if I can sense any evil.


Do you have a cart to get them back to Alfield?


That's a hit, that's a 23 to hit?


Vex!


Yeah, that's fine. Bring it.


Can we handle the cold, is the question I want to know.


So I'm going to cast Heal on him.


Oh, and Trinket!


I knew you were going to say that. I'm not good at this. Nope. Nope, nope. That's a four. That's a natural one.


You know, I know we just talked earlier today and everything, but it feels like we should get some sort of reward or something for capturing this guy, doesn't it? I mean is that impolite to ask?


What do I roll? 1d4?


You don't-- you don't have it now?


Maybe just put your arms through it and then let it ride behind you like a cape?


What does everybody have?


Okay. So I'm going to keep maintaining this Wind Wall and wrap it up around the mist to double-enforce it, and I'm going to scream, "What is this?"


Okay. Sorry, I'm going to not do that. I'm going to Guiding Bolt then.


What was I holding for? I was holding until I could attack something, or until I could get through the wall? I think it was through the wall.


Come on, Vax! Don't let this bitch leave!


In your cellar?


You got your Nerdist in my Geek and Sundry.


No, Spare the Dying for me is a bonus.


That doesn't sound true.


Well, we did two editions because we wanted to do something a little ridiculous. And so--


The tikka masala was tangy!


The beast they selected this year.


She's the doctor.


Are there any rings?


Are there any pieces of the rakshasa left?


Can I still arrow it from where I am?


There be dragons there.


Get him Batman.


I only prepared one. What's happening?


I think Whitestone owes this boy a little coin.


Can I bamf right here? What's your name? What is Simma sina--


Mark his face.


How did you get so wise, Jarett?


This coming up Wednesday.


Might need to stay on a day or two.


Is Protto still in the room?


22, 32. 38. (laughter)


Can you give us a full day in order to make sure that he does come back?


It's a pretty smart move, don't you think?


Hey, you did great! You did great. You're going to get a sticker.


Some stuff that we don't want to get rid of.


I say we do it.


Plus I'm enlarged, so I am probably taller than Doty now.


Schrodinger's Trinket.


Wow, that's good to know!


Would that be an even roll, then, since I have advantage on everything?


I don't know if that is something that I would be allowed to look at. What kind of clearance do you have?


No that's a kitten, have two hit points. Snakes have, like, six.


Been tied to a table for a while.


It's really good.


Like, do you get tentacles?


999 gets nothing!


-- and when I wanna pretend to listen to my family over Christmas. It's great.


It is so pretty.


So wait. If I sent a message from Alfield, then-- or, wait. Where were we when I sent that message?


(laughs) Scootch-scootch.


Should have created sunglasses for him or something.


Not an animal.


Oh, son of a fuck, I'm in his fuckin' front eye! God damn it. Shit-- cock-- balls--


Is that 56 points of damage, that's with no save?


There are a lot of soldiers ahead, and I don't think we should have anything to do with them.


Do we have an order?


What about giant eagles with people on them?


How long does it take to cast?


I've got 50 gold on that.


So we open the 25,000 line of credit with you and you give us all the things we want?


Oh yeah. Oh, we ain't done.


My name is Jester. What's your name?


I can use my Hunter's Mark to track her!


A pyramid?


A natural 20 would break it, that's the only thing?


It's literally right here.


No, I'm sorry, level four. Level four.


I said we totally can do that.


If you don’t know how to answer, it's fine.


Ask him if he actually just hurt, or if they're--


Short rest?


They're going to spread pretty soon.


I'm going to wait to give him my money because I have a feeling Yasha might win. I'm going to wait.


I'm not stealing anything right now!


Yes, exactly!


Yes. What else can you tell us about this Crucible?


I actually stay halfway between both.


Is that what you think I'm doing?


By the way, they're all staring right at you. They're 100 percent aware of what's going on.


Come on! We don't trust anyone


Boats!


Yeah. The leader of our wandering herd? He has two prize weapons that he pretty much used to use to beat me, like, near death.


What's going on? Where are we going?


Is that insane? I don't know if that's insane.


That's 15?


Mm-hmm. And it's one guy.


I have Nott and Jester and Jester has pastries.


Can I grab him and pull him back with me, behind this cage?


Okay, he's not invisible anymore, right? You dropped that, I'm assuming he dropped-- sure.


Once it starts opening up the armor, we'll just go to that one particular plate and start ripping a hole in it.


Had to poke it.


I'll take the other door.


Like a tall one or a short one?


Oh no. She's out, I thought. She's out!


Wonderful. Vex?


Can I do a combo move with Grog, assuming that he would agree with me that it's gonna be super cool?


You don't have to wear a dress, Kima.


I'm going to start making noise and just boom-booming.


Couture.


I slide my feet into the shoes and I wiggle my toes around. Oh, I'm sorry. I also have a confession to make.


Yeah, I like what's happening here. Here, come on. Give me a hug.


Not to slow your roll or nothing but I have a greatsword if you want one.


Beau for short works.


Wait, when did you say this dinner was taking place?


That's hard to do in a mustache.


As a reaction, when you or a creature you can see within 30 feet--


Well, thank you for your hospitality. Might we inquire about staying here the night? Do you have an inn with the establishment?


But-- Addendum  now we are friends with a giant squid being with a giant eye, so I'm just trying to--


How much is a platinum worth?


Radar picking up incoming debris field. Impact in 30 seconds.


Let's walk to the ship.


Trip coming up.


Feral?


Subtract some, because you're still really tired from being dead!


I feel like you're reaching.


And if you attack, your Invisibility drops.


Yes, thank you. I'll write a note, and I'll put in various items.


Knocked it out. No!


Well, you're welcome to do so--


Alive was the deal.


Those are from earlier.


Appendix A  Heads on Spikes, Various.


How many lessons have we learned in just the time. Wouldn't we have to erase all memories surrounding it? We wouldn't even remember our trip into the underdark?


I'm going to change my appearance. To a grungy human with shaggy hair.


Leave it alone.


Against on-- yeah, like that.


I would like to note that I am frozen like this.


No other ways in or out, huh?


The devil toad and Toya.


I have a feeling we can revive that tree somehow. It may weaken the Briarwoods' hold on the psyche of the villagers here.


No, he does.


Make it good!


He rolled a 20.


If you give me six second increments, I'm just going to go (releasing spells).


It's two feet by four feet, I believe?


The Defenders' Table. Yeah, so I'm going to the talkers' table.


Yeah, about there. For a little bit of cover from the arrows. And I can still see Kevdak.


Take over.


One thing that I'll make a point of doing is, while a lot of this is going on and I'm seeing what they're really capable of, in terms of reshaping everything, I'll spend a little bit of time at her shoulder. We'll talk, maybe a little bit, or not. Depending on what she's in the mood for. And the general gist of it is, you know, that it takes a long time, doing the stuff like this. You're making something. And sometimes it doesn't seem to balance out that scale very well, but that's all you can do. And sometimes all you can do is be around for people while they make things, because you can't do everything.


If we're trying to split them up, you could just slow the last carriage further down the road and they'd drift apart a bit, I don't know.


Was he wearing a leather thong kind of thing, with a flap? Because I feel like I could really--


Fuck. Off. Percy. Fuck off.


(singing) Welcome back.


What if it has to keep expanding all the way to the crystals?


I lean back and I go  there's nobody answering from inside. Vex, you might want to go tell the guard no one's inside.


Is she in here? Do we see any movement?


Chris is a Libra. His interests include underwater basket weaving.


(singing) I believe in you, you can do the thing.


What are you doing with my cat?


I'll send a Message to Caleb. Are you guys alive and do you need anything? You can reply to this message.


That's beautiful. How much is that, then?


Yasha, can you use your oar to see how deep we are? Does it touch bottom?


It just depends on where the ship was, if it was directly ahead of us or towards the north or the south, we'd obviously go the opposite way.


Okay. All right. Thank you, Caduceus. I'm going to make you a fan of water before your life is done, I swear.


We're mainly doing this for our own selfishness. [end of transcript]


Okay. I don't know, I'm just chilling. I'm eating food.


We may or may not have special merchandise that you can only get at the live show.


Do we still have Disguise Self up?


Just waiting for the other guys.


Nope. That's not good.


Or poorly recommended.


Damn right. Six plus ten. That's 16, plus nine is-- My persuasion's nine. Plus 16.


If you win, do you have to stick around and arm wrestle a whole bunch of people because you're suddenly the best? I don't want to dedicate more time to this.


Wings! You have wings!


I'm not ready! [dramatic music]


You've got fisherman vibes.


He's got a fucking scar over his eye. (laughter)


Do you need a moment, do you need to speak to Sarenrae?


A Heroes' Sundae Bar.


Who don't want to look at our faces.


No, no. I'd like to put a deposit down. I don't know when we'll be back. Maybe four gold to hold the reservation?


He needs a Magneto helmet.


Your people are fucking sweet. (laughter)


Oh, no, Grog, your beard has been singed.


I'm going to go up to Delilah. (pants) Cotton mouth. Oh boy. Yeah. Okay, I'm going to go up to her and be like, experience what you've been putting all of us through. And I'm going to touch her and I'm going to try and cast Contagion on her with Mind Fire?


You're very excitable.


Fitz and Ashton! We've eliminated as possible suspects: Fitz and Ashton, really, they're really lame. The pianist!


Found you.


Can I touch some of the crystals? Are they removable?


The rocks look a little weird, I don't know.


Hydra is down to 500 hit points!


Heeheehee.


Your emotions. Because you yelled at it.


What's the source of the thunder? Is that like--


I look at the dockmaster; I go  Give me the bill.


Oh my god, he was going to leave.


There's a window. Last week, you said there was a window to the courtyard.


Can I run over and grab it and pick it up and look at it?


30-- no, 20-- 21.


-- I open up the Nine Hells, take a look.


I take the tiny Pike backpack, and I would like to run along the right, the farther wall from you. Opposite direction.


Yes. I've met a ghost that I didn't want to punch.


I'll just hold my action until I see something.


Okay. So I hide behind the chimney.


I'm so amused.


And I'm going to look for secret compartments in the wall.


Oh, goddamn.


Lucien--


We are stalling.


Very good, I'm always willing to learn. Seems you are very powerful.


Everybody gets 33 points.


The authorities don't delineate between the real McCoy and the passersby. Just like that man's story. The dwarf.


We had it. We just-- We had it.


Just to take a look at what is actually going on.


Is that our plan? We're going to say, "Rebels, go," wait a while, and then attack?


Of course! If you apply yourself--


Not with healing. (counting) 32.


No! I'm right next to it.


Orc down, orc down!


B-b-blast!


Oh, am I rolling for--


It's humid still?


I'm making an athletics check. Ten.


Oh, that is a crime. I love b-- I can't even say it. Hold on, stay right there, I'll get you out-- And I walk back to Orn Blackfoot, I go, look, hey, so I gave you food, can you do anything, like, special?


You worked at Ren Faire?


So if we get the source--


All right. 30.


Yeah, don't you get advantage on grappled guy?


How did she look?


Oh yeah, no, I'm out.


I follow behind him and keep watching him. Can I see what it was?


That's fine. 25.


I think he needs this. I think it'll be all right.


It doesn't take much to distract Cali. You just point over there and she's like--


Maybe that was the sword.


Very asleep.


(sighs) You've always been bold. That's not a crime. That's all right.


I have an idea. We need to move away from here, right, Fjord?


Thanks, Fjord.


If I'm with you, I can cast Message and alert our friends.


Spiritual unicorns are dancing around you guys as this is going on.


Yeah! They were trying to kill each other!


The thing we fought the beholder in.


13 points of damage.


Smells like burnt fur.


Is this gun called Little Sparky?


This was the best opening of our show.


We can. Of course we can. Pike...


Okay. I am just going to pull my cloak up and put the hood up. That's all.


Well, you know  keep it simple, stupid.


I look at Percival. We need to talk to the girls.


I love you. I love you!


Yeah, go home! Go home! Bad golem.


Maybe Scanlan, do you have something that could-- I don't want to waste a spell and then find out that they have some sort of magical barrier enchantment that it can't stay up there.


I'll-- shit, I want to use my sneak attack. I will bonus action hide and then, from my hidden position, I will shoot.


For me?!


We should really give her like a sheath or something to put that knife away, Fjord.


I heal. I also hold her hands for a second.


I'll wait back.


All right. How would we do that?


Two. 14.


I would think.


Oh, there's that white hair. Percival!


To be fair, there is nothing better than Dungeons & Aquarium Repair.


That shouldn't be a problem.


That makes everything even better. We'll get you a room right next to the library so you can have easy access.


You light up on the roof? Let's look for access first. Don't light up 'til we give the go aside.


I know, it's really cool.


And a cantrip. Okay, so forget that.


Is it a sticky one?


Wait, no, check though, I want to make sure it's okay.


I'm kind of feeling the boat.


I'll do that right now. I'll use my reaction against mage slayer, and I'm going to punch him in the face. Just punch.


Yeah, he's over there investigating. Nothing? Okay. I will withdraw him if nothing has happened.


Well, they're going to know really quick, right? We're not going to make it in silently, right? I mean, this is clearly a honeypot, it's a trap. Might as well spring the trap.


Yeah, it just might hurt.


So I will cast Bigby's Hand and lift Grog up 30 feet like a fucking god. (laughter)


I've never, either, but I take her word for it because she's on the up and up. Maybe you talk to Jester about a mystical tattoo. That's one thing on the table. You could be an honorary member of The Mighty Nein.


Oh boy, I've already used most of my hit dice. That's crazy.


Natural 20! I swear to god.


Bless you.


Right? A day and a night?


The feeling I get reading-- the more I read about this place, is no one likes anybody down there, and so if we can figure out a way to be convenient about it, you can disappear anybody.


We won't let that happen.


Yeah, I'm going to do both of those.


So much for getting the jump on them.


This is a belt buckle, why are you passing me this?


They'll always be in a line.


That's kind of awesome.


They're smelly, they're really smelly. See?


I cut his eyebrow, and then he fucked himself by trying to smash through the barrier that I assume you created.


That's it, yes!


It was fucking wild.


Can we move towards the fork?


How do you know, Grog?


I think we are all a little frayed. I think we need to rest. Let's set up camp.


Well, she fixes it. Oh, here's a gift for recovering the rug. It makes perfect sense to me.


Do you know the dewey decimal system?


Following.


Or not.


Scorsese.


She's quite strong, actually.


The smaller one?


How did you get here?


I can control water.


Yes, I know that, Vax. I'm just saying.


No, tonight's fine. There's nothing wrong with tonight. I just figure, if we do it, and we should do it, and obviously this is nothing if not a sign that we should've done it sooner.


I swing at it with my cane as I'm on the floor.


What did Pike get?


One more time. Ki point.


You guys want to run?


(snickers)


Let's just land on the roof.


Oh wow, thank you, that's amazing, Grog. Where did you find this piece of gold?


Ten, plus, 25, 30, 35.


That is pretty great, yeah. High five. Yeah!


All right. So let's go to the tree. Percy, you're going to lead. Percy, you're going to lead. We're going to put the eight up front, with the ten, 15 stragglers behind. I tell them all: all right. As soon as you see that tree start to part, run! Run your face off! I tell that to the crowd.


Okay, here we go! Not a great start. 11.


This is stupid. What if I think about being in front of the tower?


Jester, don't you remember us talking about keeping a low profile?


No cousins. A couple sisters, a brother, my parents, but everyone's either wandered off to help try and fix what's been going wrong or has been put into the earth.


You can answer her. What direction was the dwarf going?


Into that thing right there. That's right. Mya, you should be in bed, but this is for you, baby.


You got Baned.


That is an android, that's why I look so trim there. Yeah, but the book's coming out on Tuesday! So I'll be going on book tour, so if you guys want to come see me, I'm going to 12 cities. Sorry Midwest. I'm sorry. You're so angry at me. Anyway, thank you, yeah.


Oh, Wednesday Club. We're finally-- Because I forgot that I was leaving town for some reason that I don't remember at all. I don't remember why I had to leave town for some reason.


You call them Stinky and the little one? All right.


Sneak attack damage is so good, but I can't. That thing can see me, I'm scared. I'm scared, guys! I'm going to fire my crossbow. Ooh, it's a two, it misses. I'm super scared.


They're on horseback. They're already quite far... I don't know precisely where they are, but if we can make our way to--


That dropped out of my hand, it shouldn't count. Aw, it was so much better when it didn't. Nine.


In the darkness, I say, fuck! (laughter)


I'm not sure what the price tag on a--


Does murder end up on that checklist?


No magic.


(chanting) Again! One more time! [drum intro] ♪ You got the perfect warlock, ♪ ♪ her weapons and supplies ♪ ♪ But you need a place to track your stuff ♪ ♪ 'cause you're so disorganized! ♪ ♪ You click open the web page ♪ ♪ you heard about on Critical Role ♪ ♪ *And now you're ready to kick some butt ♪ ♪ *in that mineshaft full of gnolls! ♪ ♪ It's D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond ♪ ♪ Yeah D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond ♪ ♪ You got your stats, you got your sword ♪ ♪ and you've got your invisible wand! ♪ ♪ It's D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D! ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond! ♪ (cheering)


The ones next to her?


Follow the finger.


Well, no, the charm won't work.


Still have a reaction.


Can you do another wall?


Let's maybe stock up on some torches on the way there. Nah, we don't need torches, do we?


Kashaw, how would you like to be anywhere else other than here right now?


Ooh! That'd be sick.


This is Sparta. Come on.


You may be kind of weird, but you're also nice.


Details.


Can't do anything


I have something of you inside of me. Would it help you?


Rage!


She's a ropy, muscular, halfling.


You know, there’s a mathematical equation for your stripes?


Didn't have to roll.


Money! Lots and lots of money.


Well, it's cocked. It was 20 and then it rolled.


I could do 35.


Make him hold it!


A lot of shade just got thrown.


Just enough to get them around the tent, yeah, and on their way.


(stuttering) Is she talking to me?


Same fancy type?


Does that last a round?


Sorry, big guy.


Wait, wait, wait. 12.


I am going to join Nott at the back and keep an eye on the rear.


"Socket" to me.


Taryon, you don't have to worry about paying on this.


Yeah, I can do so much. I don't see anything that's going on. I'm going to make an attack on the guy, because that's all I know how to do. On the big man. The god. I'll do-- shit, I can't do that. I'll do a Lightning Bolt at level five.


I'm going walking.


I give Percy-Trink some ear scratches.


While I whistle for Trinket to get his butt in.


Low four digits, that'll do.


Why? Am I speaking real loud?


But also we respect him enough to learn his name.


Grog, I think you're right.


You're like chipping away at it? Like an ice sculpture?


Okay. I'll take one of the little bones out, and I spoon together like, a good chunk like spaghetti on a fork. And I pop it right in.


Too much?


If there are balcony seats for the live show, do not be afraid of them, because that balcony crew is raucous. Just being in that room while the live madness is going on is something to behold, so even if it's the back, if you want to go, go.


You got the jake legs.


Looking for dangerous shit.


Oh no, Matt! Wait, how do we know where we're going, though? How will we choose?


I'll use half my speed to stand upright.


Ice.


It's nine? It's 1,000?


With Ogden saying they're ready, can I just be alone in the tent for a second?


Vecna gives up.


It's a 30-foot range, with another 30-foot range coming from me. So 60 foot total.


You did.


I just want one--


There's three small caves.


No. Do you want any ale?


Yeah. My staff doesn't have a name. It's so true.


Ah! Hello, everybody!


"So did you want me to talk to one of these guys?"


Thank you! I love you.


Okay, eight points healed.


Oh, can I--


Oh! I reroll ones and twos! Great. 11, that's better.


They're like everywhere.


I use Beast Speech to calm them. Tell them everything shall be fine.


If you die, can you write a letter and sign your name saying that we were right, you were wrong, you were full of shit, the Briarwoods are assholes--


This is a gir-nal.


Wow. That's impressive. Here's the hat. You can use it--


I think it's probably best for me not to be.


Cleff, maybe if in the future we come back and need a repair or something spiffy, you'll cut us a deal?


If we take the time right now to break their parents out and get that automaton, are we going to lose time on the thing for The Gentleman?


I feel like they'll see that as a conflict of interest.


You’ve got a morningstar.


Percy is known here.


It's a wisdom modifier.


Yeah, no, that's better.


You're low double digits? (whoosh)


Oh yeah, and it trickles down.


You're going to say it, aren't you?


'Tis clean?


No pants?


I was like, "I set this all up and then I'm not going to be able to talk to the bird!"


I have darkvision, I don't know what crows have.


I'm just Nott the Brave. (laughter)


Does it have to do with the Hunt?


No, the Baumbauchs don't make rosé.


Does he have an earring?


Does this ring any bells, then?


I love his facial expressions from here.


Yeah, peruse the last 90 pages for the last hour.


We're also always big fans of underbellies, especially if there's an underbelly with a heart of gold.


(clears throat) I can speak when I have to.


I wasn't, Beau, I love your hair. I wasn't laughing at you!


Wait, I'm touching her? Cure Wounds!


I'm going to pull up a plank of that crate.


Well, that's just fucking dark.


Ah jeez, really?


Can I have a little privacy while I check my undercarriage?


That’s true, you all get my phone if you get it.


Oh, no. Not you. You're such a friend to me. I can't ruin that.


She's fine.


That's a 20, 12 plus eight.


But did you have-- I don't think you answered the other part of what he was saying. Do you have any wares for--


(laughs) You called me over to push me.


If it makes you feel better, I rolled a one and used Luck.


You just see blankets. It's like when the Sims.


I mean, it's just horse tracks, but I can look. Horse tracks on a main road. Unless Tary is thinking and he's leaving something behind so that we can track him.


Okay, yes. Good-- Good thinking.


When they wake up in the morning, Vax has a bill under his door for three bottles of wine. And Vex for one bottle. And Keyleth for a construction bill of 5,000 gold pieces.


Take the punch!


"Man, we ain't found shit."


That was very smart, Grog.


I hand you a broom.


Help me. I get advantage?


All right, I'll give it a shot. We'll see if he's looking at me. It doesn't look good, though. Wow, that's a tight angle.


14 is the DC.


Again. 12.


Keyleth, your hair's still on fire.


Yeah, let's have a Heroes' Feast, which-- okay, hang on, let me check here.


That didn't make it any better, dear child!


Yes, it's nice to see you again, Mr. Sol.


Oh, you burned my new robes! Ugh.


Loot the body. Might get some acorns.


But you didn't know what you were doing--


Weren't there-- oh, they killed one, that's right, and you guys fucking killed one, too.


Three and a half.


For 50! No.


Ten days is really good.


Oh yeah, we're going to have that conversation.


You should have taken the cocked.


I don't know if that was called for at all.


Was it in a cave?


I'm going to float it over and put it in one of my vials.


And then, could I commission you, by the way, to maybe make some armor that’s really heavy armor but very quiet?


Why do we only have one?


So it can't be the middle of a battle, sure.


And we're how high in the air from the floor that she's on?


This is real life. But to start--


This is why I'm a voice actor. And--


That's what I'm saying. We flank his head.


There you go. What was the other thing?


All right. I won't steal or murder, then.


I don't know what Grog's plans are, but I do know if there were any adventuring to be had, that her and Grog got to on some adventures together.


Oh, yeah. On a more radder note, Final Fantasy Type-0-- you should play-- is out also. I play Nine. In that.


If we follow them on the bridge, won't they feel it bouncing?


The Platinum Sanctuary.


(high-pitched voice) Hey! Hey guys! Oh god, let her never see that.


Can I theoretically cast a Grasping Vine coming out of the hellmouth?


It'll take me like, a minute to get all the way around there.


I think we are probably not going to be able to help out right now.


Do I sense a cancerous tree in the area?


I don't know I can only hear muffles. Choice words. I think they're talking about you, though.


We had a little bit of metallurgy to do.


Evacuate it via air.


So Lyra, you are already a full fledged slayer?


Not as well as yesterday, but really well.


I have been watching a lot of Olympics.


I have dark vision, gosh dang it!


Yes! I spent a fuckton of time! I'm building up my library in the house, so I spent a lot of time researching Orcus and the Raven Queen and learning everything that I can about all of them. All of them.


Like Santa Claus, you might have to go up and check for yourself. Tug on the beard, see if--


We're looking, but none of ours.


Put me behind that wall, yep.


12 for me. Natural 18 for Yasha.


Yes, you, the small one in the back.


Percival's the lord of Whitestone. He's got a castle!


Yes, I have two eyes.


Let's put our hoods and cloaks on. Weren't you going to make yourself look like a tiefling?


Oh yay! Oh, these are beautiful.


We can ride on the broom.


I'm gonna squeeze in here really quick. So I have some thank you's I wanna call out while you guys are here. I figured they'd appreciate me calling them out the most while you guys were on screen. 'Cause they like you guys for some reason.


I'm an extra layer of protection.


It's fine, dear.


This is what everyone should be getting this month.


I sit down next to her and I show her some of my drawings to the Traveler that I did before I went to bed. Look, Yasha, it's rat balloons. I show her a little drawing I did.


Nine, wow.


It's good to dispatch two in one turn.


Are you looking for something specific?


How far away is he now? From where we moved?


(sighs) I'm so angry right now! Thorn's d--


You shot shit out of your hands. I don't think you were not brave. That was really impressive.


You don't know where they went? How did you get separated?


Well, these guys probably don't know me.


I move towards the tree.


There's a story there.


That is what I was afraid of.


(shouts) No, I'm good!


I'm going to immediately look around. Do I see any of the safes where you would hide a guarded package in here?


Well, I guess original and O is redundant, but -


We could take their weapons, I bet they're nice weapons. Or we could return them to the Crownsguard, maybe they would reward us?


Hit, and then I'll probably do my Flurry of Blows.


It's pretty inspirational.


My door is unlocked.


I'll be close to the front, too. I'll get nasty, I have darkvision. I mean, the second that water gets disturbed, it's going to be boy howdy.


Thanks, Trinket.


Simon, go through the mirror.


I'm at the ready for whatever.


29.


She's good at finding holes.


If you set camp though, good sentry.


Crazy room!


And I'm staying up there?


Okay. So, question. I want to use something I think that I can use called-- this may be stupid, so I have another option if this is dumb.


What was this about Loot Crate?


Are these two things happening simultaneously?


Jared.


We're trying to go up, right?


Oh, what was that thing you did in the circus? That was cool. (whistling)


(whispering) Silence speaks volumes, though.


Solid announcement.


I reach in the bag and I pull out the jewels and I dump them off the side. I want them to fall in the water as we're walking.


Did we see Caduceus upstairs?


What are you two doing over here? You're holding up. We need to move.


The Broker?


Instead of the Bloodaxe.


What's the depth like as I'm going through?


Matthew, we've been doing this for three years, and you still fucking blow me away game after game. I'm sorry. Tyriok, I meant to say.


It's a survival check.


I get an attack of opportunity. (laughter)


Lady spas?!


(cheers)


No no no. The bats will ruin our element of surprise.


Cover for me.


You can still cast a spell.


Trinket. Shake.


Wait, but the poison will go away eventually, right? Won't it?


Okay. All right. That's fine. Natural 20.


Second one. No, even worse, natural four.


I'm going to-- it's not going to work. I'm going to try to distract him with Trinket, so I'm going to have Trinket attack him as I run in and cast Protection from Poison on Pike.


Okay. I'm going to do some monk shit here. I'm going to elbow one of the guards. Right in the ribs. And take the other one and bash the other one in the face and then I'm going to turn to Toya and I'm going to say, "Run! Run! Go! Run!"


A minute, but about 30 seconds have gone by.


I will punch the other one.


The Gentleman described the research facility to everybody right? Before they split off?


Proficiency.


She can't hear you, she's deaf.


I stand watch while they do this and just look for any movement.


Laura was hyperventilating.


I cast Dispel Magic on Scanlan.


No. I am going instead to cast Expeditious Retreat on myself and at the same time change the focus on my transmuter stone to a constitution buff. That's it. I'm going to jet back 90 feet.


Oh. It's been, like-- two years?


No, shut up, you. Where are we, and where is she?


That's a good plan. They probably have some good wine.


In case we destroy the bridge.


Does it look like hitting it hurt it?


Alive? Dead?


Once I'm actually in a place to try and impress people, I'll be saying my name more.


Thank goodness. Thank you, gentlemen. Forgive me, I can see that you're trying to get yourself home to bed.


What's our cover story? What's the ruse here? We need help from the government because bandits have taken over our house?


On the count of three, when you're ready.


No Pike?


One would hope. Would have made our job much easier.


Wow, Ash.


Tusk Love! (laughter)


Be the chaos you want to see in the world.


You look handsomer.


Including me?


There was a pack in the bag.


That's a good name for her, Chastity Nook. Yeah, that's good.


I'm already prone.


No, I'm not, I--


So we're all still friends?


Let's go in the storage room and go up.


Yeah, let's come in from the back. I don't know what the gnomes are doing.


I put mine out as well and say  your appearance fascinates me on so many levels, I look forward to getting to know you.


The orb, they went into the orb!


How many hit points?


We should bring her to the--


Hope you didn't kill our sister.


Yeah, you know, really bad wounds, also it really hurts a lot, and it makes people turn pink, and also it makes people, like, start dancing and stuff.


Rogues are whatever.


I put a little cologne on the page.


How much do I owe you for this?


Okay. Then I'll shoot one of the guys.


Okay, and then I will just go, oh! And pop him with my staff.


You could spend the night tracking him.


I think we might have lost the element of surprise.


Does he have advantage?


The dumbest.


Nicely done, Vax.


Wait wait wait! If we bring you there, we'll get a hundred platinum, you think?


Beau, you got this.


I mean I call them sticks because I don't need them. But I suppose they really needed them.


He had a cloak, did he not?


No I'm going to read here. Good focus!


Does Fenthras mean anything? Fenthras doesn't mean anything, right?


It appeared he took damage from the necrotic?


Don't worry. It's a cat, usually.


I'm going to Hunter's Mark the big undead monster in the room. And then I'm going to shoot him! With the Blazing Bowstring!


Stealthy. Stealth. I cast Pass Without a Trace on him.


You wouldn't mind?


Is Trinket anywhere near them?


Nott, for real, man. Context clues.


Now, what are we moving?


Sorry, got caught in a language loop. Do you have any pencil and paper, or pen and ink?


Oh, I'm going to do that, too. I've got a plan.


Let's go talk to Dolan, and then we'll leave, and we'll go to Hupperdook and then we'll go to Nogvurot.


Before that ends I go, hop off.


You should probably pass that, I think.


Oh, don't get me started.


Okay. Detect for traps. Look for traps on this door.


Are they altruists though or are they mercenaries?


Dusk.


Yeah, because north was--


I'm not going to lie, it does hurt when he's gone, but I always know he can come back if I have the coin.


You don't know that. But, still.


Taverski. Would he know you if I was like, "Hey, friend of ours named Nott--"


Stay.


-- and boats.


Second attack. I just want to touch him with my finger. Just, like, a boop.


No, this is sword.


Not trapped. Okay, I'll get to work on it, then. 32.


Because we were arcanists walking loose in the--


Let's not split up, let's do this together.


Okay, now. This is, I'm the first to attack, which means that it is-- Ooh, it's a 19.


Are you addicted to death now?


I want to adopt her.


Well, yeah. I mean, if that's possible. And also, I'm-- just some stuff for cooking. And otherwise I'm just looking for a nice general set of a few things. I've got a list here, just some food flavors as well.


I know, right? I mean, I've never met him, I thought it would be cool. That's who I was looking for when I met Fjord, over there.


I'm bleeding out my mouth.


Miss. It says patient defense, spend one ki point to take the dodge action as a bonus action on my turn.


She better now!


Let's burn down Manhattan. How do you do that?!


Oh no. This is a lot.


Well, we would be happy to help if we can. We are here to do good, anyway. We've already done some. We conquered the devastating campsite of Soradun the Happy, and we're up to doing more tasks like that, if it would help.


Eight plus five is 13 plus another six is 19.


-- and then you woke her up.


Comprehend Languages. I understand everything.


There you go, boss!


I know, it's the evil! It's so strong! I rolled a 19.


I'm going to try to fix my gun.


Those two.


Yes. I did, didn't I?


Can you come over here?


I was. I'm doing better.


Advantage? Advantage?


Well I'm still sitting, still kneeling on the flying carpet with Percy, so I'm just throwing daggers at the bacon brain.


18 is the dragon's AC.


Do I have a blessing anymore?


We let them know where the grove would be found, before we left them.


Common, Goblin, Halfling.


I'm Periscope-ing until we're not having video issues.


Firebolt.


I'd like to hold my turn.


You could dash.


Is the water going the way we want to go?


That's the Grog one.


It's like a cobra ready to strike!


And I get my bearings, and I can see Pike, I can see Trinket.


They're not nomadic any more.


Your whole herd may have perished fighting this same dragon.


Let's see here. Yeah, okay. So I am going to cast Shield of Faith onto Vex, which gives a plus two bonus to AC.


You have to be able to hire her. I'm sure there's a system.


I know, I feel so alive!


Oh, they died a while ago.


Whoa, buddy.


I also took a poop while at the chateau, but I thought I didn't--


I am just finishing up the spell Unseen Servant before I go to bed so that I will know it in the morning.


I would like to announce that I am nervous as shit.


a.m.!


They don't rely on you?


So while you guys are on break, you'll get yourselves some cake. But before we cut to the videos, I just want to remind everyone watching from the front page that we are 140 shirts away from getting to a thousand shirts sold, and at a thousand, we will do a live Q&A after the show tonight.


You can drop that, uh--


My Gloves of Swimming and Climbing, are those attuned items?


All right, well, I suppose that's better than nothing at all.


Just--


It was mine.


We're about to lose everything, we might as well celebrate what we've got.


I won't be able to find them.


Every time it gets hit, even by spells.


That was very impressive. Thank you.


It would really hurt, but it could happen.


I throw my white man's overbite back on.


You can carry him to the cliff!


I'm a fan of adrenaline.


It's very hard to get a spell in there.


They're so cute. There's little baby Trinkets.


I want to save one action to grab Pike and yank her, so that means I have an action and a bonus action and movement to fly a total of 360 feet, halved, which is 180 feet to Pike, like a rocket. Grab her and roll into the door of the mansion.


Just the armor. I didn't give back the swords.


I'm going to take off running after the horses to see if I can catch up with them.


Can we get our fingers in?


I give him the evil eye.


"Don't do anything." I'm saying this on the ears.


I think that doesn't look very hospitable.


That's one way to get your players to move. There's babies dying.


I saw them take off into the forest. I tracked a little bit right between those trees. I don't know, we can start there.


Muscle-ups.


If someone's whispering in your ear, it's probably the sound of your conscience saying: "Go buy a T-shirt!"


Four doors, four doors, I'm going to-- I'm going to stay by Yasha.


First things first.


You're such a pain in the neck, Ma!


Don't fuck me, Gil. Oh, okay. Just straight intelligence?


I have one.


(slowly) I don't know. Thank you.


You have citizens of your city that are starting to paint his symbol on their doors out of fear. This is the last thing you want in the middle of this crisis. All time spent with any volunteer hands need to be from any spare clerics who can help calm the minds of the afraid.


Oh, no, that's where we got our syphilis from!


Do you want many of them? Because I just bought a bunch.


Can we never do that again?


Keyleth, don't you have something that he gave us?


Why did you drop a ball bearing down there?


Well, that's another question. We are. Does one of us need to go out there and lead the rebels?


It's not really a great weapon.


Just a hint, a tiny hint, of remorse for having to kill this thing that I helped raise.


You think if we go in, you're never coming back?


Is it possible she could've put some kind of covering over them?


How do you have 1200 gold?


Yeah, call them off!


It's like latticework, you have to do the smaller circle inside the larger.


-- I fell asleep! I totally forgot. I am sound asleep.


Poison and healing, got it.


Yeah. I'd be comfortable talking to that little crazy gnome.


That's not going to be us!


Oh, do you want to be team potions?


Okay, I'm going to try it up on the roof.


So they get pushed as well.


Okay. Don't know how that'll work if we're flying, but okay. Doesn't that cover our tracks? Oh, that's the stealth rolls thing? Okay, good. Wait, Keyleth, will you hold onto my Mythcarver sword for me?


Do we need to check in with Drez? No, we know what he wants.


Then I have no damn movement.


It's a Zork game. We go down the stairs.


I mean, do you want to go see another cleric and see if you even need to exercise or not?


Have a wonderful rest.


Oh, you know who should come? Yasha.


How'd the rest of the night go? Any lightning strikes or anything crazy?


That seems not like a good idea.


I'm grabbing the sword and taking it to a corner and I'm going to stare at it for a second.


You're still inspired.


What is that for?


Sepsis!


We were talking about you. I mean, we were talking about-- sorry, I'm still working on it.


Yeah, well, anyway. What it is that you need with that, though?


We've been hired by creepy people, but not by-- Oh, so I'm wearing a mask, but that is a different kind of mask. It's not a dragon mask.


Well, into the forge, I suppose. Find the sword, head to the forge.


Daggers out.


(whispers) Roll a little better.


All three hit, so the first one we'll do a sneak attack on, and here we go.


Oh god. Fuck, that's getting weird. [cheering]


I'm pretty sure that's Voltron, guys.


It's so much more beautiful up close.


Talk to the Slayer's Take and see what is already on the continent.


Do you want to become evil, Grog?


Everything here has attacked us.


They went away.


No, just 4d6.


I'm going to get everybody organized. Everyone, please follow me. We're heading towards the main castle.


Okay, so do I roll damage right now?


Is the flag just solid purple?


Can you levitate or do something to move a giant boulder that we can drop on top of it?


It's like the Man in Black.


Gallan! Gallan, come on, carpenter!


All right, well, I got 19.


I can give my Scrying Eye to Vex.


Buying people's loyalty for a gold a day?


Okay so there's dim light then, from the torch.


To get ready for those entities.


We didn't find any books upstairs, sorry.


Oh! Oh yeah!


Haven't you seen airships?


Yeah, I like the way you treat it.


I think he knows we're here.


Did you get anything out of it?


How many penises have you seen?


17 is exactly what he needed.


This is stupid!


Have they seen you?


Grog has something for you.


Okay, I'll do that.


I have a low AC. I don't wear clothes. I wear gauntlets and stuff. I wear skin. And tattoos.


Percy, what's that?


Mm-hmm!


Intimidation, you said. Oh, hell, I'm using Luck in case I can do better. No, 17.


Aw! That's cute!


We've never had smoke before!


Oh, you want me to do mine first?


Oh, I hope Captain Damon's all right.


You can use mine.


Maybe that's why she didn't listen to you. Because you called her the wrong name.


This one showed his true colors, and then we took care of it. I'm going to throw one of my swords down on the ground that is filthy with its blood.


Can I get any farther with my wings out? I popped them out before we came up.


Well, somebody that can talk to the guards.


And 25-year-old guys.


Jester, I'd like you to come.


You don't have to stay the whole time, but that's what I'm going to do. You can do whatever the fuck you want.


Yeah, thanks guys, for putting the pressure on.


That's how you do it! You take some, mash it together. Put it in a barrel.


Oh! Get it, Jamedi!


I do? Thank god, because that was a one. 18.


I can use-- I don't know if it will help, but I have a really great diamond of awesomeness that's precious.


Does this mean we can get yacht gear if we go on a boat-- or pirate gear?


Screw you, Snitch.


No, it's okay, yeah! Percy will remember the nude massage.


I would have gone as far forward as I can.


Just straight wisdom?


Gotta love that nat 17.


If you rolled zero, you rolled a ten.


All right. I’m going to skirt along on his side, the rakshasa’s side, and shout out, "It’s not Gilmore, it’s a fucking demon!" at Scanlan, and then I’m going to use my first action to try to disarm kitty-cat.


That seems like a dichotomy there.


Yeah, right there.


Okay, basically, if you stay within 30 feet of me-- I can't even read this because my eyes are watering. You have advantage on all saving throws and other creatures have disadvantage on attack rolls.


We were. I recognize you, too. I feel like we've met before. Maybe at a gala previously?


What is your job, exactly?


Do we have anything red?


Is that a spell?


Okay, 13.


That is seven on the dice, plus seven, 14.


I know, I'm freaking out.


I'm going to keep an eye on her, because I think she's going to try to steal some of our stuff.


I like being furry.


But it seems like it might be okay, right?


Yeah, you can't see us, but we can see you. I've been working on this for weeks.


What, we have to go through his guard? No. We're part of the council.


That one failed me.


Do any of them run under this tower?


Let's see. 13.


I assume I've just got some very basic black robe that just--


There were traps left still. Still the same, all right.


But for next time, when you kill it and get a How Do You Want To Do This with it. Just in case.


Sure. Do you want to tell them? It is your humble abode.


That shark is our most effective weapon.


It was a two plus whatever I said before, seven.


Shh! Shh! Shut up!


I will receive that. Set!


Oh man, Caleb, so rough tonight.


We could do a pub crawl, we'll just have a beer at every pub we hit on the way back to the Keep.


This is not Vax.


Where's Caleb?


I'm sitting down to breakfast.


He's not in--


(gasping) Oh my gods!


It was in the day.


They're islands.


I might have screamed in his face.


What's this? (cheering and laughing)


Guys, we're the heroes here.


With your mind!


Maybe we can mess one person up.


We're working for the smugglers. We'll put it back in the safe house.


Grog, you want to give me the sword. And I will cast Suggestion on him.


20 for Scanlan.


Oh, well, I don't know. We're here for Fjord, really, so it's up to him.


You know, I just had a really bad day today, that's all it was. I guess I'm sorry as well.


Like a Voldemort hug.


Okay. Well, then I'll cast Revivify into one of my coins and give it to Vex and say, use this on me if I fall. Oh, and also, I'll give her my five Needle Arrows that I made.


Oh, Greg did it. Oh, with a little porty emote. That's cute. Thanks, Greg Miller.


Can I sing for her?


And I can make the ground thin enough to where it's not going to support weight, yeah?


Okay. All right.


I'm sorry--


Can I ask a favor of you?


You rolled a one on your hit. We both suck.


I look at him.


Vex, you're being awfully quiet, what do you think we should do right now? (laughter)


(sings Zelda music)


Cool. I'm going to pull out a piece of copper wire and, remembering the motions that Caleb taught me, I'm going to twirl it around in my hand and hold it up to my mouth and whisper a Message just to Caleb.


It's really great. I don't know. I feel really good about myself right now.


(laughs) We've always known that.


How many days, Sam?


That's a slam dunk at level two.


Oh yeah, no, I think I want--


Can you punch this?


We're sneaky, we're so sneaky!


Okay, I'm going to look around with my defensive stance and be like "Aw, fucking really?" and then go: Parkour! Stab!


Guys, as you know, this week I received many emails from fans who loved our D&D Beyond ad last week. And they told me that I had missed part of the story. To recap, our sponsor is D&D Beyond. They are contributing $100 to 826LA for every natural one we roll. Also, as part of their massive 826LA charity initiative, we're past the $10,000 tier, so D&D Beyond has offered up the discount code "826LA" for 25% off their awesome Legendary Bundle, which includes all the digital materials available on D&D Beyond. Last week, to honor that, I had dug through the archives and found a commercial that D&D Beyond had run in the '80s. We did a staged reading of it.


We're screwed!


She's piloting-- do you know how to drive a boat?


We've got one over here. Two over here.


Yeah, trade me seats for a second, Liam.


I've never had a whisper before!


Can I use Create or Destroy Water to try and dehydrate these vines really badly?


This is a sportsball.


I could do a tripwire... for the horses?


Check for traps, you guys!


That we buried Senokir's wife's ashes.


Heading over to Molly, I stop in the middle of the room at that inert circle. Does it look like anything?


I pull Fjord away for a moment, about ten or 15 feet away. This man in the boat has seen all of you who are supposed to be under house arrest. We cannot have him talking to the authorities.


Okay, so if I attack her, it's at disadvantage? Or with--


We weren't prepared!


Does it look like it's been there for a really long damn time?


Yeah. I'm dumb.


I didn't shave off his whole beard. Only half of it.


I like that people just feed us. We show up, and there's food.


I could do my speech if I had a short rest.


To see about being armed guards, and then we're going to go to the--


Yeah, that's an interesting question.


You have to save yourself so you can help us!


No-- aww.


Ah. Voice of the Tempest.


Oh no! (laughter)


I'll take it if no one else does.


We called down?


Okay. Then I have one explosive arrow, maybe. Great. I'd also like to purchase a pair of gloves or have them made.


Add my charisma modifier? 18.


Okay, can I loop around, kind of come up behind them?


That's a lot of balls.


I certainly hope you don't lose it during our quest.


Matt, where is The RZA on the--


Stealing comes with a pretty hefty fine. So does killing people.


See? (laughter)


Okay. I'll walk up to the shore and put my boots in, ankles deep, in the water and stand there. Then I'll summon the falchion next to my side.


Under sort of holding arrest or something? We can't leave the city.


Has that happened since the walk of shame?


You burned it. Thank you.


It's like the Pacific Ocean.


Okay. Once again, I'll yell back at Doty and just say, Ahh! The thing with the grappling hooks again!


This place fucking sucks.


Oh, it's a blanket! Oh, okay. We can take that.


Trinket? Would you want to be turned into a wyvern?


He was the one who was super not-cool with us being there, super angry.


Did Vax reply?


I go, hey it's okay, calm-- Fireball! Out of the staff.


Disadvantage? Aw, come on. That was so much better than the first one.


Who failed?


Tune into All Work, No Play this Friday!


Same six seconds!


You can as an action.


He doesn't know by whom!


Give it to Fjord again. This is his day.


Not good. Ten.


I grab it back.


We haven't come up with a plan yet.


And dark hoods, executioner-style.


Yes, I do. I will sing to him. (singing) Pour some platinum on thee and get it on an anvil. Pour some platinum on thee when you need a trammel!


As she put her hands up, he can see her flexing biceps.


Five. Six. Six.


We walk south. We leave.


It's around the corner.


I move towards Caleb and kind of bodyguard him. I am going to take the Patient Defense. Yeah, that works. I'm going to take the Patient Defense.


You're an interesting fellow.


Whoa, what? It was a necklace we're talking about?


All right. All in favor of that plan?


I hope you know what you're doing. Do we get time with you before you leave?


What's Doty's willpower?


Which weapons?


Did you say 17, Matt?


No, let's go now!


Okay, I think--


You do. To mitheens.


Damn, damn!


Yeah, it's a thing that you wrap around your fingers and then you go like this?


Build a narrative. Start talking just a little bit louder than what you should in public. Maybe whispering to some bartenders.


This is not my first time.


Okay. (Sam muttering)


I'm going to grab a cloak off the thing.


We want all of you guys to go find these books, find other people in your town or online, and play.


And now we're doubling back.


We're supposed to at least say that, right? And then still accept it, right?


Can I do an insight check just to make sure that she's telling the truth?


And the Spire!


Wait a minute!


As we walk up, I'm going to take my robe, and for the first time any time this party has seen, cross it over and tie it more traditionally.


Those are the absolute most basic you can have.


Fjord, I am your dream!


I'm dumping 29 hit points of paladin power into your face.


I'm not cursing!


So I'm running balls-out to that tree, and I'm going to go right up against the tree. And fucking wait and that's it.


We have two very important questions.


Who are we talking about? (laughter)


(Jester voice) You are like my little doll.


So is everybody good? Anybody need healing?


Oh, yes, we actually came under such heavy heat we had to rebrand the ship as The Mistake.


Wait. Within ten feet of one of them?


We're at the Shade!


No, of course not! I like myself just the way I am.


Bless or something. Do a Bless!


Wish on the carpet-- oh.


Well, the Earth Ashari do, and the Fire Ashari sometimes.


What's wrong with being in a girdle?


That is also a Jean-Claude Van Damme. I'll skip a couple of these. Okay. Defender!


Please don't tell Caleb; he might get upset. I think that this is someone from his past who might be able to, you know, make him think of happier times.


That was very believable, Caleb.


We've heard that you know more about this town than anyone else.


Yes. It's the number nine.


I don't know how this spell works. I hope it works. We might get hit on the way out.


That's a lot of money! For all of us.


Oh shit. [horrified gasping]


You said, "Oh I wish I could share my problems with my friends."


Does my head do this?


On your turn, yeah.


Well, we appreciate it. We'll head on up.


Are there any more gods here? Not that we know of.


We have a broken wheel, anyway. We're not moving at a particular speed at the moment.


In my anger.


Big money no whammies, big money no whammies!


That's really far. No, but how would you do it? How would you do it?


Yeah, I'm into it. Especially if it fails, please!


We could send a bird in. Or an invisible gnome.


Yeah, I want to keep it, use it as like cover.


I walk between them and put hands out.


We start pulling plates off--


I want to spy the rings on her hand, by the way, really quickly.


Perhaps she will go to breakfast.


Improvise. We're good at that.


I follow behind him closely.


Oh, I'm sure at the very least I knock on the door and say; I'm having fruit if anyone wants anything.


I put Scanlan down. Find a large rock that's tumbled down, maybe.


I really like dill.


Between you and Tiberius, with the columns and stuff?


We're going to need to destroy the mechanism.


Can I back up a little bit? Yeah.


What's behind us?


I'm crawling up into it, man.


Wait, you're not the one?


And will you hold up that mini?


Oh god! Five. Right? That was a two, plus three. Five.


Hell hath frozen over.


Are we doing a group thing right now?


I do. I have Danger Sense. It fucks you up. Yeah, it hurts real bad.


Oh! Oh! Oh! Fancy you! Blah-blah-blah-blah! (all laugh)


No, it's Nine, the number nine.


So three. The first of them is probably when we get to land, it will be better if you kept a low profile because we sometimes cut a rough swathe wherever we go and I can't guarantee that someone is not familiar with us. So I would hate for any danger to, you know-- best not to call attention.


I'll join in the bludgeon-fest, and I will cast (sings) Bigby's Hand! And I will, I'll make it come right next to him, sort of between him and Grog? I can't get between him and Grog.


There was possibly a giant gold ship, underneath.


My sister winks.


Yeah, I found him. I'm going to get him a spellbook. Does anybody want to come with, or are you all good?


There's the Feywild. There's dropping stuff off at Whitestone. There's Marquet, which something is there in Marquet?


Okay, average, average.


Claudia Black.


Yeah, to all of us? TPK up in this business.


Oh yeah, that makes sense, right? Nine. 25.


He's making a very strange noise right now.


Labenda.


No, aren't we in the road? Oh, did we come back?


Everyone dies.


I feel like you're fucking with me. (all laugh)


I know he's got a great plan, on the 5.


Argh. [laughter]


Someone who is working with Sylas, right?


Let's full-speed blow past them, just nod and keep moving.


Oh, he's got 40.


Get Brian Foster in here with his ping pong racket.


You still alive there?


It's a goliath hammer!


Okay, definitely stopping in Hupperdook.


Thanks to the Feral Instinct.


There is an imp still in front of us?


All right. Shit. This was not very fruitful.


We can do it together.


Oh! Real good on both ones! I'll take that 16 from Gil. I take it all back, Gil.


I've never seen anything like this before in my life.


I take the flagon of ale that I've been drinking all this time. I slam it down on the ground and push my sister out of the way and yell at the top of my lungs, Grog! Your father was an undead piece of shit and your cousin's going to make you his bitch!


Is there not? There's one before it?


You're so cool, but I totally didn't put the treehouse in the top of the tree. I totally put it underneath the city. But there's a treehouse. There's a clubhouse.


Let's go in there, then.


Are we able to tell from what Grog just did what he does? Does he react, does he just go (grunts).


Okay. 25.


Well, I-- whoever's going down should be on the carpet, 'cause I can still fly.


I feel so much better for every terrible thing I've said. Oh my god.


Pat, pat.


That was not what I was expecting!


It's ranged disadvantage.


What did you get, Liam?


Make sure we get some of those things.


It's not remembering. He's going to be making it up. I'm not actually going to remember it, he's going to lie.


You are relying on me. I'm very happy.


If I put them in like a line, and we're like, "Go! Go! Go!"


C'mon.


Grog look, papaya.


Oh boy. Guys...


I won't ever let go!


Aw, they're shedding on it!


Okay, you said that we have some cannons aboard. Do we have gunpowder?


I was waiting for the right moment to give it back.


What, Percy?


We could also drag you back to The Gentleman if you'd prefer that, instead. Or you could point us in the right direction and let us take care of it.


We almost got our ass kicked by ghosts!


I'm going to hang out where I am.


She's told us.


There is always a cost.


What are we signaling for?


I'm going to run all the way back to the back of the room, I'm going to put as much distance-- well, actually I'll take my shots first. I've got Animus up, so I'm going to spend a point on it. I'm running out of grit. And I'm going to try and take a shot on this guy.


I'll use two. A 4th-level spell, right?


Yeah, go do that!


We'll need to earn our money back.


If the trigger for that, they're going to be underground--


It's made of dice.


I feel like we're in trouble.


That's why your eye hurts.


Am I able to light the boom-boom stick?


That's the most fucked-up shit I've ever seen, and I grew up in Shadycreek Run.


God, motherfucker!


You can't be frightened after a Heroes' Feast.


We're six seconds in, Taliesin.


You might not want mittens, you know?


If things had gotten really bad, though, you would have stepped in, right? You wouldn't have let something really bad happen?


And I'm going to dash.


Wait, wait! Caleb, what if you use your anti-sink bubble?


Are there any other people around? I'm going to give a roll.


As it happens, I reach for my decanter and I can control the charge; it's just charged, but I dissipate the charge. But also keep it for a little bit? No, I dissipate the whole thing. And I turn to the cleric and I go, oh holy man which cured my mind, would you be so graceful as to use the force of Sarenrae to bless the water in my canteen?


That's true. Umbrasyl. Dead and gone.


How collapsed is it?


That's just the jellyfish sting taking effect.


We circled all the way back around.


Like more...


Roll for Grog.


As he's doing that, I'm going to drink a potion of frost giant strength.


Weird roommates. Giant lower floor, tiny upper floor.


So do you think you're stronger, and you're more proficient with actual melee weapons, right? Because I don't think I can shoot a trammel from my bow.


More kraken.


The roll I just used, or a new roll?


Past Clarota. Maybe out--


I sit down and I say, I feel really bad for you mate. You know, my friend? He's got hand herpes... So do I.


I've got another idea. But your idea led to this idea. It's a building process. What if Keyleth took one of the Gate Stones, glided down there as an earth elemental, grabbed the sword, and then bamfed back to us.


How do you spell your name, Caleb? That's right.


I think Percy's right. We're worse than friends, we're family. And family leaves.


Oh, I get down close to it and go (groans) and I flip it over.


Of course I know how to write. I'm an educated man.


They fucking hated each other. They hated each other!


I don't know what that is, but someone will tell me.


And then the one duergar in front of Grog? Is that what's going on, too?


Oh yeah, I'll take a potion.


Someone pump some life into me!


Likely, there's a master plan; we understand.


He was responsible for the circus, that's all, he just took responsibility.


That's 25... that's ten points of damage, plus four points of fire damage. Sharpshooter shot. That's a 22. That's 21 points of damage. Another sharpshooter shot with ice fire. Finally, I get the breakdown on that one. The gun jammed. I put it away.


Maybe you have to show him how good a blacksmith you are to earn the privilege.


Just some potions.


We're following up the stairs.


No thank you. How high, he would be--?


I mean, Hotis-- How long has it been, DM?


Fucking blow-outs every morning.


Jay Garrick.


It's good that we burned those two actions for that; I feel like that was a good use.


A Bag of Holding?


Those are really hard to get!


Zemnian.


I put my hand in my pizza! (all laugh)


Oh, thanks Jester-- (scared moans)


I'm partial-- I was partial to the warhammer.


Thank you, that is fair.


Does it feel like that? Yeah. Okay. Yeah.


So it's very slow, but not as slow as the rate he's walking.


I'm going to come in and I'm going to do a big spinning barrel flip with two flying kicks! Crack, crack! Right onto its spinal cord. Sorry, Gil, you've been destroying me here lately. First two hits! Oh! Did you see that?! That was such shit! 14 for one.


When Pike kicked the bucket, and that moment all of us realized what happened, and there was an instant shift in real emotion, where whatever the hell, I don't even remember who we were fighting, because I went like, fucking cast this, and everyone's just, kill this thing, because we all cared so much in a real life situation, where we hated this thing, with real emotion, and we just slaughtered it.


We made a solemn oath.


That's all right. It could've been now. It'll just be worse later.


(gasp) Oh, Feeblemind.


That's still not great.


Maybe our werewolf friends are still around.


I think we're on a corner, like far enough away from the house not to be a problem.


I'm hideous. No, he's right. I'm hideous.


You. You look like a mighty warrior. Do you need another drink?


How do you-- it was rough? How do you feel? (laughter)


I'm very wary of this, but fine.


Insight check. One. (laughter)


Is there anyone still held on by the kraken?


Yeah, well, we could send Frumpkin to have a look around.


Thanks, dragon armor!


I'm sorry to hear that. I never like to see a creature put under the boot of somebody else for their gain. I'll toss him the bracelet.


We'll move over to where our bubble was before, how about that?


I can't believe we came without Pike, ever.


I have their claws still.


I think we're going to take the lay of the land first. See what we're up against.


It's a constitution saving throw.


I never left.


Yeah, which sucks for us, and now they can get to us faster.


Hm. I'm gonna-- oh wait, I'm a tiger.


What happens when you say that shit?!


We land inside the gates.


Yeah, we need to do some discussion.


Well, this is play for him, so I don't know, this is not an attack, I just want to tickle him. Kind of grinding on him. In a way, trying to use that to his advantage to make him uncomfortable.


Make a Fu-Manchu check.


They're safe there?


I'm coming, boo.


That was a good pun.


They just took out Draconia, darling. All of it. Gone.


Has anybody-- has Nott been hit at all?


Should we add an NDA?


Molly I think they also need a bath.


Skin mittens.


I'll look this time.


Get the fucker, you dirty bastard.


Westruun's under dragon rule. There's an actual dragon on Westruun.


Can we build a stage out of chickens?


Nice job, Kit! (cheering)


We can take out people pushing it.


What do you think's going to happen in an hour? Everything's going to kick off in an hour?


I can't wait to hear it.


That's my whole fighting fucking thing is I have a fucking bear. That's the whole point of the class that I took. I keep the bear.


Oh! (fssh)


If it will help tomorrow or today-- what time is it? It's the middle of the night, isn't it?


One-one thousand, two-one thousand, three-one thousand. Is it getting closer?


Roll for initiative.


No. What we need to do is put another disguise on top of this one. (all laugh)


Aw, thanks, guys.


Oh, okay. Then I'll roll a d4. One, two-- oh wait, it's just three. It was a fucking four. Two! Okay, Keyleth.


I've only got basic stats here.


This is-- oh man, one imp is going to kill us all. One fucking imp.


Oh, whispers.


Yeah, it's not a news show.


Like, you walk through walls?


Those are pretty good. The first hit, sorry, I don't know my... I'm trying to find what I add here. Okay. So the first one is going to be 25 to hit.


I think we're trying.


Or just melted sand.


Molly, I want you to get right on the edge of the hole and keep an eye down the shaft.


Oh, natural 20 and a 16, plus perception-- The lowest roll was a 19.


He was a little dirty.


We did, but it sounds like he has been....


Okay. That's fine. All right, so a bunch of d8s.


Like make it a parachute?


Remember when we lost 500 platinum at the bottom of the Bag of Holding last campaign for months? That was funny.


You're sure?


Is this not ringing a bell for any of y'all's? Snake people, temples, the naga. We already fought them. Done this once before. Think that's where we got the little sphere thing that went in Fjord's thing, had a little circle with like a pool in it and you could see shit?


Oh, god, which one was it?


We established that. We did.


Can I make a few Goodberries for him and feed him a few more Goodberries?


My passive perception? 13.


I'm going to start with Grog.


Other than just tinkering on a few plans that I have rolling around. I don't really have the equipment to build anything particularly interesting before we head out.


Oh wait, (whispers) 18, 19, 20, 23 (louder) 25.


Yeah. He'll spiral around, look for any other entrances. Oh jeez, it jumped on the box, cocked. Natural one.


Okay, so that would be-- I'm doing it at a level three, so that is 3d10.


What about being invisible? Can you cast spells while you're invisible?


Ooh, cedar!


Zeenoth!


I'm running with them to see what happened. There you are dear! Good god! There were those hooligans that were roughing us up earlier. Are you all right?


That's ostentatious.


Okay. Is there a window in the hallway? My question is, is the courtyard through those windows?


How high's the roof above the ground?


My charisma's fucked.


Yeah, I was going to ask if the two empire kids know about that position.


From my vantage point, I'm going to see if there's anybody in the courtyard, or if there's anything-- since I'm up there now.


I know how hard it is to lose someone very close to you. I'm sorry for your loss.


Yeah, I'm going to go kill this guy.


I'm going in there to investigate. You know what? I'll go invisible first, and then I'll creep in.


I want to hear you do that voice forever.


It's gonna be like a seven-hour trip-- or a seven-day trip.


She does! I thought that, too.


I admire his beard.


And Ank'Harel is a city within the continent.


Oh, cool. I like the cat just like blah.


I can hit again with my bonus, right? I'm still trying to figure this out.


What's it looking like, Scanlan?


That's good. We are from lots of places, after all.


Yes, please. That. Thanks. Thank you. 200 to you. Also, I know Gilmore is otherwise entertained. Can you try to identify something for me? Do you have that-- I mean, judging by the glint in your eye and beauty in your heart, I'm sure you have many skills I don't know about, but I'm wondering if you could identify this small, red vial with a floating something in it, that I procured quite some time ago! Do you remember that?


I personally can't wait until we roll new characters next show.


This is what's up!


Starboard? Port?


You want to try to jump around anyway?


Get out. It's okay.


Triple digits?


Medicine you say? That is a 13.


-- which is 2d8. Healing Word.


I'm getting up on the log so I can get a clean shot at her.


Yeah, don't we have two boom sticks?


Okay, my extra action.


But he gets advantage.


Great corner office, by the way. You have a window!


Or 30.


One would assume we have a tanner in Whitestone.


Oh, that's a natural one.


Yeah. Well, I used my second attack to reload. Now I'm on my-- Yeah.


I know it's late in the day, but I wouldn't mind going right away. Does anyone want to join me?


It's fine. You're just going to die.


So I can't get up on any of these boys?


I'm not doing anything else for this turn. That went poorly.


They fucking disappeared?


Wait, how old are you?


I don't know, it sounded like a cow, or like a manatee was at the table, I don't know.


Yes. But do we watch, see what they do with the sphere first?


And flat.


Is our cart in the city or is it outside the city?


That's wonderful. Oh no.


Wait! Ooh, weird.


Really stupid.


I don't know! (laughter)


Oh, the spell.


The Sluice Weave.


Welcome to Ren Faire.


Okay. Well, I'm just going to go for it, all right? I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt on the monster that just appeared.


I've got the gatestone.


Really glad you learned how to speak with animals.


Are you afraid they're not party people?


Ruined forever.


Is there any type of stone or rock or debris with the residual energy from the purple mists of the Far Realm?


I'd have to put it to the group of Vox Machina. Is that all right with you?


We worked it out at one point. We worked out the math at one point.


I don't know, but I love it.


Can I check him out? Is he considered an animal?


Yeah, no, so that was it.


Don't you get advantage?


(punch impact)


Oh, you get Uncanny Dodge again?


Natural? Oh.


Hey! We did that! That was us!


Maybe we could send your friend in the door at the bottom while we go in the top?


Poke again! (laughter)


In fact you and I--


We need to get closer up. We need to find this trap door, because it's suicide going in the front.


It's a ninth-level spell.


And who said I was going to do my face?


I like this plan. It's a good plan.


I'm going to smell it, first of all.


Okay. Can I climb a tree and do I see anything on the horizon in where we're going, like another tree clearing that looks like it might be up ahead?


Right, or growing a beard on it-- oh, that's already on my chin.


Ugh! It's a tiger!


Vax, Vex, don't argue, we'll get through this. I mean, I'm going to go back with you so--


You know it's down.


I made the earth remember him. Something will be here. I get back on the cart and leave them.


I'm walking!


It's okay, it's cool.


Okay. Fuck Vecna; we're not for Vecna. Yeah. I know! Change of heart. So we have two options, right? What were you saying, Scanlan?


Hey, I stole this ring from you!


There's actually three more guests still waiting in line.


I just had a bad night's sleep, that's all.


I'll be with you in just a minute.


(chokes) Okay.


Twin on each arm pulling.


Well that must be why Lady Kima came down here.


I beg to differ.


(protestant noise)


Could I ask you what your weapon of choice is?


I'm doing okay, too.


Vex! I can't get out of this closet.


I think that's a shopping list.


Okay. 11 plus four is 15. Okay.


All right, I'm going to... One, two, three, four, five, six. I'm going back behind him.


Two and a three?


Yeah, we want to both try and get him in the head.


(under his breath) Infertility.


Come on, buddy! Come on! Come on!


Yeah, we're pro-world here.


I've got a little iPad button on the back of my pen, it's quite nice.


Ugh, I'll get the stupid hospital bag.


Yeah, why not? There's one, two, three, four--


Sorry, Grog.


(whispering) I say we put her down--


Blessing of the Trickster! Advantage!


Nott, wait for me.


Into the fire? What?


I'll stay with the boat. As a shark.


Unavailable, yeah.


Oh man, he looks so cool.


The other night, when he was asleep.


Did you consider the title Day Dreaming?


A'ight.


Fallout 4!


Actually, I'm going to be using the Hat of Disguise just because it's probably safe. Does anybody want a Headband of Initiative?


I thought the nine meant that--


So, okay. If it's two and a half days' journey, and we're planning on doing this, then we would have to take Ogden and the gnomes and all things needed for this ritual, right?


She's kind of like a Tiffany.


It's pretty wicked-looking.


I'm going to try and move the bowl to match the engravings in the ceiling.


(singing) Breaking the law, breaking the law!


What were the two guards that keep coming to the tavern?


Reload, one more shot.


You want to go visit Craven Edge?


Oh my god. I'm going to stand watch in the opening of the alley. I'm going to make sure while he does this.


You should do that Arnold monologue from that documentary, (Schwarzenegger voice) "You know when I am with my-- I am coming. And then when I'm working out I am coming always."


Oh god. Is he making some sort of window that someone else could walk over?


What a wonderful smell you've discovered.


Yeah, all that's left now is Keyleth.


Oh the Soltryce?


I know, but I feel like he should've come back already.


Tiberius, I mean--


(singing) There's a stranger out to find you. What to do, just grab onto some--


Did you get the handwriting?


Cool. I'm going to go pop back up to the top floor, and use my bonus action to hide.


Okay, you're sitting in a room now with a whole bunch of people that want to hurt you. So it's obvious that you're lying. What do you know, or this guy and this guy are going to dragon and axe you.


It looks like a river, at the very least. Don't trust anything in the Feywild!


I'm going to spend a ki point to do Step of the Wind.


The sun has come out during the daytime?


I'm Vex.


(strained) Don't say 'pinched off' to me. (laughter)


Should we find a place to hide first?


Let's hear.


What kind of a check was it?


Do I have a clear shot? Without killing my friends?


Yasha's up next. Cool. 14 points of damage.


I'm sure a detour wouldn't hurt us.


Is it just beer?


Oh, you can keep up Vampiric Touch if you want.


I turn to Fjord and I go (gagging sound).


Oh that misses, 15.


We love you, Ashley, please come back next week.


It was, but I've got my spiral here.


We are very interested in being allies with you. Might we have your word that upon defeating this creature, we will be safe?


Could you get it?


Yeah. This bar, there's a lot more where that came from. All you can eat, yeah.


Oh. Oh, okay. All right. All right. I'm slow to catch on sometimes.


Aes? Now I'm talking to Aes.


What is the bonus for that hat?


Over.


I said 20 I meant 30.


I can disguise myself as well.


That's all we know is his name.


Second one is 14, and the third one is 27.


I take one of my daggers.


Break down the door.


Thanks for not leaving me on the street like a drunk.


Table right.


I think he wanted to try some mead, I wanted to try some mead, and then we wanted to buy some mead.


Wait, you need to be the lead character in your death-taunting? Is that what you're telling us?


And I yell ‘hold.’


Shit, we're supposed to learn from these people?


If she double dashes?


Ooh, yes. Oh, this is going to knock you out.


I'm tempted.


So we'll do the third one will be Great Weapon Master. This is disadvantage. Come on, where are the damn crits? 20.


I don't believe you're on vacation. Where are you going?


I'm assuming Shadycreek doesn't have high level priests and the Empire and churches and stuff like that. Doesn't sound like the type of place that has--


That's what it is. 24.


Oh my god! You almost died!


Such a bummer.


I can't believe how they wrote this.


Is it? Ooh.


Ooh, 18.


38. LAURA 35.


Against the wall.


Probably ours.


I plant a giant, fiery kiss on him, and my tail wraps around his head.


Yes. It's so good. It's a good movie.


You put yourself before others!


Can I hug everybody else?


Should I try it?


(laughing) You're terrible.


That's like the fifth time today and it's so good!


I will rip off another patch. I'm just using all my tricks.


As the leader, I enjoy being hospitable, and I agree with this small person.


He's sucking head.


You're going to the fancy place.


Are we far away? Hundreds of feet? Less?


What do I get at level seven?


It flashes.


And the hole in the roof. Could I get up it?


Oh, this is me writing this stuff down now?


It worked.


I don't have to do this on this show almost ever, but let's go, guys. Come on.


Dice jail already?


That's what we're going to do.


Jeez, Kima! Stop! This is hard already!


So Malcadale-- Malhadale was the one that sent you guys-- (cheering)


Well, Hotis is going to come for Pickle and I at some point, but we need to do a little more homework this time.


Will you make me look like Tary?


I am going to debate hard how dumb I'm about to be.


Did you babysit a lot as a kid, Caleb? Is this how you know so much?


So it's immune to Pike.


I burned a resolve. I've got to make sure that I can use the resolve.


Nobody hears the tale of the bearded king!


Don't do this to me. Don't do it.


And we didn't know until 48 hours ago? Tops?


I don't think any of us do.


That never is no guys.


I'm not saying no, I'm just saying remember that we are hired hands.


I'm at the top, so we can gently get her down. I could jump down with you.


I mean, that was awesome.


Oh look! He's farting!


Victor, are you in there?


What if it's Febron?


All right. I'll disguise myself using Disguise Self as an elderly gnomish woman, and I'll wander into the temple, I guess. Ahem, pardon me. All patrons, I have a request from the Holy Father himself that we vacate the premises. They have to refresh all the holy water-- that's good-- every 30 days, and wouldn't you know it? Today's that day! So out of the pool for a few minutes, and then when it's all refreshed, we'll come and you can come right back in. Just a break! Go and take a break.


He said my full name.


He's hung like a horse.


Do I have to find the highest animal in the woods?


Oh. Is it safe to rest?


Very, very unique.


In Sylvan, Caleb says, If it goes wrong, pup, you know, bamf out and in and maybe that'll buy you a little more time.


Have to have a conversation. Oh, fuck.


I'm sitting at 16.


Wow, that game felt like 20 hours.


For ten points of damage. And then I'll throw my Dagger of Venom at him, see what happens. Oh, the same hit, same amount. The last one hit. This one hits. That is three, six, nine. Plus, he has to make a saving throw against a DC 15 for poison.


Yeah, but we have to finish the job instantly.


Well, it's all actually around Westruun, right? Aren't your people around Westruun?


What? Yes?


The last time we came here, we came flying out of a tree on an angle.


I don't really remember my dreams all that well. They leave me quickly.


Well, you have--


If I start to turn against you. If you think for a moment that I am out of control. Please, please, do what is necessary. The moment that I turn on any of you, the moment that I even threaten any of you is a moment I am not in control. No matter what is happening.


Teach it to say your name!


You got a little something on your--


20 feet away? Two zero?


I also carved a little message inside that will not matter unless it actually becomes pertinent.


We can't take him with us.


Well, Jorge, why don't you show us the way out?


Necrome-- yes.


For that, 350 I think. I feel that I want you to know just how grateful we are. I'll put the extra 100 out of my personal bin.


Constitution saving throw. Goddamn it. 11.


I'll make another one when I get over there.


(cries out)


Oh no, he got up.


You're going to see a show, what could happen?


My brain isn't working. I was trying to think of a word for--


Thank you, this is new. Just went for this, it's going to slowly darken over time.


(sing to the tune of "Fly Like An Eagle")


Clam space.


I tap Nott on the shoulder--


But that's casting it twice.


I don't know what that means, but this will take a little while. Here, hold this. I hand a quill to her. Hold that. You can see the markings on this page. It's intricate, but you can do the first few strokes. It needs to look like that, it needs to go here. I guide her hand a little bit to make sure that it doesn't smudge too much. It's still workable. Good. Now I will fill in the details. I spend the next-- they are probably gone for 15 minutes-- putting down the glyphs and the markings.


Oh, dear.


Yep, fire. Caleb, how you doing?


Huh? How much was that?


Zahra! Hi!


It looks good!


Not the one with the scatological problem.


(exhales) I come--


I'm going to chuck Whisper using a sharpshooter, but at advantage. 26.


Caleb, impressions?


But snow, not blasted with ice?


Okay. Just making sure.


I'm going to run over to you and put a healing--


Watch your mouth.


Oh, it's-- to the greataxe is seven when I'm raging.


I don't know-- which is why I am.


Vagina?


I mean, ultimately, on foot sucks for him right now.


No, it was halved to 20, so I'm 16.


Who's taking the first watch? All right.


And of course don't forget to tune in next week for our 50th episode.


We're going to the cabinet.


We got a name.


Singing, "This will be the day that I scry."


12 damage.


I pull two engineering books off the shelf and hide them.


I hope that wasn't one you notched with the owlbear feathers.


Okay. Come on, Jester. Any pluses?


Touches up your undercut.


Good name.


What the fuck can I do? Is there a saving throw?


I bet we could go back to the Chastity's Nook for that.


That's all right, take your time.


Can I pick up his big trident that has the cord attached to it? Is it wrapped around his wrist, or anything? Is that how he was pulling people?


That's what he got paid.


Yeah! There is a very interesting game coming out called The Witness at the end of this month. If any of you played Braid, which was an amazing platformer, but so much more than a platformer, it fucked with your head. That game was made by Jonathan Blow. Jonathan Blow is making another game called The Witness. I'm not going to tell you anything about it, but I'm voice directing, or I voice directed on it. This one, Ashley is in the game, and it was one of the most unique recording gigs I've ever had. I don't really know what I should say, but I think you guys are going to want to check it out.


What? It's not too late. Retcon that shit. You haven't rolled a thing.


It's not that we don't remember, we just don't care.


Oh great, hold on, I've got that pulled up right here, hold on.


I guess we'll take a quick look at north just to finish things off?


I'm going to really quickly mutter a few arcane words, then there is another Caleb blinking in front of me a little bit and behind me a little bit. It is hard to see me at the moment.


Can I borrow your flask, please?


I would remember exactly. I don't, but I do.


You know, we have a little bit more money now, maybe we could help Gustav out a little bit. The last good thing that we could do.


Is it black or is it dim?


No. His head is not where it needs to be.


Who are you, really?! (laughter)


(whimpers) Oh no.


A Heroes' Fucking Feast.


I must say, you look way better like this.


Don't look that up.


You're in a cavern. You can't have any dill.


Ten or higher.


Pike's family is our family, really.


All right, I'll keep being like, this seems like a path of least resistance. I'll glide through that for a bit.


Could you perhaps put him to sleep for the evening?


Raven Queen shit? Nothing?


Did we not?


Are the walls hot to the touch, since they're metal?


No! My big toe! Bah!


I can't drop the Seeming, can I?


I'll make 'em Reckless, though. All three.


Yeah. Wait, what's she look like? Did you say something?


Gilda? Wallace?


I'll go right there.


I'm going to be Keg.


Yeah, and killing all of his friends.


Okay. Letting you do this! Be thankful of what you have! 22 exactly.


Real serious.


Who did get attacked, out of curiosity? What happened to yours?


I'm going to start throwing as soon as I'm near my sister.


I am so weak.


That would be terrifying.


I can't move it at all?


You were in great in there!


They weren't within ten feet of me, were they?


I clap from however far away I am.


Is he already dying, or no? He’s in the lava?


No, that's a very dark and disturbing thought. I'm very impressed.


18 plus stuff.


Before we move, I am standing with two flickering Calebs next to me and all three of us look at Molly like Jim from The Office and they go away. (laughter)


I pick up the broom before we go invisible.


What name should we be looking for?


What was the bead thing?


May I have one of those?


I mean, I just feel like our-- certainly without Scanman-- our chances of fooling anybody are lower than they've ever been. So maybe having you as a tiefling escort gives a little credibility to the dummies there.


(tongue click) I kiss him on the forehead.


Oh, shit, I can't cast Modify Memory anyway, I've already cast two spells like that today.


Excellent. (laughter)


Just wanted to double check!


Can we put it in the bag?


Into a tree.


Shoot twice into the face of the asshole, Percy.


It could give way at any moment.


Matthew, behind the bear.


I stick it into my satchel for the time being.


I know. Had it worked.


Shit, okay.


You shat in the kitchen?


Well, let's all get to the point where it's not going to collapse on us.


A light stone?


I'll take just barely today.


No you're Kiri.


That's what I was worried about.


No talking.


Scarring children for life.


Keyleth! Are you all right?


I keep doing that.


Wow, yeah?


It's like a piece of pre-packaged Ikea furniture.


Shit. Shit, we just sent Allura away. Fuck. Balls.


But we're right at that cutoff point.


This is the stupidest thing ever.


I would like to move to flank his right side.


Laura, attack!


You've got to Lethal Weapon that shit.


You still have Silence?


Yeah, we should leave them some water.


Shake it out of the corners of the giant flask.


Help me, help me now, save my life. We have to go in! Here we go!


And green. Why so different? Can we touch the outside of it?


No. Nott, I have Mending.


It's like a walkie-talkie.


I poke my head out. Do I see Fjord?


I'm picturing Jeremy Irons in a wizard robe.


We need Fassbender.


We're immune to poison?


Wait, what did you say? I wasn't listening.


