Just tell them to--


It's a Charlie Brown Thanksgiving.


There's four more for you.


You rolled a one, Keyleth?


That ornamental dagger?


Pike would be super fun to play, too, because clerics are crazy.


Just nod and smile.


I was given something from Will Friedle.


As we're getting up, can I see-- Is the camp nearby, where the prisoners are? Is that anywhere near us?


You could move out of it.


She's the one who made the flood?


Enter Sam Riegel, a strapping traveling salesman from the big city, played by Laura.


Just to find him? And bring him back?


And then they got frozen.


Another honey heist! More bears are back in town.


Oh, you didn't check for traps.


Can I say one thing right now?


Yasha, don't hold back.


Oh, I killed him, didn't I? No, he's not dead, damn it.


Oh, go ahead, okay, that's fine. I'll just work on your robot by myself, then. 21.


Ask him.


Also, Pike too, right? Didn't she have an advantage thing?


Vax, you let two dogs loose in our room and they shit and pissed all over everything, and our bed is ruined. They were fucking in our bed!


I won't have an action.


Come on. Yes, they want them.


He almost said it back.


He could have.


My god, the sea. [laughter]


The guy that's been talking.


Right. Has he seen a suit of armor--


So that's an 11 for the second d12.


Yeah...


It seems like it's just closed.


It's a shame Kit's very busy, or else we could get summer clothes.


Manners. (click)


We're still in heaven right now?


Mention where they were going?


What's a chunnel?


In life and in-- Yeah, always.


The veils are covered in flour. (laughter)


Yeah, you'll do fine.


Another ally.


Fuckin' shit bitch.


I'm gonna grow gills and fins.


Oh, I'm sorry. So it's Eldritch Blast, it gets plus 11.


Motherfucker! Motherfucker!


I can kind of agree with that. Cheers to bullshit.


Trinket's going to be so useful against a tornado.


How far are they sticking out from the stone walls?


Yeah, but I feel that also the DM makes all the difference in the world. Find a good DM. Which, there isn't anyone as good as Matt.


-- because I can keep turning us into these.


As everybody is doing this, I'm going to-- why are you blocking me, I'm not supposed to be this close to this thing! Keep going.


I run over and I knock Vax out of the way and I pick up Pike and give her a big hug.


An additional three damage! I should have done this forever ago.


What?! You buried the lede there, Caleb! (laughter)


At least 600 feet tall. What did you say?


Some did. I'm here.


I'd like to think the party is legitimately this excited.


You look different.


You should detect traps.


It's inspiration.


It's called Princes of the Universe.


If we happen to bring him in even if we weren't under contract--


That's right. Oh, that merchant might be here still. We have so many things to catch up on.


It looks like how we put the stuff over the cart.


Okay. I'm going to tell Trinket to get out of the Wind Wall.


That's another 30 points of damage.


If my friend the dragon is against it, do I get sneak attack?


It's probably not on land, yeah.


Perhaps we should not have... assumed.


What is that beautiful fragrance you're wearing?


Oof.


What? What's going on?


You've got fucking Mad-Eye Moody's eye where it's on me the whole time and the other one's doing its own thing.


Not successfully. Not since I briefly found him and then I lost him. But I always have people looking.


Hex is still maintained on that bastard, right?


I'm going to Hunter's Mark whatever one looks the biggest.


I just bask in what little rays I can for ten, 15 minutes before retiring.


-- short distance is 20 feet.


Yeah! Come on, Piggly Wiggly!


-- summon the falchion and take a swing at it.


How close do we have to be to the ocean while we walk alongside it?


In person, they look about ten times more vibrant -


Garmelie! Why didn't you warn us that could happen?


Wow, she can become far-sighted earth elementals. (laughter)


Who's got good eyes and knows about clouds and shit?


Let him be a hardass.


Anything else worth checking?


We did it! (all cheer)


Oh no. We could hit Beau.


I'll keep your boy safe, that's okay.


Do you know where the vault is?


So it was a two.


Shakäste was fucking loaded!


He's made his choice.


Me and Fjord spent a lot of time together in this cell.


I spiffed up my clothing again, as well.


Well, only after I left here.


Who knows. Maybe Fjord could swim down there if we could get this gate open, but.


We do have basilisk eggs in the bag of holding.


We take him inside.


Dexterity saving throw.


What about win the affections of?


Put it in there!


Square!


100 gold pieces?


Oh. Sorry. 15, halved. Plus Hunter's Mark damage on the--


I'm not entirely sure. I mean, they didn't react-- Did they react strangely to you when we came into the bar?


All right, I'm in.


At least I got him out of the lava.


Oh my god. I'm not prepared for this!


To the end.


I would hit the city where all the refugees are going. Because it would hurt more. I would not hit the city that's going to take 200 years to be a shadow of its former self.


You said 20 feet behind us?


Does there seem to be any mechanism for turning it off or otherwise?


I like "control the currents." I don't know.


Okay, shit. (laughs) How many are in my line of sight?


No, no, no, yeah.


Of course! (giggles)


By the way, Beau, thank you for the other day.


Yeah. Talk to Lawmaster Norda.


Right, because it's fucking shitty terrain.


I'll fly at that.


Giveaway!


Thank you for the double 20.


I'll investigate.


Make an intelligence check! Make him make an intelligence check!


What did we do to deserve that?


It was a 6th-level spell.


Maybe? Okay?


Okay. Okay. What do I add to that?


26 minus five is 21.


Darkest timeline Critical Role. Critical Role darkest timeline.


Don't want to hurt him.


I won't hurt her, I promise.


And Scanlan was trying to get the final blow, and he rolled a one.


Wait, Keyleth will?


Was that a fart?


Okay. He can grant a wish, he says? Lying, truth? What do you think?


Let's find Captain Damon and get back on the ship.


I'll go with Vax.


Yeah, me and Pike will ride Trinket.


He runs, he runs smack-dab into my wall. My arcane--


We've got a bomb.


Wait. I'll use my last Luck of the day on him, and he has to reroll.


(as Jester) Okay, I'm starting at the top again.


Sure. All right. I will cast Seeming on us.


Suddenly, there are three me's around myself.


Oh my god, what if we fail these rolls?


And those symbols. The necklaces. Druids, we use similar things when we plane shift to other worlds.


Currently five--


It's probably the periscope. You're right.


I'm all ears.


For the love of God and all that is holy.


Oh, okay. I'm going to cast Lightning Arrow on the guy in the middle, 'cause everything within ten feet is hit. Oh, you know what? I was using those little blocks as feet marks-- is that?


Thank you very much, I appreciate all of your help, you've been wonderful, okay, bye.


He has an octopus.


I'm gonna be heading in that direction anyway.


Nice job. He's going to fucking leave again. Good job.


I forgot that part.


And I'm very impressed. You're going to have to draw everything. You're going to have to draw everything. It's very important.


Wait, I think I had a plus one somewhere.


No, it's totally doable.


You missed all the fun.


Okay, so it's clear. Next ritual spell that I will cast, I will gather the other items, except for the dodecahedron.


It's chance.


Soul-money.


Okay, I'm going to keep trying to pull whatever that is.


So do we have a straight piece of missing time? Are we still waiting to go to the Feywild?


I know this city's, like, being rebuilt and everything--


I'm in my black hood. I've got my hood up now.


What? I mean, we don’t know what Fjord and the grumpy one have discovered. Maybe we should go upstairs and reconnoiter with them and then come down here, when it’s time for beddy-bye.


I think so!


Eight-hour drive? Okay.


I'm just like  What's wrong?


Conserve the reef you guys, be responsible divers.


That's right. Crownsguard, rough-looking types, people that are armed, right? You keep a fucking swivel.


We don't mind if you're disreputable, we just would like to know if you're our kind of disreputable.


DPTB?!


Yeah, we need to know, wait. Does he know anything else? Is there another camp, is there anything?


Wait, did you get the little goblin back there?


Whoever has devised these contraptions and created this safety for you is a genius. I'm not saying you're necessarily--


And this is all she sent?


We might be there for days and days.


It's fine. Yes, you can, Scanlan.


Should we go check that glowing entity out?


We could fill the city with water. Drown all the zombies.


It certainly does. "Vex, would you finish that bastard off?"


What's this? What's going on?


Hey, Caleb!


The horse is? There's no person around?


And I feel like we're going to run into traps if we try to find it from this way. Maybe find it from the outside and just collapse it.


(quickly) We don't know anything about that. We had nothing to do with it.


I'm pretty sure the only monster here is you.


12. That's better. 22.


Because we're very charming.


I have no coin, willing to offer many gifts.


Ziggurat.


I like Jamedi.


No, you are very different it's very clear.


Cool. I am going to biggity-buck the fat out! (all laugh)


The magic of the goth makeover strikes again! (cackles)


He is not on bass. Lucas is able to play all songs on Expert on guitar, I think you guys are gonna have your work cut out for you. For sure.


I'm no longer thinking about the game. Well done. Yeah, not even thinking a little bit about the game.


Invoke Duplicity.


Same. I just thought I wanted to take a little piece with me, but I already have that. I didn't know what it was.


I don't know. Matt, do I count that or not?


She did tell us.


It'll be up on the website.


Get them ninja stars out.


So we already know what two of these are.


No, everything's fine! We're good! So, if I stand up, that takes half my turn?


And I say, "Get inside now."


Oh, but deception's a minus three, so.


And a bear. Is there room for a bear?


And it is considered grappled. Okay. Plan A, cross it off the list. (laughter)


Ahhh!


Yeah, I mean, we've got some good momentum right now, right? What could possibly happen?


Yeah, so we have actually two Time Travel Marts here in Los Angeles. We've got the one here that we're in Echo Park, and we have one in Mar Vista, which is from the 1890s-- this one's the 1980s Time Travel Mart. San Francisco has a pirate store, New York has a superhero supply store, they sell robot supplies in Michigan.


She talks about them a lot.


The Many, the Many, yes.


You're the idea man.


The opposite of that.


She's Pike!


Real talk, the winner here tonight is me.


So, in a way, we won!


Can I back up towards, or even get this-- I’m just going to stay where I am.


I don't think it does.


Knees to chest?


I do have a dagger.


I'll stay in there, then. I couldn't see where I was. Yeah, I'll stay close.


I'm not a warlock! First attack, still with advantage, right?


We'll just assume it covers that, right? Yeah.


Around the area that the treasure is going to be.


No scratches in the walls or any pouches or compartments on the floor around this little space?


You are going to help Beauregard here up onto the wall, quietly, after you use your--


That's your call.


(whispers) Can I insight check her?


And last, but not least, last Thursday while we were here, looking at dead versions of ourselves hanging from a tree, Super Power Beat Down won a Geekie!


Can I make a reckless attack against him?


(yelling) Yep!


Just add B&E to the list.


No. Draconia's across the Atlantic Ocean in France.


Well, Trinket's healed, and he's going to come with me.


Don't be sad about it, if you don't want to, I'm not going to make you.


(stuttering) Oh jeez. Fire Storm. Yeah, no. d10.


Fuck! Fuck. Fine. It's fine.


That's a lot of gold, isn't it. I don't know, here you go!


I grasp his giant fucking forearm and lean out with the dagger, and how far can I see with this dim light?


I do the same. I also put flowers in my hair sometimes.


Well, we're about to, I think.


Sure, we get some water jugs.


Then let's get out of here. Why don't we go to the island and see if we can make camp?


Pull her up and throw her down?


Yeah. I guess. It just happens. I don't know.


I'm afraid you are going to eat my weasel.


And now you have as well.


Okay. I'll grab that thumb instead. (laughter)


That went well, I think.


And that blood was far away from our camp. Maybe they were just triggered by a sound that they heard, and they went to go investigate it.


So does it look pretty jerry-rigged?


What if these are numbers and the order you have to push the buttons?


Hey, he's Scrotus!


Minor detail  in Caleb's deciphering of all the fragments, was there any sense that there was any kind of romantic relationship between Avantika and Vandren? Or it's unclear?


Oh. Caduceus?


Gross. Were you the one burping earlier, too?


Is the Platinum Dragon one of those?


I learned it from you, Percy!


No depression, no toggle?


Wow, I thought I had you figured out. Never mind. All right.


Cousin.


I'm going to try to pull a Nila and fucking rip that shit open with my bare hands. We will see! Come on, baby. No whammies.


Because I'm really fucking strong. (laughter)


I can speak to dead, if you'd like to talk with her.


I'll stay down with Trinket.


Should we--


Can I stand up yet? Am I still tied up?


Sorry, Taliesin.


Hold on a second, that's unfair.


Matt, do they have matching Huey, Dewey, and Louie themed bed sheets? (laughter)


One down, how many left? How many are there left?


I have no spell left to help.


That's so far away.


It seems like a slim thread of hope, but perhaps the underlings are not entirely satisfied with this arrangement? Just scooped one up.


It's like how calling 911 is illegal. You don't do that. You don't do that..


I will go to where he is on the boat and-- (knocking).


I don't know what's going to happen.


I do two, right?


(exaggerated American accent) I know, right?


Look at all these friends we're making here. This is a good city.


Be high! Okay! 12 damage?


Why don't you heal? (pigeon coos) Heal.


Can I use my bonus action to dash away?


Can you throw something across the room to make a noise?


Ellie, whoever made the jewelry, to tweet at us and let us know her Etsy store.


I'm going to scoot around and fire a crossbow at it.


Awesome!


Do you have to roll with advantage?


Hop check.


Maybe not that, but quite frankly, those people are reckless, telling you what they told you.


Ja. (groans)


What is this? Why do--?


But we're accepting of all races. At least, the Air and the Earth Ashari are.


If you were to be agreeable to helping us move this along, I would remember the favor. Whitestone would remember the favor.


Damn.


Wisdom, where are we-- 16.


She's awesome!


Here's our options.


"Birkenstalks?" I like it.


I'm hiding behind Trinket.


Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.


We leave the shield. It's not a magical shield, it's not special.


You did succeed three times.


I do an interpretive dance.


(gutturally) Node.


Absorbed. Yep.


No, we just saw a hump, right?


Hey, good job, guys.


First we’ve got to take care of the guys on the roof. Are they back with us, or are they still stealthing in front?


Have you?


Okay. Around his waist.


Yes. Yes yes yes yes yes.


Nah, I didn't think it would be. That's not bad; that's 14 points of damage.


Awesome. 18 on the first one.


I have a lot of winter cloaks already in my--


That's funny, I've actually heard that name before, Halas. We saw some of his belongings. Before you devour me like a tiny little shrimp, would you mind a small request in letting me know who that person was?


Did you learn all of the language?


Let's do this. Everyone dies. Everybody. Let's light it up.


Yeah. Five plus my monk level plus dex, right?


Now you have our attention.


The one who possessed you!


We are learning way too much about everyone.


Halved. So half of three is one and a half, and we're rounding up?


I'm going to watch you do it.


It's not a loser! It's really cool.


I think we should be able to, yeah. I mean, a little guidance goes a long way. You seem to be good at looking out for Nott.


(French accent) Yes, but you don't seem to know where they come from, who they belonged to before. It's a risk that is possibly worth 3,000 gold.


Just seeing what they have available, and what's being rented right now.


How much older was he than you?


Wow, that was amazing. Mary and Felicia are so good.


You've got to go outside first.


So we have this ship now, but I just wanted to say: Hi, welcome to the crew! You know, we're The Mighty Nein! All your friends are gone right now, but it's because you attacked us first, really.


You killed him before?


(mispronouncing) Worst fucking timing! Internet has gone! Timing! Worst fucking timing!


How did he get in here?


I cannot protect against that. I have no Counterspell that reaches him. Right?


I'm writing the letter up. I've basically gotten it together. I've explained the situation briefly. I assume they're aware of the war and the current reality.


Technically, yeah. And then I shape back to Keyleth.


16 plus nine? Oh, it's 25.


Inspired by my brother!


Super disadvantage. Is that in the book?


Little meat sticks, it's not a problem.


Of how much better I could have been. Thank you. I will try to be better.


Pike, get out of there!


I can do this. But I need some backup. Maybe Vax could come and he could wear red. And he could be the guy who--


It's fine, it's fine. Six damage.


Caleb, he's talking to you!


Trinket, run!


Oh, good point.


I rolled the fudge.


I want to get as close as I can, right on the 30-foot radius.


We dropped it?


Hoda, hoda, hoda, hoda.


What's in there?


Hmm. I wonder why.


The giveaway includes a signed player's handbook by all your wonderful hosts, as well as the hosts that will be here next week, and a signed copy of Felicia Day's new book.


She used to work for them.


I pop Scanlan on the broom and we fly on over.


No, I did, guys.


This is hard, being outside.


By the way, can I just say, that's my girlfriend who just did that. (laughter)


I'm sorry. I'm just a little confused. If the whole family died of disease, weren't you afraid to go into this town, into this castle? Weren't you afraid of contracting this disease yourself?


I do not know what that is, but I like it. And I heard you use the word "fuck" again.


Okay, I come back a second time after setting up the fireworks. Now the next time--


Say water to the endless jug.


Sure, that sounds like a good idea.


Oh, that is smart.


40 minus three is 37, This one's got 37 hit points of damage.


Yeah, they're an incredibly generous group, and we've had volunteer orientations a few times a month, and there's always a good ten folks who show up, and when we ask them, "How did you hear about us?" they talk about your show, and it's been a huge help to us.


Remember our swimming lesson?


Seeing how terrible everything is around me I stick a quivering hand into my pocket and pull out a little copper wire. I learned how to do this from Nott. I cup it in my hands, and I cast Message to the thing. I'm going to text you what I'm-- only it can hear me and I'm sending it to you.


Ah, it was a long night. What are you guys talking about?


You know that's partially true, but not all true. Come on, give it a shot.


I'm wondering if it's a symptom of something.


Of the Third House of Whitestone.


I goose Grog a little bit from underneath.


Do their powers work with reflection?


It's weird.


Nurture check? Nature versus nurture check? 14?


Just kidding, I was watching.


Towards the narrower hallway.


Oh, put it on him brother!


Yeah, are you sure the poop is the one?


I reach out really slowly and give her a handkerchief. (all laugh)


Ooh, that's neat.


Yeah. After you die, do you stand by her side?


Serpentine!


Going to go back to that cabin and take a short rest for a minute.


Yeah. (Southern accent) And I'm going to hold my action until I can see one of those things.


I'll roll for the--


Well, if you wouldn't mind, this is one of our compatriots. This is Yasha. New to your establishment.


Aw, thanks, babe.


Oh man, I'm going to get rocked.


That first one probably does not succeed. It is a 16.


Two. Minus two.


God damn it-- the chain devils. All right.


You made a decision and I felt it was the right thing to do.


Very, very, very special.


Oh, he's got to have a--


Yeah, I remember.


I'm opening the door to her room and leading her in.


Okay. That's okay.


We took all that time to learn how to sail the damn thing.


With Trinket!


There's one standing behind you right now.


Ginger, yeah.


So he rolled way better than me because I rolled a ten.


Leaky Tap?


I mean, the sphinx did say that the bow is the heart of a cancerous tree, I think if we're expecting to not find the tree, we're stupid.


Yeah. What are we going to do with that money when we're dead? Nothing.


Welcome, my friends, in this room and online, to Critical Role Live at Gen Con 2018! [cheering]


She's so brutal!


Oh no! I thought I was helping.


Oh man, here comes my extra one hit point.


She has something that makes her less clanky-like.


I'm staring hard to make sure it's not going to fight this.


It can't get in.


Insects?


I'm going to walk up to the corner. I've still got Scanlan on my shoulders. I'm going to invert my hands and grab him and turn him upside down. Hey, you know I'm teasing, but you're an amazing man. You are a hero.


No, I wasn't.


That's shit. Six.


I didn't like his demeanor.


Well it's not really an announcement, I'm just a willing accomplice with one of my favorite artist buddies. Sedona Parnham has sent something she has made specifically for Sam Riegel.


I feel better. I feel more like myself. (coughs)


I could probably convince them to destroy it themselves.


Reckless, great, everything.


But you have that.


See, that's too many options, when you can appear to look like anything! I need to focus! If I get lost in thinking, "What nose should I have? Bulbous, pointy, or patrician nose?" That could take hours to decide!


Natural 20. And I will do mouth-to-mouth.


There was a moment I thought about shooting someone. Well, if it comes to it, it's something I've had in my back pocket as killing two birds with one stone.


Also, it would be nice to find shelter for those of us who are not titled.


Weirdly, I'm doing the same thing upstairs. (laughter)


I want to tinker for the evening as well.


Fuck! I don't know what you people can do! (laughter)


That's not good for me, guys.


I explain exactly what it looked like.


It's in a safe place.


So I approach and I'm going to do the animal instinct thing and poof up and make myself a little big.


Oh my god, that's amazing.


It's better. It's 13.


I want to cast Mirror Image on myself in front of... her. What's her name?


Mm, we're going to bring you so many scales. You just wait.


8d4 plus eight?


Loot Crate. Check out Loot Crate.


We need to decide on a destination, whether we turn around and-- Were we in the Open Quay or were we in the Wayfarer's...?


16 errands.


Okay, I run up the dais, land on the brain. I'm on my way, but before I go, I'm going to kiss you goodbye. Dagger, dagger, dagger. Stabbing into the brain before I leap onto the carpet. So here I go. First one-- misses. Second one is a 25.


Oh, I can cast Cure Wounds on myself.


Acrobatic.


Oh yes, don't worry, we're staying at the Pillow Trove, but we have this very beautiful writ.


Me too! While I'm talking to her and hopefully when I point at the ship-- Does she look where I point?


Geez, we're terrible at this game.


Okay, I'll summon the magnificent mansion door, and I'll say to the slaves: (French accent) All right, it was worth a try, but we must pack it in.


Nice. Am I hitting them? Yeah, Okay. Reckless, great weapon master. 31 for the first one.


It's done and done, it's already happened.


She doesn't see the other side of it.


I'm afraid if we engage, it could draw attention to an entire slew of what could be around.


Maybe around the campfire!


New plan  mimosas.


I dunno where--


No, I said I do this. I cast Speak with Animals.


Or I can hang that big brass pot on its head.


I didn't call my mom enough.


This is a good time to note our charity, 826LA.


Thank you very much, kind sir! I walk grandiosely up to the woman. Hello. I have a package that's being delivered to here.


Oh, thank you, Keyleth.


Two weeks from now.


(sighs) Maybe a year. I was fuzzy at first; I wasn't really me anymore. I was a fisherman for a while. I didn't do anything. This was something to do with myself; this was something to work towards.


The tarot cards!


Keek, you could probably melt your way in there in 24 hours.


Emotionally.


I've had a terrible day. Some disgusting derelict has vomited all over me, I smell like filth, and I would like to spend a couple of hours in your finest bath. Maybe not your finest. A good bath, for a couple of hours. My daughter and I. I will need adjoining baths, if you have that. For modesty's sake, my daughter and I.


(joins singing)


d8 for the monk as well. A four. Right down the middle.


Hey, Louis! Fuck you!


Did you go first, and then I went after you?


I put my hands and feet out in an akimbo pose.


So can I go up to him and slit his throat with my mace of disruption? To make sure he's dead?


Just after noon? You didn't get an hour?


And turn to the next chapter in my book.


Hey, check out those Critical Role shirts on Geekandsundry.com. They sure are lovely.


Out loud, do you do this?


Yay! That's a 22!


Okay. (laughter)


I cannot be a wyvern.


More sick and less things breaking. I'd rather her be sick than angry.


Yes, but we put evidence in his house. So if he noticed that the rug was missing--


You hadn't done anything.


They got like cookies and a little coffee thing.


I think it looks good on you, Grog.


You and your fucking lodestones!


Don't forget, you can go in the mansion. Pop in the mansion to heal.


It's 11.


The Captain. The Captain was the person who stole it? No. What?


Think how effective an animal companion was when you were a ranger, and now you have none of those skills.


So much! (laughter)


Let's get this door open.


You're going to-- (shouting) You're going to stay in the alley while we go inside?


Or behind the goliath.


That's a weapon.


No Holds Bard. That's good.


Good day to you, Puck. Good day.


Did you love him?


Yeah she is, don't trust that bitch.


Is there something different?


(confused hooting)


Waiting very anxiously for my life partner.


These guys are dumb.


In this campaign.


She is the grumpy one! Pencil in the DM's neck!


(laughing) 20 by six?


It's stone, though, right?


We can store it there.


That's a necklace.


When do you plan on leaving?


I just want to get close.


That’s added?


But look, I was thinking. It might be a thing when we find them, right? So picture this. Me, and then a lot of other me's, and they're all really big and angry. So if we want to do anything else before that happens--


Okay. If I aim an arrow, it's at disadvantage?


Look at our signatures in the snow, that's fucking beautiful!


Is there anything fun in the guts?


And you get ten percent off.


Sure, of course.


Is it a sports mascot? It's a sports mascot.


Tinker's?


Wow, well done.


That's awful. I can't even-- that's eight.


The vine that was holding her was the one that Caleb exploded.


I want to get close to it on my broom and look at it.


I go and check the little boy. How bad is he? Is he beyond the point of return?


Beacon of Hope gives you advantage on wisdom saving throws.


Well, shove your head out the door.


There is Big League Chew on the floor.


There's that whole thing about them which I kind of knew going into this. Sorry. Bye!


Musel.


Yeah, but everything's been pouring out but there's still something in the bottom of it.


Back to Emon.


Yeah, I feel like we camped out right before we went into the Moonbrush.


Oh, fuck that.


Yeah, we're going to take this guy to a field and kick his ass, or what are we going to do?


Okay?


But you said--


(laughs) Von Muselix.


That brings me down to 49 hit points, so that's fun. Wow, that’ll be a lot of fun. That's thrilling. There's a door over there. Do you want to sneak over and see?


You didn't get through?


Not any danger in the chamber, but it looks like there's more to this room.


I'll just take a little sip, in case we have to do the Hour of Power later.


All right. Instead of sleeping this time, I would like him to just get sick. Be sick. I want him to be sick now.


Vax! Whisper!


I'm a little concerned that we've been gone for a while.


Yeah, why would you get wrapped up in that? Yeah, let's go grab a drink.


Is this blood on the-- yep--


Can he yank Vax?


Wisdom and death saving throws.


We would, Gilmore, we would be wearing that. Again, we nearly died. The armor that you gave me is gone, and I’m lucky to be alive today, and that armor helped me be where I am at the moment.


He always has had one since he was a boy.


I will forego the rest of my turn.


Why me?! I didn't do anything to you.


I don't know if that holds up in court, Vesh.


I know that we're heading-- once I feel like, or maybe I should hit it again--


Are we fucked?


21 points of Eldritch Blast.


I keep a distance.


Come on. Come on. You're still blessed yeah?


Don't fuck with me.


I haven't been here, but I wander in eating some chicken with no pants. (laughter)


Okay. Still 17 plus six.


I would feel better about that, but probably not.


Balls, fuck, shit. Ten.


You can spy on anything, I imagine. I mean, it's magic, right?


They want it to be really dark. I'm also thinking about that cemetery.


Us, too.


Oh, well. You know how some people learn magic from books and some people get magic from gods and stuff, right?


He's going to tell you; you've got to roll to see what happens.


Muscle.


We're getting the fuck out of here.


I suppose we could. Lighthouse and the Wharfmaster?


Thank god. All right.


It would help if you stayed around.


Do I still-- no, it wore off, right? I don't have advantage.


We've got to get arrested.


Oh right. I'm Lord Briarwood.


I kind of want to experiment. Would you mind losing one of the necklaces, or no?


We've got a dragonborn paladin. We're fine.


We're up already?


Here. Tie it around.


Greyskull.


Because my globules are gone.


I mean, obviously, it was just a little appetizer, the first one.


Yeah, the guy playing the piano.


I slip inside as well.


Do I have something on me? Would I have a glass bead?


Thanks, Sam.


See? He responds when you talk sternly.


No, me! We already went through this.


Plus nine, plus nine.


Bottle service?


And those viewers have to pay extra to get that, don't they?


I have a-- Never mind, I'll tell you tomorrow.


Lady's Chambers, anyone?


I would learn your ways. I will learn your purpose. And I will serve.


As far as we know.


Nice. Well, show me how it's done.


I look for a bigger goliath than the rest, or one that looks older and bigger.


(Grog voice) Would like--


Okay, no. I'm going to try and do some KGB-level shit. I'm going to do a quick kidney punch and try and go for the temple.


I'm going to say that's my help. That's me helping.


But if I use my movement could I shove and go like a foot towards the outside, half a foot or anything?


Three-armed shirts are coming in 2016.


I don't know Dispel Magic.


Fenthras? Is that what it was-- no.


Keep it within a few months, for the love of--


That's the first time I've ever seen Vex pay full price for anything.


I've been to those harbors before. Many times.


Damn, I was almost Neo, just dodging all sorts of shit.


I can see it in your eyes. You think this is it.


Yeah, I'm distracted.


Goes in the drink.


No, I just saw a window and a door. Right?


I might hear spiders.


Damage control?


Three point landing. Hi, guys.


I'm not sure we will. But yeah, keep working. Good night. Thank you, Pike.


May I also dump some poison?


That soldier hasn't attacked yet, either.


Yeah, I'm not bad. I'm not one of the bad guys... That you were definitely talking about. That I'm aware of, right? What bad guys are you talking about?


Did we also destroy the mine?


I am too.


Do I have an advantage to hit if my gun is in its mouth? (all laugh)


It's so Keyleth, yeah. Oh shit.


Jeff Lewis. We announced it on Tuesday on Talks. Yeah, Jeff Lewis, still Jeff.


Rolled stealth?


At like the gym and you need some alcohol, after that.


What's going to happen?


Good god!


All right, Grog. Let's go.


I will gladly make this trade with you. You have convinced me.


Do we have any known whereabouts on the white or the green dragon?


Do you not have bees in Xhorhas?


Yeah, probably. I look out and I say, "Oh, Pike, you’re in your birthday suit! Are you all right?"


I'm with Pike.


Yeah, right? That's where we have to go.


Already doing it while she's--


That does hit. I'll use Uncanny Dodge, though.


You're the worst.


We went on an intimidation mission, and I was his pet tiger Minxie.


You can talk at a normal volume.


That's fuckin' sick.


Grung.


People wrote on Twitter


(whimpers) This is the second time I rolled a one on my stealth check.


Hunter's Mark, 90 feet.


Oh, he let us do it!


I'm supremely uncomfortable.


That's right! Then we can all be a team.


Well, I mean, is Orly giving the vibe that he is enjoying the company or giving the vibe that he now wants to enjoy his drink in peace?


Yeah, so, the group is us plus Avantika and--


I am actually over here, though.


Part of the Slow spell is that, regardless of the creature's abilities or magic items it can't make more than one melee or ranged attack during its turn. It's lost all its head attacks. It gets one attack.


As soon as those two start talking about that, I get out of the water and start attuning the Deathwalker's Ward to lightning.


Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm boring. I bore you now.


I think I got a button around here somewhere.


Wait, wait, did it work? Are your gauntlets better or whatever you're trying to do?


These people were in a shit situation, while I don't blame us entirely for this because of where they live now, we must not do anything we're doing lightly. There are many lives at stake, not just Reginald's. Let's just not flit about, here, let's take this seriously, please.


(singing) You need to eat some fruit.


We don't have the troll dick anymore. That's gone.


I know I did. Just imagine what we'll do to the rest of them.


Ooh. 11 points this time.


We hear you utter our description to anyone, and you will never see anything again.


Better? Better!


Well, is Ulog still sitting at the other table?


Yes. But there is no hometown. We travel around a lot, we have an area of operation, but never really called one place home.


Can I make a stop first, and then I'll run an errand?


I'm last.


I will say the only thing that I can think of that I would want, not even necessarily addend to this contract, if we are going to do this to you; I'm looking to stay on the down low in general. If we can agree, even my presence in this city necessarily is, as far as it's concerned, is none of anybody's concern outside this bar. I would be forever grateful.


I keep a perception out to see anything.


Chuck E. Cheese.


I will. I'll just be a little late.


It's a little more nebulous than that, Grog.


Do you remember how long it took us to get from Port Damali to the border into--


Yes. You can release a creature by a bonus action. Target restrained by the rope can use an action-- I'm trying to scan it.


Oh, okay. Let me know, you guys, because I've got lots of healing! Because I'm the cleric.


Do you want my not-cat to go look first?


But nobody in here now?


(squeaky) There's a Critical Role logo on the back. (laughter)


Yeah. You know about that, Percy?


Yeah, just shield me, like we're changing at the beach.


Let's not talk about the guns.


All right, well, how about this? Vax, Vex, grab a chain.


That only lasts for a while.


Holding my action until its action.


You have to cast it again!


He did it, and moments later four old dragons descended upon the city.


You are actually perceivable? But only to the things that can perceive.


Pour one for the landlord as well. He's letting us drink our wine in his room.


Oh, so it's not the safe house, it's another building, for sure?


(whisper) Oh my god.


Percival, he had a knife to your sister's throat. He was going to kill her.


Okay. I do the same thing. I soot my face up, too. Let's all make battle paint while she's scrying.


Yes? Yeah.


So it seems all of us can accept our part in this matter, except for you.


Shut your beautiful mouth!


You're going to hang out with us the whole night?


Oh yeah, give it to me, that's smart. [laughter]


I hate this music you're playing.


Where do you want it?


My hands light up.


You haven't seen us solve a crime yet, but--


I had bad dreams.


And of course, Arsequeef.


Oh, that wine looks really good.


I'm just slashing as I'm flying through the air.


Big tavern brawl!


LargoSensei keeps asking, what are your most cathartic voice acting experiences? I'm gonna guess for Ashley that's The Last of Us, since that's your fucking heart ripped out of your chest.


They're not winners, guys.


Yes, the other one, what did he look like?


Powerhouses together. Distance fighters keep their distance. I'll take the carpet if it's available.


Ooh, that's a good idea.


Ready? Maestro, please hit it. [Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy plays] (laughter)


But you are not. And that's very important.


Hey, I'm doing okay, just saying. Percy doing okay.


That's perfect!


I nudge him awake. Hey, Sticky Fingers.


Bracers?


I'm going to use my mace, and I'm going to start ripping where that wound is.


Do I still have the dodecahedron?


What is the world coming to?


Pro, 10,000 gold.


You guys are all welcome to stop by.


Yeah, whenever I can.


Do any of us notice this?


That's better, 16?


Faced with our own mortality.


One! 21!


Is he on his back?


I float down and kick Grog in the head and then float back up.


I've been wanting to buy some potions and things, is that an option here?


Let's go take a look at this prison.


No, if a creature ends its turn in a location where it doesn't have a direct line of sight on you--


Where's the map? Is that on the way?


Yeah, you keep saying that word. I don't know what it means.


Yes, you! I know you've been listening.


The spell runs out-- (laughter)


Liam knows science. Vax doesn't know shit.


Under who?! Who considers you the greatest detective?


No, I know it, I just didn't-- I mean, I read it like, one time, a long time ago.


Grog, that's not possible.


Is it big in there?


She's the ranger.


Yeah, next to Beau.


That ends my--


Brilliant idea.


Cat. C-A-T. And I leave.


Oh my gosh. I dance behind her.


I played today and I just got my first dose of kaiju-god Taliesin, not regular-god Taliesin, kaiju-god Taliesin. It's good.


Yeah! We were also running out of time.


Cut to the fucking chase!


Yeah. A trail of black, sooty, bubbly goodness.


It was a play on words. Your name also means something that you do when you're tired.


At least he'll be going home to a very nice surprise.


Yeah, that's what we're looking for.


Yeah, we'll return. We'll double back for the bear claws. So we'll come back for ten of these and that hot bread.


That's exactly what it was like.


Why are you sweating?


Just the blood.


I know. And then when she got the broom--


Wait, Grog. I'm sorry. Come again?


The little brazier that I'm next to.


It's entertainment.


I love it when you're surprised by your own content. It's my favorite.


I come back inside.


Okay, I'm gonna start making my way back to the mansion.


There's an "and" there, isn't there?


Oh! You know what, I do have something.


Pike as well.


I mean, that sounds like fun, right?


Oh my god, that wasn't even his turn.


And you don't know this yet.


Okay, I was going to say Thaumaturgy, but yeah.


If there's anything around that sword when you get there, you're on your own.


Well, how can Pike be at risk, then?


Ew. I don't want to perceive this. I'm glad I didn't roll very well.


There's those four others besides the one we came in?


(sings) I'm dreaming of a white whatever-we-celebrate.


I was already on it, I respond back in Halfling.


That's ten shots.


I imagine like Neil Armstrong.


How many rooms do they have at the inn?


Just been sitting on that shit, haven't you?


Tiberius, would you happen to have a little glass vial or something I could put this in?


As I'm running towards the Briarwoods' room, I start shouting Uriel! and grab a servant and say, go find Uriel. Tell him there's enemies within the gates, in the castle. Now!


Yes, in the city of Eman, he's got a big friggin' crush on me, and wants me. Wants me and some day you and I will actualize that.


Where are we? We were just going in a door.


Have we been to Howarth's?


And they instructed us to kill you.


Should we try talking to him?


It's the strawberries.


Every farm boy in Whitestone, once he's old enough to talk and work, names an animal, raises it, and butchers it.


Use D&D?


Some things don't change. We didn't have much of a chance to see you perform. I saw you do a card reading for Jester, but things got waylaid at the circus. What do you normally do?


Time.


Oh, thank god. Might need more blood soon. Do you know of any weaknesses that Vecna has, or opportunities that we could explite?


How long would it take to go five miles on this fabulous ship?


Yeah, I started When I was 10 or 11 in grade school, which was the very end of the '80s.


Can I check him out?


You brought along a sack of mirrors, I think you've got enough. What do you need?


Yeah, why not? Can we make two trips?


I'm very ugly for a halfling.


I got jack shit!


You know, the thing is, places like that are like yard sales. 99% of the time, there is nothing but broken crap. But once, and I pat the book in one of my holsters, I found something.


Undetermined percentage is still--


Do some Suggestion stuff?


We're with you.


When they take people, they break them. So if you're counting on whoever's in those cages to help, they're not going to be able to. It's going to be five versus seven, even if we attack at night.


The proprietor is kind of a skeeze ball, as you would imagine. Not necessarily the most trustworthy guy, but it is run by the Marduns. So of the safe places in the town, that's probably up there.


Is there anyone following us?


So I will let you know to stop all business with Emon for now. Be very wary, prepare the city for a possible dragon attack. Things are looking dark.


Well, as I was saying, I know from my time drinking with Grog that any sort of blow to the stomach will really make you barf pretty easily, so I'm going to set off a Thunderwave at level six and hope that he spits me up.


What about blacksmiths in town? Are there any blacksmiths left?


I turn into a turnip?


G'day, sir!


Oh, no, then don't. Keep Pass Without A Trace.


Okay, okay. I guess we'll just go without.


You need an underbelly. Underbellies are function. Underbellies function for this very need: the fact that we can actually get food and medical supplies into the city right now if we need to. Less than 72 hours after such a devastating attack, there's no other system--


We were like, "sweet clippers. Pocket. Keep going." And then we get to this emperor with these giant gold chains and we're like, "How do you break these gold chains? If only we had clippers. Oh, well, we don't."


I have a Facebook--


Oh, well shit. Then I will draw a sword and I will--


What are we going to do if he's not?


Agreed. Should we head back, clean up?


Is that the palm thing?


No, he won't. Look away if you want to preserve anything, and I just squish his head.


Well, I remember the gods on high telling us last week that we recognized the spell that was used.


I probably should have tried to break the grapple.


Did he take his bleed damage from me?


I'm not entirely sure. I died. Did you know that?


Ooh. Ooh! Ooh!


Do you call a cherry pit a dead cherry?


Okay, so we've got a little bit of a ways to go, but I'm going to go ahead and have these guys sign this one as well, and I'm going to push you guys that by the end of tonight, if we reach 1,550, I'll go ahead and throw this in with the next promo kit, as well. And if not I'll hang onto it for myself, and I won.


Well, we could buy a party with all that. (all laugh)


Has he seen the two coming down the stairway yet?


Under-Indian.


There's a bad door. Just listen for a moment. Bad door. Right in front of me: fake, bad door. If you go through it, there is a very bad face that sucks your life out.


Oh my god. Hello, Scanlan, is it you?


It was pretty weak, actually.


Yes, please tell us. Where are we going?


Everybody in!


But you didn't.


But we're in the Quay, how far away in The Wayfarer's Cove?


You can Speak with Dead though, right? Is that something you can do?


No, that was new and exciting.


So as a bonus action, I'll give Scanlan a kiss on his cheek.


Is that the goliath?


Then I'll try that instead. I'll try to slam dunk.


Constitution saving throw?


That's not great to hear. Okay. How much do these people mean to you?


(laughing) Oh, yes.


Hey guys! There's more heads for me to knock off!


What do I add? Am I just straight roll?


You should do that.


Can't you just melt the rocks, Keyleth?


Oh, my bad, fellow! Sorry, as you can tell, we're not from around here. Visiting. Yeah, I had a couple of questions. One, there's a volcano just off this coast somewhere, right?


Maybe during the ritual set-up because, I don't know, would it work while you're walking?


I'm backing up.


I push him in the face. I don't care.


Do I remember people talking about nightmares from the past couple of days? Not Liam, but Caleb?


If I crane my neck in the other direction, is there anything on that side?


I am way ahead of you, Grog. I'm way ahead of you. As I said, there are 100 servants here. 50 of them are assigned to me and my own personal service. The rest are available to you in whatever capacity you'd like them.


You haven't been saying shitty things to my bear, have you?


Did Shaun say to read it or to open it, do we remember?


I feel a little guilty, but not much.


Yay, map.


They die.


Let's get in the door.


Kill him, kill him, kill him!


Wisdom saving throws?


Guiding Bolt at 6th-level does 9d6 radiant damage.


Can I just say, this is Percy beating up Percy right now. (laughter)


Love you. Ashly Burch! [cheering]


We could go straight for the big prize.


22 to hit.


Well, let's find out how much.


Yes, more often than a hundred years.


Okay, yeah. I'll take some string and just some twine and--


I'm going to tug on the rope three times in succession to let our shark friend know that it's time to boogie. I'm going to take the rope. I'm going to jump out of the boat. Is there anything to tie the rope to?


Between Grog and Scanlan, we can solve any problem, I think, so beef him up, so to speak.


That was all of it? Can I run out of the room? If I can move. I'm going to run towards the door.


Natural 20! Hee hee hee--


That's a large radius, right?


I walk up behind Nott and scan the room with the spell.


Do I see Kynan anywhere? No? And it's a home? It's a business and a home?


I don't feel like they're telling the whole truth.


As a bonus can I-- I don't even have a healing potion.


I have an idea. I could summon Schmidt, and it would be a slow process, but he could carry it a couple of inches, low to the ground, and wait, and then go a couple of feet.


I have to go past my total HP?


He has a dirty diaper. He's mad.


Financial advisor. Excellent.


The drow, yeah. Like us but blue skin, white hair. And she said she doesn't want him losing too much of his vitality, and that she was going to take him back to where he came from and that he was special.


Tune in to Talks Machina on Tuesday. We'll give you more details about how you can purchase them. And you can always check out geekandsundry.com/artbook for more updates. They're coming soon. They should be in the warehouse very soon, so that's happy for the holidays.


You were born for this. You were instructed in how to do this, where I never was.


There we go. 24. And I'm thinking about Scanlan.


13. 18.


Go right in my neck.


Yeah. Where did he bite me, by the way?


We don't even know how this door works. What if it's like a DeLorean and flips up or something?


But I enjoyed it.


It's on Liam's Vine. If you go find Liam's Vine, there's a five-second clip of all of us just screaming bloody murder.


Is he sick?


Really not that big of a deal. There were some will-o'-wisps, some floating spirits.


Okay. I do that. Don't touch my dice in anger!


Is that what we saw? Oh, so he wasn't a magic user.


Cincture. Cincture of the Stone King.


How about, Keyleth, not another drink.


This is where we hit the save point. I don't know.


Move it a little.


That's all the show is now. That's the rest of the campaign.


Shall we?


She's the coolest.


A seven.


Okay, on his behalf?


Ducks, you guys. It's ducks.


I think they heard us.


D&D Beyond, everyone. Yeah, there's an animated thing that, if you haven't seen, you should check out, that's pretty cool. As announced during the Stream of Many Eyes this past weekend, new adventures, Waterdeep: Dragon Heist and Waterdeep: Dungeon of the Mad Mage, are now available-- on Laura's phone-- for preorder on D&D Beyond.


Compass, yeah.


Grog was hurt.


Could someone draw Scanlan with the illusionary growth and the illusionary wang?


Fuck a duck, that's hot!


I thought it was the armor class goes up one.


Who? What?


I’ll start writing that note right now.


Oh no! His figure just died!


Ten points of healing for you.


Oh my god, I can't believe you said it.


I got a 16 for my perception.


Can I smile before he hits me?


I have to get dressed, that's all. That's the thing


I wanna see how you fly, Grog.


He's 15 feet away?


Say (hacking spit).


To minty families!


I cannot believe it. I cannot believe it.


My strength and my-- Let's see, 18. No wait, 19!


Am I considered flanked?


Did anyone say that out loud?


I'm sorry that I was laughing loud enough for the mics to pick it up. Some people on Twitter were saying that they heard me laugh.


I roll obnoxiously bad.


I take back mocking you for your choice.


Save a thought for the people of Emon, if you've any room left in your narrow minds. And I back out.


No, we didn't.


Is this a short rest that we're doing?


So, I don't need it.


She crossed you?


So there are two guys alive right now?


A creature that enters the spell's area for the first time. If it fails.


Come on, shot-caller, pick one.


Are you up on top?


Yeah we did, for us.


Well, then I flip him off with it, but the British way. (all laugh)


That guy's a weasel.


Everything's bad unless they've got a red ring around them.


He's a good friend of my mom's.


You can move that over here actually, thank you. (chomping noises)


Do I feel anything? Sense anything?


The thing is if you're flying you can get knocked off, I've been there, and then it's super bad, so actually the pillars are really wonderful in that regard.


That's good. Oh my god, that's-- what is that, 23?


Oh, this is the paint can upside-down...


Yeah, I'm just going to try and get this thing off. Let me try and remove the hair too.


Flaming Sphere.


Did you notice how when you sang that a dude turned into a zombie?


Barf.


I don't doubt it for a moment.


Pike will walk right in front of Grog.


This is the next of our shirt designs--


What do you think? Do you think I should climb in that little hole?


First question.


There's someone in a cage. I don't know what to do!


We could use it on not-people as well? Maybe on objects?


No. I get vetoed a lot, these days. (laughter)


We can't just go to the Sluice Weave, it's underwater.


Oh, it's just leather?


I've never pretended to be a man of the cloth, I know little of the gods. But the brush we had down below has left me shaken. What can the gods tell us? The gods stick their noses into our doings whenever it pleases them. Are they not here? Have they anything to say for what is happening now?


Well, let's make it an even seven, like a week, right? Because that sphere's pretty fucking sweet. Not that I have any interest in messing with it any further.


Like our first hometown, or our elven town?


I rolled a 21 to collect goods.


Oh no, it's the chicken-Scanlan incident all over again.


How long does the spiritual weapon last?


You got it, buddy!


I mean, I was having a fun time, but I would've dropped everything to be with Pike.


He's here, he's watching.


You do nothing but brighten these halls.


Okay. She notices the Platinum Dragon. Are you a worshipper of the Platinum Dragon by any chance?


And we also didn't offer access to every contact and person that we know on this globe, all right?


It's the mine that never sleeps.


It's on the ground. You can probably see above it. Fog is low.


Can I see at least, is it this or this?


They're doing all right?


I'm looking for cooties around the outside.


They won't want to sully that fight, no one will want to sully that fight.


And I'm blue and he's blue.


I go (hums).


She's trying to convert.


Aw, my little Trinket dice bag isn't here.


Okay, but I'm only going to go 40 feet in advance. That's like ten fucked rolls of mine from the past 30 games! Anyway, I love it.


I'm going to get my broom ready. And while Pike is doing her ritual I'm just going to keep a hand on her, that if anything happens then I can just take off with her in tow.


8d6, thank you.


Can I aid him-- okay.


I think I might be that many.


(gagging noises)


It was in a hurry, but the type of runes that were in that chamber were one of protection, some sort of ward that I don't understand. It's old. It shook the entire room we were in. I thought maybe there were three locks down there, but you only saw one. Presumably, there are two more places in the ocean or in the world for you.


It could be a lot of smaller diamonds.


And has a day passed since that fight?


How about four on one side and three on the other of the tunnel?


All right, I don't know. I'm going to make him remember that we landed in the Feywild together as a group. It was a beautiful field filled with naked nymphs and fey creatures that all came to him and gave him a wonderful full-body massage.


Forsythia...


Oh, 20!


I got a six.


Okay, okay, that's not bad, that's not bad. 21!


I'd like to like-- Amy Poehler, I'd like to have one of those.


He was trustworthy enough that he wasn't going to, you know.


In a different font.


My max is 600 fucking feet?


Caligo, take me away! Oh my God.


What time is it?


Oh, that's good. 19.


I could not see.


Of the Grand Poobah and myself?


It's all right. And again, like any good plan, everything will go wrong.


At least he's not floating.


Can I see through it where they chipped away?


Maybe temporarily.


A guy that you met, you made him just rich and amazing.


I'm going to run forward. Well, actually, I'm going to stay hidden. Okay. I'm going to--


I'm glad I gave it to you, then. Ooh.


Can we ask before we go up on the stage if Kerr, if you're willing to help, should they want that? Is that something you could help us with?


Chromatic Orb?


I think we've already done that.


I love Bad News.


Oh shit. Oh my god, we're going right into it.


I was wondering if I could speak to Headmaster Patisse.


That would be fine for them, but like I said, this is not me. I don't want to be this.


I don't know, you tell me.


Yeah. I will jump down and run.


Pop pop with my fists! First attack is a 22, sorry 23. No, 22, I was right the first time. The second one is not good, it's a nine.


Hey guys, it's the third time Scanlan has used Mythcarver! (laughter)


We're going down that other path, right?


All right. I'll find one. Take 20 minutes.


Oh! I talk to it?


Just us?


I think you look great, Matt.


If you want a thousand years--


To be fair, the town you're currently in could be gone next week.


He's unconscious, he's in bad shape, but we're gonna get him.


I have to stay behind with Doty.


That's four. Yeah, probably not. 11.


I'm taking a moment to pay my respects to the dead.


I can't believe this thing is still alive. It's still prone, right?


Okay, well, then you guys go check it out first.


I think it's trash.


Yeah, and the next one.


No, I know. Yeah, no, I remember that.


And nobody replied and I stopped because I doubted it, and I'm waiting.


I must have stopped concentrating for some reason.


I'll yell to the rest  it's got Keyleth. I'll cast Dominate Monster on it, I guess.


They look like murderous fish men.


I mean, it could be warm.


30 sets?


No! (all laugh)


I'll follow close behind.


Yes. I mean, not quickly, it won't help you walk quickly, it's not necessarily the most stealthy thing on earth, but you won't drop two feet into the muck every time you take a step.


That's good hobbies.


(laughs) Really? Yeah, it wasn't a very persuasive thing to say. 14.


No, it's going to stay there and be like What's up, I'm a fire elemental.


He could be stuck there forever!


Well, you could get on my shoulders if you--


I don't mean to rush you guys, but shit gets way worse once they get back to The Sour Nest.


(quick footsteps)


They're tiny thimbles full of nothing!


What do I add that to?


That's your favored terrain, right?


(panting) Okay. Okay, give me the cool thing.


95 or 100 feet.


I'll think about it.


We'll go Percy, Cassandra, Cassandra, Percy, Percy, Percy, Percy, Cassandra.


I was going to say left. I knew.


What is Aid?


A penis!


Can I hold my action?


I keep my armor class?


Three charges, I guess. What do I do? I just do it.


I know, we never girl talked about it.


Jeffrey, Jeffrey, did your boss get any letters that he stowed away anywhere, did he have a safe-keeping place, a secret residence somewhere in the city walls--


I'm also gently steering Trinket away from the floorboard in the middle of the room as he walked by.


I'll look at those tomorrow. Let's go get some sleep. I start walking off towards our quarters.


Whatever it is, it's not leaving the mine.


Scratch her up.


Yeah, I mean, or get Keyleth over here.


I got two tens! I got an additional 20!


You're also good.


We should get up and get out of here.


Yeah, sure, that's no problem. What do I need?


Good thought! I had the same one!


Aw, man. All the time, Keyleth!


Just out of the room.


I think four?


Yeah, yeah, yeah--


Hold for a second. These shells have been devoured.


He ate his brain?


I'm watching where Hilda is running.


I forgot. No. Yes. I said yes.


Sure, and it'll be very ill-fitting now.


Still there, yeah.


Welcome, Percy.


It was silly. It was hobgoblins. It should never have happened. It was a simple fight, and they died, and I ran, and I can't even remember their names.


That's my action. I have a bonus action. This is an intimidating map, Matt. I am going to roll backward and sit underneath my sister and her judgemental ass.


We’re in the eleventh dimension now. This is getting a little heavy.


Take that, Sir Korea!


Hey! All right. Look at all these crazy things. 12 plus-- that's not very good. 12 plus all those.


That's an action?


It's not really enough time. Okay.


It'll hurt them.


Oh, is that Dwarvish?


Where's the d8s?


What if I want to stay?


Has anybody seen you-- seen you seen you?


I don't know, I don't want to put you in a box or anything, but you seem to pick up the most.


I cast Message. Fjord, mission accomplished. Board at will! You can respond to this message.


Won't you crush under the pressure of the water after a certain point?.


It's a Snuggle Lord variant!


Ah, let me play. Please.


Extended period.


We can go on our own, if you like.


You guys aren't going to want to hear this, I can run forward and Sunburst him at 150 feet away but it's going to burn my 8th-level spell.


Well, yeah, I'm going to fly up next to Grog, but I'm not going to go past him, and I'm going to hold up the little bead of power.


The Wall of Force? No!


I'm now wondering how much of our audience is currently-- no, never mind.


Can I insight check-- Oh yeah, you do that. (laughter)


Well, that's lovely. Thank you for your help.


First of all, the lizard army, is that different from wyverns? So they're just scaly creepers. I can do that.


(counting) 32. That's 32 points.


They are.


But we still have the ink of that.


So that we wouldn't be able to scry on anyone else. Or he was pissed!


It's an unconscious corpse. Which means it's technically--


As long as we abstain as well as we can from violence and as long as your men in the crew understand my disgust at such tactics, I think we can make our way towards an intercept.


How am I feeling?


And kill him.


Boots. Nice boots. Bidet. And I go back to the group.


Nott, this is what I talked to you about the other night. These are our friends and we're going to sort this out and figure out what we do next. It has been you and me, now it is you and me and them. Okay? You're with your blue friend here.


Ooh! So, protection against ice magic. Does anybody have stuff that works for that?


Has to be a little hot.


Right. We're all healed, maybe-- Does anyone have to pee? Or perhaps--


Good. One other thing you need to know about them: they're horribly paid, so money talks with these people.


They, the guards? The people that serve the dragon?


I resent that.


It's where the mayor lived before.


That's a natural one.


Can I call you Dr. Dra?


Are you going to take your ears and roll them?


Probably. That's really smart, Beau.


From Jester.


Oh wow, so it spread out blank from-- that's cool.


A very special episode.


It's pretty good. 20.


Momlan and I have been watching the show from upstairs, and it's so much fun. Are you having a good time?


Taliesin, do something!


You sure you want to let him go? You sure? Did you hear what he just said to you? You sure?


Derby Week is this weekend, I think.


It's the quartermaster.


You still have inspiration from Scanlan?


I walk through and bust through their hands.


(panicked exhale) I really thought there was going to be more money in here.


I'm perfectly happy to head towards this.


Is there--


I'm going to do an arcana check of 22. Just on the pile of bodies.


Of course, brother.


Perfect. Now we disguise ourselves, yes?


Gentle!


At the count of zwei.


Man, what if this was all a trick and they actually work for him? Oh god, we're all going to die. It was all a trick! They work for him. They're going to kill us all!


I know. I'm just checking to see if he's a misunderstood guy.


I think it was when I slit the guy's throat. She got mad. Just a hunch.


Oh! This is unusual.


Has anybody tried shooting anything through the orb?


I'm going to go around the back of the wall with Trinket. Oh no, I knocked it down on myself! Can I get around to the other side?


Instead of backing up, can I go sideways?


Yeah, MomoCon is just fun to say. MomoCon.


In what realm of possibility are we not going into this thing?


Stone Giant Strength. Thank you.


Yeah, when I take my hand off his mouth.


You got a hard-on for adventure, little man?


Could just be artist's interpretation, to try and fill in blank space, doesn't mean anything.


Okay. And then the last critical hit, which is Whisper again, because it bamfed back, is two plus eight is ten. Two and three. It's not that much. It's 15 total.


I tell her all about Oskar.


You know, one of my very best friends, Taryon Darrington, is an incredible writer, and I bet if you told him about the curse, he'd be willing to write it down.


Give me a bear cookie.


Is it just dexterity you can enhance, or anything?


Will the hyena get a bite on the kid?


I've already gone.


Next up, she's hard  Keyleth.


Fuck. Yeah. Yasha would like to fucking ragé and she will take-- to ragé. Take two strikes using Divine Fury while she's raging of radiant damage towards--


If you take the ring further than 60 feet away from me, we're blown.


Chickens come home to roost.


Sheesh.


Oh, yes. I'm a lady now.


So does that get rid of one of his weird ailments?


Okay, yeah, I pop Trinket out. It says a creature no more than large in size.


How do we feel about the knowledge that it's somewhere here in the lake, perhaps, or the other side? Circling back tomorrow? At least we'll avoid suspicion if we're at the inn.


Wait. Did he say that it was controlled by the clergy?


Oh sorry. (shouting) Yasha!


A little warning next time!


I roll 10.


No no, his slave zombies.


He's not around.


It's sitting on top of it? That's the city? The roots of the city crushing down--


Is it a dex saving throw?


But what's to keep Grog safe in the meantime?


Anybody else have anything else they want to grab?


That's so weird. It’s so abrasive sometimes.


Why do you say that, Horris?


All right, Simon 2. Come back with your bones!


Only I can say it. (laughter)


No, we should close them.


Wow, look at all that white and pink.


And we thank you for that.


That was the sacrifice tablet on top.


Well that's a good, that's a good plus.


She'll probably save, but it's worth a shot.


I'm going to do that, and I'm going to spend two sorcerer points immediately to do quickening spell and do another spell right after that.


We've talked through a lot.


Oh, yeah. At all. I'm just going to keep my hands on the--


I know. They're going to be available next Thursday. We're announcing them right now so that those of you that don't see this live--


Yeah, you know. Nott could have a look around, I could have a look around once Jester returns with my books.


Fjord got a four.


Yeah, because I need it!


There's an insignia that we get? Is it given to us on some sort of jacket for members only? (laughter)


Yeah, we can just go to our quarters or something.


What if I sweetened the deal? We have among us an amazing sorceress who could open that mine up for you with a flick of her wrist, save you hours and hours of work. Possibly back-breaking work that could cost the lives of many of your men.


Butchering, I believe.


Hey, Garmelie. What do you know about this fucking bear?


To be fair, also, everything in the Feywild--


Pike will come. I don't want to do this without Pike. She'll come.


Wider brim. Wider brim.


Put it in a little vial. Keep it for later.


Well, all of us, all of us I guess, until we get upstairs.


Okay, I'll use Uncanny Dodge, then.


I got a natural one.


Percy needs it.


Saddle up, let's do it.


All right. Well, stand by. We'll call you. Thank you for your time, and we'll be in touch.


Might as well get right up in there, I suppose.


Mm. Ish.


It's shiny.


I'll put soot on your face if you come near me with that wicked, wicked staff of yours.


You didn't find anything?


Should we check one of the buildings, and then we can figure out who wants to go check it out, so we can get out of the open?


You've got your holy oil, right?


I didn't think I'd enjoy this quite so soon.


I feel like I'm really holding these animals.


We were here on time, you know.


And me second.


Jeebus. I'm gonna use Luck. All right. 15.


Oh, there's so many of you right now.


(singing) I want to feel the heat with somebody!


I was going to say, tell him to go tell anybody else in the house everything's fine.


No, but it's minus five so it's 20.


This is a game of trust.


Great, and that's seven points of damage.


I just shot at it. I'm going to attempt to Hex it with a bonus action. Does it catch?


And we still all have Pass without a Trace on us?


An arm?


No, I don't start to revert.


I notch my arrow.


Jesus, how do you do that?


Cool. Good beans.


It gets you in, and when you're in, you don't want to get out.


Yep, both hit.


I hate the idea, but I'm the stealthiest motherfucker in this room.


Yeah, I mean, that's just me.


Thank you, please.


And human?


Who sees it?


That's where we were.


It's the grapple one to pull its wings together so it can't fly away?


And you only got 15?


No, but can I just see?


Just throw it!


As far as you can. Get as far as you can!


The ones that were available at our live shows before are in the store.


#FeelTheGern.


If you knew how to bargain, maybe.


She's fine. Let's leave her.


I think you'll pick it up if you hang around us for more than an afternoon.


Okay. Heavily heavily guarded by the looks of what's inside and what's outside the gate?


If I can, but they're hard to find. The cult works in shadows, they keep themselves really secretive. I wasn't allowed outside of our temple where I was raised. They gave me everything I wanted, but I wasn't allowed outside, so I guess I can be a bit naive about a few things.


That's really appropriate.


Think you're smart? Can you teach a 5th grader?


I suddenly wake up. You guys, I'm used to sleeping alone. You guys are talking so much.


I'm staying safe up here. I'm going to throw more daggers. There's a little pile under Thorbir's hiney? And a little bit out by itself, right?


I have one thing, but--


I come out of mist form. Vorugal's not here right now. If you're going to dig, do it. I'll keep an eye on the sky.


And we're going to split the cost of the dog.


I run over and I untie the boat from the thing. I undo the rope. Are we hitched to the dock with rope? And anchor?


Back in the game!


May birthdays!


Oh god. Yeah. I'm letting it go.


Yeah, little close to the stalagtite.


Acrobatics? 24.


No, we'e in Terrah. But the next day, we're going to the--


And since Tiberius is there, I can get sneak attack damage, 'cause one of my allies is there--


No, that's probably right.


Oh, does not hit.


Fear Aura checks? Oh my god.


Panels. Squares.


I have not eaten since the Calamity. (laughter)


Yes! Oh my god.


I'm in front of Grog.


Okay, halved.


Bunch of teens and a five!


He had the map. If he built the map, there's a way out.


I'm the one asking questions here.


I feel like it was a good decision.


What if you painted a 500-pound diamond?


Good, instead of missing it I'm going to (swoosh, gulps) swallow it. (grunts) That's 20. My dex save was 20. Sorry.


Well, listen, man. If I can't have the arts in my life, I'd rather be dead.


Oh, they're real close to them.


I take a teeny sip. Pike, would you like any ale?


So the goal is to shoot an arrow into this-- like the Death Star?


That's what happens when I roll one that I haven't been charging up.


Oh, it's just like flashing pictures that all move together.


Have you seen the frontline before?


You're very clever, yes. We'll work on that.


You first, bud. Coming for you first.


That's why it's like a bear.


I'm very stealthy.


I'm standing as far from Vex as I can, but I can't go much farther because obviously-- yeah.


Haha!


You say it's been a few months since your last passage on a ship. Steady work?


So I usually get advantage, so I'll just roll regular.


FicklePicketickler, that's great.


(whispering) It makes us really stealthy.


Mister is injured, right?


Oh, that's a four. Okay.


Do I have any residual Control Water left? Yeah?


What is it, what is it, what is it?


I've been really angry at you.


The first one I rolled was a 12 plus eight is 20.


Will water get in the bag if I look in--


It's almost broken.


We'll be all right.


My ass-- no. He played with this, apparently, but at some point, it was touched by Wil Wheaton.


(sighs) This isn't great.


I'm going to examine it.


This could be very good.


Why a nine though?


No, I want to go in front of him, where I can get his attention. The northwest side.


Vera, Ipess?


A round for the gentleman.


All right, I will. Come with me over to the corner.


20!


I'm really excited to hear it.


It's colorless and odorless.


We have been gone so long!


Maybe you shouldn't go.


That's in Sutan's place.


It dries and stuff.


This doesn't.


It's nighttime now?


By a turn. Is 8,000 Vox Machina’s rate, or the general rate?


Is it yours?


No. No, you can't.


Well, we're not going to give it to you. We're just going to leave it here. I think that's fair, we didn't give him anything. We found him, he attacked us, we defeated him, we walked about our way.


I'll be right here.


Oh yeah, I want to give a quick shout-out to my charity of choice, the Pablove Foundation.


In a year.


I'm just going to say, Pike? Pike, I think we've got some undead coming our way. Probably going to need some Divine Smiting.


I'm glad he didn't murder us with his bear traps.


Run through those really fast.


That's a natural one on that first attack. Well that sucks.


I got a question, Artagan. Do you know if--


Unless it's already been raided?


Have fun you guys, I'll be on a beach next week, but-- it's okay, I'll be, I'll try--


I don't know if the map is accurate to how many doors there are--


Why don't we at least do a little bit of pre-planning? Do we need like a warrant for something like this?


Not bad. 16 points.


Did anything happen to the guy that had me--


It can't be the ground?


Jesus Christ! I mean.


I have Greater Restoration. She left, right? That wasn't in front of her. I didn't say that to her.


Do you have a shiraz?


You fall unconscious.


It is for me. 16 and 18.


Why don’t you get any additional?


Well, I saw him on the other side of the thingie.


I will tell you something.


Scythes in the wall? My nose tickles right now. I'm going to attempt to take these out and-- hold on.


The seaward side.


Well, because that's what he does.


Well, shit. I want to go diving, but I don't think I'd make it over there. Shit. For now, I'll just-- someone else is going to do the water thing, I assume?


The Raven and the Rook is a thing that I don't have any information about.


Yes, he does.


Grog, get in the tree, get in the tree.


Do you have something that can pull it towards you?


It still stands  it's pretty shitty.


Today was not optimal by any means, but we have helped our friend's mother and she is better off. The things on the dock did not go great-- no one would use the word great-- but we did not draw a blade on them or do anything, they attacked us. We kept ourselves alive, we kept our friends alive. I did not expect us to be departing Jester's hometown quite so quickly, but here we are. We're all alive, we're helping another one of our friends. This is not our home.


Who's in there? Just Vax right now?


Yeah, I wanted to tackle him and be on top of him.


It's garbage.


One more player off the board.


Shall we go collect our money now?


God bless. 16.


It's like a tent, basically.


I would like to spike the skull.


Two-Gold Bold.


Well, how is she going to get the book back?


Is there an entrance to this tower?


Pretty close.


Who I would love to introduce you guys to. My friends?


Yeah, you! I mean, you're obviously--


It's okay, it was already dead, Keyleth. Or maybe it was like the soul gems.


Immune to fear, immune to poison, and immune to what else?


Ooh, your voice sounds deeper.


All right, so that is sneak attack damage. He gets three plus eight is 11, plus... where the hell did my d8 go? Okay, 16 plus sneak attack damage. (counting) 45. So that guy took 45 in the back.


Ooh, dank.


I don't have anything on my head.


Yeah. At least, that's what I--


(making dying noises in the background)


Maorikaji.


That'll be all the damage.


I prefer Iron Fem Shepard.


Dinner, and bad decisions, and cleanliness would be great.


We give him his strength, sir.


Yeah, just one.


Not Windows 10, not Windows 10, god damn it! (laughter)


Level two, trying to get out of a fucking inn.


Cherry wine's real good though.


(meowing)


Profiterolos!


You've said several times that you're an admirer of mine.


Dear lord. Can Trinket run around and attack his butt?


I'm going to turn around the corner.


Whenever he starts a description with "I mean," it's not good.


I can redirect the current of the ocean for a temporary amount of time.


I'm not-- (indecisive noise) Keeping my distance.


Wyrmwood's has always been Critrole, hasn't it?


Do you want to be the boatswain?


Oh no, I'll take it off.


All right. I'll run past Lorenzo. As I run, I will dump all my oil on him.


You know what I'm talking about.


I'm going to try to find Allura. I'm going to leave them to their madness. I'm going to try and find Allura and Cassandra or anybody I can find in the castle at this point.


Because we're professionals.


Yenk's going to go, "Come on, chum. Let's be friends."


Uh, 28 minus five, 23.


Not funny!


Let's pack our things, head down and take a look at that pirate ship, then head home. Well, that ship. I don't know if it has pirate symbols, but I'm very excited.


No! Are you kidding? We saved an entire town today! More dragons may come, but for the time being, people are safe, and we are safe. If we are successful, we could save this entire fucking world.


Yeah, I never even met a ghost. How would you punch it?


I did! I did tell her that!


I walk over to Keyleth and say  I've done this, but I don't think I knew what I was doing. Your people do this?


Are you skipping any details?


We're hoping for a bit of a discount for the group that is responsible for this city still existing.


He doesn't know our names.


Who are you?! Ah! Who are you?


Oh, that's not me, jesus. I was looking at Yasha's and it was like, "When did I get Necrotic Shroud?"


Your boy. What's his name?


I'm a bit tapped on my higher-level energy, but can I maybe take a minute to ritual cast Greater Restoration on the two new statues of the lycanthropes?


As per usual.


I thought you asked--


Did you ask if the tree was just one thing?


Fuck, ten poison?


Oh god. Stress.


Where in Virginia?


I'll pull out the Baba Yaga, give me five seconds.


And it's ongoing, so if you can think of how-- what sort of trade you would like to spend your next years of life pursuing, whether it be in--


This was supposed to be a passing comment, and it's turned into a thing. (laughs) Be careful.


We were just here!


That's, uh... five, six, seven, eight, that's 11 points of damage.


I wanted some holy arrows.


There are literally going to be rock monsters if we go back the other way.


But I saw your guns last night. You probably took the lead.


(sing) Arrows and bows!


Which we are. (laughter)


Inanimate.


Of all time?


For me.


We'll apologize later.


Watch your back.


There's no harm in raging.


I don't know. It's in there, isn't it? And how do we know the dragons weren't guarding it as opposed to it being a signal? It could be the thing they're angry about.


Let's head south.


No, he's fine. It's just, maybe we wanted to take a little nap or something.


Horn. Horn. Horn!


Yes. Dark tidings.


Oh wait, did you want someone in the middle of the road?


Fuck, sorry.


Keep pushing in, looking for any signage of the Keystone Pub.


You control the clouds?


That's ten minutes if we want to take it.


First, you celebrate.


Trust the porn!


Hold until we're clear!


Poofs out into a doughnut as a Fire Bolt goes (fwoosh)! (laughter)


Yeah, I know. You're trying to be nice.


We have video, man. I didn't do it.


All right, I'll try.


I know. You probably couldn't afford it, so--


Hey! You know what you can cross off your list? Teleportation, because that's what we're about to do.


Yeah. Shot, shot, shot. Yeah, not great.


Natural dick 20.


If you're invisible, you could maybe help get everybody out.


Cool. Can I use my action to get up from being prone? Half my movement, sorry. Onto one knee. In my mind, because I can't see! And can I hold my action until I can see again or until it's my turn?


Yeah, thank you. I'm trying to get better at it. Yeah.


I think that it feels like a guardian. What if we put the water elemental in the--


Is there like snow or ice on the ground?


How do we know you won't freeze up again?


Or to Thar Amphala?


Can't you climb on shit?


I'm on the roofs, been tracking Caleb this whole time. On the roof.


Here, take this one.


No, Tary, no signing anything.


Three things, okay. What is its dexterity modifier, or its dexterity saving throw?


By gravity!


If you kill them, then they're not really your friends, are they?


So basically, we're going to need a lot of help, and please stay in prayer.


Call tech support.


Sam. You were trying to save a Wish for me?


So that way you can vaguely say, move me there.


See what kind of paperwork? Or identification?


I am not telling any of you, especially you, what to do here, but an alternative plan is to get rid of anyone who knows about the location of the tree and bury the tree.


War Caster. Come on.


Oh! Grog! Prestidigitation, and I (whoosh SFX) make a quick wind-gust--


Stenographer.


I felt pretty good on that one.


I would like to see it.


We don't give a fuck. We're walking around. We don't give a shit. You people have got lazy eyes. We've got a donkey. No problem. Recognize us, I dare you.


Right. We'll go 60 feet up, see what we can see.


Maybe the two smalls should--


Hell no.


Do you collect things? I collect things.


Lightning Arrow is 4d8 lightning damage.


Step one is  find documents. This is the most exciting thing we’ve ever done.


But we're along the path to the water that I saw.


I'll grab one of them before they-- I heard that.


Some emblem?


No, sorry.


Well, ladies first!


Worst possible scenario imaginable.


If that's happened twice, they're 20 years older.


I'll use Bigby's Hand to catch some of the sinew and blood and--


If I touch her, does she feel like a dragon?


It's the snowcone variety.


He's not moving. Tomorrow, we're going to have a big party. It's going to be my last stream on Geek and Sundry. It's going to be a big party to celebrate. It'll be a lot of fun. We're going to do some dancing, we'll have some special guests coming by. And he's going to widen the camera just so he can get in the shot. We're also going to be knighting Lucas tomorrow night, so you guys should definitely tune in for that and watch us knight Lucas. We've been training him up, getting him ready. But again, thank you everyone for this amazing experience. You can follow me on Twitter if you want to know more about what's coming up. It'll be in a couple of months, we'll be launching that and I'll make sure to keep streaming on my channel and Lucas, of course, will continue the spirit. We'll still be in communication, everything's good. So you know. (laughter)


Hey, it's Scott White. "Happy 10th episode." Hey, Scott!


I think the notion is that you're not supposed to look directly in it, some sort of thing maybe.


If it's doable to pass through a magic barrier.


(makes an air kissing noise)


I'm sorry to deceive you.


I hear you're not supposed to fight or kill anything for 30 minutes after you eat.


That is 16 points of damage.


Are we in the cavern? No, we're on the beach, right?


Shake him out.


We brought you here.


Can't go the other way?


My coin purse is missing!


150 gold a piece!


Oh, the postings, yeah. What was it?


I'm on the earring.


Oh. I thought you meant the abyss of my backpack.


Okay. You'll hang behind me, Tary?


I don't think this is a terrible-- I think this is a pretty reasonable idea.


Thank god for that Pass Without a Trace. 19.


All right. I drop Blindness and I drop Seeming.


You don't need that hand, you got another one.


Does he feel cold?


Crit fail. It's a 20-foot cube, so I want to cast it right in the cell.


-- his wife, and Doctor Strange, but that's cool, too. Because him and his wife.


As you can see, we brought one of your citizens with us to show us a tour of the city.


No! Don't jump off the broom!


And what's the initiative order? It's Fjord then...


Water under the bridge. Water under the kraken. We're on brighter horizons


I get to reroll ones. (counting) 26. Roll two more. 12 more damage. What did I just say?


I don't-- The splinters are in my forehead.


I think the main-- (heavy sigh)-- The main person to worry about-- so first of all, Protto is the lookout. Disabling him, maybe, if you guys are trying to be stealthy, would be helpful because he's got--


I'm going to yell for help and then I'm going to--


I'm going to be behind him.


I was distracted. I was thinking about my books. I don't want them to get harmed. Your bag is probably water resistant, yeah?


Thank you for your service. The other 25 is for my brain.


Which is 1d8.


I thought you said they left.


We're not in a rush, right? 20 minutes won't kill us.


I could try. That's what I was trying to bait her into.


All right, there you go.


Well, I'm glad you guys are safe, for whatever the fuck it's worth.


I'm sleeping, yes. Thank you.


Yes. He's gone, he's gone. Okay, ... (mumbles numbers) 47.


Didn't you volunteer me to help?


All right, yes. Just don't mention if I win. Maybe I'll come and collect later.


They are on all sides, the people down below, or are down on one side of them?


Sort of like this? Or is it?


Am I here?


No, it's fine. It's good to know this.


Doesn't Draconia have an army there? If there are any survivors, anyone we can bring back to Whitestone, shouldn't we be accumulating those people?


Can I aim at one of the other ones?


Pissing and Kissing is the title.


The money? Wait, it costs money?


You're not the only one who can have the same interests in keeping each other safe.


Get him a pillow! What!


And he has to make a constitution saving throw.


It doesn't matter if they see us, they can't do anything to us.


Yeah, but those say 'enter'.


I can send a message to the Gentleman, so we don't have to go back.


Why was it talking through you, Grog? Why not Pike?


I'm not; I'm going to use my sword.


You're going to be doing a lot more damage than I am tomorrow, it's not like I'm going to run up and stab the thing in the back. I feel like you're probably going to be too busy to be using Fassbender--


Come on, oh yeah.


No, I meant to run that way.


You said roll for initiative?


Which door?


And because I Conjured Woodland Animals, I lost my Hunter's Mark.


I come back from that knee to the solar plexus.


She succeeded on the previous one. This a pathway into some other world now.


That's something that's tangible. Ioun is distant.


Four. Four damage total.


I mean, we can head over to the cart and horses.


Our tribe, we generally can still make contact and trade with nearby towns, generally. There might be more travelled ones, once again I'm not sure.


That would be the worst thing ever.


You want to see it?


Grog was unconscious.


Let's do it at the same time.


I've slowed my breathing, I've calmed myself and I'm just going to take a very gentle dive and move in.


Well, I can't see shit!


You didn't lead with Pike, though! You should have said, Pike's here. Hey, Pike's here.


I mean, yeah, but sketchy in the-- well, eight. Like is he trying to fuck with us.


(heartbeat) (knocking)


No, I'm up 90 bonus hit points and I haven't taken any damage.


Don't give me a squeeze, it makes me uncomfortable.


I detract my offer.


It is! Who should read it? I want to read it right now!


I just mean Sam.


I gain bonus to my damage rolls. A 19 or a 20 is a crit. When it dies, I might get something.


Maybe you should do that.


Zombie Vander, aw man. This is like, rattling whatever blackened heart my character has. Okay.


My armor class is 20. Unless, there were no aids with that--?


73. Sorry, 73 hit points.


Yeah, I'm getting a massage right now.


Are we going to rest?


Are you going to break up with him in the letter too? Are you going to tell him that you're going to break his heart as soon as he writes you back? Is that what's going to happen? I'm sorry, I'm just looking at your letter as you're writing it.


Then say something.


Maybe we should check out the boats first.


And then Vecna followed. And we were ambushed. My companions and I were marked for death. They were all destroyed. And I watched that Death Knight burn the closest thing I've ever had to a brother. And he cut the still-beating heart out of our goliath. And then these buzzards came to pick my bones, thinking I was dead. But I wouldn't die. The queen had another plan for me.


That is an over-exaggeration.


That fucking movie traumatized me.


Avenge him? What happened?


What goes on in Hupperdook?


And this pendant here, which looks like a dragon tooth, it's a dragon tooth. And if you wear it, it will close your wounds.


The woobie. He's right over here.


Wait. Where did you go and get a bag of holding in the time of us sleeping and you waking up.


(fake coughing)


Makeshift harpoon? That's pretty cool.


And then, I take a bow. (laughter)


Do I have something in my teeth?


And then I will turn to Zahra and I will sing to her to inspire her. I'll sing: (sings) Zahra, a rainbow! Zahra, a sunrise! Zahra the moon to wear! That's not good enough, no, not good enough, not for Zahra! (laughter)


Right, kitten's got claws. I'll make the second one reckless, but not Great Weapon Master. I already said it was, should I do it again because I said it? All right, fine.


Thank you, love. We'll be in Whitestone again soon. I'll see you soon, dearest.


Okay. Nott, my friend, I think maybe this is a time where you could-- please don't go crazy, but maybe go in 30 or 40 feet, there's a room in there, and I don't think there's anything in there, but you would see.


I can just walk and not do anything.


Gag me with a spoon, Mr. and Mrs. Henderson!


How was the kiss?


No. You keep it. I'll do it.


So I get up close in, like five feet away, and then I'll just Thunderwave him.


I mean I'm in there somewhere.


Looks clear.


You want to hop on the-- (laughter)


Three?! MATT. Two with the rapier. First one hits. Second one still hits. And the dagger hits. All righty. (counting)


I want to tamp it down, stand my full weight on top of it.


I can't tell if they are dead from here.


I can use my tracking and my favored terrain to see how many within 6 miles, if there's a large group of them.


Vex, no. You can't, you can't possibly trade that. It's too valuable. What are you doing?


Oh no, we totally emptied the cart.


I thought we were talking about redemption.


Wait! Plus four. 15.


Do I also have to roll for fear?


It's 12.


Yeah, you did a 24, right?


Chilly. Sure glad I have all this booze to drink to keep me warm. Wouldn't you like some?


Oh my lord!


You can go through trees?


What is his name, Percy?


Oh, okay. Either way.


20, plus--


I breathe really hard.


No, they're still in there.


They're like a big floating head with a giant eye, and they've got tentacles, with eyes on the end of 'em, and each eyeball does a different ray of effect.


Oh, and I'll do three charges, so it's 10d6.


Just swords out.


You don't have to hit me!


I mean, just kidding, I love you Tary.


That sounds so lovely!


Would you be interested in the rogue or the ranger?


That doesn't sound too bad to me.


Fiend creatures specifically.


Yeah, it just involves fire you guys. We can figure this shit out.


No, it's got the seal in it. Does it have the seal in it?


(loudly) Maybe there's lots of them around too.


I will stand up.


That's not normally how you test strength.


I'll move forward.


Jet lag absolutely destroyed any gain we got.


Who knows, but it's definitely a different take on any Final Fantasy you've ever played. And as a fan, I'm excited, so check it out, too.


Go for the top?


We don't need it! We don't need it!


We're not making out! There's a slow trickle of wizz going down my leg right now, man.


That's two, so there's one more.


Does it make her limp? So sorry.


I mean, maybe we should return to something like sabotaging the machine, or... burning the city. Oh god, Vex is rubbing off on me.


Nothing dangerous. All fake.


My kind of people, see you later! I go grab the drink with the lovely dwarves.


Oh, Quall, we didn't know where you were, we couldn't find you, we left it with Wilhand.


It’s not very descriptive.


We might be able to take it to a school or a medical facility to sell. Studies.


(gum popping) No. You won't fit in the bed with me. I am very big.


Is that like an arcana check or--?


Add ten!


Yep, advantages to both.


I'm all out.


She's a nervous laugher.


Okay. 23 points to everybody who's hanging around for a few minutes.


(shouting) People wonder why we have trust issues!


I forget what Friends does.


That was terrible tough love, and I'm very sorry. I think you should come with us.


Hashtag gun stuff.


We should probably figure out if we're going to fight a fucking dragon in the morning.


I think we have a thing that we have to go fight, and we have so many things that we have to do.


So I could use it--


That's my fault.


You are?


Devil's advocate.


I loved that carpet, damn it.


Oh. Take that back. Take it back.


I can't remember. I saw something super interesting. Shit.


Well then, never mind.


So she would have a sixth-level spell.


She's out here now.


I don't think you have to talk like you're dead.


Like maybe an imp!


I get two because it's favored terrain, right?


Oh! I can figure it out.


I'm glad I'm back.


If they don't see us, then we get the sneak attack. And if they do--


I think they were really secret ones, so I would hate to take those out of here.


That's in your brain forever.


You raised her good. She's been taking good care of us.


Okay. I'm going to try to take my blade and put it through its torso.


(high-pitched) What the fuck!? [laughter]


The last item is called the Iron Bands of Bilarro. This rusty iron sphere measures three inches in diameter, and weighs one pound. Like my dick. (laughter)


Doesn't your weapon have an eyeball on it?


Okay. From my vantage point I'm going to sit down, take out Bad News, take another deadeye sharpshooter with Bad News at the big fat fucker by the tree.


Yeah, you go invisible along with Fauny Tim over here and you just go find the fucking hat.


Money is wonderful. We like money. But we've been charged to find Lady Kima. We need assurances that we will find her or at least some evidence of her in the mines.


Bring something that you don't mind putting down.


Thank you for the rooms. Breakfast? Is there breakfast here?


I really like them.


Hey, so. When you trained with him, because you were doing all that yoga pilates stuff. Did it help you out?


Hang on, let me, let's go see, let's go see.


There's a lot of threes in this game right now.


Why? Yeah, they're going to know. I honestly don't think anyone's going to have a problem with us killing this guy. It's just a matter of do we want to be full Vox Machina? Because it might paint a giant target on us. Or maybe have someone as a silent escort? I could try and not speak a whole lot.


Hearty German living.


No, it's not on the thing, but I have it anyway. Are you wearing it?


Whoa, this is so cool! Once per short rest, I can use an Oracle Shot.


I can. I've got plenty o' spells.


I don't have any ranged weapons.


(grunts) Awake.


It is? So because of my assassinate feat, then this is a critical hit. So just the sneak attack damage? Okay, four, eight, ten, 12, 15, 21, 42.


Really? (laughs)


Yes, sleepytime is the official name for it! (laughter)


(sighs) Big choice.


I'm taking that, it's a six.


This is the worst grin you've ever given us. It's so great.


I like how this is like Final Fantasy traveling.


This is fun. How much damage is that, total?


It's a vault.


Thank you so much, young men, for your help. Also, spice? (laughter)


We'll stay together in a group.


Why not?


Are they on the same level as us?


We've got a couple hours.


If we do, then we violate what we said we were going to do.


I am looking for histories, accounts of people who pushed the boundaries of what can be done over the ages. The firsts. I am interested in more than what is typical, at least as much as can be known. Do you follow me?


I don't trust her. It's weird.


It'll be like that scene in Inception.


Oh no, oh no.


Let's call that a--


(mimicking heavy metal music)


There might have been one after you.


I check to see his name, is it his real name that is signed?


Do I feel Vecna riding on this guy's shoulder?


I will roll an insight check.


If she's under the Imperius Curse.


Zahra. Zahra Hydris.


I'm Sam Riegel  a voice actor, and stuff. My character is Scanlan Shorthalt. The gnome bard who sings a lot. Let's start playing, yeah? (cheering)


Found it. We're good.


And with my bonus action--


I turn and break away from the group and head in a slightly different direction for a moment and sit and nurse my elbow, and try and just look like I'm dealing with my medical issue and really try to look like I didn't notice the thing that's watching me now.


I've never seen him this upset.


Don't fucking die, Keyleth.


We're going to be okay. We were expecting this.


That was the perfect interaction.


There's no room, we're in the woods.


Yeah, you know, I would. (laughter)


Yasha, can you hand the torch down and get it to Nott so that she can go a little bit further?


She didn't go downstairs.


Lift!


You're all right. Sorry about that.


I charged this when I got hit by the lightning attack in the crypt.


Oh, a wisdom saving throw or a check?


And Caleb will tell the group.


It doesn't heal, but it should fix poison.


I'm trying to figure out if she's titled. She certainly strikes me as titled. I think she has blood. She may not have blue blood but--


Okay. Earlier, I'm sorry, because the internet shit the bed on me, so it was 12 plus 14. I'm still up.


So it's a sneak attack?


I didn't get to come down here very much and eat with you. It's nice to be able to be here now.


Some consent forms? Yeah.


I mean, things that are wanted that are illegal are going to be wanted. It seems like there was clearly a high demand for some people to worship who they want to.


They're called the Iron Shepherds. Slavers. Murderers. Basic pieces of shit. They're very good at what they do. They are the scariest, most powerful people that I've probably ever met, and I've met a lot of people. I grew up in Shadycreek Run.


I will gladly do this for you, Scanlan.


I don't even know what 3/4 cover bonus is.


These boxes by Wyrmwood Gaming. The code again is "critrole". Not only that, but they have a Kickstarter going on. They are now selling, or they're kickstarting their Sentinel deck box, which looks like this.


Doesn't matter? Then I don't do anything!


"Hm? Oh, ooh, yes! They're pretty." I take out one of my daggers-- yes, I do have daggers-- and (clicking noise) I'm going to chip away a couple of chunks.


120 feet is all I can move her.


Can you make the chasm look like it's solid ground?


Wait, is there anyone else who can make this message delivery faster or safer?


Hustle, hustle.


Oh my god. (all laugh)


(gravelly voice) Don't go in the crypt of-- (laughter)


From what? From Scary Face?


Can we theoretically just mist over everywhere?


Or if you're at LAX at 1 15, you can meet them.


We're growing! We're learning and growing.


Of course. Would someone help me down?


Well no, I'm going to use a cantrip because it's better. So I'm going to Toll the Dead on--


If we attack her, is that going to drop the confusion?


These are the worst people we've ever faced.


A d20 roll.


Trinket looks very interested in Lockheed.


Hello Trinket?


Probably another two hours.


I'll go check out-- yeah.


There's an app for that.


I will, with my bonus, can I talk to him?


I didn't learn Polymorph. You're going to have to ask Scanlan about that one.


Only if I know how to work it.


To be fair, he didn't say Oklahoma.


Can I peek out the door?


Cask of ale is out and the ale is flowing.


Don't say it like it's obvious. I don't pay attention to shit.


Do I get my hand cone?


Oh, yeah. Again, I am very sorry. I am a traveling writer. I am writing a history of the great cities of the Empire and I have heard wonderful things about the library that is under your stead and I don't know-- I have viewed it from the outside, it is a beautiful structure, but I don't know what it entails to visit it. I was wondering, do you allow outsiders? I don't know if it costs a fee or if you need some sort of letter of recommendation, but I am very eager to learn about the library itself and the city and everything that I can learn about it so I can write more extensive-- it would just mean so much to me.


You know, a public disturbance.


God, I got asked this question at the panel over the weekend, too. It's a hot topic. Everyone wants to know how I killed the kid. Well, we were fighting-- tell us about the fight.


And it says, "Take these wings and fly."


Hey, where did you learn contouring?


What is it? (laughter)


What, is he coming for me? That looks like that's what's happening.


What? Why isn't my brother here? I need to check for traps from now on. Snoop ahead.


I don't have a current adventure right now. Fire off. Still getting used to some of the contraptions.


Sure. Or you could stay there and I could go even further up 60 feet--


Yeah, we should wake up before sunlight.


I put my fist in my hand and I bow slightly. Does he move at all?


You've got nothing?


I'm hungry, so.


(fake cries)


We've got a child to deliver home.


Yeah. I know, I didn't get to--


I've got a little bit of sketching, and working on something simple, that I might even try and build while I'm here.


To D&D Beyond, for sponsoring that inane list.


My passive perception is 18.


Yeah, I'll turn into a little gnome or something, and go around and shop, and get all the components I might need.


Sure. Sure we will. Are you hungry?


I think I might.


I just am trying to be honest with you, because I respect you, and I would hate for you to think that-- I-- (sighs) Terrible at this.


Also, Toya. If she would speak honestly, she would absolve all of us.


Scanlan, do something so that we can sleep.


I'm gonna call out. I'm calling out, "Member of the Clasp entering. I need to parlay."


Keep a few of the scales, obviously.


And you can find it on Spotify. There's some cool songs on there.


Yeah, let's unleash into the ogre. Okay, 19?


And what would our mission be?


Well, let's sees if she talks first.


Bonus action hide.


We're going into the lion's den. Soon, I think. And we'll probably come out of it, but just in case. She's got a lot on her shoulders; you know that. So just keep an eye on her. That's it. All right?


I'd gain a few hit points, but it's nothing bad. I can take a potion.


By the way, now that we're out of all this shit, can we look around and see if Ukurat has been peeping us this entire time?


Oh fuck, really?


35, 39, 43. 43.


You're going to go attack these people with--?


How are you at math?


Holla!


I'll fix it if you did. It's all right.


You're married to a god?! Wait, you're married and you--


I come around the corner.


People have come looking for it for less.


Caduceus Clay. 16.


Yes, it's on the left.


Mother bitch.


Is she going to inspect it?


We won.


Old, just like the device.


Yeah, she had a lot to drink!


Blue, green, yes!


Wow, that's high for her.


I don't think he's ready for this jelly. You guys think he's ready for this jelly? I don't think so.


Yes. I was watching when he walked around the pillar, so I saw where he went.


Should I not use my real name?


The fables were a lie!


Gunpowder tea.


No. He was super not sharp.


All right, I'll follow suit.


I feel like I should reroll this again.


Darrington.


Oh. I'm being racisted against?


What are we doing again?


Or you could stay above if you wanted to send a Message if some trouble appears on the horizon, I'd just hate to leave you behind on such a great adventure. There could be buttons, there could be little jewels, ingots--


In 30 minutes, we could all be dead. But if we have any chance-- You three need to not be here. You need to go down now.


There's six including all of us.


No, but I have it and I'll put it in the middle.


I would prefer Doty not come. He can't swim, right?


We look back.


Yeah, cool, do that. I'm going to walk out of the lava now. (laughter)


Ulog?


This'll end well.


We're the best-looking people in this town, and that's saying something.


For today?


Or with us, we're going to go shopping.


I have not, but I would like to go.


Was it the crab cakes?


Just know that things are not forever...


I was going to say, when you go into a convenience store and it's got the "Have you seen this person?"


He made you socially awkward?


Why would they even have a hypothetical for that?


It's not that bad. You don't have to act like it--


(sighs) Nope.


Well, I'm not there yet, but I know I'm feeling emotional, and I know that's when I need to shut up and listen to you.


We might get a surprise attack on them.


We act casual.


If they are run out of one place for something, my first thing would be try to find the next place to keep it going.


It does now, man.


And if he comes for your head?


My alignment. I'm good.


How far out?


What's that against?


The guy that I was trying to break out of the cage: is he alive?


Technically, I thought you couldn't cast-- I thought it doesn't work with spells. I don't know.


After a year of studying in the main school, Trent handpicked all three of us again, and we left the school proper and went with him to a home out in the countryside where he trained us. It was a good time. We believed in the Empire, we were going to keep it strong. He was cruel. He hurt us a lot. Made us go through extreme circumstances, but we got strong. I also fell in love, but that's another story.


A lovely fence it is.


Okay, well - (clinking SFX) Okay, thieves’ tools out. Oh, that's an easy 30.


To be fair, I don't remember entering a formal contract.


We are friends.


Seeing it, I'm going to transform and go into my fire elemental.


No!


Never mind then. Shoot.


I want to make sure it's like, "One, two, three, four, five--" Five minutes later, "37--"


Wait, can we see anyone else?


They're probably ready to fight, like me. (all laugh)


Great, okay. Well, there's nothing else to be done, we just have to go as fast as we can.


We don't see a cluster of prisoners anywhere out in the open?


Yeah, let's not get ahead of ourselves, all right?


Your shoes suck.


Just don't say that word again, Keyleth. I mean, it's not.


I slap her hand.


