Oh, yeah, okay. Oh, I see this, yeah.


Don't listen to Fjord.


Brooch!


I don't add anything.


Okay, I'll just lift up my hand and go, Firebolt.


He might be a bit low on powder.


Nine for one on the eyeballs.


But we didn't.


If we can't kill her, we will entrap her forever.


Orc-ish blood.


(singing) I'm on the couch tonight! (laughter)


Matt, I'm putting Frumpkin in this corner.


Can we put the goliath on the carpet so he doesn't kick something or be himself?


Are they carrying weapons of any sort, or vestments or jewels?


It was really weird, but it's fine. I told you I'd be fine, and I'm fine.


Well, there's that board on the wall. Has anything new been posted on the board?


Dude, thank you for that. Because of that, I regain hit points equal to my warlock level plus my charisma modifier.


Yeah. Yeah. I have a feeling she pulls our fate strings anyway. She'll make sure we get there.


Dance it out of there.


Is there, do we see anyone else in any of the cells?


Can I peek my head back in and do a...


Pretty good, yeah.


All right, what is it? Does it look like good smoke or bad smoke?


I like it! I know, yeah, I'm into it!


We don't have flowers.


She's like Miss Trunchbull from Matilda.


The Marduns.


I'm going to tag along beside her. Hey, do I see any other goblins in this bar?


Wilhand, just give me the bottle, take it easy.


Green, red, black.


Oh, that's a good question. Conjure Barrage is-- dexterity save.


Keyleth bows and I take Vax with me by hitting the back of his knees.


I did not see a bowl. I made a perception check.


Let's take a look at the Wind Wall.


Should someone stay up? Well, I was thinking someone should keep a lookout on the roof of the inn in case someone comes for us while everyone else is out.


I can do a lot of stuff, man.


K-A. Other door. But make sure there's a rope.


And I feel like we've grown so much as people, and you guys are family. You're a family to me. And I go on for a while. Do you guys remember that time in Stillben? When we very first met, and we all didn't really like each other, and Grog, I don't think you understood me for a while.


Guys, I'm amazing!


It's just a dragon and a fire elemental. Yeah, take your time.


That's why I said we can't take that much.


No, you go to Pumat's, I think. I don't know. I just haven't split up with you a lot lately.


I can't hear any of you, so tap me if you want me to keep going: one time tap me or two times if you want me to pull Frumpkin out.


Oh god, everyone's dead.


But I think that could be a better target for your lost object spell. That's what I was thinking.


I am? I didn't know that.


I give her a hug.


Sure. I killed a marid, right?


That's true, we do. Let's be honest. We really do need a massive shake.


It's pretty good, though, I like this better than the iPad.


Their hands aren't moving into someone's pockets?


Somebody cast something, right? Does that mean somebody cast something?


Yeah, I'll tell you who's coming on by. Sure, I'll say who's coming on by. Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and Ashly Burch. And I don't want to spoil it, but Matt knows. It's different.


They did look like husks.


I did a pretty decent job, actually.


Oh right! Yeah, 14.


So we should keep to the left and head down that direction and try to--


Oh. See, I was rolling-- I understand. I was rolling it in my head differently, but we'll count it as that. I was counting it as that was my first attempts at my first two attacks and my second attempts at my first two attacks.


Where are the pockets?


(gasps) What?


Perfect.


Yeah, I'm going to practice an old trick that my sister and I have done, where I hide behind Trinket's gigantic bear ass and hold my turn and aim at the spot that my sister is aiming at.


So I'm going to shoot with sharpshooter specifically for his arm.


It's in the safe.


Do you want to take this on our ship and let them be on their way?


I'm awesome at homework and killing giant gray things. I can't remember its name anymore.


I'm all right with mine. I'm 20 points down. I don't mind being 20 points down.


Guys, I'm just gonna sing a song right now.


And his back is to me, currently?


It's a stream. It's nothing.


Isn't he just a giant head?


How long was she here?


Oh shit, I cast it on her instead. (loud thudding)


What?


That makes it simple.


I am still older than you.


None of us can do anything to help him?


Me! I'm actually a really good swimmer.


Casting it, yeah. I'm not letting it go. 19. She's got to make a wisdom save.


At least a few days.


That's another 23.


Bigly man over there, do you want a coin in case you lose your whale form?


Yeah, but it's protection. It's holding something in or holding something back. We know what that thing is with the yellow eyes but what is the tapeworm?


Of that young lady?


Don't hit any traps!


Well, our day just got freed up.


I stole this fucking scroll for you.


What do I do? What do I roll?


I hear you are a budding artist and I am, if nothing else, a supporter of the arts.


But yeah, you don't see it and you don't get hungry?


Wait, who's unconscious?


No, I mean cutting and running.


Yeah! I start searching.


(sarcastically) Oh no, I was enjoying our closeness.


Well, what do we need--


Your wife left you!


We've all had a couple of balls in our mouth before.


Ah. What are you hoping to find?


Goddamn it, I don't know that one.


This is good. This is very good.


Is it the people, or is it the fact that you have finally realized how pointless it all is? (surprised laughter)


Like a straw, and the blade is this, that's not piercing damage? There's no piercing damage. Whatever you want.


Throw down the rope! Please?


Seems like a Catholic school game. (laughter)


I got no other way to get there.


It was exciting! 24.


If you focus on Fassbender and tell him to just attack or to cast Slow, he will do that until that dragon is dead. He will just continue without you having to focus on him.


So we're close to the library? I thought it was in that area.


Sorry, Zeenoth. Sorry. God, we're such assholes.


Insight check it, can I--


I touch Percy and I cast Heal on him.


That's a pretty fucking killer twin moment, right there.


Wait, what? No, no, no! One-- Oh no, yeah, you're right.


I'm making a plan. I'm thinking of a plan.


No. I'm sure it's not.


We're not there. It's just Scanlan.


There's always tomorrow, darling.


We stood outside. He didn't talk much about it. Maybe you can find out more. All he said was that he knows that this was fate.


How much do ships normally cost?


We're on you!


What if nothing's waiting for us on the other side? Because now we're down one Heroes' Feast.


So that's-- what is it, I've never done that? That's--


Keen dagger, life-stealing.


That shitty sword that you don't care about?


Shite. I'm just going to keep trying to give disadvantage to the first attack on the manticore.


Can I Blink back in and go, stop!


The third floor, I believe.


All right, Simon Two, take this lance. We're going to go tell you what buttons to press over there, good speed-- good speed? (laughter)


Everybody who's looking for him.


You had--


Momentous occasion. Hunter's Mark that son of a bitch.


The Dawnfather, the Annoying Mistress?


Could not be happier.


I whack him. (laughter)


My perception is so low! (laughter)


Deflated a conflict.


Have we figured out how to project this on a 55-inch flat wall monitor for us yet?


Glug glug.


It's never worked.


French kiss that shit!


Right, so, look, you know.


You saw them come out? What happened?


Wait. Is that what people say about me?


And we would have been gone.


Did you have funerals for all of us? Must have taken a lot of time. Like one a day.


Twinkies? I don't think that's the term you're reaching for.


Hopefully nothing happens and y'all don't have to defend me while I'm doing this shit. That's what I'm hoping for.


Oh, sorry, Scanlan Two is also 21.


From some known community, yes.


I'm gonna take you guys--


A name. Give us a name, girl.


Does it look like a walking path? A very large walking path?


Molly, Caleb.


All right. You guys go.


Can I perception and see if there are any sort of creatures that are visible?


There's no point for sextuplets. We can't do that. That's not going to work.


That's man-made wood right there.


Right upfront.


And a 14 on the second one.


He had a message that he belted over the entire city. He said that we who live, he's showing mercy and that we can either fight or flee, and then--


We shouldn't be seen with them.


Remember how, Jester, you couldn't come back to this town?


Oh, we made the gumbo.


Cool. That's my turn.


Her name was Zuala.


This is a functional trip as well. A gentleman like Pumat Sol-- gentlemen like Pumat Sols-- would most likely-- because they understand divination, and the needs of the arcane.


And what will you give me if I win?


Sure, yeah, yeah.


(stammering) Into the wall?


Could you describe the dimensions of this one more time?


What is it, Caleb?


Jeepers! Will you warn a half-elf when you're going to do that?


They're evil! Those are really evil!


Thin as a wet toilet paper?


Yeah, so I just want to start making my way, I'm going Spider-man.


Who was Sabian working for? Avantika?


I have been working here for months. You did not notice?


Wait, do we still have Scanlan's inspiration song?


I don't know, I got distracted by the sleeveless coat aspect. That's all I heard.


Give her the works.


That bodes well.


Jesus, Matt!


Fine. I start quietly waking.


Oh I know, this is like a one-time thing for me, so I figured I'd just do it rockstar. I just want to see what it looks like.


I'm okay for now, just getting away from them has been wonderful. And I've met you, Caleb, and you don't seem to care how I look or who I was.


If you want to hang by the textile, I've taken her all the way out.


I'm trying to be creative here. Make him feel good. Fireworks. Prestidigitation.


What about you Scanlan?


And all my spells back!


You don't have--


I don't know them, but that's very-- that is upsetting.


Fuck! All right, I'll cast Seeming on you. On all of us. Because I can.


What are we talking about? Vex'ahlia.


No, that's appropriate for today.


Indignant?


In the time we're just chilling? Okay, well, I'll take a short rest.


Oh no, is it really?


I am okay with that too.


Also, there's all the other stuff that I always say.


You're holding your action until--


Okay, I’m going to... jeez, Louise. I’m going to... fly down and land on the ground as my move.


I gag a little, try to keep it down. Try to wash my face if I can.


They did? You dicks!


No, he paid already.


Not the critical?!


No, it's just on the table.


That's not true, I have.


I'm not sure who it was. But I had one returned.


Which direction are we pointed?


Also a natural 20.


Let's put her in the bag. She's made of stone!


Swamp shoes?


I didn't shoot my silly string, because it's hair spray.


I go over to take a look at it.


As they talk, Grog slowly flatulates. (all laugh)


I'm sure you're familiar with Taryon here.


No, I already said I went down.


Tri-tip, triangular-- I just hear it's fantastic, I've never seen one quite like it up close. I was wondering if I could take a look-see.


It's toast. It's actually really tasty.


What if I'm on the broom, though?


Tell you what, if I have a super-funny year, I'll make a super-funny playlist.


Oh, wow. Okay.


I sit down on a crate and I stop talking.


I did. It's still terrible.


Whoa. Has it ever worked?


That was amazing.


21?


We might've missed him if we had.


I could just take a healing potion.


Also, I'll go ahead and-- nah, nah, it's fine.


Yep, see you later.


We're that good. (laughter)


The Marrowglade Loch.


I'm going to mist down next to them.


Zephra. I want to go to Zephra. I want to get to know your father!


Scanlan. Vax.


I won't tell anyone.


Fight the patriarchy.


Did they blow it?


Are we just fighting one?


We'll hide some stuff.


How would you feel about me asking you to take it off? Doing a little unbuckling and giving it to me instead?


Make sure I'm rolling all the right dice. That'll do. That's six plus ten. 22 points of damage plus three points of necrotic damage.


I walk into the kitchen. I go, okay. Listen up! I need peanut butter, I need turkey legs, eggs, cheese. (laughter)


They are in the city.


We could go have Grog smash it down in tempo with the steps so that the sound will be covered.


You'll start with us!


What's that-- kerning? Curling.


Keep an eye on the roof, remember?


Big roll! Big money, no whammies.


Thank you, vacation Scanlan.


But your arm is probably big enough to shield me from the rain. Thank you.


I understand. I think I thought--


Don't you want her to read the note?


Hold on. I hold up Pike to go grab some fruit.


(laughs) Please be low.


No, I think the most free I've ever been is with you.


Should we try to--


I want to check the boat.


We don't even want to take an hour for me to slip this on and go see if there's anything of value?


What if I got out of the way. Could I?


Counts?


(groaning) Shit.


I have resistance to piercing.


Shush, just let him get on the boat before we tell him these things.


And anything within five feet takes damage, as well.


There's one guy holding on. I'm going to use my gun to make him drop an object of my choosing. And that object is going to be the pyramid. So just remembering how to do this.


From where I'm standing, I see Nott firing drunkenly up at an angle. I'm going to move forward, and peek up in the direction that she is looking, and see the shallow king, and say: Fick das!. I will cast Magic Missile at level three.


Take it, DiCaprio!


Oh. Ohh.


I like this idea.


Is she next to him?


This normally doesn't happen to me. I don't quite know what-- (all laugh)


Grog, know your strengths, it is your strength--


And the second one definitely hits him, too.


Guys! Anybody? Still me. (pop pop pop)


Nope, no, we got you.


What, because she's prone?


Wait, friend. I give him a potion of superior healing.


Like how? Like Cirque du Soleil?


Does it look like the same person when we look at the two drawings?


I did it, guys!


Oh, Fjord.


No, they're just unicorns.


But you get the abilities--


Absolutely, right now.


(very deep voice) I imagine he's going to tell the others. Oh, this Shapechange has so many weird things!


Morningstar to the taint.


Oh! And plus ten!


Yes, I did.


Can you say the word "fuck" for me?


In two or three miles, we'll take another check.


When you were singing, did you hear any other sounds or words that someone else was saying?


He can't hear--


Don't use the gun. (muffled) Don't use the gun.


Got to get my dice in order.


I'll just hold my turn? Is that a thing? Can I do that?


Keyleth had a bit of day.


Were we called that back then?


I've got him wrapped and grappled.


I feel like narratively, Keg is actually pretty freaked right now. Is it weird to ever give yourself disadvantage on things narratively?


So you could cast it, and then Pike could cast Speak with Dead, and it would come up into the Zone of Truth.


Is it giving me any sense of anywhere I've been before?


And you're not nearly as smart as you think you are.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (roar) With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by side-stepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, (knife scraping) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Yeah, but if the city, if the rest of them don't see him defeating Kevdak, then it's worthless. They need to watch it happen.


No! I step up from behind Nott. Thank you, dear. My assistant did as I asked. I really needed some quiet time alone in the temple tonight.


Do they still have those?


Now, again, you could say that I printed out her IMDB page and colored it in, and you'd be right, but it is also art, and I will stick by that. Now here's how this all ties into Loot Crate, guys.


Yes. We did.


I love you, too.


What a dick. (laughter)


There's another one! (all laugh)


What does that mean? Fragment of Possibility?


Incantation of Isolation.


To be fair, carbs are never really your friend, are they?


At the other imp-y thing.


(breathe deeply)


It's a 15-foot cube.


Yeah. And I'm gonna throw two daggers at him, yeah. The first one's, okay, natural 20! Wait, it's natural 20 on top of a sneak attack, what happens?


Laura, you can text right now.


I'd have liked some warning.


And will she learn from this moment?


I know, what does this mean? Oh, okay.


Up, up, up!


Do we hear the slip and the whoosh?


I got one shot off.


I said poke it. Then if they wiggle, then we know that they're alive.


It's because I called him a dipshit when he was talking earlier.


It's beautiful, once you're not screaming, running on fire, you can really take in art and pass notes.


That's really bad for him! Don't!


Okay I got you. Can Yasha use her 20 feet to move to Caleb?


And can I use my bonus action to hide? Can I try to hide?


Well, we won't, obviously, if you don't want us to, Pike.


I'll take just enough of a step back to use Eldritch Blast again and I'll fire both of them at it.


In the Feywild?


Are we attacking him?


What do we do? I think we should stop him. Should we stop him?


They're going to-- yeah.


Oh, you are too.


I've never had to think of this before. I think if we get out of this, either I'm going to need you to save me or finish me.


Then you'll help us?


Oh, they really do, that is a really good place.


So to take a long rest, I take can one hour or two hours? To still have a long rest and do stuff.


Or you could stay here and buy beer for the people who do see the shows, and you can hear all about it and pay more.


I did. I liked him a lot.


(counting) 27 points of damage.


I fly up and I grab it off the wall and I bring it back down.


Yeah. Technically only has one spot on her boat.


If this is going to make us be able to fucking talk underwater--


We have a mind flayer, we have magicians, we have all sorts of things. He is our wrecking ball. He's our way in.


Why do we need any axes?


Shit got real.


We go find-- (laughs)


Plus, who knows who could arrive in the time that we're gone.


This is evidence, Doty!


I control a little of the urine that dribbled in the hall, as well. I don't want us to get kicked out by the hotel.


Yes, the two together, but I worry that just the one piece, she could have written it down on a list of things she does not like, it's not very conclusive. But the two together.


Yep. So five.


Try it. Maybe you'll roll a natural 20.


It was in a dragon's lair! I was amazing. (laughter)


Let's go find a bar.


Do you feel drawn to your parents, though? Do you want to go?


Just one of them.


Oh, that's my mausoleum.


Does he still have Fassbender?


13 plus 11. 24.


Where's Gilmore?


Ooh! I bet there's treasure in there!


They can join us?


I didn't roll it.


Oh, that one doesn't hit. Well, probably not. 13?


Are you all wet again?


They giving you a bad feeling?


Oh god, Sacred Flame.


It's real quiet at this table. (laughter)


I mean, that key was hidden for a reason.


(singing) Oh, that girl is smoking on fire--


She was there and it looked pretty trashed. It looked like she grabbed a lot of the last of the good things.


Oh. I do remember you quite well.


I'm all right with that. Can I hear your best undead Grog?


You're going to lose your jug.


Ashley, I'm texting you right now to tell you what you did!


We're lowly humans. How did you deal with this?


Yeah, absolutely. What am I, a surgeon? I have a 3rd-level spell because I used arcane recovery back at the chateau.


Nice. No, 29 was the hit, and 31 was the damage.


Old enough to get in trouble for drinking.


Don't you have another thing?


Heard of something like that around here?


Do you have Tree Stride?


Go get some sleep. Your feathers are all ruffled.


Catch.


I'm sure they're really thrilled about that.


Just so you know Allura --


This was just our little patch. Our gnoll patch.


The farthest one, obviously.


That's going to be fun.


You'd need to use a stepping stool to do it, but you could.


See my math? I can only do half. I'm so tired.


We thought so little of him we didn't even remember his name. (laughter)


(gasps) Bro!


I'll stay. Let me back out of it.


Oh, for strength checks I rolled...


I am going to back up like five or six steps and also do the same thing Nott did.


Jarl. Maybe he was dictating.


In twos, or singles.


You want it out of the temple.


You mind blowing a little bit of money on this?


You don't know how you got down here? You didn't come to the sewer on your own?


(flashback riff)


After I shake it and put it away, I move my fingers in a shape in the air and whisper a few arcane words and cast Detect Magic within range of the gravestones.


We need to rest.


Gayheart.


So, kids don't know anything about this, old people don't know anything about this--


Do we also find a hat store?


I don't think. What are the odds, right?


5e bats--


This temple goes to six.


Evil party, evil party.


He could brain me in one shot. Okay. I will duck under the table so they think that's where I went, and then Dimension Door to the roof.


Wandering spores?!


Yeah, that's some brutal stuff.


Can I try to pick a piece of bacon off your plate?


In the walls of the city?


Sorry, salt water air is not (coughs) used to it.


Well listen, nothing gets the blood warmed like movement, so perhaps we should pick up and get going.


I have a common. Can I try giving Vex a common healing potion?


What does she look like?


Sure. Yeah. I've got nothing.


Oh my god, you did it!


I like that idea a lot. Yeah, I would agree.


I want to try to grab hold of one of those pipes and aim it toward the ceiling, if I can move it.


He's becoming a problem, though. Okay, I'm going to, if I can pull this off, is it possible that I can break the rope that I'm currently holding onto and do a little Errol Flynn like fly down to the bottom of the boat?


And if the illithid recognizes that your--


And then run away!


You can do what you want.


Or we could go to those strange buildings that are off in the northwest corner.


Once they get a little closer, let's slow down and walk to the side of the road and take a look at this.


Wait, but the Open Quay was a low-life dive, right?


It's a pretty harsh grapple.


Ja. We are good here.


I'm just telling him to encourage him.


All right, Pike, I'm done.


I'm going to finish dragging her in, so that we can fix this.


(funny accent) Diplomatic Immunity. (laughter)


Yeah, just things to shoot you in the fucking legs.


(grunts in pain) All right. That's fine. I'm going to hit him again, though, or try. That is-- I can add-- 23.


Who knew?


Fly, he can fly me.


Scanlan, there are some hurt feelings in this room, and it might be time to address those.


Where is Keyleth?


I think it's a great idea. We're gods now, we can do anything we want.


I saw that spark in the air and I start knifing right into it.


Did you say all the politicians have already left as well?


That is correct. Almost four years of D&D here. Hmm. Feels good.


We're in a room with two doors? Is that it?


All right. Is there a particular creature that you know is good at evading this kraken?


I light up my hands for light.


(laughs) Sorry, Phil.


You can't hear anything.


So business is good?


Okay, shall we go into the Victory Pit?


That was a symbol of Bahamut, and it was a protection thing that I'm sure she put up to protect herself.


Yeah okay, so I was looking down towards this grate under the water, and I heard the room go to hell behind me and hear the splashing where Beauregard is, so I move in that direction.


They don't. Trees don't fart, they poot, okay.


That's probably good, because people are still looking for it probably, so it's probably stupid that we're fucking with it right now.


We're going home, right?


East guard. (laughter)


I'm going to try and half my movement to get up.


Pretty sure it's anywhere.


Oh, it's beast killing time, yeah!


So first shot. Actually, here, I'll take all three. Actually, no, just in case something terrible happens.


Is there a magic shop?


Give it to Scanlan.


As he's talking, I throw a gold coin at his head.


Take your pants off, here we go.


Is it safe to say that they keep to themselves?


Is there any color to it, other than dead?


Good job, Ashly. Welcome to the game.


Okay, then. As he enters that space, he has to--


That's the United Kingdom.


We have to break through those first. Fireball, fireball, fireball. Breaky, breaky, breaky.


Two more people.


So what are those? 2d8?


Can I try and Lou Ferrigno those bars?


Could be good.


I wander over to the wagon and I go and sit down and start drawing, because I need to. I need to spend a little time.


Careful of traps. They're still in place.


Travis, how are you going to handle the shaft?


I didn't catch the fellow's name.


Great therapy lesson.


Good when you all are good.


(gasps) Auto-crit!


You can bring them out in front of the house if you want to. Then when he walks over we can--


Trinket doesn't have enough movement to get over by him, does he?


Yeah, Ashley!


Really bad jello. It's, like, fridge experiment jello.


(hoarsely) Victor. (laughter)


Actually, Vax, he was correct. He said your name correctly. I believe you owe him a little something now.


Okay, well, I'm going to take my cloak off and cover it.


Yeah, Molly pays the toll.


Oh, it was for the money!


No problem.


It's like when you just reach out to pick up something--


Can I do like a nature check or take note of what he said so I remember? Because that was vague.


She's clever.


Oh, look at that.


The city's going to need a black market.


Only you. (laughter)


Vex, can you do your detect dragon? Here?


You're going up.


I pull it out of my Bag of Holding.


Don't make a habit of it.


We're going to go by the board first. The job board?


Like don't run up so close, or at least wait a little bit first to gauge the beast.


Off to the races.


I-- well, let's see if she left any-- my sister looks for tracks. You really should've brought my sister. I'm going to check for tracks.


(roars)


Dwarven Forge.


It was a really good one if it hadn't been. Perception ten.


I rolled a 17 on a medicine check.


I want to pull Velora over and sit her in my lap.


I can't see it?


Mostly paper is white, too.


I walk over and just start hitting.


I don't believe that there is any kind of protection or magical lock on that. So, yeah, try to pick the lock from a distance.


Speaking of Percy and his crazy storyline--


Just tell us when it's time to kill everybody.


Which one is that? Which god?


Can you do it at a higher level?


Let us know if we can help.


I'm going to take a little niblet of it.


Keyleth-- Oh, never mind. Can anybody make it look like there's a big feast in front of him?


Should we take a short rest again? Oh, it's another hour.


Wait. I'd be lying if I said often at night when I go to sleep, your face isn't the last thing that crosses my mind. But with the weight of the world and the weight of the contact-embarrassment from our fellow party, currently, it's hard to focus on. (hesitantly) You said that when you were near death. We say a lot of things when we're near death. How do I know that's what you were truly feeling?


Nice. Right, good to know.


And look, Ashley's, like, somewhere, I can't even see.


Straight from Percival, once I catch sight of them, can I talk to you for a minute?


It's the sea hairs that squirt the ink?


And do you know who it is the Trickfoots slighted in this myth?


That's why I have my tiki mug today.


This is so awkward.


Wolves, wolves.


To Westruun. And what is our mission?


Is Lionel there, though?


(deep voice) That was real convenient, guys.


Check for some traps, brother.


But it might be a long time.


Travis is flexing his boobies.


We had a dried poo chunk.


I gather in Infernal. (laughter)


She made a clone of herself.


I can recite it for you, if you like. The next time you see a creature within ten minutes after drinking this philter, you become charmed by the creature for one hour. If the creature is of a species and gender you are normally attracted to-- turducken-- you regard it as your true love while you are charmed. This potion's rose-hued effervescent liquid contains one easy-to-miss bubble shaped like a heart.


At our Keep.


They're little.


Where are you at? Oh yeah, you're nothing. Let me do the Healing Word.


If it happens, if it comes up.


I'm pretty sure it doesn't. If I die before it's finished--


Yeah, you do. You need to sleep.


You can reply to this message.


The side? And then we walk along that side?


Wait like five minutes to let them rabble up and start running.


Okay, I'm going to tug on the rope and pull it up and toss the gem right smack-dab in the center of us. Unless somebody else wants to throw it. Eh, it doesn't matter. I just yanked it.


Maybe you can punch him with the gem.


All right. The first thing I'm going to do is deal with this skeleton that's right in front of me because there's-- actually, yeah. First thing I'm going to do is deal with this skeleton in front of me and take a slash at him with my sword. So that's-- doesn't matter, does it? 20 to hit?


We don't have to! We don't have to do it, but I do like the idea of this woman-- this woman had a job to do. It's not her fault. I'm sorry, Tary, but I do feel like we need to let her complete her mission.


In a smothering way.


I don't know, I just felt terrible.


You have to do it, right? Because you're the one releasing this thing.


Yes, and it is very sad.


35? Can I run the "west" of the way--


The bad guy.


How'd you get all the way over there?


No, I'm sorry, 30. 30.


He is something of a demigod now, you could say, and well on his path to ascension.


I think I let down Matt.


My bodyguarding doesn't do shit. Stop looking at him!


I got Grog. Fuck. Okay. I'm going to drop Bigby's Hand and Polymorph Grog into an eagle.


It's just stone.


All right. On we go.


I'm going to sit back and watch.


Yeah. Seven.


Okay, that might be a continent.


Oh, I'm stealthing onto a battlemap.


Are you talking to me or--


They're all from Lillith?


He's only rolling a d2. He's rolling a d2.


Because of Ioun?


That's another five.


We should stop by the Song & Supper Inn, see if we see a friendly face.


He'll use that legendary resist.


(whispering) Well, most of the half-orcs I've seen have bigger tusks. (loudly) It's okay, Fjord, if you don't have a big tusk! It's not a big deal!


I run out there and I grab it.


That's with your tribe.


And are they separated from where we are by hot coals, or can you walk right up to them?


How many gold is that toy?


It's spelled-- it's spelled like this. And then like it sounds.


Yeah, Allura's going to unfreeze Kima.


Yeah, we got like five horses and a cart. Two horses pulling the cart? Or two and three solos?


And as he's going, I sneak a bullet from him.


Like where we started, right? In Stillben.


I don't like her either, but I'm not openly hostile to her.


That's not very good at all. 12.


So why don't we go around the hut? Is that possible? Is Garmelie gone?


I mean, this is a matter of survival. If we do not cooperate, she's going to kill us. I'm not opposed, per se, to what went down today, but it's not what I want to do with my life. I would prefer to break away from this woman, but we're here for you right now. You are trying to figure out, you know, your thing. I think I'd like to hear from you what the long-term plan is. Are we on the ship, in the sea? Is that what you're after?


It takes six seconds to do, right?


Get that smut, boy, get that smut.


(yelling) No!


I know! She's so nice! And now we're pirates and I'm never going to see her again.


Well, you sent the kitty, didn't you?


Here is your 225 gold. Thank you for your careful inspection and repair of the ship.


Okay, all right. Yeah. Thank you for not telling the others.


It's still going?


That's Vax? Oh, he'll be fine. Okay, I don't want to be near this thing, probably. Right?


Oh, the map!


Don't we have a safe? Didn't we build a safe in our Keep?


Just some stuff.


Keg does one of these to her in support.


And there's no--


Oh, that's pretty good. That's a 19.


Oh, I'm going to move behind it then. That way. No, I mean far away from it. And then I'm going to use an action surge and start meditating on it.


Whoa, go us!


Do you want me to see through your clothes?


You know, sometimes less is more.


This would disrupt it, maybe.


We could, or Jester, you're pretty friendly. You want to see if--?


For the other Dummkopfs it's only, they can say one thing back, but you and I, we can keep going.


It would hear our voice.


Okay. Will I be in there alone?


All right. This is a commander's strike. "When you take the attack action on your turn, you can forego one of your attacks and use a bonus action to direct one of your companions to strike. When you do so, choose a friendly creature who can see you or hear you and expend a superiority die. That creature can immediately use its reaction to make one weapon attack, adding the superiority die to the attack's damage roll." So I would like to direct the tiger thing to attack the tiger thing.


Where? Awesome.


If it's all-- with your permission, I'm going to take his hands.


Well, my mom's birthday is coming up, and she really likes boxes that have-- Do you have a lead-lined box?


Teleport somewhere?


Sorry again for being a dick. I think I've been a little bit on edge with the boat.


I don't, but two of us do. Wait, do I?


11, technically.


Does he look like he has any battle scars?


Just to come back, down the road.


I should have told everyone the names of all the set plays!


Could you use it on me? Or would that ruin your books?


And I'm going to cast Detect Magic again.


I don't, I want to make an insight check. He's talking about acid reflux but he just spit a bunch of water out.


Hey, don't-- why are your eyes wandering at her? What was that?


The minimum, because someone else can heal him, right?


An animal?


You can't shoot anything?


And if he makes a saving throw of a DC 13, it's halved.


And so the object of this would be to stall, to enthrall, to captivate them as long as you can, keep talking to them, not engage in fights for as long as possible while we--


He makes tea out of dead people. I know. Like it sounds.


Psychic damage.


I'll balance one of the swords on my head and flash the cards and see if anybody bites.


Don't let them down.


(laughing) Oh, okay.


That sucks dick.


Stop! Con-cen-trate! Con-cen-trate!


To like boost our willpower or something?


Have they done a guard shift yet?


As we walk out, I just make sure the two guards are, I hope this didn't interrupt your schedules for today.


It's a 20 on that one!


A more masculine cut of this exact shirt. Not that exact shirt, but another one very similar to it.


We're stuck as bats until she lets us out?


Oh no, it's a ki point to throw it back, it's just a reaction. It's 1d10 plus seven. Nine plus seven, so 16.


She can't talk.


Just go.


I see where Pike gets her smarts from.


No. Okay? It's not.


The people who've lost their city? You're going to prank them?


I make them!


Then what's the point of anybody rolling?


He's got something!


Frumpkin's not invisible, is he?


Let's wait for Pike.


Inevitably.


Plus, it’s a really big thing.


We're going to cast Pass Without a Trace on everybody.


They're cloaking the cages. You could maybe free the people inside the cages with your magic hand thing that you do. And if their horses die those carts aren't going anywhere.


In the center, basically.


Yes. And I saved Trinket that night, and that's what Saundor saw. More than anything I just... I don't know how he saw it.


We should get our rooms.


20, plus an additional-- oh no, Hunter's Mark dropped because it's a concentration. But I am sneaking-attacking. An additional six. Oh, that's 12 then, because it doubles the dice.


Caleb. I think this is going to be where you're going to stock up on your incense and some other goodies.


But I believe it's white, right? It's a white stone?


I'm a heathen. What is dupioni silk?


This may be the alcohol-- it's the alcohol. Raise a glass, you two assholes. Here is to fucking making it work.


But I can keep running? I can run all the way up?


Hoo, yes! He's restrained.


Just pull that cloak way down.


Ooh, that's right!


That's so much more fun to wait.


Fucking hole in my pouch. Shit, how did that--


You guys, I can mend things. Thanks for reminding me on that, Molly.


Times ten? Even better.


With Sharpshooter, that's 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 19 points?


Yeah. Attacks and savings throws, 1d4.


Cannot be mocked.


Yeah but he's--


God, can we even kill people here? Will they die?


But I don't want to think about that. That's later. That's coming, I guess. That's later.


Natural 20. With Gil's dice.


You have advantage, right? Roll again!


That's the button.


Your spellcasting modifier--


No, you were up first, I insist. Arkhan, please.


So 1d12, and then we do whatever after that.


19. Natural.


Medicine, it's higher.


You okay?


He's going to talk to us.


No way at all. Reckless attack on all three swings.


Don't do that again!


We've seen a lot.


Considering your idea of "small".


Always have someone check your work.


The lead safe? Do we still have that? In the bag?


They're bonding. He's a bit adorable.


In love.


I'm not as tough as Beau.


Oh, good to know.


We already talked about that, Keyleth.


Oh, babsbabsbabs.com or @babsdraws on Instagram and Twitter. Check it out, guys!


Oh yeah, they die and they go right back to their plane.


That's going to be a 26. 27. Towards you. Towards his left. Yep. And I'll move up.


Ugh. I don't like--


Lasts about an hour, and for a while, it was really tempting, and I was looking for a moment because that's you and me, that's history. But then I did some research and it turns out that it wouldn't have worked on you, anyway, because if you want someone to fall in love with you, it has to be on a person who you'd be interested in. And to quote a very handsome dickhead we know, I'm pretty sure you go taco, not hot dog. (laughter)


And say, "Hey! Fjord, isn't this fun?" And that's it.


Enough.


Let's cut them off.


I did, I also sent you on a tour of the frescoes, it was quite nice.


And get all of 'em?


She landed in the slime.


Maybe for the future, don't do that until we tell you it's okay to do that?


I'm going to Vasselheim.


That's Frumpkin.


Yeah, which one was the old lady in?


You know what, Grog, it's been a while. Why exactly were you beat up and kicked out of your herd?


Well, that didn't work. I will--


Right before. That only lasts for an hour. Here's the thing. Do we go for the outer walls to take out the shield first? Probably. Once we go in, we're going in.


Wait, from here to the base of the mountain?


So, the ground is cursed.


That's right, that's right.


Front barrels into the door!


Mine has glasses.


Right, I want to see if I can tell if anything - I know this all looks natural, but perhaps something is fashioned to look such. I want to see if I can figure that out.


Bring me the body of Kern.


Who are you going to stealth-kill?


Just a little chamomile. It's calming. A little lavender.


We don't even have any weapons.


He was already a thrall.


It's huge!


I wanted to talk to my team. Can we talk now or talk after break? It's up to you.


D&D casino?


That's why I said send in the real Percy.


Oh, Jesus. Oh, that's good! 19 total?


I would be the furthest back.


What a dick move! What a dick move! Right. (clears throat) I, uh. I bow.


Attack the beholder when it's dropped there.


Or fruit stand. I like it.


I thought I'd try.


They don't want me.


Almost anything. Nothing too fancy.


How the fuck are we going to fight him?!


Salsa?


Um. What?


We pick up where we left off.


Yeah, come with us. Keyleth, come with us.


But what if-- I don't know. What if she corrupted something that was already there that wasn't supposed to be corrupted? What if she can corrupt more things, like our crisis orbs? I had this immediate fear that what if I built something that was supposed to help--


Tiberius is chaotic good.


Yeah? You do?!


Yeah, you stuck it into your chest.


(whispers) Sense motive.


Definitely yes.


That might be smart, actually.


Wait a minute. What happened to your toe?


Could I have used my Hellish Rebuke? If he didn't actually hit me?


Okay, let's look at these things for everybody else. Okay. Ho, ho, ho, let's Identify all this shit! I spend the next 40 or so minutes--


[no audio]


Yeah okay, I'm a little shook, it's cool.


It's a very large morningstar? Drop that. I'm going to have him drop the morningstar. Aimed shot.


No, she's got plate armor.


He can talk to me, apparently.


Made of gems or stone or bone?


(laughs) Do you want to ride Trinket for a while?


(singing) This is the age of Aquarius. That's ten points and eight. So 18.


Yay, Zandor!


Could I add one bonus thing at the end of mine?


Holy shit, aura?


Four? Four.


Oh, I'm going to use my last Luck of the day!


As my bonus action. Healing Word, so you regain 1d4 plus four hit points.


Well, you teach me. Good talk. Okay, show me what you're talking about.


So cute.


Can we help him at all?


I don't know if we're all going to live, but I think that collectively we might actually pull it off.


I think that this thing is a great responsibility.


I have a Pike one, because we haven't established what Yasha's thing is yet.


As will I.


I would like to do that, actually.


There-ish, move up a little bit. Just so I can-- Yeah, just ahead of the tree. And I'm going to attempt to cast Earthbind on him. He has to make a strength saving throw.


We could take all of these refugees with us. Don't you understand? We would be helping humanity.


Do you want to go up and see if we can find the thing up top?


I'm going to wait and try it.


Wait! Before he goes, I grab him, and I cast Freedom of Movement on him. You can't be grappled.


Yeah, he's giving it to me. (laughs)


I’ll never forget the rage-looting.


Does it last for a while?


Yeah, I think I dropped them into a bog. They didn't fit me.


Sure, so I'll inspire Grog. (sings) I need Grog to rage and get us through this semi-fucked kind of fight, baby, baby. (laughter)


Ah. I pull out the deck. So, this is-- Do you know what this is? Do you remember this?


I began modernizing the city. I have a wonderful dream of turning Whitestone into a shining beacon on the hill of what the future of mankind could be. And the first order of business, one of two big projects that we've started to bring forth our reputation as this modern city, is we've been running steam pipes from the depths through the main streets so that the snow never needs to be uncovered, so that the streets are always clean, and a few of the major houses can be heated this way during the heavy winters.


Like an hour.


Then we are as one.


Sorry, I'll stop playing.


His name was Captain Maximilian.


Of course you can.


We may have just started a revolution.


I legitimately didn't understand what you said.


Just calm down. This is mainly what I'm trying to tell you right now. Stop being so weird.


I love the shade she threw you in her spare time.


Let's do that. Let's please, god, do that.


I slowly walk around the table, thinking hard about it. And I stab Seeker Asum three times in the back with my sword.


I think it would be a half-and-half situation.


No, I'm excited to go. I want to go. We should go. You know, what we need is the wolf.


1,020 gold?


See, the last time I asked for a young boy people gave me shit, too.


That's 17. Wait, no, I think-- did I? No, I did that wrong, didn't I? Shit balls. Anyway, strength saving throws?


All right, cool.


I use my Druidcraft to take out some of my sage and light it and spread some of my sage around.


Well, you do now. I reload again and put it on his left hand.


Only because when I saw it last, it was a bit of a mess. It was a little bit Egg McMuffin, if you know what I'm saying.


The opposite direction that Fjord went. Yeah, to about there. I can't do anything for a bonus action right now, can I? I can't dodge or something as a bonus action?


It's not a very precise sort of thing, it's funny, mix things together and then it just turns out.


No, we haven’t gone back there.


I like it when he has to go to the book. Makes me feel like there's, perhaps, things he doesn't know.


Natural 20. Easy. Or a six.


Did I get an attack of opportunity on it with daggers?


It's mainly for drinking and such, but are we all done?


Do not criticize new management until it's had time to take full effect.


We should talk to her, but if we wake her up he's going to be mad. I guess we have no choice, we should talk to her. She's a dwarf? Do you speak Dwarvish?


Excellent. Ja. Here you go.


We'll be dead. We'll be dead before we leave.


Old habits, they die hard. Nine points of damage.


Great pizza place.


What didn't cut through?


Are we going to kill them?


Oh boy. (all laugh)


Why is Vax holding on?


Wait, did you roll a 20 and an eight?


I don't think we should go. We either go back the way we came, or we camp before going forward.


We're going to mansion. It's 2 00am. It's time to mansion and go to sleep.


Well, it needs to be one of you two.


Are your Titanstone Knuckles exalted yet?


Oh yes, because they need it to get down here as well.


So we're going to drop a Loaf.


You're not the only one. Caleb is going  one gold, two gold, three gold, 60 gold.


With you at the top of one hill, if we get you some cover, and you at the other hill, if we give you some cover, giving you both some distance, the three of us getting into the middle of it, coming at them at all sides.


Peanut butter and playa dust, though? Nah.


Yes, based off of real events that happened in real life and in game.


I'm reaching out and clasping Vex's hand as we run forward.


How many enemies are we talking about fighting, as well as him?


That's us!


Are there dress shops open? At all?


T-shirts!


We can get information from her first. We don't have to necessarily always give information upfront to get information and we can always lie.


Yeah, I cast Disguise Self and I turn back into that-- black cloak with gold trim, the long black hair--


Orcus?


Do I have what I came for?


She didn't say much.


I've actually had a lot of rocks that are friends.


Yeah, I don't like contracts. We already gave our blood to this guy.


Guilted it for an imaginary bear.


Yeah, hyuck hyuck hyuck. I'll take that 16.


That was a huge roll!


3d8 damage?


Totes.


That's 30 feet?


I'm going to continue further down the wall towards the evil orb of death.


All this love for me, I'm flattered. And I would like to use all three of my frenzied rage attacks against the bear.


Fuck you, Percy, you're not here!


Yeah. I'm picking my spells because I haven't done that yet, but yeah. We'll poof!


But I can change my appearance.


Okay! Thank you, Gil. 19.


Let's get all up in that bad boy.


Actually, while you're here--


The rest is history?


Pike, Grog, and Vax.


Not transcontinentally.


Well, I'm going to Luck that sucker.


Yeah. I would have gotten an undead ping from any of them. I didn't get an undead ping?


Well, I only do one thing-- (yelling) I go into a rage! And a frenzied rage! And I take out Craven Edge, and I say, how do you feel about dragon?


While I start to enjoy my apple, I would like to look around and see if there are any book stalls or book barrels.


I'm so acrobatic.


Yeah, fair enough.


All right, so I stroll over back to the cell.


That's ears.


That's probably what they were looking for.


Just shoot him wherever we need him to drop, and (pfft).


Really? You want to get them together? Then let's do that. All right, fair enough. Let's get them together.


Does the grass seem angry?


The game before we came here. After they saved the kingdom of Eman, the sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei III, as part of his gift to the group for essentially saving his family and the city itself, had a Keep constructed for them, and took about six months or so, and the Keep was finished, and then the party's first session was them finding who they're going to hire to take care of the Keep for them.


Yes, of course.


Somehow you made that less sexual than I could've ever imagined. Is there-- Grog, what's the term for when your penis is inverted? The opposite of a boner?


That might happen if you're not careful.


I bring out and put on the goggles.


Yasha fought a ball of lightning, but everything's okay! She's good. We're going to get some tea, though.


Yeah. Can we see him walking towards it?


No, no no. Okay, wait. Books?


Is the range a radius?


Do you know the Iron Shepherds?


Your right.


What are you doing in here, why didn't you come down with us?


Should I pick a random page?


We also need supplies.


It was a big fucking bear, yeah.


We've just done a lot of good to the ruler of Emon.


Well, then what the fuck?


Yeah, you did that, though.


While all of this is going on, Beau wants to be going through some of these books that were on the shelf that we knocked over.


Just, can you point me in the direction of the spa?


We can totally take this guy. Fuck it. We're not going down.


Make it poop on her finger.


Have you spoken with a fire giant before?


I'm still in this wonderful therapeutic chair.


How much do the stakes weigh? Like each stake?


Yeah! If you're in Puerto Rico, come see us. We'll be there, totally sleep-deprived and bushy-tailed.


It's so quiet in here.


We know that it's acid?


Oh, we get advantage? No.


Is this your #blessed?


So you're pretty anxious to go, then, yeah?


Hello. Have you gotten bigger?


Great. 26.


Yes, Grog.


14. Yeah, I'm good.


Have you fought a werewolf before? Have you fought a lycan? Is it just brute strength?


Snack time.


I am assuming he had a goblet on the table.


(Grog voice) Those shoes suck.


Probably way more than 50 gallons.


I burp, and I get a little bubble?


Oh no! And where did they take you from?


I fly down and I grab the Immovable Rod.


That's another 16.


Oh, wait! I didn't-- Hold on. Hold on. four.


I'm un-attuning the Bracers of Archery in order to attune to this ring.


Fuck! Fucking shit! (cheering)


A lifetime ago.


You're great! You're money. You're good.


I'm just wondering what more you're going to find out from a flyby that I couldn't find out from my vision.


Okay, I cast Wall of Stone, but right over top of where I see that lip. But I don't want to bring it out far. Just like, halfsies.


Well, I'll let Fjord finish. But I have a request as well.


The glass door that is partially destroyed that won't lower.


I'm sorry, I hold my action and my movement. And instead I will inspire Grog with a little harmonica ditty. (harmonica)


Well, maybe we can find some in Shadycreek.


...I don't understand how these things work. I'm so sorry. Where do you wish me to go?


We're going to have them chase the escaped prisoners.


No! Probably not so much like that.


Oh Jesus. I will run through the swarm of insects, and bonus action disengage from them! I don't know if that works!


If you're going to plant them on anybody, Vera would be a good candidate.


Do you want to what?


It's two pieces.


Can we hear each other through the glass?


Okay. He's dreaming of pain.


He's literally eating raw meat and blood.


We're going to need you to send a message to Yasha. Do you need to know where she is to send that message?


What was it?


This is the first time they're really focusing on female stormtroopers, so it's pretty cool.


Immense?


Aes ain't here right now.


What's a president?


It's eight, plus proficiency bonus, plus her spell bonus.


I think it's a terrible plan.


In the tavern room?


And I'm also... not from here.


Vex, this collar is so big.


We have seen these things as far south as Trostenwald. Further even.


As soon as I see Keyleth go off, I rub my ring and go invisible.


I don't see anything. I look around?


I think it will. You can actually leave the smile out of it this time, just to be clear.


Wait, what are you again?


And this spot was written by Sam Riegel.


You also have to get in in order to rent the room.


Let's go, then. You don't say one word. No, you shut up.


What's changed?


Oh, for gods' sakes.


I'll stealth ahead and look around.


This is a part of our Vox Machina hazing. This is what we do!


Would you like to come into my place? It's a little modest shack that I've been working on.


Well, we want to be able to carry them so if we have some small bags maybe?


Cover him up!


I love how well your shirt and your hoodie match your hair.


If we don't come back, save Vasselheim on your own and the entire world.


9, 24, 34, 38.


Well, all right, didn't know if we wanted to sleep in the bubble, but, you know--


Hi! Hello!


Sharpshooter shot. That's 22.


Oh, we're both ducking now.


Oh, yeah. Not only should we back up a little bit, except for me, we should also have an area that we're going to run to, right? Because I'm sure this will bring the noise.


Yeah, okay.


I'm up for it.


'Sup, Nott Bran? First attack. Okay. 16?


I'm at 12 hit points.


That's always a bummer, man. That sucks.


I could hold you and you could do the dog paddle. Have you ever seen the dog paddle before?


Dead talk?


That I actually threw out because I fixed up my notes. So I don't have the piece of paper in this world binder.


Thinking about shit.


We overslept!


You can admit it. It's okay. Come clean.


Okay. They're further than six miles away.


It's going to be epic.


I spit on Tiberius's head and rub it in vigorously.


You know, this reminds me of the stuff that I used to read back in school.


Let's just go home. Fuck it.


(choking)


What does the Gentleman have to do with this plan, though?


Yeah? No, I know, I'm your second choice--


Yes, and don't--


Yes, I forgot you can talk.


Let's head that direction.


We have greater restoration from Pike, and she can cure --


Hell is tearing this team apart.


They may have tomatillo, I don't know.


A little mutiny, eh? Did-- Hmm. Interesting. No, that's all.


Yeah, Scanlan took a little beating as well, didn't you, Scanlan?


Yeah, but you're weak, aren't you?


It was 3000 count Egyptian.


Since it'll just be up there and it'll be natural to talk about this subject.


How about this  we'll tell them to give us the chef's choice. The special.


What else do you have, though?


Your tiny feet.


Were you there for that fight?


Yes. She is my elder.


I'm just going to go out and say we're probably going to die, guys.


Well, I could do the same thing that she did.


He's dehydrated.


You have to ask, then--


If anyone asks where Horace is, what happened to Horace?


And I totally spend the next hour giving joy-rides to anyone who wants to.


Everyone--


What? Wait! Really?


So there's fire. So what?


What would I wish for?


I wouldn't advise that.


Good job not getting stabbed, you guys, because this is sharp-looking.


With gentleness comes clarity. You touched him, maybe if you'd've shaken his hand.


Yeah, the two gnomes go. They're not very intimidating.


I know. So dumb.


You didn't even get healed! (panicked gasp)


You know what? We don't have time, so maybe we can just hop into the mansion.


He was a vampire.


He's already here.


She can't really do anything because I used my action. She's just going to stare at Avantika.


Are you down?


They braid your hair for a bonus action.


There's just so much to read.


Ah. Well.


Just live! You'll see!


Be cruel, Matt. Do it.


There is going to have to be some coin, of course.


Get it, Vex.


Like, continental, or like French toast?


So we will continue that throughout the weekend, all the way up to Monday.


What's going on, Matt?


We're in a freaking--


I walk away (coughs), coughing (coughs), trying not to cry. (coughs) I take my tankard and splash it on my face. Oh, it's just ale. It's just ale. (sobs)


Wait, was "alive or not" a joke? I always get confused when people use the word "not" in a sentence. Was that supposed to be a--?


Let's start walking!


Okay. Well, there's "no" really anybody else, so I'm going to...


Is this what confused you and had you running out the door?


Look at that!


I'm going to have the severed head of your father talking to them.


Poop. So we can probably--


No fear, no poison, advantage on saves, isn't it?


Is that a possibility?


20! With our boost.


But they're little.


What is your names?


Okay, and Trinket rolled a-- like a four.


Hah!


Believe me, I know. 17 with the fire damage. First one.


I'm going to have to improvise. If they can all be clumped together for the best, but I'm going to wait and I'm going to call it in the moment, if there's two together and not three, I will go for two. If all three are together, great.


That's what I'm wondering.


There's a big gate or door at the front?


Who's blind?


It was invisible.


I just like the bushes better.


(Trinket groans)


Oh, that's a good one.


Also, DM--


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream: a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were the best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roar, crunch) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Or festive.


Would it be in this plane or another?


I feel like I would have abstained from the ten-minute group hug.


(singing) How do I say goodbye... shit. To our sweet, innocent harbinger of death fallen angel? On NBC you play a geek, but you're a real one here with us every week. If we get to visit Xhorhas, I hope Blindspot will let you play. But until then, I hope Patterson dies every day!


We'll need all of that above and a little bit more.


No. She's not a married Marion. (all laugh)


Hashtag no more blessed.


Come on, baby.


I have to go to her aid. How close are the skeletons that are approaching her right now?


No! (group laughs)


100 gold? Is that all?


Little busy.


Right, just a sip.


With little toadstools.


We-- all-- here. You look great! That thing looks so heavy!


She's a tiny full-grown person!


He's cleaning your things.


Well remember, there's a tunnel on the other side of camp. They could run that way as well.


Okay. Is anything within five feet?


I don't want to send it to the Hells.


What came back?


Playing the kenku?


Hey, you don't have to DM the Mansions for once!


No. I'm going to my room.


Okay, well I had the thought of maybe I could attempt to get them to attack each other.


Yay sponsors!


Do you carry a smell bag?


And if we fold, do we start over?


Oh. I'm a believer. Can I try?


So we're going to backtrack the way we came to that war camp road, yes?


We play hand slaps. (impact sound) Fuck. Claws catching every once in a while.


I'll cast Fly, then.


We don't have it now.


Wait, he's calling in backup? Shit.


All right. Did you eat some chicken? Have some chicken. Put some meat on your little bones.


You're went 100 feet up, Travis? Grog?


Who are you people? Let me go! I'm innocent!


Yasha and Beau.


On the first one. Second one.


We're going to leave them on pre-order until Monday night, so if you're watching this on YouTube after it's been aired live, you've got until midnight to put in that order.


Febron, do you have any cups? I don't want you to--


Anything for you and for the 600 gold that that I put on your fight.


All four symbols are the same on all four banners?


Not Drez Vina.


It's so pretty.


You're so pretty and clean.


Just 30 seconds before we go in, I'm like I should have the book. I'll carry the book in, give me the book.


(singing) Celebrate!


We're back, guys. We're back! [end of captions]


I bet something still worships it. And that thing could come back and be mad if we take it.


Just get what I need, will you?


We've never fought like a full realized dragon, correct?


He's a dick to her, and now he's angry about it.


What's that charisma score, again? Where is it?


Or are you going to become like a god or something?


Oh, plus 2d8 for the fire damage.


I say  Thanks for the warm-up. And that's my turn.


It's the best shirt.


You mentioned all the sanctioned shrines. Are there any unsanctioned shrines?


So many. Six.


Molly, what else do you do around a hot bath-spa-place?


The massive gash across my entire body, as you stand there for 30 seconds, starts to close.


Very broody.


Ooh, who knows what it'll be.


I'm going to raise the flag?


Yeah, I go, this looks like a lot of fun. And I go and I slide.


No, just me.


I don't know if that bone's supposed to be sticking out of that part.


Your mustache is traveling.


Aoo, ooh, shh.


Oh no, Taliesin...


So what did I just get hit with? 70 points or something?


Oh okay, good.


I take a knee. (groans)


(similar accent) Critter.


We can take these guys, I'm not worried about that.


You were. I was not.


I go around the other way.


Thank you. All right. I'm spending the last of my Grit to do yet another head shot.


I don't want him to see me.


Oh my god, this is awesome.


God, what is she doing?


I wonder, do they attack things? They seemed really fast, right?


Oh, what if it's a big scary creature, not actually a tree?


Can you stop flirting with each other?


Sunlight and water.


Ah, there's so much blood on this fucking dagger. Ugh.


Oh no, the animals!


I was gonna say, can I go over and heal Grog before we end?


There are things that have been released upon this earth that will burn everything. And they will make their way here. Draconia is gone. Tal'Dorei is gone. All swaths of civilization have been wiped off the earth.


Okay, well that misses.


Oh Jesus! Keyleth, I'm sorry.


Yeah, could we find a dragon who could fight for us?


Can I use my movement to go along the back edge of the cave as far as I can? Directly opposite from my family.


Okay, that is... I roll a d20 and then I add what? My spell attack bonus?


Directly to the temple.


I feed him a piece of chocolate at that moment.


We get down on the ground and go under.


It's a tank.


Weird now!


Halas.


I mean, on the 3rd.


Could we distract them with maybe a Thaumaturgy or Spiritual Weapon?


(deadpan) It's going to blow you away. (laughter)


Tell it.


Yes, we have. Yes.


So after we eat all of this food, we are cured of all diseases and poisons. We become immune to poison and being frightened, and all of our wisdom saving throws have advantage. Also, our maximum hit points increase by 2d10.


Yeah, we can fly down on flying brooms.


That's slow.


Can you shoot him again?


Yes. Or you can be hidden away in a prison for 37 years. And that's not life, child. That's hiding. Don't hide.


Does your full name fit into a tweet?


How did you know about us?


I'm going to take a little bit of the tea out of my pocket. I'm going to try and get a bloom going on my staff to try and get a flower to start going on. If I can get something to start going a little bit. It may not be temporary, using the Decompose. I don't know if you'll let me do that.


I'm rather winded, actually.


Why does this keep happening to you?


She doesn't know me like that. It's not real.


I rolled a one. No pants for me.


Great game!


Oh, and I'll turn around and I will heal Gern, because he's not doing great. With my bonus action, at a second level, I will cast Healing Word, and I will sing to him again, because he loves it so much.


Like a Flintstone's vitamin. Except it's assassination.


No, 19 plus-- 26. My athletics is plus seven.


Well, he will agree to be indisposed in conversation with me. I'm Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. And I'm here on the business of Whitestone.


All right, I'm good.


It's been five or six.


Feel the Gern, feel the Gern.


Well, that's probably true. Thank you. You take the two medicine packs and then--


I walk in the opposite direction.


Darrien Darriton? Sam: Tary-ann-- Taryon Darrington.


Sam. I'm using my first Luck of the new day. Okay?


Let me see if I can find a boat that would accommodate all of us and see if we can find some amicable people.


Beau lost at arm wrestling?


That hits; that's 20. That's five points of normal damage and five points of radiant damage.


I mean, (sniffs). Yeah, that's a sign. You got hit. You're pretty fried.


I'd say burn it down, but, you know... (singing) under the sea.


You know, Keg, I feel like we don't need a man's approval for a plan, necessarily. [cheering]


It can be destroyed. It has 20 hit points and an AC of 20. Is it limited by the size of the creature?


Oh wait, no, I wasn't adding the seven. Wait no, that's a lie. That's a 15, 16, 17, plus five. 21.


An inch?


You're not groggy at all, you little--


(printer noises)


Do I get to make a perception check through Frumpkin's ears?


I want to hear some 1988 phone voicemail message thrown on top of that.


Can I hear the little discussion, anything?


More people.


We've gone through the Sun Tree or not?


18? That's my armor class.


Yes, papa.


Are we allowed to open the small one, too?


Around this way.


We'll all pile into one room before we separate for the night.


Surveying the field, trying to make some decisions.


I tap Beau on the back and make her bow a little bit.


(gasps) That's what was happening to Toya. Maybe all of you.


We can do things. How long of a ride is it to Kraghammer?


Plus the what?


An automaton.


He's pretty stealthy.


Shit. Sorry, guys!


Are we waiting?


Okay. Oh, I reroll ones and twos. Nice! 22 plus one point of necrotic. 23 points of damage.


And we need enchantment.


Anybody looking at us as I turn around?


Most of what I do is long and hard. And my thoughts are still: fuck you, no way, fuck off.


All right, so I'm gonna try to use, I guess athletics is what I would do.


Bro. We're gone.


I think--


Okay. Yeah, okay. This'll be fun. I'm going to-- Let's try something weird, I like weird.


God! I would feel worse if your shopping trip hadn't gotten me so much more tortured yesterday than it should have. I don't feel that bad. I'm going to be honest.


Well. Perhaps we'll meet again in different circumstances.


You just leave them dead?


-- out of someone's ear.


I could, yeah.


For a lever or something.


I'll aim on the far side of the beholder.


(murmurs) He's a Spireling!


And cold damage hurts more?


I'm gonna Grasping Vine JB as she starts to run off.


So weird, you pickpocketed the thing that wasn't even expensive.


Ashley, Matt is whispering in Taliesin's ear, just so you know.


I'm having Raishan flashbacks.


Let's talk to Pike. Let's talk to Grog. Let's see how they feel.


Can I drop off you guys?


Sure, her name's right here. It says "Meet the Captain, Avantika."


No, we have servants that do that.


You said 120 feet away?


Hey man, I look like a snake person!


Trixie's got a big bushy tail, and a cute little-- do you want to see?


A bat.


What? Percy--


That's why we stay under the city. That's what I said.


You don't necessarily want to tell them things. You want to talk to them and learn about them.


Come on! Get it! That's good!


Incorrect.


Can I see anything? Can I ricochet an arrow to hit?


Kim Kardashian's fantasy wedding cake here.


Yes, we're on a very important mission, and we thought it might be the quickest way to complete.


Always stealthily.


We're going to Vasselheim soon, you can cut down a lot of trees there. It's cold there, they could use the firewood. Soon.


Do we need a shingle to put out front?


You going to Time Cop that shit?


Just some sketches.


Oh, yes. We are part of Avantika's crew, but humble servants in her adventurous adventures. I am-- some call me Gilligan, others other names. I present to you this dried meat of the harpy as a present for you. Harpy jerky.


Twiggy says  The time to be bold is now! I'll run up and touch the same spot she did.


Six, four and six?


The weird part is it's not in his crotch area.


All right, I got it.


(whispers) Money pot? (louder) It says, "Money pot!"


We’re going to name it Caruso.


On our end, there's a big chasm over here, and there is a path on the other side of it, but we'd have to get over the chasm.


I'll wait for him.


That was good. I think that was pretty good.


I don't know if it's entirely fair, but I can't shake it. I don't know that I'm willing to let go of it yet.


Your captors have been defeated.


Jorge, any traps, contraptions we should be aware of as we're heading out?


I'm going to look for anybody walking by. Is there anyone nearby?


How much is a little bit?


But I got you in the door, right?


Poovah. (All laugh.)


That was a great jump for me and my character.


Are we in difficult terrain here?


Help. [background music]


Does it look like he might be my son? (laughter)


But it's like Godzilla, right? It's like (groaning, thud).


Can we get inside of it? Is there anything to see inside of it?


It's gonna take time. That was just a little manicure that we did real quick.


Can I get like a glimpse of it before I run in on what it is? 27.


Caleb seems very comfortable. Since it only fits a few folks, I--


Fist to the skull!


We do have an offering for you.


Do I have advantage on attack, or no?


Ooh! Yes!


Yasha will run, clearly disturbed by Fjord being lifted into the air, and will certainly make two reckless attacks.


Or maybe if we see that he has it then we can challenge him to a game of cards?


She wanted to do 1,700?


Pike got a five. Vax got a 20.


Wait, you're going to jump the fence? No, this is a distraction. You're not supposed to jump in the--


I'm reaching down to help her up on the top of the wall.


Ah. Yeah.


My concentration save?


I'm so fascinated by Vasselheim. I have so many interests that I feel it only proper to go back and turn myself in to the authorities for punching one of the guards in the face and take whatever punishment they have for me.


Well, if I move it's going to attack me.


A cleric kissed her!


We're fine, Fjord. Everything's fine.


Well, I don't know, but it's better live bait than dead, right? At least when you fish.


We need to work on that, Percival.


We can see now or try the other way.


At least two eating.


Oh. How nice! What do they look like, these buttons?


If we howl, right?


We'll resuscitate the kraken if it comes to it.


Bruises on her arms.


You said his con was good?


I'm going to commit.


Jesus. That far away?


Doesn't it?


I leap forward again and try to throw my thumbs into his eyes.


Don't forget about Kibble.


I think we should probably try to observe the things that are flying around the tower.


It's 1 00 in the morning.


Oh yeah, Grog?


Oh, well all right then. That didn't really occur to me.


Yeah. But again, dude, thank you for coming on.


No, the seed. The little bean.


I'll keep it in this pink bag. It's very discreet.


Oh, where do you see that? Oh! There it is. Thank you. 19.


Jesus. Can it see me? I'm right under it.


The rat takes ten points of frost damage.


I have free will and I could follow you. Just say, "Follow me."


Yeah, this is totally thought-out.


Yay.


I'm offering safety for your facial hair for perpetuity.


(singing) It does! 14!


How'd you sleep, Jester?


There's an old cemetery?


Boy girl, boy girl, boy girl.


Also, Halo 5 is out this week, which Laura and I are in. It's amazing.


One. Two.


Five gold?


Okay. But hide it well. I'll hide the hole so that we tell them where it is.


Why are you going all catatonic on me?


Not a sneak attack, because she was looking. Oh boy. That's ten, but it's a crit. Does that do anything?


So I made it?


Ooh! That's good! That's a 17!


-- and fiends.


L'chaim!


Sure. Since D&D is such a dorky 80s thing to do, I've composed a dorky 80s jingle for D&D Beyond. (cheering)


It's kind of small, isn't it?


No, I do not, but--


(snickers) You have the helm.


Do you even lift, bro?


The trick is, we don’t know how much the total is.


Hey, guess what though? We've fought many dragons already. And guess what, I killed one!


Rexxentrum. Soltryce Academy.


They were already in a line.


Oh! Hello, everybody.


We go to sleep--


To Grog.


Is that from my robe or is that somewhere else? No, you gave me some scroll spells. Some spell scrolls.


I shot one of my fellow goblins in the butt.


(laughs) As the crow swims?


I think we should all rest for a moment. I think Vex'ahlia and I should go out for an hour or two, just to see which direction-- I mean, they are not going to back to Emon.


Ja, okay, I shrink inward.


Really, don't.


You took care of the problem.


What's going on, Percival?


If you'd like to. I'm feeling a little bit Pike-sick right now. I could concentrate very hard.


700 gold.


Before we go, I'm going to pull Caleb aside.


No, it's really not.


Different sword.


That was damage. And then the second attack hits. It's a 31. (counting)


Yeah! Kill all of it. Kill the fog, Kiri.


We have his eye in a box. It's powerful and intelligent.


Which, I have Planeshift if all goes terribly wrong.


I'll keep an eye out for things that you would like.


This is most intriguing. I hope we would be able to interview your previous compatriots. We'd like to know what they saw before, what we might expect.


Who was the guy who first showed us around the city?


What do you mean?! Wait, wait. Where is my-- where's Craven Edge?


Do we want to stay the night here?


There he is. (all cheer)


We'll probably do a rebroadcast of all the episodes.


It was a heck of a scream as you went down.


Gnomes, it's tricky.


Well, if it's dark--


High-school Spanish.


How well stocked is this kitchen? Is it stocked at all?


One of these guys?


That's a good way to go.


Do you have a tome at your place that has the Incantation of Isolation?


Now I'm kicking myself.


My Hunter's Mark is in there. And then I'm going to try to do it again. I'm going to try to do the same thing again. That's fucking cocked. 28.


Like a good 50 feet.


28. Second is a one.


Tight. Cool, that is a four.


We're all going to get out of the chamber.


What all has it told you, Grog?


What if it does, you guys?


That is a big question mark at the moment.


I know that I've made that trip. How far is it from Zadash back to the northernmost part of the Menagerie Coast?


Why don't I help him fight it? I will cast Suggestion on Grog, using my last level two spell. And suggest that he think long and hard about maybe fighting back against this sword. One more time.


Whitey? Are you calling him Whitey as a nickname?


What is this madness?


With my Mage Hand, from far away.


Of course they're bullshit, they're fucking cards.


And can I inspire myself?


Yes, D&D Beyond wanted to announce that their 826LA donation campaign has officially come to an end, and they've raised $11,400 for 826LA based on 114 natural ones rolled through the end of June. We are terrible, but our bad luck is the kids' good fortune. The main thing that people have been wondering and talking about on The Facebooks and stuff is the new baby. Travis and Laura aren't here, you guys might have noticed, and everyone's like, "How was the birth? How did it all go down two Thursdays ago?" So I have taken a little license, but I have scripted a bit of a radio play that we're all going to participate in to show our viewers how it all went down two Thursdays ago, and how the birth came to be. Taliesin will be narrating, I will be playing the role of Travis, Marisha will be playing the role of Laura.


Nobody has.


And then what? Then we all have to leave.


You want me to check it?


Go ahead. No.


Oh, pretty good. Straight intelligence, right?


I heard. How old was she when she left?


Where are you at, Jester? Hit point-wise?


Okay, I go over to the rope of the sail and I pull it tight-- and the jib-- I don't know. I do something, and I go, "Fjord!"


Hey buddy, whatcha doing over there?


Let's get you out here, for a second.


We're going to jump in the shat?


That's all the code we need, all right.


I'm in the crow's nest going  Twiggy? Twiggy, seriously, come back to the crow's nest, though!


Can I see it?


With the earth elemental's strength?


So, if you want to just squirt - and I do a small, little squirt-blasts on Scanlan.


These are pretty good initiatives.


These are two Cs. Or "Jiff" if you want to say it wrong. Here's how it's going to work: I don't know how to make a GIF or a "Jiff," but you fine Critters out there do. So what I'm going to do is do some movements, some reactions, some acting, and hopefully be joined by some fellow cast members. The crew's going to bring out a green screen and we're going to do this over there at this camera. You guys will be encouraged to add your own backgrounds to make this something memorable that can live online so that when you're going through the Twitters or the Reddits or the "Im-i-gurrs", I don't know what that is, "Im-gurr"?


Is it that hard to believe that maybe someone finds me attractive? (cheering)


34. A low 34.


Oh my god, these chairs are so old. Are you all right?


You have a plan?


And before I got wrapped up I said it's not immune to any-- (choking) It has no weaknesses-- (choking)


You're totally right, he has so many friends.


I switch my robe.


I don't think any of us would-- well, Percy, if you'd like to stay and rule?


I will try to stabilise Caleb using no--


What was he named?


Could I--


Worth it! Fucking worth it! I'm feeling it. I'm feeling the vibe: the vibe was that it was worth it.


Every time I break it out, I'm like, I should never do this. (all laugh)


But some are left.


Did we get the platinum from the bank, if I recall? I'm trying to remember.


I'm not even saying look in it, let's take a look at what it--


I am stowing away the journal in there.


It's like public debate in high school.


Well no, I remember some of them.


I don't know what the fuck to do.


That was worse.


Why don't we let Seeker Asum finish?


Now we can run.


I feel better. That's all I needed.


She was trying to set us up in this trap. You do understand that?


I guess I was out in the courtyard, trying to help the cattle come in.


Prucine.


The world.


Just roll really high both times.


I like "siggle."


That's better, that's better.


Once one more is dead, they'll probably all attack.


I don't want to wait a week!


And Trinket gives amazing massages.


Did I say it right? By Chris Gladis and then we turned it into this graphic, and so it's really gorgeous.


Okay. If I step out from behind the tree, do I have a sight on the big one?


That sounds like somebody that I would love tremendously.


Oh, jeebies.


Yeah. I vote for sailing up outside of the wharfmaster area, taking a little skiff in, just getting some crew and getting the fuck out of here.


Yeah, go Vax.


Natural 20, but it becomes 18.


Way to slack off, Mercer.


Scanlan needs help


I've packed everything that could possibly be used to make anything dangerous.


Oh yeah, no, I don't even know why I bothered. But at the very least, that is ten regular points of damage, two psychic damage, and six necrotic damage.


(smug giggling)


Did you guys make out? Was it really fun? Lots of making out there?


Well Scanlan, I know, needs some help, so I think we're going to definitely do Percy, Grog, and Scanlan, then, if those are the guys that need it the most.


Natural Remedies. What was the other one? Jackalwere?


And then 2d8-- seven points of force damage to him.


What the fuck is wrong with you?! (laughter)


Wait, Babenon what?


That's true. He doesn't trust Allura, she wasn't even allowed in the room to talk to us. There's definitely suspicion there, right?


So I get puked out. Can I use whatever movement speed I have left to drag the daisy chain with me away from the crocodile?


Out of their corpse?


I'll tell you what. I will use my pretty paint to paint her a really cool pirate hat that is her size. Okay. It's like this big.


Yeah. Okay. That's good.


Oh, no, I mean. Whenever. It's. You know.


Okay, so you're all right, Scanlan?


Oh, tight. Thank you.


He's being true to himself.


I guess I'll Dominate one of them. The main guy.


Palindrome, I'm guessing.


She's going to be expecting that, and it will not work.


We put her back together like we always do, but I can't get Scanlan out of my mind. It's so random, I know, but what if that happened to him and we're not with him? No one's there to cast Revivify.


No, I'm about five feet behind you rolling my eyes and doing this the whole time you're talking about dragons.


The Cantrip Gust.


Yep, I pull out the rhinoceros horn.


Are you on a vacation?


When do we get our brand?


The twins will creep - continue ahead.


There are some legendary things that I think might be happening.


Oh my god, look at that camp!


They're zombie giants?!


On the way out, I give the Sun Tree our secret handshake.


Do I get my strength back, by the way? I'm just down?


Percy--


You crit on an 18?


We've only told them about the pictures so far.


No, it's doneskies.


T minus ten minutes until he turns into a goldfish.


Wow. Really?


I owe you one.


Is that you, Liam?


Hmm. I'm curious, but let's shelve it.


No, that's really wonderful. So you want to be an actor.


Oh, that feels so good. As he's bent over, I want to--


Oh, You're gonna ask the chat room something?


Do you want to Cirque du Soleil this thing? We'll hold arms and I'll walk on the ceiling?


The world is so big.


The door is easy to see.


Well, here's my question  there's got to be hundreds of people still left in Westruun. It could take hours to evacuate a city of that size.


But we haven't seen it yet. But we're starting to go into the crystal caverns.


Does it-- It doesn't seem like it pierces any?


Don't waste an arrow.


Molly, what about you?


If it comes up, we'll deal with it. How about that?


It's 20!


(whispering) I was telling Nott that Jamedi is a dead thing. Caduceus says Jamedi's dead.


It doesn't need to be.


I thought we were going to the other place--


Is that enough time?


I want to be him.


Yeah. So that is a 32 to hit.


This arrow splits into three arrows and then-- and it's a penis.


Would I be able to tell him which way to go?


All right, then I'll go back up to the surface and report back what I saw.


Yeah. It should ground him.


He's so amazing!


Yeah. Claudia. Also skipping town.


Thank you for coming with me on that journey.


Well, apparently I am fucking terrified. I shit my pants and I can't Blink.


It really was. Second attack is a 17.


Tonight is the last night.


I'll take the broom.


Yeah, it is. The only problem with that would be we were in that meeting at well.


Ain't he grappled?


Room party!


All right, I like this. No, no, no, I like this.


Okay. Then I'm going to go try to fuck with The RZA.


With your stick. Does magic come out of your stick?


What are shitty pillows?


Okay, so that is 4d8 damage to him.


Yeah, we took both.


Scanlan, would you like a little bit of-- enhancement?


That's you, and you, and Scanlan.


Do we take the stealthy one or the invisible one?


A lot to unpack, there.


Or into the bag of holding?


All the tricks.


If the thing comes out here we're all dead so we should probably figure out a way to stop it.


I will go down as well.


I was fighting something. It was a creature.


I did. I checked for traps, right?


(sings) Everybody was grappled underwater! We're all... fucked enchiladas.


That is huge.


The mansion's considered a pocket plane.


'Sup, man! You ready for this monk retreat? Monk retreat!


Oh, I've got something in my pocket, (yells). (laughter)


It does not.


I can fly on Trinket, yeah, everybody's covered, man.


Are they going to make the next Bronies?


The only way to calm it down is if we slowly walk away in different directions. (laughter)


Where's Delilah?


I was asking out of character, but okay. Did you give me the dirty hand, ma'am?


Children are assholes.


(voice breaks) Yes. Well, I'm only 62.


We go through.


Is it a hierarchy? Is it some sort of a--


You're making it so much worse than I ever imagined.


I pour more wine for him. More wine. More wine.


Me too, man, me too. Oh, also, someone asked, who is Pike's deity. And it's Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, among other things.


Yep, I saw it.


Can I have a gull?


Is that for each person, or 1000 gold for the whole party?


Oh, I'm 19.


Most of life is so uncomfortable. Be comfortable right now.


Oh, if there is trouble, let's try and resolve it-- well...


The dialogue is to die for.


Grog, do you get any ideas watching her do that?


Does it take him a long time?


That way we have you.


It's been done, Nott.


We did take about 8 hours or so.


Why don't you four go get horses? Me and the C-man will go get some incense and stuff.


I was about to say, yeah, we put into the contract that it has the remains of the beast we take down, which we will take down.


(singing) I can show you the world.


You were reading for like 25 minutes.


Ugh. (retching)


That's so good! Plus five, so what is that? 23? 23.


How do you like them apples?!


Well, maybe there's something over here! He knows about something. Let's ask! Orly? M-m-maybe?


Oh god, okay. I'm going to taste a little bit of blood that's now in my mouth, get real fucking pissed off, and I'm going to do a Star Wars-style flourish and go crack down to the new guy.


What? This is awesome. Here, Fjord, I found a cloister of seamen for you.


What is the relationship to her, if I've just gotten next to her?


I thought I did the magic search. Fucking hell.


The Dread Emperor that we already killed.


Allhammer. Wow. I don't know.


That was so-- That was new.


Okay, I guess we should exit the mansion. And then--


Do it smart. Let's go bomb them.


Mm-hmm. It's pretty cute.


It's really simple. It goes  "Everybody people, everybody bleed, everybody need something. Everybody love, everybody know, how it go." I know it's stupid, but there's a certain Logic to it.


With my finger?


Are these monsters or beasts?


You're useless!


So we're ten feet below him?


You're weird.


That's a series of words that I know individually, but he strings them together in ways that don't make any sense.


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer’s Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it’s rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don’t pay attention to things sometimes. I’ve also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can’t help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I’m quite friendly for a Dragonborn.


Good talk!


Puny compared to mountains and stuff.


Outstanding. Jester did have an excellent question. We'll need certain remedies, especially near the water. Anything that you can provide that might put us in an advantageous position would be most appreciated.


That's all we can do.


It was that Agoura Hills earthquake.


I didn't, I just didn't need to go down there.


Oh, wait! No, that's a ten. That's right.


A wet walker!


You know what they say about guys with Bigby Hands?


This is silly.


Tracy?


Nothing perked up my spidey-sense?


Oh no! Maybe if you competed and they saw you were awesome, they're going to tell you you have to join.


We have it every year.


This is the time for an intermission.


Yeah, you should have a fancy fighting name.


Leader-slash-lover?


I'm going to the Invulnerable Vagrant!


Just the Dust of Tracelessness.


Right, it is poisonous.


I check for traps. Checking for traps.


Glasses make you smarter.


Ambush them?


I know. I've seen this show.


It's so sad. The trees are so sad.


Do you know where he lives?


Yeah. Now, that wall is higher up than it looks, so I'm really flying straight, right?


Then we'd leave one behind. Okay.


I'm gonna play Batman. And I'm gonna guess that Bane Has a Batman card.


A Mass Cure Wounds, sorry.


Right now? No, because I am with all of you, and those were just mice.


And just sort of cup and fling.


Have you-- sorry. Have you seen a small elderly-- an older gnome?


I'm coming with you to have that conversation.


I thought Odessa's boyfriend had a vestige.


The council?


I look like-- I currently look like that.


Where's the diamond?


Jarett Howarth.


I rolled a natural one, so--.


I think she's telling the truth.


I think we were saying we should probably skedaddle.


Wilhand the money.


Regret?


We made it!


You're giving this to me.


We need to set it on fire?


Refresh myself on my healing spells.


This is the cloak?


I think it was.


Eww, you could take a swim in it! (disgusted noises)


Honestly, they didn't seem that bad. I feel terrible killing them for no reason.


No, she's here.


I'm going to send him in slowly larger circles over time.


And not tomorrow please, but where do you need to go next for this quest of yours?


Perception check? Starting it off with a 19.


Even though my mantle allows me to ignore the penalties of dangerous weather effects?


What is it? 29 times two?


Oh yeah! (crosstalk)


It was worth it.


Definitely, dear.


Wow, that's an in-joke.


And I didn't think about it until we were in Scanlan's spa the other day, and you said you were really confused, and I'm really confused, and I didn't know you were confused because I feel like if I knew you were confused, then I wouldn't feel so bad about being confused because we're confused together.


I take one gem and say  This is a six-foot tall stack of paper! We're taking them!


So as soon as we get within a hundred feet of them I'm going to do Hide in Plain Sight on everybody and camouflage everybody so that they--


Why would I do that to leave the inn?


I think they were--


Is it only for that turn?


This is lame, that's a lame--


I mean, it's-- I mean. Well. It's fine. It's just. It's weird. I haven't seen her, so I don't know.


I'll turn into one of the bone devils.


Hey, bitch!


At the very least, this is a conversation of whether or not you're ever going to do business in this city again and what that business is going to look like.


Mercer, at the end of my turn, the stun fades? Or at the end of the round? I don't get a reaction or anything?


Above average.


The rocks look weird? What does that mean?


I rolled a 22 arcana check.


There's torches, for now.


Vox Machina?


Can I see that, please?


Was it just your parents and you that were being sacrificed?


So I'm going to get it on my fingers and handle the paper. So the paper smells like it was handled by someone rich.


Yeah, that's what I heard.


Some fan pointed out that I looked stupid.


I sit down next to her.


I was feeling vulnerable in the moment. It doesn't happen often. She caught me in a perfect window.


-- companion bear named Trinket, who is basically the coolest ever. And he's good at everything he does. I'm okay. But he's excellent.


I feel the same. I like that most things are better now. Not everything, but it's a brighter world, even for us.


So that's a ten. 23.


Well, I'm not quite an outsider. Yes, them. Well, we could investigate, if you give us an address or description.


It's a little bit of light, but we can hide behind something when she does it. She can poof from within the mansion before you make the mansion.


Yeah, mine are failing me.


We'll lose the boat if I jump out of the boat.


Would you like to be a rat?


That's really, really off-putting.


That's loud. We could just do Message. We can send each other a message that's silent.


Also, we've never seen the ocean.


(singing) Let it go, let it go.


(as Trinket) Yeah, I'm fine.


Does it involve shitting on a bed? (laughter)


And we'll fly the carpet back.


Yeah, I put mine on. I like it a lot.


Let me ask you something.


12, sorry.


That's more than I usually do.


Are you still here? You should go to bed.


I don't want to be around anybody else, so I'm going to flip over the lava pit and go out there.


Tary, Grog is teaching you the opposite of what to do.


Exactly! Like a lake patrol.


DM, I have no sense of where I am, because of New Jersey. Where am I on that map?


I don't know how gods work.


But there's one fewer now.


Your one busted eye is wandering.


You ding-a-ling!


It's a super muddy "ahnus."


Thank you. Any film like this is a collaborative process. I have so many people I want to thank. I'll try to keep it quick. Our cinematographer Giuseppe Fister, wonderful work, powerful work. Our gaffer Blumpkin Styles, the most daring in the biz. Our sound mixer Randy Cockburn, didn't think you could pull it off like that. Best boy Mike Litoris, I can't believe I found you. Our producer Willy Stroker, you've got a finger on the pulse, sir. Casting director Ima Dumas, and of course my agents at CAA, Amanda Hump, Keifer Comings, Dickson Beavers, Harry Sacks, Otto Beemakraken, Wilma Fingerdo, Irma Wanker, Drew P. Winer-- oh, I'm sorry, Drew P. Wiener, thank you all for believing in this project. Also, my inspiration, my mentor, Hugh Janus, Mr. Janus, wherever he is. I think Hugh Janus is smiling down on all of us tonight. And of course, D&D Beyond, we did it guys! It took three years, but we did it. Thank you.


Was he an evil baby?


Just a random field?


(sing) You broke my will, oh, what a thrill. Goodness gracious, great balls of fire!


#blessed


They're already here.


Yeah, it was about four or five months.


None of our magical works against-- you know what I'm going to say! I'm speaking Draconic again, sorry. (laughter)


Can I do War God's Blessing from where I'm at?


Yeah, same one I hit before. 15 again, no fire damage.


Shut up. 12.


You got a number.


Is there like nothing friendly in the Fire Plane?


And he should be knocked prone--


I'm personally thinking that an undead army of cannibalistic dwarves would be very appealing if I were starting an assault on a city like this, and I would be heading my city in that direction to raise a bunch of undead cannibalistic dwarves. That's my vibe.


No, no details. I knew this man very well. He was almost like a father to me, and I never saw him holding anything like this. Not that I remember. Do I ever remember seeing anything like that in his quarters, in his offices, anything?


Like me.


This will allow her to paint a door and there to be a door. This will allow her to paint a sword and there will be a sword.


Just to see if they seem like sacks of shit.


We still need to prove the book.


Anyway, who would you guys like to see play D&D with us?


The third thing is something that I want to talk to Fjord about. Because if he's that inexperienced, then maybe he should take some lessons or something.


My armor class is 19.


Yeah. I was worried for a moment there. I knew it was going to come to something like that, but Caleb pulling the trigger the way he did was--


You know, she does this from time to time, she becomes a little unpredictable, but you can't argue with the results, you really cannot.


Hi, hello Taryon.


That went far better than the village, but also that big armored bastard wasn't there.


I like that you found a goofy-looking beholder. (goofy voice) Hi!


Cassandra?


But we haven't seen it! Haven't seen it up close. Oh, Grog is scary as fuck! I'm sorry; you're scary! Okay.


It would have to be 150 points of damage. Thereabouts, 160.


And you two seem to be able to move freely, without suspicion.


I was awake the whole night.


On a Thursday?


I feel like this might be the worst situation to be in.


She's there. Does she have half of her speed left?


And the Haste is gone by the time I've gone through all that?


Ooh, just barely. 16.


Okay. I step forward.


Okay. I will just shoot him with an arrow. I'm like ten feet away?


I cast Pass Without a Trace on everyone around me, and I stealth. We're already stealthed.


Our next destination.


Cool. It's what I like to hear in life, in general.


Anything useful in the pile?


Yeah, we dive under them.


Vex did.


That's what she told me.


Guys, water isn't glass, that's stupid.


I actually make a ranged attack roll.


I don't think so. I think they're like magically minor, like a little bit magic, but as long as they're not used by the wrong people they should be fine.


You know, Taryon just gave me an idea.


Yes. I rolled an 18 and a 19.


I'm still stunned?


It's not your fault.


He dropped them off at the place--


No you're not going to take the gun!


You get a participation ribbon. Well done.


Oh man, I am going to play that game. That is saying something, because I have no time for my own physical or mental health! It's going to happen.


'I' could be referred to many people, including myself. So I am asking--


It's just a face in a giant brown--


Then let's-- We gotta go upstairs.


It's less than-- probably less than 15 of each size, less than that, probably. It was a small amount.


67?


I can't use a ki point, can I?


He was in The Stand as the Trashcan Man.


See what?


That's pretty badass.


The dungeon master is giddy tonight.


I'm not an authority. Do you spice? Spice it?


Urukayxl?


Did you see a blue tiefling or a green, sort-of-gradient-colored half-orc, and maybe an amazing-looking white and sort-of, kind-of-black, dark angel thing?


Somewhere in the middle of all that serious talk, I've pulled my sister off to the side and--


It's got that healing factor.


So that way it'll stay lit over there.


For keeping things-- alerting us of things coming here or--


I'm down. Everyone's about to hit the ground.


At least it's not gamey, it’s fresh.


I'm going to hop on the magic carpet.


What now?


Hey, you used it yesterday for no reason, too. (laughter)


And that will unleash--


Did you run out of doors?


How did you lose the hand?


You kicked his cat into oblivion!


That's where I am.


(singing) Underground!


Matching Gucci luggage?


Yeah. It's fine.


I was trying to.


Wow, I want to say it so bad. I'm not going to say it.


I'm still new.


How are we positioned, again?


Before the ones we killed, or after?


Maybe it wasn't my troupe, maybe it was our new guests, the people fleeing for their lives.


You fucking idiot.


Are there any, like, sculptures? Or pieces of art downstairs? Or desks?


Just like rehearsal.


Doty, lift me up, please.


Yeah, it is out now. Storks, animated film.


I haven't seen you do it.


Would it be worthwhile to maybe say that the little boy and the old lady were caught hoarding crops and we brought them to this guy, see if we can draw him out of his house?


It's not the size of your ears...


Well, you know what we should do? We should just tomorrow--


All right. I'll have to do it at level seven.


Your background would tell you, if you chose a background, what bag of shit you have.


One of them left. So wait. Oh shit.


Do it. Kill the guy.


I will certainly be of help. I'm afraid I can't pay for us this vacation.


All right, keep sleeping! (whispers) I mean, keep sleeping. You're safe while I'm out.


I can do Shocking Grasp as a evocation spell.


Oh yeah, maybe you should pick the lock.


We're actually quite new. Maybe you could provide one.


You are so walk of shaming right now. (laughter)


That's nice. All right. I'm so sorry. Will you forgive me?


Not sure exactly.


For anybody who reads comic books normally, you know that Wednesdays is when comic books get released at comic book stores all across the country. And if you're a big comic book nerd-- and you had a really fun comic book store-- you would go on a Wednesday night and hang out with all the other comic book nerds and have six-week-long conversations on who would win in a fight, Superman or Thor.


Pull out Mythcarver and sing.


But if it rains, Grog.


Me at 1 AM.


Oh, and Johann!


We can send a beast before, perhaps, but our travel is long. We may need more time. We have two more continents.


Should we just go to the Feed and Mead?


It could be anything.


Lambchop-looking motherfucker.


I come over and start helping him look.


So our war against the old continues.


I don't know if I'm familiar enough with it, but I'll give it a shot.


As far away as I can get, and I can go 120 feet with movement. Hasted.


Lit the houses up?


But what if we kill them now, we won't have to fight them--


Yeah, the room with the pot in it. Then make my way back to the front door, stick my head out where the guards are.


No. To rent a crew of well-seasoned sailors who know their way around the ocean.


(yelp)


About that time I light up my hands.


Do I have an action?


Did you give as good as you got?


No, Nott's paralyzed holding onto the chest.


What's an insight check?


So that plus ten for them, that was their Feast?


Aldor is--


I can't believe I'm about to say this, but let's give it a try.


So you just want to hang I guess?


16. But my passive is 21.


You sick fucks! (laughter)


Roads. It's just like roads. Off roading it or roading it?


She casted heal and I tried to talk her out of it, and I just got arrested, too.


It might help if Gilmore were to make sure everyone is on the up-and-up in this room.


He's a day longer away, and we only have three days to do this.


Why? Were you in danger?


Make him wave!


I look over at Nott.


Human shield.


Well, how are we going to go in, though? Just flying up?


I'm not really that sorry.


Yeah, you guys went through it, man. Right through it.


Boo. I rolled a six, though, so that's 11 points of damage.


Disgust?


Surprise, gents.


Keep you warm at night?


Come on, you should get over here! No rush, but.


Well, we're looking for any ally we could, and we were curious if--


Also, if you get out of range of Vex, Vecna knows all.


Oh, I've done quite well, thanks to your tutelage.


That does.


I was thinking, perhaps, you're not necessarily the person to magically augment your path.


Sounds kind of fun.


Ten gold a head.


I will turn Grog's head and point him back to the campsite.


I got one, too.


That is crazy.


Sure, I can look at them.


Yeah, man. I studied the Underdark.


Yeah, I'll take it.


That's ten points of damage, two points of necrotic, two points of psychic. And do the same. That's 32.


Wait, is he freezing the wyverns or the--


Can I bowl her down that hallway and see how many pins I can knock over? I'm just asking.


Looks like we're ahead of them in the investigation.


Do they respond to vibration? I forget.


No, this is all new to me.


That was quick. Love that one.


