Yeah. I thought of one. Oh, what?


PrimeJohn1.


Are we going to stop? We're moving?


No! No, no, no, I have so much armor.


She can read lips!


Yeah. I rolled an 18.


Yeah, now I want it.


To inflict another two points of damage, so that's 14 points of damage.


We spent hours there, no one knew anything about the old man.


About what?


I speak Clarota.


That's ten, 18 points of lightning damage. 13 points of piercing damage, and six points of psychic damage.


(shouting) Help!


I mean, it might get sent reeling, that brain.


I'm Tiberius Stormwind!


That's going to be me in a few months.


Well, we're weighing two things against each other. One is expediency because there are many people in Shadycreek who could possibly lend a sword or ability. But I think that you are correct. That there is no telling their allegiance, and I'm not ruling them out, but this person out in the woods: probably not in the pocket of our enemies. We need to come to a decision promptly.


Fucking shit mother bitch!


I was about to say, I don't think it's much of a cautionary tale, really.


Why, who said something?


All right, we go back to the sales area.


Okay, cool, then with permission from Vex, I'll put you out! And then I'll step out of the way.


Let's go. Should we go in the morning, or should we go now? Let's go now.


So do I use the higher one, or just the second one?


Bats. We're all bats.


That was the Mace of Disruption.


I'm going to use Vicious Mockery. In Infernal: You will feed the dogs in hell.


Funny, like--


Yeah. It makes sense. I'm riding in late.


Oh, we could just say somebody stole it from her. We stole it from them, we were trying to return it, it fell in acid.


I can't. Please sir, please don't take advantage of us by taking these things from us. They're too valuable, please, I beg of you.


What was your mother's name?


Oh, that was doubled? Okay.


Oh, shit! I was, too.


It's just your little staff?


I gave away my last two silver pieces, so. Maybe I can earn it back and come back later this week.


It's okay! I just disappeared 'cause I was in the shimmery. I was the cotton candy. You didn't hurt me at all.


How? You're 60 feet away from me!


She said, Fire Bolt. I backed away.


I will keep this, at the very least, very far from you.


Oh no. Seven.


Yeah, but didn't we talk to like Captain Adella and someone else? Someone gave us the news--


They're learning.


Ten feet higher than he was before?


I'll take the brown one. Yeah.


Oh. Your husband died for a good cause, thanks, bye. (laughter)


We were hundreds of feet under water.


So vicious.


We're in Vasselheim.


It's real fun to be stupid.


We technically go to the Feywild about once a year, at this point. At least, some of us. But since we are here... I'm not going to pretend I have a plan. I don't know what we're going to do. We are frighteningly outmatched.


Bear Claws?


Caduceus.


Yep, that shit just hangs out in there.


Yasha and Clay, and everyone else is singling or--?


Let's hide next to the body that we just killed so that you can try it in the cellar so that nobody sees, because we should probably be careful pulling this thing out.


Can I hear anything from the other side of the door?


What is that.


Yeah, could you do this in a night?


See?


I feel like that's killing a lot of wildlife.


I have to use my action?


Mama, that's so wonderful. I'll be right back. Can they come upstairs?


Wow. Very observant of you, Grog.


Yeah, it's fun to say. Thanks, bud.


Wow. I'm going to stand on that log so I'm out of the swamp.


I'm gonna cast Alter Self on myself to be a dwarf.


Your-- (laughs) (laughter)


It's all right; I can eat anything.


I yell, Delilah's getting away!


Remember, like you've been hit in the balls.


Trumping right now?


Did you go stab a dead person?


Two rapiers?


Come sit on me, dude. Come on down.


That's cocked. 29?


You hate old people so much.


I take out a cherry bomb. I light it, I throw it.


She's the best.


He wants you. He wants your bod.


Silver thread around the fire.


So wait, he's not a kitty cat?


Dragged back out.


I say  Well, of sorts, I guess.


Here, wait. Save the potion, I cast Healing Word on Percy.


Can I just look around and see if there's anything interesting to buy in here, like--


With my bonus action, can I reach out, since I was part of the killing of-- are these creatures humanoids?


I was trying to...


Ruthless.


Wait. Can that happen?


Kiss him on the mouth. (laughter)


He can't sense anyone in the mansion, so we cast the mansion while you're still here. Half the party goes in, team Stealth Sword Recovery Plan goes out, gets the sword, while the rest of the team camps in the mansion.


Hang on, what exactly did he say, by the way?


He said if they don't bother us, to leave them alone, but that we should just check to make sure that they're not part of something.


Yeah, that's what I was going to do.


We have a rod.


Why? What did I do?


Fabulous.


And you've never seen conditions like this affect any other carnival goer before?


No, he walked out in a fucking nightgown.


Sweet. And I move as far away from everything as I can.


How do you want to do this? (laughter)


So 25.


I've got a kettle-- (laughter)


It's endless, but it takes ten minutes.


How many of you were there?


So that's why Vax's feathers were prickling the other time.


How is that temple right now?


It's pretty cute.


Life comes at you fast, Matt.


(gasps) Oh my god I rolled a natural 20!


Serendipitous.


42.


No, my pants are just jeans.


Praise Vecna.


You're going to keg stand there?


No, no, no, no, the other one.


Can I come with you?


(quietly) Gag me with a spoon, Mrs. Henderson.


There were I think-- I couldn't tell. They were shadowy, but I think they were like lizard men or snake men.


You don't want him?


Grab the bow, real quick.


Birthday hat!


Sorry, on saving throws, anyone within ten feet of me gains plus four.


High-quality paper and ink.


I'm 13.


A ruby in the Astral Sea?


Are we-- wait. Are we in the fire plane yet?


I touched the sword, it spoke to me, it craves strength from other beings


That's closer, yeah. It's been a long time.


We're going to try and climb a tree.


Always angry.


What the hell happened?


Oh, okay. 'Cause I can-- You're doing great. Good work.


Am I near him at all? Can I give him a blessing?


Vox Ross. Vox Chandler.


And it was dwarf-sized.


Can I sit at the far end of the table at the very opposite end, if not at head of the end--


I give him a purple nurple. (laughter)


Oh, that's really bad. It's because I'm folding paper.


I know, but--


Is it like Young Frankenstein? (mechanical sound effects)


Yeah, what if you die?


All this! This right here!


backblaze.com/criticalrole!


I've danced.


Everything he is, is his status, though. This place, where he lives, his servants. If he's got nothing, then he's just... he'll die.


Not Heather. Make a note.


He fucking understands signs.


We'll train while you guys go!


Go team.


Lava lamp.


No! You're lying!


If you grow enough beard, you can knit it together to hold it in place.


I am going to stick to my mission to scout. I am going to pull everything I have to go away from the trap door, knowing where it is, and I am going to scurry up and I want to explore that spiral staircase.


We could sail there to the northwestern edge of the island. There's some sort of structure there.


We must be careful. We cannot let Whitestone be discovered.


19, 22 -


As we're walking towards the rooms, can I pull Pike aside for a second?


Where are the faces on the ground?


Yeah. No, I'm comfortable.


Who were they?


Oh, what? Finally me? All right. I am going to get my big spell out. Now, can I target its wing and try to Disintegrate-- can I try to cut its wing off?


Matt's checking his e-mail.


For clarification, that is the one I hit, as well, right?


I have that kids' toy that makes these. You spin it and the little pen goes around and around.


Don't! Not you.


Now she would like to ragé.


I've got three of them, so I've got options. But I just want to make sure--


I wave my hand, and the skull drops into a shadow on the table and vanishes.


Benjamin is great.


With D&D Beyond, it does the work for you.


I'm killed by an owlbear.


That was my attack of opportunity.


Off of the carpet! Yes!


The Broken Goddess. I know more than Ioun, please! Ioun. Gods, what do they know? We know more than they, for we exist! We live! We adventure! They merely observe. Am I right?


It should be back very soon.


I would love to turn Trinket into a wyvern. (laughter)


I go take a shower. (all laugh)


Cleric and the sorcerer.


That’s pretty cool.


An arm is not a scalp. It's this.


Do we have unlimited supplies?


No! Let the little bits go.


It's magic. It's not like they've never seen it before.


Okay. Then I'll do that. Then I'm gonna just-- you know what, I'm gonna stay on the opposite side of the bridge, and I'm gonna focus on making that illusion.


Did not care about your buttons.


(sighs) I mean, we thought it was getting us around but it clearly wasn't.


I'm sorry, I get so distracted. Did someone find you?


No, I'm fine. I'm not fine but ow!


Oh, here. Of course, of course! Here's two gold for you.


Within visual 30 feet.


And my Grog raging one with blood covering his face. (growls)


I'm going for a ride.


Oh! Okay. I'll stay.


Oh, I didn't add any dexterity. I add a 9 to what I got, which means I'm at 22.


My friends and I have come--


And avoid the hammer of the Empire.


Anything other than money?


But who wants it? Who needs it?


Do you feel like you have control over your fate?


No it's good, it's good, leave it!


That's this kid's parents.


(whispered) I don't know what to do now.


I'll help you make it.


Yeah, and hide in the ceiling.


Nott, will you come with me, please? Never mind. Beau, will you come with me, please?


Okay, cool. Awesome.


You are dead.


No, it's fine! We're gods!


What's in here?


That's what he did to Beau.


I can just see that Pike's unconscious.


Clever girl. (laughter)


I'm going to try and break the pot in through the cage. I'm going to take a swipe at the pot through the cage with my sword.


I'm going to cast Pass Without a fucking Trace. It's my last Pass Without a Trace, but I'm afraid--


Okay. I'm going to-- she jumped 35 feet out there?


I thought you were 300 years old. Jesus.


What do I know about the Moonweaver?


The interior of that bag looks like the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. It's a little weird in there.


Blade pointed down, Kiri. Good job.


Yeah, I'm walking Fassbender out to where Keyleth is.


We agreed, weeks ago.


So wait, are we here on a mission to cleanse the land? Is that what we're posing as? We're like missionaries?


May I make a request that you kill them anyway?


I'm dipping because I'm hanging upside-down!


I know, and I'm so sorry.


What broom?


I don't know. No. He's good.


The PTSD is really starting to sink in.


It's like-- I can be on the shitter, if I want to check--


Yeah, right. He's got a pair of arms on him, doesn't he?


One there, and one-- yeah.


Similar to when you hit me in my arm.


Mm-hmm. My dead friend? Yeah, I think it might be hidden or something.


We could collapse all the rest of the tunnels and we go straight up into the city.


I don't fucking know. Can I double dash down into the bow of the-- or belowdecks, where Caleb is?


He's just the sweetest little thing you ever did see.


Matt does not like that.


I mean, it stabbed me, so yeah, I'm uncomfortable.


Are we trying to get in this room? Why don't I just make a way in?


Are you whispering to me through the doorway or--


His great servant beneath the city?


I know, I like her, too.


Question. Are the stones mathematically adjacent to each other? Do they appear to be lined up?


Wow...


No, no. Eight total.


What's the best-case scenario? What, we come up behind them? It's still gonna be a fight.


We can get dudes behind you to hold you up.


Also, do you have a map?


No, I don't want to bring any attention.


It was right on the tip of my tongue.


Some may argue that I photocopied Vax and put pink ribbons in her hair to be Vex. Some could argue that, and they would be correct. But you can also tell them apart because he's got a knife and she's got a little bow and arrow.


It's a dangerous game. Who knows how it will end?


No, I have both the ring and the one that Fjord gave me. So if it's good for you, you may have it. I'm more interested in executing skill.


Mansion!


Is there anyone else that you were with that's no longer with us in there?


With his beak.


Oh, well, I didn't have you around for a little bit, keeping me in check.


I'm out of here, guys. It's been real.


Ladies.


Yeah, I dropped you off, I'm going to go and swoop over--


Well, I mean, clearly I have to say they have worked.


That's going to be six points! Go for it.


Just grab him and put him in the bag of holding!


And as long as we're not synchronized swimming in mist form and spread out, then it should be fine.


Could I run forward and still get the sneak attack?


Yeah, maybe they need to (yowl) get it on, you know?


I know, but it's going to refill my grit so that I have a better chance of hitting him.


Oh, they both got me?


Sorry, darling. You live.


Yeah. (scoffs) But a tickle.


This is going to be weird. I'm going to take out a chunk of Whitestone residuum and just compare the color and see if there's any relation.


Yep. Me too.


Max is bringing it.


Tiberius, welcome to the surface. Can you use your Wheel of Mending on that boat that you just pulled up?


Would you like us to call you Lucien or do you want us to call you Molly?


I would never have guessed that's where that was going. White dragon?


Is she still alive, The RZA?


I'll have Cosko, is there a stairs or a ladder near here?


I know. But he still said he'd grabbed me.


Of the Conclave, we've killed two.


Or your friend Keyleth.


I've done something very similar to that on many a morning.


They're hard to use. We've got to learn to use them better.


Go ranger, go ranger, go!


Can you use your bonus action to heal?


12 helps.


Should we try to do this, then?


I know, and I thank you for that. I guess I'm just wondering what's next. Now what?


Our wind chimes were made of wood.


Great costumes, lots of cosplay.


We can't go, we can't go!


I am going to aquaman run over to Tary.


Okay. Plus my what? Arcana?!


"A risky 14"?


While they all do that, I go  I'm going to see how Fjord's doing-- (thud)-- and hit the ruby.


(louder) He said enthusiasm!


The merchandises? Well, you know, we do have that amazing David Mack poster.


But she'll be popping up into the wisps.


I almost did, yeah.


And then I'm going to send it on over to the beholder.


This is all very new.


I know people. And turtles.


Question. Who was your first kiss?


(sings the Legend of Zelda 'item' tune)


I'm really good at sewing.


I'm so excited! I'm looking down at it right now.


Did he ever get to attack?


No, no-- (all laugh)


And there's other things coming in the store soon, too.


Yeah, so if it looks too different--


Have basilisks.


Okay, that's all that I'll do. I'll cast it again.


You know anyone that might want a scary lion head thing to decorate their walls?


I'm using Dancing Lights. You can use the four lights to make a little person, a little humanoid shape of light. It is doing a little macarena behind the gnoll all the way. I have 120 feet of range.


What was your land like before Vorugal got here? I know it wasn't as icy and as frigid.


You're so charming.


You're not the tallest yourself, you know.


Those are very nice.


To be fair, I don't remember him.


Just do--


Let's try to sneak in and leave the guards there unless they notice us and then we'll just (thwip thwip).


Perhaps we should continue.


What are you apologizing for?


It's like Pulp Fiction with the adrenaline shot.


What's your spider sense?


'Cause I imagine she would have good recommendations on good crews--


How big a creature does it look like was taking a--?


Snatched!


And yeah, that's another crit!


Grog? Do you think I should do the whole elemental guardian thing?


Who's going back?


If I may, thank you for your service to this city. That last round was a true pleasure to watch.


All right, I summon Bigby's Hand! The mightiest hand that will ever unlock a door, ever! (singing) Bigby's Hand!


Condos in Marquet.


Woo! [dramatic music]


No, I don't think I do, but there might be some spare cots and stuff downstairs.


You have to carry me.


We're all holding our shit?


We're going to get money for this?


Way better than one.


That entire tooth is brown.


I got your back, Grog.


You designed a character with no pockets?! Why would you do that?


Just the worst.


That's funny. I didn't think anyone was going to pick up on it.


It's just you, Taliesin.


Yeah, Molly wouldn't want to pay for Keg.


(laughs) What?


What if it's good?


I feel like we should aim for the instruments.


I will sing, (singing) I'm freaked out by the shape of me! I'm burned up and nobody can see. So you know what I'll do to thee? Give some health to my body. (vocalizing) (laughter)


Because I love you!


Oh, jeez.


I understand. I don't mean to go in. I understand that we caused a lot of trouble, and I am very sorry, and I don't mean to be any further trouble. There is a belt that I left inside.


Bigger than I thought it'd be!


What if you die? What if you die right now?


What about you, Zahra?


Someone's burning a spell, or we're going in shifts. One of the two.


Okay. Which--


Shit. Is there a hole in it? No?


Okay, I'm going to-- Can I move, can I get to him?


Stay down! Stay down!


Oh, no no no! This ain't no Hostel situation! Aw, hell no.


I'll also use Fury of the Small again. So that's 21.


You guys! He's shirt-cocking somewhere! (laughter)


I wanna shoot it! (all laugh)


We would be excited to make it worth your while.


It's like it's a real thing now.


Hey, oh, what was your name? For the next time we have a dead ally.


Can we look at their behavior and see what it looks like they're doing?


I can't believe this.


Oh, yeah, no.


No, no, no, I know. But I don't know what favored terrain gives me, because I tried to look it up and couldn't find it.


Let's take this outside. Just take it outside. Nothing good happens here.


I'll get within 30 feet. Fire a crossbow shot towards its foot.


A Mote of Possibility?


Yeah, otherwise, we'd all smell like Grog.


So you and he are two peas in a pod, yes?


Just a little bit of tusk!


Can the cat get the dog--


He summoned imps.


It looks like she dragged whatever she found further into the island. Can I call Trinket over and then look at the tracks and see if he smells anybody and see where they took everything?


Here's a possibility. I have a gloomstalker and I have Delilah. I put her on the back of this thing and fly it up there, maybe this thing moves out of the way.


Does he still trust Allura?


Yeah, me neither. I thought it was just a plant.


Why can't we just set him on fire?


Yeah. I think--


That failed last time, didn't it?


That's the tree place, right?


It's nice to meet you. I've heard many a tale of your wit and bravery.


I bet you could do a lot of incredible things.


Yeah, I'm sorry!


Yeah, whatever it is. 3d12. I have to roll to hit first. 16?


Couldn't you maybe act like--


Aww.


Is there a better time to toast than when the world is gonna end?


Right this very minute, he's a one-ounce owl.


Do I get three attacks with the sword I just picked up? Since I'm too close to use my gun right now?


Oh my god, this is actually--


We are at 15 now.


Impaled? Oh!


What are you gasping about? You sound perturbed.


Good-- Happy love.


Sorry, brother, I think we have other things to attend to.


Hey, thanks!


I believe it will do so, yes.


Late afternoon, you said?


I was just about to suggest covering that up, but you know, all cards on the table.


These Boots of Haste, I don't have to attune to them? They're not attunable, right? Or do I have to attune to them?


I like it here.


We had two bards.


I think we're all good. Where's everybody at in terms of...


You could say so. I heard you had quite a night last night at the bar.


While you're doing that, Udire's stuck in his armor over there.


A little warning next time, Vanessa. Maybe.


With Frumpkin looking. When I'm looking through Frumpkin I'm blind, yeah.


We're going to go in the tent.


I guess it's something I'm going to have to start getting comfortable with.


Yeah, I mean he was just a-- Like a cat baby wrapped in bacon when we saw him.


We might need to play it by ear.


You are searching for this based on a vision?


So many shit rolls!


Everybody gets one and there's one extra?


The worst place in all the multiverse, and we're gonna let him smack into that for his first time?


It's probably not in effect anymore.


The guard just keeps notes.


She doesn't have to know what sailors actually do.


That. Exactly like that.


That's not as lo-fi as we were discussing.


So it hasn't happened yet?


Wait a minute! Am I shit at climbing?


Five? Six? Something like that.


I'm going to maneuver around the chaos because I'm not within range of anybody to hurt me, right?


Hey. Okay, so you just saw that. My family's here, the family I haven't really seen since I was a kid, and they're-- we have the last name Trickfoot for a reason. I'm going to get on the earring and say, whoever is available, I would love to maybe have you come to the Slayer's Cake. Some of my family is here.


Gott verdammt! It's out.


It's all right, it's a futon now. It's like college.


We throw Fjord.


But the little box that we have the thing in, yeah.


Oh my gosh, it's happening!


Yeah, get that roll of gaffer tape.


--right, but if they try to go around it or something. It's just a tree.


Who are you people? What do you want with me?


Can I gingerly walk on the glass?


Keeping my rage.


I'm going to find him a white silk and cotton, linen cloak, very simple, to throw over his armor the way the Templars used to do, so you won't cook in your bloody armor.


Well yes, but I think what Grog is talking about is the bulk of the fighting force, getting them to follow us over the bridge and then cutting the bridge.


Was he using magic?


No, she had one, but she got rid of it. Fjord has one.


Just google Grog.


You're being mighty fucking friendly. They were looking at our coin.


They didn't have doors in them?


With that accent, all those letters disappear.


We got this, guys. How many of us are still able to move?


And the cube.


We've also heard the name Odell.


Oh, I mean--


What funds are we talking about, here? What was the contract that you had been binded by?


That's what I'm saying.


We're trying to be quiet.


We'll try it sometime. I think you'll like it.


Mr. Pumat, I have another request. I know that I had requested, would it be possible to invent a small haversack? Just the pocket thing. But do you have any sort of magic incantation ability-- if I gave you a flask, could you make it never run out of alcohol?


It takes a while.


So we should probably go to sleep, you guys.


Well, yeah, Trinket is well-behaved.


If I get close to the door without going through it, can I see the guy?


It's not possible to get to those cubby-holes without a difficult climb, is it?


I was listening in the car!


I'm running over to Kerrion and just going to rage loot him.


Can you look through your scope and see who that is?


I can Plane Shift us.


Okay, no load bearing support columns that we can see right?


It's okay, Nott.


Sorry. What is that? 17.


Am I finding what's-his-face?


(small voice) Okay.


At Cobra Kai.


Would we have seen the lightning hit the ship?


So that's why I cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


They're happy.


Leomund's tiny hut. Is this where we want to do it, Jester?


I put my hand against the stone and I cast Transmute Rock and I push my hand into the stone as it turns to mud.


I fall unconscious. When I wake up this will all be over. I do that.


He's going to stumble out like a maniac. Squish the bug, Grog.


It does immediately become the concern that I can't get us anywhere unless I have some sort of item, generally a tuning fork or some sort of attuned item to that plane to get us there.


Is it engaged with Beau? Can I get a sneak attack on it?


To the thing!


I am tiny.


Wonderful, while I-- No! I spend five Sorcerer points and I do Telekinesis and rip the horn off his fucking--


Oh, I can't pick. Somebody else pick. I don't know.


And they extended it to an hour because it was so much fun, so it's on Facebook now, and just go and share it, please, because we enjoyed making it.


We're getting bored.


I want to put the engineering behind it out. I want to put those pistons out.


300 gold!


You would think so, but no. I think they're doing something.


Fjord! Come in!


Yeah! It's awesome, I'm going to be dressed up in my Scar costume. It's going to be awesome, I'm going to be doing a big transformation with Espionage. Yeah, and we're actually going to be pushing the stream; they're going to be streaming it and Geek&Sundry is going to be hosting the Lock and Load stream, so tune in and watch me prance around at Lock and Load in Seattle.


So we all saw Vex wake up, throw a bag of money, and walk into my house. Very unusual. With a broom dragging behind her.


Can you send messages or anything?


Yeah. I mean he's not that cool or anything! I mean you probably wouldn't be interested in him at all.


And they say video games are violent. (all laugh)


That guy? Really? What makes you say that?


Oh, that's true. It didn't hurt us when we just ran into it.


You did that to an animal!


I back away.


Happy new year!


I don't have to roll, it just happens?


No, 60 feet!


Bagel?


I didn't even know people could do that.


So he supplies goods to all parts of the kingdom, but he says they keep a good balance in check from the power of the empire. Keeps a tight leash. I didn't ask about any religious uprising or anything, but he seems like such a nice guy and doesn't seem the type to rat.


Are you still game?


But I'm wondering what you've heard. What's on the wind? Can you take the afternoon off?


Yes. (sighs) Okay.


I'd be okay with it.


This has been quite a day.


The synth gives me 80s life in the best way.


I'm sure he's fine.


I feel like we're finding Percy all over again.


It’ll get you in the door, don’t worry. Here, put this mask on.


Well, we could go there now if you'd like.


Okay, then, for the rest of my turn, I whip my head to Scanlan, say, "Follow me down. I’m going down." And I want to drag him off the balcony, and go with him.


Flight of the Sondurs?


Weird thing. Can I spend an action surge and put myself out of the fire?


So the fire's out; instruments are gone. Should we loot the campfire?


No, I don't, I want to stay where I am.


Yeah, but she can't turn into mist, so you can go get her and turn her into mist.


Yeah, all right. Well, mysterious wonders.


Nothing's really watching.


That's true. I'm going to start walking back to the inn, and I'm going to start pouring a lot of drinks and putting them on the table.


Towards the rock, towards the--


There's not even like a tooth. Like one broken tooth? A piece?


Like the trees are 80 feet away from the stuff.


I like this plan.


I'm not leaving anything out.


Okay. Sour Nest is east of here.


I'm going to help this guy out and throw.


Well, here's the thing. We're trying to help you. We're trying to find a way to (clicking) (choking) kill the fucks. You get me? Ill-kay the agons-dray.


We have firewood bundles and stuff.


20! (cheers)


A whole new show.


Roll what?


(quietly) What? With gentleness there comes--?


Hm. Pike.


Does that count?


(laughing) A lodestar.


Okay, I'm gonna jump on Grog's back.


What did they want?


I guess I could go ask. Excuse me, sir or madam?


That's a lot of people.


Five times.


Oh, yes!


That's a strength saving throw, or they fall a little bit.


Oh sorry. Hang on, I'm taking damage. One, two, three-- apply damage. I'm going to take this one that is in between, closest to me and Yasha, and I'm going to do a big ol' golf swing with my quarterstaff. Not that dice, you were mean to me. Ooh, that's good! 22 to hit.


Yasha, there's a heavier presence of the Empire here than there was in Trostenwald. How does that sit with you?


Our family were less the priests, and more the sacrifices. We may have stolen the swords and run. That's why I've been trying to keep a bit of a low profile when it comes to some of the authorities.


As would I, but-- damn, this is going to be awkward now. We just had the whole big thing. All right.


For me through Frumpkin is terrible. Seven.


I hand him some jerky. It's really delicious.


Do it. This is it. This is everything, right here.


You're such an eagle. Oh my god.


Next! I love boats.


I love you, Grog. Would you like to draw balls on my forehead?


Be sure to buy a t-shirt over on geekandsundry.com.


Okay, so I'm going to stand up.


With that knowledge, I will purchase any other materials I will need to do this. I'm going to take out the 20 arrows I grabbed from the Iron Shepherds' house. I'm going to try to modify them, using multiple arrowheads if needed, to make an explosive arrowhead that's packed with some gunpowder.


Zorro.


I mean, if he really was a demon, why would he need to do research?


Was that a weird question? Should I have not asked that?


11 sets of armor!


Nega-snitch.


And I mean, Gern was shouting.


No. He's like a troll.


See what we see.


I shake my hair a little.


163 gold. I just broke it down into gold.


Clarota, you're going to cramp your face if you do that.


(light German accent) Not our best day, no.


I don't like this music.


Yeah, a little more to the right. Yeah, a little more. Yeah, keep going. All the way flanking it there. Yeah. Yeah, and then I would like to give them the cleanest shave possible with my greataxe.


Can you help me understand the makeup of it again? You said two passages-- one to the left, one to the right-- and a chamber directly ahead, between them?


Playing a long game.


You can inspire yourself!


Great. How about Nott?


The heartburn region? A little acid reflux?


Am I just rolling charisma?


Natural 20. 47.


The skeevy asshole that you always talk about?


Ooh! Do you have a big dick, too?


I got a 25.


No, the Captain-- he has the letter, I can't tell you.


And they're not frozen over?


Well, okay, but still, why would we run if we don't know what this thing is inside of you? I'm assuming you want it out of you, right?


Yeah, one down!


Oh, shit.


Let's add to Keyleth's guilt a little bit more.


How long until you have to meet this guy at the casino?


Are there ducks here?


So eager to learn all about it. I take my hands away, and he has two gold in his hand. Just know, I'm a big reader.


Anime shit.


Falafel.


Keep them out of my workshop, but put them into the spare rooms and anywhere we have room.


I want to point out to the watchers. Hector looked at my hand.


Did they see me? I'm trying to do it stealthily before it happens.


They're going to fucking save my life.


You guys, what are you doing right now?


There is a coin between the two fingers.


(muffled) No, I'm good.


I got to see this, I'm getting up.


It's pretty good. (laughter)


I'll take that as a yes. Keyleth?


Are we getting to the end of our eight hours anyway?


Oh god. We just heard them scream from the other room. Oh my god.


We are in search of a piece of armor, something that holds great weight and many legends behind it.


Dungeons & Dragons is about punishment.


Ah, I'm going to kick it.


You'll be like Xerxes.


I thought seven ate nine.


Yeah. No! Doing a little Marisha Ray up in there.


No, I don't, because I'm at distance. Or do I have advantage be--


Dragon-slayer and Rakshasa-slayer.


What? What just happened?


We'll set up a proper camp.


And we can keep going-- (laughter)


Wyrmwood Gaming?


This is like Nazgűl KY.


Excellent, carry on, keep shopping.


Well, it's a little unbalanced. I have to choose if I'm going to commit to the handle, or if I'm going to commit to the cup.


Ty!


Second strike, 14?


14 plus six is 20.


Did the dragon keep flying in the direction of the Glasswalk Road? Or did it go east or west? Or which way?


It's really a lot right now.


Uh.


Let's drag her out of here. Percy, you can shoot her in the head a hundred yards from here.


And maybe just don't go right to "mate," you know, "you're my mate" right from the get-go, because that might freak somebody out.


I got something from underneath the bed, and -


I did not catch her.


Thanks, it's all you had to tell me.


She said a strong woman on a mission to go find her son, part of her clan, was heading north. Would you happen to be Nila? Or is it Ny-la? Am I pronouncing that right?


I did. Not on my face.


Blackness?


I promised her that I wasn't going to die, and you showed her my dead body. You thought that was a good idea?


You and your damn loft positions, Taliesin.


Excuse me, young miss.


Slice number two. That hits, thank you! 23.


You promise you'll take care of Trinket if I go--


Can we go up there? Can you put us at our height now? (laughter)


It was a sudden attack, man.


Yeah, we're all like bracing.


I mean, maybe they're friends now, but, okay.


We're attacking the two smallest.


Who do you think the other one should go to?


What do we see, what stuff?


Is Patisse indisposed?


Celestial would be close. I would think more close than Primordial.


Thank you, girl! Thank you!


Yeah, no, we're going out the front door. Front yard.


Is it looking rough? Real rough?


It's unseen.


Oh shit. She's already been brought back.


Oh no, he's so big!


No, she said he was probably awake.


Okay. I'm going to push my way through the crowd a little bit. Can I have that laser pointer?


"Because I didn't help you guys!" Thanks, Tiberius!


I know. I don't want to have to do anything.


Do you get the monthly newsletter?


Also, Gilmore, as a sidebar, what about that black ball beneath the city? Has anything been learned of it?


Do you know this tree?


Okay. Here's what I'm going to do, I'm going to try and start making my way towards Grog, I'm going to do the 30 feet towards him.


Wait, no, that's Uriel that's leaving.


Let's leave word at the Slayer's Take that we're heading out. So if, you know, Allura or Pike shows up wanting to find us--


I'm going to stay behind him.


He's stunned?


Oh no! That's so gross.


I walk in at this point and I'm just looking for some chicken.


They're great, they're flat-soled, they are white, and--


Wait a second, gentlemen. We'll restart for just a second. It'll be fine. That little imp is gone. So apparently, the key... is me.


Matt is really looking for this thing. In the meantime, let me tell you some other amazing Magic: The Gathering cards. I've got Time Twister, Jace the Mind Sculptor--


Just friends.


I had Mona and Lena, but maybe it's Lolie.


Can we at least heal you up, before you go?


Can you make us faster? Can you haste her, or anything?


"You're just special." Because she's naive, and kind of quiet. So she was just different than anything I've played before. But I really love being a druid. Druids are great.


Give him a little pinch on the cheek. Oh, Grog, you couldn't if you tried. Now. Good night, big guy.


That's really adorable. It's a sub-nickname.


Okay, so 10 minutes that takes. Identify.


Skirmisher's Stealth?


Okay. And then can I use Scanlan's extra?


How much farther ahead are you going?


Oh, well let's do that again, then. We'll call that a 27 instead.


Revivify.


So remember that way, we found a hydra, so we might come across some terrible things.


Do you-- this is forward, do you go rogue or ranger, or-- Taco or hot dog, or--


Okay, so that's-- I should have just used my--


Everything just changed. How much did you get?


Stepping back into the darkest shadows I can see.


I'm going to go after Johann and Astra. And can I do an Entangle spell around her?


Fucking hell. All right. Oh shit. The one in the far corner is the one my sister attacked?


We should probably tan this. I leave the tent.


Yes. They all say enter, entry.


We were messing with you--


So we take off running towards him.


Wil Wheaton.


That's only on the attack.


We'll give him a chance whether he engages or not


After getting so fucked up that last round-- the scratch, the bite, and the trident in the gut-- I'll put both hands on the falchion and say, Do not see me, and I'll cast Blink.


What if they are like police batons?


Then, so with the way Hunter's Mark works is I can move it to another as a bonus action? Can I get it over to the one by Grog?


Joining the city is protecting the city, more than it is joining the war.


And while you're there, spend some money at Gilmore's Glorious Goods. Gilmore's, where all of your magical items can be procured. With a smile a week.


Yeah, if I move is anything going to get close enough? I could do Sacred Flame.


Oh, the song broke, it didn't die.


I thought we already did, the Daring Adventures of--


I'll go behind the twins.


It actually is a specific kind. It's a flint.


I'll give you a little bit of a therapeutic temple rub while I'm at it.


No, I have an action still.


It was great.


Wyvern. I heard wife.


Don't think that's a problem.


Oh god, we haven't fed the horses in days.


(whispers) They're both surrounding me even with my awesome things.


I rolled a six.


Sure. So, you're slaves, I'm a slave-master. What do I look like?


Just right into it.


Yes? This seems to happen all the time, every time we try to talk to each other. I don't think I've really, continue, continue. It's hard to have a conversa--


Oh, so these two things are happening simultaneously?


That's not bad. That's doable.


So I'm looking at myself after a moment.


We did put a 500 gold holding deposit on, an incidental that we will not get back.


Okay, so until we go to bed tomorrow.


I see Fjord bash his head against the wall and I go, you guys, I think Fjord's under some sort of influence magic! He's not himself! Then I yank the--


Shoot him.


As she's doing that, I'm trying to get Jester's attention. I'm like: Jester! Jester!


That big scary creature living out in the woods. Sorry, brother.


I start thinking about the carpet and I really do start crying.


Where did that pencil go?! I pick Scanlan up by the scruff of his neck, and I hold my ear to his tummy.


Right. The ritual that's happening on top of the tower. How long until that thing's done?


Oh. Excuse me, pardon me, pardon me, excuse me. I'm going to cut through the front and go as far up the stairs as I can go.


Well, listen. I am kind of like an evangelical spreader of good news. And I found this. And one time I pulled a card out and I got a magic weapon. It was amazing. And I just figured, like, you look like a guy that would appreciate such a weapon, so--


I had questions.


Smells and--


There is no way Steph and Jess have the ability to do something like that.


We make our way.


It's going to be 'uge.


We're not judging.


What was that guy's name?


You're doing a reach-around? Okay. My dick is out.


How far away can you place that?


Well, it's a cast of - the skull you gave me is still in my bag.


I thought we were all filing out of one hole.


And then I'm going do Booming Blade with my action. Is that not how this works?


Sorry, are you the leader-- are you the headmaster?


I mean, I guess because I happen to be holding the vase at the time, sure. No you can-- you can have it


There were so many things. There were crates and objects.


We can get Jarett.


I'm very excited about that.


That's 18 points of slashing damage.


Quietly, I say, What was he talking about with the bloody dagger?


We're half packed already.


That was going to save Vax.


No, this one I spin it and surround it with arcane energy, and no, it does not go away.


The three of them, yep.


Oh, don't worry, I'll come up with something. Loot Crate, guys. They gave us some great information about their next month's theme, which they're going to announce on the 26th, which is Monday. They didn't tell us what the theme was, but that's the exciting part, because now we get to speculate. I've prepared three ideas for what next month's Loot Crate theme might be. Just spitballing here. Number one: Screws and Nails. It's just a box of screws and nails. You got your wood screws, you got your metal screws, your two-inchers, your one-inchers. Pretty cheap to produce.


It's Stan Lee. He's coming out on our show.


12 01. It's just after noon.


These are just regular. They're not great weapon master. 23.


Yeah, I'm going to press a torso push. Better! 33. I don't even know why I bother. He's automatically pushed ten feet away from me.


Nott, here's your toy back.


I'm following your lead.


Can I do a nature check to see?


Mm-hmm. I'm actually very proud of you.


Yeah, it's cute.


Screws are fucking hard to come by.


Just a few packages.


And the ringleader was still standing?


Will you stand up there and get me the vase?


- and give him bunny ears behind his head.


That accent was terrible.


That’s going to be about 6 seconds.


I'm little now. It's a big hole. It's quite big, actually.


You care about me?


Oh, it really is. Would you like the rats?


-- that's 15 points of damage, plus six points of ice damage.


A god brought us here. All right, cool. Number two: Are there any other like your Dawnfather around here? Any other gods in the area?


He's just flexing his face muscles.


Do I roll for Trinket, too?


I gave him some Goodberries. I'll make up some more Goodberries.


Yay. [sympathetic yelling]


Do I get to add Jack of all--


You got it. 11 or higher. No problem.


I put it in my pocket.


Fan out.


So do you like him? Do you love him? That's an answer, you can just answer it, it's not a big deal, you just say yes or no--


Yeah, get ready Vecna--


Yeah. I'm really interested in a god that kicks it with people.


That smaller desk?


Oh. How many did you have?


4d6 plus two more d6.


I'm pretty sure all those things are actually true.


Do I see anything?


At this point, am I back with all of the gold and all of the sacks?


The dragon giggles.


No, I can't. I can't do any of that.


There is a thought. This is a very good idea. You've got a very good idea.


The second one was ten. 32, ten.


Dozens.


Robert Durst shit.


Actually, Hieris, I have a question for you. You know the mines very well, yes?


Have you met us? We're all a bit weird, and you don't ask a ton of questions.


I can't argue with that, either.


Yeah! I went to it at Moscone Center like six or seven years ago, and then Anaheim. It's getting closer and closer.


Good. That's good.


No, it's got to go behind, I have to pull it behind.


Turn it off?


As we start taking a stroll, can I do a nature check to see if I can spot any native beasts, insects, etc.? Native animals, birds.


Well, this is Grog's room anyway.


Vo'el'la'la'la.


It's a good thing?


Yeah, that was the first place we went.


Yeah, we never treat ourselves.


Are you good with hauling ass?


Just let them do it.


We found him a bit obnoxious to our means and ends on occasion?


I don't want to be a coward.


I'm blasting a Sunbeam.


What have you pulled out?


Yeah, you are just waiting until some of us are able to silently take out these people on the wall. Then we buy ourselves a little time while you can clink and clunk as we get closer.


You know, a great place to start with apologies is to mention the stuff you just said.


Oh well, I'm just saying.


Make out with me! (all laugh)


I need to know where she is. I need to know she's okay. Gilmore can maybe make me some more potion, but I haven't wanted to bother him about it because he's busy keeping a shield around Whitestone.


There are five doors.


Attaboy.


I think he's not ready to pop a wheelie on this thing yet.


Oh, that's not too bad. Just straight dex saving throw. Plus five.


Are they separate, though?


Yep, that's my action.


Because we might want to send her a gift or some sort of a tribute in coin.


He's 150 feet away?


Is that good? Does that work?


Safe to assume this goes to the same room, yeah? Just two different entrances?


No idea if they saw that.


While she's doing this bullshit, I'm going to make sure that the rice bags and everything are not trapped. Is there a clear stairways down, or?


Sorry to break up an awkward moment, Vax, do you have a moment?


Tell me about these dreams.


Yeah, can we quickly tie him down while we're talking?


I'm just throwing it out there. I can ground him.


This is the best day ever!


How far off does Hupperdook look?


The universe is random and doesn't care about you and me.


Oh, thank you. No, thank you guys.


Ooh, he has it written down? On a thing?


(calling) It's complicated!


We can both use--


Him?


Whoever was paying. I think they were trying to work on our minds first. Sounds like Yasha got the physical part next. It was a long night. I preferred it to the beating, though.


Can we spin around and look and see if there's anything around that looks like-- or look at tracking and see if it looks like somebody cut them down or if they fell on their own?


How do we defeat this rug before it kills all of us?


We knew that as soon as you said you wanted to rescue a damsel.


Excellent. I'm into that.


It's still alive. This is the first bite. That's an 18. That's a 12, so the 18 plus seven. 25 to hit?


Should we find traps? Check for traps?


We always knew she was--


Didn't want you to miss out on all the action.


Whitestone and chill.


That keeps sound in.


That's nice!


I'm so happy. I made so many mistakes, but it turns out that some of them weren't mistakes, after all.


Raging, raging, rage. Just regular rage.


No, man.


While this is happening, can I come and watch this corridor?


Wait, you and Trinket?


I may need a haircut in a day or two.


Rocking upstairs?


This is escalating quickly.


It gets us out of town.


But we can turn this problem into a "proble-tunity", and we can take these jewels that she will definitely know came from her, and plant them on someone else to just sort of-- we could plant them on this Allison person who she doesn't like already!


We can go to the keep and say hi to everyone.


Put your butt against this table! Kneel down, Taliesin!


Take the disc out, send back the case.


Mm-hmm, I like that.


Drop his weapon, no don't listen to me, do what you want.


Come, Unpleasant One, let's go.


What do I roll, again?


Nobody's sighted the dragons, though, over here?


Only 56 more minutes until breakfast is ready!


Since I still look like a soldier, I'm going to be willing to be a little visible on the corner.


Is Lady Kima still around, or?


I don't remember, now. Uh, I can figure it out...


What about Pikey-pants? Can she detect if it's evil or good or something? Does she do that?


Oh, history. 21.


Aww no! I'm unconscious!


Oh, he can make a con saving throw, though.


I don’t really want to wear this. I’m a little confused right now. I think I need to -


If they're there.


Yeah, I'm just wondering what his use will be from here on out.


I can't tell you yet. It's not my turn.


Well, it just drips. So nine for the first, eight for the second, plus the poison is-- shit, I didn't copy it down here. I think it's 1d12. Let's say it's 1d12, because I can't remember. If anyone wants to correct me, they can. Five points of poison added to the five is 13. And then the last dagger is nine.


Yeah, we can pair up.


I don't know. This is new. I'm sorry.


This is the most precarious Operation game ever.


New NPC  Dick Tree. (laughter)


Her hands are very warm.


Oh, those are so cool. Save those for a person.


Yeah okay, I will move along the table over here to this spot.


Stupid lizard.


She had to think about it, though.


In the Graveyard District, it seems like he's somewhere-- I saw that-- he's somewhere underground. Also, it looks like there is in fact quite a lot of tunnels and secret passageways that lead out of the city near there.


(whispers) Pretty bad.


Oh no! Oh no.


(laughing) I'm drunk, motherfucker!


One, so far.


In my account?


What did they ask you?


That was what I've been doing, a Prayer of Healing.


Where is Pike?


I'm the champion.


What's a dragon kidney stone worth?


38?


Oh jeez. We can't carry that.


You're leaving me behind?


All right, that’ll be 28 to hit.


You mean, like--


I don't want to touch that.


15 points of damage. And he has to make a strength saving throw.


Aw yeah.


Button up. I turn to Nott. How do I look? Do I have any makeup running?


A natural one. Vax and I get dressed up in Sherlock Holmes cosplay, and we say, "Golly gee, I think I see some animal tracks over here."


I'm sitting and I'm starting to compose a letter.


Yeah, there's nothing that moves in here.


See? All that fucking shit was for nothing! He's still alive!


No, I'm going to tie some of my cloth from-- you know-- that I have-- The thing.


That was a thing. Caduceus?


Nope. I'm not. Do I have a reaction?


Come on, come on. Grog, help!


It's going to be a lot harder to stay warm out in the woods now.


Do you have a strategy for that?


We were running-- let's just say, we had a grudge and we took care of it.


I pull out Bad News.


Now I remember why we hired her in the first place.


Right in the belly of the ship.


We're just waiting for you to scream, "It's morphin time!" It's morphing time! Bear!


I'm going to stand up, dust myself off, pull out Bad News, take careful aim-- slightly irritated aim at that water elemental, and see what happens.


Thanks for the confession, though.


Yeah, we're all in different places.


Are they heavy or are they light?


Or we do it to the rod.


No he didn't-- oh, he took half damage.


We could be clouds.


How about a small grove of trees?


I don't want to pull it loose. I just want to weigh on it.


What kind of a save?


We'll never know what they were, what they could have done!


Oh, that's a relief! Oh!


I deserved that.


You just rolled it.


Happy Halloween, folks.


I kept a keepsake.


(laughing nervously) Not my kind of fight! Oh, I got a ten.


You really will.


Still 11 down.


(lazer zapping) It's a constitution saving throw.


Gross! Come on.


Ooh, take one.


We're trying to get better at spercing our announcements out through other things.


Tary. I've seen you naked.


I try not to learn their names. I don't want to get attached.


Oh wow! That's 32.


No, I drew these. You guys have heard of an owlbear. Well, what about putting a little creative spin on it and making it a bowel-bear? It has crippling IBS. Oh, there's more, guys.


Your glasses fell off when you were bent over.


Who's with the burnt chicken piece of shit?


From one holy man to another, I think we've struck a deal. Let's go.


Trinket is slowly realizing nobody’s around him.


From who?


Hey, guys? Fuck human traffickers, am I right?


Can I go up to some of the guards outside and say, oi. Where do you keep your prisoners, hostages, meat shields?


So teeny-tiny.


Who is not very stealthy here?


You can stay on task, though, right?


It'll get me that close? I would like to be a little further away so that I am not in blast radius with two other people.


Would it be reasonable to appoint him as our first correspondence messenger, since he must return home at the very least?


When we fully get out of the reach of the land, by the way, as we're sailing away, I just want to keep an eye out on the horizon and be like: Professor! See if I see him.


Oh, great! So any time we need a breath we just breathe, okay!


I've got one more hasted action.


I'll stop.


Can we rest before we go see this ranger?


In my form.


I'll walk up and put it in his pouch as Yasha's holding him.


Just in case. I'm-- you know how I get with my hunches.


I'm going to step wide. Ugh, I can't reach. Sorry.


There's a lot of dice here.


Yeah, the magical messages. They should have arrived. That doesn't make any sense, unless if you were under someone's spell?


Let's do the one and a half elf push, shall we? You, you, and me.


I bamf Trinket out.


Jesus. Thunder strikes outside the tree.


Okay. Did the bow talk to the trees or anything? Fenthras.


Yes. 17 and 18, 19, 20, 21 plus the fire damage.


And please keep all this safe, as well.


I'm learning that he probably has minty fresh breath.


Everything's easy peasy.


Respect. Can I imbue one of your mystical coins with one of my spells that we give to other people or is that kind of your thing?


Percy and Cassandra, does this material mean anything to you? The bronze? Does it keep any type of energy out? Why build a room out of bronze?


Thank you. That would make me feel so much better about myself.


I'm with the girls.


Do you see any diamonds? Do you see 300 gold worth of diamonds?


We're the ones that you don't know? What's going on with-- You two take off every day! The two of you! Maybe you would know what we're up to if you went along with the group once!


I thought it would have been obvious. And I turn around and walk away.


We don't know what's coming, do we?


Did we leave behind a gate stone? Did someone say we were leaving one?


This place sucks.


Cling to our irony.


Sure. Let's go in circles. 12 miles off coast, we'll just go in circles.


No, it's okay. I Druidcraft a band around his arm.


No, no, they're boating shoes.


I pull the arrow out of the chicken.


I can destroy water, but I don't know.


Muselix.


I said I was the last one in that room.


Well, we would've walked up to the building, the cat would've scurried around, if possible. So I'd like to think that I heard all that, which is why just I said all the things I did.


Yes, no, apparently he's the only one. He's also married to her?


Head down, huh? Contemplation.


Keyleth picks up two chickens, burns them with her hands, and chucks them at the guys.


I like that. We're not hired to kill the Briarwoods, and not to be that member of the group that has a golden heart and wants to ruin everyone's fun. I don't want to stand between you and your revenge that you are absolutely owed, Percy, but are you sure this is what you want? Is this going to make you feel better?


Also, I'm sorry, just between you and me, I know the look on your face a little bit, you seem a little manic. If you have friends you can stay with right now, you know you don't have to rebuild it today. I recommend you take it slow.


(As Jester) "You can tell me!"


As we're walking, I lean over to Fjord, and I go: Something's been bothering me. The Gentleman said that it was Ulog that arranged and leaked the information to the Xhorhasian assassins. What would be his motive for doing that, if he only really cared about getting his wife free? Or at least revenge for his wife.


Come on, Jessie.


I try to get Trinket to eat some vegetables.


Do you feel the Traveler in here?


Yeah. Come on, at least we aren't trying to like ambush her and attack her like we attacked you, Tary.


Oh, you were talking about the mind.


They pump oxygen in, you can stay up as late as you want.


Okay. Then I'm going to, as a bonus action, cast Healing Words on myself.


Sprigg.


Two more swings?


Oh! Ho! Something that you'd think!


Keep going straight!


I have no chill? You talk to me two minutes later.


The who?


Then the other thing that's in the store now that we didn't tell you guys about ahead of time is something I'm very excited about. We have baby onesies! There's not a ton of them because how many Critter babies are there?


I'm just checking. Didn't know if anybody was alarmed.


(singing) Me, neither!


Sweet. Tight. I'm going to get on my damn broom, and I'm going to get up to the top of the tree that I'm at right now.


Dolan.


Gradual steps.


I did get a custom die.


Your buddy Horace made it sound like it was easy street, but I don't know if that's entirely accurate.


I mean, it's up to you, but I don't think you should do it.


No. I'm not.


Yasha and Fjord to the right. We'll go to the left.


Two, eight.


Yeah, that's a 28.


What if I, what if I'm walking along and I fall, and I accidentally go like, on her stomach?


What was that?


There's some bracelets and such, I thought I'd take a look.


Two days. We need horses.


What's this Tutonka thing you're doing? I don't understand.


Have you played it?


Right, you're a librarian.


There's nothing on the other side of it, is there?


On the continent. What continent? The Draconian continent?


She dreamed, in the dream she was still awake.


Do we need a short rest?


Yeah, waiting in the study.


You or me? All right.


I take one step back.


You got the kill?


Oh my god, come on! We cannot wait for 15 minutes!


I'll stay on the shore, it's fine.


We will rescue your daughter.


Is it a magical staff of dragon killing?


Got a brand new map, got a brand new map!


Oh, good. Privacy.


Can't Jester send messages?


They really want to look scary.


Let's go to the rooms. Let's check it out. How about that?


(shouting) What? No!


It's not going to do it.


We have a pet! We have another pet!


You're gigantic.


The theme this month is Sam. (laughter)


Stunning strike!


Well, it's just that it changed-- oh, thank you-- it's just that it changed proportions the closer we got or further away from it, it didn't seem natural.


Caleb, what's your stealth roll?


I should have talked to my friends before to get a plan. Nila's a little confused again.


That was the bless, right there.


How about this?


I've told you the last five games to get rid of your dice.


Okay, then let's go there.


And now.


As this is all going down, I'm going to yell, those who want to live, throw down your arms. That's what I do.


Wait, no, we haven't gone left yet.


You do know that leaving town itself is suspicious in its own right, right? Just throwing it out there.


Well, I don't even know why you're down here.


A ten and a three! (laughter)


Okay. I start moving the ice and pull her out.


Oh, sorry, we didn't realize you were awake.


I put, like, 20 gold on the table.


And you've got hands?


You broke yourself!


Let him talk.


They called you "Tabletop."


So engaged.


Light!


Every day when I'm on the crapper, Matt. Everywhere.


The internet's full of troublemakers.


What? What have you been dreading?


What, sister?


Oh, Zahra!


You did actually, legitimately point east, too, which makes that even better.


He just has to miss four.


Is one of us steering the journey, and can another one of us be looking for clues or things along the way?


But I'm loosey! I'm a loosey goose.


Point, shoot.


All right, we have a deal.


Definitely going to need a drink for this.


All I could see is somebody go (fart sound).


Yes, if nothing else to look out for other ships.


There's, like, 80 skeletons he has to roll for.


I was pointing at you!


It's actually quite painful and the hurt never goes away.


Because of my ghost friend.


The desk is a mimic.


That's all right. 11.


You can call me Yasha. I'll take it.


Me and Vax are on one side, and everyone else is on the other, then?


This was who?


Dooagar.


That eagle is weally weally close to that dwagon.


No! Away.


Don't die! I should have come with you! Then I could--


Is there any movement, because there's bioluminescent shit on the walls in here, so there's a little bit of light, right? Yeah. 26.


15 from me.


What are Lady Kima's and Clarota's alignments?


With a Flurry of Blows, can I also try and make that a Stunning Strike? Can I double down?


Chard? Where did you come from before you met Scanlan?


Can I look around the street and see if there are any shady types lurking about.


(laughing) Yeah, that's right.


I don't know what's in it. I can't see anything through it, can I?


Let's head to the Loch.


I give him a little scratch. The horses?


Freddie.


What did we do? We're the worst!


Seven. He's only got seven little health points!


Oh yeah, I'm feeling fine.


Seven, eight, nine.


Your jury summons is (groans).


We can't do it in here because it would make too much noise.


I just find it's easier to have this conversation when everyone is sitting around naked in hot water.


How do you spell the first word of that spell?


Not overlooked.


Didn't you ever watch Harry Potter? He wrote in the book and it wrote back!


I'm going to concentrate on Simon Three and send it back the way we came. Not hitting anything. Just to see how far it goes before I lose telekinetic connection with it.


Necrotic damage? Best kind.


Disintegrated.


Then we would need to roast some meats.


It's a bonus action. I'll do whatever you say. I'm not going to fight you. I'm trying to find my d10s. Okay, here we are. So that's 11 points of piercing damage.


Caleb is doing the silver wire while that happens.


Okay, I'm going to Professor Xavier this shit and put my hands on Doty's little head. Come here, bend down. Down, Doty. Doty, down. Doty, kneel! Doty, take a knee. Doty, down.


You got to sort through all your coffee stains.


I thought the second one failed?


I did already! I did already!


The dwarf is a feminist.


This is the pre-show days!


Okay. You don't know where she is in town?


It was a parade of horrors.


You know, I miss this drama. This is the drama I missed. This is great.


Back to Vesrah.


Yeah, as long as we don't get caught.


Hogwarts houses, everyone? Ravenclaw.


The girl!


Or you can stay here and restore it.


A short rest doesn't get us spells back, does it?


I forgot we got that.


Okay, I ask him, are you called something?


Are you a fan of Matisse?


Every nook and cranny, yeah.


I can't read this, it's actually hurting--


The old fashioned double-cross. Teleport, haven't done that yet.


I think we would definitely prefer them outside, but what would draw them out? I do not know.


It's your Aramente.


He'll text you.


What about the little ooze? One of the little oozes?


I have no idea what just happened.


That was so fucking gross. Samuel!


Die rolls.


Or the least wounded of them, actually.


I rode in on a white dragon named Obakala. (groaning)


And then they're stuck.


I'm so tired.


The rakshasa can disguise -


Attunement. How long does that take?


Fucking A. I gotta use the Alter Self, so I can actually do something, though. I won't be able to get to anybody, I'm just going to waste a turn.


I'm starting to feel so hardcore.


No, it is not! It's the worst ability ever.


Fucked up because it's Trinket. It's a Trinket cape. Yeah, but thank you. It's gorgeous.


What is the color of the liquid?


Oh no, I have to go to the bathroom.


Because it's--


But any connection to this traitor may-- it may be dangerous for him to be in command up there. This whole place could be a risk.


We have four vials of acid.


Okay, I use my bonus action to click my boots of haste together. And I tap-dance over to the illithid, and I'm going to use two daggers to stab him in his eyeballs.


What are we asking?


I was in the back.


There's faeries, and that is how the unicorns get over here.


What can't they do?


How about after the testimony? He hasn't fulfilled his duty.


Extremely.


29 on the second.


From the bottom?


I've got a cart that keeps breaking down on me.


Matt, we're still in the middle of nowhere at this point, or we're--?


I peek around her shoulder. Where would the Shade be?


Did you fail a petting a--


Why would we be claiming something here? We need to be claiming from a family that's here.


I take the Hunk up to the ceiling.


All right, let's all be clear that whatever the empire wants, they'll fucking take.


Does he roll a DC of over 17? A strength save?


Jesus Christ! And he's not even going to say anything about it. You're a terrible person, not Matt, you are. He gave you the device and you used it!


Sounds odd, but all right.


And this also means it would probably be impossible to scry in this room.


Angry healing.


It did, temporarily. I'm still very scared of the water, and I like being on the boat, but getting off is going to be a trick. But it's all right. Yeah. Yeah, we're cool. It's just these other people that're all messed up.


Man, I want a ring of protection again.


Roll low, roll low!


Okay. Big arrow?


Verdammt. Two, three and seven for that one as well.


I know. I was just making sure that we were safe and we definitely are now!


I'm alone with the little ball, aren't I? Okay, I'm going to go up to it. Can I tell any type of magical properties from it from looking at it?


Keep walking, keep your head down and keep walking.


Yeah, but we'll know it's there, just in case.


Oh, because of the thing in the middle.


Also, I'm sorry for my friends, and for me. (laughter)


Scimitar of Speed.


All of the creatures-- no, of my choosing, so all the bad-- not bad guys, but you know, people we're fighting.


Little dead boy?


We should move quickly. We should pick a couple of Vestiges and move quickly, collect them. Start finding more allies, move quickly. But we should not dally too long.


Well, me get not-- him not-- it not so good. I had a 27. Gloomstalker 11. I'm trying to be-- give the proper gender-specific...


Save us.


Did you just Salt Bae them?


Leaving.


I wouldn't say it if it wasn't true.


I'm grabbing my bag!


How about this? I'll give you a little present, just for you, little elf girl. And I flip her a silver coin that I have put a spell into. I've put--


I remember they said they threw an explosive behind them and dropped even more, so this won't be the first rock slide.


I may send Orly or someone else below decks to go wake up Beau.


It's a 214-year-old pub. Oh, god.


We've got a ton of other people in the room, though.


And that's lame. That's 14 points of damage.


Doty. I have a list of adventures that I am currently going through.


But that doesn't hit. I just wasted it. It's 14.


I would like to rage.


It's a starter house, right?


Right, I have to be right up against him to get a crit, and the second dagger does eight halved to four.


No, like two days because we slept there.


We should just get out of here. Keyleth, can you fucking eagle up and let's go.


Is Gustav still in here?


I'm waiting for it to kick in.


The pulse has gotten stronger since we've been here. I don't know if that pulse means it's about to go, or if the pulse means that it's five minutes in.


Are you a bard?! What the fuck?


We're in the war camp?


Well, that's a good thing.


(counting) 31.


Do we see him in the sky at all?


Enjoy your evening. Cheers. And I head upstairs.


I'm going to start moving through the entire place, I'm going to start at the front gate and see if anybody's outside.


But we'd be idiots.


Gold comes, gold goes.


Every little bit counts.


It was going pretty well.


Dude, I think they're into some weird shit.


We're not going to divvy up her stuff! That's bad luck!


I go where near the tree was struck close to us.


If only we'd brought your robot.


Whole different character.


Things just sort of happen to me.


Beautiful brass scrolling and priceless cut rubies adorn this silver set of amor.


Isn't this a Grog buffet?


That's exactly what I want to do.


Loud.


It means there's a very angry dragon now that's looking at me.


Oh, I'm so sorry. Hierarchies. I'm trying to get a general overlay of some of the information if there's a natural enemy for the rakshasas. Any weaknesses, where we can find them.


Is it not an acrobatics, I can't do an acrobatics, I can't parkour this? My hands are free.


Oh, thank you. Giant gnome?


I'm going to uncannily dodge.


Is that still there?


What kind of armor do you have?


But it's shiny.


18. And that's my two shots so I'm not reloaded.


Watch an episode of House of Cards, and by then Glyph of Warding will be done?


Unconscious. (all laugh)


I pound it for her.


How do I handle this? Is this a skill check?


While I'm peeing, I whip out my Wand of Magic Missiles and I point it, and I use four of the slots for it to shoot... four times three is 12 missiles.


And he kissed you? Wait. A guy that's married to a god kissed you.


Almond?


I'm going to fly over right above Kevdak.


Do I know of anything that would cause that? Can I roll a nature check or something?


A one and a two.


Those are some huge sweat drops.


Is it like tuna in here? What's in here?


Well, this one's called "Secrets and Lies!"


Oh wow, that's good.


At least in the short term.


You're extremely charming.


Of course, it's yours, darling.


27, halved.


What for?


And good memories. (laughter)


All right, this is good, we're finding out its intelligence level.


One dash.


Divided between us all, right? (laughter)


I don't know. Is it like Sauron? Is he going to be able to see me?


He's falling.


Okay. All I'm gonna do is grab the hole of the door and yank it open and yell, "Your turn, Grog!"


A dream? What dream?


I have a bonus to my spell attacks.


Does that half it again?


Come on, roll a 20!


The two corpses, what can we ascertain about them? Are they wearing clothing?


I'm not even fighting anyone right now.


Shademirk. That's it.


Yeah, so 50. All I want to do is gunk him. Like I do.


So what if the Sun Tree is like--


I have them. You can't have them.


May I speak to you alone? No offense, Vex.


They have mouths?


There are two stones in this box?


I know. That's why I wanted the blood axe back. Missed it.


In between Molly and Yasha.


She's all the way up there.


Yeah. Just hiding in plain sight.


So there are three entrances that we know of, and we need to block all of them.


I was expecting another six.


We'll probably be there.


Oh, fantastic. I'll keep that leg up in the air. I'll move it over to my shoulder, take both my hands up and bring it down on top of his kneecap, hyper-flexing the leg. (yelling)


It's just clothes, though.


I could, definitely. If you could take the Haste Potion then I might take the boots, because speed would not be a terrible thing for me to have because then I get to shoot more.


I'm pretty sure whatever it is, it's dead.


You said 18?


Oh, Matt is so fucking good.


What, you'd waste Hallucinatory Terrain?


He's gone to the other place. He won't be able to respond.


Well, if she is at what sounds like a waypoint, and if you can travel as far as you want, why would you need a waypoint?


No, I can, it's a terrain question, so terrain. Yeah. How deep does this mine go?


You’re unconscious?


Double your hit points you restore.


Yeah, so back to the situation at hand. You are suggesting we continue doing what we're doing?


What are we going to do first? The man crawled out of a grave once, if he's to be believed.


(sighs) All right, who's the most dangerous?


I think I see him!


Four poster, gaudy-ass--


Extra hit points, no fear.


How far away are they, roughly?


You're not able to leave, are you?


Did he drink a lot?


So, the plan is, the mods will be creating a Twitch playlist, so it won't show up as us being online. It will say we're offline, but you can come to our actual Twitch page and there will be marathons of each show individually. Critical Role will be later on. It's not going to be the first one that we marathon and that will be for probably a week and a half until I get into the studio and make actual playlists and you'll get that e-mail that says-- probably not Critical Role, but just an entire streaming marathon-- I don't even know. I'll figure it out. I've got a week and a half to figure it out, but there will be a playlist coming right up. Next Monday.


Come on, the time is running out!


Lord of the Crossroads? Quadroads?


It makes a really good salve. It's good for sunburns.


That's a Wish! Yeah!


I was talking back to Captain Adella or one of the crewmates. Not you, Grog.


I'm going to step forward so I'm within 15 feet of her so they can try to attack her again.


I like that you're facing the wall so it looks like--


I look down at Fjord and I go  let me down! Help me down!


All of those guys. Of course we knew about those guys.


Do you want to do some healing?


We're gonna climb some trees.


Oh, I am rough, kids. I am rough.


Cleric.


"I missed you. Have you heard of this whole cancerous tree situation in the Feywild?"


Can't see.


It is. They are.


This looks like a crazy fight.


Open the curtains up!


I'm going to head straight for the front door and look in-- is there a balcony on top?


Let's put it in the water and see what happens.


Traveler be with us.


And that's in the direction of both Grog's herd and the Frostweald?


I’ll take one of those, please.


Zero, but I have a +2 on all saving throws with my ring.


What is that, sleight of hand?


Blizzards.


The imps burned away?


Oh shit. Okay. Never mind.


All right. I stay within 30 feet of it.


(gasps) Sick!


That's an important thing, return postage.


We have robbed cadavers.


Yo ho! Ho?


Ah fuck. I'm going to use Message and point to one of the guards that I just untied.


Thank you!


Well, you should show me sometime, because I want to see it.


Eee.


I am holding-- I am just, like, waiting on the other end for everybody.


No, I don't need-- well, I do want one drink, but I don't need a ton of drinks. This is my thing, so what else did we get?


Okay, I'm going to bring my Spiritual Weapon over to him.


Don't die forever.


You look like you're glowing this morning.


I walk over and I start brushing it away.


Also, sometimes people steal your mail. You can get robbed on the road.


That's the baby, the little thing.


I don't want it to be fatal.


You're going to steal some stuff?


I don't, but I've been thinking about things.


(laughs) I'm still alive.


You are turning in?


It's like an Easy-Bake Oven.


Okay. Still in our synchronised swimming stance, I fly up and--


Okay. She is going to use the cantrip Sacred Flame!


Oh. Fancy secret agent.


(laughs) I'm a sea monster!


Five points of damage and a constitution saving throw.


Yeah, why not.


She's fine, she's just awful, you're a gentleman, I hope to see you again. I'm looking forward to this.


Uh huh. She's in melee with someone?


No, I thought that was the Ioun Stone. We all learned something today, kids. I don't do that. Instead, fine. I'm going to cast Telekinesis once. And I'm instantly going to do quicken spell and do five sorcerer points to cast it immediately again. Cast it on one head and another head and (bashing, tying sounds). To try and wrap them all and choke them.


Underwater rage.


Pike, shall I take you with me?


I make special candles. I make special candles. I'm searching for some magical items up here in this volcano. I understand there was a wee bit of damage not long ago from a dragon that had torn through the region, and so I'm just searching for scraps to make these simple candles. That's why-- this is my dance vest. I think dancing is very important. I'm alone most of the time, it keeps me occupied. They have no appreciation for the arts, these undead creatures that are friend-pets, and, you know, I've just been digging around up here, seeing what I can scrounge up and find. What are you lot?


Oh, at the very least.


5,250.


As is your camp.


Don't you have advantage?


Saying that as a person. I'm just commiserating. Moving on.


At the very least, I might try and get him to drop the bow, and then you're gonna be the one who has to grab it if things get...


You should still make your dad pay, though!


Is there a place where we could buy bars?


"Doing the chaos."


Knowing that it can swat at me, I'm going to try to go right back around where I came from.


Oh, I understand.


It's difficult.


Yeah, sure. I mean, Percy, do you have a book out of all of these that you want to read?


You need to rest. You got beat up.


Yeah, maybe no one touches the treasure.


He's reshaping the land as he sees fit.


You know, there is really one way to find out.


Just near Fjord. Boom.


With my bonus action, could I drink the potion of fast nuts? Potion of speed.


How long does your spell cast? I mean, your spell last?


Yes, see?


Oh, well all right. Five gold is-- all right.


So we'll be going for a while, and just hold down the fort while we're gone. Also, I know it sounds stupid, but can you look into getting a few ducks? Just as pets?


We have mushrooms!


Why don't we collect your things?


He's standing there like Guile before a Street Fighter match.


Is that why you left?


Yep. Mine, my stats. Woo! 19.


Like the dragon.


The dad thumb?


Oh, also, there's this town where there's these gnomes and they dance all night!


Do I detect any magic? Stealth twins, 2015.


Let's not call it a hazing. It was an audition.


I'm moving in.


Yeah, we do!


I got 14 and 14.


Sure! I'll run down the stairs and I'll fire as soon as I see anything.


Guess we're part of the island now.


And I just start gunning it towards the guy who knocked me in, right?


Yes. They'll have these things at Vasselheim?


Are we about anything?


Hello! I like you!


I speak Elvish, Common, Abyssal.


You're stronger than that.


I do. I can say things to her. I can see.


Certainly can't have anyone else moving in here.


Okay. Question  if you do that, I'd probably die again.


I know! So tell me what you've heard!


You make dead people into tea.


So is this a concentration spell?


I haven't used them in a long time.


What if we asteroid-dropped Keyleth from 500 feet?


That was Vox Machina's real reaction.


Have you heard local farmers complaining about them stealing livestock? Missing livestock?


It belongs to me. It's my birthright.


Okay. Is this sneak attack or no? I don't even know what this creature is.


Tell him we were sent by Pelor.


Man, ooh, Vex isn't here.


I'm thinking of collecting what's mine.


That is so fucked up!


Most of it.


Look at the port window! Is there a port window?


I'm so proud of you. You did so well.


Well, considering some of them were undead.


This is so stressful.


Hold the elevator.


So not really camping. We're glamping.


I mean we kind of did--


I would like to get my paint set out and paint pink hearts all over the back side of the anvil along with "The Traveler was here". Then I'm going to leave a couple travel brochures for the Traveler. Yeah, I think that's good but they're sizeable hearts. I want nice pretty pink, all over the hammer. The anvil.


I don't have as much fun playing if Sam's not there because Scanlan is such a funny, fun character, and your ideas for things. Even right from where we first started playing, the things that you came up with to--


That's pretty sick.


Once every couple days. When was the last time you saw him?


So that far.


Okay, so same keen dagger.


This is going to be difficult.


Do I still have enough movement to where I can, like, go underground? Can I do that, or no?


You were a dwarf paladin.


Yeah! Crazy.


Yes, please do.


Okay. Seeing Grog slam into that. Ugh, fuck. This is a pretty beefy spell, yeah? Force Wall? Should I do fifth or sixth level to dispel this? Okay. Fifth or sixth level? Sixth level. I'm going to Dispel Magic this wall.


I would love that. I, of course, will be the leader of your worship, obviously.


A big 13.


Do you need to have any company below?


No, 22! (laughs)


I'll fill up. Also, I'll take some arrows as well.


(groans) Jeez!


(accented) Going to get a bloomin' onion?


A dragon-bone die for the dragonborn.


Or he's in the tavern down the street. You never know.


Is it, though? Yeah?


He was chortling the whole time.


That was the implication, yeah. But I miss you busting my balls on the regular.


Diagonally. Right on his ass. Yeah!


Oh, goodness gracious! Yes! I'm going to try and use my staff to pole vault me up in the air and go crack, crack, with two big swoopy swoops. I'll take the 13, eight plus six is 13. 14!


Did they seem arcane in nature?


Roll a one! Roll a one!


Is it expensive?


"Should you need me."


It might be something to think about.


Sorry, I'm trying to figure out what would be a good idea right now.


Oh wow, this is so nuts. So first attack. Out of curiosity, does it keep my misfire? Does it knock me out of misfire, technically?


You know I have no desire to stay.


What's the thing you're most proud of?


I don't have it.


I will aid you.


Well you roll, and then you double what you roll. So roll big!


And I'll say, lance! And I'll just use the rest of my movement to just charge at somebody.


(confused sputtering) Now, hold on! I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't fucking, you know, batshit crazy, which I'm not! And I'm really glad that we're sharing in this now. But hey! Hey! Don't tell anyone. Promise me.


Which, it's a flurry of blows, and he only did it on the first one. (all laugh)


Oh. All right, I'll let him live.


Okay. Sounds good.


It didn't quite sound that way.


Did I have any more movement, by the by?


Do you have any magic stuff, Scanlan?


Before his arrival?


(slurred) Good night, Percy.


(whispers) Ooh! Precious!


Then we're shooting at the same time?


I don't think I appreciate that very fucking much! I'm saving all your fucking arses out here! For crumb's sake!


Fucking hell. This is so nerve-wracking. Six.


Right on my belt.


Now it's a--


Boosh!


You know, hold on a second. Grab your milk. Everybody raise a glass.


I can't make a side bubble, so-- I don't mean to intrude, but what you said--


And buying things? You like buying things.


Okay. So 12. 19.


Poison balloons?


He suddenly turns pink and says, (Snagglepuss impression) exit stage right, even! (laughter)


Ooh. Yeah.


Okay, 21!


Step two is coming! And I'm going to use perception on this pile of bones down here as she gets yanked up.


(high-pitched) Yes.


Okay, because I have a roll for this, but I'm okay.


He sounds like a real fun-guy.


You think they'll attack us? But we're with you! You're our ally!


(muffled) I agree.


See, this is our problem. We've been approaching doors without Pike! We need Pike!


Jester, Caduceus, Caleb are all cowering in the hallway with all the hydra heads coming in. As it rears back to strike, they see the Magician's Judge pierce through the belly of the hydra and cleave through the middle of it.


Nice color diversity!


Oh! He says you can restore files anywhere via direct download.


Liam does not know.


We'll take a left at the next main thoroughfare.


I don't want him to know that, you know--


That'll be stolen, though.


All who vote "water," say "aye."


I know, I have you guys on my iPad down here, but you're delayed.


Bring the king a gnome! Make sure he is of foul mouth and many a song.


It's pronounced 'jif'.


Mrs. Shorthalt, you are amazing.


I'd like to spiral down, slowly making my way around the top so I can see.


Jesus, it's not dead yet?


When is it? How long is it? When is it?


Are there any woods or anywhere to hide?


Honestly, this is how we treat people we like.


We can send word.


2d6?


Been saving it.


Just put your faith in Sarenrae.


So you intend to go back? You're amassing this army to go back and join the fight.


Someone do that.


Loosely prop them up like that.


I'll take a really good bath when we get back.


We're so much cooler now.


Episode one callback!


It was spitroasting.


That was business.


(sings) Sorry.


You handing out apologies?


Stormcloud's counting sand. I don't know what she's doing over here. Northeast. How about let's start walking that way and see what happens? Can we give that a shot?


We're here.


I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Probably a battle of some sort, which is usually life-endangering. Just ask yourself if you would want to die without saying how you feel.


Oh, and those winners, those are going out this weekend to the winners, just so you guys know.


My duplicate goes, "Ha ha," too.


I don't think that's a half-bad idea. We're all very proud of you.


Yeah. Maybe somebody, maybe the High Warden knows. Maybe we can sneak it out of there or something.


Sorry, I wanted to make sure someone was going to get Jester out.


Aw! Shit!


They told us that you're trying to find the same people we are. I think? You're trying to find these folks who kidnapped someone who you know?


Oh, look at the time.


I'm going to have Trinket-- is he lined up with anybody?


18. Hey!


I think you're overplanning. Let's just go upstairs, we'll tell them everything's fine, and then we can kill the two of them. It should be fine. [laughter]


-- this is Grog.


I'm going to stick with Percival, but in an invisible way.


Has a snatch.


Is there a guard outside of the room?


We watch the passing shadows in front of the windows.


For my time here, I serve?


24 points?


No, I get to attack him again.


Oh my gosh, really?


More whispers?


Your little, itty-bitty head.


Oh gosh! Okay! Ten, 11, 12, 13, plus sneak attack. 13. What's that? Ten. So 23. And then Hunter's Mark. Plus one. 24.


I'm looking for the way out of here. I'm looking to see where the rakshasa went.


I like the way that worked out.


We're going to lose the sailor. (laughter)


And make the mustache permanent that he drew on with charcoal?


If he knocks it aside, I take my right leg and I throw it to the outside of his kneecap, trying to snap his ACL or MCL.


Yes, but we have to get to 5,000 subscribers.


Well, in case you're wondering, we just came from Marquet.


I'll go stand in the corner now.


Hey, hey. Remember when we were at Greyskull Keep, and we made all the guards, like, audition to be guards?


I did not know that. Thank you. Well, shit.


Or should we go back?


Look, it's been fermenting for a while.


Did you say 'fire crotch'?


I have the sphere.


No, back up the chasm here. Even further away. Yeah! And I'm just going to throw three daggers into the wound I already hit, so I'm going to do that again. I know that hits because it hit the last time. That's a 23.


I can put down a thousand.


Yeah, Dust of tracelessness.


We're gnomeless.


How is this thing not dead?!


Second one is 20.


It's like Chappie. Chappie be good.


Yeah, and kept it down.


Just 35.


Ooh, nine.


No, no, don't jump ahead of yourself. I just meant, we have work to do. I'm going to go to Zephra, and you're going to be nobility?


This is generally how it goes.


He'd been taken.


Anybody looking at us strange?


I'm okay. Gnome power of two!


I kind of like her when she's like this. It's good.


That's okay. Think of the team!


I'll make my deception check.


Oh, that was great. Yeah, that was fu--


It's snow, Keyleth.


Quall's evil.


I think we're ready.


Heal her. Maybe we should heal her--


Is that his name?


Not all short people look alike.


Why would we let her have a weapon?


Like it matters. Oh! 17.


(sighs) I hate you. Hunter's Mark!


Oh god. Shit.


No! I didn't lose the page. I lost the whole spiral!


I was drunk.


They're idiots. Just go!


It would!


Or you could put Zemnian and Common together and make it the Shit-ake, if it's the Mistake.


Well, you know, when the ladies call my name.


He's 25 feet up?


I saw big curly blond hair.


I'm going to sit up.


Ready to go to the actual castle?


I slowly flex out my black wings, slowly, and lower them, and take a step half-covering you, and say, Are you all right, master? Do you need my help?


You can go. I can catch up.


With my strength modifier? 14.


Does They get a attack of opportunity?


Grog first.


Like, it's a dope-ass effect.


I get to know. The rest of you don't get to know.


I don't know. I just do.


It was taking everything to not say "Autobots!"


You know the meme, when the dungeon master smiles, it's too late.


It was what he did to me the last time we faced him.


You have Sentinel also?


Follow her! She's a bloodhound!


You can fire at where she was.


No, it's not! (laughter)


What's up, buddies?


I'm not interested in her in that way.


Yeah, I'm pretty sure someone's going to notice that that box has been opened!


This is Coral.


I was going to carve my name in your nuts.


Is it too big for you? Do you need maybe somebody stronger?


Sorry, I was shell-shocked.


Oh interesting.


I'm already running over. I'm picking her up. What happened? I was only down there for 30 seconds.


Yeah, we switched all our gold for platinum in Vasselheim.


Is that where I went the last time? Except not as myself. So I'll go as myself.


I have to whisper it because it's very secret.


Well, we're not actually going to the fancy gala, so we probably don't need the fancy stuff, because it's just for the rich people.


After I haggled. Because let's be honest, I would've.


No. I'm kidding. I don't want to be in the same room with you at all.


How is Kima?


Yeah, good sound effect, good sound effect.


I'm going to draw both swords and head towards it.


Percy, whenever you get a chance, could you, maybe-- how hard are those exploding arrows to make? Super-duper hard?


Yeah, but you can be taken control of with your brain, Grog.


I was going to say, it would be probably a me and you thing. In terms of making us not as noticeable, Seeming is probably going to be our closest thing. I don't have anything--


He's doing great.


We'll have a lot of road time to watch it on the way back.


I'm going to take my two shurikens and (throwing noises) into one and see what happens.


Well, I have darkvision for 60 feet, so I could approach around the side and peer in and just see what's there, 60 feet ahead.


He's long gone, man. I don't know where he is.


Turn 'em into jewelry?


You know, we're years into being friends. What do you prefer?


Can we go, oh! Can we go in? We should probably rest, heal up, get our spells back. Can you cast the illusion terrain and make it look like there's no hole in the cavern here?


It worked for me. It was really quite an experience.


He's nearsighted.


Well done! Oh, that was terrible.


While all this is going on, can you describe. Are the Briarwood couple together, seated next to each other?


What did that belong to?


So I've got this now-dead corpse in my mouth and I come out around the corner.


Yeah, what do we look like?


With magic?


Those were the bone spikes.


I start-- would you hand me that scrap of paper, yeah?


Mm-hmm. (laughter)


You're very welcome. I'm sorry I questioned you.


I think you were at least 150 feet across that bridge when he did that to you.


Don't you add anything to it?


Pretty cool.


First one is an 18, second one's a 17.


May I charge el toad from hell-o?


Definitely Mamma Mia--


I'll sit down, I've been standing for such a long time.


I mean, she knows what she's doing.


Oh yeah, we're here. We are here.


It may be keeping the ground up as opposed to being sitting on the ground at that point.


Run. Now.


I think we should use it. Yes. I would like to use one Luck point.


It could just be a fight to take away our stuff, before we go to a bigger fight.


But then they're going to tell us to go back for it.


Can I run as far into the alcove that is at his rear, just underneath him, as far as I can? Yeah, right there. Maybe one step closer, so right underneath him.


Look, I know I usually hit back, but apparently your mum thinks you can cannonball into me, so give it a go.


That was a compliment. Did it not?


Then the other is an 11.


Oh, that's sexy.


But it's the size of the item contained within.


Read the book.


Why were you trying to get into this tower?


But he's got to stay awake for it.


Pew pew! 15? Seven plus eight.


A great big, beautiful... this is where he sells things! Great.


Maybe it eats trees.


Is that really a thing?


The exhaustion point lasts until you take a long rest.


Damn it, Bobby!


No. There is actually, technically there's the sea to the north, but that would be useless.


Yeah, you can get Vax out.


Can I get it to light?


Don't laugh yet.


Ooh, you're a nasty one.


It's stairs?


Thank you. Thank you for knowing my abilities.


We'll check out the house.


I haven't Gallaghered anybody in a while.


Oh! That's 11. 11 radiant damage.


Six, six, three, three.


Whoa, and you just did it with the hands.


Just save it. You can stay like that, just walk close to me.


So, just to remind you, that means that he has disadvantage on all agility checks.


Hardcore parkour!


Just over there. I'll be right back! Just-- (giggle)


Matt? Can I-- sorry, keep going.


I gave you four.


And you don't have another one down in that vault?


Trinket's protected.


Like taiko. (low drum sounds)


I was about to say, you can roll a d20 and if you roll a 20 I'll tell you what Molly would have thought.


She's got wings.


You don't know! That's fine. I'm going to move my Spiritual Weapon.


That's true, you would have been really hot in your armor.


- into my sister's room with a bowl of lukewarm lentil soup, and go, "Oh, god, I'm still sick. (vomit noises)"


18 horses.


No, I can't.


You're talking about going in the open air? Risking the open air to get closer?


Why don't you come out and speak to us face to face, Hosier? Or Hosien?


Let's run!


See if he's trying to scam us.


Close the door, Grog!


I'm playing a game of keep-away.


You at least need a rogue. All you need is the rogue.


Yes, but that doesn't count. Weren't you on the show-show at some point?


Killing horses?


Nott, what Fjord is implying is-- you know how I can make myself look like anything?


That does not hit.


This is going to be funny.


All right, it is a pyramid, so the whole pyramid goes in the wall.


No, he loves the taste of blood.


It was a fellow, that narrows it down.


Maybe he'll ask you to make some cookies.


Wait, what? No! That's terrible!


Oh yeah. That's a good point.


No, no, not at all.


Battering ram, like every fantasy movie-style, but definitely Lord of the Rings and the huge cannons.


No cousins or anything?


Why don't you get back here?


Were Caleb and I not instructed not to leave the tavern? We received no formal instruction.


Going there.


I'll just watch for now. Do you want me go get you a drink and bring it back, or are you okay?


Yes, I do.


Because I'm a missile.


Is she back? Do you have the sword?


Oh yeah, I got a new crossbow.


Yes, Tiberius?


Wow. I mean, your silhouette is magnificent. Imposing.


That's huge.


We actually need him for something. You want to come see him? Yeah, we're protecting him. Let's go. We run down.


Does Lesser Restoration heal at all?


What might they like?


Yeah, and remember last time we did this?


25 feet. All right.


And maybe his little paws can be on my shoulder the whole time I play?


Yeah. I assumed that immediately before the thing attacked. Probably Siff's legs are all over you right now.


Yeah, I think this is a very potent thing, and we can use it to do a lot of good. You know, not in the heat of the moment to try to hit a gnoll in the face with something, but when we are really trying to figure something out or do the unachievable.


What, the jewels? We can just throw them in the ocean.


From where we were last week.


Just kidding, but wouldn't that be great?


Not natural 20, but a 20 nonetheless.


The Shademark Balg?


Hang on. We might be able to circumvent it. Right? Can we go around it?


Yeah. That will get you--


Towards Fjord.


Goosh.


After her two natural 20's.


No, I don't know if that's a good idea, I don't like our options at the moment, any of them really. I feel like we don't have-- we are one more person than when we got our asses handed to us on the road, and we thought we had the upper hand then. Now we have one more, that is better, but if we go to the town and we find a couple of ne'er-do-wells who'll work for coin, we are convincing them to come with us right away, into the woods. Into the woods.


I put him gently back on the ground.


That was Vox.


You're not a chinchilla, Grog, which is a small creature that bathes itself in dust. But you are a human, which water is good.


A whole team. With one pistol.


Yes! 28 and 27.


Blessed! Hashtag blessed!


What? Why me? No, that's not me.


Queasy? Yeah?


(yelling) I don't like change!


We slept already, we're on the horses.


That's what I thought. And what did you want?


He said "Jest".


The three of us, you're still back.


So what, do I just double all my dice?


Of course I did.


Get this bitch off of me.


I have his armor.


Mister Cobblemitts, I do declare.


I thought we were going to head back to the village, to a good distance.


Shh, don't distract him, he's adding.


No, there's no way.


You can hide behind Grog, and you draw the pixies.


Just very slowly.


Well, Molly, you've been talking about getting out of town.


Pike?


Let me think about it for a second. Do I know a creature that's blue and snakey?


And then the second one--


Tonight? This is the same night we got back.


Yeah, do it.


Do I try to Counterspell this?


Sylas is undead.


You came up with most of that shit off on your own. You didn't even write it down.


They just had some prisoners?


You don't want to do this with me.


Everyone hold hands and say Kumbaya.


Hey, Senokir, do you have any fire potions?


What kind of sword is it?


Oh no. Should I turn it?


All right, I'll give it a try.


I like the idea of sussing them out, since they're obviously hiding down there. Because from what the Duchess saw, she saw the chamber, but no one was in it.


Yeah, scholars the lot.


Against the same big guy!


We need to go.


I just wanted to ask Tary.


Ooh. Fassbender, can you-- I don't think he can fly.


Hopefully no innocent people.


How many people in the boat?


We got loads.


(high voice) Magic  the Gathering?


About six seconds went by.


It's clear, come on down!


Oh! Yes! See, you've got a plan, now!


Because that shit's behind me.


Yeah. You got to get pretty danger close to do that, though. I've got to stand up and look, make sure there's no damn holes.


How high is the wall?


Thank you so much. Forgive me, this is forward. What is your name?


Cart.


Hey, before we leave, real quick  Kiki.


But you just said the other thing couldn't be destroyed.


No, that makes me tired as shit. No, I won't do anything else.


Because they'd put a lot of iron in it.


We should go northeast. It is also unfortunately, or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, closer than we thought.


I didn't follow that, either. We should do something.


No, we are not.


It's not like anyone can get in here.


Who's got a good range? Who's got some good pop on a good range? You?


Just attack rolls, all right.


Oh yeah. Can I like super slyly whisper, okay, so at any point are you going to tell us what it is you want us to fucking steal?


Actually, that's a good point. Does this look like it was carved by man from cannibal dwarves, or nature-made?


No no no. I thought the gunman was in the hallway?


Percy, my necklace is glowing.


Yeah! Should've beat it down and then.


I go over and pat him on the shoulder.


I suppose it's only fair. I did tell you that these swords are special, and that they use the blood of my family to activate themselves. I know I might have said I was from a long line of priests, and--


I'm not going on a horse with her!


Don't you think they would know all the farmers around at this point? They've been there for a long time.


How tall is the roof in here?


I mean, it will be dark after that.


I just got so nervous.


Girl.


His name is Rimefang.


Me, investigate? That's funny. Eight.


Just like a scrap, thank you. I scribble, "Meet in the alley" on the piece of paper. Is there an alley? I'm assuming there's an alley behind this.


Who's here?!


At least she's not talking about Aldor, so I'm okay with it.


You don't have to say it like that, I'm just not much of a sharer!


Oh! Wonderful.


She was better than I am.


She liked it.


Matt, we're more than 150 feet away, yes?


No wait, you get an extra d6 on all your heals.


In the least.


I think it suits you.


Yes, and then for a bonus action, my last spell slot, I'm going to cast Shield of Faith on my fucking self for a plus two to AC.


Vex, sister, do you want to perhaps do a walk around with the two boys and see if we can't attract some attention?


No, I'm looking in the fucking tunnel.


But you have a luck left.


I put the bag down that's got all the stuff in it. And then we take out a couple from the white dragon, and put out the other stuff. And we've got this giant heart right here.


Are you Max?


You can just drag me in.


This bird is adorable!


Isn't that the same thing?


What a douche.


Who she likes better, and Pickle's the judge, that's easy to do.


Where are you going to do?


No! Oh god, no.


It was Travis.


Marius the Mariner. LePual.


We're straight-up Wells Fargo.


Yeah, the sheet of paper you turned in nine months ago.


Lady Kima, if I may. If you're intending us to choose between you, and our ally Clarota, and we can't get you to see eye to eye with us, then I'm afraid you leave us no choice but to choose our own friend Clarota over you.


I'm going to Polymorph into an eagle.


It's my favorite shirt.


Clarota is totally fine to talk in front of. He's amazing.


Where did Ogden's staff go when it got jettisoned out of him?


And Trinket takes how much necrotic damage?


Six plus four. That's ten points of damage.


Hold on just one second.


So we're not going to run into any dragons?


Yeah, that's true. I'm trying to see.


A conductor, yeah. It's not really a nature thing, though.


Is there one behind me? You can't see one that I can see, actually. There's one around the tree.


Yeah, we'll just go to sleep.


I'll kill you! I'm going to kill you!


Let's just say your kids made an impression on us.


Eagle eyes. 27.


We've got the fucking Wells Fargo carriage now.


Veteran.


Yeah. Might just be the local wildlife, right? What are the chances? We could just send our guest here down.


That's where we'll find Avantika. Who seems to be some sort of cultist, right?


Shut up, Jester.


Well, that's a bit strong, don't you think?


Oh god, we've got to stop.


Kick some ass! Come on, let's go!


I say, Hey. When was the last time you've seen Lorenzo? Did he go this way? Has he come back?


You keep your diamonds on you.


Thank you. Okay. I don't think it'll come to that.


No, you'll be coming.


We don't know, but I poured the potion into Percy's mouth.


No, I bought this shirt when we went shopping.


Yes, actually. I just picked it up recently. I've been working on things. I pull out the holy hand grenade.


Yeah, it was just on top of the desk.


We used to take food breaks.


No, like I said before, if I go in there--


I think anyone would, really.


We would have had to have done five more games for this thing to end.


I'm just throwing that out there. It works.


Not for this.


What? Was that the thing?


And so, that is how I spent my 12th birthday.


Yeah, yes, fuck, it's me.


(whispers) I was a studious child.


(sings)


You have the best flowers I've ever seen and I would like to buy some.


Why did you say okay that way?


Trinket could be a whale.


What do you say? We'll have to play along until we get to Darktow, and it is not somewhere that you normally want to go if you're not of the pirate variety.


Oh, and in pig latin, it's 'Am-say's ick-day is ig-bay'. All right, good.


We can go back up, we can keep looking! Lift me up!


It does not feel good.


Maybe see if you can sense it right now. See if you can take it back right now.


I know! He's been holding his hand up like woo.


Slap fight.


We rescued some survivors.


I stealth immediately.


(sighs) Should I make this more interesting? What haven't we tested yet? We haven't really seen him dodge yet, right?


At ease. This man in command of you all is one of the few people who could actually do a little damage to us in our time. He has great respect.


I love elevators.


(zombie groans)


He summoned imps, Yasha!


There's a war going on, didn't you know?


Then, I'm going to use my action to--


He needs to change.


Or, you know, send him.


She's still a part of the crownsguard. She's still a part of the system.


We don't have any guns? There's not guns or powder--


Eight total?


No. Nothing about any of these people is honest.


All right. So the first one is terrible, it's a 14.


(sings) Don't say no to this.


She's dead?!


It's true, it's true, I mean, it could be one of the best times to attack.


Can I do little hats?


And Hex would be another one?


I mean, he takes many forms.


Wait. When Beau hears that she goes--


So I'm going to take him to find his spellbook, because I feel like he could be a great--


We're in a bar, you fucker. Buy me a drink, you asshole. I've saved your life like three times.


Yeah, I'm going to amplify it.


Yeah, might scare them straight.


Or not at all.


Two comics!


So we fucking should get out of here?


Yeah, hold on.


She booped-- I know!!


If he's confused.


Wait. Hold on. I've got this. Quick, everyone. What's that over there? There.


Is there anything on his armor? Like, something we should be looking for? Like, a tab or a button or-- No?


We've literally not had a conversation.


Did we-- are we going to go with that discussion we had about the torso shot, or are we dropping that for now? Dropping it for now? Totally okay. In that case, I'm just going to take two sharpshooter shots to drag him down a little bit.


We hear this. I push us forward. I mean, we're going in that direction anyways, so I speed us up.


Goody! I sit on the floor and Frumpkin and I start booping each other on the nose.


(mystical voice) We're in the Siren's Succor.


We're still kind of confused.


That hits, and let's do my damage. That's 22 points of damage.


Don't roll?


He has to sit and enjoy his drink.


Ooh, by one.


I'm going to go to the temple of the Raven Queen. I also want to talk to our mapmaker friend.


Oh, and it was-- Never mind. So three. There we go. 22.


I've got to have some fun first. How often am I going to take on a whole house by myself?


I like that this is that deep in your notes, is which heads are on spikes.


Never mind. You know what, I changed my mind, I don't need a cow. I'm going to go stay in a normal room.


Oh, and can I move away?


Trinket gives her a massage beforehand to loosen her up.


Last longer?


You're going to be fine, Jessie.


Let's just watch them.


That's a ten-minute one, yeah?


Cornwall?


So as my bonus action before anything happens I'm going to tell her, she lives, you show us where the entrance to the caverns are, you walk with your things. And run.


It's forgive.


Is there a card catalog?


The jail is full! I'm out of dice. I have to go through my bag again. 21. And then I'm going to move into the mansion. No! Yes, I'm going to move into the mansion. No! Okay. Yeah, I'm going to move into the mansion. What? He's whispering at me.


Oh, yeah. My girlfriend made cookies for-- I'll put this one on the--


At 2 00AM?


All you need to know is, there's three dudes and three ladies. You do the math.


That'd be easier, yes.


But who's on the lowest hit points?


If you win, I'll give you whatever's in my purse. And if I win, I get a kiss.


