Marketplace.


I concur.


I'm going to say  it's three buffalo, or buffalo-type objects. Creatures. What do you want me to do? (fwoosh)


Oh fuck.


When? When?


I'm putting the-- as I hit the microphone. Do not touch your microphone when you put on your necklace. I'm putting on my necklace.


Okay. You double the dice, right?


Yeah, okay, so. First is a 20, second is a 14, third is a 19.


I just like how everyone says 'falchion'.


All right, good. (laughter) Sorry, can't help it.


When he comes out, I cast Minor Illusion to make it look like I have a long gray beard. (laughter)


Okay, I'll take the first roll. Intelligence?


20-foot sphere, 20-foot diameter with the closest lip of it on the side of the well that's closest to us. Here, back.


That makes me even angrier. And now I'll use inspiration. 18... minus five, 23!


Just keep moving to the other side of the street.


Yeah. And I say (speaks gibberish). My cat is your friend!


Do the twins outweigh him?


Maybe you can reanimate him.


(deep breathing)


Some, like, pure moods. Yes! Yes.


Oh. Thought your mom was going to pay for it.


I mean, their are hoots and whistles are some form of language, aren't they?


It's insured.


We have some amazing physics books that we will actually get into at some point.


Who, all of us?


Oh, well, I have business at the Pillow Trove.


No, you don't have to-- All right.


I like this sweater, is this new?


(Clarota voice) Welcome to my home.


Oh, this is going to suck.


Yeah, he's rolling a gajillion times, Ashley.


Oh! Yeah. I mean, no. Yes. No. (laughter)


Let's go find Scanlan. (all laugh)


Shite! Yeah, Uncanny Dodge.


Dagger, dagger.


Nobody wants to stay? (laughter)


I hold up my hand and I use Minor Illusion to make it all dotted with herpes.


Or traps.


Wait, does it look like there's been anybody in here since we left?


Help me remember, DM, did we have a way to get in contact with Dolan?


It's our pleasure.


Should we heat up the tar?


Hey, we're friends with your girlfriend, want to give us some stuff?


We need to talk to the little fucker.


Keyleth, seriously, I don't want to steal anything. I want to find out why these-- They can't hear me, I'm whispering to her.


They're not very delicate, unfortunately. No, no, they're really for protection. Now, the zombies can really take a lot of damage to the front of the chest and the skeletons are quite quick, actually. So, you know. They've been fairly good for a while.


All right. No. Wow, that's a terrible roll-- and a terrible roll. Seven. No, no, eight.


I do. I wish to move away from this gentleman that I just knocked against a wall and how about we take a perch on top of-- there we go, baby.


You know what, because he's the god and the hand is subservient, it's the back of the hand like this. It's a dainty lift. (laughter)


Is this magic?


Damn it. Have to provide proof to my fucking father. Fine. He didn't say no, which is what he always says. Which is a lot better than what he always says.


Keyleth, we're keeping him, K'Varn, from killing even more.


I can hold up to ten pounds.


11 hit points


I'm no master strategist, but we do have allies that we can call upon, and weapons, and men and arms and troops. However, taking the fight to Thordak in Emon seems foolhardy at best. I suppose this is where the intelligence could come into play. Is there some other place where we could go and try to take back from Thordak, to lure him away from Emon?


Can't we go in your house?


I pop Trinket out, of course, so he can hang out. Shake it out. Run around, get some exercise, I feel like an asshole for keeping you in this thing.


Tiberius, get back here.


To a misfire? No.


I do have advantage.


Wait, have we tried-- hey. Can you cut your hand? Do you bleed?


When you told me not to read it until you died--


It's an astronaut.


I won't use the dragon one. Go up to Mollymauk, shake hands.


Do we look like ourselves yet?


Before he runs off, I tell him, "Tell everyone to look for the sign of Pelor in the sky."


It's gonna be a good time. We might even have a DJ spinning some-- I don't know. How do you say it? Spinning?


Oh! 19.


Yay! Percy's unconscious!


I make my way back to The Leaky Tap.


Who is that next to me? Is that Yasha?


It's a Florida convertible.


Grant me immunity.


Kill him, Keyleth!


Oh the guy with the sculpture?


What kind of dog was it?


Oh, geez!


This is on the island?


We’ll fund the money.


By marrying me to some lady I've never met?


I knew you were going to be okay, anyway. Do you mind helping?


The theater, the theater! What about the theater?


You know what we have? We have fucking Pike.


Dogs?


Ooh, Tracy!


Well, that's just sad, that's, yeah.


Let's step up behind him. I want to step up and make him look more imposing with me and Trinket behind him.


Let's do a cannonball contest.


Believe me, I'd tell you if it was appalling. It was not appalling, it was fine.


Ooh, the center.


No, he's older than that.


How many of you are going to have a hard day at work in the morning?


Do you want to build a castle?


Thank you, Taliesin, for this stunning Broadway style.


That's a lot. All tens.


Okay, I will run over to the table, and poke over it, and shoot Protto. [cheering and laughter]


He's going to crush my neck.


Oh. 17.


(singing) Take to the sky!


Oh, yeah, I was going to help him.


One or 20. Ready?


Whisper on camera. He used to do this all the time. When shit goes down and all of us can't know, he whispers. And he sticks his tongue in your ear a little bit.


(as Jester) "Can you really read fortunes?"


Are we sure there's no other way out of here, through this particular floor? Is that the only exit?


Yeah! (laughter)


Very gently.


Her plan was to hit Molly. It was a weird plan.


All right. Let's do that. My nature is terrible, which is ironic. But I rolled a natural 20, so that should do.


UFC.


Steelbringer's Forge?


Thank god! Such an asshole.


Empress o' the drow? Or o' Marrow Valley?


Okay, I will cast Bigby's Hand! And I will pick up the sword and I will use it to hit not the guy whose sword it was, but the guy closest to me.


Are you still you, Scanlan, just in another body?


Yeah, good.


What is the white dragon going to do--


No, you can--


So in the middle of the night, I'd like to swing by the kitchen--


Maybe hummingbirds, something, the teensiest bird you can think of.


Can you make fart sounds with your armpits?


Percy! Aw. (laughter)


We should go back. One hoo for-- I start flying back.


And the armed on horseback that were with the Briarwoods when they came in?


Oh, see, look. They're doing it right now.


Okay. Do I see any kind of trap to the lock?


A beholder? What's that?


Good job getting slammed into the roof like that.


It's pretty fucking Hollywood. I kind of like it.


I probably should have stayed up on the dragon there.


We will use this to make notes.


With two platinum left over.


Water would be lovely.


Yes! 32.


Anybody else ascend to new heights? No?


No, I'm not asking. I was going to help you, but if you have it, you're good.


Eight, nine, ten, 11.


I'm going to use the rest of my movement to duck in there. I want to try and spin all the way back so I'm completely out of sight. Is that door open?


Ashley, what did you roll?


Why don't you do it? I'll just drink-- I need just a little loosener.


I need to be a whale.


We're going to be looking for a gem shop. And also, if there's an herb shop. I've been meaning to learn how to make healing potions. I've gotten a little bit of a basic understanding.


How long a drop was it?


Shit. Balls. Taint. Five.


It's the last thing.


And instead of a d10, I'll hit him with a one-handed versatile d8. Reckless. Natural 20. (cheers and laughter)


Couple of hours to get there. It's fine. It's nine. It's seven--


I think it would be good to create a distraction. We go in, save the prisoners and then take out the camp.


I think she's already so delighted with you. That might be a terrible idea.


So you'd be fucked.


Do I find anything interesting on the body?


No, I'd rather not. No, I was just wondering, do you know how long Korshad usually hangs out here every night?


I'm leaving. I'm going away.


No, that's not what I'm saying at all.


(laughing) Yeah! Actually, me and Alex Lewis / I8athumbtack are doing more music videos and funny stuff. Thank you for asking.


Humanoid, that's it?


Yeah, no.


The cutest swear ever.


And we're behind a gate? And there's workers everywhere?


So, here's the damage for the attack. Ooh. Two, seven, is nine, plus-- Ooh.


I would like to stride over to Bigby's Hand, and can I take out a level-- It's not level two, what do you call it? Not superior, but the middle one.


It's really that late? Oh, he's very old.


I give him the Keen Dagger and say, hold this. It's a loner. It's very sharp. Be careful with it, all right? If you get caught on your own, stab. That's all you got to do, is stab.


Oh no, we're going to get there, but I figure we give him the full tour.


I'll make a perception check too. I'm at the doorway.


I feel like that would be real hard to do quickly, so I'm impressed!


Well, not all terrible.


What? It should be right there.


And they're temporary, not--


Oh great, because I could totally use some help.


Oh no, it's just a real snake, it's biting you!


(whispering) Can you do that thing again?


(confused battle cry) Continuing on, I'm going to leap across and see if I can do a jump and a slap with the staff on top.


You may come pick up your gold from Castle Greyskull in the morning. It will be waiting for you, of course, sir. In the meantime, here is 20 gold for your trouble. On top of the gold you will be expecting for all fines imposed.


Airsoft shot to the nuts.


Yep. I like that. Then you two try to get into the office somehow?


All right. Oh, Pike!


I'm going to walk up to the hull and be like--


Heirloom. Artisinal.


I mean, also, if we want to get, y'know, pinched and put into this prison, what are the chances that we-- if we start shit here, are we just going to get killed in the streets? Or dragged off? It doesn't seem very solid to me, but I don't have any other idea.


Maybe it came back to life?


Okay, let's everyone back up.


We have to rest. We're all severely injured.


You put clothes on your horse? That's a great idea.


Are we in any kind of favored terrain right now?


Fuck. I'll hang back.


It is a one? Nope, it's a one!


I did one, two, let's jump to five.


Oh god. That's a nine.


No, no, no. The tremor deals 50 bludgeoning damage to any structure in contact with the ground in your area when you cast the spell, and at the start of each of your turns until the spell ends, and the spell lasts a minute.


Trinket popped out and he saved us. Trinket fucking saved us, Scanlan!


Somebody asked a fun one, they asked if we play, what's our favorite video game?


So! Let me tell you about the murderers we are dealing with.


Let's take a long rest and see if we can get two more.


I do, I got my Street Fighter bag.


Okay, I get advantage. So I'm actually using--


Hey, Nott, now the next step is to get your head underwater. Okay, we're going to take a big breath.


Well, yeah, she sleeps.


Fuck! Only three.


We signed it, after, and left it somewhere.


Of the Feywild?


For sure.


Figured you might.


(whispering) I like tortles. Yeah, we've got somebody who's a bit of a problem we have to deal with as well. This is a completely separate issue.


Oh! Oh, smash!


Visitor. (group laughs) No, on the backside. The winner is Yareth. Congratulations. Thank you for subscribing and paying attention and being in the chatroom and being awesome. We're gonna go ahead and get your information, and we're gonna make sure that you get our awesome first Critical Role giveaway. (group cheers and claps) Well done, Yareth. Thank you for coming.


I know. It's okay.


An entire fucking city.


I feel really good, but I know--


It's all Frank Welker.


Let's roll with this.


Vampires, zombies?


That-- hits.


It's a level 3 spell?


Beaches.


I (gagging).


I mean, you're not a cleric, but - I don't know, he seemed to think he could use your help.


Lots of bar brawls to start. Yeah.


Can I use my sunlight that I have up?


Yes, but don't stand right in front of her when you undo the stone.


It says that now I can, as a bonus action on my turn, move the weapon up to 20 feet and repeat the attack against the creature within five feet of it. So can I swing it around and attack him again from the back?


What? Those are like amazing things.


I'm saying, that is why. So if we threw our rather large friend here in, and do the thing, that will get us control and Clarota can help us manage everyone in the town. Even the slaves will rally.


30 more minutes, 30 more minutes and we'll settle down.


You know, the Grand Poobah needs an assistant.


Some people go both ways.


Natural 20, Motherfucker!


Okay. Oh, good. So that's 22.


Jauntily stealth ahead.


(surprised noises)


Yeah, she's got a whip.


I already did!


It's really nice. It's really nice.


It's a cantrip. I'm going to give you Guidance! I'm doing it! Guidance!


Ash in front.


Oh, he's been in my---


Want a seven-day-old banana?


Can you fill the whole tunnel with water and drown them?


So yeah, that's probably going to be up on our set next week, blessing us with its rose-colored glow. Go watch, if you want to see how we made it. We got this awesome tutorial. It's cool. You can go and learn how to make neon signs yourself.


She didn't. I sort of meant about Kaylie as well, though.


Don't fuck me, Gil. Rolling your die! Wait, a d20 minus one? (laughing) Six total. Goddamn it Gil.


Scanlan Two is going to dump a 3rd-level spell into the Tome of Isolation to reveal the hidden text. Is it only revealed to Scanlan Two, or is it revealed to everyone?


You have almost that much? Holy mo-- (gasps) You have so much money!


A trek.


They rolled really high.


That's a big hand.


Same guy. That's nine points of damage, plus three points of psychic damage.


So 19 points of slashing damage, total?


I'm pretty sure we would have to have an enchantment on our keep that would guard against scrying.


You're due one.


Oh, that's-- we did promise that.


Frumpkin appears on the back of the guy's neck and starts tearing in.


I don't really know. He makes things. Made things, I don't know. His name is Vicou.


Oh god, he's undead.


To where we can see the city and see the road coming to it.


As fast as I could.


Remember the metal mask, that I bought when I was with you? I'm going to put it on.


Yes, actually.


Oh, 22.


That's what I'm thinking. We hide the bodies. We'll bring the bodies inside, too, so that nobody sees them.


We can all hear you. (laughter)


You're in the most expensive hotel in 100 miles and you're in the hallway. That's real fucking funny.


Is it surrounding Pike or is it just next to Pike?


I was going to try and handle that.


You just killed the tree.


I make a giant teal lollipop instead! Here you go.


What? Awesome.


Maybe later. Let's continue on. Which way do we want to go?


You don't even have to do anything. You can just have an hour of their time.


(laughs) Does anybody know that joke outside of this room? Wait, that's right. We Instagrammed it.


(gasps) You nasty woman, you.


Yes, I've never seen a gnome birth, before.


Okay. First attack. All right, ten damage.


Oh, right. I forgot we took it.


I assume so. I don't know. We're going to spend the night, at least.


Thank you, Grog. You did. You really did.


Ah! See! That was acid-resistant, too!


Yeah, I just have to beat the damage, correct? 18.


Can we land? Tiberius?


That was cold.


You never know.


After I've rolled it, I can choose?


Well, two small caves and then a path.


I take a pebble, I throw it all the way towards the platform.


We want to distract around here.


In. So I'm just gonna go like this (hinges creak) and throw a dagger and say peek-a-boo at the same time. (laughter)


Okay. That is 22.


Do I know what the Evening Nip is? Do I recognize that?


Well, maybe we'll just give it a try.


What does it look like when you're looking out at all of us and we're so sad?


Does his strength go up to 100 eventually?


He's licking his ear a lot.


There's Big League Chew on the floor.


Wait, so we all just got clean and we're going to get back into the sewers to get to the Tri-Spires?


Plus two!


And right as I cannonball off of the broom, I release Trinket out of the necklace too so (shouting) double cannonball!


Well, Tary or Doty?


From Yasha, yeah, if it's attacking something else other than her.


All right, first damage. 23 points of damage.


It's actually really cool looking.


Make sure as we leave, we back away. Back away.


As I trail backwards behind her you hear twins, motherfucker! (laughter)


Two flyers, plus the carpet.


Vex, we're going to have the greatest I-told-you-so if we survive this.


Our illustrious god just told us it's better to stick to the road because there's bad things--


It's got gilding on the sides. Everything shines.


Why, thank you.


Rats are going to be wonderful.


30,000 gold pieces from where?


(singing) I think we’re alone now!


I flick off some of the beetles off of the goat meat. That's mine! Get off!


We suck at this.


Would you know where to get a Silence spell, out of curiosity?


Of course I do, dear. Have a wonderful night's sleep.


Make our leave?


Well, I was going to ask, you do know what is beset upon this city, right? The horrible calamity that's coming?


Oh, I like that! I pictured him with black, slicked-back, greasy hair in a ponytail.


I mean, they already know we're here.


I can do that at higher levels? Yes?


So that big demon, that like body slammed me on that spike? Piece of shit. I took this ring off of his finger, forever ago. And I kept it. I take it out.


Thanks for seeing us.


I've never heard a soldier say, "Ah, blue sparkly poo!" I feel like she didn't get that from a soldier.


I'm going to where I dropped her off at the sewers. And I'm hoping that he can track or something?


Aah!


A roll off! I get to roll again! (laughter)


So you're pulling him towards you?


That's lucky.


I'm going to read them.


Oh, for fuck's sake. I'm going to do my best.


Damn it. I was going to say, I wait and watch all my friends get out.


Yeah, just scry while we're eating breakfast.


Pike holds, breathing hard, looking at them coming on.


I'm not at a hundred, but I'm okay.


They're fucking huge.


That will release the Hold Person.


No, that's disgusting!


I don't know if Pike--


Wait, just so I'm clear  Do you get a full release massage while you're eating a steak or something?


Yes. I prefer him as a cat, to be honest, but in a pinch.


Am I 60 feet?


What's wrong with this? I'm from a strange land. My customs are my own.


Anything happens?


Seeing my friend Caleb down, I'm filled with a mighty rage and I will draw my crossbow, load my Burning Bolt, and run at it screaming and firing.


In Doodie?


Well then. Let's see. Where am I?


Which is that we're amazing.


Why did Pom-Pom take you out of there?


Oh, that would go to shit anyway.


If you feed it though, she becomes unbearable. Just temper that a little bit.


Caleb (clicks). Nott.


Okay, I'll move up.


That's going to miss anyway, and the second one. They both miss.


She gives it three or four more hits on the ground out of frustration.


We definitely made a deal between ourselves before we came down here: no contracts, no deals.


I'm going to start working with that door.


Oh, because I was holding my turn. So now we're up to me? Okay. Oh, great, this is fun. I'll stand up out of the lava. There's a guy above me, right? The pit fiend? Wow, that's fun. Yep, okay, sure. Wait, who's dead? Okay, I'll Healing Word the dead person, the Vex. I will sing to her, (singing) Don't you give up, no, no, no! I won't give up, no, no, no! Let me heal you! Let me heal you!


No one would know that you were forced out of your home. Everyone thinks that this was your choice, that you're being charitable.


Recycling.


You can do it, Grog! I don't know what he wants, but figure it out!


I knock.


Human? Human footprints?


Until it resists, that's no good.


We're quite the opposite of low profile.


He gets to sleep on the bed.


That could help.


No good.


Marquis Demesne.


Well, we're having a pirate battle.


Oh, that will be perfect.


And then I look at Vax and Percy, and say--


Away. (laughter)


If he's telling us the truth. 26.


That's all right. Go for a ride.


I'll be behind the tree.


(laughing) Oh my god, I'm going to die.


It was an interesting challenge, thank you. We had a rather good time with that one.


Oh. My god. Drop the chain they're holding on to?


The tree is called the Sun Tree. It's Pelor's tree. I'm not a cleric of Sarenrae, but these shitbags could not have set up camp in a temple of Sarenrae because there is too much goodness there, as there was around this tree in this town, and it's why it is dead. It's why it's being surrounded by a bunch of giant undead things, as you described. You need faith, Scanlan Shorthalt.


Yeah, super personable.


So let's make him six feet tall.


You see very short, nubby teeth, with scratches and divots and chips on the top.


I hate that phrase.


Is this investigation or perception?


What did you do? See? I'm glad I Hunter's Marked him. What did you trade? What did you get?


It is what I live for! Ten!


What? It sounds cool.


I'll take out my dagger and dig into his torso.


It's drugs?


That's what I figured.


You know, if it's crustacean-y and it's treating this tower as a shell, maybe I don't want to fight it in there.


I'm trying to get the gold out from the wall.


He likes it.


Well, nobody farted in our wine tonight. We had to drink it regular.


Oh, that's right!


I want to know for my own sake.


Everyone's at disadvantage with me, just a reminder.


Roll a 20.


The Rug of Smothering.


He could tuck.


I'm done. I'm done.


Yeah, that's still.


I take my canteen and clean Jester up and trying to help her out. Now that the adrenaline's wearing off, I'm feeling a little guilty.


Well, hold on, we were just getting warmed up, I mean, this is where the game starts, you know, it's like, P-I-N-G and then you really start playing.


No, not to kill.


Let's all get caught.


Is it working right now?


Frumpkin can do whatever. Frumpkin will run towards Jester and get between-- where's Nott?


Feed the fish. Wait, quick question. Krakens don't like use shells do they like a crab?


Is it the joy of taking the things or do you just like gifts?


We have oats, they'll come back.


All right, so I'm gonna stab him in the eye. One. Plus the sneak attack damage is two, four, ten, 13, 19, 38, plus seven-- 45.


Do we roll for initiative at this point?


Everybody looks like the Raven Queen. (all laugh)


Oh, no, he put it up next to our alcove. So, they just kind of passed by our alcove.


Heck yeah.


I push Scanlan a bit up ahead of me.


Let's all meet in the sitting room in ten minutes. So let's have anybody on the Council meet there in ten minutes. I'll send word to the guards to get everybody where they need to be. If anything's out of sort, it will instantly reported to us.


An armored bear.


I will. I will look.


Did the wind blow you out, or did you fight against the wind to leave? Was this east, is this west, where is this?


Is Percy back yet?


What's a duergar?


I want to kill her so hard. (strained) I want her to die.


I don't even know what we're doing.


One plus two plus one plus one!


Your life is complete.


Why did I do this? Tonight?


I just squeeze the cheeks, and I look at my books!


Sure. We might need to find out where she lives tonight, though.


Is he heading deeper into the sewers the way the spiders were?


Molly doesn't speak for me. I feel like I can hold my own pretty well.


I could give you thumbs up as you're doing it.


But wait, wasn't there some other name, the little--


I'm peeking in the door.


Both of us are looking for it. We're flying up. Can you fly? So, we can fly up. I was going to help you look for it because I figure you have a better ability to collapse it than I do.


To Big Lots.


It's almost as good as the Kerrek letter, you guys!


But I want to be underground. I'm there, but I'm still underground right now.


Oh, they already did. Okay, I didn't catch it. You rolled badly? Oh no.


So you're not a kitty cat?


I fell asleep in my sketchbook, halfway through my drawing of the two zombie guards making out.


I will use my disguise kit and try to make it look like they've got scales on them. They will probably know the people in their own fucking village, though. Let's be honest.


Ten dragon scales, the end.


Things.


Yeah, famili-- Do you mind if I-- is it wet?


Yasha can speak that, no?


That's a six, that's a 1d6. Hey! Great!


We could just go, we could just leave, it's just fine. It's good.


Well, I've never been good at stories.


I think you choose it, but it's a radius effect.


I will cast Seeming on the party and make us all Draconians.


You're fast.


Vax sees it fly over his head, and watches it pass. (all laugh)


Is there anybody running out?


Do I have time to do a thing?


This one broke his jaw almost off of his face, and then his skull was burned to ash. We murdered everyone in that house who was not a farmer. It is empty.


Is it more or less forceful?


I don't think it's a good idea but if we're going to check it out you and I should go ahead. Yeah, let's go.


I'm not doing anything, but I'm holding a dagger and just watching Percy, and aiming at Percy.


Oh my gosh! That's so good!


If I throw you over to her, can you Revivify?


Do I need to take off running again?


There's no safe place to hide. He can see us everywhere. We should go.


Did you see that I went invisible?


I turn my back to him and I say, he can read our lips as well as I can.


-- promise keepers. Yes, dear.


Speak in Morse code.


Don't do this! I made this mistake before. It could be alive.


Half-elves have advantage on charm.


I don't, no. I don't have any questions. None.


The pipe?


You get a 1d10 bonus against a roll versus him. It's to knock him down a peg.


Not in Whitestone. I think we're pretty landlocked.


They're like the ocean.


Do I have to take new aim or can I have myself already trained on--


That's very ineffective for battle, Matt.


And I ask Scanlan to dispel the stank cloud.


That sounds lovely. What is actually available at this hour at this establishment?


Don't fight, play with this.


There's only one person I can take.


I told you we were holy.


There's no room for anything else in there.


Like, attractive?


I saw it. I'll point down.


Liam will be the doctor.


Elijah Wood.


Perception is four, but I rolled a 24 on my fourth--


Me? Oh, for Pike.


We have a gnome.


Can you get me out of there once they come to attack?


No, just the leader that was eating something that didn't look like an animal. It looked small.


Oh yas, queen.


I'll Polymorph.


We have a lot of errands to do?


Wait, Shadowfell?


I'm just saying, if they reveal themselves at the same time.


Just in the game.


So when she heals anyone--


Go in the lake. Quick, go into the lake!


The beast.


I don't think Vax has ever had one of Percival's bullets go right by his ear. It is unsettling.


I'm going to check and see if the door is trapped.


Are we going to feel that influence in tonight's game?


I-- yes. (laughter)


Oh, I'm not coming with you. Don't worry, darling. Yes, it's downstairs in the third basement-- I don't know! (laughter)


That's okay. It's a good plan. I think this plan is a good plan.


This may be how they move freely.


I've never seen them before?


It's a blood orange orchard.


Just hundreds and hundreds of NES classics.


And I walk backwards, still facing him to the edge of the pit, and I hoist Vax up.


There, that's better.


From perfect memory, I duplicate what she just did.


Hi, Liam!


He's a little tiny mosey--


(laughing) That eyebrow.


As soon as she does that-- do I see this?


Question  did we ever get the father and son out of the cage?


Great, I really like it here so that's good that we get to stay so long.


I'm going to start heading back up.


Why don't we go just up ahead and scout?


Pardon, what is the total of the staff's payment?


Do I have enough-- can I get the other guy?


I'll cast Silence right in the center of the room.


I have a cowboy who just rode into the sunset, you guys.


Somewhere between 15 and 20.


Are there any enemies left on the map?


I have heard that word before.


Lady Kima, Clarota, may I suggest you take the first watch?


You don't really have to wear it, it's just something you get to own. But I also had a piece of jewelry commissioned for everybody.


Yeah. Now is the time.


Yeah, are you?


But I'll be there. Is anybody else gonna be there?


Pull her out of here!


I take out my rod and make it a dagger and set it on fire.


Pike, are you okay?


And I can I say anything over my head-- My earring? Without the gnomes hearing me, I want to go, it's not real. It's not real. They're fucking us.


I'm doing the eagle glide.


Ask about the Bastion of Flesh.


Fluffernutter! [music]


While my sister's looking at her shit, I bogart Trinket and climb up onto him, use him like a sleeping bag and cuddle into his softest warm parts and fall asleep.


Whatever. (laughter)


Can I peek outside?


Mr. Clay!


They're shooting mittens, and you're so uncouth.


I fucking hate doors. Don't we all?


It's fine, don't be mad.


Anna. I'm going to take a leap of faith and believe, contrary to all evidence, that you are a smart woman. I pull out the gun, and I put it to her head. Now. If you were the Briarwoods, where would you put my sister?


Grog just knocked.


Ever?


You do retweet Cute Emergency quite a lot.


(whispering) Why was he talking to Yasha?


Did they make friends with Trinket?


Blood flow, she's fine.


Have you ever seen those cat things before?


It doesn't trigger anything, at least.


You've done this.


Where's your pisser?


Yeah. Where is it? I'm so excited. I want to hear your white noise.


It says wisdom, but I don't know.


How far back can I pull him?


You sent me a thing-- let's go with that. Hold up. Giant eagle, dexterity is 17, plus three.


What? Yeah, you know I don't like talking.


As soon as the animals come out, I go to talk to the barkeep.


There's a third basement?


I'm gonna take Craven Edge and I'm gonna stab him into the sand. And I'm gonna take out the Firebrand Warhammer instead.


She can see how fucked up we are.


--a keyhole?


Pssh. We'll see--


Okay. I will point down the street away from us and go (hissing) and cast Major Image, and I will summon the image of a manticore, a large manticore roaring and thrashing in the streets.


Ah! What does that do?


I feel bad for this thing.


Sorry.


Ooh, that's Vax numbers.


Okay. Well then, let's do two dryads.


You don't?


As spies!


25 if you really had to? Take a break?


All right. All in favor of going to the duergar village and facing the giant fucker.


Yeah, totally away from him.


Well, I love you Ashley. I do.


Please? Yes, that would be wonderful.


I went to get them to tell them about the thing that we found.


All controlled by the Soltryce.


Always. Hey, we're sort of in size order!


As soon as I see her do that, I start swatting Fjord on the back to wake him up.


I'll work with that.


I think I could lock the whole dragon in.


Okay, I saw a bit of this go down.


If I could ask, have you seen-- fuck, Wilhand?


I hover down near it, but don't get off the broom.


(slurring) We're fine.


Oh, fuck! Did you get horse kicked?


Natural explorer, primeval awareness.


Well, how were we going to have a feast? We were in a big board meeting and then we came here.


We've got to.


He is?


That's pretty long. Too long.


That looks solid from here.


Is it not that bad or is it just slightly above awful?


I think we will just leave the coat, Beauregard.


Some of us are done.


Why are you sleeping outside? You have a bed upstairs!


You know what? Fuck her. I'm going to heal myself. (laughter)


Not now.


-- plus five, ten! I rarely do this one, kids.


The swords are not glowing anymore.


The art, yeah. The vases.


How are you doing? Oh, sorry.


An airship sounds wonderful, Percy, but--


How well do you know Lord Sutan’s place and the area?


50 to 60 feet deep.


In the cavern? In the tunnel?


Can he add it now?


How are we-- what are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?


I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing over to everybody over there. So, Keyleth, Percy, Scanlan, Shale.


Dude, you have to say good-bye.


It's more likely that this thing is sitting in a pool of stilted water. It's probably not encased in a passageway of stone, because how did it get there?


We've come a long way.


It will simply just heat it.


In my stomach?


I have a feeling it's an offering.


Well, then hop on.


He can just edge along the top of the iron, yeah?


(laughs) That's better than us! (laughter)


Think of the baby! Stay calm.


No, I mean half of me's interested, the other half's terrified, so I'm just kind of curious.


Oh, that's right, I suppose there is the matter of testimony.


I mean, just from a metagaming scenario, that's not even-- that can't even hurt--


I take out my broken shawm and I (piercing whistle). And I cast Counterspell on him.


Thoroughly unsatisfying for anyone else who might be witnessing this exchange.


Oh, no, he's so weird. I can hear you moving around me.


I want some magic tattoos!


And no dragons!


How far are we falling?


Yeah, but that Fireball was super low.


So big fangs. Probably fucking pincers. You know (clicking). Yeah. So watch your shit.


No, it continues writing, right? Potentially, there's a book.


Yeah. Oi, you. Oi.


Time is a flat circle.


It is all upper body, yeah.


Any change in our bodies or anything?


Yeah. I've been lifting lots of horses and mules and stuff.


12d6? Holy shit.


Doesn't look like it's dangerous. Looks safe.


Oh shit. But you can leave her out in the open.


Thank you, Caleb. I tasted a baby once, just once. I didn't know, they were handing around a bowl. I didn't know what was in it, and then later somebody said there was like-- I mean, they put a bunch of different meat in there. How was I supposed to know that it was like a goulashy thing?


Wait, wait, wait, Vex or Vax?


Why do you want us to die? What a shitty question.


Nobody else spoke up. 14.


I've got to stop complimenting you, it does not lead to good moments. I walk away.


Is he stealthing right now and he's actually in the room?


So I'll try keeping my eyes closed and start walking towards it.


Do you want to help me?


Oh. Just a less handsome one.


We rest here. We take shifts. We should be fine.


We'll all try and keep each other alive.


I need a house. Can I take her branches and make one?


If you, if you do your nature-y spell from inside a building, does it still do the same thing or do you have to be next to the tree while you're doing it?


And I have a question. At some point I'm in the mix?


Do you do anything?


Okay, eight?


Oh, yeah. Shit.


I wouldn't touch that!


Disney and Capcom will be calling.


Yeah, he was funny, and he also helped us, and he also enjoyed us because we were weird.


Plus an action surge for a second attack set of three. So I'm basically going-- Yeah.


I run up and try to look at the body.


Oh. All right.


We've seen those cords before. Do not touch that!


We should go to the Shadowfell and fucking end this before she sets out her armies everywhere.


Yeah. Sure, yeah. Lock me up first.


Kill it.


And start heading in, and I'm going to get-- I'm going to get myself down and I'm taking a shot at the horn.


(agreeing elemental grunts) (heavy thud)


Wait, what are you agreeing with? That he's nice or that he's working for the Empire?


She can shoot her arrow--


Can you talk to him? (louder) Can you talk to him?


Okay, then I'll go to Molly first. Sorry, Yasha.


Trying to spread that good word.


Yeah, I have Dispel Magic.


We could. How about this?


I hand Yasha one of the ten gold that Beau gave me. This is Beau's money, so I think she'd want you to purchase them.


As I'm holding her--


You're putting your neck out for Toya for some strange reason and I don't know why, she's perfectly capable of handling herself.


Locked. Okay, it's through this door, though!


Oh God, oh God. Oh God, over extended.


(pigeon coo) How about a few sails?


This is terrible. I haven't had this much fun in a long time. Let's go do it. I'll cast Seeming on us and make us all gray, pointy-eared, little Nosferatu-vampirey things, I suppose. Did I see the thing that skittered out?


Anyone who hasn't seen any of the first season--


- he didn’t seem to be affected.


(stammers) It's been a long few weeks.


You forgot about Dranzel. Those motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dranzel. (laughter)


How high up is it?


You never do.


I don't think we should go in there.


Where would he go?


My first crit with my new gun, which was also my first kill with my new gun.


That's basically all of our choices at this point.


Now it's demeaning.


That was hilarious.


Vax, do you want to go look?


I'd like to-- everybody hold.


Is there anybody still in that hallway?


Let's move the fountain. Put some rubies in some eyeballs.


I think I would want to be Japanese because it would be a whole different cultural experience.


Not liked by the rest of the city, then?


But how will I drink?


Vex never lied about the loot we found.


And I feel like that's a little out of order.


I went to NYU.


Also, there is no other magic around this room in the walls or anything, right?


He needs to run an errand back in Kraghammer. Is there any way you could hook us up with a favor?


Fairies?


That was not me meta-gaming, chat.


22


We were actually headed to the Run. It does sound pretty cool.


First is-- ew. 14?


The fuck happened?


I knew someone like that once. They would always go fishing and say that they caught something, but they never did.


It is charmed by you until the spell ends or until your companions do anything harmful to it. When the spell ends-- It doesn't say anything about it not being in combat.


Bit of a little side conversation. I slap down the rest of my Goldschläger.


I'm going to need a little bit of that money to fix my gun, too, which is very broken.


Let's throw them down the hole!


With more of us than are even here.


Is it worth cutting through some of this stuff?


Light


It's so tempting. I'm so tempted to just bust through there.


All right. I'll go check it for traps. That's a 28. No, 26.


That is 22.


Bye, Grog.


That we're totally different.


I wasn't saying that, but I don't mind.


Yeah, or Sophie. It's always a Sophie.


It was quite a situation. It was either the worg or Aldor, and I would do anything to save Aldor. What did he look like, when you saw him?


And it has to make a constitution saving throw.


He healed me back to my age.


So we have a really good vantage right now.


Oh, in the field of bone shards.


We head towards the ship.


Do you think that this is going to lead to some serious fighting? Because it sounds like these Vestiges are well-guarded.


And you cast a spell so we can't use Pass Without a Trace Anymore? So that's 24.


They're both out of visual range, right?


I thought they could be trapped under the wall or something.


All right. Oh, that's fine! That's a 30.


Well, hang on. What are we doing from here? Because it's going to dictate what I pick.


I take him and I pull him aside. I know that you've been avoiding me. And I just have to say, I don't know who this-- I don't know who or what this Raven Queen is, and I think that's what scares me the most. But I know if you're choosing a life of faith or whatever you want this to be, I'm happy for you.


A little bit of hot sauce.


So its range is probably like 100 feet.


And he wanted a hat, how bad could he honestly be?


The regular buttons or the magic ones?


Hellish Rebuke!


Send them below.


Pocket owl. Right next to my bacon.


(yells) We'll be in the pub! (laughter)


That's too many people on the carpet.


It'll go straight to the bottom.


Three man-hours?


We need supplies. We need to parlay with our allies. We need lots of chains.


Seven minus three!


Okay. I was curious if he has a blind spot or not.


I'll use Uncanny Dodge for, I guess, that one.


I do still have some spells left. It depends on what you want to do, though, and what I have prepared.


I will. Bye, Tibsy. I give him a hug.


I'm going to stand over here and fail to stay in character, okay? (laughter)


How far down is that? Does everybody see?


That's what fish say.


Cool mom.


Oh, but that was badass! She had a cool fucking office, I guess.


Subtle, guys.


What? Don't blow my cover.


(Grog voice) I would like to rage.


And the second one. That'll hit, too. That's a natural 17.


It's like Rocky IV.


Do you want me to shoot the arrow for you?


Sure, yeah, of course. That's normally how I like to travel.


(singing) Scanlan Man, Scanlan Man. Does whatever a Scanlan can. Makes a guy, pushes buttons, Scanlan Man-- I'm out.


Just on the cusp. So that's my 1d10 plus my 1d6 plus my other 1d6. Is that right? Yeah. That's 15, 22 points of damage plus five points of psychic damage and two points of necrotic damage.


Wait, he has to roll at disadvantage. Cloak.


Whatever is further in the sandpit. I told everyone to stand back.


Oh, they found out about that.


You know where you are?


I think I can take this thing.


(yells) Just drop me!


How wide is your spell?


Uh, I rolled a 16.


We've been here, what, ten minutes?


Oh yeah! Use mine! They just did very good.


Why don't we just ask him?


And also steal 185 gold, which we did not disburse.


Yeah, are you hungry?


I've already done my dumb stuff for the day.


Are we doing the level four thing now?


The magical aura's coming from the mouth of the cave?


In this room?


Let's get the fuck out of here.


It's dark outside, too?


Can I take a short rest while everyone's doing this?


Hitting him again. Same thing, with a Grit.


Okay, we do not want to follow this bunny rabbit down the hole.


Cloine.


We have a map!


Yes I am.


Let's do it. We'll make a detour to go closer to that on the way to the Open Quay.


I like that logic.


Yeah, but with advantage on strength checks now.


Can I run up to him and say  (old raspy voice) You, please, over here! I've seen one of those creatures! It's tearing into him and it's horrible. Please, come quickly!


That felt really good, guys!


Shut up, Scanlan.


It's really cool.


I think he's got two glass eyes.


And then I'll go oh! Then I wink at you.


Picking that lock. We are in here for another seven hours and 40 minutes.


I know. 23!


I'm gonna join in on this history check as well.


I don't know how to let her know-- I don't know what to do.


That's nine points of damage. I would love to just kick that fucker right into the--


I came out of that with a favor.


How are you feeling, Fjord?


These two assholes up there on the top of the Zauber Spire.


A little burny?


You can't heal the disease. We can't control this orb. There's nothing else we can do.


Lord Briarwood, we may share a mutual friend or acquaintance of some sort. My father was a prominent doctor, and he may have studied medicine with a fellow that you know named Dr. Ripulah, Ripley? Dr. Ripley? Do you know such a person?


Pretty good. 18.


Is it like if you roll below a certain thing you hit yourself instead?


No, no keg. This is fantasy and magic. Fuck the blackpowder keg.


Yeah, no, I think a little treeline rest would be a good idea. Before we go anywhere else.


Negative two to his AC.


Well, then fucking get in there and help him.


Well, we can get them here, and then save those for another--


He is terrible.


No, we can stay in the open. I send Frumpkin up into the air over the party, 100 feet in the air.


I'm burping garlic.


Maybe not. (sighs) Maybe we should go find the others.


I-- Because I moved and I'm not near anything.


Matt, that soda pop looks like you're drinking it out of a wine glass.


(stammers) Okay, let's fly! Ahoy!


I gave him a secret!


What are these?


I got it. Could you tell him to look in the corner?


You're right. I do want to see Old Punchy Man.


Rah. That's what rocks say.


That means you can attack and then disengage for free. That's amazing!


Allura has it.


Yeah, we should go. We should know all we can know.


Come on, Pikey.


We mentioned about going and looking to see if a Tasker would be up to it. There were the Taskers, and there were the other group of hired workers.


End this.


There's bears.


Yes, we do. We know some high-ranking clerics. We know the Slayer's Take. We met a bunch of people up there.


From being attacked physically.


That was great!


I'm looking in, I'm like, oh, that's no good. I look at where he made the crack in the armor, where is that, is that in the head?


Yasha and I will take a door.


So we have these two assholes in front of us.


What else do you need?


You're awake.


I mean, I'm sure many, but -


No, not the cube.


Yeah, dexterity save, man. Area effect.


Every time we have one of these big fights--


Do you find yourself sitting behind a wooden structure most of the day? Something flat like this? Like a desk or a table?


Do we know anything about where we're going?


The twins like.


Half the team gets into position on the top of that thing. The other half splits off, drops the giant, the giant goes apeshit for like a minute. Right? Drawing help away from the beholder, drawing attention down there. We wait for a minute, then start pouring acid and Grog smashes it with his fucking forehead.


What is this information? You don't even need to tell me what it is, but that would be worth quite a lot, and what you knew would have to be worth quite a lot.


Thank you for your validation.


Drop Seeming, just drop it.


Well, a cart was just the thing I was needing. What say we hang out?


That's a ways.


Did you see how that dice did that? It was like, fuck you. 24.


How much is that running for?


The range. The range of Grasping Vine.


If I have the Death Ward, I will pop back up.


Why? Why would I do that?


Is the Quay inside The Skew?


Peace!


I figured it was and Caleb was lying to us the whole time.


Any sign of her, Kash?


About this area. It's pretty limited.


He wants a coconut radio.


I'm sure that some lucky dragon's going to come and shit in your bed. It'll be fine.


God damn it. 22.


Tiamat's the bad guy.


I try really hard not to start laughing.


Eating chicken that he found on the road.


As a druid, would I recognize if this is an air elemental situation?


We haven't healed him yet.


Okay! (laughter)


You are now Michonne, from Walking Dead. You got two zombies.


Box-box, and then inside is a box-crate, and inside that is tiny-bag-crate.


That's a success.


That's a question for you, as well, Percival.


(drum beat) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme]


Can I assist him?


Oh, I have to roll for that?


The temporary hit points never go back up, right?


I'm going to examine the sand, and just gently dig around to see what's around. This is fascinating, I'm just digging for whatever.


I'm walking up to Keyleth and I'm grabbing her by the shirt and I'm going to slap her across the face.


Can we ask who actually contracted it?


You're exhausted.


I'm going to pull out a rag and do my veiled lantern thing with Dancing Lights.


Yeah, what if you're there-- what if it comes out of that door?


Yeza?


It will make for a train, which will not get them all within what I need. Maybe two of them.


All right. What do I roll again? 20? 12.


Was it on the priest?


Yeah, roll those and add two more. Or roll them twice. Yeah, there you go. Four of those.


Can I Detect Magic on any of them?


All gone. All dead.


But she's still lying unconscious?


Nice. And then I can't do anything because I'm grappled, so I can't even move.


It can do a thousand square feet of surface? I mean, I learn from you in a moment?


Plus somebody's going to be super danger close right off the bat.


Better double-check that.


Roll for contact there?


Maybe one of them is our friend Mr. Mistoffelees.


I can't bend. Whoa.


On the first one. We celebrated too soon. A natural 20 and a seven! So 14.


Can you Polymorph Trinket into a man?


Anything I set my mind to, if I have enough raw materials.


Yeah, well, so after you, you know, made the flirt talk, that I was watching.


Do we have a way to get him there very quickly?


Well, we're also in the Feywild.


No, I think I'm good.


He's the guy with the-- yeah. Pull it off for sure.


But my feelings are growing for you a little bit in a weird way and I'm not sure what it is, but we'll figure it out. I'm confused.


Okay, shop then tavern?


Look at that  one. 19!


Ulog sacrificed himself. He killed himself and the Richter.


I'll bark out  Make sure the sails are open, tighten all the everything off, and then check the exterior of the ship if you can just for breaks in the wood, fire marks, any damage that you can see.


We have an owl.


I do like New Vax's tenacity.


Not all of us are lucky enough to have a lineage in a lifespan.


There is no comma, there is no comma!


Are we doing another giveaway?


Yeah, I have all of my ki points left. More or less. All but one. Yep.


You need healing.


I love you so much.


How is he feeling?


Does Nott's cloak unattune if they take it off?


I'm going to take a walk around this little ruin. I'm going to have the little Light spell up, see if there's any writing on anything, any carvings. I'm going to have Eyes of the Grave up again. I'm going to be looking for any undead.


Caleb's hiding.


I'm just worried that this will rust if I don't get it dry soon, so if I could get some towels, or maybe someone to fan it off, that would be great. Thank you.


(whispering) We made them!


Everybody, hop on.


Wait! You're out?


Let's go around to the side of the building.


So I was told.


--next game.


You know the dodecahedron thing.


We have days left.


18 and 18? I can use the-- yeah, I only have one reaction, so. All right.


Thank you for opening your doors.


That was the cutest.


The weak stuff. Yeah. I think they call it regret?


Okay. Seeing Vex jump in and seeing Percy stick his head in a wall, I run up to the fire column.


That's obvious.


I had this dream that I was walking in this field and then there was this banana tree right in front of me and I climbed it and I got some bananas and then they turned bad really fast.


Yeah. It's fine, let's go. I don't know what I missed. I can go wherever everybody wants to go.


Hold.


Is eight.


So it's like a battleground?


I think it's brilliant. Brilliant.


It's midday. This guy's like, "Fucking money tourists."


Literally everything coming back to haunt me. Okay, cool.


To the platinum temple?


This is just plus my dex, right? Do I get my attack bonus?


I unlocked the door and I've walked ten feet.


Walking will help.


Fin, fin.


Do I have advantage because he's fucked at the moment?


Oh my god, you and the 19s!


(garbled) Okay.


That, or the AC of Wood.


Is the ink normal?


Yeah. We could go back to old-school days and I could always go Minxie. Little intimidation check?


Oh my god, please.


Well, we have two sticks.


Not a good day for Caleb.


Wait, hold on. (high-pitched cries) I'm Yelping it. (laughter)


Thank you. That's what I needed. I got an 18. Sorry, I got a 29. And that is eight plus 14, 22, six, seven, 32.


I've always loved, "My cabbages!"


Between two hills.


I actually want to hover around to the city side. And I want to look and see what's going on with the crowd downstairs.


Great, I jump off the carpet. I cast Fly on myself.


It's one action. It's one fucking action. I just looked it up for that reason. That's not good. That's not a good initiative at all.


I will confirm everything but "for quite some time" to the room.


We're sizing up the other home.


I would like to give you 60 gold now for that much incense. I understand you only have about 20 now, but I know you're good for the rest, so I'll just pay in advance.


Hello Darrow.


I...


Oh my god! (laughter)


It's apparating poo.


I wait for her to nod. Okay, that's enough.


It looks cool.


I fell over, I was so impressed.


Battling it the last two seconds.


We didn't heal ourselves.


What's too big?


Ohhhh.


I tried to save her. I was like, get the hint, what's going on?


We can go visit one of them. I'm not there.


I want to start taking shots as high up as I can see, I want to start taking shots at these things.


Yes, this is my second message. My second message: that looked like me but it wasn't me, don't worry, I'm very much alive, and I love you very much, and I'll be home soon.


I want to see, if I bamf into Frumpkin, if I can hear anything below.


I feel like one person with magic should go with them. I'll go with them.


Scanlan! What are you doing? Cast it!


Not a line of credit?


I know what's needed back there. I've got access to money. They have wagons and labor. I know most of the people in town, so I'm not going to do it myself, but I know who-- honestly, anyone who runs a farm is a better organizer than any modern small business owner.


What job?


I mean, we can't go invisible, we can't be as like--


Let's do it. We're out.


That's badass. I like that.


Whoa. Look at how pretty those lava bubbles look!


You know, I have a similar problem when I try to talk to cows. They have face-blindness.


Much appreciated!


I mean if we trust Tooma to hold up her part of the bargain, that dragon is coming here.


I feel like we should try to--


Oh, that was Carol. Very sad, very sad indeed.


I think I had a good adventure today. But I didn't die. So, minus the Prismatic Spray, that's 6000 gold taken off. Minus the wear and tear on my armor and equipment, that's another 5000 taken off.


Yeah. I'm going to do it. I'm going to try sharpshooter again.


Yeah. Stumpy, short. Big teeth.


Not for very long.


Pass Without a Trace? Is that still in effect?


11. So I'm at 34 points.


Let's head home?


No! It's okay because I rented it! I pull the covers off.


The spinning column--


Thorbir. Do you have an extra sword or arm on you? Perhaps a shortsword?


Whoa, it's so heavy. (all but Taliesin laugh)


Not that big of a town.


Maybe we should just let them leave.


That's all right. We did our due diligence. We poked it and we prodded it.


But do we need help getting arrested? I'm kind of with Grog! All I have to do is walk out into the square and open my mouth, and then I'll get arrested.


(sadly) We've got to get him to his family.


Oh, I did not add the necrotic.


Perception check?


Replacing the guns that you threw into a pit of acid.


Keen Dagger. It's 26.


The Lebenda Swamp is what we've decided to take you up on.


Yes, that's fine.


I'll hug the wall closest to the door.


Yeah, I did. (laughter)


I am here to complete my Aramente. I have already been to the Earth tribe.


I open the door.


No, I do need to, to reveal the text. It's hidden otherwise.


I can look for traps.


Yeah, destroy undead.


Wait, so who's at zero health?


Okay, I will Mage Hand pick the lock as a bonus action.


You shall not pass!


Sit down, have a beer, watch our game.


Plus, there's probably dried food in this cellar.


Oh, he's just on the other side by himself, all lonely?


Second one, 15 total.


I touch another one.


This is the afterlife, Scanlan, you've gone to the good place.


I think I--


Okay, and I say, Fassbender, punch Grog! He's used to this, Grog's fine with it.


Good. I certainly do not deserve it yet. I don't know if I ever will. But I can't think of anything else to do with my time on earth right now, other than... this. I am finished with gods. They will not help me. Maybe you will.


This is True Polymorph. I am this creature.


Unless there's a brazenly loud group around one of the campfires.


All right. 20.


Don't complicate things.


Jester's?


But I'm gonna hold onto that tree.


Can you remind me and the group, the dinner, I know it's with the Briarwoods, but who else? Is it with Uriel or who is it with?


I'll walk up to Fjord. And I'll cast Cure Wounds at level one.


A knowledge test? You mean an intelligence check?


Discard, all right.


Jordana, do you have any books here on zombie giants?


Beau works out more than I do.


There’s another guy?


Oh no. Is it amazing? Did he get something really good?


Distant howling? Does it sound like wolves? Can I make a nature check?


Okay. I'm going to take a handful, I'm going to grab a bunch of that and--


Caleb, as always, is right. I do not have an urge to kill and eat children.


That is awkward.


Oh, you're going? You're jumping now?


No problem. We're going to put it in my-- I've got a little water sack. I'm going to mix it all up and put it in there and wait till we're ready to go.


I want to listen.


Yes, I do. It's a--


Well, hell, it was worth a shot. Oh, at disadvantage. 19.


Architexture.


Those are masterwork daggers?


Maybe I should sign this, I don't want you to corrupt yourself senselessly.


Just knock him out.


Where are we supposed to go?


Guten Morgen!


Thank you. 14.


Just to give her still a little bit of a buzz. To just take the bad part out of it.


Is Clay awake? (all laugh)


We don't want to be around any civilization. And also, that's one more spell gone.


Okay. Nevermind. Keep going.


This is so great.


At the cost of everything else, Vasselheim stands? That's my only question.


But that already got set off.


Probably. We need to get out.


How long were we waiting there? Were we waiting long enough to where we can take a short rest?


Get on camera. Get on camera. Over here, over here.


You know what, we should've definitely tied that rope to her before--


I think we need Frumpkin in there.


I took five points.


You said "The sha--" and she laughed. Like before you were done with the word shaft.


I just want this as a souvenir for our visit.


Can I use my bonus action really fast?


Can we assist?


And do I want to go nuts? I'm going to go nuts. I'm going to add Sharpshooter to that, might as well.


Jeez, where have you been?


Oh, right!


Right, the hunger.


Can I just, with my sword, just a little.


It is wisdom saving throw, I believe, let me double-check. Yeah, wisdom saving throw.


Yeah. Control Water towards the portal.


Phillip is a talented bosun. May I also introduce the tall and powerful--


Shove him in the hole!


I am just going to lean out the fucking door and take three attacks at a tentacle and run back in.


Sounds about right.


Scanlan, can you use your very, very delicate sword and put some very, very gentle difficult-to-see holes in both of these boats?


Yes! Jeez, you're like the first person-- no one else gets it.


No, I'm a little guy.


Get it! Get it, son!


Doesn't rage break--


I remember that bag.


Okay, I'm going to use that Grasping Vine that I still have up, and I'm going to re-grab onto that stupid guy's fucking neck and yank him towards the wall he's right in front of.


Oh my god, they're so cute, though. They're amazing shoes. I didn't notice them until you pointed them out, sorry. No, continue on.


Quite a bit.


I'm going to move. I'm going to skip to my right and stand behind Grog and spank him on the ass and say: go get 'em, tiger.


Wait, who?


Do we want to show our friend downstairs our ring?


Do all of the rooms have windows, or is there a window in the hallway?


I'm going to uncanny dodge.


Oh, an entire inventory of the ship. That looks interesting!


It could have gone worse.


Well, then we have time to do other things.


They're being used like skateboards. (group laughs)


I'll try, but since it's not going to count, I don't know.


Can I do great weapon master and hit it three times?


That was a really high squeak.


But now I'm only negative 11.


Yeah. We've got so much water.


Of whatever I change into. So if I get down there and I get caught--


Come on, Patterson, come on. Help us out here right now. This is your day job.


Don't insult my dignity; just give me the muumuu!


Nope. Don't even know if it has ears.


Should we run?


The lightning and the psychic didn't do anything?


Good, natural 20.


Anemone Tea.


All right. And am I within 60 feet?


It's not going to budge.


Blushing Tankard, is that a place to stay?


It's like Professor X.


Has it been eating you?


But do it like, "Do you want to stay with us?" but do it like this.


It talked about chopping off our legs!


I'm a little worried about walking any further because my feet are starting to stick to the ground, like a lot. But there's a halfling stuck to the wall over here and I don't think he's dead.


(sighs) Give him back.


Oh, that's better. 15.


15 wisdom.


I don't want whoever it is to think that we threaten them in any way. But then, if they threaten us, I wouldn't want them to attack us, either.


Oh, you mean, hell? I know! No, all of it, right? The dragons, everything, I know what you're talking about.


Dang it, I'm trying to get to my bag to help you, but--


I know, that's why we just fly through.


I put a thousand on the goliath.


I am sorry to everyone watching at home for blowing out the mic, but gods damn it, I'm alive.


Ah, that's very low. That is a five.


We are going to rest, right? We can't just chase after a toad. We'll die.


I wish we were going to the North Pole. We are going to Mexico!


Normally, I'll wake up and I sweat it out.


Don't put yourself down like that. I'm sure you can hold your own.


What if you turned us into animals now? Will that break the grapple?


I thought it was just a thing.


Well, she'll make the noise. I'll make the video.


So many steps. Misty, hidden, thunder.


Diplomacy?


I wanted to say real quick, right before that, I got to my decanter of water and I start charging it, and then I do Fireball.


I'm wearing my helmet, my shiny helmet.


Oh, yeah. This is one of the ones we tried a long time ago.


We've urgent business to discuss with her. For now, we need a place to stay.


I run over and shove the umber hulk off of Scanlan.


Yeah, I found a small rod and a crowbar and a sledgehammer.


Smoke them out! That's actually not a bad idea, now that I think about it, though.


Yeah. Welcome to the shit.


Oh! I understand.


Come on, I'm just putting up the thread, come to bed. Come to bed.


So future t-shirts-- Were you guys saying something, like it would be artwork from--


He has to roll.


Yeah, all your little Mr. Meeseeks will take care of them.


All right, I'll do it.


Classic, classic.


A beholder?


Yeah, plus we already said you're gonna write a book about it.


Thank god it wasn't me this time.


You're almost as weak as I am, dude.


Did a fan give that to you?


If it's water.


Und Ein.


How about an answer for the bracelet?


What level what?


Come along Trinket, there there's nothing to be scared of.


All right, here we go. But it's not a critical hit from assassinate because--


If I tighten my abs and keep my feet together, it shouldn't make much noise at all.


We're under watch.


I'm walking to the cart.


I was actually going to-- the second she started to leave the road, I take a shot.


Gilda and Wallace. Let me ask you, if we were to somehow get your parents out of the Gearhold prison, would you stay here?


I'm looking for a sign of where to go next. I'm waiting for the Mother to speak. Is there a place to sit quietly and find her voice?


We've got a plan.


That's a great pep talk.


I just told Pike she looked real pretty tonight and I go back to my reading.


Okay. So I just reach out, touch the tree, and say, "Hey, old friend. How are you feeling? Doing better?"


No, that wasn't in any of his books?


If this doesn't end it...


(softly sings along with the background music)


Let's Misty Step. Let's Wind Walk.


There's one place I haven't done it, and it's in a prison.


I'm glad for you to take it. I'm a little surprised at the rest of you for me being cautious, but I'm glad for you to take it.


The last thing we've seen is the lake, and we didn't go too close to it, because a couple of ogres fell in from above, and they disappeared like something grabbed them.


Excellent. Yay to a constructive day. That was-- you're quite good at this, we should do this again sometime.


Maybe if we do something even stupider than holding hands in a circle.


You are a terrible person. Oh no.


15, or five-zero?


Shark?


Well, I'm going to go find that young chap from before.


Even if my attack is not against the dragon?


Why do you get advantage?


Are there any pebbles on the ground or anything?


Before you let me off the chain. There are trees, right? Who's benefitting from this charm?


I talked to them today. Their minds were blown by all the gifts that people have sent in and donations in the name of Critical Role and the Critter community. They didn't quite understand what the Critter community was, but I enlightened them, and they're so jazzed by you guys. And they appreciate not just the donations and gifts, but also, they said that the Critters have been writing long letters and telling great stories and stuff, and they're super excited.


You've gotten close. You've gotten really close.


I think I actually will be all right, though.


Potentially. We did leave town.


(sighs) This is so stressful when it's about you!


Well, I mean, it's one of those things where the longer I do it the better it'll be. I can do it for up to eight hours.


Great fucking story Matt, holy shit. Holy shit, you had trees and stuff.


I'm going to imagine that my wings bamf out soon after that.


Yeah. Old Broken Foot over here.


I assume he's an asshole cat. Aren't all cats asshole cats?


Should've took those from the prison.


Also, if we could maybe have something fancy at the bottom of it to, you know. Finish them off.


Water?


(whispers) Are you alive?


Do you know him?


That's true, Grog. That's true. That's a good point.


We have comment cards, so this will all work out well.


Someone call Pike?


No, no, let him do it! Let him do it.


Ooh, I hate him. I hate him already.


(snaps)


All right, so I'm doing everybody except Nott, and I'm adding Algar to this.


Are you scared?


Why wouldn't she heal me?


It is wisdom. And Fassbender, just slow until the end of tomorrow, just keep going.


All the shit we need?


I wouldn't say I won, because I lost. But I did pretty good. What color is it right now? Is it in that orange-ish purple--


We should hide just in case. How about we hide?


I don't kill very much at all.


What dead body?


Peach schnapps.


Read all about it!


Oh, Percy, yes. I believe it's this.


Didn't you do this before with the other one?


Also, how long was the ride from Shady Creek to this compound? Like three or four hours?


Oh, she's like-- oh okay, got it. I don't know who knows who.


Perfect timing!


I'm going to die. I'm going to shoot one single Magic Missile into the space.


What if she's teleporting out of here?


What was the biggest thing you put in there?


Now you know why.


Yay, he's so happy!


Okay, actually there is a solution for this.


He has a loud ringing in his ears, damn it.


Very good. Wait, do you want her un-stoned, or still stoned?


(quickly reading under breath)


Beau dies.


I don't even know what that means. Question or the answer.


Poops lodestones.


I mean, we could catch brunch first?


This isn't good. 15 plus my intelligence. Oh, wait my intelligence. Oh, and I'm trained in-- Okay, wait. What did I just say? 17 plus eight. 25.


Not you guys, but they--


Your work was far better than mine.


I going to tell Erwen to go and ask for court for the lord that can construct and tell him that we would like to make some changes and have the cells converted into barracks for our soldiers.


We do have to get him an earpiece.


It's not my place to say.


Let's rest up and wait for the dragons.


That's how tall the ravine is.


Yeah, absolutely. Don't you have another way to make a door?


Dead.


But that doesn't give us a way in.


Right, the holy lands of the sacred-- all right.


Is there a thieves' guild?


Would that save time, I don't remember how fast we go.


You have it!


Can I talk to good old Nostoc while he's doing that?


No, no, I don't want to.


You should definitely read that. You should definitely, definitely read that. Please read that. I'm not even kidding. Read that.


You beat me to it, man.


I'm going to run around.


I de-cast Light.


Well, that was for the elf girl but all right, sure, you can use it too. When you need it, if you just hold that coin up, you'll turn invisible.


That's the Lebenda one?


Nothing? Zero? Nada?


And your deal is this evening, yes?


Honestly, if we take a couple days, I can make a pretty extensive--


No! I just want to go in the tower.


Good, okay.


Would you mind if we popped in?


I think your unseen servant farted on me.


Okay, okay. We're running out of the house. Christ.


That's great! I appreciate you seeing him to safety.


Dexterity. 28! 30!


Do you have any medicine for him?


Table right is hanging back behind the twins.


Can I insight and see if he's telling the truth?


Forgot you speak-and-spell.


Like that. Like transported, like the city was lifted out of its place and was teleported elsewhere.


That was a good one, but I have some other ones.


Mm-hmm. Right as Yasha starts to move, I'm going to.


Here we go. 15 points of damage plus three points of psychic damage. I should start taking track of this. Shooting again, no advantage. 20.


He's gone. Don't worry about him. He gets a little bit... testy, if you will.


I'll move here.


Cool. Bonus action. I'm shooting him again.


Well, come on, come and have a drink.


All right. I'll summon the Wastehunter Falchion.


Hi, yes. I'm looking for-- (sighs) I'm looking for a couple of people. They're actually mental patients, and they've gotten loose.


Ten minutes?


That was awesome, guys.


All right. 16.


I don't think he knows all of the intricacies.


I think we’re probably going to need a couple of healing potions as well.


We know she used two--


Damn. All right, I'll reload and shoot again, this thing is--


We should take off while he does it.


I'll also send Eldritch Blast.


She said vegan. No eggs.


I was testing the texture. It wasn't even a push; I just touched it.


Do I taste anything?


And I'm constantly pushing that border. I run a charity called World Builders, and we raise money to support various charities. We rally the geek community, and right now we're running our midseason fundraiser. It's an Indiegogo with a bunch of cool things that geeks might like. We teamed up with Rat Queens. We're doing a T-shirt for them. If you're a fan of the Dresden Files, we've got a T-shirt based on Harry Dresden and those books. We've got a T-shirt based on my books. We've got, literally, there's 40 items there, a bunch of different cool geekery of various sorts. For those of you that have read The Slow Regard of Silent Things, they pulled off a foxen night light. It looks beautiful. I should've brought the prototype so I could show it to you. I should've brought the prototype, but it turned out so good.


I know, it's late.


Okay! I'm going to circle around the side of the wall.


What are you going to do with the rest of the money?


I'm running around like a cracked-out PCP addict in the background. Just looking on the ground for booty, that's all.


Tiger man.


Oh yeah! Oh, that's 31?


Was that a global warming metaphor?


Yeah, maybe they'll become a good thing.


Have to imagine anywhere this thing goes, there's going to be strange deaths associated with it. We might as well look there.


That is 2d6 plus one?


How high up?


Yeah, so I'm going to fly down towards Vax, as well.


For-morians.


Pay him no mind, it's not personal. Kash.


I found a skeleton that had these bracelets on her? Him? They?


I think so. It looks to be latched shut in some way.


Ahh! Should we put this inside another glass container so if it breaks, it's okay?


Just not the one you're expecting.


Nice! That's what we do!


Okay. Eight points of damage.


I'll exit the mansion too, and start walking toward the embassy a few steps, slowly. Just to get distance.


Oh yeah, Beau has it right now.


Did it get five feet? It was five feet in front of it and it moved that way. It would've been right in front of it.


Oh, it’s on the ground?


You play stunned well.


Oh, a nod.


Mr. Vince, let's not play coy. I am sure you have dealt with many a powerful client in your day. And I am sure that it is not unfamiliar to you that many powerful clients have many deep secrets.


It was you!


Especially when you took four of them on your run. I was really angry about that.


(tinkling)


Poor Frumpkin.


24 that time.


Do you not like knowing your past, that way you can have multiple backstories? Be multiple people at once?


Like an amphitheatre?


Now I have one!


And -


Okay, that's it. No bonus action.


And the glowing off of our bodies.


You're a liar. You're a lying liar.


Hey, Zsundie, real quick? Just seems like you were powering the entire city. How would we do that without you?


I already forgot what I rolled, 'cause everybody's talking numbers. 14!


You should listen to him.


Yeah, you get more out of it.


Muscle girls!


I'm just letting you know that we're going to be in that neck of the woods, so I should probably--


Would it be his wisdom?


Or I can control the currents and suck us all right through down the top.


My kind of woman. Let's go.


We need like a hold thing--


I'm excited and I'm nervous, but I'm excited.


Yes, but we used our wish to wish ourselves out of that contract.


Yes! Feels good to say it!


I want to take another look at everything that was on the altar, and I want to see if it looks--


Look, they hook all on their own, that's pretty good.


Do we see her go and sneak the mead?


Best laid plans, huh?


I like Grog's idea. Is there a way to explore that any further?


And then Pike's going to run back in the door.


Say KommissarProps and definitely go follow Kai on Instagram and on Facebook


24 hours. Let me double check before I make promises.


Do any of you know, as somebody practiced in the arcane arts, are you good at seeing through illusions? Or--


(panicked breathing) I was not prepared for this so fast!


I will give him every inch of myself.


Vax, are you all right?


Where is my other d8? Here it is. (counting)


You know when you bang your balls on a rock or something? It's like that, you go, (groans).


How far can I get before I'm away from 60 feet?


I think I have a second Blood Maledict usage now.


Yeah, look, so I'm telling you because you and I have such a history, right? And I feel like you won't judge me, but, like, I'm afraid the rest of the group won't quite understand. I don't know if I'm crazy or if this sword is talking to me.


Sorry, I found a patch of strawberries.


Really, really high. Eight.


Me, apparently.


I was. I forgot it on the last one. I remembered that I forgot it. That's 24 to hit.


Whoa. I feel so strong now.


Cali is going to run up past Yasha and you see she's like (growls) and shoves Yasha out of the way. I want to get as close as I possibly can. Am I within 15 feet there?


No, he definitely has a thing for you, Vax. I have a keen eye for these things.


Two more.


I'll look like a 1980s Halloween costume. Come on.


And don't forget!


Big skull. A gemmed skull. Not gemmed. A gem-like skull. Not diamonds, not rubies. Opal. Something.


They closed the doors?


Oh shit! You're supposed to hold on, Grog. Never mind.


(pigeon coos)


Knees, not back.


Oh, if she's that grappled to it, then I'm going to try and push her out of the way of Grog.


And then what?


Do we have anything to freeze?


Are we going back out, or are we turning in? Some of us are beat to shit.


Show off.


If any one of us goes unconscious--


Does it seem to be a central theme across the whole town? This town worships Kord?


Well, that makes sense.


I do want to do a fourth attack. I'm going to try again. 12.


Hey Nott, do you think we're going to go by your hometown when we're driving up here?


Yeah we're running, running.


I think it was the weird echo-y sound of Ashley's pages turning.


I know. I'm so glad I wasn't.


No. So... Emon is in ruins. It's been destroyed by dragons.


Simple food. Fruit, anything.


Got to love it when the crew laughs at your final death crack.


He knows we're in this vicinity. I think once we get into the mansion, he doesn't know an exact place, so as long as they don't figure out the mansion?


Vax is unconscious.


Some magic item.


He keeps his weapons in his hand, though?


It's true. Could be a whole network of caverns.


Well, it was Dolan who said, I believe, he had the relationship with Orentha, so he was going to report this stuff to Orentha and have crownsguard go in. Now, due to the circumstances of the evening, we have missed the element of a quick surprise. They did not rush in the way we had hoped. So he's already realized somebody has jacked his shit. I'm not worried, really, about him finding us, but he had a bad night when he came home.


Hitchhiker's Guide to the City of Dis. I say we head to the tower.


(singing) Tell me more, tell me more...


Hey, will you lead the way, Pike, with your crazy mace path?


I got 20. Not a natural.


You're aiding Cad.


Okay. Oh, acrobatics, okay.


Who's gonna tie him up? Who's in the fucking room?


Continue holding his hands. I pull out the Tome of Quick Movement. Hold. Hold while I find the paper. Hold.


Business?


Nine over here.


Okay, oh, that's a four.


Roll good, you're starting us off. Roll good.


I don't know. I don't know what just happened. This is a crazy ship.


Yeah, cats are the best. I don't know, there's a trap door up there, but, I mean, we're not going in.


Ah, jeez!


She tried to cast Speak with Dead Dumbfuck.


I like it. Who is going to be driving this thing?


Unfucked!


It's the coat, it is boots, and the third thing was--


We're going out.


It's probably not gonna be Robin. (all laugh)


Nah, it's fine. They're dead.


Did we beat him here?


So did we all.


Don't do me wrong, D&D Beyond.


Mm. Little--


I trust you with this. Don't get fancy.


I'll figure it out.


Natural 20! Just kidding, he gets it, too. (all laugh)


In the wall?


There's a water snake in there.


Where's the exit to this room?


Yeah, plus ten to your stealth.


He must be sick.


Oh! I would've totally missed that. (laughter)


Nobody's sticking out to you, though, no shady individuals, nobody sweating more than is necessary when being threatened by a big fuck-off dragon?


I'll take first watch, if you want. I can post up outside and do a little illusion work.


You say, 'Alter Self!' and slam it against your body and it'll make you with gills and stuff. Does he speak-- he speaks Common, right? He understands what I'm saying?


Yeah, we're in the mood for some bear claws, the kind they have in Nicodranas. Have you heard of these? Do you have them?


Yeah, try it, buddy. Internal damage.


Have you any time for leisure?


All right, so there was dungeon and dungeon, set of cells and set of cells, but you said--


I'm in the first one.


I'll go seek my friends out there in the world.


Look, come on!


I'm going to examine it, anything interesting about it? Just a small metallic knob?


I'll kind of shift towards the front of the column, so I have the column behind my back.


Can we look at the gem for a second, since there's no undead around?


You have more than one hand with you right now?


She has a bit of magic.


That's what I like about you. I have been thinking, and yesterday just furthers that thinking, that I don't think you and I are enough. I had the idea that we would come here maybe and find others that we could tag along with, or meet up the way you and I did. But now I think that is a terrible idea! The people we spent the day with are lunatics. I don't think that we can do this. I've changed my mind entirely, and I think we should go, but we can't now because we are stuck here for the moment.


I get a little bit of--


I was just waiting for the drop to look at the shoes and you look back and yep, no, those shoes don't get in here.


No, not right now.


I can't tell how far away they are right now?


We should definitely rest before the next part because I just used up all my 2nd-level spells.


Oh, motherfucker.


Isn't this impressive enough that I happen to have some incense?


We just short-rested, but now we're going to sleep. It's been a traumatic five minutes.


I'm going to follow Taryon.


Hmm, going to try again.


What a beautiful staff that is.


I'll sketch a little bit of it out of the book, as well.


Aes Adon. I don't think it's Scanlan.


I jump up to get out of range.


Easy, it's Hollywood!


I don't fucking know.


I want to hit it again! Reckless, great weapon master. Thank god for that. Seven. Shit, that might not be so good. 20.


I say  Halt. I say we tell the big guy to halt. Not to mention, "halt" is good, because he's actually standing in front of his dudes as well, that'd give them-- that would make it harder for them to move.


Of course. Yep.


I'm sleeping.


I'm going to go into a frenzied rage, and I'm going to use my second wind to heal 1d10 plus my fighter level. Three, six. Six points, yay.


That shit scared me. (laughter)


We'll count to six, and then we'll put the rope down, and when we hit six, we pull the rope, and it'll hold everybody--


I give him another hug and give him a Cure Wounds, level three.


Off. (sighs) For my third shot, Mr. Armor. And I get another grit back because she's dead. Armor. I'm taking-- what's he holding?


That was amazing. He comes in character! (all laugh)


Five of them, on pedestals.


Well, we frontloaded our hours.


Is this considered a monstrosity?


Oof, ten.


The more precise details you have in a war plan, the more things that will inevitably go wrong in the first ten seconds.


Rinaldo, this snake that was in your house is not the only strange occurrence that's been happening. We're trying to find out the cause of it. Have you seen anything else like this in the time that's passed?


He's going to call it at eight. He's going to call it.


I'm allowed to know. It's in the book.


Yes, Scan-lan?


Yes, of course. I agree, but an entire ship I feel like would be more than 600.


We'll cover that at the next drink. I think it's time to turn in.


You'd be amazed, but all right.


Booty? Just dragon booty? It would be up where the dragon sleeps, not down here.


I'd like to lead them to where that jump is.


You only get half damage of a d4?


Oh, that'd be nice.


You have advantage on wisdom saving throws. Just throwing it out there.


What is Schmidt?


The Meat Man, he's my boss.


I go up to Vex and I just grab her arm and I say, Don't let any man-- or anyone for that matter-- make you feel like you need them to be great. Because you don't. I'm not good with words.


That question might be great, but I think we're all right.


Oh, it's like a Sims thing.


Oh, it's to the north, it's not towards the Menagerie Coast?


Want me to go in?


Knowing that there are four dragons, at least--


I think I did the math wrong.


I can smell you from here, Kern!


Is he a bad person?


28. The fuck is this shit? Who the fuck are you people?


I'm strong!


Right at the fucking start.


Do my eyebrows burn off?


That is 12 points of damage.


I can't. It's an automatic fail because I'm paralyzed.


Percy.


I think it's 2d12.


No, I can't shove him.


Or we could destroy it properly. One or the other.


It's mid-day!


Sure, keep going. Looking for interesting stuff.


Path of least resistance without traps?


Ah! Waiting for a keg to be thrown.


An hour later, an octopus pops out, if we wait that long.


I'll remember that.


I want to eat it!


You break our hearts and then pull that asshole out?


Once they have visual contact they can influence us, but they need to make that visual contact in the first place.


It's not a surprise, at least.


With that dice?


Yeah? All right. I'm not telling you not to.


He saves, so is it half, or--?


Where do you come from?


Oh, good report.


An action? Okay. I'm going to cast Lay on Hands on myself. And I'm going throw my poison dagger at the dragon as I fall. That's a 23.


Vex, will you look for anything that looks like a Core Anvil? And I stick my face in.


Okay, but I'm not going to be able to make heads or tails of any of this shit.


We will be Team Outside Posse.


Run! Or can you turn yourselves into duergar?


Oh, you totally could have gotten the stuff from that guy.


I have to reload with my second attack.


You fucking dick!


Would I know where to find that? Would that be the general store, would that have that?


In your account.


Oh, yes, right. 13.


Are you going to write her an IOU?


Just woke up and they were gone.


Before they leave I just tap their shoulders and meditate and grant them Guidance.


Could be worth a pretty penny.


It's, um--


Don't you like this terrain?


She's negged.


It's the armor that I won fair and square from him! Yes, I am wearing it right now.


It's poop, I should've--


Nothing? Nothing. You want to check it for magic?


Go Yankees!


Yeah, it looks like they're attacking. So I want to protect him.


Can we all-- we go in the room and Trinket goes up next to him and, like, gets all up in his face?


How is it to try to chop through it with the axe?


Oh! We forgot about Dre.


Do you double it because it's a crit?


That’s so true.


Oi. Your girlfriend's not back yet.


I know, I’m going to save that for later.


That's a bit of a story. My family have run this temple for generations, and I'm sort of the last one left holding the fort down.


I am a cook.


We're out of here.


Let's all maybe be a little more careful about the--


That was easy!


Oh my goodness, that warms my heart so much. I love it. Okay, so give us a little bit of a rundown on what 826 is, and what you guys do for all the amazing kids that come through here.


I never know which one. It's too much pressure to choose. That was the wrong one. I chose poorly. 13.


I am going to--


They've got turn-down service here.


I rolled a natural one, but I do now have Fanatical Focus.


Is there any of my teammates? I want to give bardic inspiration to someone. Are you close? You need it? I'm going to give you--


I'm wondering if you have to use a bow and arrow to compete or can you use one of these?


You didn't have it, did you?


Speaking of-- and I'll ask him for the components to make acid. Does he have that stuff?


It was like an old woman was trying to talk to us!


I don't want this one moving along right now. She makes a lot of noise.


It's just a cave, you guys.


That close to just spitting out all my coffee.


Something else? Oh, great.


And the second-- I wanna do it with the fire string.


Keyleth takes a little bit of the gunk off and what is it?


I'm sorry, I didn't shoot an arrow. I just realized I didn't shoot an arrow at his worm and I meant to, and I'm sorry.


Makes sense. I cast Mage Armor right in front of him on myself. Thank you. See you later. I'm going back to my earlier position.


--refreshed.


Are you going to try to do this now?


You with a dagger in your hand's always a little scary.


This is not romantic at all, you know that, right?


I tiptoe out of the room, and I find Percy.


Clearly that's what's glowing at the bottom to my eyes?


(as Eeyore) We're all going to die in the end.


Could she have one more? You need one more, Stubby, then you'll go to bed, all right? Then you'll go to bed.


No, Spiritual Weapon can move 30 feet.


Oh no. I have that other mask that I bought.


Tiberius, could you do me a favor of making me disappear?


Is the hammer called the Stop Hitting Yourself hammer?


Then you'll have to hit it to light it.


It gives you advantage on wisdom checks.


I say to Percy, should we hear her out?


We're just pushing around a guy with a bag on his head. Hey! Nah, it's cool.


I probably can't jump to reach him either. I'll hold my turn, then. I'll hold my turn.


Question, Clarota.


He's never seen the ocean before. (laughter)


Most rods are good close-up but, you know, if you could stay on the outside with it, maybe you'll have better success? But, I wanted to give you something.


Oh. (snuffing sound)


They didn't run.


We promise we can make it worth your time.


As a bonus, I'm flipping it out, and I'm going to activate the first sword.


Oh, shit. Well.


I don't get one anymore? You're taking it off of me right now?


Yes, don't worry, you will always be paid from Vox Machina.


Sweet! (cheering)


Find her a soothing-- something to take the pain off.


And aside from traps, is there any like, paintings with eyeholes cut in it for peeking or little holes in the wall?


Oh, wait a minute. Right, so they think I'm dead.


That is extra.


See where it goes. I like that.


Sorry I don't--


All right. I'll do it.


Is there a building we can duck into?


Either way, I liked it. Let's sneak out.


So they snatch cattle--


Oh tall Jester!


Well I just wanted to-- this is my group. Yay! (desultory yays)


Break my gem?


(arrow noise) I am standing next to Fjord and Beau.


Was that Archivist Zeenoth that was outside?


It's too big for Grog.


Oh my god, is it a holy feast? Do we all do holy damage now?


I run over in the lava and I go, I'd like to cast Beheading!


Of course, sir. We tried so hard.


If we're retconning that in, I'm retconning (blows raspberry) when I see it.


That would be crazy!


Yep! Yep, do you want some?


Double. They're weak, you guys! Milk jug rings, take them out.


Yes! I'll go over and cast Greater Restoration on Kima.


Oh, yes, this will be fun. I take out a small, three-inch steel ball. I look him right in the eye, and go, Manners. And I toss the steel ball at our friend. The iron bands.


That's absolutely horrifying. Ten.


18, not quite. 34 minus--29.


Not good. It's an eight.


But they don't know where we are.


(whispering) Sorry, Caleb. I'll let you know what it's like, okay?


Wait, those elementals that we fought-- were they left by Ripley? Was it a trap? Did we activate a trap? Is she close by? She can't have gotten far.


Grab the gnomes!


Tiberius, fly up there quick.


Speaking of looking like Percy and Cassandra. Vex.


Hey, right, look at his hat.


Very important cannonball competition we had to get to.


Let's burn that page.


No, it's okay, 'cause this is pretty good. 17.


(singing) 20!


Yeah, I want to go knock on Tary's door.


It's a 16 constitution with a negative d4.


I'm going to, when we're right on the verge, when we think we're right on the verge, I'm blessing you and you.


I took 30 if you want to take the other five.


I was going to say, it was the high school pilot outfit.


Does anyone try to talk to the automaton?


Okay, I'll just stay where I am.


So I used movement to get there?


Down to 79 strength.


Oh. This'll help. Hey side note  where's my fucking wine?


Can we take a quick walk?


(laughing) It was totally a fail video!


(shouting) Break the outside gem!


Oh, nice. Not bad.


We drop sail, we take off and I leave you guys in the cove.


He's not down! But he's looking pretty rough. (laughter)


Two regular eyes?


Right. That's important, isn't it.


So he rolled five.


What sort of books? Fairy books?


Hey, can I have that armor? Can I have it?


They will probably have it.


Or follow them.


I'm going down, I have to go get my things anyway, so I'm going to go down. Everything seems fine, doesn't it?


And he's grappled?


Ooh. 66.


I didn't say I was trying to leap across.


I will. I'll wash my face. Get to it.


That was one of the best exchanges of our entire run!


And I don't want to lose that time now, I want to be selfish for a little while. We've been working so fucking hard, by all rights we should be dead.


You turned us into eels.


What's the name of the god again?


Okay, the second is 26. As you can tell, I've been screaming monster sounds. My voice is a little ragged. 26 on the second.


Oh, good! She can attack him!


Yes, please!


How much for the dog and the owl?


There was another 20 or 30g there.


It's like a lizard that's really big that's got wings. Not so much? Okay. Just checking. I just wanted to make sure. It's your choice, darling.


You want to be a guard and I can look like the High-Richter?


I'm fucking curious. Pull that bowstring.


I think you should turn it into a bunny, Keyleth! Turn it into a bunny.


Yeah, can I move towards the back of the other one? In front of Jester; in between the croc and Jester.


Well, some are simple. Some just create light, and others create tragedy for people.


I could sneak up and--


Does that go through her? There's one on the other side of her.


What are we asking the tree?


Let's put the humans in the middle, so that they can't be surprised.


Unless you've got a strong opinion on that thing otherwise.


Can I ask you a question before you leave?


It would be within 60 feet of me, I think.


It says, "and as a bonus action on subsequent turns."


I was thinking the same thing.


Tiberius never mentioned this side of Draconia.


11. Two, three, seven, ten, 15, 19.


If we take damage going through the portal with the stone, does that mean we might take damage if you Plane Shift us there?


We're all going to start going out the way we came.


Can we all collectively look up at him, look sad, and go, aw.


I'm always quiet!


No, no, no, you.


I stand over Cassandra and I cast Revivify.


Did you check for traps?


The red light?


Your beard tingles.


Can he use his bonus action to just shove his sunglasses up at the end?


Are we tunneling there?


I'm walking over with this, too.


It did not work.


I'm going to go get a pound for good measure.


Yeah, buy as much as we can.


Do I see anyone? Or can I inspire anyone from my distance?


Well, you go on. You can't think about that!


You did... you did good.


Okay. Well, it looks a bit better than I thought it would.


I know you do, darling. I know you do.


How's your knee, is it okay?


Oh god, this looks like a crazy thing.


Come on, monk. Come on, M! Aw, you didn't come on.


Because this is where we are.


Do you want me to be the erinyes?


I think we should talk to Kara. I've been playing hard to get, waiting to see if she mingles around to us.


It's because this whole place is magical, Caleb.


Are you sure you don't wanna think about renaming it now?


Music, you mean?


And how high above it is it? Like, would it get a significant amount of force?


I'll heal you. I'm going to heal you--


Let's roll again.


I sing, (singing) Well then I saw her mace, now I'm a believer, without a trace, of blood in her hair. I'm in love.


It's true. I have a disguise kit, too. I could help you out.


Wait, did you get a four? Four? We are the worst! We are the weakest ones. Oh, I cut my hand!


He didn't survive the trip. I'm really sorry.


Hopefully we'll be able to take out the Briarwoods before the fight.


I want to go with him. I need to keep an eye out for the zombie dwarves.


It's the most privacy you've had--


Aww, seven.


Schrödinger's Horris?


Right, well, I do-- I am fond of cats.


No, no. It was worg. A worg!


I guess it's the only way out of here.


Prep. Prep for the basket? Because I imagine it was like a cheerleader.


You're great.


No one wants to kill you.


You can cuddle with me.


We need someone to bring him down to earth. Keyleth, can you vine him down? Or, Gern, do you have something that can move things?


Tyrell was passing through. I wonder how many people would notice him gone here in Vasselheim.


I've still got a 3rd-level Cure Wounds on him.


The warden. Okay, but hang on. Do we want to go in, like, order, and start with the fountain feeds the garden? Sorry, sorry, sorry, "the sacrifice feeds the fountain" at east.


We should go now.


I thought we were all following.


Oh no. He's going to turn to the cards, y'all. He's going to turn to those cards.


It's so loud. What are you doing?


The only thing on there--


Oh good. Okay, 20-something.


We're going to face her towards the wall.


There's two things. Moving forward.


Yes, here it comes.


You did everything. Pickle? Pickle, you showed me the way. I know it doesn't look like that right now, but you absolutely did.


Yeah, and last week when we weren't here.


On his utility belt.


You know, it's more cumbersome? It's awkward.


No. They don't.


Thanks to Kas, 27.


"Time" circled.


Very good. 30.


Like, pushing her?


Every other animal, Dee Bradley Baker.


We could order room service. You want to come in and order room service?


I'm bringing back-- I'm going to just sort of-- yeah. Bring him back, and then tell everybody.


Two, three. I want to get away from the eye. Can we move to behind that wall? Is that possible?


Welcome to Jocks Machina.


We definitely sent them in the text thread.


I was a very lonely child.


My take-away from Scanlan is that we all talk too much. And I leave the room.


When did it happen?


We took a stone?


That's really good. Jesus.


I want to stay, still, as much away from a line-up as we-- like, in front of the things.


You know, I heard a recipe the other day for a beer-mosa. It's like a mimosa, but with beer and orange juice. Would you like a beer-mosa, Ogden?


Exactly what I was saying. I was sightseeing, I was asking about their libraries of the city.


Blood Maledict on that fucker.


That'll be perfect.


That wasn't your name, was it?


Does it tell you to kill things?


Thanks, Yev.


I go to my laboratory.


Okay. Oh, okay! Plus five, what is that? 23.


No, no, it fell off.


You're assuming we know everything there is to know about this structure. About the city around it.


You're little and light.


Man, that seems hyper subjective, based on someone's internal monologue that we can definitely not hear.


Plus all the weird buggy guys were around there. If there are more, they would come back.


Five and five, so ten.


It's a long way. We've got to go across the whole town to get there.


No, we'll find a minute.


Wait! Comic book next week. Issue four. Comic book.


Sea cows.


Which is why Plan A is much better.


Against everyone near him?


Oh my god, why is he doing that?


Two. ten.


This is the perfect opportunity. Maybe we take care of it ourselves?


Right above his head so I can smack him.


I say we kick them in the goolies as hard as we can from the beginning.


I want to scry on that big guy that was with Delilah when I saw them walking out.


No, no, and I run into the ring with him.


Wait, you have acid resis-- no, you don't, because Keyleth-- it went away.


Yes. Yes, it is.


You have no template, it misses everybody. That's how it works.


Excuse me, I'm sorry to take you away from your day. I'm sorry, what is your name?


Oh. Well, there we go. I walk over.


Yes! Ah, I love this!


(slurring) Let's go swimming.


Can I use my bonus action to dash?


I'm sorry to belabor this, but what if you had a good life before this? What if you were famous or rich or had friends or family?


Oh yeah. Okay, so we have an endless rope with us.


I have three regular healing potions and that's it.


Well, hold on! Give him a minute! Traveler, come on, I'm trying to bring somebody to you right now!


But what would we find in a tunnel with water pouring out of it? It's not like anything lives up there!


Arkin. Arkeen?


45 feet.


Yes, 100 gold. I was going to wait until we got somewhere private to do it, but sure. Everyone take 100 gold.


Do you have-- do you have a Hail Mary?


Lady Kima, do you remember where the vault is? Do you remember how we can get back there?


Okay, so I would like to cast a golden spiderweb of thorns.


From your town?


Button on the side? Cool.


You played a Batman.


No. Beau and I are up first.


The fucking ziggurat!


A little bit. Doty, how handsome am I?


I would like to hold my turn. Because if I stand in front of them, nobody can do anything to them.


We don't really need to like check in with anything.


Maybe a little faster than our regular, too.


And that's-- eight plus nine is 17.


Okay, that's fine. But I get the bonus ten points still.


What the fuck? (laughter)


No, they are.


I'm having a glass of this. We've just paid a fortune for it.


What the fuck is that?


I don't want to die.


Yeah! Back in the pilot chair.


Can I tell how it died?


Okay, where was it?


That’s just a bonus to do that?


That's solid.


Wow, I did that too, except I went Into the Woods.


Second one is 23.


Yeah, stay close. Stay close to us.


While all this is going on, Grog, you could be training these soldiers.


To be honest, my memory is foggy as well.


It's very cool.


Okay. Terrible. Okay. Oh man, that's terrible.


Yeah, there's a lot of them.


Yeah. That's fine.


No, that's his Silence spell that he got recently.


I tell him to stop.


An observation deck.


And you're itty bitty still!


I caught it. (laughter)


Yes, what are they harvested from?


Lame! (all laugh)


Sam, I think you're right.


Then you are going to do some sort of horse magic that makes us-- sorry, I'm unclear. Invisible or--?


And what are the rest of us going to do? Just wait? Me, Scanlan, and Grog?


I like this dog.


Finally, an enemy that can kill Grog.


Maybe Pike should.


I mean, obviously we want the Horn taken care of, but--


Let's do this!


11 points of damage on the first one and ten points of damage on the second, so 22 total.


Divergent?


In a wide, arcing pattern, not like the one shot, like a nice, upside-down crown.


I guess we're going.


Four nights from tonight.


Should we leave anyone on the ship?


How would I know?


Thanks, Loot Crate, for the robot and the Legos.


With my tree-stride.


He's trying to hurt our Pikey.


Okay! No, I can't. It's fine. There are these monks. I thought they hated me. It turns out they like me. Turns out they want me to become a part of their gang. But it's not really real, and they're like, "Just keep doing your thing! But you're against injustice and seek out truth and break systems!"


The interesting rays.


Wait, I thought you were coming from Shadycreek Run.


Just off the road but we don't have to go all the way to the tree, I can--


He's going with the dice jail dice! You should not have done that.


We've got 37 dragon teeth, one dragon eye, four cups of dragon blood--


Right before we started.


Hey! It's like we don't even have to bathe, now.


Some people are just good.


None of them? I've got to be them, not Fjord, right? Okay, never mind. I'll double-check.


Why did you roll? Why didn't you roll?!


Yes. Okay, we also have these three daggers, which look like-- Are they ceremonial? Do they look--


Can you inspire?


I'm still breathing.


On it.


I'm so fast I don't really use them that much.


I have 15, as well. Nobody has higher than a 15?


That makes a lot more sense because you keep calling her Nott and I just didn't get it.


Oh God. Do you have any Clydesdales or giant horses for me?


Do you need it, Scanlan, do you think--


I don't think that-- no.


Oh. A 20?


Do I get to be part of this mix because I was coming down the stairs?


Okay. Don't be ashamed. And turn that frown upside down.


I'm always cool.


I think I have it. I thought Grog had it, but I think I might have picked it up after.


The one from the Richter’s.


A fjour.


She's dead. You killed her.


Still out of the reach there.


And also find us during the days in the general hall area, we'll be around quite a bit.


No, is that a thing? Is that a person?


I walk Trinket down into the storage area that he can stay in.


But that's who they worship. As I give my, whatever the hell I come up with to say at that particular time--


These are my coffee stains.


With mine.


Oh, it's Kima.


What is that? 600? 700?


I worship the ever-loving unicorn, Rainbow Fluffers.


And Fjord is in between... I'm too far away from everything.


And stroll out the door with Gilmore. Have at it, ladies and gentlemen.


I get right up behind them too, competing for space.


I don't know. Do we keep going? Do we try to get down some more?


Well, or at least eavesdrop. We don't know if they're all vampires or not.


I like that this is our breakfast entertainment.


Oh. Can we stealth, can we stealth? And my favored terrain is the Underdark.


I got him, guys, I got him.


This will sit in my office and scare my children. Yeah.


Do we feel anything?


Well, we splattered a giant, you guys.


Any signs of life?


It's a bad deal.


I've got the feet.


Well, no, we could stand here for ten minutes!


Fungal.


I'm sorry I was mean.


That's the colors I want my dress to be.


Yeah, it's okay.


Since my voice is completely shot, and I don't want to do a speech.


Because I was doing it wrong this whole time. Yep.


Yeah. Just put it between me and him. That'll end my turn.


What? Why would you?


I look to the Raven Queen and as I walk closer, since I leveled up, I use the druid cantrip Druidcraft and grow snowdrops out from where I stand, out to all of my family. Out to where they stand. S.H.I.T.s, thank you. How lucky I have been to have had all of you. How lucky, indeed. Thank you.


'Cause I can Water Breathe us, and we can go look at the coral reefs!


Control Water lasts up to ten minutes, so if we want to commit to this, I can help jettison us there.


Oh, sick.


With the sneak attack, and the damage gets doubled--


I've been collapsing that cavern.


From the fall?


About what time is it?


Do I not have cover?


If they seem grumpy, or angry, and seem overly concerned with an enormous amount of money that they happen to have, or using it to just be mean or cruel to somebody, that's probably a sign that they'd just be much happier if they just knew exactly who liked them and the only way you could ever really know if someone likes you is if you don't have anything over them. And the easiest way to get to that honesty is if you don't have anything.


You gotta pull up. Pull up!


Wait, how did you get four?


Great. He takes 4d6 radiant damage again, from hitting me.


Did you bring any other survivors with you?


So tired.


Right. Sorry. The House of Peanut Butter will continue its bloodline. I don't know.


Dagger again?


If anything starts to happen, I want you to run for the door.


I'm sobering up a bit. Which we should probably do that.


12 for strength.


Here's a question  Why did Allura come to you for information?


So 16.


Yes, DM.


It's either that or--


I just thought your chest looked rather square, so I wanted to see what was happening.


Don't be a dick.


I'm going to say that I didn't leave the other side of the wall when I realized that she wasn't coming through. So, waiting right in front of Scanlan.


