I am currently spitting on the ground and watching it evaporate.


Wait, that was just my one attack.


I'm shell-shocked.


Underdark?


That's probably what it is. I have no idea what that is.


We just gave up a turn.


They didn't show me much. I'm clearly not very fucking bright, so there's a lot I probably didn't pick up on, but-- I don't know. I'm realizing I don't fucking know anything about them.


Oh, I'll take the darker green one.


Yeah, learn from Trish.


That's three gnoll sets and I'm going to mark one as super special because it's big.


22. No, 24.


Halfway, maybe.


Palming it.


We're still on the TV.


I feel like the city is pretty overwhelmed at the moment, though.


Definitely, look at them!


How about we drop to the floor about 60 feet from the doorway and send in a care package?


Do it, Caleb!


For christ's sake.


You just got to get some fancy clothes, man!


Lady Vex'ahlia, at your service.


Not misery.


You should go to there and you should tutor to there and you should introduce D&D to them.


Brisk power walk there, that'll get us there right around sunset. Talk to people. Power walk back, should get us there back--


Well, me and my buddies, we went inside this...


Not play, crush this game.


Do you wanna tie a rope around your waist in case it goes bad?


(grunting) Keg, do I look buff?


Oh, I do. Elemental damage. Ooh, yeah. Ten damage.


80 yards. Fuck, I'm so scared of everything here.


Are you naked with a sword hanging from your hip?


Why don't we just leave? There's no one here.


He doesn't eat, it'll be fine.


Nott, did you want to stick with the others? I'm going to run an errand with Jester.


Can you warm him up and see if we can get him out of here?


That is good to know. Thank you.


Let's go find a building.


I mean, after all, we saved your life, right? You wouldn't be (yells) hiding nothing, would you?


(gasps) Hi, guys!


All right, then I'm going to try to hit the dragon with a regular attack. I'm not going to do Conjure Barrage.


Hi, Sumalee!


You should give me a fez! Can you Prestidigitation me a fez?


I agree with Percival. I think all our options are shit. We pick the least shitty and see what happens.


Medium. A five.


I just toss 20 gold and I'm like, throw me a cigarette please.


I'll do both, actually.


Perce!


That's literally it. I don't know if they've ever had, like, an in depth conversation. (all laugh)


Narrate it, Matt.


Against a DC of 19.


The bachelorette party?


Successfully.


I need money.


Okay. Poison dagger in hand, I roll an 18. Does that hit?


I rolled 15.


I'm so happy!


Beau and I will hold you, and on the count of three, we're going to go under.


It doesn't matter, wait.


Yeah, I have to put them on under each shirt. It's a real bitch.


That's seven points of slashing damage, and the second one is only an 11.


Scanlan had it...


A 1984 metal magazine.


Yeah, add that ten, man.


But Scanlan, didn't you also say that they were, like, levitating?


You can ask him if the fruit is edible, and make sure it's not people.


And does the vegetation seem to be getting thicker?


23 on the first hit.


Don't put them on, though. Don't put them on.


I'm going to stealth.


Should we stick together, or do we want to fan out and go around?


You mean the Korshad drink?


Yes, I was.


And then I'm going to do True Strike on him. And I'll back away!


(singing) Jump! For my love.


Hit dice just restore at the end of the day, correct?


Have I already aided by inspiring Pike?


Should we look for traps in here?


Mardun.


Oh yeah! 21.


Yeah. We do have it.


Yeah, but if we float, then we're going to float right through the fog.


They're faster.


Oh good call. All right.


I look at the guards at the door and I go, told ya!


Are you pointing at me? Okay, okay. I'll start.


Good. 19.


Yeah, would you care for more?


Redbox, maybe.


What's his heartbeat like?


Do it with as little blood as possible. I'm dead.


It will quite possibly be a magic contract.


Is it the beard?


Yeah, we gave it back to him.


Yeah. It really was.


I light it up with my flame hands.


It seems familiar, actually.


If you have a Greater Restoration, Pike-- I don't have it on me.


Do it! If you don't do it, he will, do it.


I just said tangerine in--


(whispering) Just smile and say, "Thank you, Nott."


Okay. I'm gonna sit down and open up a bottle.


Yeah, I know all of them.


It could be someone else.


Would you send J'mon, would you send them our thanks?


Did she win anything? Did she get a prize?


The second one.


Nobody's allowed to learn at the table.


I have four ones that are, right now, in jail. Second attack is a 29.


Grog, did you steal Percy's glasses?


It's just that we're surrounded by gunpowder down here, so maybe not right now.


That's right, I put the flayed skin. I don't have the head.


Yes, yes!


I'm here, aren't I?


You do have a tail.


At least. Well, I am feeling lucky today and always. Here it is.


All right, I put the deck away.


He did wear lots of rings on his fingers.


That's a good one, that's a good one, yeah, yeah, yeah.


How about this? Will you come on Signal Boost, and we can do a pseudo-pilot test of Sportsball with Signal Boost? Would you do that?


No. Blink was my action.


Good thing you sent the pros. Amateurs probably would have had a worse time.


Oh god, 14 is like the--


(laughing) I'm terribly not strong at all. No, but I can get in and get out.


They didn't ask you to roll, Taliesin.


Pardon me, Vanessa. I thought you were just a band of hunters?


I love you, Vax'ildan. I'll see you again.


15 points.


We take the potion, and then we read their minds.


You know, we're all gathered here together, so I'd like to take this opportunity with Wilhand's blessing to propose marriage to you, Pike Trickfoot. Will you make me the happiest gnome ever? I'm sorry, I couldn't contain myself any longer.


Well, we've been here, and we've been here.


I was just sitting, like knitting, crochet?


And what is essentially a giant cheesecloth teabag of raw sodium in an oil holding base. You are aware of what will happen when I hit the water?


You guys, it's gonna be a really long hike, so let's find another burning tree, or Sun Tree or something that we can just walk into. 'Cause that was way easier than traveling.


Oh, yeah, hi.


Oh, no, she's day drunk again.


Just earring us if something happens.


Not bad. 23.


Caleb doesn't want it.


Length! And girth.


Vax does the same, watching his badass sister, and Pike waits to turn whatever's left of them.


Extended stay.


Yeah, remember 21 missed. I can't believe I'm saying this--


That’s right. She was vain.


I'm going to put a gold coin on her tray. So you can keep smoking, and thank you for the time spent in our company.


What the fuck did we open?


It was a good trip. I needed it.


He seems pretty fortified. And we don't have Pike. And this is her hometown.


We're all going to Vasselheim.


I'm going to mark down that Pike has one.


Four points of damage right between the legs.


You said something earlier about dexterity saving throws?


And run into it.


That's definitely an H with a bow.


Children. We're all children.


Normally sedated.


What kind of animals he might like? You know, check out-- you know, animals.


I perception-checked the room. It didn't seem like there was anything.


Oh, yeah! She doesn't actually, like, want this, she just wants to maintain a good relationship.


But that's risky.


Emberhold, yes. Is that an obsidian fortress?


Why did she say that? (laughs) I know!


I've never done that before. That--


I used one Stone Wall last week and I have two level five spells now.


(muffled) Tastes better with the victory.


I go in. Hi Tibs!


I'm good, thank you for asking.


I place my Sarenrae hand on her shoulder and say, you're here because she willed you to be here, she knows that we need you. Now please hide behind obese Percival. And I pat my sister on the shoulder and head back into the darkness.


It's my turn.


No, you're not, you're still hanging out--


He's big.


What?! Who's that?


Grog, are you ready to dig?


What is this? Is this a new accent you're trying out?


Well, just you fucking collapse because I can't do shit to this thing.


She's in half cover.


But it's very charming.


Oh, yes, very much. The earth is calling you to her.


She would've shared that, right?


Actually, I was about to say, because he's not seen a proper battlemap, so maybe...


He's not sleeping on it, is he?


No, no, no. Little girl.


Your mother watches this show, right?


Are you upside down right now?


Here's two more d8.


Ding, ding-a-ling, doodle-ding!


Gilmore, question. Maybe you should consider making little pins that we could just wear on top of our armor? Because wearing your armor, we have our own clothes that we like, so maybe like a pin.


I don't have it with me, but I--


I thought it was a more expensive gun than that, I feel a little better. Oh, that's right, it's the cheap gun of the two.


That he did.


I would like to.


Three spell level-- So only one spell at a time?


Blah blah blah. Hodie-fucking-ho.


He's on the ground.


Oh, wait. Should we ask the leader of the group, here?


It's just the tip of the iceberg, Matt.


How many hit points Vecna got left?


How much did you say it was? 24?


My armor class is 17 plus five, so that's 22.


Oh, that's painful.


I'm trying really hard not to think about it, actually. I don't know, honestly. There hasn't been a lot of time to process.


You should totally go follow him at KommissarProps. It's kind of hard so I printed this out for you guys. Follow him on Instagram and on Facebook. That's where you see the most about this guy. And go check it out. It's good for the giveaway.


Up into your face!


I want to ask her name, but I don't.


Let's do that. We order room service.


It's a river.


Maybe you should name him Lockheed Peach.


Jocks Machina.


I did, didn't I? Grog versus the volcano!


Are you still blind without your cantrip?


Wonderful to meet you. I've heard wonderful things about you.


Okay. I charge at it! No. (laughter)


What kind of cards?


Why did you take one of the greaters if you can make healing potions on your own?


Snooping around?


I focus. Reach down.


Crazy!


Yeah, I'm sure it won't fall on me. No big deal.


I'm just putting it out there  maybe survivors before ears.


I've already got one.


Actually, going off of that, because I meant to do this last episode, did Avantika have anything fabulous in her wardrobe?


Is somebody just going to show up and say I--


Nice trick!


If we want to mist there, then we have to sleep. But we'll press on for a few more hours.


Well, we can't sit here and wait for him to come back, we've just gotta fucking do it, right?


Very well done, Doty, thank you. We'll have much more to write tonight, so save some energy for that. Will you-- Will you carry me?


I mean, is there any nature down there? It's a mine. It's all rocks.


They've got a wax museum. Largest ball of twine.


The troupe may want to get out of town for a bit, as well.


All right. Let's pick up this spare.


I'm actually going to turn around and start searching that hallway.


Okay, so back up, everyone.


Looks good!


Two shit throws in a row. It can't get any fucking worse.


Can you use your chain as a grappling hook?


I was getting a little iffy.


Oh, plus her-- wait, I'm looking up her constitution. Plus one. 17.


Can I have another attack action because of haste?


Can we camp on the beach?


He probably thinks we're dead, you guys.


Burn a Luck. Ah, 20.


Yeah, he was going to go tell about us.


We'll try and find some evidence that will exonerate you and we'll return.


That's fine. That's not fine, but that's fine. Fire Bolt and here it comes to you, shithead. That is a 25 to hit.


That's love, y'all.


To be fair, she was just using it as a rug.


Okay, so I'm going to cast it on the five of us.


I bet. I'd like you to help me forge a letter. I'd like it to sound like it's from some sort of legal entity or law firm or court or something like that.


Oh no! He's back? Okay, we run away.


That's perfect, but then I might have to stay with him. I don't want to do that.


Crocs? Is he wearing Crocs?


Go ahead. Get it out of the way. I'm not worried about it.


I know, right? Don't suck so hard, me.


He is hard to read.


This is a special edition. It's a little more fancy. It's got the ribbon and leather and gold foil. It's got an evil tome vibe, and it's got lots of little wonderful details.


Oh right! She's stunned!


I wonder how much he paid to bribe the guard.


Yeah. That one's better. And thanks, and I think Percy's thankful, too. I think. You're doing really good work here.


I think so, yeah. You just can't interact.


Fuck a duck! (laughter)


To be honest with you, Caduceus, that was not here the last time I was here.


I tell him telepathically to just chill and sit there for a while.


No, I looked. It takes an attack.


That's quite a good idea!


Yeah, then we're all dead.


I may have hinted.


They want me to show you while we're live, Ashley, the emote that they made for you.


Well, it's good I took the hits, you know?


What would we do with these contracts if he is? Just wondering about that.


What if it's what?


Grog, what did you think we were telling you?


This was in Port Damali. You are smart.


I tell Pike real quick, Pike, we are right under the Sun Tree, which was dedicated to the god Pelor. This tree might end up being our best friend in this fight. Keep that in mind going forward.


And a nylon hood zipped into the neck, for some reason.


They disapparated.


Oh, that's true. Fjord's engaged.


I don't know what I should be doing!


No toll or anything.


Hide! I hide.


D'you want me to look around?


Yeah, he did! And I want to like go see him, but I don't know anything about "medititiveness," like sleeping standing up.


Sorry, I'm vibrating right now. Okay, so the second attack is a 19 plus-- 29.


Yeah, I'll do just a small healing.


Okay, it's just one, two, three. Shit balls. 14.


Reckless?


No, of course, we're coming back.


Give you a moment?


Should we shackle her?


No, no, no! Listen, listen-


I don't have the earring, but I can talk to you telepathically in any language. How about Italian, darling? (laughter)


This next woman was stuffing exotic animals into tiny balls before it was cool. Laura Bailey as Vex'ahlia! (cheering)


Didn't we send for Eskil Ryndarien?


What's evasion? It's an area effect! So if it's a big explosion, maybe?


It's not there anymore. Sorry.


Yeah, Pike's already across. 22 for perception.


I tie it onto my necklace.


I mean how many are there? Like ten or so?


Somewhere between one and 50.


Oh no, how many can you get before you're totally evil?


I'm talking to myself, Scanlan.


Yeah, can Trinket touch a stone? Or Cassandra. Cassandra, make yourself useful for Christ's sake.


I like it too.


Most of the places that charge a lot of money for rooms don't usually cook rats. But they do have other animals that they will cook for you.


No, I got enough. Some d10s and some d6s. So here we go. (counting) That's 12 points of psychic damage.


Well, I'll come visit. I was thinking, for my Darrington Brigade, I'll need lots of recruits, and maybe I could get some down in Whitestone. You know, fine fighters and young trainees. I even have an idea for my first adventuring partner. I think if I sold my old armor, I could afford that drow for a year, and she lives close by.


20 shirts!


I go over to the figure, I go over to the figure.


I wanted to move in between him and Scanlan, just wrap around.


It's not something we have to lay flat.


Bucket of water.


While he's doing that, Scanlan is feeling still terribly sad about leaving Pike. So overcome with emotion that he must step into the ruins one last time, just to see the place where she's going to be for the next several months, years. And before I do so, I drink one of my potions that I bought from what's-his-butt. Gilmore, the glorious Gilmore. Yes.


That's so softy-puffy.


He'll be okay, he'll be okay.


Well, I think you should pick a card, and we deal with one as of right now. And then maybe I'll pick one later.


Yes, we actually do.


I still have Shapechange for another hour.


I'm on the roof?


Anyone in particular feel super strongly about going and getting more help? Should we put it to a vote?


All right. I need the strength of two mes to win this fight. So I'm going to drop to my knees, and Wish to the gods that there was somehow more of me, that I could somehow be in two places at the same time. I wish for more me. Me-more. Me, but more. Más Scanlan.


As all that starts to wind down, I ask my sister to point me towards Reginald's daughter.


Oh, that's what... so technically we gave it to Zahra, didn't we?


Well, it's only 6 00.


You'd think I'd be able to do this. 18.


Well, they can go whenever they want.


Well, then it's good it was a one.


Yeah, where is she?


Dis City. Not this city, but the City of Dis.


Yeah. I don't know. Sleep on it. I'm going to go think.


Can you put it in a bag or something? Cover it up?


Up up down down left right left right.


To get out the Schusters?


I cast Divine Sense. Undead.


Oh, you know, it's like the face of death in the hallway, once it uses up its power, it's done.


Caleb, we got books!


Man, I'm normally the one with shaky hands.


Fuck you, gem!


Yes, it was.


Do I have--


All right, well. I'll help wherever I can. I do enjoy seeing you get new spells and new skills.


Pike's missing everything! (sobs)


Oh, okay. Great. I look at him, see what's going on. I (ping) my Ioun Stone, and I conjure out Telekinesis from it, and I guide it towards the monster's tentacle to unwrap it off Kima, and I attempt to pull it off her.


It's not really, it's a bit of it. It's off.


In the necklace? I'm going to stay put.


Oh. We don't know yet.


What? Who goes up what next?


Wait, what did he do?


It took us about a week to get from Kraghammer in, so we've got about a week.


She's probably watching. Hi, Laura. I would love to see if there's any sort of sketch or blueprint of this thing that we could just take a look at first and maybe have a thought of our plan of attack.


(sighs) We have to be careful with our word choices with him.


I call him Fluffy.


I'm going to extend my hand forward. I have five fingers out and then I pull in four. I send the flame down my hand because these people have hurt my little friend. I want his hair to burn off his head and die.


Ooh! No!


And then the second one-- 22 with one point of necrotic damage.


It's time we had another nerd.


I say, thank you, Percy. I think, in due time, you will thank me for this. And I toss it into the acid. As I say, when the spell fades he's going to be super pissed, somebody protect me!


I wonder if we should show a close-up or something.


Like Superman and Lois Lane.


Put down?


Physically or emotionally.


Just read it over. There's a lot of information in there. It's really important.


Thought there was a big circle.


Yeah, we're gonna put the beat down. (all laugh)


Another? You didn't tell me there was more!


Before Liam-- before Vax leaves--


Fade to tentacles.


Maybe it was just to steal a thousand-gold diamond. Maybe it was just to steal the diamond.


You were a bunch of crackheads. Crackheads.


There's another website for that.


Or don't disappoint you.


Stalked?


Pork belly, if you have it.


It was focusing the energy.


Do I know what this is off the top or must I make a check?


I think we did a good job.


It just says Bramble Shot.


Don't talk to me right now. Just don't. (laughter)


It is done. (laughter)


Into the abyss.


Would this be an arcana or this be a history check?


Yeah. Yeah, I'm--


I was just going to go speak to Earthbreaker Groon. I don't know what's so hard about that. He gave me these gloves last time.


There's a couple rats within range of my allies, right? So that I could get sneak attack?


Yeah, I jumped on a horse. Before we rolled initiative, real fast-like.


Okay, this shit's dope.


The piercing damage?


What do I see? I'm still on the roof.


I have a present from the chat room.


(singing) Not there.


A hidden valley.


Me!


Sorry, you had a great fence, and we're working on an act!


We are handier than we look.


Oh! 16!


How did that go with the little brain thing? Not too well.


He did.


Should we go say goodbye to somebody and leave?


From the ogres?


I pull out my hand crossbow and I point it at Fjord. Fjord, put that fucking thing down!


Anything else to loot from these schmuckuses?


I think-- we were about to head back, but we've got to get this sorted out first.


I'm holding it. Before I hand it in I'm going to show. I don't feel that there is any deceit-- there is nothing I can think to say beyond the truth. We are either dealing with honest people, or we are not.


Turn and cough.


That's just rude.


Trinket licks Grog.


Is he at the bakery?


Wait a tic. Wait a sec. I back out slowly, and I'm going to creep back to the other door. That other one, yeah. Perception check there, as well. That's 16.


I'm taking a short rest, you all can do this.


Follow me, everybody!


This is no reason to get rid of something for wholesale.


But if in one of these diaries someone remarks upon a strange murder or a ghost story, or honestly, anything interesting that's a bit peculiar, you just mark it and then we take a look. That way we thin out the amount that we have to read down to a manageable amount.


I move and do a little hip bump. Get out of the way.


Burn!


Is there any of this that you have not shared yet?


Is it stupid to be literally down the hall decoding this journal all night from where Avantika's staying?


My father's alive.


He's a god! He's a golden god!


I'm holding it.


Mhm.


There's no talk about using celestial power as some sort of weapon against these creatures.


I'm so fangirly.


Super important question Did they see you?


I thought that I could get a peeky-poo at what they actually were, who they were, and let's face it, I fucked up is what I did. And Grog? You may shave off my pubic region, or draw a dick on my head, if you want, tomorrow. Vex'ahlia, I'm sorry for not staying close by. Scanlan, we're good.


Okay. I start climbing the--


(whispers) You don't live here.


That's not a great roll, but it'll do.


Insight check that bitch.


I can't use a bonus action, and I have to reload once, so I can only take two shots with my action. I can't take three. So two shots with Bad News. Here we go. That's a 25 and 27 to hit.


I got a new 45 stealth check, so I'm going to go peek. We're level 19. I'm level 19, y'all.


That art book and an apron for the Slayer's Cake.


I cast Wand of Smiles at him.


So they-- oh.


I need to have the zombie hurl its body on top of me, onto the ground, and roll around on me, to get the flame off. It's a very stinky enterprise.


Terrible, terrible. That's a ten.


If the glass is glass, the glass will break. If the glass is something else, we may have to burrow through it.


I'm mainly aiming at the two dudes above.


Stephen Colbert.


This is not the plan!


Oh no! Were they our friends?


I have a pilot on Amazon Prime called Everstar, where I play a little robot.


Yeah. Punch him across the face. Grog! Pike?


Any packages, mail, post?


Indiana Jones, motherfuckers!


Can you get us close to underneath the tree?


Is Garmelie with us or did we leave him behind?


You're pretty freaking huge.


Oh, and I get sneak attack because there's a bunch of people on him. Okay.


Out of camera view.


I'm going to Dimension Door into the orb, into the whatever this thing is. The prismatic ball.


I stand up again. I still look like little Halas, but as Twiggy, I reach in my pouch again and pull out the tongue of a snake. As I do that, I have in my palm a little bit of oil, and I run it back and forth on it. Then I throw it out this way, and as I do that, I say: Wait until we've left. I try Suggestion.


Perhaps you've heard of us?


It's just a thing. There's going to be things here.


That sounded like something that happens when you're diseased.


This has been a weird day.


Thank you, thank you.


I Invoke Duplicity in the middle of the-- next to Nott.


I'm gonna attack him.


No. I ain't been there in a while.


Like a Glyph of Warding.


Beau! You know what we need to do today?


Strange thing. If you're stupid, and it looks at you with its wrinkled testicle face? You go unconscious.


Upper thigh?


Sorry it went late.


I don't need it! Negative one! (laughter)


I'm going to use Cutting Words.


No, we have to secure the safe house.


(imitates the Swedish Chef)


So let's take advantage of this.


God, oh god.


They're telling us not to be stupid because we don't have support. Should we be stupid?


I don't see anything, but I feel like something's here.


Ah, that was a dead roll. That was the same roll, but not wonky. This is intimidate? 22.


Taryon Darrington!


That means you, too, Matt!


Change the rules of the game. Wait until the countdown's done, then you say something foul.


We could use your help at this moment.


Is our gold still there?


An opening that's not a doorway? Or--


We could leave Fassbender here to help protect everyone.


Same thing, sharpshooter, I'm going to--


You're not diseased, you're special.


Perhaps you've heard of us.


I was a bit awkward with girls before I started out.


Knock her out. Me?


Oh, okay. Let's see. I whip out my little measuring tape. One inch, by one inch, by one inch. Mm-hmm. That part's the same.


We’ll wait until Gilmore gets back.


Do you know how far away it was?


Thank you. This is phenomenal, I know. I've got such terrible things that are going to happen to me because of all this good luck. So that's-- I'll do the first one really quickly. That's 20 points of damage for the first shot.


Are you sure you don't want to give me one? Because I usually end up pouring it into one of you sloppy saps.


How many d12s do you get to roll? You can roll four of them if you need to.


You're in a ball, motherfucker!


I reach in the Bag of Holding. I take out Percy's glasses. Would you care for a pair of these testicl-- spectacles?


Okay. That's about as far as I can go?


So probably it'd be best to go down. We could have avoided all of this bullshit if we'd just have known--


I will inspire her with a limerick Friends, I don't mean to sound bitter / But a year ago, life was a shitter. / 'Til I picked up some dice / With some friends! It was nice! / And now, ah, I'm a Critter. (cheering)


Well, tell us what you learned so that we can speak it too.


And then Potion of Speed  when you drink this potion, you gain the effects of Haste spell for one minute.


There's no 'C' on this thing. Oh, there it is. Never mind, I'm an idiot.


I think he's in jail, isn't he?


I'm going to use every dex I have. I'm going to slap fucking hard.


Halved? What kind of damage?


That's why I'm in the back.


It's a bitch.


No, you're good.


No, he just closed it, Jester.


Keg is right there to the bad guy. Am I mistaken?


Good swing! (laughter)


I'm going to give Nott the Scroll of Invisibility that I never used. This is for your help, for Mr. Caleb's help, and all of you. It's not much, but it's something.


But I could cast Pass Without a Trace so everybody gets +10 to their stealth rolls.


What do you mean last? You just started!


It's pretty dope. I want to get in that aquarium with those whale sharks. That's what I want to do. We're not going to have time for that. And then, also, in the middle of November, we're going to be going to Australia. Laura and I are going for two weeks. We're going to be in Adelaide, Brisbane. So for all the Aussies-- what?


Yeah, Legolas.


This guys absorbs damage, so stick by him.


It was a long walk, but we're all on the same page. Okay, are we up for a little B&E?


Can I check out the sphere that I'm looking at?


Oh, Kern, do you need some dick? Because I gave some to your mom last night! (laughing and jeering)


Everything's going to be fine, Jester.


They work for someone, a family in Shady Creek Run. They're powerful.


The dead guys.


Yeah, come get it. Come get it.


Okay. So that one didn't.


Well, in the morning, we're going to comfort everybody. We're going to take care of them, we're going to feed them. It's going to be our job to feel good for them and bring them back around. They did good work, they just don't believe it.


Not a hole that big. It wouldn't have worked on a hole that big.


I get up and I stand behind him and comb his hair out.


Dealt with.


Yeah, because if there's hundreds, then--


Like some poop.


Oh, an hour.


It's a him?


I can do that to us.


I wonder what would happen if K'Varn was cut off from the other side of this.


I don't think we do.


I--.


I took JB back and we built a fort in the room.


He's speaking Common. Okay.


Why don't you buy us a couple potions?


Oh God. Why did we all roll terribly.


Ten points. Okay.


Oh good! I'm writing this down.


It needs to be garbage.


I'm to the left of Caleb there on the end.


Fuck. I don't know.


Firewood!


Not a fellow! Not a fellow. A lady.


And we inform him that we buried his wife's ashes.


Learning.


Yeah, if you had time. Why are we being in such a rush about this?


P... de Rolo.


Sure. Yeah. I'll join you. Jester?


Creatures?


Pike, can you sense if there's any nasties down there?


Okay. I'm just going to keep talking, I guess. (rapping) The book we're looking for is fraught with insanity, It dates back to the time of Calamity. It's about a guy with oblivion chains. You know his name. (laughter)


I'm sorry I exploded it.


Question, would this trigger my reaction for Sentinel?


Maybe we should-- they can wait outside or something.


Boy, she's got a high AC, doesn't she? 10, 24, 34, three points of necrotic for 37. That's a d8. That's the wrong one. 36 points of damage.


When you mean east, you mean like, far east.


Yes, I do. I'm going to-- I can always disengage and run; I'm fast as fuck-- spend another ki point to do Patient Defense and hold my ground.


Never say never.


I'm just going to come, I want to get as close to him as I can and I'm ready for a fight.


Look at that pretty face!


Where's Garmelie?


Literally 12.


As he says that, I already begin picking through the remains of the leader's shit, looking to see if anything is left.


Nobody likes that; you're alone in this. And it makes me so angry that I go into a rage?


I'm just going to be turning my face to the wall.


Not exactly. I don't really have anything specific. I guess I'll know it when I see it. Something about yea big. You know, my father used to tell me that if a stone had a ring around it all the way, it was lucky.


Oh, so I do roll!


I have not seen so many real battles yet, but I have fought many beasts.


Let’s head down there. I’m going to head down there.


Can she dispel the magical effect on the room? I don't know.


You look really scary with it on you.


Thank you. Yep, here. Ish.


You'll get to that point as well.


Second attack? Rage, bonus action...


Oh, stop it! I kick the rocks out of formation.


And there may or may not be-- I don't know if I should announce this.


You made a broom?


We might start getting a little loopy if we stay out here for too long.


Gone forever!


I'd love to see that heart locket if you don't mind. This thing.


Can someone lend me a knife?


(screaming) What the fuck?!


Awkward.


Oh, I can open it for you.


Our first Winter's Crest Festival together running around, causing havoc, being adorable. Just in time for Christmas.


And you're sure of this?


I'm okay in the rain.


(high-pitched) The sickest burn. That's the sickest burn! Oh fuck!


Oh, he's Enlarged. He's engorged.


I'm not against this idea.


Oh, good call. Great. Do you know where those entrances are?


Yeah, well, I forgot.


The rushing-in, that's what I want to do. I wanna part right where Percy's heading.


What did we say we would to do? I have a great idea for how to kill this fucker.


That's must be stressful.


It's a d20?


That's very subjective!


That we gave Scanlan.


That would have been really cool in theory.


Oh, yeah. That, too! Pull the pin. (all laugh)


Are we walking or horsing?


We should probably rest the horse for just a bit. (laughter)


Yeah, small tears.


Are you asking me as Matt?


I'm still how many feet away from him?


We just don't see very many tieflings around here.


You're all crazy, we've all seen it. Now we can handle it as a family.


All right, just checking. I'm going to do nine points of damage, slashing damage, to him.


I'll stay with Kiri, and if there's trouble, we'll see what happens.


She's a dragon-lady, I don't know if that's the same thing.


Tower still needs to come down.


What? Why do you say that?


Shit, all right.


Ooh, I can't tell what this used to be.


Saving throw is 15.


I did a Travis burp.


Can I go speak to Keyleth about what I saw?


I'm not affected by that, though, because I'm outside of the bubble?


Did two additional damage dice rolls.


No, we haven't even gotten started. There's like 50 more creeks in front of us.


I don't care too much. I just roll over and go fetal for a minute.


Yeah, well, you'll learn. You'll learn. You're learning already.


You'll wait for us outside the grounds, and we'll give you your next assignment soon.


Tor Books.


A water creature?


Let's go down. Usually scarier things are down.


Sorah. Is she present in the tavern at the moment?


You have a face that is truly trustworthy. And I start looking for the key to his cell.


(laughs) Are we supposed to give it back? 'Cause that's not happening.


It sees me? All right.


It's pretty threatening, it's a feather.


That's fine. I'm going to take a trick shot at the beholder.


Go up to her.


Okay. Now I'm attacking.


And I cough, and the stones shoot out of my nose back at Vax. (laughter)


Should the Mage Hand try to open it, you guys? I can send my hand to try and open it.


Nice! Wood dagger!


This is the sound of bolts, no.


I'm sorry. So that's 23.


Come on, damn it!


You're sure you don't want to join us, Cass?


I don't want to bother you because I know there's a lot going on, but we're going into the Feywild.


Four plus six, my attack bonus, right?


Is there any way to even the playing field a bit? Any strategy? Fjord and Caleb, come on?


I look up, I line up the apparatus and look across the room, does it feel like there's any other Indiana Jones--


They're stitch monsters, okay.


There's windows though, yeah?


Your mind pictures.


Bats--


I want three of everything.


Why would you take it off?!


I wanna see in the dark place.


It is. It really is.


No. (groans)


It was so dark, but the sails seemed black like the heart of Captain Jawgrasp.


Nice, nice, nice.


Stop telling him what to give him.


Oh, oh!


A ring?


I don't know! I don't know what happened.


No, this is all good. I love how you've all fallen in love with Chod over here. It took you guys a full two weeks to even stomach me for a day, but that's all right. It's fine.


Do I still have the finery I wore to the Velvet Cabaret?


(as Jester) Guys, it's so crazy, you know? (as Taliesin) That was terrible.


Does that mean I do not as good damage to him or something?


To the little prone guy?


Nice. Higher than a ten, sorry. That's a natural 19, that'll do it. And 13-- that's an 18. All three save.


It's 50 gold.


Oh, yeah! Who was it that had that stuff?


Wait, hang on. Before we enter  it's safe to assume they know we're coming, correct?


Wow, still, adult dragon is like, right on par.


It's going great, guys.


No, no, no. It's fine!


Man! So I can't cast anything higher than level one either, can I?


I saw your gums for a second. It was freaky.


Or I try to blind it with magic.


Getting up on the roof.


So in my frenzied reckless attacking, great weapon master, can I bring my axe up high and swing it for the first attack to his left side where dangly hand is?


Should we try turning it?


It's rough out here; they should take their crossbows.


You could take off your armor.


This is so fucking stressful!


May I have it?


We've got the earrings.


Better.


Oh, right


All right, I'll give you what you need.


Let's go take a look.


King's Vault.


I lean down to one of the guards and say What is that bell for?


I know. I am going to cast-- nobody's in a clump anymore! They keep moving around!


It really was.


You have no knowledge of--


I'll fight him.


I love this color, by the way, that we're getting right now. That's lovely.


Hunt some scallops.


Let's do it!


You're a bird, you could probably fly in and fly back out.


Someone's going back.


Are you still embiggened right now?


What number do I use for the disguise kit? Dexterity?


That was a great game!


He's an old elf.


I can. I can attempt to talk to the tree.


Maybe we'll find all of those thousands of gold for you, and you can build your shop back up.


Literally everyone. If we could find a child in a pub who could take it.


To Emon for now?


We should tell her, Grog.


Yeah, we've never shied away from a confrontation before.


Yay! Thank you!


Plus your wisdom modifier.


This is not just a lake, there is a death monster in there. If we go under the water, we're dead.


Oh, we're so finished.


You're working on it.


Yep. It's right here. It's like popping into Blockbuster when you go to the grocery store. Might as well see what's up.


Thank you, Backblaze.


Does it have air holes?


She's saying a ship will be ready in two days or take two days to travel?


That's a 19 again.


We can't do anything. Dolan was going to handle that part of this.


Caleb is silently making the jerk-off motion in the room they are standing in. [cheering]


On the wall where the carvings look like they've carved over something, are there any areas that aren't done as carefully and you can see what was there before it was carved over?


Oh, he's pulling it back.


I was gonna say, like an old-school lighthouse.


We're focusing so much on this poor old woman and there's big intimidating--


How we can get into the trapdoor, exactly.


Matt, can I use my bonus action to at least Hide?


It's better when we're working together. If you need to steal something, do it with my help, all right?


Can we also say that we put our earrings back in the next day?


I'm pulling that out of my pocket and walking over to that door in a daze and I just down it, push the door open with my foot.


Enchanter Pumat Sol, do you have any health potions we might be able to acquire from you?


Going to just drink at the Leaky Tap.


Once we get back to the western wall, we'll be able to hear each other.


That key has seen a lot of miles.


Damn it. I was debating whether or not to hit him with Hex, and now I'm so sad I didn't. Oh, well. That's okay. I'm reloading, and I'm going to take another Bad News shot at Delilah. Where is she?


We thought we would give you the cornucopia of our experience.


Yep! That's amazing.


15. Wait, nope, 19. Wrong thing.


Oh yeah, we did.


So wait, you said that there are tablets with rings on the corners of the tablet and splatter--


I suppose that is a growth industry. This is interesting, I'm going to think it over. I'm going to leave it, and we'll be back in the evening.


Thank you. Going to need it. 20. I'm going to use my inspiration. 28.


Do you want some more?


I'm at least going to get up to-- What's a basic movement?


Well, all right, I would love to inspect our special package and try to understand it better, if you want to be present for that--


Let's get up and moving.


He's better.


You did an amazing job with that.


It could be a long night.


Following around in a circle.


I did. I feel very bad about that.


That's right outside the city?


Excuse me. Once we're past the border, and time has passed, and the two Empire kids are sitting alone in this carriage. Caleb, staring out the window not even looking at Beauregard: Beauregard?


The guy that targeted Beau has to make a wisdom saving throw.


How are we traveling? And where are we going?


His carefree manner worries me.


Can you leave me an earpiece so that I can keep in contact? I'm not leaving my workshop.


Two survivors and two enemies, right?


I love doing this show. (laughter)


Four, so that's 12 points of damage. The second one is nine points of damage, so 21.


Caleb, you want to see something cool?


We saw your tent going up! We did!


It's very familiar, that's right. It belonged to the arch-vampire who we fucked up.


It's a real poster!


Feed me!


No, probably.


And I'll kiss his surgical scar if I ever meet him.


Move the bookcase.


Anman. An-amn.


Ironically when we played the game at home this is exactly what we'd do.


Even though I'm holding on to his leg?


Kashaw. No mention of Whitestone at all. Anywhere you go. Very important.


That was fucked up.


Do I get my bonus?


Which I forget sometimes. That's better.


I have a terrible idea.


I'm our second sponsor. (laughter)


No one can see you.


Reckless, please.


Stop with the nervous tics. Stop.


Oh sorry, I'm getting a phone call. This is embarrassing. Hello? Yeah, uh-uh. Really? Yes! I accept! Okay! Thank you. That was my agent. Guys, I booked a two-spot local radio campaign for Lord of the Wings, that new wing place in Chatsworth! Two radio spots! I'm a real actor again! I'm back! All right! Where was I? (As surfer) So wax down that twin fin and pull a thruster on an epic left because D&D Beyond is righteous! Banzai! (as Sam) What a crazy turn of events.


Scanlan's dead. Unconscious.


Oh, hell no.


Oh boy.


Okay, me and you, Beau.


I help him with my Heat Metal spell like a soldering iron.


Yeah. Very nice.


I'm going to just walk up and start a conversation.


Two swings.


I was waiting for someone else to say it.


She was saving her action, though!


Who were you going to give this to?


(laughing) The Cadence family?


These are heavy.


It is inward singing.


I'm going to sit and fix my guns.


Ioun is quite a goddess, and she does not respect secrets, though. I, on the other hand, feel that secrets can be precious.


And the second one. Reckless. Thank god. Because that was a one. 20-- 31.


Okay. I get up to the edge. I can only run another 15 feet or something, right?


No, Caleb go back to sleep, you're ruining everyone's sleep.


I was, yeah. How about I go with these guys, with Jamedi and Avantika?


No way! It's a lie. If it wasn't live, no one would believe it.


Maybe we give him the extra bottle of wine and you go talk to him.


Well, why don't we at least go and talk to that guard that came back? Try and track him down, maybe get a little bit of insight.


It's so worth it.


Nott, I really want that wooden sword.


I'll leave that up to your discretion.


Go away now!


Okay, we should all-- Can we all--


(reluctantly) Yeah.


(groan)


When they cross the finish line. I've set a silver thread across the road and if they move through that-- Anyone but us who walks through that line will set it off and I will hear.


Maybe the triceratops could kill all the dragons.


Yes, we have business at the Pillow Trove.


The nitwit.


Okay, guru Liam. Yeah. Liam from Ojai.


Because loot drop.


No, you didn't pay for this room.


You picked it up.


(slurring) No, it's very good.


Why isn't he attacking us?


Yeah, they can still sense you!


Thirteen.


I'm not as strong as you, Allura.


You have an owl page on D&D Beyond?


I still want to be stealthed on the broom but I take off into the cavern.


Dealing with that?


Okay. I don't know what we're going to find!


(engine revving) Start up the full.


What if she's Lady Briarwood? Like what we were saying? That's what I'm most afraid of.


Ah, yes, Doty, thank you. I'll review this all later. How many pages did you fill?


He's rough.


We don't need an airship to do that.


Thank you so much. Thank you so much! What can I do to help? I'm pretty meager a servant, but anything you need, whatever you need! Gosh, you guys are good-looking. (laughter)


Are you having PTSD flashbacks, Percival? Are you okay?


No, they're pretty legit. Because honestly, this is where the bigwigs go, so they want the best, right? They're not going to take a bunch of jack-offs with them.


We don't see the thing, right? Yeah. There's not much we can do without seeing our enemy, right?


Yeah, so we gotta work on your bravery, maybe your fighting voice.


All right. We put the lead box on the floor. Let's leave it in the lead box, but we'll lift the lid.


But we can stealth there, get the armor, and then get out.


That is at the highest level!


Not fun. (groaning)


What are you guys doing? I was hoping we weren't going to catch Travis in the midst of breastfeeding. How are you guys doing? Do you miss us?


Wait! No, I'm just fucking with you.


Way better, but still terrible. 12!


I know. That's ten points of damage, plus five psychic. And again: strength saving throw.


We're going to die. Let's get a room.


You also have your Ioun stones.


Yeah, did the pincers sound like something we have fought though, before?


That's baby-making music right there, baby.


At the pace in which that cliff fell apart last night, I don't know about the structure of the topography here.


My second one - can I use my bonus action? Sorry.


I thought we were doing what we were supposed to do down there.


That actually is genius.


I'm walking 50 feet in front of everybody else.


That felt like Shockwave.


It's not going to last, you do know that. It's not going to last.


(cat growling)


I don't know much, but I do know that.


Look at his fake innocent face.


What's a harpy?


Yes--


I rolled a 20, a 7 and a 12.


Like what? What kind of stuff?


Yes. It's good to have someone like you by our side.


What is this?!


Just roll with it.


50-- Let's not even say the number.


Well, I'm a romantic, so I notice these things.


They're going to be in there for a minute. Nobody wants that dragon in the window.


18, so half of 18. It's radiant damage. Is radiant damage doing anything to him?


Can I just bump into Vex and ask her to maybe scan ahead for dragons?


I was thinking about that.


That's right. We should head to the west, to the wall. To the city wall.


I have it!


What about his jacket?


Did you guys see that? I was like in an aquarium.


If there was some book that had all this information available.


It's pandemonium on the docks, right? At this point?


It's 18 now.


The gods? You don't think the gods exist, after all you've seen, Grog?


Oh, you've got cool stuff too?


I'd like to put my back against the column.


(laughs) I want some black and white armor. How--


Is it constitution saving? Plus two.


Ah! Hm. Ah. Okay. That's, eee, (broken audio).


Uh-huh. No, keep telling me about myself, Scanlan, today.


Oh, right. Well, he's probably not the Traveler, then.


Well no, not all of us. If you'll recall there were more of us when we came down here. And some of us aren't here because they died.


He can't die? That's a rule?


Hell yeah! [cheering]


Also, I should try to do it, because if I come back in a wall of stone, it doesn't matter.


He needs a little bit of healing--


The ziggurat.


Yeah, I think they are. I think they're eating popcorn. I can hear it.


Oh, no, Percy!


It's a house?


We love you all so much.


What's Boaty McBoatface?


You're fired.


Well, it's a pleasure to meet you. My name's Tiberius Stormwind, and these are my friends.


I lean in, and I lick his nose with my own tongue. And then I let him lick me all over the place.


Smeed.


Sorry, Grog!


I'll take that 14.


I will not go through the cone?


And I imagine it's pretty dark down there.


They're nice shadows.


No you got it. It's gone.


Oh, did she? What did she say?


Yes, I caught him up a little bit as we were walking back. Pretty sure it is the fairies who are creating the magical barrier, and I'm pretty sure it's because we might've scared the living shit out of them, so it might've all been still our fault all along, like most things are, so we'll talk to the fairies tomorrow.


Flametongue Dagger is out so I can see the non-water portion.


Well, am I still chained up to the cart?


He's not a zombie.


Couple questions. I really like some of the armor pieces that he has on his shoulders, like with the skulls and things. Is that just part of his--


Yeah, I don't know. Hold on. I'm gonna listen for it.


Did you get another 20?


That was weirdly helpful.


Not quite yet, but I'm sure people are already talking about it.


I guess we do.


Because he's in its what?


How much for the mask?


I would say this, though. Just as a curious tourist, if you were to kill us you would not find the location of the item.


(effeminate voice) What's that, Travis, what's that?


That's right. We've got these two bruisers here. That's good. I concur.


I can't believe he's rolling this many times.


Have to get that looked at.


How are we going to do that, though?


Am I within 60 feet of the guy on the ground? The one that's far away.


Like scout?


That's a very fair point.


Inspiration? Okay. I inspire them.


(laughing nervously) Oh shit, Kima just died.


And also, don't need to party or anything, but three cheers to you. You just survived hell and back.


We have a regular grappling hook, we'll just get up out of the--


He doesn't make an attack or anything?


Just do this.


As we go by it-- we're headed that way, right?


Super thick? Ugh!


Wait, then Thordak was banished to the Fire Plane?


Yeah, mobilize.


Or he's blocking it somehow.


I'm going to get my shit.


Good job, badasses.


There's other people down here doing shit as we walk by.


But she said he was very charming and very sweet and very funny. He always made her laugh.


You hit a mother.


Oh, shit! Shit. Tracking the guy.


I believe him.


So sorry. We just burned an entire encounter like, "Yeah! Fuck whatever Matthew made."


So should I notch an arrow and try to hit him?


Anything over a dollar.


I feel like we should go celebrate and drink, but it wouldn't feel right without him.


I once saw him kill a man with his taint.


Can I run up with the falchion within melee?


You can even fold up the sleeves to make them super fashionable.


I got a crazy idea.


It has to be walkable body-size.


I shouldn’t be the one talking right now.


Oh yeah! (laughs)


Each eye tends to have a beam that has a different ability.


Why are you trying to yank him towards you? You are directly under the Kraken.


Oh, sure. I love singing happy tunes. About fairies?


Can you slam down an hourglass for shopping?


Yeah. I knew I would just get a little bit on the road right now.


Yeah, it's like a taco shell and we're the meat.


It's also a huge, and your stink-cloud is only, you know, 20 or 30 feet across.


It's a Purin tablet.


Take it off! Take it all off!


Did you already ask if the pit fiend took damage because you took damage?


Cassandra, does any of that sound familiar?


Are we trying to get out of here? What are we doing?


Oh no, I don't! I don't do that!


I am starting to regret that I asked. What's the punchline?


If she ever talks to me again, I swear I will.


What about the temple? Why?


I will hold my attack until I see something come out of somewhere.


We are not sending Keyleth the goose into a bog to retrieve a bow from an angry cancerous tree.


Ah, balls. 23.


I took a potion that will let me see through my poo and check in on Pike from time to time.


And he's not flying or anything, is he?


I'm not actually going to tie it to the arrow.


That felt pretty good, too.


I think you smashed it.


Full disclosure, I could help you cope with--


You know my tactic.


I'm going to start peering around the corner with the flashlight.


Not a problem.


I don't want to disturb them. They're by themselves, alone. Should I go knock on their doors?


Oh, what about something for breathing?


I don't know. Never done this before.


We can wake him up and ask?


Wait, what is it, a deception? 14.


But that could get us in close. Scanlan and I could get in closer, and blind it, and I could stab it in the head.


I don't have anything that's going to help get him out that I can think of.


I thought he was just big in our parts.


Don't let that get out, I got a reputation.


I have some climbing gear, but--


My better one? That doesn't count. No, nope. Four total.


Yeah, Clarota.


Here is three gold for you.


(whispers) How?


I'm going to go check out the top. (mist sound)


You typed this right in front of me!


Laura just quit the show.


Gunslinger's dodge.


What am I rolling with my Tinker's Kit? I've never done this before.


Do you care more about the broom than me?


Will they wake up if we hurt them now?


Because it's that many dice?


Can you yell at him?


Can I look at it?


Not at home.


I'm taking my round to aim.


I can't do anything without my stuff.


Stick it in the ground.


-- he said in a weird way.


Does it rain down here?


Snip his--


Is it all of us or just you?


Tuck and roll.


Blue light.


Witch Bolt.


Aw, no, fuck it! Let's just do it without that deal! Double or nothing! Go Nott! Yeah!


One explosive arrow.


Good pronunciation.


Tiberius Kraghammer.


That lady's really nice, though. She's like a grandma.


Okay. I'll do a Healing Word.


Ooh! He learned to be a dick! (everyone laughs)


Okay. I'm going to-- let's see. First thing I'm going to do is-- oh man. I'm so sorry, I don't quite have my shit together.


You were supposed to be a bootmaker. You're super-judgey.


So if whoever was going by with those dogs while we were up in the trees the first night we got here comes by and sees a hole in the wall...


Look at that. That's actually better. 20.


Is Amelia awake at this point?


Maybe from the other side. Someday, just for shits and giggles.


That wasn't a groan, that was like-- ugh.


Yeah, I'll just hold my cup and wait for something to happen.


I should have known. I can't talk to people.


An innate sense that the world is moving in a direction--


She's cracking it out!


Ah fuck.


Our new best friend.


It's new.


Fly within 40 feet of him. Throw Whisper at his ass. That's what I'm doing. Assassin.


Wake up, everybody!


And he takes 3d8.


Are you in the company or know of Siren?


He's much less damaged than the other guy.


Just three more natural 20s.


I will. I--


'Sup, playa?


Okay, Wilford Brimley.


Charlie the dog.


Shambala?


Through walls and stuff, yeah. So what's that deal?


Yes, we won't get into any trouble.


And, the Endless Rope? As I'm asking for that, I take out my Immovable Rod and I'm going to place it, kind of, in an exit position and (clicks)! Make it stay right above there.


What's my form?


I mean Whitestone.


Take your shot.


Well, I can tell you.


19 points. Does he get any holy damage from those arrows?


May I throw a wrinkle into things? Those bats didn't look good. Those are eyes that he's using to watch things above. So we gotta get through the bats first. Or distract the bats, or get rid of the bats.


-- if any one of us goes unconscience-- unconscious.


Kerrion.


Yeah! Oh my god!


In the long run, I think this is going to be better for you.


So can we decide that earlier?


It is The Ring!


It's gonna be cold.


I see a whole lot of ocean.


Oh sorry, I was looking at a book. 18. Sorry.


How so?


All right, how big is this thing that's keeping the door shut?


I love you, too. Not in a weird way.


She's not here!


They were understandably rattled. It's understandable, but Dolan's going to try and stay to make the city a better place. Horris is going to remove a bit of the risk for himself for a bit.


It's a little squishy.


We're coming back!


Get my cat out of there.


I know. She's at home.


Are you building another shop?


No, go, you first. Please, Gern.


Potentially. You know, we're leaving soon, and Beauregard has an in at one of the bigger libraries in the city and I want to go there before we leave.


However...


That's all three, right?


(shouting) What's wrong with Caleb?!


Does she murder everybody or does--


Really? Mine was an asshole too.


I don't know why. Something snapped. He's hurt and killed a lot of people. We think that maybe he's been making you sick too.


Yeah, agreed. In hospitals, you see all nature of people.


The hag, right?


I'm going to spit on him while I'm still standing. And I'm just going to flop on my back, turn back into a dwarf. Be like, "Hey, you guys want to get a beer?"


I was afraid she was going to die.


It's okay! Oh look! Magic is real! I have it right here in the bag! Yev, how does Backblaze work?


That's all I've got. How far can I make it?


I'm the gunner! Well, the powder monkey.


What is this worth?


He crossed the threshold? Is that what you saw?


(singing) Singing in the rain.


We have that in my clan, too. We all set up a huge nest of leaves and sleep together.


We're actually going to have to have a conversation with the Clasp, because we're going to purge the city once the dragon is gone.


We'll put it on the wishlist.


I don't want to resist it, so  I intend to either destroy it, or find somewhere secure that the Cult of the Caustic Heart, servants of the Scaled Tyrant, can't find it, because they knew my power. They knew that I'm descended from an ancient black dragon from far away. If they find another one like me, they could do terrible things. I promise you, Mr. Caleb, I promise you that all I want is to right some of the wrongs that I once did as part of that group. I helped kill people; I helped torture people. I've got to make this right, and that's the only way I can do this. I don't know much, but I know that the only person that can take that thing and make sure it's not used for ill is me.


Two, three, fuck, four, fuck, seven, nine, 18, 24 damage. With the second knife, sneak attack into his ball sack.


Okay, I hit with a 15 plus seven, so a 22.


Why would it be gold?


Plus?


We are. But here's the thing--


He talked to her?


A potion. A spell. A prayer. A symbol. A "siggle." Anything?


Do they have tails?


Tunnel!


Shopping and crafts, Travis!


Thunder queens.


Scanlan, go!


That is a literal description.


Oh. Okay. I'll take my bread, please.


Grog, before we go deal with our friends, if I may: That man fought a brave fight. I feel you should go make amends with him, it was a respectable battle. You won't feel good about yourself unless you do.


Well, he can do lots of magic, and he can appear out of nowhere. That's cool.


Well said, cleric!


We could send it in a direction?


More thunder. Another thunder.


I was-- After the last game I was like, I feel so bad I treated them so badly.


Right? I don't want to use any of my shit!


Did you cast Identify on the ruby thingy at all?


I don't know. Keep going. Keep doing it.


It was just - was it just me and you?


I don't think we're even going to pull over.


Doesn't sound great.


What's a diamond?


And Erica Luttrell. Both great actors, fun to play with. Again, I don't want to spoil anything, but I will say that it will be focusing heavily on motherfucking werewolves!


Pale skin?


Okay. Good.


It just halved me.


You want me to pour the Alchemy Jug in here? Or just one of the little ones?


Shake it, shake it, shake it.


He might die, didn't say it was foolproof.


This thing in my head--


You're so good about this normally.


I love her.


I start writing these things down.


I'm down to push the other hour, but my constitution is (clicks tongue).


Who is they?


She has a headache.


(shouting) All right you motherfuckers! I need hollow charges loaded! I need extra fuses on every motherfucking cannon! Get me hollow shells loaded with extra charges. I want four cannonballs on every cannon! Move!


Man, you are so broke all the damn time!


Slashing damage?


I don't know if I had a favorite part.


Yeah, that's less of what we're looking for.


Then Blink.


We back away.


Herd leader! We trust you will leave something in that cave for the people of this town. Something to help them recover.


I spin.


Let's do this quick. We need to rest. You need to talk. There's much to do, and this does not feel good.


First announcement!


Is Pike-- No, she's divinely--


Identify.


Yes, it is. That wouldn't have, by any chance, have been recompense for everything we did the other night? Or are you rolling in it?


All right, fair. How about, you see me picking at them, or chipping at them or any of that shit, you just say the word and I'll stop.


Mainly Liam. Mainly Liam.


Oh yes, I can do that. Should I do that and then come back later?


That's the saddest thing ever!


That's right. Eight points of damage.


Oh, okay. I thought you said Allura took her away. Okay.


This about when I run up  What'd you get?


I don't have to know.


I rolled 17.


Yeah, we're new pirates. Are you a pirate? I mean, I guess we're all pirates, right? Everyone's a pirate here?


17. Oh! You know what, seems important, I will inspire myself. Can I do that? I haven't done this in so long.


Okay. I'll do some Bigby Hand.


I'm flexible, but not that flexible. I'm pretty flexible. Yeah, I never nailed anything down for a really good act.


And if things get bad--


Huggies.


Can I attack on her heels when she's done?


Confidence needs improvement.


Ugh, I've got to look at this a bit more before I give this to you because it is very, very good. It is a Wand of Fireballs, by the way, people. It has seven charges; while holding it, you can use an action to expend one or more of its charges to cast the Fireball spell, DC of 15, one charge you cast at third level-- so many words. I don't even understand.


These aren't the same gems that were holding Uriel's family, those were different.


I'm real! I'm with you!


What a response!


Okay, good. Are there any guards within earshot that heard me shouting?


But your goblin friends knew where the village was.


Okay. Well, do we need to get the spider first?


He's literally our only job candidate.


-- I feel like we need to get our spells back, otherwise we're just gonna get killed.


I could always bring you up on the broom.


They're columns.


Go to your D&D Beyond app; it has all the manuals.


"You know what? You're right! He is no hollaback gnome."


Of course she does, because she takes killer notes.


Thank you, I needed some inspiration for this fight we're about to do. All right. I also want you to know that Vex loves you very much and will do whatever she can to protect you.


We might have to get Grog out of there somehow.


That's a ten.


We'll get you home. We're here-- this is Fjord's thing. We're his support. We're here to help him out. Beauregard and I don't want to be here forever either, I don't think. I know that I do not want to be in this place or on the sea forever. It's interesting.


All right! Let's go to Vasselheim.


Makes you look bigger as well.


Do you bring around one of those like--


Oh, it turns out that that hits me.


What are the last two? Divination and--


Want to hit me with it?


Oh, I wouldn't-- Oh.


Where's the upper slums? Upper slums, please.


I will try to increase our speed towards the island in the direction away from them and aim to get on the island, if we can.


They didn't take kindly to him.


Really? Are you sure? You have to think real hard about butt-naked Tary. Real hard.


I'll save that for another day.


Sorry, Grog. I was trying to keep you from dying.


At dawn, we quorum!


Well done against the Hammer.


Are we out of the cavern now?


I'll write another one for Easter, I promise. (laughter)


We are well traveled.


Oh, my constitution modifier? As a--


It is poky.


Taking it as a compliment.


There's not even a bed in there? Just a stool?


Do I get a bonus?


You, too. Take care of your hair. You know, you shouldn't wash it as often as you do. It just makes it dry and flaky.


Travis, shut up! These two and their gigantic damage rolls.


It's very pretty. Some art pieces. Some objets d'art!


Oh shit, you guys! Oh, fuck.


And we're all on the ground now?


Bro-barians.


We should get you a disguise.


And I'm doing the eight-hour--


I won't let you die, Pike.


Yeah, so that's only two you used.


Smash cut to two hours later. (all laugh)


Okay, but wait. Can we get Beau and Mr. Clay down here as well to help?


Yeah, we're good.


I know, but you know I always take it and I never feel anything. (laughter)


I look like Cap'n Crunch, by the way. (laughter)


Is K'varn the one making creepy zombie monsters?


Scales and claws.


Why don't we just tread that way, and we'll see what happens.


I don’t have the number in front of me, but it’s at least 150.


She casts Turn Undead.


I need to learn that.


How will you destroy it?


He laughed at it the first 20 times I said it to him.


I didn't see how big. It seemed immense, and like it was probably pretty big underground? But I couldn't-- can't be for sure.


You're at zero. Never mind. Fuck.


Well guys, Vox Machina is now free and clear of all evil influence. (laughter)


It's there!


(coughs once)


So that's, let's see. Oh, I need one of these, too. That's 22 points of damage and one point of fire damage.


That you, Nott?


Do what you were going to do. Do it!


Hello, hey.


Why would we not?


Do you need me to stay up, Captain?


We'll have to check that out.


I'm searching around the room, looking for any sign of Tary.


Technically, did we get a short rest on the way in? Or did that not happen?


I see this happening, right?


Hell yeah. (growling noises)


Wait wait wait.


Oh, balls. That's terrible.


I get up. Still have 20 feet of movement left. Can I make it to Lorenzo?


I'm not good at it.


We intimidated this--


Do I? I don't think I do.


I was in the 30s.


To see if we can find somewhere safe.


Unless, I can go first if you want.


I knock on the door and say  Good evening, Marion Lavorre! The Little Sapphire has come to see you!


Great, great. If you need anything, there's two bells next to your bed, there's one to call servants and there's one for me.


I was going to say, I don't think we've achieved anything.


I'm even on strength checks, I think.


That's just a name. It's not actually, like real thing. That just-- [stammering]


I didn't even understand what-- (laughs)


That guy's hot! Is he single?


I think it was a natural.


The instruments and the campsite.


Did Beau make out with the Crick?


No, that's what I meant. The cloak. I leave the robe.


Oh, 2d10. Okay. Nine.


Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. What if we go under the ground all the way to the tower?


Yeah, get back out and go ask him where the Sluice is.


So someone in this district probably knows something about the person who owns the district.


I've read-- That was a chapter from a book I read. I just recited it back to her. I assumed it would work, because it was a romantic novel, that's all!


Boy, this is quite a predicament that we've gotten ourselves into. How the hell-- we were visiting your mother. Your mother was so lovely--


She's got to hold all the diamonds.


You remember?


16 for the first one.


Yeah, it's part of the cunning actions.


Doubled, yeah.


Oh, I got it for fixing a bunch of shit around town. Are you going to taste it?


No, he said you were in range. He was in range right when you moved.


Is this where it is?


She fell down the stairs, you guys.


No. If there is a curse, and she is affected, it would be good to get it out of her as well.


Aw, man. That roll was bigger than I knew.


On my trainer's belt on the back.


We're golden gods.


And they're so outside of the norm.


Ah. I've been confused. I am confused. But. And I take her by the hand.


Oh, got the date wrong. (retching) I need to change. I have jizzed in my pants. (laughter)


Great. I will use Disengage and hop off the cart and try to run up next to Jester. You're on your own, Fjord!


Should we land on the city on its back, or should we try to fuck up the titan?


See if we can gently catch up, just to the vague periphery, so if I can see them, then great, and if not, oh well.


They cry your name across the--


No, and of course that makes sense that a hundred gold for that entire set would be very fair.


It's the--


Yeah. Totally. Let's go. I'll go with you.


Okay. We have to walk, though, right?


We killed him. That was the first guy we killed.


Isn't Point Break the one where they keep jumping out of airplanes? I can never remember.


You really have to sell it though, and act like a dude.


That is a seven. So that's 17, 18, 19, 20. 30. 36 points of damage.


That's a really good question. I would like to rage. And I jump in the fucking pit.


We should be very careful. These two are good at using their brain muscles. Could be an ambush.


Please roll good.


No, I also agree. I think it draws an unfortunate amount of attention. (laughter)


Okay. I'm going to use my bonus action to Hunter's Mark him.


We're going to have to 007 sniper them out.


Yes, I remember.


Oh, sorry. 27.


Jesus! (group laughs)


You you want to go with them? I'll go with him.


What are we fighting? Are we fighting the other groups, or are we fighting something--


There's so much that I wanted to talk to you about, Kerr! I'm so glad that you came along!


Oh, you two take it, then.


Five.


And I say, nope!


1,050.


Tavern corner.


I step forward into the room, and I hurl it at the fucker's face. The mind controllers.


I'm looking for clouds because I rolled a two.


And then wait.


I think I do.


We can't signal each other, and we don't know where each other is. I hold his hand. (all laugh)


Can I point it down towards the ground and get lower?


Maybe he ran away because doesn't want to be held accountable for his actions?


Yes, it's pretty standard.


I like the sound of that.


Should I go first?


Oh man. I don't know how to respond to that. I'll see you on the other side. We'll put a pin on this one. Bye, Kash. And I cast it through the tree and I push him in.


Let me take back half that movement and I'll go here.


It was so good, too! Almost! Did you see that? History? Six.


Is it walking?


We're on one side of the line. Send it to the other, see what happens.


You were shutting them as you went.


I'm going to find his name, don't you guys worry, then I'm going to bring it right up.


Yeah, are we all together?


Is there anything you can do to make the dragon visible with his invisibility? Set fire, or your faeries?


No, I don't think anymore.


Well, we know we don't have a lot of time, but do we maybe want to table this and think on it?


All right. Jesus. There's all these people around. All right, I'm going to step away from the troll, and I'm going to light it up.


All right, I hear talking?


He's prone.


Oh, no, no.


Oh, yes, yes, that's right, yes. Any new reports of the hooded people?


Can't we all go under The Mighty Nein?


If we slept in our rooms--


Phew.


Strength?


With fire damage!


Everyone who's going upstairs?


Oracle arrow down the hole.


Think about Grog's girlfriend.


I did all right.


Is life always this directionless?


Was Keyleth right? If we defeat him, do you go away?


You have a really big room, Pike.


Let's go look at one.


Yeah, I was going to ask.


So because Trinket's right there, this is a sneak attack. That hits. That is 29 to hit.


Let's not let them know we're here.


Wonderful. Well, I'm not intimidated by this at all.


Vexed.


Can I do a nature check to see if this seems to be natural or arcane?


Are we going right now?


No! Fail!


Which one looks like the newest?


So over here?


I'll take off my blinders, my night-blinders.


We keep some scales, we keep some teeth; we split it.


No, I have a sledgehammer too.


Sorry, Lyra.


Okay, and I can add a d8 to this?


Do I know what kind of magic or what kind of magic wielder would have been able to protect this room or design this protection?


I've got such cottonmouth.


And Scanlan's still in the pooper. He's not really.


Bloody Marys, please.


Is this what we were talking about that time?


17. Plus seven! 24.


I don't know if I have climbing gear.


Fassbender. How many years old are you? Hold up-- hold on, how old are you?


Well. (haltingly) For peace on Exandria, right?


Oh, do you have to attune?


25 points of heal!


Maybe we can get him to fall in love with someone else.


I'm helping out.


Does any of us see this besides him?


I'm going to hide, just in case they come this way.


Context of the name. Anything?


I wish I knew. If I'm lucky, one of these days I'll find out.


I make myself look like a young human girl with lots of freckles and big, poofy red hair.


We're working the rope.


It's four o'clock!


That's a good one! Did any of you grow up shy?


I'm going to do that, yes. Is there any other-- there's just a little brain in there right now?


He's-- wait, what?


Should we still cave it in, though, behind them?


To keep pouring blood on, well...


Vax, give him all of your Vestiges! (laughter)


I'll try to cast a more powerful spell into it without hurting it, though, that's the thing. If I do Lightning, what if it burns the fucking book? I'll do Thunderwave on it, right?


Sorry. Old shit.


Let's bring him inside, at least.


Oh. Is there anything I can hide behind?


Just observing the entrance to see if there's anything written, any type of language on any of the entrances or otherwise.


That looks like the thing that we need.


Oh, you can't attack?


Yeah, we have a little clink, and turn and face the other one.


Time? It was just yesterday or two days ago at the most that you said you needed it.


There's got to be more here, right? This can't be it.


So then I actually called Tary and said, please fix these for me. He made very, very nice glasses. I think they have your name inscribed on them, they're really gaudy.


Oh. Okay. Thank God.


I have to take a negative 10 for that, like that really removes 10?


I just peek around the corner with my goggles on to see if I see anything.


Then, no? (all laugh)


You should check out his Twitter page because he has printed out Flat Mercer and he's chronicling his adventures, and I'm pretty proud of it.


Anybody have any objections to going to the right?


It's just that-- I've done a lot of shitty things and I've made a lot of shitty choices and a lot of mistakes, and after Molly, I told myself that I was going to try and not do that as much, but it's fucking hard.


I've pulled the ripcord on Blur if they're doing that.


It's a charisma save.


(wheezing) You could have told it gently!


(whispering) There is a very large black bear ahead of us, with bones coming out of its butt and stuff and it has just laid down for a nap.


Look at your shirt.


No, I know, it just seems to be happening faster than before. It's all fragrant and stuff.


This is where Frumpkin is, correct?


I mean, if I wanted to use Shapechange to actually turn myself into--


May this carry you into the playa well, my friend.


Yeah, jealous.


No, he's not scared of pain.


A bear!?


I'm really hard of hearing. Like, I've been working--


To the west.


(sings) Thorn Whip, the bitch is dead.


Will that be where she was when she disappeared?


Keg, no judgement or anything, but you sort of froze up in the little fight we had.


I love that name.


We got to free those dwarves, y'all.


I'm reaching for a door handle.


So, I have fairly serious announcement, I guess. Hopefully our cameraman Ryan already left for Star Wars. And sorry to like pull the rug out from under you guys, but this is officially my last Critical Role in person. I have been hired to be CEO of a new media company in collaboration with Harebrained Schemes, up in Seattle. And I start on January first. So, this is my last one, so I just wanted to tell you guys, thank you. Thank you to the community. This has been one of the most amazing years of my life. It's been really cool to see what we've accomplished as a community, as a group, being cool on the internet and not dicks has been really cool. As an audience, like you guys and all of us and the amount of money we've been able to raise for charity. I can promise you that the channel's fine, the shows are fine. Lucas will be taking over the commander-in-chief position, so Lucas!


Yeah, so he just took it.


It's that fucking shit that turned us.


If that is permissible, ja.


The DC is 20.


Maybe we should run.


I usually find that if everybody thinks that they're the ones that did something wrong, it's because nobody did everything wrong. You just had a string of luck. I think everybody did really good.


What about the dominated guy? He's about to save from it. Domination, he can save from it at any second.


I'll pull on that branch.


No, it's the horror theme.


A lariat of truth?


Uh-huh. Yoplait is a female deity? Or a male deity? Do you remember?


I counted 60 gold.


On my professor-torial mind.


He totally just took a thank you for not his baby being born!


Let's go plan our attack.


I am resistant to fire.


Look at the battle axe! Holy shit!


Salt water, not brackish but salt water?


Should we make the mansion, get Wilhand a room, and then go to our last destination of this night before we turn in?


It's a firbolg! He is a firbolg!


It's a hotel that lots of Tracys I think probably stay at.


I want to take a night walk.


And then with me, I'm going to Sacred Flame. For myself.


I'm surprised she didn't tell you. It's an adorable name.


He was puny.


I'm assuming the ten minutes for Expeditious is gone from studying the table?


Do we get a sense of where they're headed? Do we see any sign of--


What is this evil monstrosity?


Okay. Yeah.


When we go underground there tends to be water, so I tend to bring it.


They're going to know that something challenged his power and there are going to be consequences for it, they'll make a display of their strength.


I'm drunk. (laughs)


Natural 20! [all exclaiming]


Can you throw her?


No need!


Come on. We're going to bring you back, it's okay.


Most gracious of you.


Is it rolling at my feet?


Can you be invisible?


It's Gern Blanston.


We'll be friends. Listen, I will always love you, but I don't want this to be a barrier in our friendship anymore, so I'm taking it off the table. And besides, all I really want is to matter to someone, and I do now, and that's very new for me, and confusing, and exhilarating, and I've got to figure out how to do it and, well, I'll work on that, and you work on whatever you're working on, and I will say this before we leave. I'm a little older than you, so I can give you some advice.


Yeah, yeah!


I help shove.


I'll nestle in.


Staying center.


That's a good one. (laughter)


The Sun Tree? Pelor? Raven Queen?


I could be a water elemental, though.


We've still got to attack.


Whitestone. There are things within the earth of Whitestone that have certain power and certain energies, and they have been seeped into the plants and the stones and the animals themselves, and your job will be--


I don't know. It is not of any use to us, I don't think.


Ah! 25.


Can anybody else concentrate on it?


Can we find a place to maybe settle down?


That's an action, not a bonus.


Well, would you like a demonstration?


That's the only thing we can count on.


You saw this already?


It's a little more complicated than that, actually.


Yes, let's see, I will stay in the hallway.


Long game, motherfucker.


It's a small book.


Yes, they can.


Okay, you'll be right back.


Fucking molten lava!


-- to redheaded General Krieg?


Insight check. Nice, where are we? Ooh, wow. 26.


I think we need to talk to Vanessa, like he said.


Question, am I supposed to roll initiative for Frumpkin as well?


Oh yeah, Fjord and I found out that we're probably going to be facing some undead wispy things that might electrocute us.


Oh! Well goodness he's a trade ambassador to here. It's funny. We have a lot of warehouses. It's so funny.


Well, by mistake.


Yeah, a two.


I've been sudsing up your hair. You have to do it to dunk your hair.


I'll sleep near you, Kima.


You totally could have done that.


That's so good.


That's a four and also (counting) six-- I've got to change this dice, that is a ten total.


This could be bad.


Maybe you should roll.


They could have rolled it up and stuck it where the sun don't shine.


That's what a ziggurat is. It's like an Aztec bip-bip-bip.


By the way, DM, can I ask-- sometime in the entire day, when Nott was getting wasted, could I have spent an hour using Arcane Recovery to gain back that one spell slot I used this morning?


It was almost a 20, but it was a 25.


Well, there are dragons in this world.


In your tribe. Have you gone to other tribes?


Okay, do you just want a trim? Is there a certain look you want?


We're not taking any paintings.


So the poison's full, but the swipe is halved?


-- struggle we need to be up to par.


Do you need us out there?


We pick this up next week.


25 feet. (counting) Shit. Sorry, guys.


The first hit on every hit gets the third d6.


I get it.


I'll take two gold coins and put them in both of the eyes on one of the faces.


You could kick your dad out!


Grog said it would make me stay up.


Yes! Oh my god!


Well that's a bit of a complicated phrase for someone who barely knows how to say 'hi' and 'bye.' Woman who's not here.


They're all actually very, very strong and very tough. So--


Half that. Okay, so seven.


Oh. The glyphs, I saw them at the ziggurat. Keyleth, Pike, do you know anything about--


Oh yes, we traveled forever. It was constantly on the road. Once we left home, we stayed moving.


Yeah, two eights. Plus 14. Plus my bracers.


Wow, that's the coolest thing ever. We just have this lame old dodecahedron.


And there's still many things to figure out. We have to look after this Lord Sutan. But first, we should see to that afternoon meeting, about the coin. We should address that straight out.


Five hundred hours later we're fighting gods with him!


I didn't. But I asked him some other things.


It will come in handy with these--


Yes, Tiberius? Speak your mind.


Try it again.


You think we're big fish?


That's 24.


Let's go to the docks!


Yes, this has helped me immeasurably.


Okay! 13? Above average?


I'm dressed like this all the time.


Want another drink?


No. He's a bear in armor. No. Six.


By far the most put-together costume at this table.


Or a shortcut into the--


Out of idle curiosity, if I try to make a break for it they would get two attacks of opportunity against me, right?


Just tell me, am I one of the hosts?


We're in a very thin hallway right now.


Wait, is that the way in?


(gasps) My dad is from islands! At least he was. Did you know my dad might be The Gentleman?


It's just the two guards, right?


Not everything else?


Something they would wear that would identify.


What is that? 12.


Should we continue on, keep tracking?


40-foot cube, 120-foot range. Center it where it won't hurt anybody else except for them. Actually, I think I can pick who I affect. And that's what I do. Slow down. I think that will affect the rakshasa.


He's an ally.


It'll be very spacious. It'll be a nice big tunnel, it's not going to feel like you're buried alive.


My god I miss shopping! I'm going to give him three gold for his trouble. You're brilliant! And I'm heading in that direction.


It looks fine.


Pure gold?


I also grab those wooden stakes off the ground.


And you too, because you practiced it with him.


This is going to look ridiculous!


Is there something that helps those of us who don't breathe underwater breathe underwater?


Well, we do that--


And I hate to be the one to point it out, but I feel like you've been almost a little bit more brutal than you usually are here lately, which is almost impressive.


(garbled) I'm peeing. I'm peeing in the water right now.


It's so fucking long. It's got to be at-- there's like--


That's okay. 23?


I won't smack him. I'll try again to smack him.


Anyone else intelligent? What's that?


Yeah, I don't actually push her in but I just want to freak her out.


Just step outside on the outdoor bench.


Better to bet on the underbelly rising up than the top maintaining what it has.


I take off running towards the lair.


She was burning and smoking and falling.


That is just under average.


Scheisse is a word for it, but they talked about making it look like Sutan had broken into Prucine's home and rolled it. I don't know what effect that would have on her, so I think maybe we hatch some sort of conspiracy between the two of them to assassinate Orentha, so we will go to Sutan's house and we will leave--


Vax is still grappled?


Yes, look at you!


Yeah, yes, Percy's right.


A natural one. He's the most trustworthy guy I've ever met in my entire life.


Oh, we could use those. I'll walk over and I step on the elbow joint and snap it.


Yeah. Do I try to get her weapon or do I keep running? She's clutching it, still, you said?


Hold it upside down.


12 and--


But how? Was he watching us? Is he scrying on us?


I walk up to the four of them.


It's like that game we all played when we were growing up.


Acrobatics.


Well, maybe if I cast Locate Object we'll find out.


You're going to fly straight at his face?


I care for you, Caleb.


We have spoken to him. We will speak to him again today.


What are you drawing?


We'll be here.


Now, see, if you ask nicely, yeah, things will ha-- I walk back up to the door. (laughter)


So 20 to hit.


(counting) 32. That's 32.


And swim that direction as far as I can. Do I get a better location on it?


On Pike.


The ring.


And to lick her face.


Oh, good for us.


Wait. Is that like this, is it like me?


I think I need to stay here just a little bit longer. But I will meet you guys there at some point?


(hits)


The what? The prison?


I leave all of my worldly possessions to you, Grog.


There's no magic dice.


Well, because I sort of played a prank on this guy who was seeing my mom.


We have a cleric.


And then persuasion check?


Of course you can. This is why I say you shouldn't just hand it over. Just save it for the moment.


Whoa! Okay.


Earlier when, earlier tonight? Earlier a week ago? What do you mean?


It's pretty fancy.


When have you ever met a Chent?


I take off and run to him.


It's been so long since I've done this, I don't remember how this works. Okay. So it's three times the thing.


Just to one? Plus five. So, six, six damage.


I think he likes me!


I put Frumpkin back on her shoulder.


Every Monday, 7 00pm on Twitch is where it premieres. Then, of course, you can immediately catch it on VOD on Twitch if you've subscribed to us on Critical Role's Twitch. Critical Role's Twitch! I don't know; I'm pulling a Sam Riegel, I'm adding graphics that aren't here. There's a graphic, right? Then it releases on Wednesdays on Critical Role's YouTube channel at 10:00am, so if you do not catch it live or if you are not subscribed, you'll get it on Wednesday.


Damn it, Grog.


What if this is the Ashari?


I remember exactly, and Matthew will tell me because of my Keen Mind feat.


I didn't think so.


Sure, Papa. May I have my allowance now?


Let's just run! We're just going to go.


Ooh, flirting can take your mind off lots of things.


I'm going to attack Orthax. He's got people around him, yeah?


I will take that advice and join you.


I'm going to look around a bit more, anyway.


It's a 15, but I have resistance, so--


Oh, that's what rouges can do, they can use their bonus action to dash?


I stand next to my father and join the rest of the druids.


They could be dead in there.


Excellent. I'm then going to take the rope, holding on, and I'm basically going to do a swing so that I'm out of range for any of his attacks until my next attack.


It was 15 gold.


You guys wanna tell them about, just to get them psyched up for it? 'Cause we can get that command going.


I give Grog a big hug and say,


No, leave them alone.


Are there any other people that are alive that you know of?


Is there the hellish equivalent of a bar here?


I would be honored.


That would be wonderful. Make sure you mention how terrible the Briarwoods were and how Vox Machina saved the day. Truly saved it--


Let me see. My bonus actions. Ugh, I don't want to use that in case. Okay, that's it.


I do, I know all of it, so you can just tell me if you want to.


Strength? Is that strength?


Vegepygmy.


Oh, Trinket, give him a massage. He's really good at it!


With my magical... dalliances.


Dammit!


No deals. No contracts.


Everything you've read about romance, well, that's horseshit.


Matt Colville, this is on you.


I begin the process of casting Identify on the sword. Oh, and the mantle. What about the mantle? Was that in the pile?


Aren't you unconscious?


Okay. Is it dark in here?


Thanks Warmcustard! (laughter)


I would have to agree.


You think anyone would have wanted him marked or harmed in some way?


Thank you. That's all I get. That's all I do.


Let's go talk to Kima.


They have to grow food, they haven't really recovered that yet. There's also a--


Are we ready to go?


Understood, understood.


Nah. He's all right.


That was stirring.


Now you all have fight songs too, don't you?


We found him.


Great, great. It's just to see who goes first. Ready?


Oh my god. 21.


Okay. Looking around, still having plenty of air in my lungs, I turn around and see Jester starting to panic and I know that she has the key, so I will reach out and grab her face and bring her into a kiss, and I will blow all of my air into her lungs.


I want to keep it so maybe we can sell the Moon-Touched Sword. Could we have put it in the--


The Suncut Bazaar.


I can use my beast sense; that is one more thing I can still do. I could theoretically-- We could use Trinket.


It doesn't actually say where rakshasas would fall in the caste, does it?


(gasps) What if the hole disappears while Nott is still in it?


Nine, 15--


Oh and very important  none of us can damage these two giants. Anything else can, we're fine, but should any of us damage it, the spell is poof.


I'm strong of heart.


That's what I'm saying, is the sewer first because you are all going to be dirty like me.


Well, it's in the farming district in the city.


I know, she did!


Yes, definitely.


How tall is the--?


Or has dominion over you.


The best crystal meth! The finest crystal meth in Christendom.


Six, you need six?


Have to avoid that old magic.


Me neither. Actually, is Uvenda still around? She's still there, are we still in front of her?


I'm going to do a parkour off of the rock and come down and try and get it right in its mouth to try and get it to spit out Nott. So the first attack. That's good. That's a 21.


Impressive, but not as impressive as the giant log.


Sure, it's really interesting architecture.


If you think your uncle's closer than eight hours away--


That's why I'm practicing.


Hold on a sec. I can still cast as an animal, right?


It's a 15-minute walk, though.


Okay. Maybe we can wait until we get back to Emon and have Gilmore do it.


You do, you have dreams!


I honestly think they might have trapped it.


There's not many things, no. Can I go up to one of the fruit merchants?


Places. That information is not relevant right now.


Seven points of damage. Ah, ah, ah!


I take out one of the poppers, and I throw it! On the ground, what happens?


You gave me a thousand gold.


About seven feet away, out of habit, Caleb just went: (counting).


Fuck. Yeah, I'm going to fly down and do a healing touch on Scanlan.


That is some Planet of the Apes.


I'm going to use my bonus action to dash, and hasted I get 24 squares of movement on this board.


Give me your hands.


Fenthras is inside of the tree that is terrible.


Something's happening. I don't know what, but something's happening. And you did good.


Is she dangerous?


Question. Is your herd and Kevdak the type where, if you start getting the upper hand in this fight, will the herd move to protect Kevdak?


Does that lead to our keep?


Druvenlode.


Which way is the shadow of the horse?


There you go. Thank you! Bye-bye, nice to meet you!


Well, there is another option. Which is that we have a giant pile of histories and library and novels in our collected library, and we are searching for information about the thing underneath the castle, and we need readers. We need lots and lots of people to read lots and lots of books.


Have we given them a raise?


Are we within eyeshot of that thing right now?


On the same road? We're not even going to go around?


Anarchists? Let's just make a pact if either one of us do anything stupid that maybe we're each other's failsafes.


Yes, all right, slam down right by that one's head, straight down to the ground, take a split-second to look up at the watery druid, shake my fucking head, stab, stab right into its face. Yeah. Okay, so the first one is a 33.


You do... have a point.


No, I'm just talking in my accent to you.


Could I speak into the jug-- clearly.


As she says that, I'm going to go ahead and start casting my Call Lightning spell.


Do we have anything? Fresh produce we're a little thin on because we're just on the road, but we do have--


I was going to try to make a little diversion to draw them away from the door.


Wait, no! I get advantage on perception, because I'm in my favored terrain.


Fucking fail.


Who ended up grabbing the goggles? Did I grab the goggles? I got them off the priest!


I am going to cast Create or Destroy Water and try and dehydrate as much of the tree and see if that-- While I make my way to some higher ground.


Can we go to the bathroom before we do that?


No, there's one running.


Long, twisted road, but look where we are. Look where you are.


Lookit! Look at what it says.


And they're both spraying everywhere.


And I'm going to throw. Shit. No, cancel that. I'd like to run up its tail.


Good apple juice.


Trinket! You look so cute.


I remember the way. This way.


There was a twirl, and it went back.


Yeah, I feel like if Pike really needed to get a hold of us, she could.


Defenestrated!


I could always do that a little bit, as a kid. I was always good with magic. I had a knack for it. That one's easy.


Oh, really? The good ones or the bad ones?


If we could just see a gift shop, I would be thrilled.


I'll go along with Fjord.


Actually, you don't.


One of you two. Is this technically favored terrain for you?


Scanlan, we're going to make a leap of faith that Pike can stay.


I mean, wait, you guys didn't have any dreams of a similar nature, did you?


My plan is to not run away, because we're going to die fighting or we're going to save the world, right? So I definitely won't be running away. Definitely.


I guess I'll let this-- okay. I let it go, too, and float very ungracefully behind him.


It's my sister, you never met her.


I have to touch him, right?


And where do we stay?


The lights?


That's really sad.


So, wait a minute, so he's like a bad guy?


The Hexblade's Curse is on any damage, it's not melee.


Why don't we create a distraction and get rid of them?


Oh, all right. Just around me, or around an area?


Classy, yeah.


We can accommodate that.


So isn't that an automatic crit as an Assassin?


Hood up.


Yeah let's just be real about that. That's Hulk.


And the second attack was 28.


Then I will shootsky. Yeah, so that's 20 something.


I can also teleport us once today, if we decide to go anywhere.


Never mind, then I'm just going to hit it real hard.


Follow our orders. Help us fight K'Varn. Vex, how do you say, "Follow our orders," in Underdark?


Like one more hit and I'm unconscious.


Yes, Sentinel shit!


Can I toss it into the well?


Yeah, so I'm done.


There's cloaked men everywhere


I'm going to back up towards this alcove a little bit, right behind me. Yep. I'm going to use my bonus action to take Patient Defense.


Please don't roll a one. Okay, so I'm going to do a little tinkering to see if I can get this fixed.


We had the loveliest time, it was a great day; please check it out.


Should we go find out what's going on over there?


I'm going to see Horris.


That's nine.


Yeah. A portion of our proceeds, or whatever our donations are, go to 826LA. They are an after-school tutoring program that help children between the ages of 5 and 18, mainly with literacy and creative writing and they have this awesome program where it's a young authors thing. You can buy all their books and their stories, and you should totally check them out.


From up there?


Pieces of his ribs showing through?


Vox Merkernerkerk.


No, I'm sure I did, marked it down, so.


There are no traps here.


God damn it. 14.


That she's the chosen? Yeah.


You know, I am interested in everything from the second level and below. Do you have a menu?


Do not attack them!


I'm going try to break the grapple first, 'cause then I can--


I turn into an eagle and I fly to the roof.


There's bad guys everywhere, we're in hell!


So, five extra to that is 11. Right? No?


(laughs) The amount of personality she wields, is what you just did!


So his aim's pretty good.


I might. I hope I do. I hope that I can give you the answers you seek.


Oh, that's even crazier.


Oh no, they rolled really well.


What about-- oh, sorry.


Marvel Puzzle Quest has epic news, guys! They're celebrating four years strong, starting today! Today, it's literally the only thing on my mind. When I heard that Rogue and the other X-Men are kicking off the celebration, I was like, "Vecna who?!" Forget that an immortal psychopath will probably wipe out three years of hard work on this show! Give me Marvel Puzzle Quest! Today, October 5th, is a big day. Not because we're facing the ultimate harbinger of doom who will surely cut short our lives and story, no, but because, in 11 days, on October 16th-- until then-- Marvel Puzzle Quest gives you free gifts! Double XP rewards, including the all-new X-men versus Apocalypse event, which is the only event I'm thinking of, and the only event that kept me awake last night in a cold sweat until 4:00am. A cold sweat of excitement for Marvel Puzzle Quest! Did I mention that you can recruit Gambit for the first time? I'm not crying inside anymore! Did I also mention Nightcrawler is coming later this month? Nightcrawler, who can teleport around and isn't frozen with fear, contemplating his inevitable demise two hours from now, at the hands of a one-eyed master of hell who will destroy everything and everyone we've loved! So download Marvel Puzzle Quest now for free on Apple and Android devices because I'm so happy!


He's pretty low.


Yeah, that's okay.


DC 23!


Yeah. Where you flew over, yeah.


You have to be careful. There's lots of creatures around that could hurt you, you know.


I would say let's text her, but she's in another country, so she probably wouldn't get it.


Well, my thought was if we split up a little bit, you guys focus on hiring a crew, someone else focus on spreading some words.


Pooping!


Ashley, we're going to have to tell you so much.


It'll be great.


I think the brain was a scout or some sort of pet.


Concert.


Tary.


Okay, great. So I'm going to start stabbing him in the back, angrily.


I can scry.


With Brian Foster!


Meanwhile--


I go take a look at this skeleton. I would like to try to ascertain how long this fucker has been here.


We can still hit him with the ranged?


I can go?


Yeah! We've got to make him remember.


64 pounds of scales.


Natural ten.


We're like a quarter of a mile out to sea.


I feel like if you can break his concentration.


Oh. So yeah, we can't do Critmas next week.


Wait, what? They picked the harder one for us? Thanks, guys.


Maljikaori? Maljikairi?


And I will take out my Wand of Magic Missiles and fire many of them. I think if I use six charges, that's eight darts.


What do they do? Do they just scream a lot?


Yeah, he knows.


When you want to try and seem fancy, but it's a little ostentatious.


Clothes?


I was gonna dodge and be all awesome, and say ole or some shit, but I was just out.


This is a fair point.


That's back in Westruun.


Right. One, three.


You got some bonus shit to do?


I'm still asleep, guys.


It's that damn bird.


But that doubled?


You know what, I will think on it, and I will give you an answer after some dragons are killed and-- let me think on it, Scanlan. Let me think on it.


To get all the things out, and I saw this wonderful lamb in this field one time--


Yeah, my air elemental is there.


Should Lyra?


No way! I'm not going to stop. Fuck you all. Every game until the end, motherfuckers!


That was almost forensic.


Lovely. Yeah, I'm going to use Eldritch Blast. Shoot across the arena, 120 feet. Try and hit him.


But it knows you're there! Maybe it doesn't know I'm there! Plus I get a sneak attack on it, because you're right next to it.


That's so great.


But a 16 does not.


We could theoretically forge more of these, right? Or do you think they're blessed?


Then I'm someone on the outside and not in prison as maybe a first responder.


Is that one of the were-thingies? Damn!


Maybe that's how we interrogate him?


Wait, cheating? What are you talking about?


In the direction that I'm pointing. Tunnel that way.


Tooma.


Well, that was great. 24.


What do you want, a cookie? Get down the fucking well, let's go.


Yeah, it's a 12.


Yeah, I'm going to swim.


Aw, I can't really read it.


I use my action to go fetal.


Jesus, you have so many things.


Is it that bad?


He's spent people, he's spent.


Instead of getting distracted by her, I just listen to her and look at her out of my periphery.


There's also some very dark deities here. Asmodeus.


Okay, then it can max out at 20.


Vex'ahlia. We have so--


Do I feel a heartbeat?


Does it not work underwater?


In the heat of the moment, it might come quite in handy.


Sure, Fjord.


Sliming them!


Could actually give you a nail clipper. You could clip your own nails.


That same guy?


All right, let's teleport inside that dragon. Come on.


Oh, I loved Crawline, she was so nice.


Yeah? Have you been working out?


Okay. He's still alive.


If we take out the pixies, what is the future of your tribe?


I can definitely use my ranger skills.


She's not here.


Is it just the four of them? No more?


I want to hear more!


With your face?


Please, do tell.


Insight check. Has he been turned? Is he different, is he weird?


We've lost Ashley.


Wait. You're going to wait until she disarms the--


Make a wall!


He can't move? Can I go up and try to take his weapon?


Okay, but I could've perused some of the aisles and it's a long-- okay!


Eat lightsaber, jerk. There.


Yeah, I know you said that, but he also attacked him already.


Oh my god! It's a 31.


(sings) Disco Inferno.


And Vex.


Well, you know, we have an ongoing relationship with Wyrmwood Gaming, which you can find on the internet. They make beautiful boxes for holding dice and stuff, and if you use the code "critrole," "critrole," you will get free shipping. They have all different kinds of woods, they're lovely. And then also, hey, this is an impromptu announcement, but Kurtis Wiebe just announced on the Twitters, Kurtis Wiebe is the writer for the comic book Rat Queens.


You don't have a sword, do you?


In? Or under?


How many times did you mess with it? Like six.


Yeah, I know, I got that written down, thank you. 16.


So we killed K'Varn, right?


It brought it down. Did anyone of significance die in the process?


I think Grog's getting antsy.


You did give me some dice.


Is it like our little mini Yasha bust?


But I don't want to introduce them to Vasselheim, no.


I think I should get there with 12, no?


This was such a good day.


Well, I mean, I'll find it.


So if we rest--


This is a small town, Beau. Everyone talks to everyone. You taught us that.


Plus 12? Another seven! So 14!


He spoke with a different accent for a split second.


Do you know-- sorry. You can go.


And I wanna thank the chatroom for being on their best behavior tonight.


I don't think that's true--


I could make an exploding arrow. I've made one, I can make another.


(groaning) Oh, it's very quite nice.


I don't know; we'll see.


(groans) Okay. 16?


And that spot that we saw, just outside of town, that's where gold is given to the dragon? Do you know anything of that?


Wait, one, two, three? Never seen the water?


She was stealing.


That was already bad.


I swoop him down. Do you want to be on the ground or just above it?


Price is right.


No! It'll make a big puff of smoke. No one will be able to see.


I'm just throwing this out there. If that was a ploy to get a higher salary, I'm not biting.


I have a book about that. (laughter)


Champion of Ioun?


I cover him up, he's fine.


Okay, I'm going to take a step towards-- who's buggering Scanlan over there?


Yeah we should go. He's cool.


So I'm going to burn my Action Surge and I'm going to take the Alter Self. That coin you gave me is--


Natural 20. 26.


All right, you tell me. I don't know how bright or dark it is in here.


I am, but everyone else isn't.


(whispering) Krakatoa.


Okay. Let's start. After this game.


I've always worried about the two of you.


It's a warning shot!


Zsundie has a necklace on and he's like--


It's kind of spectacular. I keep rolling 20s! I keep rolling 20s!


To whom?


Spell save, right?


I take out a bit of fleece, and repeating the words and doing the hand gestures that I've been taught and tracing the image of a creature on the fleece, I will make a Silent Image of the guard who told us 30 gold a gnoll. I'm going to have the image of that guard dash across, slowly, dash across this alleyway. Like that way.


While you're setting the stage, I'll message back up to them.


We should call this a rim job.


Can we make it seem like Algar was the one who did all this?


I'll just hold for now. I'll just hold.


That’s not bad, that’s still not bad.


All the dice!


Five hundred thousand gold right there.


I've got almost nothing. So I'll just - can I summon an Unseen Servant to push him? (all laugh)


Come on, you are a badass. You can do it.


We got strength.


All of us, yeah.


Yes, have you seen him, is he all right?


Did I get any messages?


He's going to die.


The bag of colding.


Plus two, it's five.


Reggie. Reginald, sorry.


I drop something down into-- a rock that I find-- and drop it down into the hole. (long pause)


(sighs) It's not looking like it.


Can't you do healing or anything?


Wait here.


Hang on, no one's around, right?


I wanna take it.


Did you really?!


I do, in theory, if I'm from--


If you can bear it.


No it's not War Caster. It's something else.


I have a question. Should we ask the Sword of Kas, since it's fought Vecna before, does it know of any weaknesses?


You're very welcome. I can get some more. Can I just go to the kitchen and grab some-- no?


You said we had Pass Without a Trace?


Wow, really?


We head to Turst Fields.


Every month?


Not too far.


(sighs) My fault, really. Well, we are very good at being spied on.


