Oh my god! I did!


Yes, you.


Could I have given the climbing gear to Trinket?


No, I'm just going to float around like I usually do.


We call it the--


Oh my god this is so stupid.


We've got your back, darling.


What time is it? 12 41! Oh my god!


Anything undead, anything...?


I want to get the new sword, push, let it bend, and pop into it.


It doesn't go away, right?


Do they feel that?


I lived here my whole life.


You want me to send you?


Scanlan, come on. We need to talk to him.


Sponsor?


That’s "Roxanne." (all laugh)


The guy on the table attacking me.


We did drain Laura’s coffers, though.


I added wrong. Wait, wait! Stop everything.


I don't. Pike, I don't have anything to say in my defense. I was wrong, about the whole thing. I was not a good friend, and I was not a good teammate. And I'll have to live with that. But I can tell you this. I like who I am now, and I didn't then. So maybe, someday, we'll meet, and you'll get to know the new guy, but if it's not meant to happen right now, that's okay, and I understand. And I will go back to what I was doing before.


Especially because we have nothing else to do, and--


Can it follow you about?


Haha, good show!


Sorry. What? I don't understand.


"Toordolbo."


As Liam O'Brien said, it's improv, so that makes it true!


Gail!


He's right here behind Avantika.


Oh, ow!


You're all right.


Try not to do it-- well--


What if Keyleth, who can do it, polymorphed into a fly or a very small creature, traveled on you, you snuck in, she popped out, did the thing. Money.


Bottom left. Getting out a hanky and (blows).


Did they leave any feathers behind?


Like, oh, like she-- little ceramic dragons, she likes collecting them?


Oh yeah, we know Gilmore!


A fiend? Also -


Cantrip, there we go. Thank you. I'm going to scoot past you with half of my action, if that's okay, and take a look outside to see what's up. How far away--


Oh, not the president Barack Obama, some other guy.


That's a 12 for the first one?


Do you think it would be better to leave this here, so he can contain it?


No, I'm not.


That's 16 points of damage, two points of psychic damage, and two points of lightning damage.


I just choked on a peanut.


When you find them, let us know.


Who is this Batman character?


Nom nom nom.


Long time, yeah? And I have a lot of love for you. You are an amazing man.


About seven feet tall.


Why didn't you say anything?


Never can forget.


Or that, okay.


You piece of shit!


I'm setting up a gun mount on the boat, just in case.


Outside of ourselves.


Yeah, but they'll gather in the spot to get to it.


He gave this to me as if I would use it today. I was like, you know what, that's the last thing I'm going to do.


I am too embarrassed to look her in the eye, and stare for a moment, but then finally, still not looking at her because she's fucking freaking me out, pull her into a hug and say, I love you, Stubby. I'm never going to leave your side, I'm always going to be there. You can always be a pain in the ass like you are. I love you. Always have, always will. Thank you.


I'm staying outside of the walls in a small encampment, but I can meet him sometime tonight inside the walls.


Yeah, we did. We saw him.


Well, you were upstairs, so only if you're screamers.


This is not quite as-- seven.


Yes, snorting.


Thanks for having me, guys!


Sure. Okay. Well, I guess that's my action and I guess as a bonus action I can't really do anything. (laughs) I can't inspire anyone because I don't think I can hear-- oh! I'm going to use the earring. Shit. Fuck. I'm going to just start screaming and say: can you hear me, Vax?


He gets a little picky when he hasn't had a book in a while. So we just need to find him a book and he'll be okay for a bit.


To Camilla!


Just going off what you said earlier. I don't want to change your behavior just because you're with us all of a sudden.


It's 100 dollars.


20. Where's that music, Matt?


Whoa! You can just do that?


Okay, but I really want to go up to them.


What do you propose we do?


We had a bit of a run-in--


Thank you! I've never had a friend before! This is so great!


(under his breath) She's the leader?


Maybe we can-- can we walk up and see--


We're leaving the skull?


My little glowing gem.


We get lots of visitors all the time.


So you need one more, right? At level three?


And I'm on the carpet, so I can head that direction.


What the fuck is this stupid-ass hammer?


Good, go to the 250 hit point guy. Good call.


What? I'm just, it's a logical question, see, she's got something to do in Vasselheim, we have to wait, what does she have to do? I don't feel like I'm talking out of turn.


Don't make me do this again.


Are we missing something? I don't know. Is it finished?


Keep running!


When a fiend or undead hits an affected creature with a melee attack, the Aura flashes a brilliant light. The attacker must succeed on a constitution saving throw or be blinded until the spell ends.


I love watching him look at the phone.


(laughs) Yeah. I'm not smart, this is all I do. 23?


I'm still trying to figure out his sexuality.


No, just one big swig.


We'll stealth, and if it starts to feel icky, then I'll do it.


I think I messed up and I wrote down where she is, but I don't know where--


Didn't need that one. It's real!


Oh my gosh, he is so handsome.


I think it's 20.


No, we don't turn her on yet. (laughter)


Sorry. 23.


The maps-- the stuff behind her, charting out where she was going, anything in there?


Yay, you hurt it.


It's really lovely. I don't know, maybe it gets sun.


It doesn't need to be here.


Yeah, I know that. What did I use? I used 40 feet of movement?


Caleb is turning the diamond over and over in his hand like a fidget spinner, watching all of this.


What about you, Grog?


Is the wagon doing okay in the--


You're so cool, how do you fucking eat gravel so hard? Oh, man.


Well, to be fair, Greg killed the people.


I thought that was a metaphor.


Yeah, that's what I want to do, and then, I don't know. That's not my full double-movement, I don't know how that affects the number of attacks I have Hasted, but I just want to stab it as many times as I can, standing on top of this thing.


Okay, first one was better. Ten, plus-- what is this?


Into a tiny tiny?


He's deaf from that howl, he's definitely deaf.


Do you spend time in the-- no, you have been alone--


Curse you!


We are under contract, technically.


How far away am I right now?


So is there something we can do going forward--


No, it's not!


I will ride Trinket.


Can you not get within close range of him again?


Good! Yeah.


I need your help. Mollymauk, will you come here, please?


Could an animal jump over it?


I look over at Caleb. Caleb, have you any desire to intimidate some folks?


We got six more people, Travis. Come on. Fresh off the plane from New York City: Ashley Johnson! (cheering)


No, he kissed me.


I get out a rag and I start wiping everything off. (laughs) You're alive, though.


- and I hope you have been, too.


Back in the chamber, Detect Magic is still up. Does Caleb see anything with an arcane glow in this room other than what Fjord picked up?


No doors.


Decades? Holy shit.


Flames! Flames, less of a thing.


Other than the fact that it smells really bad?


Crafting goggles. Would it be helpful to craft something that would allow us to speak? Or--


Okay. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians. Can I walk over to where Nott is? I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians and anything that enters that space has to make a wisdom saving throw or take 3d8 radiant damage.


I have burned through everything that's nice like that. Okay, never mind. I'm going to get up and I'm going--


Look at this guy. Does he look like he's fucking around?


(muffled) Please inspire. Do it. Do it, you bloody gnome!


We're going to make that right? We're going to make that now.


No, no, hey look. I'm good for a distraction.


No, not Laura but you  Jester. How are you feeling?


Is it possible to go higher to get above the Wind Wall?


I shot it with the thing.


I've got a vague number. 11.


I'm next to Vex.


Verks Merkernerk.


What about this? This is a terrible idea. Could one of us goad him into following us out of his abode or some building, somewhere, and you plop the mansion door outside the actual door? So he goes to try to leave the tavern or whatever the fuck, he goes into our house?


(singing) That's fuckin' teamwork.


Well, he can give it to me. I've got 50 things I can do a turn. It was what kind of potion?


Dex save, right?


It is decided.


What if we were already in one of the temples that we're looking for? You said there were three, right?


All right, well, here's the problem. I need to figure out what all of this is made out of. I can't work with it if it's just ice. It has to be natural stone. So cover for me? I'm going to drop down and start meditating.


Shaded hallway?


Wind Walk. Poofy Cloud. So as I run past Grog, I brush his shoulder, and he turns into a mist form, and I turn into a mist form, and then I blast it out, and everyone's mist form!


I can think of uses for that. I'm not here, goddamn it.


25 to 20.


He's mad.


That's my roll.


Undercommon, anyone?


Okay. Thank you. Can we do that?


Should I make us lizard people?


One gold?


Well, I have.


The Mage Hand'll drop the cover back in front of that.


Groucho Marx nose and glasses. (all laugh)


Did you ever get a response from Sam on his potions? So, I didn't want to tell.


I was gonna ask you to drop me at the other crow's nest on the other ship.


That's not to Matt, that's to the little brains.


Yeah, no. We need to do that.


Yeah cool, I'm just hanging.


Oh, we'll cover the drink, darling. Party funds cover the drink. It's just in your name.


I turned into a half-elf as well. I was very attractive.


It's got to be around here somewhere, right?


How long-- Can I see what's going on?


Yes, can I help you, good sir? Yes, I can help you.


Good thing he's already frenzied.


Yeah, a third of my druid level which is nine right now. But for the most part I can change into almost anything as long as it's under a challenge rating of three.


"Come on, man!"


Well, it's either that or back out.


I got up--


We're getting audio set up right now.


I will see you either later tonight, if this goes very - Actually, give me the broom. Just give me the broom.


I'm afraid my list is not that long, unfortunately.


Heavy food.


Well, because she's a bitch. We got to get her out of here. She's, you know, wants my job.


Did she get-- oh, nevermind.


That's not how that works.


Have you guys seen The Explorers?


Right, 22, yes, 22. No, 24. I'm confused. Okay.


C'mon then.


That is the red flag. Not the arcane rug that was destroyed and removed, covering his precious things. Not Jester disguising herself as the High-Richter.


If Bouldergut is in the Bloated Cup, that's where Yasha is.


The carpet--


Wow, way back.


Everyone has to pull their weight, man.


What about the prisoner? Is he still on board?


Yeah, but they could make the problem worse.


I am dropping a total, if we're all amenable, 960 gold on various things, and I think that is a pretty good pile. Maybe you could knock a couple hundred off of the price of those bracers.


Fjord's going to cast Armor of Agathys on himself.


A ten?


(scream and cheer)


I guess I'm making tunnels.


What did we find? (laughter)


I just want to make a point that I've alerted everybody in the government-- everybody reasonable-- where we're going, why we're going, and that there should be people watching the Ziggurat underneath Whitestone 24/7 while we're on this mission. Anything happens, be prepared for anything.


You guys don't know how to pick a fight? You honestly can't brainstorm one way to pick a fight?


No. 18.


Not on a regular basis?


We're outdoors.


Yeah, okay. There's all the healing I just did. It's all gone.


(similar accent) Welcome to IKEA.


You! That was clever. I will definitely get you back.


Are the walls still like people?


Fucking fuck it.


All right, sure, let's do that. That's no good, either.


Total? Or 12 and 15 both?


Well, it's zero, but it says a big plus four next to it for some reason.


Good day to you, sir. Do you know my father?


I'm not unconscious. Technically speaking, that's three.


Nice job.


For flavor, my second attack isn't really an attack. I'm in so much pain I go (yell) and I kick a little bit.


I don't want to walk in there with a bear!


Rogue proficiency bump.


Goodnight, Beauregard.


So the Spiritual Weapon?


Great. I peek over the little thing, and I go, "Ooh!" and I throw a fireball from my ring.


Or could we also talk about trade possibly if you have some interesting stuff.


So we're going to try to fly up?


Give me the skull, you don't want Percy to have it.


Made no sense to me.


Oh, I bamf Trinket back in my necklace so that we have enough.


Yeah, the rest's just fake it 'til you make it, yeah?


Did I see any stairs?


Best name ever!


Lots of illithid. A whole city of illithid.


I have fair chances of getting in, but no ability to cure him of any such thing.


(muffled) I'm in acid in here.


Unless my bat stats are-- bad.


I do! Do I?


Nope, I'm still out back.


(as pigeon) We need it more! High-Richter! (laughter)


We're going-- we're not going to be able to empty the city.


I look over his shoulder.


It's-- Oh!


It's just a door; we'll be fine.


Please sponsor our show. Please sponsor.


They did not think the farmer killed Horace.


To hit?


My favorite kill is actually--


I'm like, oh! (grunts) and I bite down on my tongue and blood just starts to pour out of the corner of my mouth.


You're running! Come on!


It still hits?!


Onto you?


No. Don't.


Get your hands dirty.


Yeah. You don't wanna drop the iPhone in the toilet.


It was right after we got to Emon.


Two rolls here, unused.


You're super salty today.


So I'm gonna take this guy on for right now.


I want-uh, I want-uh, I want-uh, I want to go fuck them up!


All right. That's a d10 and d6. That's 11 points of damage and three points of psychic damage.


You're the team leader.


Be strong, Percy!


We should take it for ourselves. Just to keep it safe.


I slow down just a little bit and give her time.


Can I see through the box? Oh, it's a listening perception.


Let's fly above it and I'll take a few shots and we'll just start dropping things down.


All right...


21-- aw. 15.


Yeah! Or, or launching a Fireball in the middle of a wood house?


I just failed my first death save.


They'll let you delineate between Harvey and Irma, too, in case you want to pick one over the other. Harvey had a lot of support from J.J. Watt's $30+ million dollars. Irma, the damage is still accruing.


Our partner this week is once again D&D Beyond, that's dndbeyond.com. The big news is that D&D's newest book, Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes, is available for pre-order now on the site. If you preorder, you'll get exclusive character portrait frames, sheet backdrops, and themed colors that you can use with upcoming character sheet updates! I don't know what that means but it sounds awesome. The $10 off code "beginnings" can be applied to your preorder. To celebrate, I'm going to personally be giving away one copy of this book to either Travis, Liam, or Marisha, but they have to compete for it. Here's the rules: I'm going to give you a race, class, and character description, just like you can do on D&D Beyond, and all you guys have to do is come up with the name of that character. Laura, Taliesin, and Matt will be the judges. Best out of three wins, all right? You just have to come up with a name for this character, ready? A male stout halfling swamp druid who only wears a diaper made out of kelp and loves to Wild Shape into manatees. Liam, what is the name of that character?


Can you swallow it?


Well, they know their problem's been handled because we sent all their people back to them.


Because now you have a fancy coat!


I'm watching through the book.


Hey, Fjord.


Well, we've heard very wonderful things about your abilities and not many people can do such a feat.


Oh, that's happening tonight? Oh wow, this stuff moves fast, yeah


Oh, it's 1d8.


What if the closer you get to it, the weirder you get? What if you start feeling those urges, like she has and stuff.


I feel like Tary, you should make a door on the other side and then we go inside.


Box Cockina.


He's asking where. We should tell him.


Hopefully, he won't just loose something on the Ravenites here.


(drunken singing)


Does he see me?


Does anybody have any light?


16, 29, that's very high. 31.


When we take a rest, do we get our spells back for the day?


I like it, I like it.


Go home, bats! (laughter)


Okay, I inch up to the closed door on the left and place my ear to the door and listen.


And this is Forced Vision?


Thank you. God, what is this?


That's about right.


I want to see what they're building down there. And I worry that it would be dangerous.


Fine, so I go, Glacial Blast! With my finger. (hiss)


I assume.


I know, I'm like, "Which ones?"


Multiple bags.


Bob and weave. I can bob and weave.


It's up to the deck.


Hit 'em with the feather end?


Unfortunately, Allura, all of that is the reason for our current impasse. We seem to have discovered something that could potentially reverse the situation. But there's a great price to pay. It could be a small price to pay, we don't know. If you wouldn't mind taking a look at this relic that we discovered.


Yes, I will use yet another 3rd-level Invisibility spell to make us both invisible.


We go around. Stealthily.


I suggest, leave it for him.


Can you fly?


Spaces. Okay. All right. Thank you.


This is the gate we need to hide in?


Follow behind him and land.


Still not cracking a hundred.


You have one. He has one. She has one.


It's pretty smooth. (laughter)


Every time, every time.


Anything else before we're done here?


Do I get a bonus action?


He has a cat.


Hot and cold.


Are you aroused?


Further along the wall, that little rock-- yeah. And just a little bit past it. And then closer to you.


I go in the mansion as fast as I can.


Everything is reckless at this point.


That's at eye level.


Yeah, we've been there before. Yeah, let's go.


It's not like I want to do it.


Yes, I will bonus action dash to make it 30 feet.


Oh, that's good, you still have advantage.


If she stays within 15 feet of me then she's-- anyone within 15 feet of me is protected by my unicorn dragons.


Should I? No I'll just cast that at regular. I cast Cure Wounds on you.


You seem used to selling your soul, Percy.


I think we should get out of town while the getting's good.


Keg holds up a ten.


What spell's that?


No. Oh, but we could.


They'd essentially be grappled.


Oh, weird. Oh no.


It's her biggest modifier.


Is it an actual group?


You know, second has its advantages sometimes.


I don't know! I check for more traps. Two for investigation.


That is unique.


There's a door to my left and a door straight ahead, right?


I swing away.


(gurgling) Okay. Pretty good.


Long.


We heard you.


Don't be nervous!


You know what? She's sort of our leader.


I have the chunks of platinum. I hand the chunks of platinum over to Percy to put the-- I guess they don't have to be in--


I'm tossing it into my room. I'm using an action surge. Actually, can I even do that? Yes, I'm going to use my action surge, and I'm going to walk over to the wraith on the ground, put the barrel of Bad News up to it, and pull the trigger.


Yeah, I'll follow as far back as I can.


Okay. 22.


I also spend a lot of time that night reading, but I'm reading the book about the Raven Queen.


Yeah. Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah. Archdevil or no. Hard to say.


I'll get that big ol' fork.


Nila? She's the one going after them?


Hey, fucking chrome dome.


How can he be, how can he be dead?


Doctor whom. That's always bothered me. Doctor whom.


Only if the writers' room dropped the ball.


Ja. Do you see anything that could hurt us by touching this? Do you make anything of this?


The other neat thing about Loot Crate boxes is you can turn them inside out and they become something. This one's an arcade machine.


Hasted action.


Does he move?


Did you own the previous bar that this one's built on top of?


You are rolling dogshit tonight.


28 hit points.


Okay. Does that count as an action or a movement?


You and I may have had some friction recently, and we have our differences, but we're on the same side. Percy needs you downstairs. Will you come with me?


Yeah. Well, they're calling in the big leaguers now, so we'll take it from here. Your way up and down those stairs you mentioned, you get tripped up along the way, or was it just easy sailing?


How about 50/50 it? One fake, one real. One of us, one of the cards.


Yeah, how much time does she have?


(shouts) Gun, please!


A Milli Vanilli album, and...


Yeah, I think right there.


17 plus 12 probably hits? 17 plus 12?


That will keep Caleb alive.


Yeah, she looked like Caduceus.


My favorite kill wasn't even an enemy, it was when Scanlan summoned that pony, when we were facing those five wizards. (all laugh)


And you're within 30 feet, right?


Maybe two strings.


18.


He's got two pieces of toilet paper with charcoal on it.


Okay. Who's not undead right now? You? I've already inspired you once. Sure, I'll inspire you again. I've got nothing. This time, I'll just go, (harmonica noises).


I'm gonna Hunter's Mark Sondur, damn it.


Hang on, though. Caverns. Undead caverns of dwarves inside the titan.


Oh! So the duergar--


I'm trying to see where the people went.


Are we sure it's the same one?


A flock of hawks, they don't go together. But a flock of pigeons do, or a flock of geese.


I'll reach into my Bag of Holding


We're a big set of anal beads.


I flag down the nearest person.


I know it! Girl!


Did you think I'd forget?


It's a light-- it's a color absorber, it's really cool.


Wait, we can't be those little--


As Caleb comes back from setting the Alarm spell, tell me what you have worked out so far. I set the Alarm spell and I took a wee over that way.


Then there's Torrid Reef here.


So wait, I just have to blind it?


I feel good. (all laugh)


No, it's kind of little, actually. You guys, it's really little, actually.


You need to heal yourself, dude.


Sometimes you just need to touch things.


(grunts) Stay away! Stay away! Southern accent! Trying to Texas, Georgia, Louisiana! (laughter)


You can banish us to the Dread Emperor's island?


Question, Percy. There's this annoying wind. (laughter)


Can you read it for me?


I can't. I point at the manticore. No, you did it.


I feel like we should just fucking try to do something.


We intend to face him down ourselves.


15 damage, and the next attack has advantage against it.


Because it is a chauvinist. I know that.


Right there is fine.


40 or 50 pounds?!


Take a deep breath, friend. Listen, Ulog is dead. He sacrificed himself in a very brave moment. He threw himself at the Richter, threw a gem in her mouth, and exploded in a Fireball. Listen, I think--


That's what you said.


These are not the magic theme.


Thank you for waiting, thank you for coming, thank you for participating! Don't worry, it's almost Thursday. Good night, GenCon! (cheering)


I already did it. Too late! I fucking touched you, fucker.


Wait, we need to finish this conversation.


Everybody hold still for a moment.


Yes! (laughs)


I do not think I look like Tim Curry. (all laugh)


Frumpkin's a sparrow at the moment. I don't have the components to put him back to the shape he prefers, which is a cat.


That everything's fine. So now we're just knocking him out.


Wait, we didn't talk to Artagan. Artagan, are you here?


I've never had many favors done my way.


He does what?


I already sent the message.


You! Take care of my bear, I'm leaving him here with you.


I have a very warm shawl, too, but do you want my--?


That's great, then 13.


I mean, look at him. No offense or anything.


Octopuses are very smart.


What is that? 13?


Yeah, yeah, it's aged a little.


The dragon would find him a very uncomfortable horse pill to swallow.


I won't bore you with the details, but while all that was going on, while they were searching and they were destroying things, Vax wandered a hundred feet out and sat down and did a little talking to the mother of ravens, and basically said, not expecting an answer: This is it, isn't it?


How do I do that? I forget. I'm kidding.


Yes, very gregarious personality from what we could see. What does he do exactly?


I'll be right back.


No, also not attractive.


I think it was a fundraiser, last time you were up for election?


Oh, I will!


North, to the horses.


Your Laura is showing.


I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia.


Me and Keyleth-- do you want to land over here?


I've always liked you, too.


1d6 necrotic damage.


Can I take your eight points?


Think of what he's losing, though.


That's going to be a lot of damage, right?


Do I have a plus ten? Sweet. Yeah, I got this. All right. Nine, 27.


We thought it was for all of us but then we realized it was just for Matt and Marisha.


He's a human cleric, I'm doing my best.


You basic!


Ja. From normal people. I put the same shitty rag on it that was on it before.


Maybe your skills could be useful. There's time to mourn the dead. And the carpet.


I'm hasted almost, and I just blasted up to the top of the temple.


But wait, are you just going to make up what he remembers? No!


Yeah. Just make her hot, please.


Yep, nice to meet you all. You're so, uh, wonderful.


Let me get this straight. A bunch of fucking floating lights came out of the wall, gave your boy a little static shock, and you ran?


How are we supposed to know your name? Is it Osyso?


Crazyballs. Oh yeah. We had two sparkles and a green one.


2d8.


I hit him! Then that's it, that's my turn.


Oh, save my life, again, Tiberius.


We have Pike's dad to find, we've got a house to loot--


Do we win?


Yeah, the door flies open.


Trinket was on the ground, wasn't he?


Sweat it out, guys.


That would have been number two, done. Right there, instant T.K.O.


So fight first. Yeah, we shouldn't swim after eating.


It's a great honor; don't mess it up. What were you saying?


Yeah. Molly got a guy and a girl that walked in with food.


PlayStation Three graphics.


He was very zen about that duck down.


Are we all sleeping in this hut, or do we have separate huts? We're all sleeping in this hut, aren't we?


You have a great idea of how to kill it?


Oh, I just decided maybe I shouldn't hit them, though.


Okay. Can I very gently grab the gnome, and then siege monster bust us out?


Travis, dear, your stallion is galloping to earth, humanity must welcome him with loving arms.


Tiberius, Tiberius. Tibs.


We need to discuss a few things, but we'll fetch the tome.


I mean homie is right next to you.


Which one of these two is taller?


Fucking bitch.


Aye, wouldn't miss it for the world.


(strained) Just the two of us. We can make it if we try! Just the two of us, Kas and I.


Treasure! Pirates! Arr!


And now your--


Or the safest entrance?


I dabble with them myself.


What is it, 4d8?


But you still get a book!


Just leave him. He can get out himself. He's a smart guy.


Oh man, I am not-- This does not feel good.


How much do we have? I have next to nothing.


It's pretty limited. They don't go that far.


Maybe he can tell the others to leave us alone!


Wait?


So I'm just walking up the center.


Because she has her disadvantage. She needs to make a constitution saving throw.


Wait, before you do this  have we tried a Healing Word on her?


With advantage, which is good. I'm going to switch things. New ones. (gasps) What just happened?


Depends on your level.


It was the one? It was the one?!


Come on, Grog! Come on!


I am Panlanann, the wood half-elf blood hunter!


You did good, Grog.


(gasps) Oh! Right! I forgot about that!


It is a lot of money!


Can I get to her?


I think if we're going to bring up how you shat on money when we first met you and talked about how it was pointless and didn't bring you happiness.


What's that going to do?


I wait until everybody's through, and do I see a crack or nice weakened part in the archway that I can smack?


Festivus!


(gasps) Can you Polymorph Trinket, Keyleth?


Well, at the very least we're talking about advanced flirting, at the very least.


(southern accent) A southern gentleman.


I don't know-- nerd talk?


I mean, I could-- all right.


Are they all above us or are some near us?


If not, I know where I can work on something. I will be back. I will not leave town before I've delivered to you something--


Can you go back down there? Take Beau, Jester with you, and we will stay up here to make sure they don't get by you on the way out, but you need to find whomever or whatever that was and isolate it.


He's going to have to roll a wisdom of 14.


That's right. We marked our places on the map, where we left last time.


It doesn't look good.


As a point of order, can she also yell, "Don't let them leave!"


No, that's not how that shit works, man.


Well, you are consistent. I'll fill you in on the details of that later, but now take this down. 'Plagued by an incompetent plan and ambushed by a surprise from a kraken, we nevertheless stayed 'true to ourselves and to our bravery, found the lodestones and, despite nearly dying, came back to 'tell the tale, proving ourselves as heroes of Vesrah and to each other. I was aided by young 'Percival in my fight. Abandoned by the Antlers and the Elves. And by the end of the fight, it was 'just me and the big guy, duking it out. I blacked out for a moment, but before I did, I'm sure he 'saw my bravery and was impressed. That's why he dragged me to safety and presented me to Percival 'for healing.' That's enough for now.


I think that means that there's a split in the path.


29?


We have nothing to offer, but we can provide many gifts.


It's really easy. I don't mind putting on the hat.


(laughs) I'm going to put that aside.


Oh, which is-- well, yeah.


Ten grand.


What can you do? How high can you go?


Everybody can tell.


(laughs) Have we done some healing? Has healing been done?


If you think we've been sent on some sort of suicide mission--


We're still clouds.


Oh, shit. Are we doing this?


If you don't slow your roll, Loot Crate is going to poach you.


"I'm coming. Whoa!"


Let's get out of this dome.


It was an island with child labor, it's full-circle for Keyleth.


(as Trixie) Do it again!


Yeah, I guess we should go in and see what going on, what's cooking in the kitchen.


We've got your back.


Come on, give me that big ol' four-- That's a one! Six damage.


I got that! Pacific Rim Uprising. It's going to be in theaters, RealD 3D, and IMAX tomorrow, Friday, March 23rd. My wife and I, we original Gipsy Danger fans, I'm just saying, I'm just going to put it out there, that's what we represent at the house.


Yeah, let's just toss a torch.


It's a taser arrow.


It's hide armor?


You're not good at apologizing?


Can Trinket fit? Trinket can fit.


Yeah, I want to flank.


Desmond, I had it right here, right there. Desmond.


Okay. Please be safe.


We're just being paid to empty the seat, not to put him in it.


Oh, Tary.


I cast Annoyed Dwarf to know that he was likely killed by the rakshasa. Why are we standing in this room?


Of course you would!


It's going to be all right. We have one advantage that they do not.


You're with him. He's fine. I'm going to fly over. 120 feet. I've got a five-foot reach range. I'm going to do my multiattack as my planetar. So two hits, with plus two. I'm going to do Gil.


They don't drug their prisoners?


He's hard-headed enough. So all of those things are very true.


We're done, we're heading out.


We figured you would speak up if you had issue.


Well, I'm assuming it's there in case someone breaks in, like would trigger a trap.


Great use, Keyleth. We found an entrance point. Ish.


Should we fill in the hole?


San Francisco. Both coasts.


We got a reader. While they're doing this, I'm going to saunter over to the card player.


Aw snap!


It's so handsome.


I can capture those, but not that guy.


It must have been a--


I'll just start drinking.


Do I? Do I? Do-


Can I try to get some of the icy armor off of the big worm that's right next to me now?


Or maybe he's cursed and he's going to turn evil and kill us all in our sleep?


Yeah, the warhammer, but the Chain of Returning doesn't have a distance.


Turn into a bear?


(singing) I still get hellish.


It's very mini-golf.


We don't have to teleport to the middle of nowhere. Well, we do need to get farther away from here. Is there any way to get farther away from where we are right now before we--


Who's talking right now?


Hang on, are we going to go find Kern and do this with rules, or we going to do this without rules?


Do you remember any trees?


I can. Not today, but I can over time.


21 is the AC.


Zero speed, or slow speed?


(sings) Awkward. Everyone: (laughs)


That's fine. The mask will do. I'm going to take one last shot. I'm going to look right at him, I'm going to catch his eye. This is for the de Rolos. And let me say: you were the one I was least looking forward to.


We have to be miserable right now because we are soaking wet and it is cold.


Maybe scrap metal is a good thing for this.


Are you going to make Molly tea?


She does?


Could I assist with that?


You're cultists?


Of course, but we can all get entrance from this writ?


Mercer's our god.


Tell my story! (laughter)


Did we fight his undead body in the crypt? Is that-- oh.


Who was he?


(laughs) That's good.


Really good progress, yeah.


Yes it is, we need to spread those out. We need to decide who is doing what, at least what we think is going to happen. I think I should take one of the trammels.


I can attack with the chain?


Dear, there's more coming to the town. You take care of yourself.


-- this is really happening.


They are very upset--


It's Professor Grog, actually.


I don't hear anything anymore, if that's what you're asking.


Let's talk to Kashaw. We go up and we talk to Kashaw.


There's probably shoes here.


He's just out of range? Whoever's the closest except for the bear.


Yes, I saw it. I dodged out of the way.


Not that great. Ten damage, fire damage. They have to make a constitution save?


All we got to do is get Kevdak and they're fucking lost.


Oh no, he's winning!


Patient Defense.


Can I join her on this?


Are you making a sex check?


You can go there and be alone, and it's so quiet and peaceful and dark.


I'm behind my boy Grog. My boy Blue!


How about one of the more basic healing potions?


(magic sounds)


It's so nice to be back.


I'm going to attempt to repair it really quickly. Trying to remember how to do that because I hate it. (mumbling)


Yeah, here's the thing. I spent a lot of time by the water when I was growing up, and when you live by the water, too much water theme in your design is overkill. You know, it's like the person that has the beach house and everything is shells and water and lobsters--


I drop to my knees and I look at him and just say, it's okay, we're friends.


Who's piloting our boat?


Fair enough. Yeah, at dawn, we plan.


Is it like a thicket? Is this rough terrain we're going through?


Commune with Nature.


That we can tell. We don't know.


(sighs) I'm going to run around and see if I can flank that creature, if I can move towards flanking that creature with the other two.


I do, yes.


It's time to move.


Is that, I mean, that kind of is your name, is that all right?


You're feeling a calling?


Did you look the same, or did you come back--?


As a half-orc, does he got those big teeth?


Weren't you holding your turn until Grog moved him?


Somewhere between the Folies Bergere and Caligula's living room.


I bought the book, too. What do I get?


Start it now.


Building to building toward the tower?


We spent a whole game doing--


Happy birthday, bb!


Thank you. Why are you acting so weird about this?


Molly--


Percy. What do you mean?


How far away are the Taskers? Did we just pass by them?


Okay. That's all I need to know.


As a bonus action I did that, so I'm going hop up on the table that I'm next to.


Yeah, for my birthday I said I wanted to play D&D for a night and I asked the people that I wanted, and they came, and then the next day I sent out an email going, "oh man, that was so great. I feel like we should do that again." And nobody responded for a day, and I felt ashamed and sad because I thought that I was a dork and nobody wanted to do it, but then slowly, everyone trickled in going, "yeah, yeah, yeah." And here we are.


You've been waiting to use this!


Well, he is staying with us this evening.


Ooh, 19 plus whatever!


Yeah, like super stat.


Hey wait, he (stutters) he swam away?


I back up into a corner, and I say  what is all this about? Why do you even need this? Why do we want to set it free? I don't understand.


No, I mean, we had a grandfather, so I-- I mean, I think he's not really a bastard. I think. I don't know. What do you mean? (all laugh)


Shock collar.


Yeah, tree struck by lightning, very good luck.


Do we look in the window?


I'm gonna do what I said before, and I'm gonna go and land next to Keyleth.


Yeah, yeah, he could check you out. Give your crotch the old once over.


Yeah, pretty much. Oh, and I'll fly closer to the sphere. I said that already.


Go ahead and try, Trinket!


I'm sure you do. Could I borrow your ear for a few minutes?


What else does it--


Alone?


I thought there was another one this way.


I haven't been down to the spa in a while.


Is it grabbing him or not?


I would run if I were him.


So he's going back.


That was a bad song.


All those?! Holy crap.


At level 18, that's a crit.


We are aware we need to have a conversation. Good morning.


It's too late. Fjord's in the water, swimming around.


Percy, is this what you want?


Yeah. I guess I am.


Should we go get tattoos or get you a new haircut or something to commemorate this?


Unless I was healed, and I don't remember being healed, I'm at 11 health points. So I'm feeling a little sore.


That was about as disappointing--


I did, but I feel fine now.


It's so awesome! I had the absolute pleasure of joining Felicia on the latest episode of The Flog. Go check it out. It's back. I love that show. She wanted to make a neon sign, and she was like, "Let's do a Critical Role sign." Because she's a fan of our show, which is awesome. She's probably watching right now. Love you, Felicia. So this was it, unfortunately. Yes, are we ready to do the honors? Ready? For Vox Machina! (cheering)


Seeing that he's still tied up, I'm going to pick up the whole crate and put him over my-- no I'm going to football carry him like this.


We'll walk like this.


Tell the truth, now.


But he can't--


NE, Hupperdook.


Yeah, I printed out a picture of a bullet and I colored it in pink. And it only fires once, so it's a very quick encounter. You've heard of a displacer beast? This is a Despacito beast. It's the same thing as a displacer beast, except you hear "dub-a-dub-a Puerto Rico dub-a-dub-a ay, bandito" when it goes invisible.


Yes. (sings a high-pitched note)


How long has she been doing that for?


I knew I should've asked for that portrait.


Edubation.


Everybody in Weehawken is like, what happened to Larry?


Oh, it's a 12. No, I was right.


Three actually because you got one.


Well, I recently added the sharpshooter feat, so three-quarter and half cover means nothing to me. So I'm going to aim for his eye that's peeking out the side. All three are going right in his eye.


Yeah, by half.


You two are the only ones.


Oh, so I can't carry that with me? They're big?


Yeah you are! You can shoot things. And you can sneak around.


I know, are we just going to watch you diddle yourself? Let's have it.


We may be taking a bit of a break.


You just did!


We're gonna have fun with it. Going in costume. Becca and I are going in costume, and then Hector and Ify will be at four. And then Hector and Ify are doing a Q and A, or no, a trivia game that night on the stage for Geek & Sundry and stuff like that. So Geek & Sundry will be there, you guys should stop by.


We're going back to sleep, right? It's either that or I put a fancy robe over my whole face.


I think those could be little pointers.


It is important for him to express himself.


I have a tinderbox.


(whispered) Another person could be invisible.


No favorite brother or sister or playmate or--


I'm going to use action surge, I guess. No, I'm not. I have a little bit more movement, right?


Yes, little bit.


Could be useful.


It's because this is the darkest timeline and I stole it from you.


My eight is halved.


One year. Congratulations to you guys. That's awesome.


Did he just call it a 'pseudopod'?


And besides, you have us around you, friend.


I didn't know you played.


Worst initiative I've ever rolled.


Oh, no, he doesn't have fucking--


You, of course you were going to say Asmodeus, because it's like written six times in my notes, and I'm literally staring at a sketch of it in my notes.


They won't see you.


That's a persuasive Jessie--


Anything interesting?


We're moving rocks. (louder) I think we're going to move rocks. Can you give us a hand with the rocks?


So for the next eight hours, with a little bit of concentration, we can jump back and forth?


(laughing) This is everything I wanted.


Seeker Asum?


I tend to find things that live in trees filled with bones tend to not have necessarily many friends. I'm just putting it out there. I have nothing else to base that off of, but it didn't look like a very social creature.


Oh boy, all right.


We'll bring the wrath of the others upon you.


How much money do you have?


I just wanna see if there's anything familiar about the markings, if I can identify any signs of something mystical that's come through here.


You don't want to interrogate it, because if we interrogate it we're going to have to make a deal.


Maybe we can use that to run her out!


The books are basically mud at this point, correct?


Core strength to you. Namaste.


I was, but I came up too. Hi, hello, hi. I have one of those little sticker things you put on the back for motion sickness. (all laugh)


We have a bear.


They have the best of the best in the north, ja.


Did you bet to see whether we would live or die?


If you can make a pair for our friend here, that would help him out, I assume.


Do you know if it's going to be over soon?


Okay. Reckless. Last one.


This is really bloody heavy.


That's fair. I don't care, to be fair.


Yeah! I'd like to do that. That's a 23.


I should have asked that long ago!


Well, that's a conundrum.


I'm going to perception ahead, so I'll be towards the front.


In the shop at Geekandsundry.com.


(southern drawl) 11.


That's fine, here we go.


What was the lower of those two rolls? Because I have advantage.


Did anyone escape?


Maybe we should split the party further.


Everybody looks over and Castle Ravenloft is towering above the beach.


MVP this fight!


Trolls.


Oh, hey. Well, no. Maybe would this be a bad idea? To shoot an Oracle Arrow down into the bottom?


Hey, Sondur, Sondur, give us your bow.


Are you coming onto me?


We're going to die!


Thank you. Five.


Yeah, more than alive, I think.


This is a good plan


Hey, Beauregard.


Well, he said whoever contributes the most monetarily gets to take a shot at the honor.


(slurred) Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo the third of Whitestone.


Which is okay!


How much gold do you need?


No, I don't see anybody in here.


26 points. I rolled so badly.


Grog, that rhymed! Well done!


With his head.


There's not a hit point counter on the wheel? That's ticky tock?


Mollymauk.


Okay. All right. Good to know.


We are still running.


I do have the Immovable Rod.


Wouldn't it be fun, though, to just set up shop here and hang out--


No, if somebody comes in, you need to distract them, okay? Don't let anybody see me, because this might take a while.


Two, right? I didn't Cutting Words anyone. Those count as inspiration, right?


Yeah, morning.


All right, we can't waste any time.


Seven and seven. Both seven.


You're correct. I have it on very good authority that an island that is surrounded by the Deeprow Reef is housing the item you seek.


What are we trying to do here?


I'll lead the way!


We were in the process of--


That's up to you. I thought-- who cares what I thought?


And the trench is all around that?


No, I know. I thought we wanted to interrogate--


(sighs) We're running into this shit on purpose now. Which is all right, when there's reason. I don't always know why we're doing the things we do. It was fun, breaking into that house. I'm good at it!


Percy, you're not taking this contract.


Will this thing obey you? We should get inside. I let go of the rope and go back in the building so that we can hide.


30, 35.


Oh, you mean--


Eight, four.


Can I get a teaser? What did he smell like?


(laughs) Just throw it? Don't throw it?


I'm already gone. In my head I think, This is still going very well. I have not been hit; here we go. And I'm at the bottom of the stairs already, not at the top, so what I would like to do is move my full movement and then use my action to dash. And just stroll to the right of Nott, and I will just touch her on the shoulder as I go; and get as far as I can in that direction against the wall, if that's as far as I can get. So 60 feet.


Check that other one too in a moment.


We don't know. We don't know what's in the house. It's a mysterious thing to be happening in this town.


But this is to all of us. "To the cast of Critical Role, while--" Hang on, let me make sure.


I'm knocking on the door.


No, we're not! (laughs) He's legitimately smarter than us.


Look at that. That's brilliant.


The trap room, the little portal in it.


Is 30.


He's still fucking dead.


So here comes the damage. (counting) 25.


Do I have a clean line of sight on him?


Wisdom, which I have advantage.


Ah! Sprinkle!


Hello? (laughter)


So hot for you right now.


That's me getting beaten up by a whore dwarf.


So that's 30 for the first. And for the second. 30 for both.


Feels very trendy.


Upper middle.


It might've destroyed Wilhand's house. Yeah.


Ooh, I want to make mine my hairpiece.


If I may, Yasha? We're going to be really close to your old, you know, place where you lived?


I go over and I swim Grog over. And can I, as a shark, give some shark push from the bottom?


It saw you?


That was really helpful.


It's so cute. We love it.


Percy, we are in a place that has an airship dock.


Can I try to get out of the grapple? Is that a thing that I can do?


Just at normal level, so that's nine points.


Do you ever have any need of alchemical combinations with your mechanical devices?


I missed you so much! I wanted to come home sooner, but we got distracted because we went to the Empire.


Am I revealed, or am I hidden by the stump?


Or should we go to them?


Caleb, if you're done with that book do you think I could hold on to it?


I am picking something random from the room.


(quietly) I love you.


Yeah, who's going to be back down here, theoretically.


Jester would like to probably--


What was the... Oh. Coral! Carol! I don't remember the other one's name.


God damn it. Okay.


I would like to go into a frenzied rage. A regular strike on the first.


Start cleaning her cheeks as well as we can.


He didn't have a quip back for me, okay. Right. I would like to turn so I'm facing him.


So you're saying this is my curse? This is my duty?


Well, you tend to go mum for a while, and then you're gone. You’re very useful for us! We could do great things together, the not-nine of us. I hope you're not thinking of leaving.


I'm really sorry about that.


Aw, buddy. You're tough.


Fair enough. Out the window, shall we?


I'm punching.


With my dice?


I go get the broom from the Bag of Holding again.


I like her already.


What say you, Percy?


I'm going to need help. I know a little bit about dragons. I don't know a ton. Can you help my knowledge of animals in any way, shape, or form? For some sort of a check, I don't know. I just want to make sure that I know everything I can know in the moment when checked.


I guess if I'm going to be out in the open, I probably should.


My god, look at all those fuckers!


Yeah, I don't feel very good.


I can't even imagine you like that.


I go outside and get some fresh air and see what I see.


Want me to guard the door?


Does that take up our whole path now?


I will consider accepting your apology if you tell me whatever happened to it.


We almost killed a guy and then someone else killed a guy, we still reaped all the rewards. Good for us, guys. Good for us.


There's three of you.


We'll go until we're tired.


Will they recognize you?


I'm already wearing them.


Wow, that's a powerful look.


Oh, that was cute.


I'm going to make my sister pay.


We will discuss it. It's got a ring, I will admit.


I'm going to try and use it.


I don't want to take that bet.


Yeah! We'll bunk up.


This is our keep, man.


Kind of like snowshoes but with more surface area.


Macerate? That's a big word.


Can we say we're doing this from one of our rooms?


Macy's Day Parade balloon; it's not good right now. It's bad. Okay, I'm going to unleash on Prada.


Immunity? Not just resistance, immunity?


I'll follow my husband.


Really, should I go get it?


He's Mike Tyson-ing you.


I'm keeping an eye on the path to make sure nobody's coming down our direction.


Okay, that's nine plus--


Just like that time in Emon when we--


He's still going after my ass?


Oh, I'm fine. He's already-- they're already making me something.


No that's a-- it is an action, you're right. That's what I've got right now. Just trying to get its attention.


I get to learn two things now?


Maybe they like mushrooms.


Okay, that'll work.


It does take a while to cast.


It used to be a titan that had its heart broken or something.


Instant knockout.


And I hope you stay with me.


Do we recognise what they are? Are they wyverns? What are they?


Is it a boy?


We're walking. I want to find out why they want to get into the house. That's all. Something shady's going on.


Doty doesn't come into cities.


Can you lead in the direction to go?


I'm mean, yeah. He's going to feel it once I cast it on him, but I can try.


All right. Then I run down the steps and I jump into the tornado.


Oh! Absolutely, in the best possible way. I'm highly excited, and I think you're going to do very well.


Do that, please. 'Cause maybe there's a way-- there's a tunnel, and we come up behind them or whatever it was.


Yeah, that was our first fight.


All right. What do we need to intimidate him? Do you need me to be your enforcer?


Just an intelligence check? I'm trying to remember. 11?


Oh yeah, could you have stretched to either side and he does a Ninja Warrior shit down the tube?


Oh no! That's scarier than wind chimes.


And if there are those resources, and I know that this trip is happening, I've got to go across and make sure that my people aren't dying of dysentery.


Vax, you got any problem with that?


(choking noises)


You're right, it will! Okay, I'm gonna follow 30 feet behind Nott as we're going up. (laughter)


Oh, cool. Okay. There was an old man who was with us before.


No Scanlan.


He was part of a performing troupe that my father hired to entertain us on New Year's Eve. And they came in, stayed a few days. I remember quite vividly though that they left in a hurry. Something went on with one of the members of the troupe and my father's handmaiden, and he was very upset with it and he chased them all off in the morning. I didn't get to continue practicing with him. All I know is, my father was so upset. Something happened in his room, he had to burn his bedsheets, and I think he got a new bed. I don't know quite what happened, but it was quite a dramatic thing. I was only about 12 or 13 at the time.


Be killed? Never pop back out again.


Caleb says  You know, it's funny-- and then says everything that you just did to everyone in the group.


Please, can I have that armor?


That's an 11.


Try to do it quietly. Just quiet. Just quiet.


I try to keep like six or seven foot difference--


Do we have normal mental thoughts when we're smoke plumes? Or do we just think in terms of (wind noises)?


Remember, these characters can all be made on D&D Beyond. The next one is a male tabaxi bard with an electric guitar who constantly plays K-pop songs and has a runny nose. What is his name? Liam O'Brien.


Is it-- yeah, no. So I show off the peacock a little bit. One of the peacock feathers on the neck--


Can I use a bonus action to try to hide? Is there anywhere to hide? Maybe against a wall or something?


Sometimes there's balconies.


I remove my hat.


Third time's the charm.


Her?


Yeah, and you add the attack bonus of your great sword, which is right in the center.


I rolled a one, too! (cheering)


With her movement, she'll stand in front of Marius like a human shield. From any arrows that might be coming.


Oh, we can't do how deep is the mine? No?


We need to get her out of here.


That's what I was thinking, at least to get into place, and then put it back on.


What's up, brah?


That will be the first thing we do when Thordak dies is we jump on an airship.


Is this real?


Ha! Ha! Oh my gosh! I'm so excited! I've had this idea in my head for two years!


That's okay. 19?


Well, I don't know what it is. And if you're not going to look, what use do we have for it?


All dice are doubled? Is that how it works?


You know, it's funny, because only about 30 minutes ago I also had a bird, but he was obliterated.


Multi-faith ceremony. There you go.


I think I'm still at disadvantage.


I've got the weasel up here and the dog right here.


Yeah, you're writing a book!


Cookie Monster.


Yeah, that's good. It's 20.


Tell us you know something.


Everyone knows they need to not move at all and be completely--


Algard, right?


Wow, you're quick!


Yes, finally.


Oh, come here! Come here! If somebody took you from me... I don't know how to see it any other way than I do. You would have to do something really terrible, Vex'ahlia, for me to ever feel disappointment in you, and you have not ringed that bell. Rung it?


I don't think they're going to leave us all alone.


I try and get that back door open and try and get them out.


Ooh! That sounds way better!


I mean, I've expanded my repertoire. I have a few new tricks that I will hold onto for the right moment. Are you okay?


(western flute trill)


It protects me from things. (all laugh)


Okay. 4d8. Seven plus ten is 17. 17 just for that brambleness. And then he has to roll a strength saving throw of DC 17.


You have just got all sorts of shit.


Are we checking the merchants' to see if there's any armed escort requests out of the merchants' guild?


I'm afraid with each refugee we add to another city, we're only making it a larger target.


Well, shit, then I've got to get some retribution.


Can I say, are we in the clear? Is everyone safe?


Oh, balls and ass. Okay.


Yeah. And very curly!


Like spindle. Like a bindle.


He directed The Hulk! And The Ice Storm!


I'm pulling back up. Oh yeah, he's fine.


You know, I had a long day yesterday, okay?


This is what happens when Pike isn't around!


So paranoid.


Oopsie.


I do show respect, Lady Kima. I show respect when I feel that respect has been earned.


He? So the trees are like dudes?


(whispers) Get the sparkly thing.


Listen to us. You are not our half-sister. You are our sister.


How does this work? How much water could a titan hold?


When was the last time this belt was a snake, before now?


That group looks like your type. Feel like making friends?


So you think maybe it's the tree that ate that other group of trees?


I thought we took a-- Hey, I am not a person to judge. I know I don't look-- It's fine. Where are we going again?


Okay, give it to me.


I'm not kidding you! I want to kill this thing. This is the first stepping stone, and I could potentially take it out. Catch it unawares before it vomits on all of you. I want to do it, and I just want to know that you're going to come in after and finish it if you need to. I told you what I want to do.


He knows everything.


Going to try and do that.


Nugget. Poof!


Can you do a mass, a mass sense alignment?


You can see in the dark.


What do you mean, hidden?


That was a great roll.


Also, where in the year are we in relation to Winter's Crest?


We have a cobbling empire. Shoes.


Oh, they bled out? All right, I'm going to start using Thaumaturgy to start cooking them away in a big pile of mold and mushrooms.


Less purple?


All right! (laughter)


Well, it's on.


Wait, what potions did we just take?


Saving throw, correct?


Oh, fuck. [cheering]


Hey, then we're all above 13, it's pretty good! This bodes well.


Yeah, we don't have a wish. Okay, so we make no deals when we go.


That would have been my bet.


She came in the mansion with us?


I am going to pick up two bones, give them to Simon Two, and tell him to go across the street, 50 feet away from us, and wait there in some building. Hold these bones.


Fingers of curly hair radiating in all directions. That should be the thing that you notice first about me but that's not it. It's my eyes. My eyes, as white as my hair. My pupil-less eyes as white as my hair. As white as the hair dripping down from my chin to a straight point about three or four inches below. I think that's all you really notice.


Get in line. But I don't think we want to walk up ourselves, just in case. We should send somebody.


To attack my hand? Okay.


Okay, that's 17.


What was that? How much?


2d8. Not bad. 12 plus four. 16.


We've only been traveling for like a few hours, right?


That's kind of her thing, yeah.


Part of the traditional Whitestone breakfast is--


Do you have to be able to use magic to use it?


Because-- I don't know. He's my dad.


Any webbing?


What am I doing, a constitution?


Yes. Well, probably, yes.


The paintings do all have holes cut in the eyes, so you can never be sure.


Yeah, I need Hold Monster. Okay.


"I've been the SHITs." (all laugh)


Right when I wake up, I am going to try Divine Intervention.


Never mind, I give up.


SEAL team.


You know my name! I leave.


I understand. I thought it was different.


No, he had to show us where the orcs were.


I want to know what's going on in there. That's a (counting) 27.


We just killed another one of the dragons.


Grog, please, flower-girl, please.


We're getting ready to teleport.


High noon!


Oh, did you want to, we haven't talked yet.


I'll punch you in the face.


Don't rush it. Don't rush it.


Dude, Command is clutch.


Gedd-e-mo-ray.


Can you sleep there?


I'm not going to go last this time! (gasps)


Okay, I can Fireball him now. (cheering)


I was on the orb.


But the thing that I, probably the whole battle with the family that was sort of possessed when I actually died, that was probably one of my favorite battles. Maybe not after I died, prior to. When I got to finish off the dragon--


Wow. Going for the roleplay, not the damage.


Yeah. Well. Just be careful. Keep yourself safe.


I take five because I gave Molly five.


Keep going, Matt.


So Death Ward, if you go down to zero, it will put you at a one, it won't take you under?


How is Jester going to trail behind? Because her dad has sweaty palms?


That's correct. Richtig. Go.


Jeffrey, is it?


Hey man, we got a little stub. A little bit.


But it's down.


I pull out the fork we that we got to get to Elysium. Is it similar?


Did he never land on the glyph?


And you need to focus, or is it a random?


Five, six. Yeah, I'll take a seven and an eight, I'll give these back to you. (continues counting) 23 points, does that seem right?


Okay, cool, then I can go 160 feet.


Good job, Mr. Clay.


Cuddle-vantage!


He's coming up with some bullshit.


Grog's probably farting again.


This is gonna get interesting.


Yeah. We're not getting through this. Hey. I'm not getting through this, you're not. Maybe Kiki can.


I can be a rhinoceros-- I can be, like-- Can I do dinosaurs? I can be a dinosaur, right? That's a new thing I can be, right?


This happened to me when I was six, by the way. I'm talking about Liam, not Vax.


This is super serious, you guys.


Turd watch.


Fuck me, asshole. Fuck. Fuck me asshole! Seven. Nine. Ele-- 12. 14. 16. 19. 20. 20.


Do I sense any others?


And first level characters, which we are not.


Watch out for Fee-ord. (laughter)


Is that thieves' tools?


I stand with Jester at the edge of the pool, looking down.


This is making me really emotional.


Dice rolls get doubled.


Hand me some ash. I'll test it.


Well, Trinket can smell.


Yeah, you told us about all three dangers that we have to face.


Oh my god, I rolled two eights in a row.


As we said, yes. But the thing you wear on your head, it would make us all the more equipped to take on this task. It's against such powerful mind creatures, such as yourself, I know my way around a couple Arcane things, but nothing of the mind control sorts. If someone like me were to be influenced, it would be very bad for our group. Even yourself, perhaps. It would do well to at least maybe show us how you built it, and-- You get what I'm getting at, right?


Just wait it out.


What a good idea, Sam! No! (laughter)


Yes, off you trot, go!


No, I mean, from in your past.


He beat it.


It's so cool. Thank you guys.


Divine Sense, which is specific to undead location, not vague, if there's any within 60 feet. I'll use one.


Okay, I have heard of the Ruby of the Sea. That's pretty spectacular that that's your mother.


I'll share, if you'd like.


That's not worth it. 75 gold?


I'm paralyzed; I don't know what to do, so I'm hiding, not doing anything. But how far away have we traveled from the building we started at with the mansion in it?


Okay, I say, hey, sorry about the whole Tsunami thing. You got this! And I give her a Healing Word at level one. I'm going to give you-- shit-- plus my spell modifier. Sorry, nine hit points.


(scoffs) Yeah.


I pull out my weapons.


Hold on. Wait, one more!


Plus seven? Okay, now you've confused me. Now there's all these numbers. 17 plus two, so that's 19. Plus five.


Who do we have incapacitated?


Do you want to do this over breakfast? I can, we'd be more than happy to buy you breakfast.


Is there anything good in the storage room that we're in?


I'll go. I go up to him, and I prop up his back and set him up against my chest and whisper into his ear and say, I know you can hear me. I know you're still in there, and I'm sure she can hear me too, but your sister is right. You've held up to your promise, to her, and you've made a promise to me. We have to settle down and live happily together, remember? You promised me. Vesrah. So I want to give you a little bit of light to follow in the darkness. And I find the scar on his back of my handprint. And I find it and I cast Daylight into his back, into the hand print and say, and besides... You know I'm in love with you, right? (quietly) That's it.


Stealth? Oh shit.


And you know my lockpick snaps so... just totally broken.


That we see.


Pretty close. 20 feet.


He's not under Pass Without a Trace.


Very stealthily open the door a little bit and see. Yeah, I'm going to stay inside the door but just look outside the door.


We need to go now. We need to go.


I'll do an arcana check on that, and I already got 22.


Three days.


Oh, I think we plan on doing a lot of stuff, so probably all together.


Yup, there it goes!


Well, we don't need to, Caleb--


I think he would have been happy that you got to say goodbye. But we should keep going.


13 points of slashing damage.


Is it near me?


Hey, Laura!


I'm going to also use Vicious Mockery again and yell: Shut up already!


This is the exact conversation they had when they were about to go kill Osama. (all laugh)


Do I have any way of knowing if this is Utugash in the next room? Can I do a wisdom check with my bear smell?


Microdermabrasion.


Don't worry about me. I'm just swimming over there and coming back. And then we can cast it.


I don't say anything.


So disadvantage still?


It still rolled a natural 20, though.


We crashed down by the tunnel, we fled. We sealed up the way behind us, ran in.


I grab my earring and I say, Orthax or Ripley?


But you won't let me cast Greater Restoration?


As one of the female aasimar?


I want to save traveling the Ozmit Sea and heading to the water Ashari for when Pike is back.


Ooh, that's better. That's 25.


Don't do that! This is a long whisper.


I'm going to use Luck. It was a good roll, but I'm going to use Luck. SAM. Yeah.


I just whisper to Tiberius and say,


So if the treasure looked different this time, it might stop and talk about it?


It suits you very well.


Something larger things, sometimes smaller things.


Maybe you guys can have a talk with her tonight.


What the what?


Look at Matt's face.


Oh. You mean, the shield?


I mean, we're done.


It spoke to me.


I can go to one of the wells and get some water.


It changed! The battlefield changed immediately.


And pop up, perhaps, where she is?


Yeah, we're just trying to get away.


Three. Percy?


Coin.


Okay. Who wants to go explore?


Yeah, I'm going to try one!


My tattoo? What? The Slayer's Take?


25 minutes? What can we do in 25 minutes? We could fast-talk a couple of people.


He's a happy penis! Oh, it's so great!


Are we trying to kill our friends, here?


So many dicks lost to the move, oh no.


(shouting) No!


"Meet in the back alley." To be specific.


No, it's not.


How's my meat pie?


Can I run to the other doors that Vax has been looking at?


Did I recognize the body that was lying in blood?


Which are definitely used... Wait. To teleport things?


Spin-off.


Oh, 14.


I just want to say that I pulled my hood down, and put on my calamari hat, and pulled the hood back over it.


That unicorn, though.


Maybe? I start walking towards them.


Yes it does, it definitely sucks your life.


This is as far as I've ever been, you know?


Oh, then I'm not going against the wall. I'm sorry.


Damn, should've gone with Nila.


We could change the name of the Baumbauchs to something else.


I'm not going to go crazy, I'm just going to go to the bottom of the ladder-- in I go.


It's a wondrous item! "Rarity  Legendary. This enchanted statue was given to the finest of creatives in the land. It's a large thinly-coated lead icon made of cheap material." I'm going to take a picture of that later. That's so cool!


Good job, guys! Totally on it.


Oh, you have a slight ripple figure. Phantom bear.


How long of a travel would it be to get to Zadash from where we are now?


Find the date first.


You're a good person and you're not broken anymore. All right? We'll filling each other's gaps. We'll be the glue.


I think it was the straw on the bottom of her cell, right?


Jocks Machina does not get hazed.


Once the tree is healed, we have no one of religious power to summon any god. We don't know anything about this god, none of us do!


Who's going to pull our carriage?


I'll take last.


I'm unloading two shots. I'm reloading and unloading two magical shots at Vax.


Zemnians experience only pain. (laughter)


(as Febron) So I had her alone, right?


Oh my god, come on, Fjord.


Just sleep and go.


That's inward singing, man.


If you want to make a dragonborn that looks like Orion with his face pulled out, that's cool, too.


Have a wonderful time, brother.


I'm fine with distractions, but I can't go to the back of the camp and set a door and to the front of the camp and draw them out.


No! That's just the language of my people.


In what?


Buttholes in the underdark!


So the ground's not going to move. Maybe the ceiling has to move.


Okay. Then bonus, another--


That's a very good dice. That's a very good die.


What are you saying?


I'm going to encourage success.


Are there place cards? (laughs)


This is the first of ten guys.


I don't know, guys. We've seen how people react to Nott around here. What if we drag her in front of some crazy locals?


That is a lot of time, though, to get there.


Hmm, less fun.


That's the one I'm running at, yeah?


I was going to say eclectic, but sure.


(garbled noises)


Okay. Then I'll just lock it there.


I do!


Nine, okay.


This is chaos. I will see you guys later. I can't hear anything.


Open tent. There's nothing lying around, none of that black armor lying around or anything? Any extra things --


It's a big island.


Maybe we should leave her. I don't want to deal with that.


Come on on a rampage with me!


Not knowing what else to do, Vax is going to go to the door and just inspect it, see if it's trapped.


Okay, good. I am not. What's that thingy behind me?


Okay. Oh, the other one super-duper hits. It's a 19 plus 14.


I know. I got all teary-eyed!


I remember getting platinum.


Just in a tree.


Do I do that or do I just Lightning Strike? Okay.


It would just baffle all of you. It's all right.


Now you can wear it.


Just keep going up, up, up.


That's all right. We can separate them. This thing.


Let's be whales.


Success.


Rumbling is never a good thing, Scanlan.


I could use a bit of a top-up just because who knows when the next time we're going to be in this direction.


Do you know anything, Pike?


That's a very short range, though.


I'm sorry! Now I almost feel guilty. Congratulations to the 100 people who got 'em.


They're VR, they're the VR headset.


I walk up to Vax and I extend my hand, and I say, I'm glad you didn't die.


That's what I meant to say. Delilah.


I'd like to send them off to start dancing just to the left of this gentleman right here. Just to distract him a little bit, because I seem to have caught his attention, so I'd like to start a little dance party right there. This fellow right here, the zombie, can do a little break dancing, and then the skeleton can do a bit of the bird, and then maybe the worm.


Oh, shit. (all laugh)


I'm going to attack him a couple times. How about that? No advantage anymore, though, huh?


There's no way to run away from him. We have to either defeat him or find a way to disengage him.


He also might like a naughty doodle.


That's a fucking good peacock sound!


I assume you communicated all of this to us?


It's just what you do!


But that's okay, Pike can read Dwarvish.


There's a ring. I take it, put it on. For the time being.


Yeah, but we get a hit in on them the second they came out.


Are you fucking kidding me?


Blind. Wow.


Does he get Hunter's Mark?


I know. I only see that at home.


I got several shards. I got a bag full of shards. Hold on, the power might bowl you all over.


I was weirdly expecting more.


Are you okay? You're a little-- you look a little sweaty.


Love it.


Grog, you and me. I can sleep on your feet.


In between Adventureland and Frontierland. (laughter)


I’ve seen--


Desmond.


Sorry, audience.


It's a strength--


We should've done it last night if we were gonna do it.


I don't know if they're that clever.


Yes. (laughs)


All right. That's cocked. That's fine anyway. Intimidation is, ugh, eight.


Keep everyone safe?


Sure, that exist.


What. Holy fuck, man.


Excellent, let's go. Tomorrow, right? When they're open.


Okay. I'm going to put this in my room, thank you.


I don't have to reload, yet, I've got six shots, so we're still three in the chamber.


Maybe. It might hit some of them. Do we want to go in there? Because we can certainly do that.


I'm following them, just subtly.


Yeah. It's very shallow here. Very little risk.


Now's a good time to go to the store and check out Critical Role t-shirt--


Of course. I wouldn't expect you to. I'm Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. My father Kruvanis Stormwind has helped the Council for over two generations. We come from a noble house, and I give you my word that I will never abuse-- abuse?-- however you pronounce it in your tongue. The privilege of quickly traveling to your stead to do business with you, and there would be no other intrusion otherwise. I guarantee it as my name as a Stormwind.


This may actually give you-- wait, what is your AC bonus to your shield?


By the way, this music is just great.


Where would this professor be?


Fassbender.


You seen any dragons on the outskirts of the town? Have there been any flyovers or close calls within, say, 50 to 100 miles or so? Any reports?


You look good.


Okay. (weak chuckle) Let's move?


I jump off the carpet, climb on Trinket, and we take off!


Yeah. Okay. All right, can I get to Scanlan from my position on the map?


Well, last time he got disintegrated, so we didn't really see him evaporate. But that makes sense.


Clay. Mr. Clay.


We rolled low. Level two!


I'm going to go use Greater Invisibility, as well.


Steal something from me! Do you want me to close my eyes?


Oh yes. I think if we give her access to Thordak's body afterwards, we're asking for a lot of trouble.


I want to live in that world!


Oh, right. Oh, shit.


Spider Pig.


Still to the bog.


They're actually boating shoes. I am embarrassed that I know exactly what you're talking about.


We're gonna be so fast for a minute.


I want to scry and first check in on the Fire Ashari.


Does it seem like some are older than others?


There's... two.


I'm not super invested in the political spectrum, I just don't want any part of it. So no? I think it could be better. No.


Did you hang out with ogres, too?


Months.


What, where was--?


Oh, are you drawing something? It's a dick.


Are you looking for patient defense shit?


On the smaller one?


Because I'm her husband.


Let's burn it down.


(high-pitched) Hey, buddy! I love ya. Let's go in that dragon's gut.


I can make terrain that's not real.


Ow! Where were you, what the fuck - oh, you're -


Should I shoot them?


(singing) Every time he touches the water he has backstory!


They reset, though, right? I don't know!


I got at least a six.


May I sell my other sword?


I can do that, too? I didn't know that. Well, not that spell, but with anything.


Get him. Beauregard, you're the monk. Scorching Ray, three times on the barbarian. First one is shit.


I'm lighter than you!


Maybe I could wipe myself clean with a dry towel.


I'm Hasted, right?


What if someone else was searching for these powerful spheres and maybe was lying in wait at this temple, knowing that someone would maybe come bring one to it?


Oh, yeah, like a wall or something?


Oh, Caleb.


Well then I won't do that. I will-- there's nothing for me to do. There's no do to do.


Can I hang on to them for--


I'm going to sit here and worship her now. That's all.


I've bend down to Toya, and I take off one of the little jade bangles around my wrist, and I say, "Here. This will keep you safe from assholes named Beau. Except for that asshole, named Bo. He's a good Bo, but all other assholes named Beau."


I'm just-- it's just a lot of pressure. It's good.


I will go with the middle one. I think it's probably the correct place.


Did you just cannonball away?


Kill the wind! Let's go!


Do we hear anything?


Want to see my toys?


You know what? I'll use my luck.


I'm going to use my Amulet of the Shield and up my AC for that attack to 23, so.


Yeah, Grog! Grog with the steal.


Welcome aboard the proving-yourself train.


I've got to take a picture of this.


No Grog, we need to go do this.


(laughs) Do you have a fire extinguisher?


I use-- fuck me. (laughter)


Wait, then I notice. Aldor, why are you so short?


I mean, you don't need to sign it if you're saying.


Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III.


But we don't know what it does.


Yeah, how did you survive? [battle music]


Our business takes us where our business takes us. Our business brings us here today.


How's it feel for not giving me--


AxisOfAnarchy...


Let's talk later.


I'm going to wait a few minutes to see if Tary looks like he just falls over or anything.


It doesn't say! It just says for the duration you can cast spells as though you were in the illusion's space.


Yeah, he does! Fuck you.


Put your whole body into it, Trinket.


Well, rogue with Uncanny Dodge, for a successful save gets zero damage.


Great Weapon Master, reckless. I waited to roll.


Is it possible to tell if these eggs might hatch anytime soon, or are they that's left of them?


(sigh)


It's just a fucking name, pick anything! Sorry. (laughter)


And there's no day or night here, so who cares, right?


Lieb! Get back over to your ship! You're going to miss it!


Which you kind of did, Grog.


Should I put a Do Not Climb sign on you? Would you like that?


Oh, you have a hat.


Aces.


So who's it partially covering?


Oh, what was your first request?


Second attack. 26.


Lady. Were you brought before the Lady, and if so, in what room? Where was it? How big was it? How many guards were in there?


AKA the Meat Man, AKA Vicoul the Vicious, AKA Reddish the Bold, AKA the Little Paws, AKA François Bertrand Jean-Luc Australia, be aware that the bearer of this note, Grog Strongjaw, shall be entitled to any libation of his choosing at any pub, tavern, restaurant, inn, alehouse, brewery, or house of lady favors within the city limits of Ank'Harel. He shall be allowed to drink until drunk, and enjoy no molestation by any employee of said establishment, unless he requests it. All charges and bills related to his drinking, cavorting, or violent behavior resulting from drunkenness, shall be forwarded to the Meat Man for timely payment in full. By complying with this request, you are hereby under the protection of the Meat Man, and shall receive all the benefits and goodwill accompanying such association. The Meat Man always remembers. Sincerely, Aes Adon.


(garbled yell)


Here, actually, do this with me. Let's make a double rainbow gif, for later. (laughter)


How big is this ship? Is it like a ship or like--?


-- towards the other ship.


I'm going to abandon that--


Hi! Want some booze?


Wait, I'm doing the rogue thing that I can't remember the name for.


(rapping) What's his name, yo? (speaking) I got nothing.


Maybe they can't get through this.


Right. So you're not a natural tree, you're a tree from the gods?


But it's still water?


Steven.


Well, because I heard Tracy say that she was staying at the fancy-- the Lavish Chateau.


Does this thing, every day, sort of shrink back in on itself, or do you ever slide it back together? Or has it been getting more complex over time?


There's a curse on you?


Oh, that's not bad.


We're going to start the bamf there.


Fucking hate this place.


I don’t know, but this book, Scanlan, is incredible.


@whitesly, if you want to bug him, and, yeah, so, if you buy--


I'm gonna start buffing people like crazy.


How about you ask to jump in for a tune?


Save it for battle!


All things being equal.


That was a really good Doctor Claw.


Yeah, I'll do it at my highest level that I can cast, which is--


He's going to die tomorrow in war.


Okay, that's true.


I can break into things.


Draconia?


Beau turns around to Caleb and goes Damn, Caleb.


Your enemy.


(laughs) Of course not.


Did you just say stanky?


I draw pictures of it to illustrate what I'm talking about.


You helped?


But I don't want her to know that.


Is the skeleton alive?


Jello shot, where you going?


Yeah, it is. It's like the sophisticated version. Yeah. We have some dice as well as lots of other merch, so check it out.


Now that was bad, wasn't it?


Let's see here. Five of them I'll just shoo, the meekest five I'll shoo off into the woods and the other four I'll try to control and take with me somewhere else.


Get yourself a double cheeseburger.


Oh, he'll just tell us, I assume. Sir, we're about to embark on a deadly adventure to try to clear this town so that you can once again live here safely. Might we trouble you to borrow these potions if they can be in some way helpful to us?


I guess, if they weren't buddies, then I shouldn't feel bad anymore. The bad feelings will go away. We went inside the mountain, following some people that... Do I call you Aes, or?


Can I run up and MJ the new gold pyramid into the--?


Are we going in order, or-- what are we doing?


Oh, shut up, you flying suitcase!


Is there food?


It's all going to shit!


Oh, I thought--


Quietly, maybe?


The very elegantly carved box I had made that contains the magical blue shard that we discovered many, many years ago, and I open it just for a moment and close it and say, this is the Shard of Kara. It is a magical item that can grant the user one wish, any wish.


Unless we want to go through the old-fashioned way like the cultists did.


Back under that door, and he will peeky-poo under the door he has not checked yet.


Yes! Blow them up!


My ears are like, 102 degrees.


Where did she get Jarl from?


They are-- Here’s the thing. How rich do you look? How rich does he look?


The Sore Socket?


This is important.


I think we're going to be fine, but you did give me some ideas that I'm going to think about.


I have climbing gear, I have a cube. I have a flute. What can fit in there?


You can keep the opal dagger I gave you.


I've noticed sometimes in letters that I've stolen from the post, fancy ones anyway, sometimes you pull out the letter and then there's this other piece of tissue paper in there for no reason.


(gasps) Oh my gosh! Look at that! How did you even do that?


I mean, yeah, charity. (laughter)


My illusions are small in size. I mean, I could just go in as hey, I'm Mr. Scanlan, come chase after me.


She's just looking through the crates.


Quick, cast Lesser Restoration on yourself!


Well, they did.


Who took the full smack? Oh my god.


Ashley was texting as it was happening. Like, "No!"


Should we kill them all?


There's still a great evil beneath the castle, but the Briarwoods are no more.


I look in the bag of holding and I see a Horn?


I guess so!


Are you dead inside of it?


We have advantage on saving throws.


Have you thought of getting a cat, by any chance?


Not really, it's more like I remember from a dream or something. Kind of hard to remember if it happened to me or not.


You're very nice-- I'm trying to be nice, just give-- this is as painful for me as it is for you, just give me five seconds!


And the volcano's underwater. Is that what the schtick is with it?


There's a couple boars, right?


Can we cast Revivify on them?


Acoustics.


Whoopsie.


I didn't see you.


So yeah, hit me up.


(singing) D&D Beyond.


Spice dealer?


You thought it too, didn't you?


Can we use the word liaison?


Yeah, just in case you ever wanted to do that.


I got to break it, right?


Just the three of them, right?


I want to light this candle and get the party started! I would like to fiery rage. And can I bust out in a straight sprint towards the pit fiend?


You can be replaced easily. When I played with them, we had seven drummers in two years. And I killed two of them. (laughter)


What? Oh that's a one, not seven, isn't it?


And I do have a map from the Slayer's Take that I could--


Didn't she just say a good crew? She just said to find a good crew.


So burned book and--


That hits. Uncanny Dodge.


Man! We should tear you apart limb from limb and see what fucking shakes out!


We could do some sort of a diversion, set a fire or something that would draw them out. Or set a fire to the house they live in.


To Gog over there.


Yeah, I know, I know.


You can do that?


I'd like to throw at her again, as well.


I'm going to make it a reckless attack, Great Weapon Master.


2d4 for every five feet.


Black tendrils? Okay, cool. That's my turn.


Jon's dice. 11 plus I think it's ten. Somewhere.


How will you get me into the library?


I'll be topless on Sam's one-shot. You can look at me instead.


Oh, I forgot about that. Jesus, sorry.


Yeah, I would--


I could fix it.


Or Dominate that shit.


Do you want to make some gold?


Nott, what was the last thing Caleb said?


That's very low. Very low. That is a five.


Guys, we're going to have problems soon. We should probably get out of here.


Any last tips, Cleff?


As opposed to that one.


Oh, it worked!


Yeah, I'll use another one.


I am going to do a bonus action to cast Healing Word on myself. Heal myself real quick. Same thing, I want to scoot back a little bit, behind that tree, a bit.


All right, well, when are we going to talk amongst ourselves?


Yes, but first, can I use a ritual spell? Does that work against-- Yeah. I can do ritual spells?


I don't have a healing potion.


Forever, the Herd will just say, Grog, that asshole.


Once we're in and water's covering it, we're not going to be able to get these stones away.


You've known me for years! You just met the broom!


That's what I said.


Five plus four. Nein.


We probably do. We should assume we have a leak.


No, I can see on the screen.


So once it's set in that motion, it'll continue to kill that thing.


I think that my plan should work.


And full hit points when you get healed.


It's clear, let's go! Ish!


I don't wanna mess up Grog. Just Tary and Doty.


We'll be in her temple.


Shift pods.


Nothing? He's definitely recovering naked. Fuck! Nothing.


It's not going to be good. Yeah, I rolled an 18.


That's really big.


Can you use the hit-- never mind.


Why did all those people want to rebel against her?


We are at the camp right now.


It's Yenk. (laughter)


Yeah, well we're pretty stupid. Do you know of a path?


Yeah, that's a great one.


Look, you're the regular. I'm the guest star. I can die, and it's fine.


Did we want to separate and go around and meet on the other side?


Kerr, do you know how to make armor be quiet? (laughter)


He's god.


You won't find anybody as good as us.


Pretty good for me. Pretty good for me. That's 14.


Ready! Aim!


I want to insight check Kima. (laughter)


I'm going to follow him.


Great. Okay. Where is-- can you point to Vex in that?


Yeah. There were four of them.


Sort of like an 80s fantasy novel cover.


Yeah, The Ass Sailor was the name of the-- Oh! You were in the bar! The bar was, yes, The Ass Sailor.


That was a good video.


No, you have all of your other stuff.


Do something!


I know we don't always agree, and I know that I can be unkind but... you know you're family, right?


I'm going to camp across the way from you tonight, if that's all right. Just 'cause it's a little weird, so.


The brigade, right.


This is a whole paper trail!


Oh, he backed up. Beautiful. So I take my staff and I crack it on the ground. Where I cracked it, little ice crystals start forming against the ground and start making ice and I'm going to cast Sleet Storm. I need a thing.


You were supposed to go to sleep.


We should start heading back. We probably won't get there in time. Wait, Percy said to meet in the west.


We have several vials of acid, actually.


With his belt that is bejeweled and his very bedazzled pauldrons and his--


Yeah, approximately.


2d6.


It's fitting, really. You can protect that plane. I'll be here to protect this one. I mean, if these past few days have taught us anything, it's death isn't the end. I just don't want to forget. If Sprigg could forget the names of his party members that he died alongside-- he ran-- never mind. What's going to happen in a hundred or hundreds or even a thousand years? I don't want to forget this. What if there comes a day when I don't even recognize the name Vox Machina anymore?


Go to the gate?


Yes. That's the name I gave them! That's as far as I got! Delete. Oh, there goes Caleb.


Where does your news come from?


(laughs triumphantly)


We've done what we needed. This is a one troll town, I think. Not a great time to be had here.


It is a magical sword. Thank you for reminding me. I'm going to roll three at a time to make life a little easier. That's 21, 22, and 23.


You know, in my room.


I'm into it. I like this plan.


I saw it peek out of your lip just now.


Yeah, he took damage from you.


(laughs) We're deputizing the guy we just freed?


You guys don't mind, do you?


Up away from the docks.


Can you move underwater?


Not at all. We're grateful for your help.


Molly. If the High-Richter tries to come back, you have to drunkenly distract her. Okay? You cannot let her come in this house.


Ugh. He's huge!


Maybe you would have gotten smarter. Maybe it's super fruit. Maybe it's acai berries.


I can't read it, but other people can?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


--oh, perception, seven. So 22


What a battle!


Yeah, it's nice.


Yeah. 1,200 for Bad News.


I just want to know if it's safe to heal her.


Just hurt him, just hurt him.


I sit. I pull out Bad News and I start to get a good look.


Yes! We're a couple, and he's our guard or something, I don't know.


I cast Transport Via Plants on the fucking tree!


I'll drink to that.


Why doesn't it wrap around to the back?


I cast Speak With Animals!


Whoever takes her home--


Outside of the field.


I don't abide by the rules. I walk my own path. Like a twister, I was born to walk alone.


I don't attack of opportunity, do I?


I would say it would be safe to assume that a prison in hell would be so big that there would be sayings such as 'as big as filling-- try attempting to fill a prison in hell.' I feel like this is just-- I think we're like walking into idioms, at this point.


We could ask about Vecna and her buddy that banished Grog.


You guys go plunder the loot. I'll creep over.


(sniff, sniff) I don't drink such piss water. I pour it out. I take out my own wineskin that I filled with the stone giant strength, and I chug it down.


And a row of carts, though, not a group.


Well, I happen to have a Blindness spell!


Sensory deprivation tank-style.


Grog learns. (laughter)


Control action.


As well as our dwarven compatriot to introduce us.


Did you cross the ocean to get here?


What does Grog look like?


I do have a Napoleon complex.


So concentrated.


Oh good, thank you.


Should we say our goodbyes to Orentha?


I'm amazed he didn't already have it out of the bag.


Everybody take five while we haggle.


Honestly, if Pike weren't here, I'd say fine, but... (sighs) How do you think I am, Pike?


You can do it, buddy!


I've had to deal with this shit so much.


Okay. Yeah, I'll do reckless, I'm sorry. I didn't say that before I rolled, so I'm not going to do it. Okay. I roll it again.


It's not what we did this for. It's fine. We're just glad he's home safe.


Yeah? Let's do that. Let's go practice. Let's have a group training session, you guys!


Up to six in a 40-foot cube.


And remember that, if you don't use magic, and especially you have one magic attack, don't try and use magic when the main eye is on you.


Can we undo its healing factor?


Don't hurt this thing. Help me wrestle it to the ground.


Well, you're still mist-form. That lasts for eight hours. You can mist back.


He can't tell us that.


I mean, more than normal.


Miss Jester, do you have a plan?


Natural 20, plus my 15 benefit, plus Pass Without a Trace. Poof! (vanishing sound)


Oh, yes.


Oh, yeah, you should give us a speech. How long does that last?


Yay, Pike!


Or did you throw it on the table and Matt snatched it up?


Scatlan.


A hydra attacking your city. We were merely following our conscience.


Oh wait, I want to back up.


Yeah, I agree. We would ask an entire town to come to a decision.


I touched it.


So that's intelligence plus my normal tinker check?


I can see him good enough though to shoot him?


I love how your fiddle noises were "beedle-deedle".


We were listening to the description of this insanity.


You messed everything up.


Not the magical items.


I don't know where I'm at.


And find out if this is the end of it, or if there's more.


I've been freed from my--


"I regret nothing!"


She escaped into the ziggurat, so she's no longer on this plane of existence, but some form of her, whether it's undead or otherwise, we're going to need to put it down again.


Here comes the fanart. I hope.


He's not a pirate.


I think it's our turn.


It shoots bees!


I go (boom) and I pull Grog through.


We don't know where they're at?


Oh, then there's no rush.


They were only going to wait for us a couple of days, and then they were going to head back.


I have moments.


That is-- these dice-- That's a 17.


(whispers) Your Grog is showing.


Are you actually the oldest among us?


First doors, then grass.


I pull out the scrying eye. Can I hold it out in front-- this is kind of flavor-- and I let it levitate in front.


Maybe it's best to not let people give him power, because the more people believe in him, the stronger of a god he becomes.


Yeah, I'm assuming that was a Potion of Haste.


Does Feeblemind end?


He mentioned going north and looking for other powerful entities and objects to bind with. And then Raishan thought it would be a good idea to settle down in Whitestone.


I'm just going to take it, a 14, that's not good enough.


Necromé?


How about that statue above the door?


Yeah, I'm a giant.


Tieflings?


Maybe we just get high enough that they can't get to us with the acid, and then we just fire things down at them.


Why did you burn all of your sorcerer points? We told you not to burn all of your sorcerer points. We don't have time to sit here and take a full rest.


But it's Delilah Briarwood.


We can do it when nobody's watching, okay?


Don't do that. I hate that sound. (laughter)


Oh shit, did we leave Trinket?


Okay. I immediately drop form and start falling.


I knew I didn't like the water.


Did he get out of the darkness?


We need a plan.


I pull out Mythcarver and run down the stairs!


We run!


I'm scared, I don't know which one to roll. Both my die have been rolling so bad.


Yes, tag Wizards of the Coast, please.


The ducks blessed you. And your birth and your survival.


We got to get out of here. Let's go!


And that's information we didn't have. And now we know. Great baby beast is not at the bottom--


Yeah, let's go look at one.


Yeah, it was a really bad-made wig. I mean, the hair looked good, but it was really obvious.


I will look at the coin for traps!


Man, that was going to be way cooler if we could still...


So it's going to screw up my arrows, so I was checking in. But yeah, it also says, "creatures in gaseous form can't pass through it."


Whoever plays him has to know you're going to get your ass kicked.


I'm looking for vendors. I'm looking for things that are amusing. Bright lights, colors.


Doty's going to click his boots of whatever. His boots of elven...


And there's a vault.


That's 60 feet.


Don't hit Trinket!


I did. But they found out and the punishment for that is death, and they killed her and I ran away, so I... I am a coward, I guess.


Get over it!


DM, you're describing those platforms, but then there are passageways further leading in.


And they got really good stuff. You got your t-shirt from Loot Crate, Voltron.


I didn't have a funeral for you.


Is it evil?


I am absolutely sure dragons are real; I've killed two of them.


That's unexpected.


First, is everybody who they say they are? Please, if you would be so kind.


I'm going to gather the swords and the crossbows and put them in the cart.


Oh, dang.


Yeah. They'll never know who we were.


I going to aim and--


It could be the same portal or they could both be within view of the tower.


18 plus two is 20.


It's gonna be fun.


That requires somebody who knows things.


He's a fish! That'll help him.


It sounds beautiful.


I like this. I'm going to have it drawn up.


(stage-whispering) We're playing pretend.


No. Maybe one or two of them. Ipess?


What are you doing to me?


Do you have any bunkbeds?


No, I didn't really go that far deep in, with the gators and some shadows moving around. I know a little magic, but I've never fought before, so.


Okay, I'll make that work.


I jump off and parkour off.


You just established that I was next to you.


What dice are you using?


What do I do with it? I already picked it!


Man, they can't touch me. I'm up in the air, yo.


Kuthrek.


Your intelligence is higher now, after Ioun. Don't forget your Ioun papers!


And they're already inside?


A beholder, I would imagine, is the worst.


What about on a ten?


You're stage-whispering and that's very easy to hear.


That's very noble of you. Yeah.


Drool and eyeliner and dirt.


Is it a treeline? Are we into trees?


Oh, well, never mind. He's got it.


Tary, I ripped it up about two weeks after you moved in.


Am I over here, or am I over here? Perhaps we could take a pee break here and proceed further into the mines.


Get the fuck out!


I'll have a snowflake, please.


Yes, so who are you for real?


I don't know if they'll send anything back on Dolan, but we should find a way to get crownsguard into Lord Sutan's place.


I don't think putting him in the water's gonna help us very much.


Really? I've got lots of money.


Kryn.


Freedom, baby! Man, I hate to use this so early in the--


All evidence to the fucking contrary.


And, of course, we would happily pay you for any type of additional services you might be able to help us out with.


It is. Tree Stride just rolls off the tongue easier.


One of the dragons was green?


Well, Jester, doesn't it glow?


No, I told him-- I didn't give him a price, actually.


I just gave it to back-blades over here.


I'm going to move forward. I'm going to actually move toward the corner where Keyleth is.


You're making this shit up.


I will shift back to my regular self. You make a good point, but this place is not making Nila happy.


DM, you said three or four, five hours for Jester to do all of that gator carving before?


A new enemy on the map.


Maybe we can go somewhere and they will make a coat exactly like that coat with all the same pockets, only it won't have the holes in it.


Ah, couldn't see her behind the wall.


How many hit points did you have?


Like bears? They're not bears.


(Pumat voice) Respectfully, we are.


Against Percy, Grog--


Maybe we should ask.


Oh no, he's pulling things out!


Element of surprise.


I just thought of four people that fit that bill and decided not to say any of their names.


Can I have your last four pay stubs, please? (laughter)


Like you, with the keg.


17 more announcements, guys.


For Divine Strike.


There are no elves here. My mother was a human. Do you want to go right now?


(whimpers)


Wherever I move your head, just tilt that way.


Correct. Annis hag or Gran Metalik?


We all sleep together; it's a polyamorous thing. (laughter)


Bad-ish.


It's insta-dog.


I can, if you guys-- I can shoot. I got a shoot-y thing. I can shoot them.


What would we leave? I don't want them able to scry on us.


But only because you are.


So it's all going to be terrible.


From Kentucky, it's sure-ooh-ken.


You had to imagine the synths.


There are facets of you that have nothing to do with me.


Lighting, open flame of any kind?


Listen, we are kind of heading in that direction.


Are we touching at all?


Might have ended up in storage.


-- inward?


What's our favorite video games? Oh that's a hard question.


It's a lot!


Stealth checks! Stealth checks!


Yes! Yes, I can draw all the penises I want on him!


The white one that we killed, or the white one that we also saw?


What are those words?


Can I do something?


Oh, every time?


I'm going to go and try and find out. I'm going to and try and find out!


Who knows? She doesn't have a bed.


Yep, yep. It's definitely because of that. Look at this sewer! Is that real wet?


But they treated us very badly and we needed to get out of there.


I dunno if this laser pointer's going to work, since there's now a wall in the way. I'm going to go up the side-- I'm going to hit my heel against the other heel--


I know. We own more than my tribe owns.


Oh, that's not too bad.


I'll have to think about this.


You know, let's just attack just 'cause.


Question. That chamber in the center of the room, does it go all the way to the ceiling, or is it--


That's a medical condition for a goliath.


The blanket vanished into the shadow as well, it's now just a shadow. I've put it back in its hiding place.


I wanna go upstairs and just open the door and keep an eye out of it for just a little bit and see what I see out the doorway.


Does he?


Oh, which one?


So true.


But we took care of it.


No, it only gets filed away in some library where no one else can experience it except for, what, one, maybe two people ever.


Yeah, he's here. He's still here. We can't see him.


No, they might. We don't know they will.


The ring of protection?


Yeah. Pretty sure we did.


Plus 11.


I think two crow's nests for the shooters.


For once he doesn't have a Batman card.


Put a pair of Birkenstocks on its branches.


Skill challenge.


25,000, sorry. While we're there, House Thunderbrand. We've procured a few items, or at least one, while we were down in the Underdark. We should return there and talk to them and perhaps in exchange for gold, perhaps have them enchant the carpet to fly again.


Was that my fault this time? it was a mild combination. I might have contributed.


Another Vestige.


Just give us a topic.


So we should just keep freaking being careful and keep going towards the giant thing.


Does it get a lot of sun?


I'm sure we're fine.


I appreciate that, Caleb, but I've got my own way of doing it.


Thanks, Jester. (death rattle)


Those sounds are just awful. Oh shit, he got some movement.


Does Eyes of the Grave show anything here?


Bring back the history lesson, though. So pampered, young, everything you could ever want--


You can feel the tension.


Did you see that? He had a sign, and then things happened.


Why don't we set up the mansion in Wilhand's house, we'll go and run our errand, and we'll come back and he'll have gotten the kitchen all up to spec.


To the Feywild. How big is the Feywild? Is it like a football field?


That's nothing.


But you could, he's saying you could have your advantage on that.


Of course, would you like a drink? Are we allowed to drink in here? Why are you carrying around a cup?


Travis is using magic.


I heard the whole story between games, I don't really-- you should just know--


She did have an old lady smell.


And then, (noises).


I was watching, and then I saw him walk out of the tree of sorts, and I think it's him, and he's obviously naked.


Is that the same roll?


I got you these flowers.


It's the next day.


Plus ten. 31!


No, to kill or to capture the--


And you're dipping?


I assumed that... Yes?


I'd have to pull it out.


Wait, an actor prepares. Who am I? What's my motivation? Am I Odell? If so, why does Odell have the sphere with him?


That's a long time.


Eyes closed?


Oh, I'd love company, actually, just in case.


Where are-- are we in Whitestone?


I'm going to run over to the window that those guys disappeared from.


(spell effect)


I open it.


Make it so.


We do. We have to use the cover of the buildings.


I thought you already considered paid up in a way. I don't know.


And then Thordak comes to check on our dead bodies?


That will do.


The Braving Grounds. We were just in the pub. I mean, that was just a backyard brawl, basically. He's talking about going to the temple.


Come on, you stupid opal dice!


Crush the nuts.


The plan then is sleep and then we go to Shorecomb. And then we go under this volcano to the anvil?


I'll stay 15 feet behind him.


I am very, very nervous that somebody is going to die when we fight this dragon.


Sorry, we're trying to remember the very first game of D&D we ever played and Keyleth, twins, Grog were there.


There's a shit-load of skeletons behind us.


I concentrate for a minute, and I go into the ground.


Are we close to any of the other two that are at the bottom?


Especially considering you said the Richter was already pretty corrupted. Seems like assassination attempts in reverse wouldn't be out of her bailiwick.


Which does work.


22 for my investigation.


Can I go farther around? Just as far around as I can-- yeah.


No. What's right by the figure?


Jesus, that scared the shit out of me.


I'm going to put my finger in the hole.


She got it at preschool.


While we're walking, it's going to be about a ten-minute walk? Is it insane to--?


Squish.


Let's see. Bidetsday.


I could roll an extra damage die, and it would be for that crit. The 19.


Here, you can see it right here. You're that little red ring right there, and then your two followers are right there. If you have anything that goes in a cube, you'd be fine. Do you have anything that's a cube shot?


You're not listening, it'll just happen.


So what time is it? It was nighttime, right? Or was it midday?


Wait, from what?


It fit.


They're all entangled, yeah?


Where we're going is a bit dangerous, we should warn you.


21, so half 21 would be 11.


This one. The one on your left.


Hey, four!


Giveaway time!


I don't want to really announce our presence if there's somebody out there. I don't know.


I miss. I got a nine.


What about-- I want to get off the street. I'm tired of walking. We've been walking all--


Grog is gone.


His son is--


Caleb is not within 30 feet of me either, is he?


It doesn't do anything.


We want to get into this place, right?


So funny!


Woo! Good leadership! (laughter)


There might be.


We need to keep drinking, but also eating, so where's the closest place to do that?


And happy to be one.


Just letting you know that coin always helps, but we did see the posting outside the King's Hall about uprisings against the Empire. It seems the heat on your group might be quite intense.


Can you put us down somewhere, maybe?


What's wrong with us?


Nearly killed. Does it talk about any of the people who were nearly killed but weren't?


We're going to fight him.


Important note  Laura Bailey has texted in that she hates us all.


In-character?


My armor is fire set.


I hold up my hand and say  Show me what you have learned (all laugh)


What if a Zhelezo ship comes around and arrests Yasha? We can at least get--


It's gonna be great!


Is it? Is it bigger than the first one?


Little hair of the dog? Yeah?


I can't kill Kynan, and I apparently can't kill anyone today.


Can I go next? And help him out?


Because it makes him seem smart.


I do gain its armor class.


Should we just take a break or something?


It's not reckless?


I'm always a fan of going down.


We should take a short rest. A breather, yeah.


I wonder if the new proprietor knows there is a dead person in the basement.


If I could--


19! Oh! And I didn't add plus 20 to both of those! Plus 20 overall because of the sharpshooter.


