(singing) Hello Seattle! It's a song.


Oh! That didn't help. 12 for me.


That's so thoughtful.


We can still interrogate him. He doesn't have to be alive for that. Any other problems?


I'm going to add my Scanlan. 15.


Fred, get that, sign it.


Is that good enough for your message?


She's just a little thing!


So much better alive than dead.


Looking for traps, dead guys, from the door.


Well, we're going to fix that as well.


Let's see if you're even going to need me to mass cure.


Unless-- No judgment if you want to--


(shouting) Oh god, stubbed my toe!


I will leave you with a parting gift. I will leave you with a grove of trees that should be ever-growing and present.


So here's my question. If we don't turn in the crystal eyeball--


Third one? 20.


She doesn't really throw sharp, pointy things. This would be good for you, big guy.


We need a distraction, though. That's the only thing I took away from what we saw.


I know. I don't know what it means!


With what now?


To the two ladies?


Do you crit on a 19?


It's like a platformer.


19 total.


Okay, seven.


--without killing Beau, because we can't attack it?


Hey, Marisha.


Oh we're set.


Smoke everybody outside that bitch.


Second one is a 20.


No, I heard she was saying how much she admired you, and he was saying, "Er. I don't think I feel it as much," and she was like, "No, really, Dad, you just need a chance to really talk to him," and he was like, "No, just believe me, I did talk to him, and I don't feel that way."


I kick it with my foot to move it out of the way.


I've got inspiration and d4, right?


Are Vex and I still separated?


Well, I got to write some shit in this office, but it's up to y'all.


It's just the standard Prismatic Spray spell.


Athletics check, goddammit Matt!


I was just thinking the same thing.


DC 15.


Can you put the first one up again, because we didn't get the Pamela Joy title-- yeah. It's the only one we missed. They were so instrumental and did such a lovely job.


Hm, hm hm hm. So I'm still attached?


I'm going to go back to Pumat's. I'm going to buy that damn shield.


I gingerly enter.


Yeah, one hundred percent, a terrible idea. A building that everyone is trying to avoid in town. 17.


And add another guard to the watch.


Yeah, we said we came in the temple with them.


I feel like we've rented a ship before.


Who's on first?


That was so metal.


I have no lights up, so I should be at disadvantage, right?


Everything we just did. Definitely had a long string of-- sounded like convincing yourself and maybe the rest of us and I just wondered how much you actually believed it, or how much you're trying to convince yourself that you didn't fuck up real bad.


Just maybe-- just like a touch then.


This is such a bad idea.


(whispering) That's why I'm blue!


To get the reaction, yeah.


Okay. They're just huddled together, you said?


Oh, maybe we should just not touch the mist and go straight through the room.


I'm doing my daily preparations. I had to pluck my eyebrows, I had to comb my hair. My unmentionables needed to be washed and--


The daisy chain.


You want to steal the doors?


This is going to be great! I'm on board and committed to this. This is very exciting!


That's a lot of words.


Do that Divine Intervention thing again. That was really good.


I'm going to stand closer to Bren. I'm disappointed in you, Mr. Fjord!


Okay. Oh, 25.


No, I hope not. I think it differs from day to day, depending on what I'm doing. Do you think I'm a bad guy?


No killing.


He said two people are flanking him.


Were we supposed to be pretend-- yeah, sure.


I have two more.


Thanks, everybody, for talking over my fucking announcement.


Don't get Sneak Attack, all right. Three, ten, then. That's the first attack. And the second one also hits, that's a 29.


Do I need to roll again? We're all going to roll again in a moment?


You'll have to teach me that trick. And then I Dimension Door us out onto the street.


Try it!


Chocolate dipped strawberries, champ-pag-nay.


How much damage did he just do with one turn?


So is that something, just a question, that I would do now or maybe in the battle?


Yes...


Use the dice! Use the dice!


What's going on? Why am I like this? Where am I?


Well, we've slept in blanket forts before.


I'm staying and I'm holding my attack until something runs out of my door.


"You are an idiot. Ugh, why did I make a satanic deal with you? Your everlasting soul isn't worth this bullshit. I, Mephistopheles, hereby release you from our pact. Go on, live your life without my constant help and sense of humor. Sam Riegel, I, Satan, am done with you." (slamming)


No. I think we've brought them to a port of great business. If they choose to stay here, they certainly can. Otherwise, they'll have to wait until we're leaving again.


- contract.


That had a lot of conviction behind it.


I join in with everybody else. Yeah, did you see that, Kern's fighting Philip!


Help action!


And then Oskar falls in love with her! And he carries her across a field, and they love each other so much!


I like Orly. Yeah, okay.


What are you going to do with the cat?


I'm not moving. I'm like this!


Yeah, and you're here with us now.


I'm in a lot of trouble, you guys.


Literally or figuratively?


Not now, Kiki. And I just keep going.


I wandered through the halls of our extensive library many nights. Read many books about adventure--


Is he talking to Vex? Are they talking together?


That die's so much better.


Let's go get shitfaced. Come on!


Can we stealthily head towards a pocket of people? Do we see a crowd of people being held?


Put your hands down.


Yeah, let's run. I'm just running. Keyleth's running.


Two weeks is not a bad test run for companions. If we don't like it, we part ways in Zadash.


Oh, this is a bit much.


Fuck. I don't see Jester; she's not here.


What the flipping fuck, man.


All the vital stuff's below the belt.


I have never been more sure of anything in my life. I want you to have him, and I want you to take care of him.


Nobody's near it anymore, right?


Try not to get your dick bit by a rat.


Oh, she's not a good sneaker.


So your prediction is that we have to slog our way through the outskirts of Emon to fight him on his home turf. Is that about the size of it?


Got to start somewhere.


Nope, just acid.


Fucked!


By what?


Five dollars?


The ruckus is audible all the way down the block, so I turn myself into a half-orc woman and pick up Nott like my baby and put her head on my shoulder and start walking towards the building.


Everyone's remembering their blessings and all the cool shit they do?


Drop it, drop it, good boy!


What if we purchased a carriage?


Is there another way out?


I'm not done yet. I slap him. Just get on this, will you? (Travis snarls)


This is what Dungeons & Dragons is all about.


15 plus Fury of the Small. 19.


Okay. Yes, I will. I would also like to find a smithy of some sort and make me a little metal choker of chainmail.


No! Shut up. Four and-- pretty good.


The Frostweald is--


It was really cool with green.


Tary, it's a pleasure. This is the castle I live in, this is my sister's castle, except of course, she's lovely. Cassandra de Rolo.


Turn around!


People speak very, very highly of your abilities. Can I assist him?


What?! What the fuck?!


Thanks. I really enjoyed the idea of that.


So 30 plus five, 35.


Can somebody go pull that thing out, and then I will put this one in?


This is my neighborhood. I feel comfortable.


We had two extra horses.


(huffs) True. (laughter)


Maybe we should vote on this. Should we give it to me? Who says aye?


Only in a glass volcano. No, I think it will melt.


"Kill them all, you say?"


I'm all right. I'm only down five hit points.


Oh my god! You didn't give any of us funerals?!


Now I just want to do Hamilton with all our character voices.


Okay, then I guess I should just--


Well, let's not downplay the bow.


My only other thought of how it could be useful, at this point, with what we know about it--


Did they take over Whitestone? Are they still there?


Were you guys trying to stealth? Is that what happened?


Yay, maps!


That seem to be the direction we're heading right now?


Number one, that assortment of dwarves and some of your friends and ogres over there on the other side of the chasm. Is that something that we need to face headlong, or can we maybe surpass them, trying to find K'varn, or this temple that you speak of?


They were worth a lot more than what she was offering, just for the record. They are worth so much more.


Oh, fuck a duck.


She might be.


He knows this. He's making origami.


Wait, are you saying that the Briarwoods corrupted him?


Oh, thank you. I'll go in there.


I would eat there all the time.


Can you kill them?


How far away are we from the main island? Is it like DUMBO to Manhattan distance?


There's shadow? What shadow is he using?


I'm wearing my ring of mind-shielding, by the way.


What language is it?


That's right, we get union discounts.


Yeah. We should really go take a nap, I think we should go take a nap.


But also, you've mentioned in the past that you are an expert forger.


Oh, boy. Harold?


Oh! And why not? I'll use Fury of the Small! Add another two points.


Damn it. Those were high. Okay.


I so want to meet your mom.


Yeah, here you go.


I'm just going to start making stuff up.


Oh, yum!


I grab his tongue.


All I know is my mansion spell has been ticked off. So I used it at least once in the last 47 hours.


I was already really low.


I guess I just - I've always respected you and looked up to you, and... you're a cleric of Sarenrae, but you still seem to be very much in control of your life and your destiny, and you seem to know where you're going. (boxes fall offscreen)


Is he the one haggled with you? The one you traded all of our--?


You do look pretty strong. I mean, you're just a little bit bigger than me, but I still think I could probably take you.


He's very rich. I'm sure his family is just looking for him.


Yeah. Sleep is never gonna happen.


This is the next one, I found it, where I am!


No. That's a fancy inn.


I land next to my brother. You wanted to talk to me. Why?


I listen.


That's Uncanny Dodge.


That's a really high drop!


Again? Yes.


I'm going to stay where I am. And I'm going to just call out: you're being really stupid, obviously. You are outnumbered. You are frozen. You should probably just, you know, give up.


You still have it, though.


Now I'm going to Hunter's Mark him and I'm going to hit him again. Can I do that?


I'm afraid of getting nauseous, actually.


That's a lot of feet. So many feet. Look, if I've learned anything about important people, it's that they can't resist putting shit down on paper. I guarantee you, there's something in her office.


How big are the bevels, that have the relief of the 12--?


It's just jewelry.


Oh, sure. Wait, which one was it?


You have an actual set?


Long as I can reasonably remember at the very least. It's been a while. It's nice. I like it. They're good people. Work hard.


I don't appreciate this. At all. I feel like I'm being singled out because I'm a woman. (laughter)


This is what I did the first time through the campaign, so that's what I gotta do this time!


Vorak, Desona, come!


Oh. Okay. I was going to say I think you could do better, but anyway.


We can probably flag down a wagon, too.


Oh, I saw your bird!


You know, I want to thank you. You could have told any of these people anything about me and you have not.


Can we pass by the Alcove?


Oh, well. It's a really long story. Can I tell you all about it?


(hissing) Save friends!


Do we know how far away the Frostweald is from here?


To be fair, we've only been here 12 minutes.


I'm going to check out the very first, the closest body to the exit.


Hurns doesn't play for them yet.


That is awful. I leave, I can't watch, I go and look for chicken.


Fly around 90 seconds and swoop back down.


Well, I wanna see if I can upgrade the knuckles, so I'm gonna start using them.


(counting) 25 to hit. That hits.


That's redundant.


That really hurt.


Starburns! Do it!


Ugh! It's never good!


What kind of devil are you?


Tell him "heck, nah" rhymes with Vecna, if it helps at all.


Soma. See, now was that so hard? Did that take you being fucking rude?


He is falling!


There was an incident, in which we scared many innocent people and assaulted several guards, and they shot us with crossbows, and we are bleeding.


I want some wing.


He gets his armor back. But you don't have the shoes, okay?


It's been here an awful long time now. We don't even know if they created it or if they found it.


I'll start them going too, so that wont be a thing for very long.


(whispering) Oh, that's cool.


The big guy that you're under.


Somehow she knows you, you always do this.


All right, I'm going to phase through the ground because I can. And pop up right there next to Grog.


Yeah. (counting)


Guys, why don't we just LAN party and only play as characters we voice?


Fjord, you're really good at making chili.


Get those Boots of Levitation. Get them on! Fly up, because I just rolled a fucking zero. Literally a zero.


You know what you should say, say that the sermon guy, whoever I am, tell them I need some quiet time in the temple.


Okay. I jump on your back now?


Yeah, no, look, the sand pit was, I think I need to comb it after you use it.


But my wisdom's not bad, so 12?


I sit down next to her, too. (whispers) Should we just wait till the morning?


Truth.


But doesn't that sound like too much?


There's a dick, and he's naked.


Too much for me.


I'm skinnier than your broom.


Maybe it only takes three?


Hide behind your giant robot.


We just can't be here.


Wait. Yeah, Nogvurot is right where we're going. We're going past Shady... Shadycreek.


And do you have anything for adventuring underwater or for helping to breathe in tight spaces?


She rolled with Molly.


240 feet. That gets us 480 total feet possible in two hours. Halfway.


Is there a marshmallow center?


And yes, we did roll for our starting stats.


Clamp space?


Sorry. (laughs) Carry on.


(singsong) Then for my bonus action I'm going to swing around with the-- oh, I can see now! But I still can't see anything that's around there.


Oh, it's closed?


Who do you want to take? You pick your dodgeball team.


You just keep singing, I'll keep taking books. We've got not enough time.


Can I bonus action? No, this is a single sneak attack action.


Come on! Come on, girl!


Okay, I will send a little Firebolt off and try to strike it. It's at disadvantage, correct? Okay, that's very bad. Also very bad. That's a ten.


Oh, is that why you're stationed here? Is this by choice, or who'd you piss off?


Man, you did great! You knocked that guy clear off!


However, I use my relentless rage, now at a DC 15.


So what? So does Scanlan's mustache.


Well, that was the wailing one. The guy said it was the wailing one.


Stitches get-- eh snitches get stitches. Stitches are just--


Whatever 50 feet will cover.


That's the most beautiful one.


I don't think there's anything you can say.


What a picture you just painted. That was lovely.


Nott, I would leave it at your discretion. We all have the ability to travel under the waves with great ease.


He will live.


Don't lie to us anymore!


I don't know. We'll find out.


Sorry! Is that blessed holy water? I'm sorry. I'll pay for that.


Opposite of him so I can, like, hide behind the pool.


Has there been any eyes on the green dragon here recently?


We should start with one god and see how it goes.


Feels like money, money, money.


I had six.


We're out of the room.


Why do we care what's in the-- oh, man.


Let's keep on going.


So the first one does, and that is-- okay, that's the lowest this could possibly be. Seven plus nine, 12, 16, 17, 24.


All of us or just--?


I'm sorry, guys.


Shit. There's barely anything I can do.


Wow, that's pretty cool.


You suck, Korn!


I have read a lot of books. Lots of them. Have I ever read anything about the science of larger insectoid creatures?


Not long, Cassandra.


Wait! I'm just going to take a quick minute to stare into the eternal abyss of the dodecahedron.


I rolled 22.


Enchantment.


That's two zeros.


Get those out of the way now.


How many of us?


It's not terrible.


I guess a little shortsword-y blade, I guess, to get in there? Or I have--


I didn't want to disturb your announcements.


Hooray!


Oh, well, that's fair. (laughter)


Do not yell at my bear.


Okay, well, hold on a second. Just wear my cat as a scarf. And she digs-- dammit, my cat was a girl, but-- never mind. He digs his claws into Nott's neck and hangs in.


So I just want you and I, you and me especially, to be on the same page because we have been for months now, ja? You are my friend, I want you to be with me, and I want us to live. We have done a lot with these people, and if we can finesse this and do it in a way that does not throw our lives in the fire, there is more to be achieved. We will help you get to where you want to get, and myself, together. We will work together with these people.


With a little-- I turn to her, and I start singing. (sings) And I raise my hand to Lyra and say that you could use some Scanlan today. Tonight I give you a d10. (laughter)


Really high.


Technically, he was on the broom with me, so I could've dropped him off with one of you before I flew down to Velora.


My actions affect other people. Fuck.


She's coming! I can hear her coming.


(sings) Light the corner of my mind.


I'll have her hold on to my belt as we swim.


Everybody get up!


"I abandoned my troop!"


I will, I promise. We'll write letters.


I rolled a 25.


What! Who? Axio?


Ah! I try to find a position.


Holy shit you guys I just figured out how we can save 30 minutes.


Oh, it's right here.


Right, sorry. We come with grim tidings. Vecna is at large, and we mean to take him down.


Once you're in, you're stuck.


Is it like a hurricane or something?


Bigby's Hand will attack and strike.


Can I check her to see if she's still breathing?


That's the symbol of the Raven Queen.


That was a 6th-level spell?


Leave them to rest in peace.


I could maybe try to leap from the sides of the hole or something.


So like, two birds, one stone?


I saved your life.


And the Cliffkeep is not too far from Whitestone?


Oh crap!


Yeah, he gets two attacks because of Bestial Fury. Gosh darn it! That one's good, okay. He bites the shit out of him.


Okay. I'm going to use my bonus action to-- can I sneak attack this thing from inside? I'm inside him! That's very surprising!


Can I retroactively Counterspell? (laughs)


Well yeah, he's a good friend. He watches out for me, I watch out for him, you know. We're a good team. Like you and Caleb.


Oh no, what's flying?


It's pretty nice, isn't it?


It's not awesome, but it's not horrible.


Oh no, Pike, but you're already so little!


This is mindblowing.


I crack my knuckles, intimidate them a bit from behind.


Oh! I'm sorry! You do look so lovely, though.


Fucking shit! So I start tearing down the hallway as far as me little legs can carry me.


Nice. 20.


Would the Taskers have more of a stake?


I find you charming.


Percy is just perfectly reasonable.


I'm going to action row!


Pressure!


All right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll heal myself-- sorry, for another Healing Word level two-- last level two spell.


Molly, do you need to pray over your swords? I don't know how often--


I look at Keyleth, and I fucking heal her. (laughter)


Just let him believe it.


It is pretty funny.


Not necessarily. It became a habit.


I lean into Percy and I say  this guy's not a threat. He's okay.


Who? TRAVIS. Molly.


Jewels?


Oh, good call.


I think the one that I'm the most nervous about receiving in the mail is necrotic. (laughter)


Everything but the dodecahedron.


That does hit. I'll use Uncanny Dodge on it.


Oh, Jesus. Okay. That was not a lot of flourish there, but 17!


Aboleth?


He's a dick, he can take care of himself.


Lovely weather today, isn't it?


What did you agree to?


Those two flanking the big boss are just guards, right? They're just standard-issue guards?


At the helm.


Wow, I haven't heard of that one.


So I went to Vasselheim. Actually, I was looking for you, you little shitstack. And I was like, hey, I've got an idea! (explosion) Boom! In my head!


Do you need help getting the boat-- ship sailing? Ship moving? Whatever.


I have come to pay a debt, and I do so gladly and without question. What would you have of me?


Take the damn laser pointer.


Over top of her shoulders to the giant barbarian behind her? Hopefully?


Oh, yes. DC 15, plus damage on the hit.


They never flew.


Go somewhere where?


D'oh! That's a ten.


I approve of this decision-making.


Does he look cold? I'm going to give him my stone, I'm going to give him my stone of resisting cold.


In a way, it doubled in its level.


We're gonna eat it.


You guys know where he's taking me.


Those are good! Those are great!


No, I think you're great.


Kynan? Little shit.


Child, where's your parents? Do you have one?


I know, in lizard form.


Man, your jail is full tonight.


Oh no! Is he going to melt?


Yeah, turn into a batwing.


Wait, wait, wait, wait, can I cast War God's Blessing to give him a plus ten?


Yeah, and we got hard information from them!


He was a white dragon!


Fresh start in the morning.


"... leave." (laughter)


Not him. But he does.


I don't know. Because he had-- Maybe we should have found him somebody else.


Dead people, that's who.


Do you know of anyone that has traversed more of the Feywild, that would know of what we might expect?


If you get a Heisman trophy, will you do Sportsball: The Show?


Can I do an uncanny dodge for any of that? That's just for melee attacks?


62. I rolled pretty low.


When she leaves, I look to the mirror in my room and I'm like red-faced, and I stare at myself, like dead expression, for a good 30 seconds. (laughter)


There are dogs? (gasps) What kind of dogs are they?


Pike, you wouldn't happen to have a thousand gold-worth chalice on you, would you?


I will move backwards. By a lot. And have I seen the tiefling?


Oh, you say that now. Let's see how this goes. First the damage, which is not bad. 16 points of normal damage and 11 points of psychic damage, and he's prone.


Yeah. What do they call it? Never mind.


Time's a-wasting, Scanlan, let's go.


He didn't know the answer to the last one. So he might not know the answer.


Scanlan, stop being creepy!


No, no, no. That was the first time, and then I came back and won my vengeance. Right?


And I land on him and I say, Kevdak has fallen. Will you let Strongjaw rise? And I hold my action to attack if they come at me.


(laughing) I love you guys.


Ow, ow!


Turn it back on.


She's so evil.


You don't want to curse it, right.


Wait, I'm level six now, right?


No coin.


Walk off into the sunset, credits roll, they turn right.


Good luck. I think you're going to do great. These guys will take care of you.


Advantage!


It's their nature.


--I mouth "Kima" at everybody, and then pull my sister down.


Where did you get those coins?


It's great.


The roof is wet.


Damn it, girl!


Oh my god. His name is the Doctor. (laughter)


Help. Right here. Are we underwater, or are we on top of the water? We're just dying.


Just tell us what they are! Just say it out loud! Just say it!


Did you see Kaylie and Gilmore?


For sure. I'll check for traps. 18. Investigation.


I'm past my prime.


I could get down with that.


Yes! Once I track down the ship. I kind of swim up and I say, Tary can you catch-- this might be bad. Do I see any type of-- what are they called? Cleats. The ship cleats. Do I see anything like ship cleats? Right?


Oh, right. Sorry.


59.


So it has roots. It appears to be plant-based?


No, 18; 20 total.


Don't forget to use the promo code CriticalRole.


Wait, but -


That's copyrighted, I'm well aware.


I appear on the platform. I look around and say, hey kids, you just fucking couldn't leave well enough alone. And I'll take the falchion and I'll shove it in the ground and cast Thunder Step!


I'm, like, a distant cousin to all this. (laughter)


The jade necklace


I turn to Pike and Vex and go, hey! Hey! Underwater tea party!


Hey, look! I found a hole.


No! I'd rather she never know.


We put in a lot of work. If you wanna do more, you can tell the children of Westruun, personally--


Yeah, would you mind? I've never done that before, but the last one I had talked to me.


That's a deep callback, wow.


I look in the other chamber. Is she in there?


How'd you sleep, aside from the crappy bed?


I was just talking about Polymorph.


The three columns are very similar, there's nothing unique, the pattern within them doesn't deviate too much?


Hunter's Mark. Can I sense anything about where he is?


Come on, Beau!


That's true. But they're beautiful.


It's not infinite?


Teeny tiny little piece of shit!


Toll the Dead is the bomb!


This is like 127 Hours, except with a gun.


Oh shit, you can see him?


Whose turn is it?


Do you also do braids?


No, I feel like we've been playing it very safe, it's just been that the world has been taking risks.


Ready, Stubby?


Just a general intelligence check? 23.


I mean, it's your city.


I thought you had him. I clearly said when you came up, watch the guy with the black feet. What'd you do?


Why didn't you pay for our rooms with all your money?


And we fill up our wineskins with water.


Okay. Listen.


Pretties?


Well, I have no interest in being a leader, do you?


You said seven stories, so it's like room, downgrade, room, downgrade, room?


The best part of that was that you were totally out of the blast range, and you were like, "I want to go be there when they open up the sarcophagus." (explosion)


30 for Pike. 29 for me.


I cast Disguise Self, and I turn myself into a crownsguard.


Okay. Perception. 14.


I'm going to look at it.


I'm taking a shot there.


Is Kima still around?


This may kill him.


Nope, the Ki'Nau. They're the followers of Uk'otoa, right?


Regular roll.


And also, he actually pulled you out of the cavern with one arm while you were stone. Out of the whole place.


I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari and this is Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III.


Apologies for our poor timing. Hopefully we weren't interrupting?


They're going to kill him, though.


Beard check, please! Three. Five.


You get a grit point back, you get a grit point back!


The Many is who we want to speak to.


You mean surviving being held hostage, surviving an ambush and being pelted with arrows?


Pointy chin. Got it.


Yeah, this explains so much.


We don't actually know his voice.


Your AC is two higher.


Plus, it sounds like, gauging by this letter, someone's going to catch up with us sooner or later looking for whatever's inside of you.


I'm going to cast Invisibility on myself and poke my head out the door. Yeah, that'll work.


What are we doing, actually?


I cast Blindness on him.


Just hanging out! Going for a trip, you know? Seeing the world.


Oh, white! Do we have any white bits left?


We've gotta be frugal, even though we don't have to be, we should be.


Yeah, because if we come out looking like rats, then out we will go.


We've got a lot of people down there we know.


We don't here; we do in Whitestone.


Guys, I think these are undead rats.


Don't punch him, don't, no.


But they said they got these stones from the other side, from our realm.


Is that like an elven word?


There's seven of us and one of us is Grog!


Seven points?


We have a lot to do.


Father Dwondaff Pierce?


Oh shite.


My god, all of our money’s gone.


So I just spend five feet of my movement?


It's going to be really hard to do it on the 3rd.


Yeah, and you'd be safe in the boat. Surrounded by water in the ocean.


But you're back.


Oh god, he's going to eat my—


Look at all that--


We were freaking out all for two weeks straight.


A busy beaver.


Hold, hold on. Before he does that, I cast prestidigitation, and I clean it up real quick.


Careful where you're walking, little man.


I'm by the door though.


Perv on, MacDuff. Perv on.


Yeah, can I back up into the house and close the door?


I want to look and see if he's around us, though.


Exactly. Anything? Any reactions?


Hey guys. (laughing)


I think you're supposed to stick your hand in it, Grog.


Or about the Calamity or something.


I'd love to be shown. I have a dance!


We'll be fine, Tary.


Looks like mine.


Okay. Shall we?


You can get through the Wind Wall.


You're not in the room.


Were these desert ducks?


Right. So. Just hold on.


I feel like she would be great at it. Would you even be interested in maybe running a bakery? Or is that something that just sounds like the most dreadful thing in the world?


I have some rusty instruments.


No it's-- I'm okay with it, I'm rolling with it.


Yeah! You know it.


Many people don't take kindly to a red dragonborn by the way. I just thought it was best. We're in a new town and it was standard protocol whenever we visit a new town. My apologies.


Do you get a reaction? Do you have anything?


He was real brave.


We brought back the crystal so he could make this thing.


Did any of his friends get out?


Can giants become vampires?


Plus ten, 38.


But I did see where this flashing source was?


We should get back to the Song and Supper Inn.


Yeah, I don't know, it's a weird political issue, hiring someone in the system.


Now that the leader's dead, who's the de facto leader here? Speak up, be bold!


I know the Starosta here. He'd probably would have some say.


The temple that you won't set foot in.


At least you hit it, you got to bleed it a bit. Longshot.


Oh, you don't think she'd believe me?


What will you do with it?


Can I --


Maybe we do separate into smaller groups and try to stealth it.


Okay. I yell out  Issylra!


A Draconian does not vote.


What's with your eye?


As they go, I quickly lock eyes with Grog and I give him a quick little inspiration. (singing) Blood, glorious blood! Grog's about to take some. Dead dudettes and dudes, Grog's about to make some! (laughter)


I'll have to move. I'll lean around to get around that stalagtite.


I'm going in with her. Kneel down. I'm going to climb up on his back and start to try to climb.


Are we going down?


I'm going to start-- I'm going to take my staff and I do a concentrated Heat Metal spell, and I'm just going to kind of solder right along the inside where it's already weakened.


Jester, you first.


Don't steal it, Trinket! You won't fit on it.


Loot Crate, guys. (clears throat) Okay, so here's the thing--


Look, it was inspired, okay?


How much are you selling the hide armor for?


Any type of residue, any type of slime?


Well, hopefully it would only be needed for a small amount of time before our magic users have their way with it.


I cover Keyleth's eyes.


She's not lying. She wanted to have the apron.


Does it look like there's any trees or any base of mountains or any place that would be a good sheltered campsite?


230,000!


You know what? Only one person picked that card from the Deck. So it's not really my fault.


I hadn't rolled, actually, for that. I hadn't rolled initiative yet. 18.


Oh my god! Keyleth just goes down on her knees and starts kissing the ground.


Excuse me, town crier man?


There you go, Freemasons. He's actually a half orc.


Click, no. Click, no. Click, no.


Hadn't occurred to us.


Okay, Mrs. Willingham.


Hit him with the rock! 15.


I was about to tell you everything she told me, but I've changed my mind. (laughter)


Of all the bears I've known, he's top five. Top five.


20. Natural 20.


How wide was the stone tablet? Ten feet for all of us to fit on?


Okay, I'm going to go ahead and do a Cure Wounds spell on him.


And what's on the sides of the road? Is it tall grass, bald?


Fjorda people.


I'm going to brace to jump. I'm bracing to roll.


We're very open-minded.


I do have Faerie Fire. You combine the two things that you said and it's fantastic.


As long as we're tied together, we can only go so far. It'll be like mountain climbing.


Baker's dozen.


Yeah, sure. And the C?


And then I'm going to spend one sorcery point to empower the spell. And then I'm going to use the six and I'm going to choose one, two, three, and four, and five, and six to re-roll.


Okay. Kima, sorry to interrupt lunch--


Here. You take this.


Which was--?


I'm Lisa Frank Castle.


Well, I charged, yeah.


That's not 12.


Oh that's good!


Do we know what day it is? Is it past Quen'pillar?


I have a hand on Beau's shoulder--


Other way, I think.


There was a woo.


Why not hang you from that tree in the center of town like they did so many others?


He's wearing it like a bangle from the 80s.


Right. Can I flag down a--


Look what I got. Let's go join the others.


That's why Keyleth could do it.


Saxecutioner.


It takes more than an attack action.


There's just a limited number of spells.


We fought a beholder before.


We're your morning show?


I'm rolling for Fjord.


Yeah. Yeah, 23.


You know, we could--


Nott, Caleb? I know you had reservations.


Flyingsquid63!


Cookies! (nom)


Which door? The door that I just checked or the next door?


Friend. Ow! Second, we saw a little manifest that said there was some guarded parcel down below. I can only imagine that they were talking about you. Now, my friend was correct. She can punch the shit out of you. Also, we can see how well you want to swim. Or, we can just make sure that you're on this boat, healed up a little bit, and sent on your way. And you can create whatever story you want. But I do need to know what you were protecting.


Caleb, you have a photographic memory, as you remind us every session. How long do we have until our time is up with The Gentleman?


Yeah. I will use a bonus action to stand over and in front of her.


That's all right. You're welcome. I was sure it was here. I traced it. I followed them. I knew that it was coming through this-- Maybe I missed it. Maybe I've messed up.


We'll just back up.


I will cast Bigby's Hand! And make it an Interposing Hand between Keyleth and the pit fiend.


I think that was a threat.


I'll do dexterity at advantage because of the boots, so that is a 27.


I'm going to hack at his neck with my sword a couple of times.


I know, but is there a barrel of water in his chest?


Oh, right off the bat?


We have a present for Uriel. Open the gates. Send it up the chain of command.


You get to kill Lady Briarwood?


Yes! (stuttering)


And what was it posing as?


I tell you what I'm going to do.


Oddly, your face is a bit cold because it's so bare.


You get another Grit back!


We can at least contain in the contract, once our foe is dispatched, that you will help us arrange safe passage out of here.


Would I know anything about the layout of these rooms, or just my room?


Toy boat.


Are you married?


A third-grade diorama.


No, because I was holding my--


I know. Shit, I don't know what level to do it at. Since we're going to the whole thing.


I'll walk up within a foot of the first line you referenced.


For every roll.


Errol's Video.


(sings) Lollipop, lollipop, ooh lolli-lolli-lolli, lollipop, lollipop--


Oh, well then, I'll just keep it going.


We need to go the fuck to sleep.


All right. You know where to find us, we'll be about.


Well, we can try the door, and then if that doesn't work, Grog can make a new one.


That's how she's known.


I know, but what-- I know, it was very personal, and I just wanted to tell you that everything you said in that letter, I promise to you.


Man, I'm fucking slick.


Dart up to him and go (taunting) and then dart back.


I'm going to try to peer into the door, and I haven't talked about this before, but I'm wearing a cloak of elvenkind, which means I have advantage on stealth, and enemies have disadvantage on spotting me, so I'm going to lean my head in.


Thanks so much for having me. I've been a fan for a long time. It was a real treat.


He needs time. We have that.


You know, I think I'm going to stick with the lavender for a while. I think I'm slowly going to move it towards amethyst.


Whales are big.


I mean, is that worth doing now?


Oh! My robe.


Okay, okay, okay. I'm gonna go ahead and do my bite attack.


You're welcome. I'm excited.


(laughs) That's awesome. Okay. He's in charge!


Yeah, you never know. Getting old, man.


I made a friend.


And you just killed one.


No. For once, no, I'm not.


What if the poison is still up there?


We have the means to bail us out very quickly if things go wrong.


(quietly) Come on, Pike.


You did?! That was money well spent, my friend.


It's fantastic to see you. You're a sight for sore eyes, yourself. We're very happy to see you.


I can go in there on the hamster ball, but that doesn't do any--


Maybe we should table it.


Ja. If there's a gap, ja.


That seems excessive.


All right, I'm not adjacent to it because it's up, right?


Dave.


I can see you shaking. It's going to be all right. You're with us.


That were neither critical nor rolls, really to be fair.


Do they look like they're unicorns?


I don't like new people.


Nine. 12.


Priestess of Zehir, what was this place before you found it?


We almost had to kill an orderly.


Ah. Worked out yesterday. Ouch.


What about prisoners?


Among other things, yeah.


Seems pretty relevant.


(gasping) Does that mean she swallowed one, too? I mean, like really though, does she have one inside of her?


The unicorns of the sea.


I'm there?!


Well, this is pure gold, what's happening here.


I'm just weird in general.


All right, sit tight. All right, you two, put both your hands outside the cell where I can see them.


There'll be time for that.


Excuse me? Do you actually have any extra of that glissfoil or any seeds that I could take with me? That way I can just keep up on his daily disinfection.


Do we know if we are making our way--?


(explosion) Oh no!


The whole top row is reserved for Matthew.


I'm going to wear mine next game.


All right. I double back for the Underdark expert and I bring my sister up.


Ask what's happening at their home!


Lodestone! Lodestone!


No, I don't want that.


This is a grizzly situation!


Like mid-rib.


Tell your friends! Tell your wives!


You can say it to me then.


I guess, because I dropped it, I have it.


It would create a facsimile of that, but it would be worthless.


It's interesting, because I sleep at night and these voices from nowhere consistently remind me that there's a black powder merchant in this--


Can he still talk?


I can't hear them. Can't see them, can't hear them. All right. Thanks.


Nothing. I'm tired. We can relax for the first time in weeks.


No, I didn't say that--


Here, I'll show you, Grog.


I'm staying.


Then it's actually 15.


Keyleth. I'm glad my brother found you. I'm glad we all found you.


Baby, I know we've been arguing a lot lately. But I want you to know I take it all back, I take it all back. I'm going to buy you something so nice. I'm going to buy you ice cream. I'm going to buy you good ice cream! I'm going to go to Scoops. Three, motherfucker. (laughter)


I'm still attached to him, too.


Outstanding. I think we have a deal, do we not?


Nice work, de Bergerac!


Okay, so, I'm going to stand behind Kima and--


Happy fun ball.


One point of damage.


You were going to be Avantika and I was going to be Ipess.


Like five cows, they each return with one?


Well, you helped me build it. Am I crazy for thinking it? Am I totally off base?


It's survival.


I like it. Spike! Is he spikey at all? He's bludgeony.


Sounds good.


What color was the vial?


Keyleth stands in the middle of the foyer, unable to move.


No! I’m committed!


Can any of us?


Do you want a galleon, Grog?


He doesn't save it like that?


Yeah you are.


Okay, so this is four plus ten.


How big was this mind flayer, was he like 20 feet tall, Scanlan?


Yeah! Oh, what a clutch fucking vestige.


Don't eat the spiky bit.


The stealthiest.


Fjord. 150? No?


Maybe something with spikes?


I could--


I'm sorry. I got confused.


Could it be a theater for presentation, or a ring to show off amazing skills? Wings, arrows?


24, plus-- 28.


Well he's a clever boy, that one. Listen to me. I don't have any kind of timetable on it-- and I take her cheeks and I go (burbling noise) I'm so drunk right now. I can't wait to go home with you. I can't wait. I dunno when we're going to do it. Your home! Your home.


Oh, it's my favorites. Hello.


It's just been punishing me, as of late.


Technically-- you suck, vines.


Oh, what dicks!


I'm at 32, so same thing.


Yeah, we have to get them all in.


Matt, I've been rolling the wrong number of die every time.


I'm not happy with any of this.


How many dead bodies do you think I could carry?


We can't fucking kill it, you guys, don't kill it.


Where is it? I have a lot of things.


Fuck yeah, man! We'll break the system! Put it in the ground!


Going the homeopathic route, I like it.


And these creatures are old and intelligent and powerful, and they stay that way by striking fear into people. And (sighs) as much as I hate to leave my own home, I don't know who will be able to help my people if any other things like this happen.


That's way better than mine. 17.


I run across to the other one and Thorn Whip him from across the lava pool.


Fuck you, Lorenzo.


That's true. I mean, trying to be stealthy and failing is also very me.


And enough income property for them to be relatively comfortable. Reasonably comfortable. I'm sure we can take a look at the assets and come to a very, very reasonable arrangement. And you, in turn-- well, we could have a discussion about what that would be worth to you. I have no interest in making an arrangement that doesn't please you. We're only here, again, for sentimental reasons. We are not invested beyond that.


Oh, stop being so pouty, you knew this was coming.


Lisa Lobey! (group laughs) They just keep going!


What have you found? Have you guys been shopping?


Why isn't the internet working! (frustrated noise)


I'm at 78.


Can you throw anything? Cast anything?


Does the horse have a name? If it did, I'll make one up.


We're looking to get in some--


We just shook--


Percy? I don't mean to beat a dead horse or anything, but--


When we could die.


And Trinket's going to stay next to Keyleth.


Sam, when everyone leaves, all their stress will enter you and I.


Will you ask the cards if I'm going to find him?


It has to be within 60 feet.


Ten, right?


Away? That's cool.


I was going to say, I look over at Fjord across the parapet and I go: Ah, what--


And then I'm going to shoot him.


I will handle the two gold for Nott and myself.


Can I, since I'm bored-- I look up and down the street. Anything suspicious?


It's so late.


Yeah, we step outside, it's game on.


I'm going to walk up and pet the manticore's mantle.


Getting in between the two angles and having to go back and forth?


Including me, with my acid armor?


-- that we can go, going away from him.


Wait, no! Hold on. I need to be honest. I rolled an eight. My athletics is a one, so doesn't that make me nine?


I'm so beautiful.


I know, it was really loud!


"I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. 26."


Take one shot, at the one who looks frosty.


You guys want to camp? Let's go.


Did she get a dope crown?


I think I was really start-- yeah.


The mansion is still up, isn't it?


All right. No. There's nothing.


4th-level.


It's like an onion, you got to peel it, you know.


Oh. Why did I roll advantage on that?


Dungeons & Dragons!


I love it so much. You guys have the Time Travel Mart, which is amazing, if you're ever in Los Angeles, you have to come visit it. You have different themes for each of those across the nation, yeah?


"I'd like to offer many gifts."


(conflicted stuttering)


I know. Or else I would totally run it over and run it back.


May I approach?


I say, brother. You remember that giant a few years back?


29 is not terrible. Did you know that?


We're not shoving it in there? Are we cutting it in half?


Not at Taryon, at my party.


But someone needs to step out of it in order to trigger the other--


Yeah, we haven't healed since--


This is your perfect opportunity for "New crossbow, who dis?" (laughter)


(laughs) It's old.


I don't think you'd want me as tribute, so you'd best bet tell me what you want with him, because maybe we could strike a deal.


Charter school?


Roll. High.


All right.


As everyone's drawing their weapons, I shout, maybe we should check and make sure it won't kill him if we kill it.


But Percy, do you honestly think that after all of this was done-- do you want to be beholden to those people?


And in charge.


Oh no, don't do that, Kiri! Don't!


Not in between my two attacks?


Okay. I stick my head in it. Can I breathe?


The back door?


Plus ten to a d20.


Caleb got some books.


I am not!


We're going to have to start with smelting them. Well, I don't know. You know the process, I don't. Why am I in character talking to the dungeon master? What's happening? Ah, the meta.


Okay. I head back to camp.


It's just a scarf?


Giant modifier on this one. 16. With a modifier of zero.


This is one of those things that we're going to have to get everybody on board before we even start talking about it, so probably a good night's sleep.


That was the stoner-est thing you've ever said.


No! Don't! They actually looked really distraught. I think they were under a spell, as well.


Oh, then never mind. What's my charisma saving-- oh boy. Nope. I rolled a natural one. You did this! This is the third natural one. You touched it.


Trinket's in the necklace. We were on the broom.


I do, I do. You're right. 2d6. What do sixes look like? They're squares.


You should go change.


Well, it was a long time ago, but it was all my money.


Does that mean that your cards are bullshit?


Yeah, I bought a lot of stuff. The Boots of Elvenkind, so he's a little more stealthy when we go around.


So you guys both accomplished your missions! Awesome!


I am deeply curious as to what the fuck happened.


We'll let them know, but we may have time, we hurt them very badly.


Molly.


I mean, if they're planning on transporting this whole fucking city, and setting an army loose on our world, why don't we just burn the whole fucking city down? Destroy their rations. Destroy their weapons!


But do you remember when we were at home and we'd go six weeks without playing and we'd spend 45 minutes trying to remember what we did, how the rules worked, what our names were, who you were.


What kind of creatures?


We go 30 feet. (laughter)


So we should potentially just leave this castle for now and go find K'varn, rest up--


Hide in the mansion and worst-case scenario, scream that she betrayed us and that she promised that she would help kill the white dragon and see if they'll fight it out.


That is hilarious.


Yeah, here. You can have it. Here.


Reckless! 16. 30-- 20-- 32.


Go! Go! Now, run, go! Go, Percy, go!


Where's the body of the other guard we killed?


Be careful of the weasel. His name is Sprinkle, Mama.


Well, do you know who the Moonweaver is?


Working for the Slayer's Take, and having done research on the animals that we have destroyed for money, would there be anything that we would know about serpents, or another creature that might inhabit this loch?


Scanlan... We'll miss you.


I walk downstairs.


You got an arrow, which didn't probably do any physical--


Poor Stan.


We do have boom boom sticks.


I would say it's to your right, right there.


(gasps) Is he a guilty man?


It has to be within 30 feet.


Well I figure when I go too stealthy, I pop him in my necklace, but okay.


You're amazing.


It orbits.


He did have a cloak, but-- I mean, last time we saw him, he was also a-- little, writhing--


I'm going to read the names of these books.


Destroy him!


And they're so lazy!


Well, it's coming over!


Our infographic is no longer valid!


Man, that thing does not make up its mind.


Tooma. Are the Frigid Doom's armies around? Will they see us?


28 hits.


The pistol was just for show. It wasn't a gift.


He's going to fuck me up.


Okay, first is shit, second is a natural 20. Third is an 18.


It lasts for ten minutes? Oh, per spell.


It would be hard to fall if he attacks us. The best thing, actually, if he attacks us up there would be to jump.


The closed one.


I'll look for that.


I'm going to aim for one of those green openings and fucking try and shove that bitch in his torso.


We knew that.


I made a few over the break, if we want them.


Oh, no. I mean, he might have a big crush on me now, you know?


Might be useful.


Oh! I remember it now! It was a home inside. Oh, I drew a little map of it. Yep, that's it. Yes, it's adjacent to the pools, but there's a home in a forest. Did you like it? That's what my map was.


That's as far as I get with movement and dash? A bonus action dash?


Is it big enough for all of us?


Scanlan found these two really crappy daggers in the desk in the casino.


Is he standing up or...yeah!


Do we see Amelia?


Is there like an Advent calendar?


No. Let's see what's on the other side of the room first.


Remember, I charcoal war-painted?


Yeah. Hey, you know what? Did you order the room service yet?


He's an expert now after the kraken fight.


You threw a bunch of numbers at me.


All right, I go over and grab the tapestry and the skull, hold it like a knapsack.


Oh, no. It did not make it. It takes 11 points.


Oh god, why?


Sounds official.


I have enough nervous energy to power the US Navy right now.


I accuse Jester of stealing our money!


Imagine if you swallow another one, how powerful would you become?


I'm going to start practicing making a cool logo for us in my sketchbook.


If you need an extra seagull or two, I have seven to spare and I would happily leave you one or two of those.


An affected creature is aware of the spell and can thus avoid answering questions to which it would normally respond with a lie. So it could avoid the questions.


Should we un-stone Kima, or should we sleep on it?


Prod your fingers deep into the recesses, the nooks and crannies of their--


But we get it back when we're done? Or we decide not to work with you anymore?


I got something. Next weekend, September 26 and 27, I'm going to be at a con! In Anchorage, Alaska.


The death knight.


So it wasn't yesterday?


So we want the red?


Should we - since they're all smart and stuff - ask them anything in particular about the Feywild?


Makes it harder for him to die. It was Molly's.


What is that? Oh--


Yeah, they are for close up, but they're not attached to my-- water could get in.


Excuse me--


I'll take Loo.


Mm, it's been a long few weeks.


Oh, I have another? I may not need it. Just a dexterity saving throw, right?


Stealthily walk away from the hut.


Bless you, master craftsmen! My god. It is such a rendition of the Platinum Dragon that I've never seen before. I clutch at my Platinum Dragon brooch. It's beautiful.


A fickle lover.


Well, our friend downstairs says be careful of what you talk about out loud. It's pretty standard.


Seven, 12, 18 plus seven is 25. Plus I need 5d8.


Yeah, wait. Is Vax going to do it? Is he coming down?


Focus your chi.


Thanks guys.


Arts and culture.


It's like another world.


Hm, no, not really. I can create water, but I don't think it would be enough to flush them out.


The Traveler!


I have to tell you what I'm going to do?


Yes, totally Indy-ed it!


That I've got in my pocket?


Oh, it's all right. "This contract is good for three days, and should the contract not be fulfilled within that time period, then all payments are null and void, this contract is null and void, and the membership within the Slayer's Take is revoked, outside of the Huntmaster's willful forgiveness."


Yeah, do we just collapse--


I feel like if I teleport I'm gonna puke.


There's people after my eight?


I wanted you to hear it from me so you could compose yourself when other people begin to tell you.


Nice beret there, Scanlan.


Besides fire and acid, a little bit of poi-- I can drain life force and invigorate myself a little bit.


To press-- oh. (clicks)


Did you bring something through the portal? What was it?


Just you alone?


Oi, Matt. My Bigby's is concentration, so that cloud's gone, by the way.


I open it up and see what Shallow Breaths is about.


He had the carpet before, so. Maybe not so much, but the whole point was for the trolls to not have us on the ground, the trolls, but.


We're going to Florida!


Have any of us heard that name before?


Can I see one of your books?


If it's too hard to pick, you can do top three.


Tiny pockets, this is a problem of women's fashion, to be fair.


Get them out.


Just then, a couple bubbles.


I can't. I can't leave my friends. I have to try and find them.


What if we have found her? What if Sprigg is right? What if all of the information that Ioun knows is here in Sprigg?


Wouldn't that be funny if we killed the thing and then died from the imps? That would be so funny.


Well, I would've, honestly-- I would've never hoped otherwise. You're far too wonderful for an idiot.


Yes. Don't act natural, be as cool and calm as possible.


--in our group. Desperately.


Football field?


I'm sure I will see you at some point later.


Not yet.


Dude, that would be amazing.


I believe that you squishy people should be back here!


Misses! It misses.


We'll follow her in.


Yeah, no, we've been together for a couple of years now.


Temporarily, yeah.


Anyone feel like a nap? Fucking hell.


Flying squirrel.


I have not.


Yeah, you know that deep-dish pizza there.


Get food. I'll read some of my book.


Oh, sorry, Charlie.


Okay, I vomit. (all laugh)


It's called a bullet. I'll shoot it until it doesn't work anymore.


King Myrtle?


Her accent is really strong! It's hard to not match her accent! (laughter)


Maybe there's a place to buy some potions.


And that's all my 1st-level spell slots. That's cool.


You know what, if you wanna like Skype in from GenCon, let me know.


Got it. It just happens.


If you fall unconscious, try to fall unconscious the other direction, okay?


He does, it's true.


They will. It'll be Mark Wahlberg.


The big villain for this campaign will become Mister Manacle.


We do appreciate the offer and we can't wait to talk to our friends about it, though.


So the mind flayers, as far as we know, might not even be under--


Yeah, 31.


What? How am I aiding with the ritual?


It's just in your head. I got stung by some wasps out by the barn. (laughter)


Have a dozen. Baker's dozen.


Can you just play on his harmonica, or something?


That would be weird if I walked up to you and said, "Did you want me to rub his ankles?"


Of course he is.


Oh, man. You look like a Jorge.


Right next to me?


Ten ten-by-tens.


Do you have any specials?


Just here.


I've had some shady friends.


Polio?


Yeah, that's--


It's a bit iffy.


Come on, it blew your hair back when it happened.


Oh! I'll scootch up a bit, start moving towards...


I'm going to pick up the book that he was holding when he was praying. I'm going to just try and read it.


Did you say Pass Without a Trace?


Since I have two hits, can I do Extract Aspects? Spend a ki point?


Well, here's the thing, darling. I gave the other gate stone to Scanlan.


I have had dealings with them before. I find them... untrustworthy.


Teach your son.


Yeah. (cough) I have a terrible cough and apparently my breakfast didn't agree with me and I coughed a little too much and felt a pack in my pants.


He's extremely smart.


Well, we could do whatever you wish. If you care to wish the keep, let's go back to the keep. We could easily get there and take an airship back, if we choose to.


Hey! Get that shit off.


Just go in there, man.


My Wand of Magic Missiles.


Wait right here. I cast Detect Magic just before I walk back into the store. I look all around. What are your hours, here? As I look to see if there is anything besides that book, anything.


Yes, spreading the word of Bahamut where we go.


I suppose I could build another, it just won't feel the same. I-- (sighs)


(smacking) Yes.


Don't we have some guilds to prove membership to?


It's going to be negotiating, probably with someone who'll give us cover if we do some dirty work.


Does sound familiar. That was interesting and bloody!


All right. I'll keep humming.


Oh no, oh no, oh no! And then I'm like brushing it and accidentally-- the robe falls off. (gasp) Oh my god! That was inadvertent.


(groans of pain)


No attack of opportunity because of sentry, right?


No, but she's a bird.


No long card coming? (laughs)


So GenCon we're going to start with trying to get out of an active volcano?


I have a kit for that. (laughs)


Good, you just need it to go down four points.


My spell DC? Is 17.


Oh my God, yeah.


Could you send some light down there, Caleb?


Even though they came out of the belt?


Maybe get a little bit closer.


Yeah, I go over to where the most people are congregated.


I feel like everybody's going to die before we even get to the castle!


Fly down! Get him! Get him!


So, if it's not the nemesis, the big nemesis, then you guys could probably take out these dragons, like, no problem, since they're not the Big Bads, they're just really bad.


I disguise myself as a gnome, go in, and buy warm clothes.


Through a portal, into--


I did not mean any offense.


Oh man. That's so embarrassing.


Speak your mind! Convince her. Fix this.


Well, we could go to the camp and go kick some--


Can I hear him?


We've been there before.


Ja I rub a bit of honey across my lip and say, "Mein Freund, I suggest you throw down your weapons and lie under that desk, just for your safety," and I cast Suggestion.


We can try that. If it doesn’t work, then we try to jump up and over.


And you're hangry.


Hey nerds, I'm Wil Wheaton, I know right? And guess what? It is back. International Tabletop Day has returned, this year on April 11th. What is that, you say? What is Tabletop Day? Well, if you don't know, then shame on you. International Tabletop Day is a worldwide celebration dedicated to the tabletop games we love to play with the people we love. People we like, people we've never even met before, it doesn't matter, last year we had over 3,000 registered events across seven continents and over 80 countries, that is amazing! But this year we're going to make it even bigger. "Will Wheaton, how can we make it even bigger than last year?" That's what she said. Start now. Trend #TabletopDay on Twitter, because that was awesome. Broadcast your plans on the internet, make a video, share pictures, start a blog, create a dating profile for other sexy gamers in your area, whatever you want. Celebrate it in your own way, but we wanna hear from you. Be sure to use #TabletopDay, or @TabletopDay to let us know. It is up to you, world. Visit TabletopDay.com to register your event, or find one near you. You can also download exclusive content and check out some of our favorite games. We will be streaming our own live event, here in Los Angeles for you to watch. And there will be more on that soon. You love tabletop games, and we love you, so join us in the global celebration, on April 11th. Play more games. Hey everybody, I'm Wil Wheaton, and I am coming to you semi-live from the Twitch TV set here at the Geek & Sundry stages in beautiful downtown Burbank, California. I am here to tell you everything you ever wanted to know about Tabletop's RPG show, coming this June, but were afraid to ask. Or have been asking for close to a year and I've been saying, "We'll tell you at some point in the future." You can consider this the big announcement. It was incredibly difficult to cast this show. We needed people who were very comfortable improvising, who had experience playing role playing games, and who were available when we planned to shoot the show. It was surprisingly difficult to get a pool of people who fit all of those criteria, and choose the most awesome among them. So your cast playing in this wonderful show are: Yuri Lowenthal, Laura Bailey, Hank Green, and Alison Haislip. I'm really excited to have these people all together. They're all my friends, they are all wonderful storytellers, and they are going to be a tremendous party of adventurers. I'm only gonna try to kill them a little bit. The most frequently asked question since I announced that there was going to be a Tabletop RPG show is, hey Wil Wheaton! Why are you so awesome? The second most frequently asked question is, what system are you using to power this game? First and foremost, I needed a system that was going to support the way I play roleplaying games, and that is telling a story collaboratively with a group of players with me as the GM. I looked at some very well known systems like Dungeons & Dragons, and Savage Worlds, I looked at systems that I love, like Fate Core, and I even looked at the True 20, a d20 modern system. And I really wanted to use something that was released by an independent publisher. I wanted to bring something to the forefront of the roleplaying world that maybe not as many people are familiar with as I want them to be. But I wanna play the way that I played when I was falling in love with roleplaying games when I was a kid. I wanna be able to sit around on a couch and some chairs with my friends, not have to worry about a map on a table in front of us, and just work together to use our imaginations to tell a story. But there's a system that I really love that's elegant, it's easy to learn, it's easy to teach, it's very easy to understand, and it really just gets out of the way when you want to tell a story together. And that is the Adventure Game Engine that Green Ronin Publishing used to drive the Dragon Age tabletop roleplaying game. I asked the developer three years ago to please make generic, so that we can build a setting and put on top of it. They said actually this is something we really wanna do. And it's come together. We have been able to work together with Green Ronin to develop the fantasy Adventure Game Engine. This is gonna take a lot of the things you know from the Dragon Age RPG, and put it all together to support our world, which I have had the best time creating. I sat down three months ago with some amazing writers, and just started brainstorming about what kind of world we wanted to explore. But what I kept coming back to is, I love science fiction, and I love fantasy. Why not put them together? Why not build a world that is inspired by the 1978 Heavy Metal movie, and 1980's amazing Saturday morning cartoon show, Thundarr the Barbarian. I thought it would be great for characters to encounter goblinoid kind of creatures, and instead of them using crossbows, they're using laser rifles. I've got it all worked out, we have a huge team of writers that put all this together that built an amazing codex that gave terrific logic to all of these decisions that we made. We're not gonna tell you what they are. You may discover some of them during the course of the season. So what is the name of this incredible world? The title of our show is Titansgrave: The Ashes of Valkana. You can sort of come up with your own ideas about what those words mean. I know, but I'm not telling. 'Cause that's not how the Wheaton talks. Titansgrave: The Ashes of Valkana will premiere right here at Geekandsundry.com on June 2nd. For those of you not in America, Titansgrave: The Ashes of Valkana will premiere right here on Geek & Sundry on two June. So I hope that you're as excited about this as I am, and I hope that you will tune in, and then watch us for ten straight weeks of incredible high adventure story telling, and until then, play more games.


Couldn't help but notice we seemed to have caught your eye.


I don't know. I mean, I think I'm going home. I say "I think." I'm going home. There will be work to do there.


You can see just in the future. Three seconds.


Cavern now!


I rolled twice, because of disadvantage. Both were ones.


Should we go in the bow or the stern?


What? (all cheer)


There's a red and a black, a white and a green.


Whenever you need it, but you have an inspiration dice here. That's good. So you're at 18.


Can we get one of those?


That's one of our things, but that's not-- it can't-- it's not us. We weren't down here before, were we?


Ugh, okay. I'm going to shoot him.


I've got to use my pen! Don't shake me! I shake so much on my own! That's 2d10 plus 2d6 psychic, so that's four points of psychic damage. That was a terrible roll. And 24 points of damage.


Oh! I get to do plus 10 bonus to that?


Yeah, it has a shit-spray attack. Here's one I'm pretty proud of. You guys, there's a monster in the Manual called the giant wasp. Well, this is the giant WASP. But he's a White Anglo-Saxon Person. A WASP! You know, a WASP-y guy! He's a WASP!


We killed the two--


Ja, just deadpan, I do this around my hand and I cast three Scorching Rays out of it at this thing. The first does not hit at all, it was a two plus something. The second one hits: 19 plus seven is 26. The third one hits: 16 plus seven hits.


Coming out of the gun port? [cheering]


It was a 15, so half damage.


Ah, okay.


What's good for your Ashari people? Something covered in grass, maybe?


Check and mate.


She does. I know she does because she likes me so much because I worship her real good.


I'm gonna attack it. WIth some arrows.


It's good to see you as well.


Oh yes, okay! Okay, okay, okay!


Pike, you want to go see Wilhand, right?


Does she sleep?


That's something.


All right, well, my enemy is gone. Percival just shot it through the face, so. I start to fly towards the entrance. The moment I come through and I see Keyleth mangled on the ground underneath, I just react and fly straight at the thing and snag onto his chest like an angry, pissed-off cat, and I just start slicing.


Immune to fear.


All right! That's one point of psychic damage and it has disadvantage on the next attack. (rasping) You should leave and protect the child. Trying to--


No, that's quite all right, it's--


And I have acquired something for you to use in this battle.


It takes time.


That is incredible.


Tell her to bring the armor down.


Have you met more than one ghost before?


It's 2017. When will we will have better Skype?


So I'm not saying anything. I'm sorry.


I'll just get there. Lovely.


Can I get it kind of towards that-- sorry, deal with me. This guy here?


It takes fire damage, too.


I say, why are we doing this? Why are we even fighting? Is this a thing? Is this a thing? Should we talk about this?


How far away is it from us?


Thanks, Lootcrate!


Yes! I'm so proud of you.


You're right, that's true, we did do that.


How did we do it-- Wait, wait, wait. Let's just remember, how did we do it last time?


We did, however, then gamble with the other workers and then Jester-- yeah. Jester--


Cool. Cool, cool, cool.


Right. Hang on.


How much would that cost?


I don't see how those things are non-interchangeable.


It had a cave. Didn't it come out of a cave, when we saw it?


We are getting our fucking asses handed to us.


Because I think your bandages might come off in the water.


This is about the skull, then?


Beau, same as him.


Doran, you known Aes long?


Foh-MOH-ree-ans.


Magic fingers.


Sent us over here telling us to find his wares here. And we've made a deal with him that if we find arcane objects we could potentially, you know, I lost track of what I was saying, but you get the idea.


Oh. I'll drop the sword.


Good, you've burned it. Had to burn it.


Well okay, I've seen all kinds of places many times that I didn't try to get into immediately. What were you trying to accomplish?


I'll take those bracers.


Okay, conditions.


All right. Thank you. I turn my little naked butt to her and fly away. (laughter)


It's hard to get a bead on her because she always takes up and leaves.


To burn the reaction, yeah.


Plus we have other plate armor!


That would make me so happy!


You don't seem to be taking my meaning. If we were to reunite you with your folks, would you get out of town right quick?


14 for me.


Nat 20s all up in this bitch.


We don't still have our fancy feast, do we?


Yeah, but I have a really good passive perception, bitch!


It was part of the pot, yeah.


Part of one of the ceremonies that the Earth tribe gives is called the Alore ceremony. It's a tea that they make that is derived from a local plant that-- It's essentially a vision quest tea; it gives you visions. It's a cultural tradition, I guess. I saw two paths. One was an older woman, who was wise and hardened and brave, and she had a line of young Ashari behind her. And I ran away. I feel like she was me. And I ran away, and I went down another path. There was a tree. It was young, but strong, and it had a familiarity. As I reached out and touched it, my vision was taken through the path of the roots, and I could see the world, and I could see how everything was connected, and it took me to you all. And you were strong and fighting and proud, and then Vax yelled out, "This one is for Keyleth!" I wasn't with you. And then Grog yelled out, "This is for our princess!" And it broke away, and I realized that I was that tree, and it was my death. And as I ran to the other side, I went back to the old woman, and all of my people slowly started fading behind her, and as she looked at me, she said, "Your future is as important as it is fragile. Protect it." And she, too, faded away. I realized she was me. And when I came out of my vision, I talked with the Earth Headmaster Patisse, and she told me that if I was going to survive, I needed to have the will to do what was necessary, and the strength. And ever since the child, it's been hard. I was there for a long time at the Earth Tribe, longer than most stay on their Aramente. I couldn't get through the trial; every time I used a natural magic, every time I tried to fight, I just saw flashes of that child's eyes. I was blocked. Normally, they save the Alore ceremony for the final testament, but they actually started me with the Alore ceremony in order to help hopefully unlock my spiritual blocking that I was having. But I don't know...


(whispering) I notch an arrow.


Should we just continue to follow them for now or attack right now in the broad daylight?


Francis. Francis Titmalt-- Timalt, not Titmalt.


I have a friend named Kevin. He says there is someone trying to do something about it. He says that that's what caused that fire yesterday, over at that big fancy house. He says there's rebels afoot!


Oh! It's another-- What is it? An ass cloud? Is that what it was?


Yeah. Wha-bam!


Really the only point of going there would be reconnaissance. That's it. No fighting.


I'll take that 18.


Let's just keep walking for now.


All right, I'll get out of the lava.


I knew you were already there.


There's so many rings on it. It's great.


Okay, I'm still not going to hit 22. This is a check, though, so I could inspire myself, maybe?


Can I start moving back?


30-soul rock. Got it.


She's naked. Good job, brother.


This is literally the only thing Vax is good at. He really can't get out of the closet?


Psychic also?


All right, to the Laughing Ninny it is.


I chased after him already.


(wails)


Are we underwater right now?


Hulk versus Wolverine, man. I'm excited by that.


Would I know, is a black dragon-- does it have any weaknesses?


What were you doing here? What is this place?


I'm going to assume that sometime in the last year and a half, these two have told you that I dipped into a bathtub full of blood.


That's right, get a little funsy action there.


Kill it! Kill it!


That was very descriptive. Thank you.


Is it a charm effect?


(pained) Oh. Thaumaturgy. Thunder.


They're giving me a bad feeling. I don't have a lot of bad feelings.


You got any healing, you got any bonuses, you got anything?


(sighs) I wasn't sure if I was ever gonna get here.


Thank you. I buy 200 gold worth and I bring Nott the 85 gold change.


I don't know. We like all kinds of things.


I mean, I guess I don't have any kind of concentration up anymore because I got fucking destroyed.


I climb up next to her.


It's a hunter shark, but it's fey because it's dyed its hair with a pastel pattern.


But if we don't give a shit about Dolan, then there's no problem, really. But maybe we do?


Can we have some light?


She was so good on the show.


Thank you, Kit Buss. Me and two ladies, what could be better? Right?


Right after you.


I bring news, and I know it's early, but could we have a little family meeting over breakfast?


You get a gold star, very good!


I'm going to make it to the one that Beau is fighting and I'm going to take two straight attacks with my scimitar.


I'm gonna insight check. That is a 19.


Bobobo-bo bo-bobo.


Of the building?


Gallan, go! Go fix it!


It's adorable that they think they could stop us if we tried.


Dragging her dolly by one arm.


I don't know what it is!


Where was it that he was shooting at?


Should we be worried?


Yeah, okay, so I'll take out my sword and I'll attack.


Just one apron.


I can dig and see if we can go under, just in case.


What? Aluminum foil?


(gasps) You have? I can't picture you dancing.


You realize it's only been an hour since we slept last, but it's all nighty.


What about Vax?


We need to keep moving.


He's wearing somebody's scalp, you guys.


Yeah. I have a pounce. I guess I don't have a multi-attack. So I just have the bite attack? Or do I also get a claw attack, as well, as my two actions?


Well, I rised up when doing squats.


Will you stop arguing and can we go downstairs? Carefully and quietly, please. Oh, by the way, I am invisible. [laughter]


(Jimmy Stewart voice) Clarence, Clarence!


He killed them?


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well gird your loins ladies because he has his eyes on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troop, where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter a distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood, unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts, and makes the females swoon. (sputtering)


Okay, is the one still next to me? That was attacking Fjord.


No, the four of us are sticking together, I thought.


(emphatically) Yes.


Ah, yeah, okay!


(seductively) Hello Caleb. Hello Nott.


I feel like when you're in the same clique, when you're on the same level, everyone talks, right?


Nor does Tiberius.


For Scanlan.


Should I steal some for you?


I'm going to Earth Glide to the bottom and then peek my earthy face out of the top, see if I can see down.


Wait, it's true, you look like one of the guys upstairs, you could go down and tell them. But, well, you are putting a lot on the line for people you've just met tonight.


The place?


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder clap) Under that unintimidating, petite frame is a vicious beast, waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants. Literally. (giggles) Born to the air tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation, and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. Anyways. It wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities, and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped, and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stilben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise, and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


Yeah. Kiri, where do babies come from? She doesn't know what the hell we're talking about.


You could do a general nature check.


Well, and then the room filled with poison and then we put a hole in the floor and we fell.


Can I think of a way? I'm assuming I know a way to where this might be.


Let it rain! (cheering)


Just in case!


Give me a second to blacklight the room.


I'll wander down to where people are working. Where people are moving crates around.


I'm doing much better.


Are you talking to us?


It's just water in those tankards.


I mean it's either that or leave the carnival and take the fall for what is two dead crownsguard.


There's no other room, it's a mirror. Oh, Keyleth, that's our reflection.


I change into-- adult bronze dragon.


Any other attacks on the castle while we were gone?


We're going to do this now.


Okay. So if he's going to do this, I was holding my attack. I'm taking my attack now right before this happens. He has no face, does he?


Oh, well. It was going to be really interesting.


Should we go in?


He's fast as lightning. Damn it.


We're in the room. Let's go.


Twinsies. Twinsies rolls.


Makes me feel better. Thank God. That's still fine. 23.


Nice patronus, by the way.


One. There's a tree!


(yelling) Come sit down! Damn it!


Just tell 'em, tell 'em Percy! Tell Doty!


Yo, guys, update. That sword is totally evil.


(vacuuming noises) (laughter)


The Storm Lord symbol is the jam. That is a cartoon bean.


Frumpkin will stand between Jester and the cube.


I'll go on the side of the cart and--


Yes. That looks very similar.


I'm going to try to inspire him.


It's not a bad 1st-level spell.


Fudge.


Not this time. It's not-- you know why.


So we need to be in our places by 5AM.


More of that. All right.


I follow.


Could you give me a little more background? That is a very common word.


Warren T. Rat in American Tail.


Tattooed at the small of his back.


Perception or stealth? 20.


Well, look at me. Can you not tell how fancy I am?


I want to switch teams.


Just pointing and laughing.


So if he had something that was-- if he had a mop, basically, he could probably tap it.


Yeah, I have to make a new character, guys, I'm sorry.


(giggles) This is crazy! Okay, so I'm going to-- should I do Conjure Barrage? Conjure Barrage at them, as well.


Let's walk towards the guards.


I can sneak in down to those stalagmites.


A headshot. With the big, with sharpshooter.


Haggling.


(laughing) Oh, shit. Amazing.


Whoa. Okay.


Oh no, can I respond to it? Oh no!


I'll keep directing it.


We have a broom.


You don't want to go back in there.


No shadowy demons. Feels good.


I kept the Gil die.


Welcome to the Critical Role comedy hour, folks. Make sure you hit the two-drink minimum before you leave.


You talking to me?


I stare him right in the eyes. What would have happened?


I'm going to grab Toya.


I was--


I was a bit tougher than most of the other kids. I felt like I could take the physical poking, but the jeering, I--


I'm at 15.


I would assume that next game, we're going to start with a fresh day, so I want to toss in that Caleb goes to whatever chamber they're in and he pulls out the other book from his holsters and he writes for hours.


No, not at all. But that's actually not a bad idea. We're still outside the camp, right? How about this: why don't we hike to the outskirts of Westruun, camp out the rest of the evening, keep an eye out, and just scout for a little bit?


I'll cast Mass Cure Wounds.


We should throw something.


I've rolled shit all night. Every roll.


No, just takes me to the ground.


I have not the slightest clue where my phone would be.


I did tell the Ashari to start alerting the nearby towns.


We have to deal with this.


Is it bad if we set up camp right here?


Am I still holding on to his sword?


So is that the bonus action, or is that the action?


He has level ten spells.


Yasha! Do you need help?


Which ones? Okay.


Let's head down to the docks. Keeping an eye out for crownsguard.


Oh, and so this is a pool of lava that they're coming out of?


Can I aid him or help him do something?


You are fucking crazy, Cleff!


Yeah, I'd want to protect him from the crossbows.


We're fine. I like it.


That doesn't look that good.


You counterbalanced the rest of this game!


Oh my god. Just hit him.


There's hope.


No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you.


Dude, that was it! That was--


I did, and it was 23.


What doesn't, really?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's shimmy across. Make the distraction now.


Why don't you Detect Magic, whoever can Detect Magic?


You didn't have me roll.


Wow, y'all.


We had to beat him to a bloody pulp before we liked him.


I am in the front now.


But if I am Polymorphed as a goliath, would I gain their-- all their abilities and--


I think I messed up. I think maybe I should apologize to Caleb. I'm not very good at apologizing, though. I was wondering if maybe you could give me some pointers for apologizing.


I'm going to use my Pearl of Power to regain a 3rd-level spell and then I'm going to use Prayer of Healing on everyone. So everyone I can see within my range. So everybody get within 30 feet of me! I'll do 3d8 of healing for everybody.


I also wanted to work on Ripley's gun.


Ooh! Like what? I do things like that all the time!


I'm going to make a Liam plushie.


Iron Shep.


I do believe that does.


I'm going to Invoke Duplicity and I'm going to send my duplicate towards the troll. It's skipping.


Do you have references?


Okay, here we go. 18.


You said I could use flavor for unarmed shit.


A repeating crossbow.


Do I see her?


Who's not here next week?


I'll try and keep the kids safe, and I will try not to be the thing that kills them, either.


By the way, 41 points of fire damage.


Don't hide behind me!


I know. I don't like it. But I can't help it. What should I do?


(singing) Happy happy (war cry).


You did not!


I think that is a beautiful, beautiful gesture.


Is that all true?


I tried to make him stupid and I'm sure he realizes that.


This is five times that.


Can I trail this thing?


I follow suit.


Yes, that's exactly why. Bear traps are the biggest thing you can get for a giant.


It's like the possum trick.


Oh, I don't know if he did that, so let's not.


He-- with--


Can I go out to the rocks and see how far I can hop along the rocks?


Fuck you, kraken.


It's just so good.


No, you go. You go next.


Ah, Percival Frederickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III, it's a pleasure to meet you. Hello. Hi.


Yes. Let's go that way.


There were lots of jewels on the ground.


Let's go and see if we can see something.


Can I pet?


Oh no! Only a 13-- oh wait, no, it went up. 14.


All right. Hey, Scanlan.


So what is ours now? Anything? Our personal belongings? This home?


I know. But I said, "What's up Whitey," like, to him personally, and then they look at me like, "Oh my lord, that's so racist." (laughter)


12. 17.


You don't need to lower it.


Where am I in relation to the party, to my sister?


Whatever you do, don't go up next to it right now.


I head back to the keep.


Except that he also has a dragon to contend with, so as long as we keep it a bigger threat than us, I think he'll keep his concentration where it is.


In that case, I'm going to find a lemure and inquire sternly of directions.


Let's go to Percy's room. I'm going to go knock on his door.


Can we see how many entrances there are to this mine yard?


What's that? Do you think somebody just got home?


The fangs and the tongue.


Okay, so as soon as I see the flash, I go, (yelps). That's all I do. (laughter)


To Vax'ildan. He was the best of us.


That was like watching an eight-year-old juggle a gun. (laughter)


We should take the sail down.


That was amazing!


Thinking about--


All right, I'm with you.


Is that purple eyeliner?


I don't want to feel like a burden on anyone, you know?


Maybe in a little while.


And maybe even complete our mission.


I think so, it's a much softer ground to sit on, you know? Instead of a marshy, sandy--


This whole pow wow was happening around the bend.


Yeah, we're through the worst of it. Listen, if, for some reason, Yasha comes back up and starts swinging at a bunch of balls of light on the front of the ship, just don't get involved. I'm going to sleep.


And a fire elemental.


Here, rat-mouse-thing.


I take the Dust of Tracelessness to void out any footprints in the mud.


He did that to everybody's room, just in case.


You look like you literally came from the set of Mad Max. Did you just witness?


What is a monster?


(scared) Yeah.


Little test run. Let's dagger, dagger, dagger.


It seemed like the undead were crowding towards it, which means that if we do get attacked by a group of undead, we might be able to shiny-object them, unless, of course, it's dangerous in their hands.


Or Jester might want a bikini.


Où est la bibliothèque? (laughter)


(whispers) That's the Redskins' fight song. (yelling)


Both of you?


Yeah, he's going to turn into an animal so--


What's her mother's name?


And human, I don't know anything about. Is it injured?


You're asking if my cards are bullshit? My cards are not bullshit.


You could give me a-- never mind.


I can hit Greenbeard, I'm going to hit Greenbeard. He's got the magicky creepy thing, right?


That was intense. Would we be able to have fought those two minotaurs?


So we've un-misted. Are we going to mansion and go to sleep?


I mean, you still transported us a long way. That's commendable.


I fully, fully intend--


Aw, cool. Real cool, Nott.


This reminds me of one of my caretakers when I was younger, stitching up some of my play clothes. It's a nice feeling. Thank you so much.


They're like barnacles!


They are strangers?


Yeah, thank you guys.


Oh, I spit on you with that.


Did someone ever get Uriel?


And what was the name of your homeland again? It sounded very exotic.


I am going to heal, as my bonus action. That's not bad. That's 19 points. I'm a little better now. I'm at 108; I'm fine. Now, I'm going to take out Bad News. Fuck Animus for now. Take out Bad News and take two shots at this bastard with sharpshooter.


Scanlan, do you think any of us could have gotten here without each other? I thought you knew that more than the rest of us. Maybe we just thought you didn't need us as much as you felt like we didn't.


That's just weird. It's very weird.


And is there some sort of hunt horn or anything that signals the beginning of this, or does it just happen?


You're from Wildmount, correct?


That's very pleasant.


Flying Vex is pretty dope. (laughs)


Can I open the thing?


19. (all laugh)


Does it look like all the rivers are connected?


Fucking fuck.


Do I have to do the Inspiration before I--


He wanted to be in--


Let the river take you where it will.


Throw them overboard. (laughter)


Wait, no. I thought it was Fjord, Caduceus, Yasha?


And we've been awake for a while?


The first one definitely hits. The second one is 18.


All right. That's fair.


And in midair, I use my bonus action to turn into an earth elemental!


(singing) Can you see me right now?


Candy. (all laugh)


Ow! Ow! Ow!


I mean, he attacked us. A lot of guards, too.


What are you at, Percy?


Okay. Uh. Thank you. And I turn, and I walk back to my friends.


Not the best kind.


It uses a reaction for that? That's bullshit.


Not like he was really--


I don't need to rest, so I can just stand guard.


You have lightning. Are we going to kill ourselves if we do that?


I thought it was because your Logan's Run crystal started flashing.


Yes. Charred. It's nice and charred.


Pus flew out of it.


He is very funny.


If I help him, can he have advantage?


Oh, that's the fancy fellow you've brought with you.


Not here.


Taliesin did a triple dump earlier.


We're going to figure out a way for you to breath underwater. It's going to be okay.


Yeah. Going on a trip.


Just because someone has tattoos doesn't mean they know everyone who has a tattoo. These are very different tattoos.


Oh god. Oh, that's good. 18.


For us? We're just a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors.


And get my attack of opportunity. (laughter)


Victor, the powder guy.


Matt has burned us too many times.


Ashley, your drawing was amazing.


(singsong) I have hickies. (laughter)


Might as well make these great weapon master strikes, just for fucking why not. That's a 15.


Yeah, yeah, that's pretty awkward.


They don't live for much longer.


That's pretty "grood."


It's a starting point.


Oh, the sword? I'll grab the sword, then.


More than enough to deal with us.


Caleb starts to climb over.


Shocking.


You know, the illusions.


What's wrong with that?


You know, this imp that I saw did have sparkly gold armor, he may be like an important imp. I'm just saying, I feel like everyone's here wanting to make a deal. It might be good to talk to others.


I've got a pretty decent investigation. You and me, brother.


When you told me how things were better now? Okay, you remember that?


Are you going to fight him?


You guys are really on top of your shit in here.


We'll see you in 24 hours.


Okay, so first one is (counting) 11 plus psychic is 12, plus those guys. (counting) 28 for that one. Sorry.


You make the attack with proficiency and the missile counts as a monk weapon for the attack.


I just like having a game plan.


You know I'm in love with you, right? And I kiss her.


Eins, zwei, drei, vier.


You rusty spoon?


Okay. I can't try and break the domination? Or rage?


We collapse the tunnels behind us.


Do you guys remember in Tomb Raider 2 the butler that you had?


How far are we from everybody? We're just like--


We can also still turn into mist.


Kaitiake.


Oh brother, good to see you.


We might not come back.


Yes. This man is insulting your intelligence, and you should be very angry right now.


We planned this out way in advance.


Fire. 25 to hit.


You've been waiting for that for too long.


Will you watch my puppy? Well, it's me and Beau's puppy, really.


I can see that.


Nott, make sure that Caleb comes with us. He's awful grumpy below decks. He needs to be on the part of the boat with us.


Well, you've come to the right place. I do have quite a mouth. Yes, let's go talk to her. Wait, she's the woman you fancy quite a bit, isn't that true?


I will tell them, all right? I'll point back to them and I will bring out my little piece of fabric. Wait. No, it's a piece of wire and whisper into it and send a Message to Caleb that: We've been made. Start making your way down here. (laughter)


Where are the EDM gnomes?


This is the second time he's going, right?


I'll do my second arrow and try to hit him again because I don't like that I missed.


Yeah. You all right?


Quick! Draw a picture of Grog, and then we'll know.


I see Doty appear, correct?


I'm just going to dash over.


Come on, work on what we did, come on.


36 points of damage, times two.


It's going to be his.


Aw, man, I have made a terrible mistake. That's 20 points of damage plus, oh really? 12 points of psychic damage. So 20 points plus 12 which is 32, and his next round, he takes half that as well.


An old friend.


Will he be as accepting as you?


Oh, they're still tired from the other night.


Oh, it's not locked! Oh. We open it!


We would have to have to go around it--


He's being modest. He could do it.


Me too. Mama, this is going to be fun, fun, fun!


I can't see any kind of like door that leads to a cellar?


That's fine. That balances out, and my first roll was a 29 total.


Are those ceramic pots giving anything off?


How do you know it's not molten steel? Kidding.


Luck in battle.


This is your, like, favored terrain and stuff. It's a boat.


Ain't going to be a dick about it.


Thank you guys, this was great. That was theater!


Ooh! Any time ever?


You guys? Where are you?


We need to figure out what we're doing with the little black ball of universal death.


I float on over to this.


That is true. This one time, she watched an ant carrying a piece of bread six or seven times larger than it up stairs.


Maybe we can talk to it.


Looks like Kash is.


You have, and we're just getting started.


Your purpose in life is only what you make of it.


Define "Judgeface."


Sorris, is that somewhere you've been to? You seem like a very fortune-seeking type.


Boom! How many do you need? I got much.


(whimpering) Okay.


Help!


All right. Donkey.


If you want to look at it, that's cool.


It's what fish say. Hi, Aquaman.


(Jester voice) She's going to cast Mending. (laughter)


Yeah. It's very like, very diverse biodomes in your eyes.


Has Yussa ever come to see my mom sing?


I think we should make a meal. He's a very good cook.


Oh! Tinfoil hat!


Half a mile.


Trinket only has the power of "adorability."


Okay, so I'm going to make my way towards the front of the group because I'm noticing this and I'm going to do a Fire Breath, and I'm going to instantly cast Control Flame and catch as much as I can of it, and start spinning it, burning the webs as we go.


I feel like I should not be here, but there's no way I can break free. He's super strong, and I'm not. So--


He marked you?


Yeah, let's go straight out and leave and go to the Crownsguard.


Yeah, you have to have magic.


Does he get entangled? Because he did just land in difficult terrain.


We'll get there eventually, but first step is this smaller force across the chasm.


Beau, ten points.


Like three, two, one.


It's not evil, evil. It's not an evil house.


Half of a lot.


Who she likes better.


Maybe super stealthily back?


He's literally the worst.


They hurt me so bad.


Oh, I move Trinket in, and I want to-- If I can get him to illithid, I want to get Trinket close, like kind of behind the queen. No, no, I want to get him near. That way he can flank.


Had I? I hadn't noticed.


My Wyrmwood has never looked so festive.


Way to go dark. Way to go dark.


I looked for them the last game, and they're not around right now.


Burning a grit point to drop his knife.


I'm going to cut his hand off and take the bracelet.


Beau, Nott, Fjord.


It's a piece of shit silver coin, I don't need your stupid silver coin.


We had points. We had points. Are we standing for this?


Wanted to talk that one out.


Once we've figured out that the will-o'-wisps were coming from pots we just broke anything that looked like it might contain one.


Okay, I'm going to use my off hand, I'm going to drop my-- I'm not going to drop my staff. I'm going to put my staff around, focus my chi, and then do a palm attack.


Yeah, shove them off.


You can see the temperature rising.


Caleb! Jester! Beau! Everybody, below decks! Find out what that was!


Plus four.


Plus two on dragon checks. Arcana?!


That's so adorable! I'm so sorry.


That's a hundred percent true, we've done that before.


Deeply punchable.


Okay, where were you at the carnival?


And I just hex into the shadows.


That's Vix.


Wait, you got dope stats!


I would love to hear.


Thank you guys all so much, that was awesome.


Woo, we didn't die! [break]


Yeah, I'm just-- Is there anybody else around in the tavern?


With either Mage Hand, or my own hand, whatever's--


I mean, I think a Fireball would not help here. I can do Firebolt, but there's really no use until we get there.


Nice. 12. Where are you? I should have gotten this beforehand. Nice! Plus ten. 37.


I look at Vax before we go to sleep, and I say, not going to pull any more jenga moments, are you?


Did you say storms, Tiberius? War and combat and storms?


Don't touch anything.


(maniacal laughter)


You get ten? Oh. Well, I got a 40, then.


That's good. Seven plus two, so nine points of healing.


Was that in the box?


You didn't pour it.


(normal voice) I'm trying to figure it out. Because if I'm just me, I'm just going to be an asshole. So I have to be somebody else.


No, no, I cast Grasping Vine, which is technically a bonus action. It should not impede with my concentration spell, so we should still have Pass Without A Trace, correct? Nope! I cast Locate Object--


Okay, I'm going to throw Whisper at her, and she's down, so I have advantage. That is a 27 to hit.


What's that? Where is that? (knocking continues)


For all of you.


Did what?


Oh, wait. Darkvision?


Big man, come on. I'm going to need you to dig; it's over here.


Oh, well, if we find an extra one, perhaps I could take that back as a--


She was really, really cool. Did you see that cool thing she had going on with her chin? That's interesting. I wish I would have thought of something like that.


So it's credit, there's credit.


Get more flies with honey.


Can we get back to Umbrasyl's lair? I thought that was a good idea.


I'm making a blank. I'm making a blank with a powder pop. It's going to be a little singe-y.


Spread the word.


Oh, that was so close to being a crit. That is a 33.


I feel like it's been a while since you've done this.


That's better than me. 24.


Oh, you there. Hello. You're still here?


I mean, I could use it right now, but that seems detrimental. If I had proper funding and materials, but maybe later. I'm going to keep it safe, for the moment.


Oh, like a, 13.


Can I propose something to you?


Six. It was four, and then half of that is two, plus my modifier, which is four, so six.


I cast Thunderwave and blast out from where I'm standing between them, 15 feet in either direction.


The smallest amount.


Rock it!


There's something I could do.


Yeah. There's one that's-- we can either go straight, or there's one at the...


I do that every night.


What do you want us to do?


And I don't know if this makes any amount of difference, but for the duration of the spell, I have a 30-foot radius sunlight glowing in my hand.


There are four rooms.


Sweet. And then that's 1d10. So that's a ten. And then... it (exploding sound effect) shatters, and then does-- where the fuck is it-- 2d6 damage as well.


Shawshank style?


No. I don't have that. I have Dispel Magic. Hey, Tary?


16 or 17. 16.


Lift your armor up, Fjord. I've been trying to find out for a long time if I can actually feel a lump.


That's probably what he's going over there for.


I can't stop!


What kind of dwarf? What do you look like?


Do I see him? Can I do a simple recognize check?


I think it's after.


Ah, well.


I might have to get more before we leave this town.


Wait, is it an automatic crit because it's surprise?


She literally has no money to travel.


But in the book it doesn't have darkvision. We did this last--


Of all the things you thought could never be cute. Leatherface.


I mean, we'll see how it pans out, but I feel like everything would come to an abrupt ending if I just walked away at this point.


We can't be everywhere at once.


Ooh, that's good. 21.


Hold on, I'm naked! (whispering) Yeah, I don't know. Do you want to put clothes on? Should we take our clothes off?


I'm going to-- fuck! Ugh, goddamn it. I'm going to double my speed. I'm going to burn my turn double-speeding, trying to--


We just woke up.


Does he need healing?


25 again.


Well, we can if we gather them in one place. Are they attracted to anything like shiny things or movement?


19!


He's going to resist it.


Yeah! Trish the Dish!


I landed on six.


I'll talk to my sister on the way out. I'll write her a letter and see if they can-- they may have to delve into our materials for it, but I think we're good.


My strength modifier is eight.


(imitating Grog) Is this the body-switching episode?


21. Hits, right?


You were firm, but fair.


A gaseous wolf?


So we're going to the blacksmith. Then we're getting Molly a bath.


That would be our line.


Y'all ready for this?


I take it easy. I have one more in the first half of the day, and one in the second half.


Boo!


To be fair, didn't it also get affected by the blast?


I'm just very curious as to the sex of the horse, that's all.


Hey, can I keep that? I think I can throw it later.


Troy didn't know what to make of this when we first started it.


I want to be.


d12.


That's another thing-- and we can table this-- but there is also the possibility that this is all just a honey trap, and that we’re being drawn in for as big a fish than the Knights are themselves.


Wait, who was it that came and talked to us? Who was that?


It's kind of what Molly said.


I don't remember it.


I just did that show with Wil. Titansgrave, which is a different tabletop RPG, and it's really fun.


I'm a barbarian. I have shit for bonus actions.


It's like that video from Ireland. Catch it, daddy!


Is that a hit point ring?


I think that was a great idea.


Lightning, I told you.


I just wrap some seaweed around Caleb.


Not yet. But keep it drawn.


We can leave, right?


Is it a pony suit, is it Spider Gwen? What's she wearing?


You took all of our crits. Thank you.


What if we get some parchment that says from the home office of Lord Sutan?


Into what?


We used to be the SHITs. We used to be the Super High Intensity Team, the SHITs.


We were welding.


He has beautiful hair.


She's not a zombie.


We're looking to-- I'm cutting in for a second--


-- in the last few weeks.


Right! So have you asked her if she's going to help us kill Delilah Briarwood?


I abstain.


I'm sorry, I'm not real strong. I thought you'd make it up.


Eh, let me borrow this. Frumpkin flies just down to the fountain.


I was insight checking him while Nott was talking to him.


I know, it's growing!


And, just for fun, I'll take one more shot.


Everybody back away from this bucket. And I crackle my hands and send a Fire Bolt at the bottom of it.


Plus insight or--?


Do you need anything?


Did they not hear any of the voice?


Everywhere.


So much poise.


Don't move. Don't move. Tieflings can only see movement.


Oh. Who?


Initiative, initiative.


17, which just misses.


Looks could be deceiving.


Well we're not necessarily nice people, so that'll work out fine.


On the way out.


Say it again?


A wench.


(stuttering) Oh my god.


Why don't we all make Sportsball without Travis, and just be terrible at talking about sports, and he'll be like, I can't, I can't watch this, I gotta go do it.


Please make sure she's beaten as you lead her away. I apologize for his fuddy-duddyness.


Gold?!


(mocking) Your hair is so white and beautiful. I'm so in love.


Balcony seats, though. Good view!


That's fine! Taking that shot.


Well, the invisibility only lasts one round.


Does the name ring a bell?


Did we keep the sword? I don't remember.


There's a border patrol?


Who betrayed it.


Yes. This is what we need.


Is there a clear shot of it or is there (bang bang bang) going on?


It was just an observation. Like commenting on the office window? You've gotta put more smile--


We got this, let's go.


I pull off the belt again.


Let's go. Come on, there are things that need to be taken care of, Caleb!


Don't do anything. I'll take care of the snail. (talking over each other)


I cut the head off of the one in the middle.


I can make a little trench, like a trench wall-line for you guys at the top of the ravine, for the shooters.


Well, we played the game once in that back office, so we could just move to you and then bring the stuff with us.


I can use metal. They're basically made of iron, so honestly I don't know.


If, if, if. If any of the monsters we miss went out and spread-- the world's always ending, baby!


I can, but it's under dragon reign. In fact, isn't that where Raishan stopped off?


I could have used it. I cast my pillars, or Grand Columns, as I like to call it, and (piston sound) all the way up and smash that little bastard.


Then it's 20.


Man, I want to learn that trick real bad.


Frumpkin size or smaller?


This is really sad in the weirdest way.


Stone's Endurance. Six plus six, 12. So less 12.


Your house!


I'm beautiful again!


She will rage with her bonus action and no longer be frightened or charmed.


In a box? In the dirt?


I frantically search for a bill that I probably don't have.


But he got pushed.


I don't think that this is somewhere that you can go with me.


The arcane, weird one.


Can I cast Identify on the lock or something?


But before that, it was-- All I'm saying is, he was a rainbow man who represented life at its fullest, and that's what I want. Even more than what we were going for before. Together, we're sort of living life now, aren't we? Before, we were in the darkness. So I know we have things to do, and I want to do them. But the reason I want to find these people and rescue them is not to use them, and it's not because we've invested time in them, but it's because I love them. We need to find them and rescue them because we're a team now. So if you're just using them or whatever, that's fine and I'll support you; but I want to find them so that we don't go back to the way it was, when we were hiding in the shadows and ducking into alleys to get away from people. We were safe, but we weren't really alive, right? With these people, we're having fun and winning contests and killing bad guys and rescuing children, and it's amazing. I hope you're with me on that, and I hope we are on the same page.


