Well, me especially.


Oh. Do you remember the softness of his lips?


G-T-F-O!


Well, he's not going to be able to do that right now because I've got a fucking ring.


That would be a 20-- no. 35.


Could be there tomorrow?


Yes? Sorry.


Before I take us in? Okay.


We're weighing risk here. What do we think would happen if we spent an hour having that Feast right now?


Another thing that I did was go off and get a lathering cream, and the second to last night, after I took Grog out to the tavern, I bought him a lot of drinks.


That's actually a great idea.


So go for the lens?


Vax just died.


Wisdom and death plus what?


I'll trade you a Cyborg for a Spaceman.


I'm going to move my spiritual weapon in the middle, closer to Beau.


Is this how you hold it? This is how you hold it, then?


And I'm up with him.


I mean, this mud is nice.


The clasp is rusted from when we were in the water plane, I can't take it off.


Do they have anything in their pockets?


Things are looking up, I think.


Yes. Come.


Make a summer home underwater.


Yeah, no big deal.


Yeah, that was freaky deaky.


It's a con save.


Okay, my turn. Do I need to first make a constitution save?


That's a detailed map, man.


Oh, that's a big decision for you to make, I think.


But you guys! We've got a whole other round!


Do you want to say this out loud?


Just (chomp).


So you know what he looks like?


These donuts are not that old.


Oh hey, rats.


Oh, I'm gonna use-- I have a heal. I'm gonna heal. I'll use my bonus action to heal.


How do you get out if you are in a mouse?


Oh, I do! Look at the store on Monday. There's going to be some stuff going up!


Pike, if you'd like me to hold your armor or do you want me to take it off for a little while?


That is ten points of damage.


I disperse the magic hand.


Let's give him a chance to 'fess up.


That was three, thank you, three. Sorry, constitution.


I'm on a horse.


No one talks about Scanlan being handsome as much as Scanlan does. That was your first giveaway, mister!


I guess it's just one of those things where-- and she's doing this as she's going through the crates-- I was a kid and I used to ask for dolls and pets and stuff when I was growing up and the cult used to give them to me. Serissa used to give them to me. I don't know. There's a lot of bad stuff in the world and it's nice to appreciate nice things sometimes. I like having and finding cute stuff. Do you not like that?


Not too tight.


Oh, he saved from the spell?


(sings) Roll high.


(singing) I can feel it coming in the air tonight.


We're all before you.


That makes it clear.


Yeah, we've got to do a lot of recon before then. But I think he's got a good point, right? We've got to have like a staging point.


I believe the power would be too great. It will corrupt. People will want to take it for themselves. Arbiter Braum: "Then it has to be taken elsewhere and sealed. Like Kima was requesting."


No, run, run, run. Get out, get out, get out.


That was amazing. Have you ever lied to anybody before?


Hey, Pike? Hold that order for that divine smiting. We're going to need it probably in a second.


I can't talk to you anymore.


Why are you looking at me like that, Pike? Pike, stop it!


But I'm using it. (all laugh)


I saw a lake, a glade, do you know of any?


Yeah. Aggressively.


Fair enough. Okay.


No, it's okay. I've got advantage.


Nott, you're selling yourself short.


Caleb, any other terraforming we want to do over here?


Hey, it's my turn! Do a little stretching.


That's all the points!


Are you about to go?


You've never been here before?


What is he throwing away?


Oh, yeah! Do you want us to do that? Like: Ooh! Ah! You got me in my kidney!


Like Dig Dug.


I think we should all freshen up, since it's a new day!


Can I tow them?


Wait, we have the actual robe? Just give me that.


Is there a key? Where's the key?


Thank you, Trinket, lovely to talk to you.


This is not good, people.


Does it look like the gala is ending?


I'm going to cast Disguise Self. I'm going to look like a-- I seem to recall-- I'm going to make a composite of the most pirate-y-- I've decided everyone who's on a boat is a pirate, so I'm going to make the most pirate-y, drunken old man I possibly can. I'm going to give myself a big, white beard, crazy hair, very unthreatening, buggy eyes. I'm going to continue to circle around the--


The internet went, nope.


He cast Turn Undead. We don't have that.


Deffo.


Yeah. there's a lot of people named Beau. Right?


It'll take a while to make the signage alone.


Well, I can't do much now because if I do anything, he'll break his eagle form.


I close my eyes and think really hard about being directly in front of the tower.


Let's try to save those books before they all burn.


Let's get back. Did you get to sleep, at all? Do you need sleep?


Don't worry about it! We'll deal with it later when it comes up!


We should plan.


And I transform back into myself and whack him on the butt as a thanks.


I'd like to climb up to it.


We can also talk to the Slayer's Take as well.


Quick, tell us your backstory!


The whitestone on the ceiling?


We however came across, in fighting the Chroma Conclave and defeating them, this book which references Opash's search into necromancy. NecromANcy? NecrOmancy.


Well, okay, is what we're trying to do figure out a way to not have to walk in the muck?


We're going to disguise ourselves?


His toga? He's wearing a toga made out of a tapestry.


I'm glad to see you too, Mollymauk.


Oh dear, oh my.


Should we try casting a spell on one of the bowls and see what happens?


We need to undo the stone that has taken over Tiberius and Kima.


So, I think I understand. You have to be naked to cast spells on it. Is that it?


Anything on the body? On the giant? On the pit fiend.


I can do like a Sunbeam spell, that's like a light spell.


I skip away.


Anybody else wants a sip of my heritage?


It's really not. I mean, look how good you're doing, right? Thriving. Surviving.


I don't know if my heart could ever be healed, but I'm okay with that. I feel like if it were put back together then that means Zuala would be gone. I know one day I want to go back there. I don't know where she was buried, but I have so many flowers to bring to her. I don't know what all this means, but I sometimes... I don't know. I don't know. (background music)


It's acrobatics. 22.


You know everything about everything.


Is there anything on the other side I could tie it to?


Oh god. Jesus.


Yeah. Good thing I won, huh?


Do we see the orb? Do we see an orb?


Okay. Can I pick up this new book and leaf through it, and try to see--


So we don't get paralyzed.


I can make that stop happening.


I just snuggle up with Trinket. Hey, bud.


Remember, we asked if it was an actual tree, if it's an actual tree.


This is, yeah. That was a lot. (laughter)


Can we please? I'll give you some of my beef and broccoli.


(whispers) Their families must know pain.


That is the coolest spell ever.


It's Fenthras. And then 25 on the second hit.


-- which I think is eight.


I'll be in the front.


I have a feeling I have to roll really high against fucking Vecna!


I just wonder who "hers" is. Who is that?


Yeah boi.


I don't feel the love! I need to go away for another year.


I do not want to lose the whole haversack. Nope. It's got the Dodecahedron in it.


I could help you with some natural mediciney stuff, maybe.


Asmodeus. I was going to say that as well.


For now. I love you, Keyleth of the Air Ashari.


You didn't have to go to all that trouble to come back here.


You always said you liked that.


Alex Murphy, RoboCop, holla.


Yeah, we're not super deep.


Okay, I'm going to stop, if I see one pick up a ball, I'm going to stop and take an action, if that's okay.


He probably would be less aware. If you scry on Delilah--


Not in a chocolate egg?


Oh that's right.


At this point we have no other plan.


20d6?!


Threats are all gone more or less?


Hi, grumpy.


I'll tap his head and be like  Wake up already.


If there was air where Beau was, wouldn't there be air where Caleb was?


Despite the dick on my page, I'm going to give Scanlan 100 gold to take with Grog to find some junk items that they can put together.


You're probably the person to ask if there's a good tea shop in town. I feel like you'd probably know where to get a nice caffeinated beverage.


So cute. You look like Catherine Zeta-Jones in Chicago.


I take my shillelagh and just let him have it (grunt).


Carvings.


The sky. The sky.


Wait, don't you have to pick up something?


In exchange-- Beauregard.


Are our feet leaving footprints?


I try to look more normal while still taking big strides.


Girl talk.


But you know about where they are, right?


I rolled 19, but then you get an additional 17 because my weird speech about bacon.


Man, how does it work? Does he have several lines open and he switches back and forth?


Well, thank you for catching me up, fellows. What's our mission now? What are we doing now?


Yep. Nope.


I feel like it's dark now.


Not with the eye of that mind flayer.


Hey, that's great! Nicely done.


Stunned.


So I don't have to attack?


I'm going to try the candelabra again see if I can get those flames a little brighter.


Actually, let's grab a few chunks. I may have an idea for later.


I remember saying that we should hide the corpses and Cali actually said, "Don't do it, there's no point to it." So we should blame Cali.


Yeah, I'm staring at you.


I want a fiber optic whip.


Could it still control the others, though?


Is this just to peruse?


I'm asleep on the table.


Which sucks, but that's okay. Then I'm going to attack.


Ugh! Waste of 1,000 bucks.


The carpet. Gimme the carpet.


What is that smile?


Well, here's my thing. Even if she has good intentions. Say she has good intentions and maybe they just wanted to bring the horn back to study it. And no one should be messing with this whatsoever.


Who's the eighth? Count the table, friend.


I think we should hear Vax's opinion of this.


509.


Well, the swords are magic. According to my mum, they go back in our family generations to a very unusual rare line of tiefling that came from a demon of ice that lived inside a volcano. Our family, and I take this with a grain of salt, were royal guards, were entrusted with these magic swords and these swords can only be activated by the blood of the royal family. So in honor of any fighting I ever do with them, I make sure my blood is at least drawn once.


She didn't.


Okay. I fold them back up and I put them under the bed.


Or he can challenge me, and I can, you know.


We're going to pub crawl back to the Keep.


Oh, that's even better. (eating noises)


It's got a happy kitten on it that says "hang in there."


I'm going to hop down in the shit and loop an arm under Thorbir's arm. Come on, old man.


There's a full, two-story hut with a burning fireplace.


Caleb's Alarm spell is going, ding a ling a ling.


(stammering) You could set the place on fire. You could-- I don't know what to do!


We're 30 seconds away from the water. I've already gone this way and come back to you guys. Unless something has jumped in the hole while I was gone in that time, I've already covered this ground.


In front of him?! They were in front of him?


Oh shit. Going planetar.


Seeker Asum is on it. He said that he was going to--


You don't even need to ask that again, the whole night.


I know the Meat Man.


It is as bad as it looks, and if you have any holy people in this city, they will confirm that this thing is fiendish.


I release a low charge of Diplomacy right into him. Just so we're clear.


Oh, let's go this way!


Stay-cation.


-- set a burn mark at a distance.


I think that's the best plan we have, actually.


Immediately after I ran away. They sent out horses. I'm not that fast, but I did fuck up a few of the guards. "By accident. "


(vomit sound)


Did you kill everyone here?


Oh! Go!


Smash. All right, let's get him.


I think we have to do it now, right?


There's that creepy smile again, Beau.


That was quick.


I think we should try and smash it.


It's 19.


If the creature ends its (mumbling)-- must take the dash action. If a creature--


See? She can see it.


A fan art of this moment, please?


This was a research facility for mages. They're super uppity about this shit, yeah.


It's going to be like the Wonka factory, it's just it's going to turn on you.


It just rained though. This is the cleanest I've been in weeks.


Hey Caleb, do you know how to find our way out of this swamp?


Yeah, so I'll get a coin, I'll cast it, go in, if things get bad, I'll use the coin.


We can't see the sphincter!


It moves towards us, within 30 feet, basically.


Because he doesn't have any of my items, does he?


I make my way through. What's going on?


Well, any vampirism is a little unnatural.


I grab Grog by the beard and pull.


Let's do it. I like it.


Good line.


Brooding. Handsome. He was so troubled.


The old movie theater grab?


The last Guiding Bolt.


There's at least five jokes in there.


I'm still wearing my cloak, so do they get disadvantage on attacks against me? Because I'm in the Cloak of Displacement.


Well, that's debatable.


He could!


Double dash into this corner past Beau.


He's right there, though. Flying next to us.


Does the magnifying glass look like it might still work, maybe?


Can Trinket climb?


I do. I'm going to sniff it and shake it out.


Do you really like pink more than purple? Like, as a person?


Take a chill pill, Mrs. Henderson! I need those crotches for my Home Ec project!


Can I sneak into the far hallway that is away from the kitchen?


Can I use my bonus action to Misty Step up behind them and I will kick them down the stairs towards the rest of us?


I'm going to start walking to any of the dead bodies and-- or the unconscious people who are not technically dead yet.


I forget about it too.


Oh, five minutes go by, and--?


One more question!


It might work. (laughter)


Not today!


However many can bunk together, I guess.


Hell yeah, man.


So when she moves into that-- Nila wants to go inside.


Yeah. I mean, one's like more purpley, but I guess that's sky, or swamp?


Wisdom.


Me and you, man. We're out.


Put a lava flow in front of us.


It's obviously shady if we go sneaking in, but if we say, "We're going in the house, because we worry for it," then it's okay.


Yeah, we'll see you back at the (mumble).


I don't know what superior is.


Boots no longer.


Oh boy. Okay, is there a way in?


I understand that without your aid, none of this would have fucking happened in the first place.


This is stupid.


I'm going to see if I can do this really, really quickly.


Check, or saving throw?


Yay! Because he's an asshole. That's six more points of damage.


Mind flayers.


I think they have a lisp.


Sit down.


Of all the hosts they've had, she certainly was the best one.


Oh, you told us about that earlier.


I keep filling up Grog's mug, to make sure he gets his fill.


I think either Percy or I.


Lot of rules.


That's my bad. I'm down here a lot. I thought it was me.


It's all right.


Stone-cold gnome.


My what? (laughter)


I kind of, sort of promised her we would hunt down Orcus.


Right, I'm going to pick a number between one and ten. Ready? Go.


He's a bear!


Let's poison the water supply!


(singing) Heal the world. Make it a better place.


All I know is how hard it is to get into.


We could go into town, and find you a bushy mustache. It's worked for me many times.


How far away are they? Can I turn around and see--


I can shake that with a rage.


Okay, so it's 11. I'm adding my bonus die. God damn it. Nine.


The joy of sitting next to you.


I go up to the snapper and popper guys.


Bladestorms?


You're about to know when I whisper it to you.


We are a hundred percent going to take a shit in the alley.


If we get really thirsty, we'll just come to you in the morning.


I'm picturing beautiful Bob Ross mountains. Just lightly touch.


I move forward and I jump into the radius so I can float up, too. And as I'm flying, I say, I'll save you, Grog!


How long does a fish live in a fish tank?


But what are they?


Yeah, we talked about it, but I can't remember.


Yeah, let's use the Boots of Feral Leaping.


Which is 2d6. Eight plus five, so 12.


Aes.


Well, I guess he took them with him.


We may have gotten married.


Yeah, hey, is anyone tied to a table and needs help right now? Because apparently I'm available now. I'm here to help. (laughter)


Man, doesn't it suck when you don't even get one fucking hit in on this fight? (laughter, groans)


Oh, are we asking for Grog's opinion now?


Well, it was Darin De Paul this past week. We're going to switch it up, depending on what the subject matter is. I really want to do a JPL One Night Only, where we bring all the smart scientist dudes from NASA.


I'm going to kick myself if I'm right.


Who's the prettiest dragon?


Thank you, Tary, good luck. Grog, keep an eye on him, make sure that everything's--


11 plus something? No, I guess it's just 11.


It's a very swaddling hug. You've never experienced anything like it.


Theo, okay.


Yeah, grope that desk.


We’re on a first-name basis now, guys.


We pick him up.


60. I'm a Sharpshooter, so there's no disadvantage.


I'm drunk and fighting in a pit!


I grab Grog and Pike. We're going to run together. I activate my Silence spell. You two are in my Silence spell.


Do I have masculine wiles?


Piercing damage, yo.


I have no idea what that word means, either.


Four. Right.


No, wait! We have to get a good night's sleep. We just used all of our spells finding this shit!


Three plus seven is-- this is my flametongue dagger, so that's-- Oh, hold on, no, I don't know what it is yet. Where's my pencil? I'm sending my dice everywhere. Nine plus six, ten, 15, 18, 40. 58 on one slime.


Mm. Tastes like strawberries. And sweat.


He swept up.


They'll probably be pretty happy that the people that have been hurting them are being punished.


I'm at negative one.


Yes, Percy, I wonder why.


Someone just got really excited when we mentioned the name Allura.


I'm pretty filthy. I have a mess of reddish-brown hair, and really filthy road clothes. I wear a long coat that I slept in. I slept about 20 hours last night. Jeez. Unshaven, a bit of a mess.


All right. So we've cleared a few things, right? You seem untrustworthy, and broken, so therefore we like you. What else can we learn about you?


Seems like overkill. What about a Thunderwave? Can I do that?


Look, we haven't got all day. How do we fix it--


It could be a different house.


It's a bonding trip.


I've got nothing else to do.


Yeah, let's go!


All right. I'm so excited. I'm just going to take a swig.


Yeah! Slightly? Completely butcher! (laughter)


Oh, for dex. Plus nothing.


Yeah. 25.


Three different places.


Okay, see? That's better. 15.


Okay, I ignore it. I'm also going to take a penalty to my attack bonus to attempt to do some damage and to not kill, but injure, if possible.


It might say "friendship" in Ashari.


As we're running I cast Pass Without A Trace again. Should I?


So foggy.


Constitution  that's part of my physical stats as being an elemental, correct? It's con, strength, and dex. Never mind. Yeah.


I think that's a great idea.


You did this?


(whispers) It wasn't my first sword.


Not me, I'm tired.


The best teachers will teach you that.


Kerrion Stonefell.


That is the sort of decisions we're going to start having to make.


Or our bed's not on braziers, no.


I'm going to go talk to Caduceus.


I can at least try, right?


Grog! (gurgling noises)


My name is Taryon Darrington, I am an adventurer, and I have more recently set out on my journey, that is true.


You should go open it! Yes! Go grab the bag!


Are you from Tal'Dorei?


We send the message back to The Gentleman, and we'll collect our money.


Which is where the Soltryce is.


Yes. Cool. What can you do with it?


(moans) (laughter)


Let's keep looking.


Gets a little bit of a nosebleed.


I think 60, earthglide?


Jesus, really? Oh, god. I take one of my arrows that has the owlbear feather on it, and I put it down next to her because I know she loved owlbears.


Hairy?


Where's Nott? Where are you?


Should we set it on fire, or should we see if it's living?


Is it time to take what we need from this thing?


Also, Nott said that there's like a fuck ton of gunpowder under the ship, so.


We're getting the fuck out, right?


Best wisdom roll of my life.


I'll have one of what he's having, as well.


That's nine points of force damage.


Oh my god, did you send your daughter down to get attacked by a giant bulbous shit?


But I have disadvantage on attack, but that doesn't matter.


(laughs) Good one, Grog. I mean, yeah.


Nott. Nott?


Dexterity saving throw? That is so much better.


Took a day.


Marvel character.


We all have to move together.


Do we really need it?


So dreadful.


Yeah, like a firing line.


Oh, what's the name of that? Oh yeah, Lego Marvel Avengers.


I know, can't let that go.


Is he blond? Is he a blond half-elf?


Why on god's green earth is it even here? I don't understand.


Yeah, I stole them off of a really rich guy.


But I'm in the cone of shit?


Whitestone's pretty strong.


That's a big natural one.


We're going to make some wonderful comment cards for Balan.


It's the saxophone player from Lost Boys greased up!


It was so much fun, getting to talk about all the shit we never actually get to talk about with other people.


I walk out in a black cloak.


That's two of them!


I think I studied this artist back at home.


I'm creating a breakable ice shield for when it's time, but I'm just giving the nice cover.


I'll go toward the front with the twins?


I have reasons, I can stay, I just need to converse with somebody to see where my next step leads.


I give her the universal rogue movement for scoot back. Yeah, keep going. Ten feet or so. All right. I'm going to inspect and try to do the same. 26.


-- we can resuscitate the kraken.


Molly and I are trucking after where Caleb just went through.


Oh well technically it was Caleb, technically.


Split level condo.


Because, here's the thing. If they fight with us, it's great, but if they turn on us then we are going to have to fight them at full power again.


Diplomacy really isn't that bad!


I'm going to case Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


I was just thinking that. It's a redefinition.


Does it work with medium armor?


Please don't kill me.


No, yeah, Trinket tried to kill me, but don't worry, everything's fine.


No, we're going to hell.


I'm going to assume I have deduced somewhat what is going on here.


Yeah. I have them. Can't they cast like Confusion or something like that? Or can they cast--?


Smoke that for me!


What was our goal for subscribers for the night, too?


I use a special ranger knot that's really extra strong.


I would not want to gamble with our reward of 700 gold. Perhaps we should leave and collect our reward and then find our revelries elsewhere.


Do we see the imp downstairs anywhere?


We're just reiterating the things that you told us you were going to say.


We don't have anything.


The town has been pulling together, and we have been doing what we can with what we have.


So we need to go in the top, yeah?


(snarls)


I'm also going to--


Velvet Cabaret.


Yeah, I talked to some people from there, yeah.


I thought you would go down in one shot, and you were still standing!


I like it, it's like a celebration.


Is it more tasteful in the mansion?


Between the stealth cart and the dome, we're going to be rolling dirty.


At worst, we've got the pretense of being emissaries from Emon looking for help.


A lot of people talk about that.


I know a lot about Hellboy.


Can I loot the bloody giant?


Totally. What's the flower of Westruun?


Not really. Not really.


Pike definitely takes it. With her Mace of Disruption, she gets an extra 2d6 radiant damage.


I'm trying to activate these, and they require pain. (yells)


I'm going to take my old little dry flowers and just stick them in his gross, ichor-y hair.


I hate you. I hate everything that you stand for. Oh, this is nice. This is, um.


Okay, I'm going to get low to the ground, and peek in the door.


I just want to get some water.


They never paid due on the order that we sent them.


Okay, be stealthy. You have advantage.


It's 56. Just the sneak attack damage alone.


Literally just got back.


Oh. Everything makes sense now, Tiberius.


Definitely should still leave.


(slurring) That's really good bile!


We want to see you there on October 4th.


Okay. Boots on, I'm going to arc over to ten feet away from the baby.


Huddle up again.


Well see, don't hurt him. He actually helped us defeat Vecna. He pulled a tricksy-doodle and took the hand.


That's nine plus two, so that's 11.


I'm going to-- I can't bail on Jester. I'm going to fire two Eldritch Blasts at the dragon, trying to get its attention.


This is his normal look-- I think it's very nice, actually.


I didn't know that was for me.


Steve Blum, Troy Baker.


I was waiting for that anyways so, I'm going to--


Every time we break into someone's house it turns out poorly.


Yeah, everybody take a thousand gold.


No, I'll stay there.


Percival, you've got to stop. This is madness! This is that spirit of yours.


I can say that.


These are the most intense public officials I've ever attempted to swindle, so I'm not entirely sure what we do at this level.


(farcical Czech accent) Two wild and crazy clerics.


Come on, let's go find a quiet place to sleep. I'm exhausted.


It's so nice!


Okay. 27 plus sneak attack?


She heard!


I'm going to go gingerly there, where she was.


They do take-- if they do their dexterity saving throw they take half. Again. It says that if you--


Just regular plain old check?


I've got more. Sure. You can take all you want. Everything in the store is yours.


(chanting, rhythmic breathing)


Hey Scanlan Two.


This is going to be hard on the boat.


Pay attention!


Ja, you can go out and in, and you can-- sorry. You can put your weapons through it, but no magic will go in or out. But you can leave and come back anytime you want.


You know, things that the Player's Handbook does not tell you. I just want to point that out.


Hey, man. Did we hit 10k?


Pat Planetar.


It was my footprints you saw.


Do you want them dead?


Bondage friends.


Okay. Where's my proficiency-- oh five, I got it.


Yes, I want it to be an attack.


Okay, do I have to roll... oh no, do I have to roll again for -


That may be what your life is worth.


I don't want him to hurt them.


Ooh. Chod!


Bad News. I don't know if this also doubles-- I don't think it does-- but I'm pouring all of Cabal's Ruin into this shit, too.


Yes. That's what I wanted!


I don't think they're trying to arrest people on the way out.


(straining) Ugh. Can I set you down now?


Grog, don't touch that!


-- rocks and the trees and birds in the sky.


Please, we know you're going to transport to another plane.


Just hanging out.


And I'm right above her?


Hey Scanlan? You want to use your dragon fisting friend to put that pyramid in the coals and heat it up and then shove it back in?


Wait! Where're you going? I want to go to the library. Yeah, beard trimmer.


And where exactly did you find this information? On this dickhead?


Well, I'm going first, so I've got the goods already.


You know it well, I would hope not from personal experience?


I'd be down for that.


Frumpkin starts chittering.


Do they like each other?


Might as well go with the flow.


No, you, here, you take care of him, I'm right next to Scanlan,


Are we making our way back?


Ooh! That's good.


What about me?


Yeah, that's what happened to me that day.


Don't take your superior, though.


And he only listens to you.


Minus four. Or minus a d4.


Let's feel around, wiggle around.


I can't Cutting Words the damage?


Great. I can do my thing now?


Slip by the back, yeah.


I'm going to move back by where Fjord is right now, behind that column.


Because we want them to die? I think we should probably wake everyone.


That's fine, give me one more.


Any? He wouldn't be surprised after the first one.


I don't know what that is. Is that a six or a nine?


He called you a lady.


Roll a d20 and add my wisdom modifier?


I saw so many things.


That means that the city's going to be without electricity.


I will eat you with a lovely chianti and some vafall.


In Celestial  The blue one is getting pouty, we better switch back to Common.


Can you make a distraction far away from us?


But we fight well.


Yeah, we should probably, if we can, take a short rest.


As we're leaving, I walk up behind Lyra and I put my hand on her shoulder, and then I reach down and grab her bag of gold and I (clears throat) and look down to it and say, you might want to keep a better eye on this, darling. There are very very nasty people around.


Oh, I've got it, I've got it. Faster. What if Caleb burns all of your clothing and you go in as a burn victim?


I'm Vanilla Sky right now.


Hell yeah! Let's do this!


Yeah, only for a little bit.


Pick up Vax!


Now, Jester, if I may, we are already in a little bit of a pickle.


No, that's not what I was going for, I wanted to know what he looks like.


I jump on to Grog's foot. (all laugh)


I was a working actor.


I think that was more you than the dagger, though.


You're fine when you're next to me.


Shit! Well, that didn't do much.


I've been a bit obsessed, I'm sorry.


Not that I’m here.


Oh, Clarota, can you Dominate him?


I thought he was out.


Not as good. 17 to hit.


I use two sorcerer points, and with the other one I do Glacial Blast at the other guy.


And I will sing with whatever wind I have left in my body, "(singing) Vax’ildan, you’re going to put up a good fight, Vax’ildan, I need you to put up a good fight. Put up a good fight! Put up a good fight!"


I agree. Drinks and whoring.


Fucking meatbag, getting knocked around all the time.


Additionally, we can play monkey in the middle; as long as Vex is in the center you can be 50 feet or so ahead, and everyone else can be either with Vex or back.


That's a triangle.


Oh. Our horses are okay?


"I'm sick of all you people pushing me around, I'm freeing this djinn and I'm setting sail for another land." How about all of that?


But why does it only happen when it's a story element?


We get tons of fanart, that's paper.


Does it look like happy fire smoke, or bad, unfortunate, something's burning, dark?--


Who has a medicine?


The horn of Sauron, is what it said.


Come here. All right, and I get in there and I'm going to do Cure Wounds and there's going to be a little bit of lichen that grows on the wound really quickly.


It's just within the sphere they're blind.


Can it? By magic, maybe.


Fuck, so good.


And Lumberjanes. And other things soon to be revealed.


The broom.


I'll go ahead and use my 30 speed to close in on the proned-out. Great, and I'll use Eldritch Blast against that.


Just free-flowing? No fancy braids or buns or anything?


Plan B, we're all sextuplets--


Yeah, you take it.


That's fine!


That raises the stakes! (all laugh)


She'd become an earth elemental in solid earth.


The druids are dropping us off at the base of the mountain. We don't really know where either of those things are.


No, I remember what I skimmed, but I don't--


If you don't make eye contact.


It takes time to make a --


Or turn into something that attacks?


I'm going to pump a 3rd-level Divine Smite into it. Which is-- bear with me, now.


I thought we had a lawyer for this. I thought we had Burt Reynolds, esquire.


And you're so concerned with your goblin friend. I mean he's in the same boat as the tieflings.


Might still be able to do it.


No, I mean, there's nothing to attack in front of her.


Right here, put me out of my misery.


Did it look like it actually affected him, the fire?


That's actually an even better idea.


I rolled a natural 20!


Well, Nott, you go up. You can just Message me.


Lady Kima, I am not saying that what we are doing here is not just. I only wish that you understand-- and I humbly thank you for your appreciation and thanks for coming down here to rescue you. But you are correct. We have lost a friend. Someone who we have been through a lot with, way more than we have been with you. So. Before we start boasting congratulations and you start thanking us, why don't you wait? And we'll see what happens when we all get out of here first.


Okay, so I start slathering her up.


Me? Shit. Is that the old lady over there?


I will move back a bit. Away from the thing. And I will-- Oh! We have people.


Okay, before we start hitting him up for work.


Like you've just kissed Spider-Man.


The cast is using D&D Beyond every week, except for Taliesin.


I toss them 20 gold. An extra 20 minutes, please.


Are you checking your DnD Beyond specs?


Not with an actual snap, but yeah, I can do that. I don't have to snap, though. I can be really quiet when I do it-- pretty quiet, I actually have to say something, now that I think about it.


I was educated.


I mean, yes. This is very dark, dark time.


How far away is that?


On the ground, I mean, because there's no chairs.


Well, that's where I will send Frumpkin along the ceiling. Then when he gets to a door, he can go down the door and under, if there is a gap, and then up the door.


She's a paladin, she's good, paladins are good by--


No pressure, at all, but it is nice to have some muscle around.


I hope we can take it and it actually does damage.


Did I miss something, I don't--?


And you think, he has it all.


That was stupid. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry.


Are we going there?


What about this guy? For Wildmount! Your brigade!


Okay. I'll take 50 gold worth.


Pulling him underwater.


We need a mnemonic device. Come! We'll think of one.


What did you say the name was of the Raven Queen's temple, again?


We set it free.


Enough to get back to our friends, probably.


Is Fjord alone in this room?


Was I in the butcher's? Because that would be some real horror-level shit.


Of people!


They kill the tax man.


I'm busying myself trying to bandage any of the survivors that seem injured.


Give me a little bit more. Who's this 'him' that you're looking for?


Can I, since it's only five feet away on the left, can I look around and see if it looks like there's any similar sort of traps or anything down that hallway?


But I don't like how dark it went, Percy. It went really dark.


And I just say, red alert, red alert, think we got a kraken coming. Think the weather is calling for a kraken tonight.


Oh. Yeah. Well, in the fray of the Richter coming in, he lunged at her and put a little gem in her mouth. They exploded.


But I could go in like a spider and be a spider. I also happened to bring Hallucinatory Terrain today, so depending on how smart we think the lycans are, maybe I can make it look like we destroyed it.


From Richter to Sutan we did, so we're leaving those, and we're leaving a note--


I'm wide-eyed and not responding.


Good plan.


I'm down for doing this.


I pull my hood up.


I get behind Jester and start massaging her traps.


I'm like, come on.


Do you have a number after your character?


As we pass that big ogre on the way out I say: Kutha, keep it real, all right?


When was the-- yeah, all right.


(whispering) Hey, Pike.


I'm holding onto the hand?


I came with one. But I have two windows!


Yeah, I could see how that would appear that way.


We have to fetch him.


This is her day job!


Eating a dead body.


You're great at jumping over small bodies of liquid, Marisha.


Yeah. I turn around to group, and do like a-- And then I go down over, stealthing along the way.


I'm sorry. Sorry, Matthew.


You shouldn't have taken off running!


Oh god! That looks like a big hand.


Roll super good.


Percy knows knows.


What? We've got a really large amount.


I can make room in the Bag of Holding for the armor, but I have to get rid of one of these two bodies. Does anybody object if I throw one of the bodies at the little black marble?


One does not, sadly.


The plan is walk until we get there.


The gift was the adventure.


Thank you for the advantage.


(as Grog) He did it!


I'll use this for the first roll, which will be seven points of damage. Yeah? Second roll. Ugh, that was a one.


Hit her with a Sleep spell.


You can just leave.


No, we'll leave the rock here.


Look at her, Grog. She's helping an innocent bystander. She didn't have to!


Would we be passing through the Pentamarket on the way to the Leaky Tavern?


What does?


He did just take down an old man so our streak against the elderly is going strong. (all laugh)


Can we see him?


Completely fair.


That one. The one holding the tridenty thing.


But make it not obvious, because it doesn't want to look like we covered the windows.


I feel like we don't need an insight check to know he was lying.


Oh, you told me about your ability to make things quiet around you.


Jesus. That's a natural one.


Ditto!


Well, let me just think for ten seconds only.


Greyskull!


The head-shake afterward is the best


Okay, I'm going to move to the guy who's been attacking my boy, Fjord.


Nothing, he likes it, feels good.


Fucking fuck! We didn't end up playing this. But wait, we remember the rules?


Rolling with Gil.


Pike, heal us all. We love you.


I reach into the Bag of Holding and think about one basilisk egg.


We're putting our stuff down and we're also-- How late is it at this point?


I am?


Yeah. Reckless, great weapon master.


I had a whole, I used this color dice.


I think we're going to need some general goods. I've got some ideas of some stuff we could use on the road.


We're going to give him at the end, right?


You used Healing Word.


My dex modifier, thanks. Thank god. 13.


What does Owl's Wisdom do?


On an axle bar, too.


Don't! Stop. (laughter)


They don't look like they're afraid of walking around?


A big title card comes over the frame  Night One. (laughter)


I'd be happy for an assist, unless you're doing something.


I have an extra flask.


Did you snap him out?


How would we free the prisoners, first of all?


I'm on an elevator with a bear.


Man, though, I want to be at Ren Faire right now.


And I'm not that far. You heard me, the other way! The other way! And I move in the room with these guys.


So, one individual of your family sees something, the entire hive sees the same, is that correct?


Then I'm going to slide along the wall up to where Grog is.


You're at 24? Fuck.


It was slim fast. Slim feast.


I just know a guilty man when I see one.


Is she watching?


How's that sail coming, Jester?


Nope. 12?


Yes, trust me --


We'll find out.


(deep warped voice) What do you see?


Anything happen when I touch the water?


Well, I already-- yeah.


Kima's turning to stone.


How much was it?


While all that is going on, I have a broom in my hand.


Pike, I have a porno book that I really think I shouldn't have anymore. Can I give it to you to take it away--


2d8?


You've tried to steal from us. Not me, us. This is where the circle has to start. We will support you in doing some ridiculous stuff, but you have to keep it outside.


I love this cleric.


It's like, I don't know. But I was thinking, I have all three trammels, right, and I need to get real close to do anything to Vecna. Is it stupid for me to have all of them?


It was quite wonderful.


Dead?!


Nope. Never mind. Damn. That was good thought, though.


I'm going to pour another glass of wine.


I'm going to take my claws up and rake him!


Switch that fucking dice out!


Kiri, help us look for a stone.


Failing? Yeah, I touched it. Use the one that I touched.


You grabbed me. You ask first.


Aberrations?


And I take the fire hand and I stick it, and I light up my fire and I stick it in the fire.


The Ruby of The Sea says hello.


You don't shoot with your gun, you shoot with your heart.


Oh shit. Shit, shit, shit. He's still at like really high health, too. The king.


You look chiseled.


What gods live there?


(sings a fanfare) I've brought one from your house.


Yeah. Imma throw up. No, I'm okay. No I'm going to throw up. No, I'm good. I'm just going to drink my mimosa.


What is today?


You good? Do we need to get out of here?


Are they flying off a cliff?


16 plus six, so 22?


Gambling?


I love you guys. Please come back.


Knock down the shoes.


Yeah, they're little seals, little arcane seals underneath it. You pick it up and try to put it back, but the seal's gone.


And this is why you kept up our accusations against us in front of him?


Oh, 16 here.


No, I don't mean it like that. I'm not saying, you know, "Woe, poor me," or something, but--


These are crazy! Holy balls!


We'll take a slightly early break in the long run.


Appropriate.


Maybe Nessa and Zahra have seen him. We could find out. We could use another healer, always.


Yeah. It's a top secret title and it comes with all the land and money, and a bunch of short names.


Stay frosty? Stay frosty.


He definitely has 100 gold on him. Just saying. Possibly so much more.


Wait. Y'all aren't in the Shadowfell anymore?


It sounds pretty crazy.


Goodnight, lovely people.


What time does the sun set?


I'm going to fly to the side against the wall.


Yeah, I'll Dimension Door to the platform on the other side.


I need to rest.


He's got that whole barbarian "knock me down, I get back up again" thing.


I'm going to saunter over to the pile of ash and see if there's any proof that I can grab that we took care of this.


Your call.


It's like a DM version of natural 20.


That would be it. You can go on.


What happened to like two of us getting arrested?


Nothing back here!


Can I flank? Get around so Beau and I are-- yeah.


Ooh, what'd you find?


I fucking-- right? Saw that adrenaline pumping.


Don't make me run, I'm full of chocolates! I saw Fjord talking to the wharfmaster, so I will wait until Fjord is finished, and then I will go up and talk to him as well.


Because I had a Cutting Words a while back.


You could pop in where? To her ship? To her captain's quarters?


A pagan ritual.


Wasn't it Pike who killed Sylas or was it you? It was you. Oh, that's right, and you said "eat a bag of dicks."


Leave me, I'm fine, this is cozy.


Yes, you can fly him, right?


Why are you so interested in people's sex lives, Caleb?


Also available in green.


Grand Poobah, here.


Okay. With my initial attack as I run up, can I take my staff and try and take them out at the knees? Just a sweep?


Oh, are we in combat rounds?


Well... (all laugh)


Cloaks, cloaks!


Okay. I try to lay him down gently.


Also, that boat is fucked and they could shoot us to bloody hell if they wanted to, so it won't be that big of a stretch if we wanted private sleeping quarters.


He's got one more.


So nice to meet you.


Every fucking moment of my backstory, man. I'm so excited for this shit.


Don't be jelly.


I'm so sorry, I wouldn't have dropped the Bane, then. I'm so sorry. I didn't see that it was concentration. That would have changed my plan--


What's going on with you guys? Because I just asked him and he got really awkward. I mean, is it for real? Is it definitely happening? Are you guys "in love?" Getting married? Having babies? Little druid babies?


He was my mentor, a captain of mine. A man named Vandrin.


Wait! What are you doing over there?


We're going to throw down, this is gonna be Marvel versus DC in this bitch.


"Back in time"? (laughter)


Those are fair odds, we'll take that.


You're doing it!


I think you've done better.


Maybe somebody at the docks in Emon would know?


Trish the Dish.


Not great. Just an intelligence check?


Ah, c'mon!


And I'm hidden-- I'm stealth already, I think, right?


Whatever it is, Matt's been sitting on it for months. Months.


We're really, really bad.


It's fine, it's nothing. It's fine, it's just a little blood.


Before we go on the bee tour, if there's any time, do we see any magic shops? Weaponry?


The head. Be a head! Be a giant, floating, severed head, I like it.


How much does he weigh? (giggles)


And weirdly hairy shoulders. (all laugh)


This can't go wrong.


Did you read the dice on the shirt?


I think down, but I don't know how to get there.


Now I cast Glacial Blast, right under him, like a slide, right towards us-- and catch him.


You guys have really bad memories because it was not like this at all.


I join Nott. We'll flank.


Wow, we have gold coins. Is it real gold coins? Is it fake gold coins like you and Caleb did?


My book! I got my book!


And I grab his hands with the Titanstone Knuckles--


Our dark-leaning thing goes tick.


Agreed. Same here.


Sit! Come in, please.


You go first.


It's a soup bowl, then?


It was the Squalleater.


I'm going to do reckless Trip attack.


Come on, Chip 'n' Dale.


Yeah, he's, you know.


Oh yeah, good point. Yep!


Oh, I have advantage? Nah.


Tylieri?


And then never gave it back.


I'm sure this is going to go dandy. 19! (laughs)


It's like a synth wave album.


We're just sort of afraid it will take over someone's mind or something.


But she was also gentle sometimes, and I get it now. I see the appeal. I understand. Women are soft and tender and (clears throat) they are not for me. (laughter)


While they're rolling, I grab Nott's shoulder and turn on the Jacques Cousteau camera on Yasha's back.


And I have gum.


Yeah, Kiri's wonderful.


Before we walk into the place, I turn my coat inside out, back to the blue.


And I got shit for talking about bears today.


Makes sense.


What the fuck was it, Fjord?


Me? And Trinket.


Oh, that's true! (fake sobbing) That is my backstory!


Can we go inspect those structures up there?


Did I see where the creature went?


We have some friends that are stone right now.


I know, it's nice.


I will unhitch the stakes.


The Bellows' Respite.


I don't know if there's actually time for that, though, to take.


Should we have her sign something? I mean, should we have a release form?


Out never came up?!


Yeah, I feel pretty good about this.


Are we getting closer?


It's just tobacco, Scanlan.


No, it gets better.


And that is eight damage.


We should not take the bridge.


Oh, are we all going down to the ziggurat?


Dear god, I can't believe this shit.


Yes. I'll follow suit. I'm going to... I'm going to straight-up cast this because I have to. I cast Telekinesis and I pull the eye out. (sucking noise)


Keep going! Distract him with your morning radio program!


The nutshell protecting that core needs to be defeated first?


Sorry. 24 plus ten is 34 plus Hunter's Mark is another four. 38 on that attack.


Holy shit. Natural 20 on my turn, saved my life.


I was like (heavy breathing).


Why don't the half-elves go real quick, just to stay small and quiet. No clanking, no crushing. You take a look at the wall, and then we just call everybody up. Just two seconds if it's the way to go.


Juggernaut.


One of them is way up on a tower, and one is on the other side of a row of buildings from you.


I roll twice? Do I roll twice?


What is that again? Did it change since last time?


All alone?


I would smile right now if I could. (laughter)


Oh. I thought you got--


Is this what you all are about?


When you're an adventurer--


We forgot to ask.


But you said half.


Again, you ever have that dream where you look in the water and you see another face looking back at you, like you're someone else?


And since we are about to risk our lives...


Tiberius, what can you see around you?


You let the lightning out of the bottle.


Because this is funny.


Persuasion? Well, deception's higher, but I'll try persuasion. (laughter)


The lady of the night, if you will!


Yeah. Just keep on him.


That means a lot, Vax.


Yes, with the dragon in them.


It was just very high-pitched, is what I mean.


There's a third door. I once knew someone who met a bad fate in acid. I would prefer to not encounter it myself.


Acid-- No, I have acid, you had cold.


I will be lucky Pierre, right in the middle.


It's more of a cush posting.


Actually, if you come-- well, that would be interesting, actually.


I am not. I am actually quite stocky, thank you very much.


All right, I've got double speed. I go right towards the table, make an acrobatics check to slide my ass across it--


Would you, perhaps, do this?


You are quite different. That's something to be proud of.


Right, those.


All right, there's a river.


Or every week.


Well, that's the question  are we going to be able to grab a cart or two from the circus?


No, it's 45. That's why I was saying 20 feet.


That's a fantastic idea.


I bring Sprinkle out from inside my hood and make sure he was okay during that whole fight.


Oh no! Why? What are you at?


Why is everyone yelling?


And why did you infiltrate the castle? That's how the British people say it


Yes, it's using five charges from the Fireball. Oh! No, can't do that. Doesn't have the wand. Never mind! Then in that case, he's going to do Bigby's Hand!


Did you say that because you wanted to tell me something?


Oh no! The internet! Can you hear me, Ashley? (groaning)


Another big charity cause tomorrow. Where you're on drums. So tomorrow the Battle of the Bands from 5-7PM. Your team, in case you don't know, is you, Felicia Day, Tom Lenk, and Josephine, one of our mods. See, Felicia was doing this thing where she was like, what team could I put together that will immediately win fan-favorite without doing any actual work? So we saw your plan, Felicia, and we came back with our team of Lucas, Mr. Spoopy in the back, running the tech board.


Yeah, all right. He's getting it in the dusty jaw.


The Crick is right between these two? Beauregard and Molly?


I think they'll come around.


Retired fisherman?


A bad face.


They make badass notebooks!


A frickin' cat!


We need to find a frost giant, first.


Special veteran's edition of Lucky Charms.


So we can put him in the mansion?


Okay. Concentration check. Concentration? I've never rolled for concentration. Oh wait!


Pulls her in and touch foreheads. I don't think we're going to be waiting for long; I really don't.


Playing tour guide?


Do we need light?


I want to go back and over on this side. Yeah, a little bit closer. Yeah.


Oh, I'm not opposed to going down there, I just mean are we waiting until cover of night or are we doing this--


That's the only thing that gives us a fighting chance.


I punch him.


Hey, did you guys know that Travis is the smartest guy at the table?


I lost my dice.


Half that. So what did you give me for damage?


(rock voice) Knock-knock.


All right, plus ten, so fifteen.


You're such a dick.


The Bowl of Judgment?


Can we see how far ahead-- does it look like it goes on for a while, this chasm?


(laughs) Hi, Vex.


Too much.


I wish I could restore you.


Man. Pikey.


An action surge is a bonus action, right?


The guard's a critter!


Will Kima be there?


Sent by whom?


Yeah, I can grapple a massive beast.


Okay, yeah. So I'll wander back, and I say, my friends here are willing to go on a retrieval mission. I'm assuming you folks could use some rest, and the hospitality of the town isn't what it used to be, but I'm sure a lot of people would be very glad to see you. Have you set up protections? Did you hide the treasure?


Forget about strawberry, how about raw-berry! (all laugh)


That's a 17 for investigation.


Half my movement.


When we come back, our keep will be gone.


Ooh! That seems useful.


I slit its throat, yeah.


He's actually a very generous DM if he does that. I actually make my players roll damage when they upset me.


I reach across the table and I just punch him in the face.


We come running up.


Ghost cow.


That's your brain, man. I sat next to his body, waiting for people to come back, they never did. I piled some of Keyleth's flowers on his chest, and then I fell asleep, in the field, six feet away from him. Party!


Bummer. Okay. Good to know. And do I sense Raishan?


I throw him the coin purse and I say, I expect to see that doubled when I get out. And I jump into the pit before Kern even arrives.


You know, the cure for that is actually on my man Vax's groin. It's very magical.


That was cool. You were arrested.


That does-- God, new gun, there we are. That's six, 22 points of damage.


Yeenoghu?


No, it's something that-- it projects itself into animals?


Laughing at your accent.


I feel like at this point we don't really have another option.


Grog. Grog is my name.


I've got a great idea. Let's send Trinket to go check out the tree.


You need to take it easy for a moment. You just went through some shit, Keyleth.


I belong. And I will vouch for you.


Is that where your clan is from?


Tova had--


Buy those shirts!


Yes, there will be plenty of scales. Very good for armor and--


The toppest.


But did Yasha?


He's this really creepy weirdo they always talk about.


Fellow critter! Alec!


Correct. WheelyFactoids. "Liam, do you prefer single- or double-edged blade, and Laura, what color is Trinket?"


I'll move to Keyleth and say  Tova, are you coming with us? You have to, sort of.


Exactly. My uncle is actually the diplomat from Emon here, in Vasselheim.


Then the rest of them hit, too. It's like 21 and 20, so let's get some d10s out.


Can you give us a moment? (softly) Please?


Yeah, it wasn't a guy with a cat hat. He was a demon.


That's nine. That's another ten is 19--


Okay. I remember we went to the Plank King and we took the path to get to him. How far away is the base of his mountain? His stairs?


The giant constrictor snake--


Nothing you do does what you want it to do.


I'm going to load up my-- whatever this thing is.


I think we won't mention to anybody that we threw you a little cash. I mean, obviously, that doesn't need to travel, and, you know, whatever you need to do to maintain. I understand dignity is a thing.


Watchmaster?


He heard?


In the immortal words of Laura Bailey, "Mother bitch!"


It's entertaining.


I wonder, would it be ironic if the kraken gets frustrated trying to peel off the armor? It'd just be a wonderful irony. I'm so sorry, sir.


I thought you said roll.


You're the only one there.


The ring's a loaner!


Oh, I was asking Matthew, these are the same two books?


It took us a year.


Tary! Ugh.


I'm good with these terms. Follow me please.


Right. It's like the little, you know, when you're learning lyrics for karaoke and the little thing bounces along.


I can make other animal shapes, too.


Shouldn't have been a dick.


Why didn't you come?


That's what you get for getting knocked up, man. Right there. Sorry. (laughter)


Oh, I'm sorry, Jorge.


I could use your assistance. I don't think I should have this, and I need this to be taken away from me before I do something foolish. And I hand Pike my contract.


Yes, 24 hours for a 150-foot cube, I make a terrain look, sound, and smell like some sort of other terrain.


Just run in, surprise him.


Terrible round. Done for me.


I'm going to bake a pie and deliver it-- okay, I'm going to run back towards that red crystal.


Yeah. I recently started my own Twitch stream. So you can follow me and watch. I play a lot of video games, guys. It's horrible addiction that's amazing. But it's @orionacaba on Twitch.


God dammit.


Not yet, not yet, not yet.


I'll go with you to Kymal.


Yay, little snitch.


You know what? Just three of them. (battle cry)


Can you put the ball slightly into the ground, or no?


But then we'll face her head on.


Don't you want to kill this dragon, Grog?


To the tree, to scariness.


Go Jester, go Jester, go!


(singing) Anything can happen in the woods.


Wait wait wait wait-- Yes, yes we will, but hold on, can I have a look at it? Can you have a look at it? We'll just take a look. And then you do it.


Hi, Pike!


None of us have rolled this well in so long.


Fuck, balls. Hey, y'all, plus one. Don't worry. Four.


You've had access, but you were blocked?


Yeah, was it evil? Or could we have saved it?


This is cool. But what would we do with it? We can't trade it.


We don't have the mansion, right?


Who's in charge?


He's held. And also, we probably can't tell if he's giving up because he probably can't talk.


I also thought of something overnight. All right? It hurt, because it's kind of brilliant. Can you hold your breath for-- (whispering) what's higher than ten?


The last episode of the third campaign will be a door that we do not open.


Yeah, enough. Inspiration because fuck it, why not? Yep. That's 33.


International House of Bosoms


For the moment I scootch Frumpkin down to the floor and send him off towards behind these gentlemen to hang around under that spot, for the moment.


Yeah, that's duergar. That's dark dwarves.


Yeah, 19 to hit.


Wait, you guys are all doing this to me?


I've done a lot of stupid things in my life, and I've never had any regrets, really. I do know the chance you took on me, and I've confirmed your worst fears, and then some.


I'll take the rod.


Okay. That would be 30.


What happens now? Do we just go home after this or is there some sort of soirée afterwards?


Dorito's a failure, you guys.


It would be best to go there and cut them off. We know that they're coming from the west. There's got to be a way to get there.


Sure, yeah. Yeah.


Why would you do this?


We left our names.


Yeah, but we need to do a feast before we go back. Well, the thing is, it uses a spell, so it has to be within the 24 hours.


Waffle presses.


Just a nine.


Massage?


Nott, shut up! Because there's treasure and stuff.


I think all three of those are within 30 feet then, at this point. I think that's pretty fair. I'm casting Bane on all three of them. (oohing)


Can you do me next? My neck has been hurting for weeks.


Oh my god, that would be so amazing.


Yay, double digits.


And I don't just mean--


I am just waiting for something to move.


Yeah, definitely 21.


Oh, and these boots!


Is it in the hundreds?


Percy's got a good point. We might want to try and get out of the street. Get indoors. Yeah.


Well-read.


I'm going to suck up against this wall and look to make sure no one is coming around that hall while this is happening.


In the dirt.


Gold.


Yes, thank you. The Air Ashari were very valuable during that day. Very courageous.


My body absorbed the process and the calories.


The best I can give you is we'll just have to see what happens.


We can just fucking hang out for a day.


I mean we have-- Oh, it's fine.


But how do you know if it's gold if you don't taste it?


Maybe that would be bad, though. Maybe you should be in the middle. Have you ever been at a haunted house? They come at you from behind!


Just so you know, we're having an audio bottleneck. It'll take about 30 seconds to work itself out.


I'm down here now going (screaming).


Has mind-sucking tentacles.


Glad you didn't do Detect Evil?


Yes and we have other people to thank for putting this whole thing together. Specifically, our lovely Laura Bailey and Ashley Johnson for singing that theme song.


Oh! I turn into an elephant. Get on my back!


It doesn't bother you that it grows taller as you get closer?


I still have my money. What happened to yours?


68% guys.


I'm a cave bear, I'm blind. I'm like a blind fish. I have darkvision and, like, cataracts.


Love America.


I know Vax can't. I grab Vax!


I remember!


They would just flow right over me.


Fuck you, chat!


I mean, we've been talking about--


Thorbir.


I'm traveling with my hood up, minor detail, as you were.


Oh shit. 24 for me.


Island prices.


I'm going to grab Beau before we head up.


I did, but everyone also hated the circus.


Am I that transparent?


She's not wrong.


They’re the only two in the world.


Oh, no, the 17 does-- well, it would have.


Wait, but my natural ability--


As we've learned.


Okay, good enough for me. I go in.


Hang on, wait. Can I hear you, can I see you? Nothing with her?


Oh, we probably could have been going for a while. We've just been like dicking around.


I've seen you in my dreams.


Oh, god. It's happening.


Vox Machina, meet Kas. Kas, try not to hurt them.


I like it. Drat, eh? Drat. You tell them what you know of Ioun.


Oh, again, again!


(groans) Luck?


Is he looking at it?


So the ground is littered with coins outside of this?


Yes. It's brilliant. I love it! Caduceus, come check it out.


So we should kill her.


Break it.


Oh, sorry. Yeah, fuck it. It's like carrying coats. Hold on. So I put one in each arm. There you go.


I don't want to waste too much time in there. You know what, I'll walk them out the front door, point them towards the mansion. And say: run, do not walk, to my beautiful, beautiful house.


Oh wait. Is this an ability check?


Down To Fire!


Are the old couple looking at us like we're weird?


So? Don't die.


It's a covet-ness, it's someone is--


Where would you want this distraction to be? Because I can make a little--


Can I do any type of attack? What can I do?


If he's going, I'm going.


This got wonderfully bad.


Just let him tell his story.


Right, I would like to pull the flaming hammer out of the bag of holding.


That's good. That's very see-able.


Wait a second, what about that, what about that cleric, the religious man that you've talked to. Could he get a message out to everybody? What's his name?


It is! All these traps are different. I wish they would just stick with the rope across the hallway trap.


I say the movers and shakers get the cloaks. Let's head out.


Oh, no, Kevdak, wrong one, I'm sorry. You all look vaguely the same to me, I'm sorry.


The Leaky Tap.


First is a 20.


His letter?


Maybe we should listen.


Mind if I take a look at it?


I want some bone jewelry! I walk off that way.


Yeah, but look at it. Can’t you see with your eyes? It's brown.


Oh, that's important.


You are made of hit points!


I'll say!


That cuts down on our detective work a lot.


Pull on the branch that it was tied to.


No, it's on us, because we have jobs and getting up in the morning.


I don't know where they are! I literally have no idea, but watch this!


Yeah, it was not really much of a test for us.


Fidelio.


Sword!


Because my armor's so heavy? (laughs)


(whispers) He's not that bad.


You know what? I don't normally do this, but... What's your name? (all laugh)


How tall is the area that we're standing in?


It feels a little thicker, like if you were in a really dense fog, maybe?


Anything you use to identify each other?


Jarett?


Like traps? Or they are just--


We've already-- yeah. How awesome does that place sound?


Nope. He used it.


Oh! Are you with me?


I like it.


You have a massive headache.


Wait, she used a reaction to knock the dagger away.


Arkhan's.


And I'm happy to spend an action surge if that'll make this work better.


Is he coming back inside?


I do think it's great!


You're talking about Mr. D, I know, yeah.


It's a standby TV symbol right now. That's all I got.


What just happened?


Does it turn into a raptor?


All right, I go in the mansion.


They're really little.


(stuttering) Dead guy. Dead guy.


I say hand. It's simple, to the point.


What's the date?


Fail it. Something I'll never say to you.


See you on the other side


Is it all honey plus Brian Foster, or just all honeys?


I go and I get as many ales as I can carry and start handing them to those guys.


We should probably press on, and you can join us with your family.


With advantage? Why with advantage?


Oh god, stop it, Matt! Ugh.


We're not panicking, no, not at all.


Aid.


Shakäste?


Fuck! That keeps happening! Six.


That's the feat I took. It's Siri. Does it look like stores are open? That's all I'm asking.


I don't remember, so it's just a stab.


That was rough.


I can try to make us invisible.


Great. I run out of the mansion. (French accent) Oh my god! Oh! It's incredible in there! She is so powerful! She cut me with her mind! Please, come with me, I will need help with this.


I think that's big of you.


You replicated robes from the Cobalt Soul, right? That's what you were going for.


Yeah, the big one! And then I'm going to shoot him! Twice! With Fenthras, which is the first time I've actually shot a real arrow for this one.


Laura had to go to a thing, and Sam had to go to a thing.


I go join my friends.


Has anybody been coming down and feeding you?


For safety.


I can try.


You were here?


Yeah, what was in there?


I feel like it would be easier to hit if it was a giant Voltron.


Do we have any images or any books here on Deastok that I can look at and then try and scry on, and then after I have the knowledge?


You talked to Sarenrae briefly, right?


I have it Hunter's Marked, can I feel it?


I'm keeping the inspiration dice. And, let's see, and two 19s.


AC's 18.


12. I'll take a big swig of booze and then go over and try.


Which you are--


That's in range for me?


Hey, while we're down there, if Fjord tries to be, like, bad, can you restrain him? Like if something overcomes him with evil, can you fuck him up?


No, I really feel like I'm going to throw up.


Yeah! One of those was full of dip spit.


Do not light up until you see the black or greens of their eyes.


Are we on J'mon Sa Ord's back?


Could I stealth in a couple of steps look around and see if there's anybody in there, or hear anything?


-- but I take it off, it shrinks down to like a little toddler--


I know! I haven't been in any gas, I don't know what's going on. All I can see is you guys going (yelling) like weirdos. So I'll fire.


He didn’t redip, though. I don’t remember you saying he redipped, right? He used his poison last time and I made the save?


No duh, no duh.


They did run by.


Very Lord of the Rings.


Because I'm a gnome, do I always have half- cover? (laughter)


--the dodecahedron while we're at it.


And we're locked in.


Yeah, more of that to come. Where's the rest of these chuckle-fucks?


And leave it outside town as we're making our way back. Maybe give the horse a little spank on the ass and send it on its way.


I owe you the biggest drink. Oh my god!


The white one?


Are you going to come with us, Kima?


There's three up there?


Oh, thank you. (counting) That's a total of 19 fire damage on him.


Did she say no? She said no?


Sea monsters.


Does it look like, when we get up close to it, like it's caved in on top?


You?


Scales, you rub it off with clay?


Should we prepare? Let's do it! I've been training Trinket, though, does that help?


What a clusterfuck.


Speaking of her book, guys, we are 60 subscribers away, roughly, from doing another signed book giveaway. Subs are what keep this channel alive. We wouldn't be able to bring you this content without subscribers, so let's try to get that 60 before we're done reading all our donations and prizes and everything else. But actually, I think we're going to play that video of Felicia one more time really quick to support her book tour.


The East Westersheets. What was it?


We'll go to the Lavish Chateau and we'll just walk by the tower on our way back to give it another look-see.


Please, Travis.


Yes, you are very sweet.


Yeah, anything else now that I have the light on? I don't see anything?


Nature check? What kind of check?


I'm going to start doing something.


Yeah, you know, I'm wondering  if I was a sneaky bastard--


I mean, I guess-- I'd like to run around and throw another Cone of Cold aimed at that guy, and then up at the prick hovering above everyone.


No, he's got it.


Potentially, if this an island.


You don't have to. Just kill-- the kid's gonna live.


I mean, that was a figure of speech, right?


And as I look down, dribbling out of my mouth, I say, Is that it? And that's my turn.


Do you have anything to make Grog smarter?


Does it fit well? I feel like it's a bit small.


You can read Dwarven now! You can read now, Grog. You can read four- to five-letter words.


I'd be willing to help you, under one condition. Can we agree to keep each other straight?


Is Pike within inspiring range, or--? Oh wait, actually--


Can I-- No.


Chatroom, accost him for that, please.


We did not take a short rest, did we?


That's good. It can only go up from there. And we do, all right. That's 19, 26 to hit, that hits.


That's a 14.


Love you, Detroit.


(high-pitched) Watch out for the teeth (coo).


It's a traditional Ashari tradition.


Yes, I know. So that's not bad. 15 points of damage plus six points of psychic damage. And let's drop six points of lightning damage into it. Three, four, five, six. That's not bad. 21 points of lightning damage.


It's electrifying!


Do you promise you won't try to leave her, and you won't try to come out and find us?


A little over an hour?


Yes. Darling...


Oh, we're going together. Yeah!


Three nights.


Plus the seven? No. 30.


Trinket's at the door going, (sad bear noises).


The fact that none of us are dead.


Yeah, just two things. I wanted to thank every Critter who helped out with Joe Madureira's Kickstarter with Airship Syndicate's Kickstarter for Battle Chasers: Nightwar. They crushed it. They got to almost every rung of their ladder. Maybe you guys could help them raise 100k tonight. But Joe told me that they saw a little bit of a bump every Thursday, and that our roleplaying power had some effect, so thank you guys, thank you very much.


I was five, six maybe, years old when she left.


Right, so it's bullshit.


There's hookah.


We're all going to say it.


This is a cleric thing.


They might call vampires.


This is difficult.


Ugh. Oh no.


Oh, that's right. We went shopping.


You're starting to make less and less sense, Percy.


Wait, did I take - I took a potion on the -


I run and cliff dive!


We have to take a trip to Pumat's for supplies and then--


Yeah, it actually turned out to be true.


Pokey poke.


Wet dog and wet weasel. All over your neck.


Is there dust on the ground? Has it been that long?


I'll be-- you're right.


He's still our dog.


Like Velcro pants.


(whispering) Percival.


To the keep?


Tova!


All right, he sounds like a Debbie Downer, Grog, but I'll go across, and you can follow.


Is there other things?


I take out the box.


I'm at one hitpoint.


Oh, wait, I get to go twice because it's Underdark. That was great. 16.


Oh, that's very beautiful.


There's no facilities or anything.


I believe they said there would be more, I mean, we don't really have anything until this evening, remember there's that meeting that we have.


Of course. Storm sails, it is. On the double!


Okay, so we're going to House Thunderbeards? Thunderbirds?


Well, it says I can use an action to expend one to three of its charges. Okay. I'll do all three, right? (all laugh)


You're strong enough to-- be careful of your wound, Gilmore!


I'm over here.


I wonder if there's like--


Do it anyway, Grog! (laughter)


I walk like him.


Which is whom?


Sure, yeah, why not?


Let's just do that. Let's let Caleb do his thing, and we'll see what the morning does. Where are we keeping the gems and everything else in the meantime?


Does it look like there is anything buried, any digging done here?


I'm going to go write in my journal.


Yes. Like on a doughnut.


Yeah, do they all-- did any of the other ones notice that?


If I pop through the window, will I be able to get out of the window? I want to pop through the window, get Trinket in the locket; that's what I'm going to do first.


I don't have to do shit. I'm just going to sit there, drinking.


And I drop them off really quick.


What's he say, again?


Did you add your--? Okay.


Go, twinsies!


Well, it doesn't come out all the time.


The guy in Manners, he fell too, right?


It's ten foot, right? Can I do my Tidal Wave from this direction backwards?


Not to you, to the other guy, Matt.


I can make a fake person to push something or lift something, but he won't be able to--


Let's get arrested right now!


Oh, fuck that guy.


I'm pretty low, so what do you got?


Just something with paper, pen, and something to write on.


(whispering) Offer him 15 for the pair.


Really? Does this look to be island-sized?


What happened to you two?


We just drank the blood last time.


The thing you probably notice about me, first of all--


I rolled a 29 stealth.


We just hit 7,000 subs when Orion set himself on fire!


Kill him!


We don't need to check back in with Senokir. He already has a way to get hold of us.


Fuck this.


It's pretty great!


All of them or just one?


So they got run out of Wildmount?


Oh, I know about re-- No. I don't know anything about religion.


Yeah. I had scoliosis as a child. I'm not nimble. It's funny.


Before going down with Nott and Caleb, I would say when we get up: We need to talk for a minute, okay?


You are a terrible person. I'm a terrible person, but you're the worst.


Can you make it disappear, or something?


My initiative is really bad, as well.


I don't see any shadows.


Yeah, but he's, he's up against Grog. So I get--


So maybe we could open up a line -- I’m sure you guys could open up a line of credit with my buddy Gilmore.


That's really far.


Aw, fuck.


Got them right here, Nott. Just these-- No, that wasn't working? No? All right. Yeah, it's a little true, but not as intense as you think.


Uh, 21.


I vote for taking the contract! Me and Tary, we're of a like mind.


I'm not half fish, I'm half-orc!


It did?


I can take a look. What would that be?


That's a lot. I will spend the next hour or so before bed going through every single thing slowly and methodically with my spellbook.


Hello, hello, hello. Man, it's been a Chris Hardweek, hasn't it?


Yeah! More drinking!


-- like, he changes, and then we know what it is or not, what?


Let's go. I jingle what gold I have in a pouch in front of Keyleth's face and say, let's go shopping. Come on.


I can also create water.


What if we just put a stealth cloak over him or something?


Yeah, I have the one you secured for me, yeah.


He's just claws, like, thinking he's going to get to the belly. He's going to attack him with a claw attack.


And you thought no one could tell the difference between me and Max?


You. Can I give him a pat-down, because you're--


And that, I wouldn't have-- Okay. I already got my one reaction?


They noticed us.


Don't. No. Leave the book out. There's a rule that says you can't look at the book once your turn has started.


As a fight-- as a staff user that's--


Does she feel the same way about you?


I broke the grapple!


Gel pens!


A six and a two.


You would think that, but honestly, I don't believe that we've ever had an official tour guide before you. You would be starting!


You can't hold movement.


How do you have a dimple-- you have a movie star chin dimple. It's right there.


21 for Grog.


He's coming to finish me off. Look at this motherfucker!


I'm ten feet behind the cat.


Let's go down and have our meeting.


Disguise yourself?


As in don't kill him.


(groans) Oh, no.


No! 30.


So gorgeous.


I'm awake. I'm keeping guard.


That sounds like a terrible idea, by the look of his face.


Special guests?


Carpet?


(sighs) The skull grants a wish. It can only be used by those with dark presence around them. That's Percy, that's me. How has Percy done with dark shit in the past? I went to him for help because I'm trying to free the city of these fucking dragons, but it wanted Percy. I tried to keep it for myself. And now he's up to his shady shit all over again.


I'm good. 17 plus my constitution?


So I was right to assume then, yeah?


What was your thing?


Drink this.


I'm so sorry for leaving you.


Backblaze.


Did you-- Did he-- Did you-- Why would you?


In the nude.


At fourth level. If she makes it an anvil, can she knock him down to the ground?


Calling in the cavalry.


Two miles away, ish.


It just misses. I've lost it all there.


That is correct. It is a pleasure to meet you as well.


Do you design specific things for an hourglass? Are there particular scenarios that require it?


How many? How many did you say?


I took a drink from the cask of ale--


Allura was on her way there.


Beau, we need to get going. We need to find Algar.


Am I still there?


So now you can only try and read it. Anybody can try and read it any six seconds as long as it-- What language is it, again?


I rolled a 26, exactly. On the dot. Right there.


Oh no, you didn't see that?


It seemed to be some sort of dimensional gateway. I don't know which dimension.


Now I feel like we have to. He just human-splained me. (laughter)


Oh, okay. So that was 17?


Thanks Frisbee!


Never ever?


Go bribe him!


How much money should we put on it?


Yeah, something sticky.


But we'll have to get clean or else we won't get in there.


My letter? But, Nott, why?


Leave them on, you cook your fingers in some balsamic, it'll be great. Smell real nice when you pull them out.


Can I use it to talk?


We have quite a nice library.


Don't talk to Frank anymore.


The whole show is just this.


Well, thank you for all your help. One more question before we leave you to your--


Cloak of Displacement.


You said dex save?


You're not Grog anymore, it's okay.


I want to inspect it from an engineering perspective, if that's possible.


Oh, and the dragon's name would be Monty.


Set that tree on fire.


(singing) Why, yes, I really do.


He probably detected it, but he doesn't know who. Or where. Said the barbarian about the god.


Nine, ten, 11, 12-- That's 28 points of damage.


I'm not going to waste my True Polymorph on that. Just standard Polymorph.


You're from Whitestone, yes?


We're running to the tree. So we can Transport Via Plants, was the thought.


I'm not, I'm speaking as myself!


Scholars maintain...


Could you turn yourself and fly?


We stop and get a meat pie on the way.


Smart move.


No, I mean, I wasn't there to witness it, I just know your normal voice.


So you're just avoiding them.


Wait, in that second I can go 500 feet in six seconds, so can I blast down towards the cliff and dump her ten feet and keep going?


So if they're frozen, does that mean they're dead?


More than all of us combined, I'd imagine.


Awesome. Awesome.


Can I say  Sit down before I open you up! And I would like to take off towards the guy that I was first engaged with that's at the back corner of the map with the rest of my movement. I have one attack left. Yeah. Reckless, please, chef. 25.


I thought as members of the Take, you got to stay here?


Yeah, can I flank him a bit?


You know, she was able to find you. Maybe she could also find somebody else for us.


I sneak my undrunk whiskey to Nott.


I move back a little bit, kind of getting away from the tree.


That's pretty much the only update there. Oh, do you want to make a quick mention about the charity that you guys work with? Because we've been posting that in the chat room.


The second whisper.


Oh, did I get sneak attack on Orthax?


Oh. Good idea, yes. Of course, I will be your mage guard.


Oh! Mazel tov!


Nobody knows. Nobody knew, until you said something!


I'm going to burn some fucking points. What am I going to do?


Someone bring me those ears and bring them to my jar!


She needs to rest.


As in, don't use the book?


Oh god, yes. I know what that modifier is. No!


We wrote it down.


No! Bitch!


Probably not, but I can try.


Is it just simple weapons, or is it simple ranged weapons?


Those monster calves.


I'm sort of a visitor here.


We were pretty loopy.


First attack. I'll take that natural 17, which I'm pretty sure hits for nine damage, and then second attack is a natural 20. Thank you, Gil. Roll two dice. That's double sixes! That's 12 plus four. No, wait. I double my die roll. I only roll once.


That's amazing! He's amazing.


Okay. Well, this is going to be weird, then. Oh, that's not bad. That's 28.


I've done it before, I like to not have hair on my arms. This is what I do. I really think that cleanliness and hygiene is very important.


I'm going to head up to the other side of the void. Yeah, I’m going to sit there. I'm going to start one of the blades up, and I'm going to hold my attack for anything that crosses my path.


Is there anything that you wanted to purchase while we are here?


Yeah. That is-- oh, jeez. Everything changed for me. So that is perception plus-- not perception. Intelligence modifier, which is five plus seven. So that is an 18 to hit.


Take out the ogre first.


Poop it out.


You had two pairs of gloves?


Me? What happened to Percy?


Does that get to come with us, or is it bottle service? Because if this is bottle service, we're here for the night.


No! I'm so excited.


Yeah, I grow a basket.


Great weapon master, reckless.


"Should I be mean?"


I'm still me.


I'll take one of the other horses.


Speaking of weapons, aren't we in a perfect weapons-buying district?


Honestly, I've never seen any goblins there.


Tary, do you know what I hear they do on beaches? You bury someone up to their head in sand.


I've heard stories about people in captivity sort of resorting to primal instincts.


We find another place.


I know. Can I walk over, yeah, ten feet that way and see it scowling down at Pike.


I mean, did it look like he was?


Does there appear to be any other type of chutes coming into this room?


Oh, are we--?


Derp.


Some guy broke that off of his kid's toys and was like "It's an aerator!"


We just were walking down the street! What happened?


We've sent messages to Tary and to who else? There were two messages sent.


Matt? Before you go on, can I just real quickly steal a bunch of gunpowder, while I was learning how to be a powder monkey?


That was a Crick!


You want to go now? You don't want to look around or any--?


Well maybe he won't know its value.


No, because I've faced her before.


Pfff.


Jester, Caduceus looks awful confused. Maybe you could fill him in again about why your--


It fits, good. I was a little worried.


Someone, anyone? Yep.


It's six with the plus.


Molly, are you taking bush one?


You're no longer alive?


I don't want to ride around in The Shit.


That's exactly what I said, the real bar.


That's a very good analogy.


What, we're letting people live now?


Would have been great against a fucking dragon.


What library? Here, the Cobalt Reserve?


360 gold.


You know, just between you and me, this does sound really fucking stupid.


It's all right. He's from Emon.


Oh, wait, no, I don't think I did.


Imagine if it was fresh.


I mean, he doesn't have an arm, he doesn't have the arm. That was-- he can't get that back.


Is the surface of the liquid flat as far as I can see?


All right. Grog?


Well, we followed the clues, we traced the evidence, we thought about it logically, and also this girl who was walking down the street told us where to go.


I'm going to make a fire again.


Are there any dice around anywhere?


Some sound reasoning.


I think it was not a good idea to go over there. I think it's one of the things that what's-his-fuck warned us about.


Okay, I had zero then. Well, fuck.


The Cloudtop District has been demolished.


Oh, right, remember there was a lake when we were looking for the heart of a nymph?


Back at the breakfast table, just before they make whatever loud sound they're doing: It's good, it's almond milk, but I like cream a little bit (explosion).


Does Pike have anything that detects a soul?


I think I need to hold that.


Oh fuck me running. We're jacking off.


I'm going to give him inspiration for one of them. (singing) Do you want to build a machine gun?


Is this a first?!


Anyway, Scanlan, I love you.


Keep a lookout.


You can't use it anymore. You're not allowed to use that dice anymore.


Brought peace to the world forever.


Is it because War Caster?


It's all right. We didn't touch in my family. Go ahead.


Okay, right, I see what you're saying.


We are good?


But I do think that whatever it is might know something.


As soon as one of these animals runs away, we'll actually be nine of us. That's really exciting.


Slam down my-- go.


Please, Scanlan, let me look for tracks. Please?


Well, I don't care. I'm pulling out the wire and I'm putting it in my mouth. We'll take care of her if we have to. (coughing)


A d10. That's a ten?


I mean the second thing is more you.


And it doesn't matter, we start from scratch! This is where it starts!


350 miles northwest.


It's a dick man with a drink. (laughter)


We have a flying carpet, two brooms, a set of wings. Up and out.


Okay, no carving, no glyphs, no nothing like that, just caked in shit?


Where is Tary Jumbo?


I mean I can only get it 120 feet away from me.


Special trick. So, uh, who got took? Who are you missing?


What?! I don't have that much!


I am, of course.


Sweet. Nice. Very good. That tree just moved.


And none of us remember them from our past visit?


(giggling)


I'm talking to Seeker Asum! He's a big fanboy.


I hope it's great.


It should say.


Oh, I put some semen in it.


There was a long pause.


It's an awesome name.


Yeah, of course within range.


It doesn't feel good, does it?


Oh yeah. No, totally. Come here, bitch.


That was the wing shot?


In the cells, in the cells.


Learn the city.


Should we bunk for the night before we head out in the morning?


You're a tiny pack of assholes right now.


Such a good one. Oh, this is the Pike one. And here's yours, Matt. It's pretty dope, so check them out. I'm in love.


I'm trapped in that-- well, never mind. Damn it.


Didn't Tiberius turn into a lady-troll?


Well you still get two ones.


I blend in with my environment very often. It's common.


Back up everybody, out of the room, and I'll reach my mage hand around.


Where did those flash pots come from?


Did you--?


Wow. 16.


We need this city to stay alive. We need the citizenry to be fed, and we need people to know where they're going to get their medicine and when they're going to get their food. We understand it's going to be tricky. We need information, we need spies, we need to know what's happening in the city, and you need people like us to stay out of your way.


Which I have advantage, oh, I'm a Warcaster! That's 16. No, I'll take the 16. What?


One, two, three, four.


Everybody needs to calm down.


So cross it off, bitch. Come on!


Of the universe.


You found nothing at the docks, zip, zero?


And the other one takes eight-- The other one is fucking toast. I'm getting into twenties here. Not worth it. So that's one grit, two grit, three grit, so I have four grit back. I'm burning my very last action surge now that I have some bloody grit. I'm trying to remember, can I pull Sharpshooter with a grit point, or can I not take Sharpshooter with--


Just while we stroll through the town?


Ten of those. Ten 50s.


Ah! Does anybody have anything glass or metal?


Can I do Uncanny-- this is a new round, can I do Uncanny or not, yet?


Can I sit side-saddle on it?


Did you get any of his name?


(laughs) J-E-L-L-O!


I'm speaking in my voice because I'm not there, but he said-- Yeah, oh, he's poker-facing it. We said ziggurat many times when we were down there.


Oh, fuck me. Oh god.


Yes, how long was she here?


And it takes 2d6 damage. Bludgeoning damage.


Caleb, Molly.


That was a thing I asked Marisha once, during our first game, was, "Wait, I can do whatever I want?" "Kind of."


The Dallas two-step.


You're not, fucking--


It takes both of my beast-shaping forms to go elemental.


Where can we take him, where can we take him?


Come on. Come on, really?


Who-- Hi.


I'd love to. I think that's what I want to do.


(counting) Eight points of damage.


Did you say I'm fucking irritable?


No, he's restrained.


Takes place in America.


Good, because if he had taken the full thing, he would have been unconscious.


My plan is to act casual but to be watching all the gnomes for thieving things.


Okay, she needs another shot.


That's really impressive, and you sound like a kid that fell down the well when you're doing that.


I do that.


Which plan do we want? You hiding under the horses or you hiding on the horse as suitcases?


Yeah, thank you for keeping an eye out. Would you like to join us inside?


He said take his tongue.


Okay. I want to do some parkour, awesome dope monk shit, and be like (repeating) bink. And see if I can get to here, 40 feet?


Just a short one.


I think it’ll transfer when you change.


For the moment.


I'm going to shoot an arrow as Trinket is hitting Grog.


Don't die on us!


I can make him drop things. I have that power.


Yeah! That's right, she Tron'd those motherfuckers.


She's my favorite now.


And they sing like Disney characters.


Well, we could just get this party started right here, if we want to.


I got to get the carpet. (all laugh)


Snitch.


Got it. It's Groot.


All right. Just curious.


What? I thought birds might like that.


There's one spider that's not caught?


No, but they know we're here. It's not safe. We can come up in secret, leave symbols to rally the people, and hide again.


I did! I think it was another plane.


Does he have any, like, cuts on him, anything that looks weak?


I assumed.


We don't need or want anything from you.


It's really shallow. Shouldn't we weigh them down with something?


I just got a shit-load of ball bearings.


The one clean spot left on it.


You've made her very cautious.


It was a total for my d20 roll?


All right, into the temple. Come on, let's just fucking go to the fucking temple.


Okay. I'm going to make a Spiritual Weapon.


A couple of times you have spit out seawater?


I'm just sort of being shaken back and forth by the blue giant and I'm going to-- I'm super high!-- throw a Fireball down at the vines below. Simple spell.


This is all on you, man. This is all on you.


I out-rolled somebody!


I have keen sight. Does that count?


Are you fucking kidding me?!


I glance back and see them.


Oh shit. No. 15.


Common, Elvish, and Abyssal.


Oh, oh, but before the crows leave, before the crows leave--


"Oh, hello."


That's really beautiful.


Or cool eight-year-olds who are equally as amazing.


My name is Yasha.


Thank you for your help. We'll retire for the evening.


For Tone17, I played a modified Malkavian, and a Smetty if you can believe such a thing, which was badass.


Did you find anything good?


Ask for?


Hey, Madeer. How's it been? How's it going?


I mean, I could use a really large tent. Like the biggest one? I would take that off your hands.


Thank you, Sam!


You still know where she is because of Hex, though, right?


Reckless. Okay, that hits. 19.


Really quickly-- Oh, do you want to go first?


Largesse?


Chest bump! (impact sound)


129.


I just don't want to bring a cart with a magical tarp over it, that's designed for smuggling humans.


The acid that's filling in melts that? Okay, well, that changes things. Does my Control Water spell, would that work with the acid?


We'll make it pretty quick.


Oh, what? He's awesome-looking.


We have a hat. A really good hat.


She's still between the two of us. She couldn't have circled.


Well, I figured we just kept going.


Do I see a soldier of any kind, on this--


I saw VentralMalcavian. I actually, in high school, played the Malcavian prince of Los Angeles. It was fabulous.


You're paralyzed from fear.


Yeah, I'm going to stay in the house for a little bit.


Kash. Brother Kash, are you new to the Guild, as well?


Okay, I want to parkour off of this pillar that I'm next to, and come down with a giant Superman pop! Just go for him. Two attacks. First attack, I'll take that 13 and 14, plus seven so 19-- or, 20 and 21, you're right. With my first one I want to do a stunning strike to it. No-- yeah. First attack, stunning strike.


Water. Fire water.


Does Pike get a cloak?


How are you guys gonna go talk to him, are you just like walking to him?


We can't move it.


You should!


Vax never came home last night?


Only him.


You can ride with me, Scanlan.


Yeah. Frumpkin can do that very well.


Why yes, my sister, lead the way.


Okay, I'm going to peek around Grog, and try and cast Hold Person on him.


Can we have a refresher on what Jamedi looks like?


Have you ever been famous?


Caleb, what did you say? Guten--


I would know that? Okay. I'm going to try and-- god, the only thing I can think to do at the moment is just do a Sacred Flame to try and get it to let go while I make my way to higher ground because maybe we need to give it blood. I don't know.


Yes, that's my thought.


Let's go. Let's move!


I was brought back and his soul is just-- where?


Yeah. What are you doing?


Were you even writing down damage?


That little baby just Zatoichi-ed out of the way.


(yelling) There are bears everywhere! Bears! Little bears, big bears!


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on you, if we're not going to take short rest, if we're not going to take a short rest--


I did! That's what I do. I like to forge things.


Nice job, Vax!


What is my distance from the boat?


Okay, I'll put on my necklace.


Ooh, that's good. That helps a lot. What am I adding? Just my straight wisdom?


That's a 30. That hits.


Yeah, that's a thing.


Pull her back up.


At dawn, we plan.


While these guys are still going through their presents, I just want to remind you guys, thank you for tuning in, and tomorrow we have So You Don't Have To, and we're going to play Jazz Punk on the stream, and it's a lot of fun, and then after that we'll have Gather Your Party and IndieKate is joining us, the all-female punk band Blood Candy is joining us, and then we have the-- oh my gosh, I feel like a dumb-dumb now. What's the name of that-- the Dance Free Movement people? The group that threw the party for the guy that was shamed on the internet, the--


Algar succeeded, you guys. That's twice.


Maybe charisma?


One more. Do you want to help me with this one, too? Yeah! What's wrong with your voice? 18.


Let's use the Sun Tree.


Woo, go Thed!


It's a little early in the evening, but I thought I might get a head start and inquire what some friendship might run me.


You need some d8s or you cool?


No, he walked into the door with Vex.


Doty? Will you kneel down, please? Fuck.


No, I know right now I've got 14 of 15 hit points.


--when are we going to have a better opportunity to kill a fucking dragon than with 40 giant strapping--


Fair enough. Just in case, can we keep an eye on the islands as we're moving in for any sign of structures, civilization?


Didn't I say it right away? I said it right away!


Question. What if we do actually just kill her?


No, I'm beast shaped. I'm my earth elemental right now, okay? So I have tremorsense, right? I sense the twins.


Okay. So I can have him attack and then watch?


It's a newbie, it's a newbie.


Oh, I do, I do!


Hey, Greenie, how many other entrances are there to this, about?


That's literally the only thing that's been happening.


If you're discussing your neck to your mother, you would-- what? Oh, right. People get paid for that.


Every turn they have to try and break out of it? It keeps going? It's like a keep-going thing?


You just got a come-up.


Namely, if the immediate want is for it to be immediately destroyed, because that's what needs to happen with anything from Orcus, as you very well know.


I'm going to go ahead and cast Enhance Ability on you. For charisma.


All right. I will give you one of the-- there's three different levels or just the two?


I have a broom after all. But Pike can fly now too.


Let's just send Grog down.


Pull it back and we'll have one of the-- I mean, not that you're not strong and very--


Yeah, maybe it's in the dirt that we just came by!


Yeah, they sent a message and asked for everyone's shirt sizes.


That lady's the worst.


Hey, Marvel Animated has started to use me as Doctor Strange, so. (cheering)


No! Stop it!


I cast Cure Wounds on his little teeny-weeny cut.


Are there any stairways, or doors, or gates, or anything that would lead upwards from this cavern?


What is the tree's weakness?


It would look really pretty on you.


Yes, I'm good.


Your cowering honesty has won us over. Let's get you a beer. Would you like a beer?


I rolled a 15.


Truscan?


Why, they don't take money? Oh.


That's fine. When you went down that cavern that one time, that worked out really well. So let's do what she says.


Okay. That was sour.


Vex is right. I should talk to her. I should be here for her. I don't know why I wasn't with her in the first place. I didn't need to go with you to kill the dragons. I should've just been with her in the first place. Probably just scared to. I should just be her father and stay.


It's a bonus action, so we can do other shit if Scanlan and I both do it.


The tattoo is familiar or he's familiar?


Your balance is probably a little wonky.


Yay! 16. 20.


That's why it smells like it does. Grog!


Keep trucking on.


I've got that.


It's hard to tell sometimes. Just go with it. Don't make any sudden movements, and let her get it out of her system.


Are there any books in the bowl?


Well, no, I zoom around the corner.


But you can hear things.


Sorry, I don't want to feel insane. Plus my wisdom modifier.


Yes. I can't cast Pass Without a Trace on him from that far away.


If it's a fucking baby ancient dragon I'm going to be stoked.


Did you know that we have a special weapon now?


Are we hearing this? Are we hearing a massive commotion?


Okay, I kinda-- even though I'm not a dog, I'm a cat, I still kinda point. I go into pointer face. You know? Like--


We have a thing. We got to announce a thing this week.


Kiri, you stay here with Nott, then, okay?


Well then, I have to move anyway, so that I don't strike Vax or Vex.


So stupid.


Oh, son of a bitch.


Just let him know it's to hold it.


Okay. Taliesin's retweeting me.


This ankle is affecting my wisdom! It's reaching into my family's history!


I know who she's going to talk to.


I was just rolling bad.


On Halloween, all the kids are outside?


So I have to make a ranged shot if I'm to do anything.


I would warrant a guess that we are stuck here for the time being, but I think at a certain point we are going to want to go, and if that happens, all of you, if you see a window in which we can get away, tell Nott or myself, and we will start a snow chain.


His weenie.


Long story.


Pumat III, this is Caduceus.


Are there any caves nearby? I mean, we're kind of by a thing?


What is there to live for?


They are pretty sexy.


Let me attempt to see if I can defuse this relatively easily. I will need some gold.


Yeah, that's what I was going to do, so I could shoot it around.


I am going to throw something at you!


Yeah, I'm going to bolt.


And I will also cast it at-- actually, I'll cast it at a 3rd level because I want to be safe.


Probably, yeah.


They can't even see us, though!


McGee.


Shit! We were supposed to go fucking meet Ulog! Damn it!


I put a hand over her mouth.


Wanted to check in on (lowers voice) the task we talked about?


Is she telling the truth? Do I feel like she's telling the truth?


Who can I see from my perspective?


(groans) I wonder if I have Identify I could take...


Oh I love her.


Math brain.


Does it give me an advantage?


That's a fuckin' missile.


Before this spell fades.


It was absolutely useless.


If Grog can fit, Trinket can fit.


I very, very poorly fall off of the roof and clamber down.


Legally? Maybe?


Anything that looks like it would be the size of an adult deer or something?


Sure, yeah, if there's no threat. I'll scan for traps as I walk.


We need to find Lady Kima.


By the way, Matt, I rolled my second natural one of the night for my intelligence check.


Hang on, hang on. I want to look around. Do I see any guards?


Blue man group?


Why don't you, for starters, ask them a question about themselves?


Have they moved the bodies or are the bodies still there?


Insight check Grog.


Just the helmet?


I can make her invisible if she can talk to the tree.


What would Doty do?


Okay. I'm just putting that together.


Super tall Doc Martens, lots of little fur-lined, lots of straps and zippers.


Oh, really? (yells)


I've heard a confusing thing. Something fell down, but okay, we're good.


Is it the people in the dragon masks that want it?


No, we don't know if he's in Draconia.


Shut up! Shut up, Kiri!


What makes sense? That I wouldn't know?


Both?


I'm not embarrassed.


Whoever hits big hit first.


He's not dead. He's just running far away from me.


I think that might be safe.


Oh, like just now?


Can I check the door, if it's locked?


Oh, she's a beaut, Grog, I wish you could see her. (all laugh)


Just to match me.


No more dick jokes! Focus on the cube.


I fly down close to Tooma and say quietly, Thordak has means of seeing through the stones up there. If you go up top, it's possible he'll be able to know that Vorugal has fallen. He might already know.


Okay, so the first one was really high. The second two are mediocre.


He looks very embroidered and everything.


Totally fine! We're safe!


We need to free those dwarves.


The most realistic thing I've ever--


I should just pull all of these right now. (groaning)


I don't know. Has the bed been slept in? Does it seem like someone's been here recently or is this abandoned, do you think?


DM. Sorry. Before I engage in this. You say I've never encountered these, but I've read a lot.


Nature check.


Is this a skill check?


Yes, really peaceful, actually.


Okay, cool. What I will do, because I can do this, is I will quicken spell, and I will spend two sorcery points to Misty Step behind where Vex is. (whoosh)


I guess I will be falling back because I'm going to talk to him.


Or maybe I can use my tracking and see if I can catch a scent. Grog does smell.


I have some weird dreams. What did you have in mind? Other nights.


I'm going to find Larkin.


Okay, I drop my form to hear what Grog has to say.


Who's left alive?


Kymal.


From the base of the pyramid, what would you say the base circumference of this ziggurat is? Is it half a mile around?


I was trying to sprinkle fairy dust on it, but let's just go to the rules, shall we?


Well, not through the city per se, but remember that group that we joined the other day?


Sneak attack, because it's-- no, it's holding the friend.


(quietly) Vex'ahlia-- There is a long tunnel down here and there is a bit of faint light. I have Percy's fancy rock; I am not planning on doing anything crazy, but I think I should--


No, wait! This longsword was being used as a finesse weapon.


Pike, I accept your blessing.


Jeez, this is going south guys.


Yeah, look, I had trouble sleeping, and I actually know Giant, but I can't read it. Do you think maybe, before this fancy smart-potion wears off, you could teach me some letters?


They're probably just guarding the place.


I'm going to create a distraction. When the distraction happens, we all charge and attack. I'll shoot her.


These two have done much violence to this place. They represent all that is evil.


And she'll just yell it out during the break. Travis makes a really ugly woman, though. I turned one of your pictures into a girl. I never should have done that.


He'll be healthy, though.


So you bruisers, you're staying out here?


I mean, we may be here for a while.


You know, not something else I'd want right now, no. None of these things.


(sings) Hey baby, hey baby, hey.


Disgusting.


I'm staying on the carpet.


Yeah, we'll do this together. I'm all right.


(whispers) Pike, are you watching this?


It's a long story, go.


Do we have any interest in trying to get more people?


Were there trees?


I know, it's so annoying.


We blew it.


Here, I take Nott and I say, hold my hands. Just hold my hands. Okay, ready? And I pull Nott into the water and I go: Now kick kick kick! There you go! Kick kick kick! Keep kicking! Keep kicking! Good job! And I put her back on the edge.


Get the fuck off my head, you piece of shit.


I'm going to use my bonus action to turn around and go: Eat shit, rock face!


I punched the cow before.


But it don't last very long.


I have Freedom of Movement. But I have three 4th-level spells. I can start burning into my 5th-level spells, as well, but it lasts for an hour, so I was trying to figure out if there's a way--


$100 for 826LA.


I take damage fast.


You want to try the Mending Wheel?


Boy, sure was fun, Sam.


Hey Travis, you didn't know this?


No, we're going to need every spell we need in there. No, you're the weight that's going to hold the rope down, you're going first.


I would like to try something that tastes good. That's what I would like to have. Should have just ordered that from the first place, something that tastes good.


Never mind. Never mind. Thanks for--


JB. She reminds me of me at that age. That's not a good thing.


If you're looking for them, they're not in the store now. We wanted to announce them--


Actually, before I do that, can we all have one last meal together and eat a Heroes' Feast?


I'm gonna make a grab.


Yeah, that's like you sneezing into a bottle.


Are there any animals around?


Let me go! I didn't do nothing wrong.


You know, I think I'm fine with 26 hit points.


They were ready to start shooting at us.


Come on! Roll so high.


Like just so much stuff there, so we've totally been there.


I'm going to cast Major Image and make a small little human girl in the middle of the street, crying, bleeding from the arm. She looks disoriented and she's walking towards the other building that we spotted, very sad and (whimpering).


It's only a couple points.


You did?


I shoot out the globules of light to float around the corpse.


No! We are going to the window. Please do not destroy the temple of Pelor.


Do you have turkey legs?


I poke his stomach. Does it feel like there's a hard thing in there?


I want to examine the structure to see if I could find the optimal place and the weaknesses in the structure. Whether or not it's more appropriate to pour the acid on the stone, whether it's better to pour the acid on the metal. Just to see where it would be weakest, mathematically.


I'm down on the ground?


Do they look good?


Say hello.


Yes, she did.


The other night, when Nott was out carousing a bit while Caleb was asleep. He saw some figures in cloaks dash by. Was there any distinctive anything about these three figures that dashed by?


Is he there?


What about between Grog and Scanlan? That way if one of them comes up by either of them, she's there.


Did we fight? Oh, no, that's right, we went down going through.


How about this? Hold. Wait! We still don't know how to get up there, right?


She seems nice, though.


We told you that.


‘Ey!


Wait, you know what? If I'm going to be honest, that thing is beyond 30 feet, so I would have moved in closer so I don't have to fire at disadvantage.


I'm going to take a hit. That's 20.


I'm going to cast Bigby's Hand.


We can just run back up.


It's a graveyard. It's a boneyard.


If it's unlocked.


You can also make donations to our charities of choice-- Find links to those on Geek and Sundry.


I did, I gave you a little bit of black powder.


