He's fine. He was sitting pretty next to the other diplomats of the town.


So two plus ten plus five. 17.


You knocked one off the plank, Keyleth.


I could Wall Of Stone another kind of box around it.


I don't believe if you'd freed it you would've gotten a wish, I think you would've fought something.


Oh. Thank you.


Can you lower the water, so we can fly--


One. Two, three.


Fucker.


There were still a few members of the Herd still alive. A good half dozen.


She talks to non-ducks.


You can just Fly me?


Yeah, you don't have anything to hide from us.


Take it back!


It looks great, Grog.


Oh, and a natural one for the second.


It's okay. Get the bookcase.


That’s hilarious.


That sounds awesome. Let's go there.


If I do a Shapechange into a demon, can I then read Abyssal?


"You were in pain, so I thought I'd fucking slap you across the face?" Gee!


Okay, now ramp it up! (all laugh)


Well, actually, now that we're home, I would like to try and find Pike once we're in and settled.


Shotgun!


We're going in!


Yeah, that's rain. That's a little water. I'm going to fold my coat up and put it away, just vest and vestiture.


I'm really good at distractions.


Yeah, metal rods, and Nightcrawler going--


I'm reading it now.


Lasts for an hour?


No other way to go.


I suppose everybody understands everyone now.


We don't need any more than-- This is really nice.


I know, I'm going to die if I don't do this! Okay, that hits, that hits, that's 28.


Then we fucking kill it! We race forward and attack.


Sure. I'll try to get that too.


That hits, too.


Ouch. I rolled the same thing. Low number twice. No, that's a big five.


The urns, currently, are totally empty?


Sure, I'll do that. I'll fast pick.


Enough to give the half-elves vision in low light?


How many feet up the wall?


Throwing range only? Yeah, I'm going to throw the hammer again.


Do we want to take a short rest while we're supposedly--


I can see your pulse in your neck.


She does. (laughter)


You could fly overhead with Keyleth.


28 to hit.


Eleven.


I can fix it. It's okay; don't worry about it right now. I can't fix it right now!


Oh, we have extra items?


Oh. They were cut. They cut them down.


I think we're going to have to have a larger conversation about where everybody ends up in the very near future, and while two people in and out of town is definitely agreeable, I think there's a larger discussion to be had.


I actually still look like Halas because it's not concentration.


I add my modifier though, yes?


Nope. 22.


I'll run downstairs. Can't miss that.


I'm sure it's nothing, but in case you remember anything.


He just has so much.


I didn't want to-- yeah, I didn't see shit. I just rolled a three; that's nothing.


I can sleep on a couch.


Three plus--


Why are you looking at me? Is she invisible?


Is J'mon doing macrame in there?


I got bribed.


No. Stop it.


What are we if not risk-conscious?


Obsidian, maybe?


Pull that shit out.


That was the first crate. What's the next crate? Is it whoopee cushions?


Fellow friends at sea, we wish to have a parlay with your captain and we hope to keep this entire confrontation as bloodless and reasonable as humanly possible. We will do our best to be civil and not encourage anything inappropriate over the next several minutes. We would appreciate your cooperation in this direction. Then I'm going to try and make all the doors open and available to us from the other ship with Thaumaturgy as well. I'm going to pop all their doors open.


Can we just step away from the orb while we talk?


I'll go for it. I don't get advantage on this.


Make him smarter!


Scanlan, darling. You're fucking hot right now, all right? But I love you like you were. You're always my favorite when you're just yourself.


Make him look like a milk cow.


35 feet of the priest.


I wanna go back up and keep an eye, with the spyglass, on any kind of movement, that looks like it's coming towards us.


You guys, we have a weekend! (all laugh)


Yeah, look at him.


Up and over, up and over!


I turn towards her, and I punch her across the jaw as hard as I can.


That's right, DM.


You want to do a smash and grab?


Unless Tibs got further along with him, it was one word--


Twice, yes.


"Vax, where'd you get that amazing armor?"


You should absolutely offer a workshop.


We're here for Fjord.


But it's just like, she's so pretty with like a feather in her hair.


What do I use?


Or a budget rental center. (laughing)


I did say shabang, and 16 for the second.


I know it's been brought up to me. I thought it was a hypothetical. Is it true?


Is Keyleth up top? Keyleth's up top, okay.


Oh, off of the stonework, not off of my body. I was like, just like that, huh?


You can stop poking, Grog.


Oh, I had to roll?


Oh, fuck. And I don't get to roll again, right?


We'll learn a lot from hearing her talk.


What you told me was that studying this thing, it seems to require elements to set it in motion? How did you describe it?


Swung what way?


What do we feed them?


Well, I mean, nothing here has really been natural.


Can I move again?


Because if she has it, she won't--


Yeah, sort of, from your old friend. Let's see I-- let's see.


Question, husband. Is there a way to change those little pairings that she made? Perhaps get my brother and I on the same team?


Just because I have no brain, dex modifier, proficiency bonus, dice roll?


I'm keeping a close eye on what's going on, this is very-- they're being so sketchy.


We are consistently the worst.


Well, let's put on the table what we're doing here. Right? Kevdak has the Knuckles. We don't know where he is. He's probably pretty formidable on his own. And in a day or two, a dragon is going to be swinging by, so it's not one problem, it's a very large problem and a massive problem.


Give me this, you fucking hoarder. What's the matter with you? What are you--


We'll kind of--


An illithid.


I'm going to gently light up one of my swords.


I'm rolling real well today. Rolling high.


Well, let's figure it out.


Nice! Holy crap.


It's as if the gods defy you.


That's all right. You got them out of the way. When we fight a basilisk later, all those ones are gone.


I take my staff and I wipe it on Caleb.


Yeah, no, I've got it. I've got it.


Yeah, you know. I keep locking myself in the shitter and I'm really tired of asking people to come let me out. It's really--


Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Korrolo de Rolo the third. (all laugh)


Very good.


That's what I'm doing? Okay. Double-gas.


That's amazing. So worth it, darling, I can't believe you did that. Thank you.


Ja, I cannot see too well, so I'm going to take a step forward between Mollymauk and Nott. Just a little bit there. Now I can see that blond hair, and I am tapped out, so I'm just going to let my hand blacken and say a few arcane words and then send a--


I say we take the contract.


And make it open for anyone to do, there's no reason not to do this. If there's someone you know who doesn't understand it, don't worry about it. Just find some friends and connect with them.


Knee bone connected to the--


Hey, Matt?


Go find shit!


Okay. Oh Jesus, I'm so stupid! Okay, that's eight?


I use my Druidcraft as he enters to make little sparkles and lightning bugs appear around him. "Grog!"


Be careful!


Provisional, yeah. That's amazing. So the maul-- Kima, because I want to respect your weapon, what does the maul do?


Get a big catapult and just--


That helps.


I dispel Silence.


But there were a lot of people, and some of the people that got killed I knew. And I feel it has something to do with this sword that I have. And the secret is: I can hear the sword talking to me.


And that's it? I'm still alive! (roars) 22? Okay. I have 14 hit points.


Where is K'varn located? Point the direction.


Go for the ear. It's a one.


Not in smoke!


Can we speak to dead?


I mean, we've got Mollymauk with us. Why don't you just do the same thing to him?


Oh, are you going to hold?


We befriended it, it betrayed us, and then we killed it.


I'm holding the weasel!


So you're the daughter of a celebrity.


Ashley, I just texted you the contract.


Yes, we are a tight crew that follows orders as well. Caleb is our leader, and we--


And I'm unconscious.


Thanks, Scanlan.


Like a walkie talkie!


Immovable Rod. That one. I was combining Bag of Holding and the Immovable Rod. Combining them.


Sure, yeah. So he can get by.


Like a lich. A phylactery.


So we can remove it and attach it to ours?


I'm sure justice will be swift, but unfortunately, much of our family's finances are wrapped up in this.


Right? Yeah, 13 damage total. Then I'm going to--


Yeah. I'm going to go, you're going to stay here. But now we have some homework to do.


Don't forget your flaming claws.


I meant to say I was aiming at its eye, the main head's eye.


Is the noise centered on your gun, though, and not down below?


Someone mentioned we should bring Jennifer Hale on the show as a guest.


Yeah, it's a 22.


A hard 12.


Ooh! 14!


Yeah. I mean, some people just want to talk, and I think she just wants somebody to talk to. That's the vibe I get. [cheering]


We should.


(groans) 13.


I take it all in and I'm reminded of one of the museums at home.


All right, so that's ten.


Oh, right. Eight.


Cardamom.


(wind noises)


And, well.


The head is cleaved from the body.


Let's see here. I've still got some bonus-y stuff. Can I disengage? No, because--


If you've got stuff to trade. You seem like a clever fellow, I'm sure you got something around here that's interesting and unique.


Just say, hey, the whole point of this was to find the High-Richter's handwriting as well, and maybe--


"I'm crazy grandma." I do a crazy eye thing just to show her.


The fact that you had this ready means that there is no shame here. You were ready for this.


And hook it to the Immovable Rod there.


Now that we're closer, I'm looking for windows that she might not have been close enough to see. Doors, holes, anything.


Yeah. I can't. You're cutting out. You're cutting out, Grog.


How many platinum? 19?


Yes it does. So here it comes. (counting) 33. 33 plus six! 39.


I like it. Could we look at this house first?


I'm gonna just end my turn.


I, yeah.


Are the beds painfully hot?


Sitting in the rain. You know, I never talked about my past for obvious reasons, and I didn't want questions pointed back at me. Still no pressure on you, but if you ever want to talk more about it, the door is always open for you, Nott. When you are ready.


No motherfucker, that's not what I said! I want to drink that one and the one after it! Oh, you don't want to start with me, Fredrickstein.


That's a lot. (coo) That's a lot. Oh, eight. So four.


But that was awesome. That was pretty dope.


Wonderfully detailed.


He went to get an army, I think.


(gasps) Vex, what are you doing? What is this coming out of your mouth?


I would be very grateful.


I'll just keep it.


I can join you for that.


Kind of uncomfortable.


You're really going-- Let me know what you see and we'll compare notes later.


How do you turn my head?


(fake-cries)


Oh, don't do-- Okay.


Far Cry 5? I've heard about it.


Oh! (vocalizing) My whole body starts glowing with the light. You set me on fire!


Getting the magic carpet was also pretty badass.


Can I get a description of it?


Yeah, I did. But I might have been spotted by a few of the Crown's Guard.


Nott, moon them. Moon them right now.


And then it was lost.


I don't want to go underground.


Yeah. At the end of the-- does it just build up points today and then try...


That's tea for life.


Just in case, is it wise to leave one of the Gate Stones outside the door? You take one so if you need to port back to it, it's here.


Well. We're lucky we're not dead. It came close a couple of times. We were off on official business for the emperor. We've been underground for weeks and weeks. We've only seen the sun for a couple of days.


I believe that was for Bad-- no, it's the pepperbox, I believe.


He can fit through the Sun Tree, right?


Oh, shark ally!


Yes. I agree.


I'll hold your hand underwater, Nott.


Who's the gentleman?


Yeah, we'd better.


Can you not walk around without it or something?


He mentioned that he's been down this road before.


It's all in the same place.


I've made this promise before. (laughter)


So we're going back to Whitestone?


They are a couple hundred feet away.


No, I know it's a really beautiful carpet, and it would cost a lot of money to fix up, I understand.


Does he have to actively listen, or is it a passive thing?


I'm a vampire. I need blood.


Sure, I guess?


Would it help if there were trolls?


And Trinket is eight.


He can't know if I'm scrying on him.


Against her? But that cancels out, because I have advantage because Grog's right on her.


Oh, that's a 19 natural roll.


I wasn’t there.


You can certainly try.


Shall we scatter? Spread the word?


You can just do it.


Yeah. How far-- yeah.


Dear god, so many. Come on.


I think I'll do that tomorrow morning. That's a great idea. That's imitatable.


No, we're not.


Well, I can't do anything.


Here is a crumbled biscuit.


On Trinket.


12 points to you.


I may want to have a conversation at the temple of the Raven Queen.


So. That's 14 points of damage, of piercing damage.


Did I say something? I don't know.


I grab a soul shard, I suck it down. (sniffs)


That's some Moriarty shit right there.


How common is that word?


I try to look him right in the eye when I say that.


Just stapled to the tree.


Okay. Well. Oh! Can I-- Is he within ten or five feet of the other, the little ooze?


So that is seven points of damage.


He's got guns attached now! Gatling gun!


It doesn't look like anyone followed us in?


They went down here and they went towards the city wall, that's all I know.


Can you speak with animals, Keyleth?


We just want to know.


Stun.


Okay. And I'm going to cast Mass Cure Wounds.


Can I look around and and see if there's anywhere that looks like we could hide, tuck in between rocks or something where we wouldn't be visible?


What made the dwarves get bigger today in the battle?


Oh, that's right, the helmet.


And nobody beat me twice. He got lucky once, get it straight. I want to go talk to him because maybe we need some more fighters and strong folks and I think he might know where they might be.


Kind of. Well I had to attune to my ring and my antlers, and then I got the staff, so I let that go, but now I just wore it for long enough.


Oh, yeah baby. 24. Natural 18.


Maybe we should call out and see if Febron is here.


Yeah, Grog!


That is a 32.


I've got Hunter's Mark! Just stay put, Footless! (all laugh)


Is anything within five feet of it?


I cast Fly again at 6th-level on everybody else.


What do I have? Is it nighttime already?


You feeling at home there, Deucy?


Healing potions. Some light sources--


Return of the Vex.


It's nails.


It's in a very strange, ornate bag that's covered in strange gems and weird filigree.


Can you tell us where you found the body of the merchant lord?


We didn't ask Bryce for any healing potions.


Wait, was was it?


Okay. I'm adjusting my glasses, I'm so nervous. Okay. 28 on the first hit.


You promised me.


You've got great eyesight.


Roll like your bear depends on it.


Would you want to go up?


I'll head up the stairs to the second room on the right, was it?


Gotta sleep at some point.


That way we can sleep on it.


I'm sure I have it written down somewhere. (all laugh)


Do you have anything that's more-- less meat?


But in two or three weeks, it's not bad. You're looking well.


Were there any last little bit of Hotis grit or funk in my belly button where he shanked me?


Tropical vacation.


Water Breathing!


No, wait! I'm going to take my bonus action to go water elemental. And then I can still move, right? Can I then move my water elemental into this guy's space and as part of my elemental form I can move into spaces that are within an inch.


I mean, we've been making a good amount.


Does it really fly though, that's the thing.


It took 425 hours, but we did it. We broke his brain.


I undo his Polymorph, I undo his Polymorph.


Because you won't get any bonuses once you hold your action.


Nice. That's 29?


I don't know what good we'll do right now.


I'm taking off a hit point.


Yay! We're going to have a great journey!


Over by Percy. But further.


Okay. I rolled a nine.


I'm from the circus.


Really cool words on the sheet.


All right, let's do one more try.


-- and stuff to buy, but that's kind of a thing.


I will hold. I will take a dodge action.


Should we sleep first? And go at dawn?


What about best out of five? You're probably so bored with life; why not?


Does Polymorph carry over?


It could just be parts of one.


She did succeed.


Did that have anything to do with this?


Neither have I. Lightning, it turned him almost into ash. Let's get back, we can talk about it when we're in our rooms safe.


That doesn't seem very good.


This is revenge for any time we haven't let Matt go on an NPC, just saying.


I actually am quite hungry. I was-- I don't know if I am quite capable of eating papaya off the floor, but if there is, I don't know, something brunchy?


Why, are we dancing?


Til tomorrow.


(ambiguous noises)


I back into a corner in the temple and collapse into a corner.


Spiritual Weapon is really good if you have that, that's very badass.


Pass Without a Trace still on me?


Ew! Make him bathe.


That's what I mean, like is he looking at me, right now?


The day's not over!


A doughnut of stone.


I have a meeting in 20 minutes at the Pillow Inn. I don't know what it's called, but Caleb does. I don't remember shit, but Caleb says whatever the name of it is, because of my feat.


Dexterity save.


Getting away from everything!


Ill-tempered bowling ball. (laughter)


That's why I made sure to pack some stuff, just in case. Let's get out of here. That place gives me the creeps.


Are you cool with your sister?


He attacked us.


Do you want us to leave the table?


I think I'm immune to fire, anyways or some such thing.


Ooh. Can I reach down and grab it?


Dragon. Blizzard.


That's very nice.


That sounds exciting. I think we need a round.


Okay, I'm rolling. There's someone in there, but I can't get it! And I'm going to spider-climb on the upside, on the wrong side of the wood and stay out of the water and crawl out.


Cleff, you madman.


Of course not, but for the mining contracts, however, wouldn't we need to speak to Nostoc? Is there any way-- I hear it's very hard to get down into the mines. It's very well-guarded, right? That's why we came to speak to him here.


I'm still on a horse, yeah? I'm on a horse.


She's very, very, very pale-skinned. Her hair is black that starts to turn white as it gets longer. It's matted, it's dreaded, it's braided. Her clothes are a bit tattered, but just sort of-- she's a bit of a mess, and she has two different color eyes. One of them is a light greenish-blue, and the other is a violet color. And she's very standoffish, hunch-y, arms folded.


That's an 11 to hit?


Okay, gotcha. Six gold.


I've also got a Scrying Stone.


Pike, can't you kill masses of undead?


Take the items and the unearned trust downstairs.


Okay, but I'm going to need something.


No accepting of gifts.


I'm making a mean face, so far.


Spread throughout the city, throughout this little camp, Scanlan.


We're crammed on this thing.


I thought those were rabbits.


Sure, in the kitchen there's a chilly room. The mansion will expire in 12 hours though.


A gif-in.


Yeah, let me try to Hold Monster again. At least force him to use his thing.


I thought it was something about gnomes there.


Vax. I didn't have to wake up to know it was you, motherfucker.


Can I start?


I just love Seattle.


It's on like Tron.


"Please, take a moment to breathe." (all laugh)


I walk him to the shrine of Sarenrae.


Alerting the cities.


I'm very scared.


It's one, no, 2AM there.


I take my life into my hands any time I build something. I think that a non-magical approach to containing it might actually work. I think the problem is--


I guess I'll punch a baby. It's going to miss, though. That's a slippery baby, right?


Is it like a many-armed ...situation? (all laugh)


I rolled another 20.


Well, that's three of five.


No, you can tell us about the ritual! Ritual?


Yeah, I'll pay her.


What are we going to do today with Chris Perkins? Talk, or go fucking kill a dragon?


You're ready for your people.


Like it's been ransacked, or just a really nasty fight?


I feel like I'm talking to Baby Groot in Guardians 2. If we're in the room--


Hey, look at this beautiful box.


You're right! Kinky. Ooh! What? I mean, thank you?


Guys! Look at this cute puppy. Look at this adorable puppy. It's such a cutie pie!


Doesn't he have crossbow advantage?


What do I see in the town? Do I see a mass anywhere?


It's fun, you shoot things with a gun. Do you have to get the gun for it?


Okay, done.


I'm going to fuck some cows up.


No. It can't.


I have advantage! Thank you!


Ring it up, we’ll take it.


Nope. Great.


Yes, but the dragon is injured now.


(grunting affirmatively)


Pike and Scanlan are in it, everyone else needs to get close.


Ahaha. Sorry.


Taking a short rest.


Vera? (mic thuds)


Pepperbox.


No, there's nothing down there. I'll jump down there and join Jester.


I'm going to go down with you.


Scanlan! I got you!


Drop your sword.


Okay, good. Do I do any additional damage with my holy arrow?


Oh, nice! That's not dark, at all. (mutters) What the fuck? (laughter)


All right, everyone. Close your eyes.


-- my ears hurt.


Yep. I've got to take more organized notes. Maybe we can stop by the fancy tower on the way back?


Vault the lava.


I would like that very much.


Not the first, not the last.


I don't know how to translate it!


I have 13 of those right here. Do you have anything else?


No? Well, I will settle for a 27.


It was so nice to see a familiar face in such a strange place. She's lovely.


To a passerby.


Well, see, you guys did kind of jump, and it didn't feel good, right?


The most lackluster how do you want to do this!


Keyleth getting arrested, I don't give a shit. You guys were fucked.


Does she walk past the Sun Tree when I'm having a random conversation with no one?


Can we bring the volume level down?


Traps?


You cannot argue with that.


You had to roll for both of us?


Ring of Protection.


With a disadvantage to all strength checks.


Let's do it great weapon master, just for kicks.


And let's all take a short rest and then go back.


No! Keep going! (cawing) Tell them! Keep going!


Why do you think that?


No promises, you guys.


Strength checks and strength saving throws, advantage.


He just took 100 points of damage.


I've seen some of those, I avoided them. But there's also something else. I haven't quite seen it yet.


We'll flip a coin, right, Grog?


In the (mumbling) district. I ran out of page--


Do the voice, Sam! You're so good at it!


So they'll honor a one-on-one fight? They'll honor that? They won't pull a fast one and swarm in when he's on his last leg?


Is it four days and on that night?


A headshot.


Get off!


(shouting) And I will be naked and riding through the desert-- (laughter)


Also, I'm not trying to prevent us from following this plan, but we were warned not to make any deals with any creature--


What is it, is it an acrobatics?


Well, problem. Stairway, but when water comes back in, you drown in that stairway. So--


Status gained  fall into a pile of shit. Never to get out.


I'm going to move to where I'm in the middle of them. I'm still kind of stuck.


What if we just made a lot of noise in here?


Doty, we have some work to do! Working breakfast.


I don’t remember, but it’s in the bag of holding.


You should take this.


That's a 25 to hit.


Oh, he would never do that. I believe you are mistaken, actually.


(fake sobbing) There's shirts and there's hats and there's hoodies! And there's Tarot cards, and-- No, but seriously, the shirt of Matt, of our evil DM who's about to kill us all, you can get a shirt that has his face on it, evilly smirking, so it's perfect.


(poorly playing Chopsticks)


I'm so excited about a long rest.


Can I ask you a question, Keeper?


Hey! Minus, no, plus one. No. (laughs) Eightee-- wait. (laughter)


Should we turn in for the night, then?


And assistance.


Three days to kill.


Well, I don't know if I should-- It's a lot of fire and acid, mainly. That seems to be related to the type of dragon I'm from.


Yeah, nine.


So we're leaving behind a horse and a cart.


It was the fireworks, too. It wasn't just me. Okay, great.


That was good that she didn't get critted.


That's low.


Well, but Grog won't fit on the flying carpet. This is a really-- This is like a mind puzzle.


No, behind it. Yeah.


We could go to the bank here in Vasselheim and switch out money for platinum. We have enough gold to do. It's 500 platinum each, you said?


Everyone used the same paper, stock, and font.


Nott did. Wait-- both? Nevermind.


Not so sweet these days. I did not think you would have lived.


All right, here we go. I head off towards The Bloated Cup.


Oh, heck yeah! I'm really good at that.


I'm going to sit and fix my gun.


The Mighty! That's good!


We walk back down with it. Beau retrieved this, maybe? We've got a glowing rock. I'm going to put it in the room, see if anything happens.


Yeah, I've noticed everybody else is very short. It's fascinating.


I'm trying to get water out of my ear.


Where's Keyleth when you need her?


I don't trust that thing.


I already have a couple, so I will gladly give one to somebody who is going to need it.


With a saving throw?


Do you get an attack of opportunity?


Aha ha! 21!


You sick fuck. You're amazing.


Did Protto duck or anything?


I think that's a terrible idea.


Guys, go. Go on.


Were you holding those the whole time?


I don't know. How do I do it?


Everybody hop on an eagle.


150 pounds.


Okay, I'm going to come up and I'm going to parkour off of one of the crates and I'm going to try and come down and I want to nail him in the temple and try and do a stunning strike. First, I'm just going to try and hit him.


Otherwise, we're going to go right now.


Oh, I'll go in for this one as well.


But I think you are right, and I think that they're going to hold that, and someone will take it, whether it's in a hundred years or a thousand years, and she doesn't want it and--


Voice of the Tempest, motherfuckers!


Gunslinger warlock.


I don't think they'd take kindly to surprises.


It's not a natural one.


You could work him for a little bit, not a lot.


Didn't you have a thing held for the sorceress?


Huh. I think I have a passenger, and that's interesting.


You're bigger.


Are you doing the, "It's been an honor to serve with you, sir"?


No bonuses here.


Did we contribute any of our own gold into this pile?


Also, while she's rolling, do we all see people eyeballing him?


I'm going after many things. I have a long list of things I want to tick off.


I could make a collapsible one, where it's basically a one-third dodecahedron, like an observatory.


You have to save first.


Plus it would be a good chance to ask around about Algar. He's influential in the city.


Wait, we have a tower?


Jesus for everybody.


Me and Pike?


We're not telling you to fucking go.


Sorry we had to rebel, you guys.


Oh! I need one. I need a large.


They won't. The giants are going to keep smashing them.


I could do it, but you have to be familiar with it. Being told about it doesn't count, does it?


And our gray stone friend?


I forget how this works, does he have your hit points?


I need to check and make sure it's not here, and if there is a room back there I need to make sure it's not here.


The central stables.


No it's his mount.


So we're going to need four people.


And maybe just--


Oh god, we have a map.


How high is it jumping?


Can we pass under his legs or something?


How many hit points do you have?


Hear that, Grog? You're not evil.


Are we all in the same room at this point?


You're looting her already?!


Wait for me there.


I'm going to scooch-- well, no, I'm with Beau, so I'm asking if I sense anything of arcane nature.


I am so proud of you. I am so proud of you.


It's run of the mill.


(singing) On D&D!


Neverending Storying our way to a terrible death.


Can I quickly inspire her?


Send out the guards.


She's staying at the same place that we are.


And everything I have, at least at the moment, anything with a gun is at disadvantage. Oh, but I've got Hex on him, so even if I hit him with a sword, it's an extra d6. I'm going to try and start hacking him to let me go. Ooh! Weird question. If I use the drop-it effect, the grit drop an item, can I get him to drop me, as an item?


Does anybody else want to drive the cart today, or do you want me to keep driving it?


Yeah, it takes ten-ish minutes to do Comprehend Languages, and if I'm touching--


Damn it! Okay.


These are new T-shirts!


Holy shit. Ah!


Maybe he'll want that helmet.


Fuck that, no, no, no we've got to get in the middle. This is a terrible plan.


(dry heaving)


Taking out the closest guy that's to me.


Because it's simultaneous.


Horris is in this room right now?


Do I know any of their names?


I have been specifically not tweeting my full name yet.


You guys are confusing me. Look, I just talk to them.


Wow, way to hang onto that one, Matt.


Home. To our keep.


Yeah! Oof, that's close. That's a 19?


I will be at the rear.


I am again. Okay, so that's six, (counting). That was almost a six! My finger fucked it up. (counting), 45 points of radiant damage.


It's not really lying.


You can, actually. Well, we hope that you can, as it concerns dragon matters. We know that you serve Bahamut, the great, the wonderful, the very metallic. These very terrible colored-- chromatic red, green, lots of different dragons, they've attacked--


I'm tripping and falling in front of the guard carrying the thing as I'm trying to look at the body.


Yeah, 420.


I stand confused and watch Kiki leave us.


You're out.


Right in front of her. Between her and the-- yeah. There. One, two, three to the salamander.


This is not a Sneak Attack and I obviously can't have done Hunter's Mark.


What're you doing? Which one do you want?


Yeah! Fucking--


That would've been really cool.


Yeah, it's only a 12 dex save.


This isn't a charm thing?


Absolutely, is it my turn again?


His boots are made of fur.


We're going to miss you.


That's 12 points of piercing damage for the bite.


Does he know friend from foe?


You paid her for it?


Yeah, Great Weapon Master with the blood axe.


Could we say that Beau and--


What about pulling into a cove outside of the city a couple of miles and walking in?


And just because I'm feeling like a jerk, I'm burning an action surge. Forget it. Reloading-- oh, I've actually--


All right, I'll give it a go.


He'll attack the tentacle that's holding Tary.


Did you help us, or are you just saying "almost?"


I'll take it and put it around my neck.


We should all stand back. Better safe than sorry.


I think poop is normally one.


So none of those forms are moving, breathing, anything, as far as I can tell.


Oh, Scanlan!


I saw, what color is Trinket and what color is his armor? He's brown, and he's got silver armor.


Move!


Tonight we prepare for an incredible battle. Go. Release any meager prisoners you may have kept. They will do nothing for our fight.


We could talk to some of Tiffany's crew, right? Bouldergut seems dumb.


Here, let me just--


Show me! That was awesome!


Is he good?


Not yet, not yet.


I don't know. You know, Nott and I have been travelling together for a while and two is better than one, although still very difficult.


Yeah, when it didn't fucking count!


"For dealing with the thieves who appropriated my possession. Reliability like this will prove profitable for you and your house, should you continue to be. One half of our agreed payment is enclosed--" (gasp) Is that what the hundred platinum was? One half of it? "With the other being paid upon recovery of the cloven crystal--" I think that's what this thing is. "It is imperative that you find this bauble and return it to me. It has great sentimental value to me and my family. This rendering should suffice to guide the discerning eyes of your hunters."


Boom!


Oh no, it's happening again. It feels like it's coming up.


Oh, that's awesome!


23 plus ten, still?


Who is my father?! I don't know.


They know that the orb was with two of the others, so as long as we keep the distance, everything should be fine.


I've had that cask for two years, man!


About ten feet. And then I'll do the 2d10 damage.


Maybe we should leave.


Oh, that's even worse.


No, I wanted two cheeseburgers. What did you say?


Fuck! I was thinking of Fjord as I was trying to be nice!


I'm not very smart!


Can I try a nature check on it?


Hi. Gosh, it's been a while.


I go find Tooma.


Oh boy. Okay. I'm going to take a wing shot at that dragon to try and drop him. Come on. Natural 20.


We are inside the boat. Relay that message when you can. Bye.


And then she's going to hold her action until a thing appears.


What? Well, I'm going to use my bonus action. Since there's nothing to attack at the moment, I'm going to move slightly to the other end of that little precipice that I'm on, over where Keyleth disappeared.


Who could we take him to, could we tree to Gilmore?


Two times, yeah.


A little kitty.


Uh oh. All right, I know how this works. (laughter)


(fire breath noise)


I'm going to heal really quickly.


I shot him in the face.


It's the thing that saved our butts last time.


Personal experience, that's all I'm saying.


(sings) We’ve only just met.


20. Jeez.


I don't know. If we can get in and out of this quick and keep going--


Little by little, Grog.


What is that? Oh my god!


Good day, good evening.


It's just me and some instruments now. You have to come get me.


I also think they're trying to be scary.


Let's set it down, just in case. Okay? Then I pull out my spell book again and-- Will you hold this for me?


I'm going to snoop in the barracks.


-- take the earring and I whisper to my sister, (whispers) follow along.


Scanlan perhaps a little ditty on strings will ease our introduction.


Are you going to carry the sledgehammer?


Really, now?


He closes his eyes?


You can drop me off.


As I see her, I turn and face outward.


We'll find out. I'd like to re-attune to the Cloak of Displacement. And the Boots of Haste, are they spent for the day for anybody? If I were to wear them, could I get the juice or no? They're done?


Bring it in.


Yes, well, I'm going to make sure I have to-- of course inform-- Yes.


I could tell you, but I don't remember.


Caleb, Blessing of the Trickster on the way through.


Shitballs. Well, there you go. Goodbye.


Oh, I'm sorry. Are you afraid I'm going to stub a toe in the middle of the night?


Did he lose his grip, come on!


Scanlan, I'm a little nervous about these ropes. What if they're trying to catch us or something?


And disregard it completely.


All her hopes and dreams.


Yeah, one more!


Is this Undercommon?


That was wild. Okay. Yes. Oh, hi. Again. There's two of them. I pull a wire out and I aim towards my friends on the horses. There's two of them. Six seconds go by. There's two of them on the first floor. What do we do?


Well, we waste no time.


Could also shoot him from the dark when he's not expecting it to happen.


You got a kiss! I didn't get a kiss.


Past Keyleth and the one that I just stabbed the shit out of.


Scanlan, I don't blame you. I don't. This seems to be coming out of nowhere, and he's married to me, and I will cut you!


So what is that, total?


I'm already on him.


We should get some ale. Wait, maybe we should drop off the Bag of Holding so we're not carrying it around.


Yeah. Is there a tavern downstairs or anywhere they'd have cups or wineskins?


I'm using any movement I have to pick up the dust of my fallen friend, if there is any dust.


Last attack-- that tentacle's still fine, right?


Yeah, that was the best.


No. No, I'm calling that one.


I think I was more stealthy than you a moment ago, so are you sure you want to be in front of me?


For my bonus action, I'm going to fist the dragon again! Just going to jam it in there!


Oh, shit, right away.


Oh, I killed him, yay! Everything's fine.


Can we stand on it? Anything, if we wanna fight it? Or are we gonna be fighting it in the water?


My healing is barely anything. So I'll inspire you instead, I think.


No no no, at least it's not a one. 20.


I stand up using half my movement.


It's in the safe, right?


Yeah, I mean, and either way, I like that because either way, if only the pawns of the group follow him out? That's fewer goliaths we have to worry about. Best-case scenario, Kevdak, Zanror, and the best of the baddies chase him out, we can get the hostages out, and then set the trap for when they come back.


Do you sell any love potions?


But not too deep, right? I want to be able to still make the ladies swoon.


It's fungus, actually.


Understandable.


(growls) Yes! Aiming for the jugular. 23.


I assume this is a sneak attack since he can't see it.


I'll try that. At least trying to kick my feet into his eye. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't.


One action! It's one action, because I knew that. And I'm going to cast, and I'm going to say, Utugash.


Well, I wanted to move!


My father did find out.


We're all awake now.


Russian accent. Vague.


That's not the Laura I know.


Return?


Yeah. We're going to start flanking to the back.


He would be more aware of what we're asking for, if we asked for it. As opposed to the blacksmith.


Does this seem like the stuff that's in these people? I've seen several heads come off and I've got samples of it available to me.


By the way, why is he covered in bloodbath?


How about we nonchalantly walk by the entrance to get an idea.


Okay. So I'll also do a Mass Cure Wounds.


I agree. Should we-- Do we check in with the others and see?


She said she'd be back within a month, that she was just checking out the front lines at Bladegarden.


You know what's so great about that, Grog? You said you were going to pay back the gold you lost me in the first fight.


Yeah, I know. I grab the food that I just took from my plate and I'm like, "Thaddeus, come. Thaddeus?"


Okay. I got a five.


This guy's getting hurt!


(stage whisper) Liam, don't you have a potion or something?


I cast Disguise Self.


What does she look like? Oh.


Yes we did!


I'll accompany you, just to make sure you don't get killed.


You're running up the stone?


Before-- because assuming it's been, it sounds like a couple of days, if there's walls and artistry happening, have the wagons gotten back?


It's pretty, huh?


You're out, you're just not doing death saves.


(gasps) Oh! This was her camp!


I have an idea. Should we wait until the sun comes up, create a distraction, so all the undead giants come looking, and then we have someone go cut the bodies off the tree, and--


(cooing)


Sorry, my communication earring was a little low there. What was said?


I would like to continue to stealth ahead of the group and also continue checking for traps.


That hurt me. My hit points are actually in the double digits now.


We're not done.


I don't know how to break this to you. They're not there yet.


Put it in your belly!


American.


Did you choose languages?


Do I get to keep this, or was that the only time?


Do we go towards the Lavish Chateau?


You bring a bit, and then the bit is shaped and formed by the director of the show. If you can do a thing with fire or you can do some juggling, and then they figure out how that's going to work into everything. Where it sits and what costuming, and the whole thing is all an act. Mostly. Mostly an act.


Back in the drink again!


Apparently, Dotty had a bit of a run-in with some of that Vasselheim--


Only one way to find out, yeah?


How much swing does it have? Is it locked all the way over here, or is it hung back there?


We have the best fans.


I'm the only problem.


Ah! How do I get out of this? Can I cast Dispel Magic on Nott's bubble?


I cast Light. "It's us!"


It's okay, I'll see you guys very soon.


Inspiration time?


Yeah, but I'm holding an arrow that's half in and out of the dragon. So I've got a little tunnel out.


That's the critical. That's the dice damage. I rolled really low.


What the fuck is with you people? All right, Keg knocks it back.


We'll give him Garmelie if we have to.


Yes. It's all about studying.


Hey, pass that back. That's mine.


I'm not creepy! I'm just trying to be mindful!


Excuse, me but this is a once-in-a-lifetime moment for me.


I don't know, it's a bit foggy, but a few days.


This is just a snake. This is a big, weird snake I'm looking at?


I rolled a two, so it's a 27.


Caleb! Provided this plan works, after we knock down the folks, someone on each party should put on their cloak and resume their guard pattern and keep walking around the wall.


Yes. Yes, we are. We are confirmed for that. Are we announcing that?


Okay, so the first hit is a 26.


Reload. Fire again. Wait, do I want to do this? Nope. I'll keep moving and hide behind that wall.


We just destroyed the door.


So we could open some sort of private investigation service.


You're going to go Sweeney Todd all up in this shit.


We need to make a lot of noise and then release it. Attract attention, release it, hide.


He's not even here.


How did the ship explode, Fjord?


Thank you. And if there had been weapons I'd be in deep shit. I'll be at the bar.


He's so strong from the last game.


Nobody's chasing after you or giving you any heat, are they?


Just like her owner.


Wait. Scanlan, are there any windows in there?


(sighs) Do you know what I do every night?


Oh no, that's a 16, I'm sorry! I was right, it was 23. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm a dick!


So enter the temple. Understood.


Okay, I'm gonna use Disengage to kick away from this big fucking thing and start-- I'm hasted, so I should be able to get to Keyleth.


I have a passive perception of 18.


Anything from the war mask?


I'm going to use the dice.


The only thing I worry about is we made a deal with him.


(sighs heavily)


Oh, that's pretty.


This brings me back to some home games.


That was really good, Marisha. Are you really Marisha?


Should I try to shoot it? When none of us are in the room?


It's a different color palette? Color palette swaps.


That's actually a good idea, as well.


Let's take her.


You all brothers and sisters?


Jesus. Better. 14.


Like you're attacking ribbon candy.


Come on, take a swing! I'm trying to do you a favor! Come on, get it out!


That's for when we steal things, and I pretend to be his baby and he pretends to be my mama. Then when they're looking at the cute baby, he steals something.


I'm going to turn around to Cobra Kai. I want to be like: (slurring) That was mean. Because I'm still very sick and now I'm poisoned. Then I'm just going to start fucking blind rage, in my slight hallucinatory haze, whaling on her.


40 feet, all right.


I actually spent the night in a field with Reginald.


I do not. Nila would like to gather these goodberries and, on the way out, give one to each of those horrible sounding roosters. (laughter)


Thanks, Dad!


You could always get it back from him if he decides to leave our presence.


An hour! You have to wait because we got all of them! (laughter)


About to go and do something very stupid. Let's do it.


That is 16, wisdom.


I guess it is that notion of leading up to this one moment that you've thought of for a while. Once you complete that, what happens next?


Come on. Drop your pants and get with the plan.


Oh, man. (gasps)


But you think it might still be of the same fiendish nature?


Wait, plus, plus--


If we run into something on the way there, though, I don't want to be at peak performance yet.


She looked dead. She did not look natural.


You've been up there, haven't you, Caleb?


Which brings me to four.


Casala family, I think we have eight in their generation; I was only here for the last two.


How much are those?


That's cool, good!


It's me.


It turns out that that was-- Kylre did that.


Can I use my Cutting Words on that one?


Yeah, that's true, that's true.


We can get H. Jon Benjamin on this show, right?


There's a fuck-you beam too, there's like literally a fuck-you beam


We're in a lobby, eating chicken.


Critical hit, too, as well, wouldn't it?


Hector, why don't you go first?


So I'm gonna try to strike him in his underbelly.


I'm going to undo it.


Tylieri. How are these men, the duke and the count? What do the people think of them?


After we've cooked, I'm going to switch out his salt for his sugar.


You did the artist formerly known as Prince?


Smells in here.


You all right? Still up.


-- seeing several of the more notorious de Rolos as spirits wandering about the halls, Melanie just being one of them. But she was very excited by the notion of a garden and actually, originally, many of these paths were--


(shouting) It's the Traveler!


Yeah, I was a bit of a reader growing up.


You had to have seen Caduceus.


We’re giving out crates in a chat room thing, don't we?


I'm going to cry out to everyone  we need their heads. Don't hit them in the face, please. I am engaged. I know, there's nothing I can do. I am engaged with that thing, aren't I?


I'll just smack you and then you'll become you again.


I'm not mad in thinking that trusting this creature is the only option available at this point. I say "trust". Walking in this direction is the only direction available at the moment. Any attempt to counter her at this point leads to our destruction. She has us.


I'm going to be moderating the final San Diego Comic Con Adventure Time panel, because the series is ending. It will be fun, but probably sad, but fun! It'll be fun. I was told to keep it light. So I'm keeping it light. Then in the evening, I'm going to be joining the good, good boys of The Adventure Zone at their live show. So I'm getting my D&D fill.


They're bouncers, like rough bouncers at that bar.


I do the mending on the Sarenrae statue.


We could do a quick mining.


Do you have medicine skills?


Just, there's so much. I figure something's got to be interesting.


Rhino.


And use some hit dice.


We do set up the tent.


(laughs and imitates yelp)


I am still ducking behind the tree, but that still hits.


As bats--


But we know he's in the room. That's where we're all heading.


But you have advantage.


Just lubing up. Glistening.


No, check your smell bag.


What? What did you, what was that?


But the proof is in the pudding because if that ring were gone from my presence, Vecna would be bending me over a barrel right now.


No, he won't tell me!


But I'm doing a torso shot. So he gets no save, there's no save for the torso shot, he's going to take his damage and move ten feet away from me.


We've got four jokes this campaign.


The goddess Ioun told me to protect it in a circle reminiscent of the circle of my third eye.


And we were hoping we could come to an agreement.


Can I see if the hole is natural-made, or man-made?


He won't be in chains, exactly. Is that all right?


Okay, I'll blow above the door.


Can I help?


I was upset about the carpet, and I wasn't-- he's huge! What was I going to say?


I make my way down to the thing and I tell the bartender, give this warrior water. This might be your problem, Grog. You lost for a reason, and you're a warrior.


What does Blessing of the Trickster do?


N-O-L-L?


And as always, I'll enjoy the rear.


Let me look! Are there?


Still animalistic.


Can we check the door jambs and the walls?


We're a tolerant group.


I've seen a wolf, out and about, but he seems to do his job well, and I'm not going to stop him.


He might not know that. But what are they excavating for? What are they looking for?


Just lost your bowels.


I don't know. Okay, all right.


Have you seen anything like it?


Okay, so three... plus (mumbles)


Single attack. All right.


Jesus. And he's got guns.


Well, I just want to say that this was the most fun adventure I've ever had in my lives and you guys are the bestest friends that I've ever had, and I think you should keep the Ball of Fun, but I'd be very careful because Sir Cadigan's after it. I better keep moving, so I might get off here, you guys.


I can't wait! It's going to be so much fun.


It's what all the kids called me.


Stick around.


As a firbolg, you have the ability, no, to disguise yourself? Every firbolg does, to shrink a little bit if you want.


Maybe get the acid off it first.


Three things. Three things.


Oh no! Fjord, are you all right? Are you injured? Did they cut off your thumbs?


Could I do a history check?


(wordless noise of approval)


I propose that we make it seem like Sutan and the High-Richter were conspiring to have Orentha killed. So we have a note put into Sutan’s house that says: "On behalf--" from an intermediary, "On behalf of HR, wants the plan to go into motion immediately and that Orentha will be out for the festival tonight."


And then this is not a sneaky attacky, right?


Sometimes it irritates me.


DC 17.


Wait! I fistbump Pike, pop my hood up, and then quietly go into the room.


We've got to get those fucking gauntlets.


Did you already say about the physical copies, too? When those will be released?


The first whisper!


Is it still alive?


Can we look down? Can we just look down?


Huh.


The chopsticks are awesome, but don't try to pick up metal dice with them because they're way too heavy.


Ah, that's some good syphilis.


By Polymorph.


Well, that sucked.


(laughing) Monster magic!


I would like to make a-- you tell me what check it is. What I want to do is to look down into this thick mud stuff. What I'm looking for are tracks, and if I do well enough, I want to see if I can get a sense of how fast the thing was going. Has it slowed down because it's comfortable, or is it still running?


Even if there is a vault, all the vault is is a-- it's the one place in any city where everyone knows something valuable's kept.


Windmill.


That was a ring.


Do you mean the hyenas?


Attack was to throw one, but I only get the one because I can't do attack-attack.


That's it, ten.


Are there any traps that they hit?


Yeah, no. Underwater.


Could one of us carry it until she returns? Who could really use it?


(shouting) Motherfucking werewolves! (howling)


Okay. And then we go in.


I know. It was very spur-of-the-moment. Nobody was standing at our side, except for each other.


No, I don't think that would do it.


You should just kill it! Kill it! It's already nervous, kill it and don't worry about healing yourself.


We should get some new letters going.


I'm going to send the duplicate out in front of us; I've still got 30 seconds left of it.


My darling, it's because I'm so ripped.


I would love to see something cool.


(laughing) Yes.


I have found, put your hand up here like this when you're talking to them because Percival sounds like Percival.


I am going to make a cipher that can be used to decode this book. If we send a cipher and the book, they can take time to read the entire thing.


You sound like it.


Wait, are Fjord and Jester going to go call off the employers?


Are you certain you're not trying to do comedy right now?


Hits. 13 is my armor class.


Breath recharged.


(shouting) Party down in the third basement!


15, 24? Okay, so. Ten, 11, 12. 16 plus ten for the burning.


Yes, one more. We push it one more hour.


You get another thing?!


That's interesting. How does it pertain to what we are trying to do today?


My cat was in there, but not I.


A bear basket.


Are you talking about me?


Two weeks?!


Dwarf Sigma Sigma.


They call me Benny. Benny Hill.


Wait, what? There's a before?


Faster, faster!


Perfect. How much would this run me?


You out again?


Okay. This is so weird!


(as Jester) I'm trying to be a good healer, but me.


Grog's the good cop. Look at his face.


I was going to say, Jurassic Park.


(shouting) Oh no, Yasha you always do this, no! (laughter)


By the way, while this is going on, I'm dragging Doty out.


Well, you're the leader, Caleb. You tell us.


I've had my own demons to contend with in my life, to make me doubt my own intelligence. I get the sense that your compatriot-- I hate to call it friend, here--


You guys are lucky that I stopped just a few feet right before we would have all seen the gate. You're welcome. You know, I'm really earning my keep here. So!


Okay. I'm going to create my duplicate.


I can cast Locate Creature.


I'm a guest, foreigner, just like you. Passing through. Traveling on.


We have some bits and pieces, what do you need? We have gold, but you don't really strike me as the type who cares.


Oh, maybe, you know what? I'm going to hang out right there, maybe.


It's just obscenities. That's all it is.


Well, he takes 12d6 radiant damage, which is cool. Come on, big money!


Okay, so we're down a couple spells, or whatever.


Yeah, the hero worship is kind of nice.


I really would hate for our problem with them to end up coming and finding the kids. My words aren't really here right now, you know what I mean.


Well, you know, we might want to brush our teeth.


It's so sad.


Goddamn it. I hope we're not fighting anything so I can recharge these.


I've got to get my calculator out to find out if I'm about to die.


Whoa, that's so amazing!


He takes half-damage. But you did great.


Caduceus detected magic, and it was glowy.


I'm still coughing, but I feel much better. Thank you.


I can try. But it flies.


I'm like  That's going to get infected now, in the ocean.


Mort. Open the door with the key.


Only today, though. Today's the last day.


You studied harder than I did.


I hope so. Feels like a big task for one person. How would he have those connections?


Enough to open a door.


Plus 2d8 for your fire damage.


(high-pitched) Well--


Chain it up.


Well, pretty smart, they're all like me.


She's multiclassing a third time.


The Big O. That is good.


Reggie?


Get out of there.


It's delicious!


Why don't you let the little people have some fun?


He's pretty charismatic.


The first one was 15?


Okay, so the first one  not great, six damage? Second one: better, eight damage.


That's wonderful!


I cast Telekinesis on the stone slab, lift us up, and push us.


Well, exactly, it's got secrets. We have a house that has powerful secrets in it, that people shouldn't be in. I'm saying we should claim it so that we can keep other people from falling victim.


We may need a place to disappear to, so yes.


You're just going to go in there, Scanlan?


This is normal.


I figure we do that after.


Some of our acts are a little complicated, with performers who are not of the traditional variety. Can make some of the locals get a little shifty, if you know what I mean, and it's good to have a few people around who are capable of keeping issues contained.


Seeing one of us die scares the shit out of me.


Regular roll?


I'm just going to try and once again catch him in--


We do?


Above the water, over to the volcano. How do we do this?


Hmm, I would say no.


I'm going to let that one go.


What is a watch?


The bullet, the bullet.


It was just some light torture.


Yeah, this is like a famine home in Ireland. You can see the edges of it, probably.


I mean they've got a lot of eyes, I get that, but I think in terms of a movement situation, spiders aren't the best.


Fly away!


Well, I can't make any promises.


Song and Supper. See if Dolan’s there.


Knock on Vax's door.


Or he's not here at all and he's at the bar that he likes to hang out at--


Oh, Keyleth. We're not leaving.


Can you all say, "Yay"?


Good dialogue!


Oh, why didn't I think of that?


It opens, it closes, you can see your spells when you need to see them without flipping.


Should we do a dance?


Yeah. I'm going to hold my action until one of them either-- yeah, they get close to me.


You are most gracious.


Make him a butler? He doesn't want to do that.


At the same time I will back up my full movement while Frumpkin runs into the edge of that darkness.


I grab Percy up on the broom so we can fly up.


Dagon is the owner.


I take out my mace and get ready.


Also, come over here. Please.


Oh! How do you send a message to him? You mean, like, spell Message?


None of them are in Elvish?


Okay, I'm going to smack. That's a 19 plus seven. I think that maybe hits.


Scanlan! Scanlan, are you here?


You look weird. What's up?


Okay. Not trusting this guy, I'm going to go ahead and cast Faerie Fire. It's a 20-foot radius. Just right in this bubble that we've been hanging out in.


Oh, okay. I was seeing if he could catch their scent.


You're two people again! How does it feel?


Okay. And then I'm going to shoot-- I'm going to shoot arrows.


We should get them at the same table and ask them questions, because they have to be within 15 feet of me.


Can I make a beard check?


We're taking this contract?


I don't need an explanation, jesus.


We reached out to touch it and it cut my face.


Nott-y.


Within moderation.


No, yeah, we'll definitely keep those.


Want to take a knee, everybody?


"We guys?"


Do you have a crush on Cashew?


I said if you run away we'll still find you.


I sing a song.


Well, if he pulls any shit then we kill it.


We took a field trip with her.


It's a very confusing spell.


I literally just got choked to death 18 hours ago, so I'm not sweating it. What're we going to do?


We're not thinking about this clearly.


She's a doctor. It's fine.


And what are they doing? Eating hearts?


Mind like a steel trap.


That's all right, it's not my shooting arm.


Let's turn it down.


How do we find Algar?


It served its purpose.


That's pretty good. It's three.


The anchor? Okay, that's opposite from what I said.


Oh, because the shadows won't match.


I'm going to crawl over there on my horse as well and get a feel of it.


You could just have Water Breathing, and be riding a whale. But if you get tossed from the whale, can you swim?


You can't take our carpet, we're on the carpet.


I think he's still in there and he's maybe been turning people mad. That would be my guess.


Thed, where is the key? Which pocket is it in?


We're still a--


Who's the False Serpent? If the Warden guards the False Serpent?


Oh. Thank you. Thank you, sir! May I have another?


Not anyone.


I never trusted that Magneto motherfucker! Fuck.


I lick my pinky and I put it in, and I slowly draw a big ballsack on Grog's forehead.


(whispering) I'm going to assume yes. Hey Jester! (cooing)


Fuck it. It's tonight. (laughter)


I would say so.


As we start to walk, I cast Stoneskin on myself.


We could. I could die before you.


And that is a measly little four. So that was action, action, action, four. And that's it.


Oh, that's a good point.


How about, everyone get ready?


What if we ask Reginald to call for help, like he needs this fuck's help, and then he comes over, and then we spring a trap on him.


Oh, yep, I'm on it.


Okay, well, I will. I'm going to hold my symbol in my hand and do like this because I've seen Caleb do fancy things, and then I'm going to make it.


Well, I know what I want to do, but I can't do it without feeling guilty! I was going to Sunbeam this bitch.


Are there any ropes across the door?


This ought to cover it just fine.


Kill him. Destroy his life.


Oh shitballs. That's at two plus eight is ten.


Not that I've ever met.


Don't look at me, I'm shit broke.


I feel like-- it's a very good Laura. Yes, of course there are people here that I think are very attractive and charming, but that doesn't mean I will act on that.


Yeah, get the sword. Sword in the haversack.


Do I need to spend a little time with this?


You know what, Grog, you could, it might make you feel better if you repaid the favor. I've been meaning to try to upgrade Mythcarver.


Come on! Don't fuck up, Percy! Don't fuck up! It's all right.


We just can't have a fucking peaceful drink, can we? Just got to get right into shit. Okay.


You and I stealth.


Scanlan, do you have a circlet right now? You had the Ioun stones. Do you have anything on your head?


A 10. Plus my constitution which is two, three, thirteen.


Does she not drink very much?


Is he still in the ball?


You can squat that.


Do me a favor. Go below decks and try and find us some drink, will you?


Continue the investigation? Or go back?


It's got a bear. I'm imagining the bear from Burning Man actually.


Well, I'm feeling a bit salty this morning. (laughter)


And we'll find it.


Ah, that's some of my favorite wood right there!


You're talking too much. It's not like I've made myself very accessible either. It's not on you. It might be a little on you, but it's on both of us. Anyway, my point is: for the longest time, I was terrified that I was going to lose you. First to death and then to the Raven Queen, which is still kind of like death, and then ultimately to yourself. And then I had an interesting talk with Pike recently, and she said something that really stood out to me, and that was that some people just have more of themselves to give. And I realized this whole time that I was afraid of losing you to a future that ultimately has not yet been written, which is stupid.


So beer tour, then circus?


Okay, so that's four plus six is ten, because this isn't Sneak Attack or anything.


I look at the axe and look at the blood covering it and I look over at Duke Gonad and I say, so, where are you from and how did you come to be in the service of the Briarwoods?


He was very handsome.


I am along for the ride.


Yeah, we'll drop down and join Jester and co.


Right, thank you, Jester! Ooh, that's much better. 18?


They're soul stone slivers?


I'll give you level-two challenge rating.


Shove some other people around, do that thing.


There are lots of cool stuff in there! What was the check?


(painful groaning)


29, yeah. I think we still have Pass without Trace. 39.


I don't know. Do you guys want to watch for five hours?


Come on, Scanlan.


Welcome to Deadwood!


Intelligence.


Long time coming.


The floor is yours if you wish to tell everyone what the real plan is.


It's about that time I'm like, okay, bye, Sun Tree. And then I'm going to Beast Shape into a crow and start circling her.


Pass 'em down, pass 'em down.


Wait, I guess it'd have to be like this. It's beautiful!


This is at the Assembly Yard?


(Grog voice) I would like to negotiate.


Oh, we should talk to the girl.


Ooh, sports car! Where is Marius?


I don't know now, you guys.


I bet someone's going to try to jump out at us.


Can I ask you guys, before we do anything, maybe it would be best to tell the guards that we're investigating a disappearance? We've heard things about the house and we need to check inside.


And it feels good.


You stared at that for a really long time.


What else are we going to spend the money on?


Keisha?


I'm going to run up, stealthily.


Do I hate myself? No, I'm cool. I mean, she had wings, so you want to talk about that instead?


You have your pluses and your minuses.


Ability modifier. Ten plus five.


Fire Bolt. That is an attack range guy, plus six that is a 15 to hit.


Bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo.


Yeah, I thought we'd go and talk to this guy.


Arr!


Does it sink through-- slowly through the Jello?


Okay, I'm going to take my bonus action to do something I've never done before. I'm going to trace, from my staff, and pull out a flame blade. (shing)


We've got a magic carpet.


Well, it's heavy.


Are we going in to fight now?


She found the next one.


Have you scryed on any of us, without us knowing?


He took his armor off? He's just regular clothes?


It's true!


You're all so brave.


(tearfully) I'm still going to try and cast Cure Wounds on him.


We're going to alert all of the major cities of the continents that things have gone pear-shaped.


It says as an action I can move the sphere up to 30 feet.


Oh, I'm looking at something over here.


Wait, another one came down on Fjord?


Let's go sleep now, wake up, go let the prisoners free, and then talk to Kev-- Zanror.


Vex?


Shift of stones? What?


(sultrily) I brought my tusk.


I'm going to scootch up there so I can.


Sure, I don't know.


I pull out my Flametongue Dagger and make dim light.


Grog is dumping stuff out of our Bag of Holding.


I'm running over to a gem.


I'll stay.


Oh, Percy! Didn't notice your bald spot there.


All right. I take my broom.


Are you just creeped out because he knew or because of what happened? Why are you upset?


Do you think it's locked?


I was near the lead.


I'll just make-- Does Lightning Bolt come from me, or can--


Spirit her on with anger. Good job.


They went into the thing! They're gone forever!


Sentries?


(sirens) Understood. I'm sure with a personality as large as his, it won't be too hard to find some information on him, some gentle poking around.


I'm going to talk to the moss.


I take Nott over to the southern wall.


While we're here, I feel like if Bahamut is the natural enemy of Tiamat, I don't know if I want to be bound to this sword for much longer. I feel like my time of hunting Vecna is done. I feel like we have Arkhan's hand. Maybe if we handed it over to the Platinum-- these people?


That is a good question.


That's worse.


Okay. So I've just got to run around.


Can I have my book back, please?


Not great. Just a check?


All right. 18.


Maybe they don't need us any more.


It's a touch, though. Yeah, no, it doesn't matter. They're slippery little suckers.


You mean it's like at least six? Or possibly more than six? How fast actually is the reproduction process of goliaths?


You're so epic.


That's what his spell is.


Not anymore! I now have the song "Every Little Piece" from Pete's Dragon going through my head.


Light it up!


Yeah! I had advantage already, but that's cool.


I'll go with you, Nila.


Try  On Coral! On Carol! On Stimpy! On Fatty Arbuckle!


What kind of a shelter?


-- towards the castle.


I'll aid you, how about that?


Oh, I don't like them at all.


Cast that shit.


Ja, and then hopefully I'm disappearing around the corner and leaning my face against the wall, like that.


So we could be in someone's living room right now?


I'll put it right here, so it's-- Actually? No, I'll stick it right here. Yeah, because it halves it, makes it difficult terrain, so let's put it right there. Ish.


What? Why would you recognize the cloaks?


You've got a day and a half, maximum.


Ding!


I'll use my keen dagger, I think. Four plus seven is-- This is a pencil, right? Okay, 11. Where-- how do you make it work? 11.


Yeah, no, that one doesn't hit, but the rest of them do.


Where would we go eat?


I'll come with Tiberius as well.


With the new addition of our giant friend, we do have a great advantage. We can definitely make the distraction, as you say. I propose, Keyleth and another stealth member somehow see a way if there is some kind of ventilation that leads into the Major Butthole's chamber.


Whispers are so exciting.


Healing potions, people who look out for each other.


I might stop by. Where is your ship?


The shallow priest?


Say thank you!


Can I actually approach the storekeep and say: do you know of any stores that have arcane items, things with magical properties, healing potions?


Yeah, I'm going to go... Yeah, about there.


We don't even know anyone.


Yeah, it interrupted that with the fight.


Once a day?


It's only up against a wall, for Vecna.


Should we keep a little more quiet than that?


Really, it's the door's fault.


Oh, I don't think you need to do that. I'm just, you know, curious about what happened last night, if you have ever seen any shady figures in here.


Hey man, at least you hit him.


I’m sorry! I’m sorry!


This is so scary! So nerve wracking.


Or should we visit some whorehouses?


So all the messages-- because I sent word out to Gilmore, as well-- we haven't heard anything back from anyone, though. It's too soon, yeah?


And I have advantage.


Oh, double 14s.


Wait, is there a rest button?


It was just my turn in the initiative. Can I go?


What was your name, sir?


I cast Speak With Animals. Is he an animal?


Oh, wow! 17 plus nine. 26!


Technically, it's my sister's castle, but certainly.


I'm out!


Really? You guys will stay here?


I'm going to guzzle a potion, and then I'm going to shoot Percy's special arrow, question mark? At the orb.


Oh my god, I just got ten extra hit points!


Hands are sweaty?


Sarenrae, jeepers. I'm going to use perception, I'm going to look at it before going out. That is a 23.


Doesn't fire work on trolls?


I think we all wish we were better than we could have been. Seeing that bird, I'm sure the bird felt the same way. But fuck it, he's dead now.


What are you doing with this log, Percival? What is this for?


Come on, no more of that talk.


Shove it in his mouth.


It's just a given.


Fjord, something bad is happening.


63.


Yeah, I’m hurt, so maybe it wouldn’t work.


Yep. Sorry.


Just the one, one nostril?


But vote for me.


Pike. Pike, if you can hear me, we need you, now, in Vesrah. Please, it's Vax.


You know, I've found if fruit, when it goes bad, falls from the tree, and it's still on it! Therefore!


Yeah, it's like the ouroboros kinda thing.


Scanlan's up?


I'd like to compete please.


Vax! Is that Hotis?


Like H-O-A--


Maybe, Grog.


No, he can't ride the carpet, we just said that.


Wow, thank you. Thank you, guys!


A real initiative roll. That's something.


It's very shitty. Six.


The view up here is beautiful!


We're totally recording.


Ecks versus Sever.


So that means, do I get three attacks? Base attacks?


I think that's right, actually.


It's pitch dark?


A million.


How far away can he be, though?


Well, I'm still flying, you can take-- Percy, would you like to come?


Okay. So I'm just going to (hums a bit, then sings) I'm jumping in the rain. I'm jump-- so I'm going to jump off the-- can I go away from the Goliath?


You could've used your inspiration.


You know, if you kill this dragon, you'll be the greatest goliath that's ever lived.


No. We're getting another room.


I'm gonna rocky ribs the shit out of this cow.


Ooh, that would suck because then we'd be in the ocean.


I think that hits, right?


All right. Can we lift it together?


I'm not gonna talk back to you, so whatever you say.


Should I randomize which corruption point vanishes?


We can't leave the people in this city under the rule of any more of these monsters.


Do I see him point at me?


Stay all right, my friend. You stay all right.


You still get a book, though! That's what I was saying!


Okay, then I'm just going to wait for the right moment. Then I'll have Schmidt lift it over his head, but not yet.


Jenga!


Someone asked if Grog could keep one of his women in the bag of holding. You can't put living things in the bag of holding.


That's all you need.


If you're within 30 feet of me, you still get plus ten.


You wrote all this?


Well, if I know anything about your skills, Scanlan, I think it says a lot about Dr. Dranzel. So--


Everyone but you--


No. All good. Good.


You're going to get the weasel too, okay. Here's my question: what do we do with all these animals? (laughter)


Yes, actually. You should leave. I don't mean that in the way that it sounded, sorry, back up. So, come tomorrow, there might be danger in Westruun. You and your kin should go. In fact, anyone that you see, take them with you, there's a little encampment not far from here.


I make three more.


Balls. No, not bad, because I'm a rogue. 17.


Matt, in preparation for this ritual, I would like to cast-- can Doty use an item that I cast magic into?


If we poke-- if you have a little tube or something that is straw, a little bamboo straw, put it in there, and go down?


The white flag.


Yeah, that's right. It's not for seeing at all, I don't...


I'll shoot again, with bonus action. Ooh, that's not as good. 13?


Very good, that is a 19.


Yeah, if there's any out, maybe there's not, but the thing I'm going to do leaving is to try to subtly get a good look at size, what I think they are capable of.


It's also blind.


Bonus action dash!


I'm not even going to go there.


Oh my god, this is so exciting!


Ja, I'll take the first shift. I'm good. I'm very jittery tonight.


You're terrible.


(laughs) We've got to get you deceiving more.


We're those terrible-influence side of the family, aren't we?


(clicks tongue) Yeah.


The first thing that I do as we come in is I scan the room, or rooms, for more Macaulay Culkin shenanigans.


Can I use my bonus to dash a little further?


Happens every time it rains.


We definitely need warm things. Actually, I have warm cloaks for the party and half of our party isn't here so we can have them.


(as Jester) Technically can't you remember everything? You just don't understand it?


I just assumed you're not interested, 'cause you've never been.


No, no, I'm going to stick with Witch Bolt. I'm very happy with this.


Twice. But through my Blazing Bowstring.


All right, so I rev up the Boots of Haste and I'm going to run right next to Vex'ahlia, on the very edge of the map. And the fire elemental there's right up against Percy, right?


Yes. Did Doty raise you? Is he like your nanny?


I would have liked if he had signed it.


(laughs) Very good question.


(gasps)


Is anyone real drunk? Look real drunk in the tavern?


I'm going to start singing to get their attention. (sings 'Tro-lo-lo')


Gnome, Common. That's it. (laughter)


I can be mid dook.


Critical Role  It's About Scientology--


We didn't know about this.


No, we're gonna chop it when they start coming across the bridge. We're hoping that they're gonna just fall off the edge instead.


What's dumb?


Someone won tonight! That's so nice.


I actually like what Molly said. I feel like tomorrow night, before we go, you should do your thing on Ulog.


I'm going to be with him by this door.


I'll have to remember to do that some other day.


Wait, can you hear me?


I can cast Cure Wounds on her.


It's a dex 16 save.


Twiggy, fucking kill this dragon or get us out of here! Do something!


That's fine. Okay.


Nah, it's pretty good.


Yeah, he has aged.


It's all right, Grog.


I like it. (cackles)


I'm releasing the dog.


6d6 plus six?


This is metal.


I would lose stealth.


I think we should. We rescued the survivors, we gave them a little moment to grieve.


Oh, Jesus Christ!


There's nothing to be done about that. It's a campsite, correct? I'm going to start wandering until at least I have a sense of the size of it.


It's okay, big fella.


Or three?


Good pep talk.


It's not me, it's them! It's the D&D!


Oh sorry, Caleb, yes. Of course.


Here it is. (laughter and pained yelling)


That's probably going to miss. 14.


It's not weird. Many people have done this in this make-believe world and also in America.


Slow-motion turn around, is it a purple one or a blue one?


Well, thank you, friend.


Of course I know how old I am. I'm just questioning my mom's math, is all.


Okay. I keep going towards the sword.


That is exactly what I did! It's how I met you. It's why I keep you around.


I'm stabbing, I'm stabbing!


All I have is Lesser Restoration. Unless you're fucking with me, I'm going to try Lesser Restoration.


Why would you tell me that? Now I'm very scared!


I just start heading--


Dun-dun-dun-dun lollipop!


11. Is that an eight?


You guys, it's not the same fish claws! It's something bigger that had the box.


Checks.


Yeah. Yeah, he let him have it.


I learned it. I did.


Do they look to be on patrol? Are they walking back and forth?


As soon as you give me the stuff you want identified. And you'll have to trust me that we won't run away with it in the dead of night.


What kind of adventure is this, again? You mentioned you're going to do something very dangerous.


Wait, what? What was that, Shale? Is that true?


I call out to the Stormlord. What do you want me to do?!


K'varn!


You didn't tell me we were going to giant--


Okay, sorry. I call them wraiths. Okay, so. I'm going to cast at--


Why the fuck not? And I walk on through.


Well? He's not saying anything.


Maybe a haircut, maybe a new name, too. What do you think?


I'll only say one word. Butts.


Oh, yeah that's a good question. (louder) Was there anything that you guys could tell of your knowledge-- did anything seem to damage it or work against it?


Boulder, Parchment, Shears.


What did we get?


Oh, I think I'm going to duck behind that little outcropping I have.


Where is he at?


What do I say?


He said that they were supposed to collect this sphere, and if it wasn't available, to go look for others. How many have you swallowed?


I'm going to be okay, I'm going to be okay. I think if we just-- (laughs) I'm excited to see you guys. (laughter)


Is it a terrible idea to let the people decide? 'Cause maybe they would give us more?


Now he's raging, too.


(singing) Perception!


It's been a long day. We've had three sessions.


Fucking shit! Six points of bludgeoning damage.


You said Fireball on this guy? Bigby's Hand takes damage.


That sounds great.


They Dimension Doored out.


Was it with Doty?


Yeah, I feel a little robbed. It's just gray and rainy where I'm from, all the time.


You did plenty.


Do I get advantage all night?


Oh. You're with us again.


That's a fuck ton of d10s?


What does what mean?


They could be, like, hag trolls, which is just terrifying.


Okay, so that's regular and that is a 21 to hit.


We also have research we have to look at that we got from that lair of Raishan's.


Well, we can all have Water Breathing.


Jester, you're starting to smell like Caleb.


Warm milk of the damned.


You're so brilliant, darling.


But there's a radius blast thing.


She's like  okay, I've got to get-- (poof)


I've never seen Grog walk away from a fight. He's not fine. What are you talking about?


I actually don't. I don't know what happened to my d8's. I'll buy some at the convention tomorrow.


No, you killed it, and then we all celebrated, and you had a big orgy.


If I talk to the crew?


What's going on in here? Are there any enemies I can see?


Wait. No.


Have you lost anyone close to you before?


Are you trying to look for all six of them?


She's covered in gore, right?


This is a Liam thing, not a Caleb thing.


That one over there was looking at you, I saw her wink at you earlier.


Fee fie foe, you're fucked.


I'll move around next to Kashaw.


Were there tents?


Do I recognize it as an obvious arcane effect?


Do I get to choose what it is, or do I roll again?


Don't fuck me, Sunny.


Do you want to head over to Kord's temple as well? I have a feeling if we find him, we'll have to go to another plane.


Well, let's keep going that way.


Ulara. Uhura.


Are there any candy stores? There are stores that specifically sell candy?


Oh. My. Fucking. God! (laughter)


Now what?


Well, you'll already be here.


I'm walking back towards the cart.


Scheisse.


He has never played Dungeons and Dragons before.


To keep us honest.


Okay. Would you care to elaborate, Tiberius?


I'm tired now!


He said to come back, so I'm coming back. On the way back, I'm going to see if they're eating or sleeping. What are they doing?


No. No, that's-- actually, you know what? Hey, that's right. I'm going to Resolve that.


I give him a little air poof kick in the face, just for flavor.


Is there poop in it?


I'll cast Disguise Self and be a little halfling girl.


Oh, it's resetting.


Okay. And then the third pact is our soul.


Oh, copy. Cool. I'm going to look like kind of a vague cross between Whitney and Zahra.


Taryon Darrington in a house of flesh?


That's what I thought. I thought my baby saw them. I say, I think we need to get those fellows to turn back and look at those fellows.


My voice is shaking. I'm so nervous.


But some of us are still older, right?


Solid. Copy on that.


Hey, you know, I feel like we were about to make our exit, but it's a little more complicated now, right?


Bitches.


Jagged tower seem familiar?


But two more eagles would get all of us up?


Why did you even--


I saw Scanlan.


Oh! Two!


That's the best broadcast ever.


It's as guarded as it's going to be right now.


I'm whispering!


Thank you, Caleb. Thank you.


Oh, well, welcome back. How was it, being dumb?


I've got one job on this ship. It's stupid, but I'm going to do it! (laughter)


They have 30 gold on them.


Oh yeah, that was last night.


I walk up, I look at her, and I smile. It's all right. See you soon. And going to go right into pulling out the gun and preparing.


It's so hot in here. It's very hot in here.


I can give her a little money. I might need her.


That's even better.


I'm going to see if the fates can help me.


I'm so glad you're all right.


No. It's not concentration.


I am city-blind, apparently.


It's like just the chin strap part. That's really Abe Lincoln of me.


I'm on the top of a thing. I can see very far. Everybody is very attractive up here. I think something nice is about to happen. I'm afraid to ask questions, though; I don't want to seem--


There might be a surprise. If there is, tell us!


Can Keyleth go talk to Percy?


This is very true.


I can read the end of the letter.


You guys, he knows our name.


Smashy smashy.


Son of a bitch!


I can read lips.


In case anyone was out there--


(singing) Nine mighties, mighties nine!


When do you plan to attack?


Remember, the name Lucien doesn't leave this bar. Outside, I never want to hear it uttered.


Yes. He-- I take her hands. One of the bravest men I've ever had the honor of meeting.


Locate Object.


I want to attack them. I'm going to attack the one next to Percy. Attack-style. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him and then I'm going to attack him. I'm going to do this, and then this, and then this.


We don't take the deal.


When that demon frog leapt, how high and how far, approximately, did it look like it went?


Okay, yes. So I'm near the window now, right?


I already moved a little bit, I'm gonna stick right there, yeah.


Solid question.


So is everybody leaving? Should I climb up the rope?


Gold filigree, probably, something just very beautiful.


But her armor!


This is becoming a Monty Python sketch.


I know, it's a lot of sound.


Ooh! He's rolling.


Well, that's what I meant, yeah.


You can whip those beholder eyes at people?


Wait, we're going to the Ashari? What happened with Sarenrae?


You used the word 'somehow'.


I've had thoughts about it, but I didn't really think about what I was doing or what I was going to build until I decided to take my revenge, and I'd never thought about building it because I realized what a dangerous idea it was. (sighs) And I fear for the day that that comes back to haunt me. I don't know what I'll do, but I don't know, I think I was just trying to say something to be intimidating. I honestly didn't even think I was going to kill him, it just happened.


Is one of them in Underdark?


It's my true destiny, yeah.


Thank you, Matt, for saving a marriage.


You walk away.


I have two more. Here we go.


The Restless Wharf. We can turn around and come back to the Open Quay or where the Wharfmaster was and try and get in and out real fast with some crew, or we can head to Port Damali, or we can head out to the open sea, but we do need to pick a destination.


Oh. Would you like to add it to the pile?


Not a dream.


(laughs) It's not really a-- Not great. Six total. (laughter)


The rubies have a purpose, I know it!


I'm going to take the blunt end of the staff and go right for it as it skids by, I'm going to take right in its neck. Ooh, not great. Ten.


(laughs) Hey!


So you roll separate initiatives for you and Scanlan 2?


I think that is acceptable, yes.


Why don't we ask you, then?


I appreciate fine things, and I'm not going to apologize for that.


These are Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom villains.


I mean, not as nice as what they said, if he ever does anything to get me fucking locked up I will beat him so fucking bad his ancestors on the next plane won't fucking recognize him.


Isolation.


They all took damage-- and they're on the ground now.


Everybody's running at the door.


You could say, I would've come here--


No, no, that's an important question.


I'm not having visions right now, so I'm happy to follow another one. This is not where I'm supposed to be.


Go fishing for Grog.


And more presents.


No, don't! No!


The Mighty Nein?


Oh my god, that is so sweet, Vanessa.


I mean, that's 19, my wisdom is negative two.


(whispered) How much do they cost?


Where were you at?


40.


Oh, yes. Did you light it? Is it a lit lantern?


You're good, you're good.


We'll come with you.


We already have copies, yeah.


I'm not going to go. I'll wait.


I thought we were en route when we ended.


Ogden, would you like me to help carry you, or are you all right to walk?


Throw me a Bud Light.


We sleep.


Yes. You can use your clerical mysticism to confuse and disrupt our enemy.


No, I think this is for Marisha.


Maybe not calling out.


Kima is a halfling.


You have a negative two modifier? (laughs)


Negative again.


We've also dealt so much damage to it.


No one knows we're down here, right? The door's closed.


Speaking of tourist looks, how much of a problem would this be in general?


I want to see a cut on his stomach where Yenk left a hole, and I want to go straight into his heart.


There's an amazing photo of a friend of ours dressed as Luke Cage, just beating the shit out of me. It's amazing.


What if instead of leaving it here, we left it at the Raven Queen's sanctuary? Don't you think they would keep it more safe? Because she hates undead, right? This is like her nemesis, right?


You may take-- I believe there are four or five left.


Aw, really, do we give a shit about it?


But it couldn't move for a while.


Who's the queen in this scenario?


Hundreds of screaming children. Screaming, yeah.


Can I reach back and fire Eldritch Blast into it?


Caleb, for all of this for the last hour, has been trying to figure out if she seems okay. So in this moment, does she seem okay?


Get the nerves out. Get the nervousness out.


Nope, that's cool. I'm easy. Now we just need to find the diamonds.


The cups are bigger than they are. Oh, you made drowning pots for us all. How lovely. It's going to be a threat.


We miss you, Laura. Next week.


Get out of my head. (laughter)


The golden snitch is powerful.


Percy, get up the fucking rope.


It's a duergar? I'm just going to take a shot at him really quick.


Someone else?


I like it. I like it.


So cool. So cool. Okay, I just yell back to Doty, Get rid of the grappling hooks! I don't know, I have no idea what I'm doing.


Lots of things.


It's communication with flags. It's a primitive communication technique that I learned in many of my studies, boat-to-boat it's really helpful. I pull out a couple of pieces of fabric and start gesturing--


You're a little iffy? Yeah, I want to Healing Word Percy.


Do I roll again? Can I take the roll I just used?


Oh my god, roll high!


I'm assuming you don't want me to--


Is this going to be an Uncharted kind of adventure?


Is that really bad, though?


Do we have rooms? I thought it was like Amex City on this--


A normal pace.


Brass, okay.


She's next to me, right?


You got a shortbow?


Draconia has fallen.


Does that mean I still get to move and shit when I do my move?


To be fair, traditionally, that's very similar to how pyramids are built.


I like the idea of going back to Emon, but before that, I do believe we should go back to Kraghammer and collect our gold.


Yeah, is there any reason why I should leave you alive? (laughs) I love this question.


I'm going to pull out my blade and--


I can walk.


Which one did we see? Was it just-- I don't--


Wait, are we at a bar or something?


Oh my god, I rolled the same thing twice. Wisdom, five. 18.


And do we have any of these yet?


I wanna keep doing this. Can I concentrate my flooding of water so-- there's now a hole in the side of the ship, under where Tary was, right? I had to think not to say Scanlan.


Oh, please. Come.


Oh. So we have to be super quiet.


Everybody's lying!


I'll swing again. 23.


And unless you want to throw down, and I know you're a mighty warrior, not saying you shouldn't, but if you don't want to, now might be the time to hop-skip out of here.


Okay. Let's hit buttons. Let's do it! Let's get through this room.


I'll give him disadvantage on wisdom.


Good evening. Good day. Good afternoon. We are expected by Miss Mardun.


(exaggerated cockney accent) Enchantment!


Are you dry?


Yeah, I know, we don't have to relive it.


Can I grab the nearest person near me, turn whoever's shoulder that is, and go, who is she?


Can I see that flurry of black feathers streaking downwards of this guy?


Who is K'varn?


Oh I can just, you know. I can persuade him to-- because he's nice and--


How big is the jet?


Yeah, but that was work.


No, there's one two--


I assume you're in their chambers. I'll be right there. Fireball to those guys right there! (explosion sound)


We can also do two trips on the carpet.


We were 100 yards out or something?


The testosterone in his group just went from a half to one.


Maybe they brought her on purpose and they don't want us anymore.


It tipped it right over.


Is it still before sundown?


They're putting headphones on.


He would have told me if he heard-- I can't hear you.


And also a lot of water.


You just lean to live with the stage fright, you never move past it. Should we pause right now?


Please shut up. My sister is very good at-- do you know what math is?


Are you going? I'm gonna try whatever last bit of Control Water I have to try and part and calm the waters where Vax is going, and I say, go Vax, go!


It doesn't get to go as soon as you summon it?


He's purple.


Okay. I'm sure I'll fail it. 15.


Shittier.


I take them.


Ooh. I like it.


It might! It might. And so I sing (singing) To everything, Gern, Gern, Gern. There is a season, Gern, Gern, Gern. I just like to sing your name, Gern Blanston. Did that help?


No, I've noticed that.


We'll also tweet one out or something.


Travis, how did you pick your character?


Oh wonderful! We'll be here for two days, guys?


Boys, I'm so proud of both of you.


A what-sized glass sphere?


No. None taken.


I say we give him his armor, and that thing, and be on our way. This is none of our concern.


Okay, so little piles of shit have got huevos.


I will be with you, and if we can let Uriel know that I am coming under a false pretense.


So many undead blobs. Lot of undead blobs.


(laughs) -- for a later time.


So what happens first?


I'll take an apple and say  Godspeed. I will leave the room.


Now's not the time!


(singing) Lady boner!


Are we in a stone room?


I mean, no, that's a lie. Unless they are attacking you. Don't stab people that are dead-dead.


I'm going to take my staff and try the same thing.


How do you feel about owls?


You can sleep with crystals to have a more vivid experience when you dream.


We're all taken care of, yes.


Somebody asked me what my favorite Smash Brothers character is.


I mean, not for several years for a different reason.


-- on the last time we took a break.


Okay. I'm going to do 9th-level Shapechange and take a cue from Scanlan and turn into a planetar.


Is it a d4? Is it an attack?


Should I roll something?


How close can I get?


Eyes of the Runekeeper.


He does have a twin.


I feel like this is a pool of honesty. I just wanted to see everybody else naked first.


Yes, to me. Any crazy news around here? Or just the normal stuff?


Smart, smart, smart.


Or, I hand it to-- Who's next to me? Uh, you.


To the Feywild!


Well I just wanted to make sure that I got Caleb, but you guys, maybe you should buddy up for future encounters.


There was a question for everybody. You cannot pick yourself. Which is your favorite character?


We also need to be on the lookout for that sword, remember? In the story?


I start grabbing other ones and putting them in the bag.


I may join in on that, because I have a flashlight.


He’s got his normal clothes on.


Well, I have a lot of charcoal now, and you said you have incense on you?


You could have been decapitated, doing that.


Tarry On with Taryon Darrington. The Terrific and Terrifying Tales of Daring Taryon Darrington--


(screams) Nott will, from prone, fire a shot at-- actually, will load a burning bolt-- I have one left-- and fire it at snake creature, the hooded one. Okay. Ooh, yeah, 22.


I'd like to finish my morning crafting before moving into the evening crafting. I'm going to have help. I'm working on project number three.


You had a good initiative.


She's saying that he should wait here until our instructions to attack.


There's a Vestige!


Oh, yes, the Boonzy Arts candles. I meant to grab those. The D&D-related candles that I plugged back when we were doing the Slayer's Take episodes forever ago. They had a Kickstarter. They are out now and you can buy them on their website at BoonzyArts.com. Yes, and we have a set that we were going to be doing in a giveaway as well that she delivered that I'll find during break.


A little busy, yes. But come and visit if you get a chance. Who knows? Twins runs in my family, so you never know.


That was the wrong thing. I can't; I'm going to Hunter's Mark him after this first one because it's a bonus action.


(laughs) No, that's a question for me, darling.


I can only concentrate on one thing at a time. It gets-- Especially this, it's a lot to mentally focus on.


They have the coolest stuff.


Yes! I was up here first!


Are the horses still going to move on Caduceus' turn?


I mean, if you don't want me to get too jittery, yeah.


The humans?


Why can't it be 15 feet below the surface?


I doubt that. What is it, is it plus two?


Is it like a French person?


Oh, okay, sorry. I got excited.


I'm done. Reload, and that's the end of my turn.


I don't know. Should we? Rest? I don't even know what time it is here.


So close.


But rich and Wish Giver-y.


No, don't take it away. I'm going to lick it.


As soon as I see Her Royalty go in--


Sasha Gray.


I rip my shirt down. I want you to burn it away. Now.


From here?


You can trust us. We're one of you.


I'm after my sister. She talked before I did.


Of course. We'll keep promoting you, then.


Ugh, should have done that fucking Feast!


Bolts are just popping off the end of it and onto the floor, just expending shells onto the floor.


Just so you know, what they did against the dragons was incredible. All of the rest of us were like, "Ah! Oh, we're dying! We don't have anything we can do!" And then they were like "Kill! Stab!" And then--


That sounds too low. I'm going to guess $9,000 a month.


And start trying to shove as much as I can in the haversack.


(singing) I'm - I'm! - giving you everything, all that health I bring, yeah-- All right, so that's at level one.


I mean, we can manage that, if you think it's not a dead end.


I'm pretty sure it's there.


Quadruple?


Did you steal the money?


I use Thaumaturgy and I make the sound of like a predator behind them.


They're going to have to camp.


Whoo!


That's mean. What do I add?


I was in the mouth of a bear, and Grog cut the thing from asshole to lips to get me out of there. It was crazy!


Mm. Just hold onto it.


(strained wince)


I get my Sentinel attack, right?


Oh my god. No. Wait. No!


Zac out!


No, I cannot give you two more hours. I can't. I will gouge my eyes out with a fucking pencil if I give you two more hours.


Yes. Actually, Garthok.


That jumped, but that's still fine, okay, it's. Persuasion check? Oh yeah, that's not bad. 24.


What, I'm Leet, man, you're going down, and stuff.


The captives? Okay.


I drag Anders over to the fireplace.


I'm not. I've been that villain, and the best of them point out all of your flaws while they're busy exploiting their own. I am, I will admit, very angry. I don't want to interfere with his happiness, I don't want to interfere with his life, certainly not his daughter, but I will admit I am very angry. Perhaps the only thing that's keeping me from doing anything about that anger is your opinion of it. I don't mean to put this on you, this is not on you, but--


Okay, then I try it again. I didn't hit her again! It's because you're safe now, buddy.


Ah very well. I scooch myself a little bit over behind him.


All right. I'll give you my greater heal.


So, if the eagles were to pick up somebody--


That would be... excellent.


(nervous laughter) What the fuck? Oh my god.


A sign that there could be, for all of us, another chapter.


You can't properly be part of civilization until you've gotten shit-faced and thrown up.


Because it can't see me, I'll go up and-- I don't use shortsword a lot, so I'll let it float for a second and grab it from behind and then rake it across the back of its neck.


Oh. Fine! (punching sound)


So to Nott's point, what do we need? We need fighters, we need magic? What do we need?


Entered into the volcano.


Do you think Scanlan saw?


If it falls on you, we can fish you out. Just survive a little bit.


Grog, Grog, inside.


Three, two, one, go!


Can I perception and see how heavy that bag of gold actually looks? I just want to know.


Oh, Laura Bailey standing in for an orc! (stabbing sound) Ugh, gah! Now be yourself oh!


What does that mean? What did that delayed reaction mean?


Your lady voice is worse than mine.


We figured not, and we're definitely out of place, a bit out of sorts, and definitely out of our depths, but thank you for the rooms. I assume this is your establishment, is it not?


Oh, or was there a guy that came back?


This is really important. I fart. Do the bubbles go up?


Thanks. That's plus ten?


Adele Dazeem, ladies and gentlemen.


19 is the first one. And then I attack again. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him now. Can I do that?


Do you really have a jewel-encrusted-- you do, in your fucking Bag of Holding?


Once again take my staff out and I'm going to gut strike her right in the stomach. The first attack, that's a natural 18.


Sending?


This is amazing. I'm already, I'm in love with this place.


Should we observe this encampment for a bit, just to see what's happening as we slowly make our way around it?


Are you immune or resistant to necrotic as a planetar?


All right. Let me talk to some people and see if I can find some things. Investigation? 18.


We used to play for eight hours.


You're a good doggy! Yes, you are!


Yes, it's true.


Yeah, if you want 5000. Do you have good credit?


(counting) Fury of the Small, 21, plus the Burning Bolt is another three. 24 total?


I remember three meteors last time, not four.


Just say the word.


I'm hearing this cacophony, and I'm slowly getting up with a sigh and moving in the direction of the campsite.


Do I get an inspiration point for that? (laughter)


I'm gonna use my last bit of Luck so that he has to roll again.


Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well.


How are we going to get this giant head to the authorities?


Yeah, yeah, I'm going to shiv him in his shank or shank him in his shiv, whichever is the more accurate phrase.


She's doing math, give her a second.


Oh, Grog, it's really badass. You killed the guy that was holding it. You.


Giant?


Maybe if you had carried a ruler, you could hit my knuckles harder next time.


It's not like it's going to help.


I know, he's going to hit me next turn anyway.


I'm literally holding nothing but my hands.


Yeah, everyone.


With arcane juju.


(quietly) She is there. Grog, there's a big woman of your breed there, and a third. I don't know what. I don't know if it's a he or a she. I don't know who it is.


You didn't know!


(fake crying) Okay, we'd better start the game!


Is this charm?


Oh, sure, yeah.


Just walks in.


Caleb, I swear to fucking gods.


17, because I didn't do it through the hand cone.


Is that including me?


How do you handle Percy crafting things?


Want some more booze?


Good adding.


There is a giant, earthen cat's claw holding it on the corner.


How are you here?


We're not still under the influence of any sort of thing?


Bringing it to a total of 22?


Get up and say something.


I'll go with.


I think all of us should go.


We're taking this one to hell then?


Yes, one of us will live!


She's upstairs.


Hey-oh, 12 damage!


You can caffeinate half of Burbank right there.


I do dabble.


I thought it was pride.


Oh, they're very comfortable and they keep everything else clean.


Thank you for asking.


(deep voice) Show me--


What is east?


We're going to take a day or two. We're going to figure out how to get who we have to where we need. We're not doing this tomorrow. In a couple of days. Three days. Four days at the most. It's not ideal, but it's what we have to do.


Is there anything else?


Yeah, since this is taking a bit, it's not a short rest is it, if I'm chilling?


I'm going to do a-- Where'd it go? These are cantrips. Healing Word on Beau.


He was willing to do it until you gave him the idea to not do it.


I'll let everyone know where I am, too. I'm in the library reading if anybody needs me.


Come on, Tal, you're with me.


We can sabotage Tiffany's ship. I don't know what that would do because we need it to get off the island. We could frame Tiffany for some crime against another pirate! We have a signature from Tiffany in a letter that she wrote. We have-- that is all that we have.


Well, he said it would take a year, and you'd need to have Allura work on that.


On him, or everything?


Yeah, what were you trying to do?


All right. Out of practice here. I'm going to do a shot. Crack my knuckles.


Lighten up a bit.


But wasn't Pike and her grandfather the reason?


Yeah, really fun Dom Lux game. Really like it a lot.


Oh dear. I pull up-- I tip the barman because I'm showing him that I'm pulling something out for some glassware.


Grog has to talk to them.


Ooh, that's a problem. Okay. They're like xenomorphs. I'll take the second strike, as well. Great Weapon Master, not reckless.


No it's not.


Damp?


I get to spend the night with that guy.


That was a power move right there.


Kill some rats.


All you've got to do is scroll down on the channel or join the chat room, or you'll see every once in a while the ads show up on the front page.


Sounds a lot like dying.


It only has one more tentacle left that is available.


You got your gear, Johnson?


Can we tell what they are?


This could be it, huh?


He speaks fear.


Oh, shit. And he's got to roll for his concentration.


I don't think you're going to let this city fall, anyway. If this city dies, you've nothing.


Then you'll have two balls.


God damn.


What is the matter with you?


Did we skip your turn the last time?


Every time you try to pick me up, I say no.


It's on the way back, anyway.


Oh, there's something in the water, a boat.


Oh. Hey!


I guess we should also say thank you, Hardwick--


Um, hey.


We'll see it, and we're looking for a way to add it.


Upon seeing Percy go absolutely insane and screaming "your soul is now forfeit," out of shock, my Anti-Life Shell dissipates, and I spend my action staring at him.


Not yet, Chod. Wait until we get somewhere where I can work on it.


Okay, so I'm hasted, I will use, I pick up the Ring of the Ram, and I'll ram the fish-man.


He's still really shitty, though.


We need our cart to be driven--


(whispering) That's so loud!


Yes. We have a deal. Let's shake on it.


So I rolled a ten. Two more of these, seven. 31, 11, 42.


Mine, too.


All right, let's see what I've got. Okay... I feel like you're going to be a problem. I'm going to cast Blindness. On this beautiful, beautiful singer.


Where am I on my walk up? Can I hear this going on?


Has Orthax fully left the building?


I didn't, either!


That's where Riskel was going to go.


I'm going to try and-- Oh, god.


And you should shoot things.


Okay. So I'm like-- (screams) Oh, that was cool. Okay. (pff) And I use my Chain Lightning. You have to do a save on that. That just automatically hits.


A second thing I want to look for is what other exits from this gigantic cavern. Ways through, up. Yeah, you looked, but I didn't look.


Should leave a guard with the--


What's that game look like?


Wait, which one were you pointing at?


Oh, CR.


13 on the higher one. That's a 20.


Everything before two years ago is nothing to you. Black.


That's amazing! They got me! Well, that's fine. Well, I had prepared something, should I do it anyway? All right, I need a little slow snap from everybody, because this is a beat poem. Here it is: Hey daddy-o, you get hip to some knowledge, it's up from the school of hard knocks, not some stuck up college, I know the Man's gonna try to shut me down, lock me up, send me off to Vietnam, but I've got to speak the truth, little hepcats and kittens, because that's who I am. See right here is a box of things that corporate America wants you to buy, wants you to toe the party line! Cut your hair, shave your goatee, and subscribe! But me and the Ginchee guys down at Vitamin Village say no, you dig? No to the fat cats, the stick suits, and the company pigs! We're dragging our cigs and take a swig of moonshine. Dump this crate on the floor and look at this so-called-- actually, it's really cool stuff; it's some really awesome stuff-- Doctor Strange! That cat is swell! Fantastic Beasts looks crazy as hell! The box can fold out too, and that's jazzy! Ignore what I said before, I was just spazzing! So yeah! Loot Crate, steal my soul, give me a discount, using CriticalRole! (cheering)


(laughing) Epcot Center.


You're going to leave an impression in the tree.


Then yes, we do share similar goals. I don't know if you can hear me very well. Your voice is barely there.


We bumblefucked our way into it, got super super lucky--


What happened, like a chestburster, like came out of him?


No! I had a lot of seagulls yesterday for dinner, I'm very full still.


I am ready with stabilization magic for everybody. Everybody's going to be fine!


I know you have people that work for you--


Gently, with a push, maybe?


Can I Cleansing Touch and end one spell?


Fjord, come here. Scooch down for a second, and I jump up onto-- I've taken my vision back-- I jump up onto his back. Now, stand up!


Damn, Scanlan got bars, y'all.


I'm learning.


Okay. I mean, sure.


Wait, she rolled a one?


