Do you want me to just split up all the party gold right now?


Okay, and then I pick up Nott!


I haven't signed it.


Yes, you do. You can buy my vote.


Yes. We miss you!


(weakly) It's what I would assume it was, but I might be aiding it in getting away.


Yeah, that was just one.


Right. Yeah.


I'm going to aim right by there. But not quite at it. I want to make an opening around it.


Hang on, one, two, three-- Oh god, hang on. You know what, I'll come back to that. A strength saving throw.


I mean that's all I can do. That's my action, my bonus, and my movement.


We're going to live!


First roll in the new studio, it's a one!


So we can take three trips on the carpet, or something?


I gave him a bracelet. He knows where we are.


We send one of us up as Odell to tell Viscon there's a problem down there and that we need everybody to help because we found something.


Fucking right I will. That is an 11. (chanting) Level two!


What's going on up there?!


I can't seem to find a way out of here.


Yeah, I imagine that the ends are going to be where you need the most strength, right?


But that would probably be really hard to just get right into that spot.


No, we know! I'm saying you're a piece of shit!


As Grog.


Wait! Can we rest a little before we go fight this thing so we can get spell slots back and heal?


Yes. In those skulls or anywhere around there.


Yeah, but maybe I should do it at a--


Oh, it's on!


Oh! Is it not just floating amniotic, like water, in this esophagi?


So I can Commune With Nature.


What was it? Can we loot him? (all laugh)


That was with advantage?


Can I realize that this was-- Would I be able to tell from my medicine history that this is bird people?


What's the speed and roughness of the ten-foot?


Thank you. Oh, yes. That's excellent. It's a 19. (laughter)


How are you doing?


Oh, then I'm going to cast Protection from Poison on myself. Wow, as my action. Well, what are you going to do? That cancels out the poison.


What about all the stuff in that pile of shit?


Okay. That's terrible.


-- and fell down. I wasn't way above.


I'm wanting to see if I see any dragons. Do I see any dragons?


What's right? The left?


Oh god. Okay, I'm afraid of everything-- I'm afraid if I throw up a Wall of Stone or anything like that, he'll be able to be like, oh, I'm a fucking dragon, so I'll go to the other side of the wall. Here's what I'm going to do: I'm going to start running towards the keep. Start running towards the keep. I'm going to go ahead and cast Conjure Woodland Beings. And I'm going to summon a giant eagle.


How high is it?


She's going to be telling the story of our very first winter festival, which is-- should we tell them is also mixed with other events in Critical Role history?


Dutch.


You know, we thought it would be a joke in the beginning, it kind of stuck. It doesn't make any sense. I'm going to go sit on the table that got knocked all over the place during that fight and sit and just stare at the three unconscious and feel very tired.


We're closing it!


Reverse that order please. Also, I would like the curly fries.


Let's do it. How do we do that? (laughing)


I grab my earring. Let's do it. And I start moving forward.


Disappointed!


We would miss this sense of wonder that we get to share with the community. It's really nice.


And then there was a third one.


Wait, is this just a strength check?


Aren't you going to try to talk to it?


I don't know what you just did, but I am so into it.


Yeah, do you want it for tonight?


It's not for everyone, yeah. Cook is right there, literally. Sorry.


Would anyone believe that?


I put my hand through the cage bar. Do I see anything?


Wait, so the candles and skulls were there, or they weren't there?


Brush cleaning out the fingernails.


One now.


You've got the keg, right? Thank god, there's another checks and balances to that crazy.


I've got all the little bits. I'm going to definitely-- I've learned my lesson.


Which book?


I'm booking ass.


Oh no, it's not never-ending. It stopped after a bit. But I got plenty fucking wasted.


Very rude. All right.


By the way, we've been in dragons' lairs before, and the lairs themselves do things, right?


Yeah, he's down.


(mocking Gern's accent) Farty-far pints o' cald damage!


(sighs) I like that things are better between you and I now.


I'm okay squishing it with the hammer.


Wait, you were shooting shit out of your hands?


I have theories on who's been using this space. Is there anything that would clue me in to who's been using this space?


You're a seven-foot Bob Ross, I love it.


So you guys made it out.


Look at that opening, it's so cool looking!


I'm Professor X.


Ah, oh, no you misunderstood. See that was just, I have this spasm that has this twitch. It was an injury from, like, a childhood thing.


Yeah. I want to rock back and forth in a corner.


Is it a human size skeleton?


I sleep in my little nook in my laboratory.


Kind of like when I dove into the river.


Give her advantage. Oh my god.


Okay. Then let's give it to her.


Is there a way to prevent it from getting back to its lair?


How much of her brains were left in the rocks?


Exactly. So that would be bad.


21. 22. 19.


I see the magic tricks and go (loud gasp) and run over, without saying anything.


Once again, we should leave no trace that we were there.


I mean, are we going to do full body paint for this?


Okay. And then what happens?


Do you recognize us from the other night? Last night?


All right. Just strategizing, chum.


Back in the carts.


DC's 15, I wrote it down. DC 15.


No. There's nothing-- I'm well aware that it's terrible. I don't know why you're staring at me like that. Yes, I think about it a lot. I'm--


(groans) I will, bonus action, go right back to where I was.


I take off my belt, and I hold it up like a rally car racer girl. (silence)


Oh god, we've got to get out. That's a retreat.


Holding a crossbow bolt until I see her or an enemy.


You're up from nine points.


Oh, into the room? But I don't want to be in there.


Frumpkin doesn't see?


Oh, I saw Breaded Men, I was very excited.


Oh no. That's a negative three.


All right, starting with Bad News with a sharpshooter.


That's actually really smart. Wow, that's really smart, Grog!


Do you have kids?


#ThanksKeyleth


I. Hate. Timed. Challenges.


Spend a ki point. How many points of damage?


(laughs) Yes. I'm okay. And Grog did a little bit as well.


In addition to that, I am changed, and promises mean more to me, even more than they did before. And I promise to follow through. In the interest of time for the game, DM, Vax tells the whole story of the Underdark, of the horn, of how close it was.


Yeah. Does the Tempest go on road trips?


Abercrombie and Fitch top. (laughter)


And as I'm moving forward, I'm pulling out a pinch of iron powder. And I let go of it, and pull my fingers apart, and Beau again becomes Swoleregard.


Does this mean the door flies open?


Let's put one foot in front of the other first, shall we?


Nice. I'm just going to put this in my pocket.


Hot. I might have to de-armor.


Yes, we did.


Fuck the sharpshooter shot. I'm just going for it. No sharpshooter. Thank god! That's 20?


Someone short.


Why do I always get busted?


I can, I'm close by, I'm close by, I can handle it.


We can quietly attack him from all sides. Have a fight that won't draw the attention of the guards.


I can roll that one again.


Oh, that's right, we still have work to do.


For the moment, I'm going to stay where I am. Well actually, I'm too close to get a decent shot, aren't I?


I'm just saying put it on the list.


It wouldn't probably hurt it, but it would at least maybe shock it. Give it a-- stun it? To just blow something up underwater?


No, no, it's bottom of the round. I'm the last guy and then you. Oh shit, do I keep them here, or do I go to work?


A dragon. (sighs) I wonder if it was white.


No, he pulled the one card and it disappeared in his hand. Right? And then he walked off. But the point is: he's got two more wishes!


Well, he's a big guy.


Oh, we're too far away to see what it's made out of?


Oh, you can't control them? I thought you could.


Halved, because I have resistance from the enlargement now.


What about your tattoos, though?


Just wait a second. I walk over to my sister. I'm going downstairs. If I'm not back here in five minutes, I want you to come down, do you understand? And I say that because I need you, you are stronger than me and I will need you. Tend to the wounded, five minutes. I follow Grog.


Here's a pencil.


Who is Sondur? That's actually, I should've thought about that, that's a good one.


I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding, it was just a joke.


I was gonna say Lord of the Rings. Maybe Rivendell.


You look awesome, Pike.


She's a fucking Jedi!


There's five.


Good oar work!


Sad you're not here?


I'm shooting him again. (laughter)


We can look for an honest person.


I wasn't aware that you knew what that word meant.


Stealth team is not me, right? It's you two.


Rinaldo!


Should we be stealthing?


That's 24 to hit.


Oh, what, did I miss something?


Would have gotten two hits in.


I can do this a million times?


I mean, we've killed a dragon.


I had some. (laughter)


Insight? Oh, that's much better. That is an elf.


We're going for the shackles.


Okay, I'm going to do Stunning Strike.


I don't know how long we're staying here, but you can have my old room. You got a room.


I've got a diamond.


Yeah, just what happens.


Like I wasn't dead.


How much you care to drink is on you.


Bronze, silver, and gold then, I guess.


Now roll a one and get us out of here.


-- hame--


You knew going in here it was heavily looted and raided. We brought you several pieces--


Could you describe your friend, Vabron?


There's nothing in here!


(laughs) Don't say that.


I put that in the bag. Are we tossing this at him? What are we doing?


You're right under the kraken!


It was almost my turn. Can I throw daggers at him?


I don't know if he would hold sway, but if he doesn't pursue justice, for someone of the Tri-Spire, that should tell us enough. The Baumbauchs are very influential and powerful.


Laser pointer, Keyleth.


(Singing) Too many maps! Too many maps!


She's well aware that we're here. Did I go before her? Is there initiative here? Did I go before her turn?


He doesn't know!


I am going to attack--


Roll a d20 to start.


I can kill Taryon.


I'm rubbing off on you.


One more.


Is it in melee with good old Fjord?


We're trying to gather allies right?


I'll Roshambo you for it.


That's the name of this next chapter of our journey, you guys.


I threw mine at a troll.


We'll be back. Go follow. And then we'll pull winners.


All right. Well, thank you, Keeper.


Yeah, let's do this!


I don't know. I guess so.


We got really bored and we left.


Just a thought to check the board; also get our stuff from the Leaky Tap.


She turned into a mouse and then came back and was helped back out by your bird-cat! That's awesome!


I'm going to kick through the barrel while he's doing that. Did I find a gold?


I don't think it's a bad idea.


We might.


How is it? What's happened?


What is it a mess you've made?


If Trinket survives for 12 months.


I dip my thumb into some wine and I use thieves' cant and write "discuss" in wine on the bar.


I mean, I always knew that was a possibility, in the trade I deal in.


(laughs) No, I don't. I will give you the head of Kevdak.


I cast a Flaming Sphere.


-- when you guys aren't even giving me all the information.


That means literally nothing to me.


I keep my hands aflame and kind of rub myself.


Knickknacks is probably the components.


Is that Blinky? I think that was Blinky.


No, we have manacles.


Why don't you--?


Yes. We're trying to get in and out of port as fast as we can looking to acquire a few crew members. Would you do me a favor though? I'll produce the five gold and say: Would you mind telling any inquiring minds that we've been here for awhile and that we're coming from--


That thing you just said that no one heard because we were all shouting and arguing? Rally the townsfolk?


See if I can make it to the other door.


He's gargantuan, though.


Just the silverware's missing?


Marshmallow in the center.


You said you hadn't seen this-- hi. You said you hadn't seen this person in a week? Was that unusual?


Me and Pike are like--


We should go to sleep.


And they kind of made me hard! (cheering)


If the angle is nice and clean.


Perhaps wait until you receive word from him.


Pick me.


Generally, are you asking me?


All right, there's two guards casing the dock and two of Avantika's-- Tiffany's people on the ship. It looks pretty open, we might want to find an alternative for you guys to not be noticed as you do the crazy magic thing.


No no no. I mean one at a time.


Yeah, just a little-- it's great.


Fuck you, you kiss your bear on the mouth!


I'm confused. Is she actually that young, or is that part of the game?


Yeah, Pimps-a-lot, you wanna?


I'm gonna set up on our side of the bridge, I'm gonna set up the Bad News gun and get ready to train it on whatever might try and come across.


Is there any hole in the ceiling or anything? Is there a roof?


We are blown.


Yeah. Just gross.


I will go with you, and I will hang back, and I will be there to stab out the eyes of anyone who wants to hurt you, but you are the talker, man. You've always been the talker.


Here, I'm gonna-- I'll walk over, in tiger form, and I just grab one by the scruff and start dragging it.


I rolled twice for that.


Insight check on the--


Maybe it's a magic disease.


Looking out every now and then.


Shut up, Brian Wayne Foster!


How goes the training of the company of shot?


I guess you're worth it. Oh, you got real lucky Tary. I got a four and a three, which adds to be seven. Plus...


I mean, I can throw a Fireball and keep it going, yeah.


I'm up to full, yeah.


Oh, well. They made me an official member now, so.


I shout to--


You-- Oh, go ahead.


You killed it real good!


Oh, that's sneak attack, right? Because I'm hidden.


This is real fucked up.


It says he has a secret with him. Right? Like a secret? A prize?


It's ready, it's roped.


No! You have your own diamond pocket and then when I save you, it'll be like--


Well, that's not good.


Oh. Wait.


Or me.


He would have to work very hard to make it happen.


Get them unconscious so they come out. But then if they're unconscious, the ghosts come out and they could possess us.


All right. Fuck. Look, if there's a lot of them, and only a handful of us, it's not usually customary to have two sides go at each other. If we want those Knuckles, I'm pretty sure it might have to be one on one. Now, I know I can totally take my uncle. But I wouldn't mind if we found a few extra-credit items before we did that just in case I have the flu that morning, or it burns when I pee. Just something to take the edge off.


Can I jump down and walk over to the little bird creature?


Yeah, what time is it?


What? Try to grab him! Try to grab him!


Wait, who does it say it was written by?


Just run away. What could happen?


He will have no chance of survival. Okay.


Yeah. No! I want to scare them away, and...


I think I did.


You should re-cast that.


I have no dexterity--


Nothing that exists, really.


I thought you had a crush on her?


(singing) Your wicked lies.


(whispers) All right, everybody, get ready to play.


Oh no, you can fly over.


I lean over to Vex and I go, how do I look?


I take off running out of the house.


My dexterity?


Oh, and also takes damage.


Trammel round, right? Do I need to roll to maintain my grapple?


Matthew, I took some fine meats before I left and I'm feeding them to Lockheed along the way.


Yes? Yes?


Oh, that is good news.


You say that out loud?


I mean, he's got a lot of stuff in there.


Oh, I thought they were coming from the other direction.


Should we follow them outside and kill them?


Take the stairs, though.


You meant the Zemnian "nein." Not the number.


But you're a badass rogue!


I shake off the random numb arm, and I toss it over to the other hand like, "C'mon, Betsy!" And I throw it with that hand. (all laugh)


Do we have basically zero visibility?


Note, note, note.


Okay, I'm going to do something weird, and I hope it works and doesn't fuck the rest of us. I'll move up right here next to Fjord. 40. That works good there.


But not this one.


Eight!


And inspiration!


I think they would, actually. They already have.


Like Bugs Bunny.


Greater overall motivations?


I scootch a few more inches and use my last two 3rd-level spells.


Oh, Whaska! Is it okay if I ask one last question?


You know, if you teach respect early on towards alcohol, though.


Did you kill the thing?


You didn't even see it!


No, it's not an eight. A d8. You gotta roll it.


That hits. Well, I don't know if it hits. Nine plus my strength for this sword, right, not dexterity?


That's true. With her stick.


Come on, Perce!


What if they still see the arrow fly in?


You're so creepy. I'm going to pull the bed out from the door. Are you ready to get up?


Can you ask for some ale?


Be pleased.


That'll hit. Adds five to my AC, currently?


How many of you are down here right now?


Okay, roughly how far away is he from me now? The rakshasa?


Can I try it? Will it expend another spell?


There must be people further in.


Maybe we can even find a clue about where this crest thing is from the meeting.


It wasn't a one. Persuasion, 19.


It's okay. Just keep me alive, Cashew.


She'll grab him by the cheeks and squish the cheeks and say, "Grog, don't go touching things you don't know what they are!" Cast Greater Restoration.


A week, that's it?


Huge, bulbous.


"It was super tight!"


I mean, yeah, I guess I will try to not get hit by the cluster of snakes.


Add ten to your roll your plus stealth.


Okay, I am going to-- do I try and make a distraction or run?


No, not very often. I was trying to remember. I'm not feeling good about that one. Here we are. That's a 25 to hit.


Oh fuck! I mean, oh fuck!


These magical items. And I pull out the knickknacks that I took from I don't fucking know where. It's knickknacks. But they're magic.


Well, it was 39, so now it's 60, 78. For the first one. Ten for the second.


It was a year, yeah.


Yeah, that was great.


No, it's a crusty from the morning. You might just-- yeah.


We can walk.


Let's go. Mr. Mistoffelees!


That's a six. She's lying.


I'll do a history check.


(chuckles) Hi.


And we protect things with tails.


Hey, Beau.


Everyone play Dungeons & Dragons.


I can try, yeah.


d12s? 12, 12 away.


All right. Here I go. (laughter)


I'm clearly Lawful Good. Clearly.


Nice, 15 for me.


As far as I can get.


Oh wait!


Vouk's.


Just a moment. Pike, you seem very distant. It's very strange, are you all right?


That's right. More than betrothed.


Don't send your gum.


I change my mind about that every day. I think about what to do once he kills me off.


Jodie got announced. I think Max got announced for one. I haven't gone through the whole list, but we're going to start talking about the Eisners and it's probably-- we're going to break it up but I think we're probably going to have three talks about the Eisners. There's a lot to talk about. It'll be great.


What's up?


That's true. Mine healed better.


Are there any immediate threats in there, Fjord?


What makes you think they're not going to start conscripting people tomorrow?


Grog, how could you?! My brother!


That's the damage. 11.


Not great. Hang on, my ring of protection is in the way. Nine.


No, just one tonight. The rest of y'all have to stay old.


I walk away from the building, cast Disguise Self on myself and make myself look exactly like Fjord.


I'm right in front of you.


Yeah, 20.


Here's the question  do you think these things are going to come out of here right away, or is it worth a shot? Maybe there is a way around, to a way they're not expecting?


Downstairs?


Okay let's do it anyway.


16 to hit again.


I feel so naked.


It's a long time. You lose track--


We don't want them to look at it too closely.


Let's back up a bit of a distance.


Are you borrowing 300 of your gold from the money you loaned to Vex?


9 for the second attack.


A bakery and a porn shop? If they find a fight club, you guys are going to be orgasming! (laughter)


Well, I think if we spend enough time together, maybe, I don't know, can we see what else life has for us together?


You saw her first. I'm a man of honor.


The dragon's name is Hope.


Did we surprise her?


Can I take the greater healing potion and chuck it to Percy?


Oh, Grog. I love standing next to you in battle and hate standing next to you at the urinal. (laughter)


Oh. Nasty things, these otyughs.


There's a little Trinket and there's Minxie. And there's a Pepperbox shooting bullets


But the first deed is so... there's so much, and I don't think any of them see it. I want it to die before anybody sees it. Can you help?


Yes. He hangs out at the docks at midnight, and does Marius know Sabian and Cadmus?


(shouting) No time to thank me.


Travis will never see that card.


12. For the shark.


The fuck you will.


Do you need more light? You all right?


Wait, what are the other elements? Fire, air?


It was cloak and stuff.


I can feel Travis's Dad disappointment, like radiating--


It was a while before I told you guys I was a princess.


We're going into the cavern.


Is that a Winston shirt?!


She never said a whole lot.


Or you drop it because he's prone and Molly will get super advantage on hitting him.


Well, I have an Intelligence of six. Watch this.


I rolled a 29 of stealth as soon as the first arrow flew.


Well, sneak back here!


Yeah, we just lost half the audience.


Also, if we're going to get him back, we going to have to have an agreement about the fact that, while there's going to be a certain amount of advertising necessary for this kind of venture, there are many of us-- and I think it's fair to say-- that want to keep things quiet. As quiet as possible.


Yeah, I don't grow thick. It's pretty sparse, actually.


It's a good ability if you're only fighting one person.


I think it's like 500 feet.


Oh, it's my turn. Where's Percy?


It's got several charges. It's got more in it.


Three plus the two, so that's five.


(inaudible chanting)


Sleep. And return minutes later.


We believe in you, Grog!


The only Jean-Claude Van Damme film I've seen.


No, nothing serious at all, really. I was too curious. She was maybe a little thirsty. You know, petty stuff.


Because I'm not sure destroying it in here is the best idea, and I'm not sure if destroying it is going to damage him.


Insight check for me as well.


And tell the staff in the kitchen obviously, you can make whatever you want. I'm just hoping maybe you don't make it too tasty tonight. Nothing too extravagant. You know, nice, but average. Right?


Yeah. You're his best friend.


For what?


I haven't seen them in so long.


Got that motherfucker.


I don't know what to roll. It's 1d6 or something. What do I-- I got to look.


She can't see you there.


Rad!


He's buried in the wood. The Bramblewood. Right? No, that's not right. That's the old campaign.


Hell yeah! Drunk as shit! Now's the time!


I started drowning.


I think it's like his focus, you know?


(Grog voice) I want to rage!


Damn it! I'm sorry, Grog.


Oh, it's far superior. Already, you're proving to be an asset.


Maybe we can talk to him? He seemed like a genie.


I already added that, we’re at 20,000.


Am I burning at all, as I just came up next to flamey here?


She might know about Fenthras and the bow.


Maybe just make it come out of your iPad.


Invulnerable Vagrant.


I stay with them as far as I can.


He deserves it!


Yeah, let's be real about it. "No tricks in this room!"


I'm going to assume that before we heard her gasping, Keyleth was filling us in.


You do. Okay. It was wonderful to spend time with you. I'm gonna just-- I'm gonna go back over here.


The worst of like five worlds.


Wait. What?


Yeah, but we'll be on a thing, so maybe we won't be very conspicuous.


Eight, 13--


Find us a fucking bar.


Tell me one.


I rolled a five. I found a boob.


I knew it was coming, it just--


I'm sorry, we're a bit light on coin. Is there perhaps anything we could help you with around here in trade?


No, he critted.


No, Counterspell, and I Silenced you, this is Dispel Magic, which ends your spell.


I'm just going to keep this with the party gold.


Oh right, the Frost-weald.


And she said that tieflings were terrible.


I can, as Sentinel.


You can stick with me.


No! Oh, wow!


I feel like I was with Vex, maybe on the other side. Yeah.


Pissing and kissing.


Perfect timing.


Stop. Stop smiling at that.


Artagan is a good start. We need...


I'm going to load one at a time. I'm going to mis-load; I'm going to let the powder roll so it creates a flashpan. It's going to be a big, ugly, loud mess. It's not going to fire a shot. It's just going to be a big, ugly mess.


You now look like one of your own bullets. (laughter)


Serpent's head has been cut off, but there is much to do.


You are good at destroying structures.


And I walk up so I am within melee-- Actually, I'll go opposite... yeah, on the other side of Tary from Doty.


Okay. I'm going to walk around to the back end of the anvil and act like I'm praying, but I'm going to wait until it looks like they're all looking the other direction.


All right. Is there anything I can do?


From what I've heard, you know, it's all about girth, so.


No. But do you know what worries me more is the feelings I'm getting from everyone in the crew. They're a little despondent. All of them.


Wait, but when Hercules defeated him, he just cut off so many that they started attacking themselves and they got tangled up.


That's a bummer.


Wait a minute. What is this Injustice 2 you speak of?


Huh, what?! Right now?! But the Cowboys!


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's them.


Yes! Thank you, Taliesin!


We didn't set him free, you don't think?


It's the worst!


And I need that man's dick to finish the arm.


Action surge.


You can mispronounce his name. It's fine.


Ah yes, thank you. It's so porous.


Oh, then I’ll do a level 2 Healing Word.


Between what and what?


I don't know how many undead we're going to face--


Oh no. Natural one.


It's done without any contact. He never touches him.


No. You're sure about all of this?


I have done that.


Doty. He's right behind me, as he always is.


I ask whoever hasn't signed this, we're going to pass it around to all sign it for Amy.


Also, you know who we haven't checked up on? Bryce's sister. Right? Her sister?


It's hard to pick.


Hey, does the Slayer's Take have potions we can just have? Don't they have like a supply room?


You heard it that time! Holy shit! I feel like Kevin Costner in Field of Dreams and you're James Earl Jones! I've got a friend in this now! (laughing)


And they're positioned right before the messes of each side.


Too much listening to-- oh, sorry.


Yes, I'm sure that's true. And I assume I'm somehow complicit in this.


I want to use a stick, and oh! Here, Scanlan, you were going to knock.


I start shoving it all back in.


Well then, we shouldn't do that, we should go as fast as we can right now.


Okay, so 19.


The one that came before.


I don't want to leave, but there are some things that I will not test. Hey. I do have faith in her. And I have faith in you and what you'll do. (sighs) God, I feel so stupid.


Okay, everybody. Close your eyes. Okay? Tiberius, will you make the little forks dance for me with Mage Hand?


The dad hats are awesome!


No, I haven't, I'm--


Yeah, I want to do that.


Thank you for the translation.


What are our options here? First of all, do we know Gilmore's status?


It's a real place.


Well, but you rolled a 28, so it would be super hard for anyone at the table to have seen it.


You don't get that because it's strength.


(fumbling) Can I do something right before that?


Only if you want to double the amount of time it takes me to work on it.


Oh I rolled really low on this one. Four!


Why can't anybody be nice?


Everywhere we go. It's everywhere we go. Why can't people be normal?


We're going to see what it's like at night so if we have to come back tomorrow night, we'll know what to expect. Are there more guards at night? We don't know, they could have six more dudes who come up there at night.


Well like the-- no, no, no. From like--


Do you need to be drunk?


He's holding a cat.


Everyone ready?


Explain what we're doing.


Is that a sign that maybe we should really leave?


That was my advantage. The first one was a one. (all laugh)


We could break through. We could break the wall.


Yes, I am. Oh! I actually did it! Okay, it's fine, don't worry! False alarm, everything's fine!


Well, I don't feel quite as energetic, knowing that where you both are from is under siege.


Well, we've landed.


Thanks! I didn't know how I was going to get down.


That would have been cool, though.


We got the surprise round, so it's fine. This is the surprise round.


I'm going to go up further.


(sobbing) I'm tired of this.


Probably should have done Patient Defense, but I'm done.


Hey, chaotic evil necromancer gnome.


I will try. I will examine the broom and make some sort of check on it.


Jewels, gems, golds and kittens. And that's what the air machines run on.


We're going to need to wash some dishes, aren't we?


Dedicating.


We're okay, we're okay.


It'd be good to have a list of things to ignore, I agree.


No, Orthax.


(Grog voice) I think that's a no.


If you could ask about large purchases, that would be a good idea.


It'd be a little tricky for me. I look like what I'm going to look like. But the rest of you could do a little work.


He doesn't look like Sir Cadigan, does he?


Ah, that's me! Okay. I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon as a bonus action.


Preschoolers run amok in my gentle abode.


Of course I've played Boulder, Paper, Shears.


Oh, we can get out of the way and let him maybe run into the undead that are--


She probably is. (all laugh)


(whispering) There's probably diplomats there tonight.


Just go do it! Just do it!


It's the family that controls the Iron Shepherds.


Are they clever enough to attack the dragon at the point at which the drop is made, or are they going to not make the drop and wait for the dragon to attack the city?


Maybe we just talk to the Myriad, talk to Korshad and see what we can do. Maybe he needs something, and we can provide it.


(chanting) Keg!


High school biology.


We've got to get to that sewer, you guys!


It's fine, it's fine, guess what, we are alive.


Don't worry, I can cure them, too.


I can't stare at his pecs for the next three days, so I'll give him my armor.


Hufflepuff.


So we stay far away this time.


Whispers about Grog?


That's better! 20-- 31.


Now it's even better with D&D Beyond, with high speed internet, WiFi or a smartphone you can access your stats and more on your iPad or laptop.


Well, I mean, they fly.


I got holy oil. Not water.


Did you kill one or two?


Break into a million pieces.


I figure we would take one full night's sleep -


Good the first time. Good the second time. And seven plus my constitution, correct?


I've seen this before, haven't I? I think I was with you when you got the guy rich. Wasn't I?


Okay, is my hand still stuck in its mouth? (all laugh)


What are you doing, Percy? You making more mousetraps? Guess not.


Just your hands and head are sticking over.


We're not going to muscle our way down.


Can you unleash some holy fire on any fucks?


25 damage.


Do they appear to be buzzing more?


Check for traps!


Of you and Percy. Percy's going with you as well, aren't you? Are you? Or are you coming with us?


Once I'm up, I'm going to scatter.


Man, I'm so cool right now. I'm concentrating so hard!


(panicky drug trip groan)


Before I run off, I go  Does anyone know if this is a time trial, or something? Then I run off towards it.


Well, by all means, let's stop by there and then let's see if there's a fancy place for us to--


Better than what it was.


I was never blind.


They are so fucking badass.


What was your spell doing?


Is the Elder Brain directly below it?


That's a lovely story.


I mean like (roars)?


Judging by your physique though you must be quite excellent on the water.


How many points did you take? That's it? Just 15 points? That's it?


What can I do while grappled, nothing until I'm ungrappled?


She had ceremonial armor--


And I'm trying not to be.


And I also pull out my climbing equipment and my 200 feet of rope out of the Bag of Holding.


Not really. It's okay.


But I was just a bystander! I was walking down here and I saw these two ruffians and I was going to go get help.


Yes. It's disgusting, so no.


I'm just wearing sexy bear clothes now.


I'll just leave it at that. It slipped out of my hands, but I'm going to keep it. 15 plus what, eight? Plus nine?


And gotten away with it for the last two or three years. I don't think he cares much anymore.


Yeah, kind of forgot about that.


Well, I like a haunted tour. I've never actually been to a dock, now that I think about it.


Oh! No, Yasha can't--


What do you mean yes? You can imagine what it's like what it's like to not feel anything before this moment? Have you died before?


Probably so. You know, I might stay behind a bit and dig around for a little while. You know, candlemaking's a difficult business.


Yeah, that would be so fun.


Nein.


Something very positive's going to come out of that relationship.


He said he would fight like a man who is dead, but he wasn't--


Seems dodgy.


And then it was like  nope!


Wait, what? What do you mean, we don't hear anything? You said we heard through the bubble!


(counting) Four, five, (frustrated noise). Total of nine fire damage.


Thanks. No, I would have been under. Okay, my turn.


Okay. I'll keep walking and I'll keep looking back, thumbs up, and I'll see what I can find.


He said, "We're running; it's bad," and then jumped into a sphere. That's some children's cartoon-level obvious.


What do you see? Oh. Well.


Hang on. Do other gods live there?


Do we have anything-- We don't have actual tents, do we? We don't have proper tents?


Oh. I mean. (nervous laugh) Tiamat's still around, huh?


Make him agree, first.


Dexterity, so 14.


With an app?


I can give us a little bit of fire?


Do not shave his fucking beard off.


Just going to hit you in the face.


You have three initiative? What's your initiative?


Also, Meg and Wendy are going to have a booth there, so you can go to Artists' Alley. I think they said 11am? Go onto their Twitter. But anyway, they're going to be there.


To the next bloke.


Yes, it's a good game. It's just a game.


He's already used his attack of opportunity.


Shh, go to sleep.


Yeah, and then I'll Conjure Barrage from there.


I spent four hit dice, I'm up to 42 points. Does my malaria that I've come down with change?


Keen Dagger, Flametongue, combined 20 hit points.


We could trade,


Hold out your hand, then.


Bringing it all back.


Oh goodness-- whoa, what is this thing? There's a drawing on it. It's a really good drawing.


Okay. So, I step forward and I pull out my flute and I sing, (singing) "As long as I got my song and flute, I'm gonna give some healing to you. Love and magic in the air tonight, gonna give you some hit points. Gonna give you some hit points, gonna give you some hit points of our love." (all laugh)


Look away.


No, not in the city, Grog.


Oh! D&D Beyond! Am I remembering how to do this?


Plain beeswax.


Who's got the other gatestone? I have one.


He's so plush, though. It's really nice. Whoa! Does he get to reroll ones?


Can you?


Can we stealth?


Wait, is it our guy?


So she can appear anywhere?


How about Clay?


Okay. I came for the aftermath of it, but I didn't see. Or I would have jumped in and helped, of course.


I had already taken some hits, and then I realized at a certain point, because in the Pathfinder edition, if you're negative--


And I'm going to whip out another bead and throw it right at him. (laughter)


Nested Nook.


Okay, then I would like to attempt to snatch the bat with gloomstalker.


That's a great name!


(quietly) She's staying in Whitestone while we do our work. (louder) Thank you for keeping my home safe.


See you in Arizona!


Reveal! Appear!


I was going to say, I can. Okay. Yeah, I'll go ahead and vine him.


None taken, really. A little taken, but that's fine.


Oh, wow!


(singing) No, don't hit me!


That'd be like if I had to fight undead Trinket.


There's a death knight.


Did one of y'all growl just now? That was you?


I'm going with her.


He plays lots of local clubs. Yeah.


The two guards are here to whole time, right?


(scoffs) You think it's fine?


Attacks to wail on her.


You're in big trouble.


Yeah, I'm going to go see if everything's mended over this way.


Yeah, we thought we were so cool.


Complications, predicament, do you have any more specifics than that, perhaps?


That's Caleb. He always stands about 20 feet back.


I'd like to roll a save against smugness really quickly. Can I save against smugness? I feel a wave of smugness in here.


I like it when the music stops, we're like (hyperventilates).


In me? Why?


To Pike.


Now. Tiberius can fly, Keyleth is an eagle who can carry a gnome, and maybe my sister?


Yeah. Yes. And what was the last thing. Oh, we went to go see--


Years ago.


17 points of damage plus two points of psychic damage.


Can he not do anything while he's in there?


Well, maybe we can draw a few over to us and take them out on our terms.


We'll learn him, it's all right.


Can I get to Grog?


That's fun!


Okay, attack with disadvantage. That's not that great. Oh, regular attack!


Can we get some ammonia that we can pour on a cloth and just, like, take a big whiff of?


Get up in that.


Yes, I will now.


Yes, which is-- the ground in a 20-foot radius centered on a point within range twists and sprouts hard spikes and thorns. It's difficult terrain for the duration, but anybody that can see me casting it doesn't take damage to it, it's only the people that don't see me casting it.


Is it to the northwest?


It sounds a little scratchy. Would you care for some ale?


[whisper inaudibly]


No, I'm going to jump up behind Frumpkin.


Him and the other guy? Or just between him? How big is it?


The people that took you from me?


Oh, my gods.


No, there's definitely sexual tension.


Other than take a rest.


Do you want to try this Greatsword of Frenzy?


Klingon. (Liam speaks angry gibberish) Whoa! Okay. Um, eight.


That was our ticket across the chasm.


We need to keep going forward. Either try to make it up this tunnel, or we can try going down that path that the Sphere was forming. I don't know what that is. TRAVIS. It didn't go all the way. It just started. I looked.


And it's so late.


They are really, really beautiful. So just share the nerd connections, everybody.


Is Pass Without a Trace still active on us? It's up to an hour.


Ah, it's hot, it's hot, it's hot!


Jethro Tull would be a great name for a Sith.


I mean, I can certainly try. I don't want people to see me, but sure.


He's getting my hopes up and then he's going to dash them down to the ground.


Great, now we'll never have them as a sponsor. Thank you, Travis.


It is animated by magical means?


My mustache is falling off, so I better hold it on with another mustache.


I'm just smiling at the guards.


No, Grog. Don't eat it.


(yells) There's no liquor in here, oh boy, I better go down to the bar.


I may be there, I may not.


Have any creatures talked to us in Common down here? With their mouths, not with their minds?


The Ravenites have to tell him to come here first.


Yep, so much.


Okay wait, what if I use primeval awareness-- I can't search out a drow. No, fuck. Can I look around to see if there's any tracks or any hint of anything that she may have dropped in the room or anything that he might have dropped?


So we gotta be sneaky with that.


Good call.


He's a snake person!


And comic comes out on Wednesday.


I like that you have an enlarged figure Grog. That's cool.


I say, get to the middle, stay away from the walls! And I cast Transmute Rock, right in the space where he went, and I reach my hands in and try and grab him out of mud.


It's my brother's character from our home group!


I slam it shut with my gauntlets.


Oh, are you alive right now?


For not long. I cannot linger.


Tiberius, you ever been here?


I'm doing it through here.


That's an eight.


I'm on top of a wall? I'm going to Guiding Bolt the whatever-it-is. (all laugh)


Falling from the ceiling.


Third.


There’s a guard dog.


There's actually nothing on the cart. This is a preventative measure against theft. You can feel free to inspect the cart yourself, if you like.


Do you think maybe the reason Jarett was almost arrested was because of this fucking spice?


Did she have a wart on her nose?


That was gentle, right?


It's plus two.


All right, so that's true. But it doesn't really matter if you're good or bad; we will come and steal you if you are a child, anyway.


Plus, you have already lots of scarves on you, so you can do a lot of the things the people were doing.


People who can talk. They said that she's ornery.


So, Taliesin, what's the V? What's the V on this shirt?


Yasha's right next to me-- I mean Beau.


It's dangerous, not just to me.


Look for our friends.


I didn't see whales.


Yeah. Go listen to it. It's like what Laura said last week; it's like weird because it's kind of like a vulnerable soft spot, but yeah.


Are we sure with disadvantage? Five.


Hold hands.


Well, the outside is gold.


I have to be naked. (laughter)


60 feet? All right, so I'm going to throw Whisper at her, and she's brambled.


Four.


Okay, here's my other question, though can we hold our breath that long?


Put your hand back inside.


Don't give-- Let him decide.


Plus? Plus zero.


Just your shoulders?


I can communicate with semaphore if that's something you'd like me to do?


I'm just saying he's cute, so let's be friends again and let's just keep going.


What, who?


So you only have one of these?


To be fair, we are.


With instructions and drop him, and in mid-fall, a cursed giant lands at the front door. And if you're on the flying carpet dropping him, you get out of there.


Are they part of a larger organization, or are they off themselves? It's just them?


Is there a way to slip by?


d8?


I do it.


Like we were justified in our actions.


He has consumption.


I'm only a short person. (laughs) You can have that one for free. Okay, good. Go on.


It's basically a fucking clipboard.


There was no surprises here, we're in it for what we can grab for ourselves.


A lot of different people takes a lot of different types.


Yeah, right, okay.


Where am I in my minute?


I take my pink bag and I put it down on the table in front of him.


Not me, just the firearm.


Do they look like fancy wagons?


There's no ceiling. I think he fell asleep with his eyes opened.


Don't keep walking fucking away from me!


I will personally buy you one of those books, Marisha, hold me to it. D&D Beyond, everyone, make your character today.


But obviously we know who this is for.


I want to be on the cart.


Yeah. You're right.


We need a big-- we need a bigger ship.


No. How much movement do I have left?


That's so many fours.


Be pleased!


Oh my god, you've discovered why she's been with my circus all this time, working as a bouncer.


Oh, but I would have to take it off.


Is the shed from where we are now, still like a mile away?


Don't take out my Wall of Stone!


Do you think it's possible to, like, punch up on the archway and knock the crystal down?


No, I'm fine.


Can I take off my armor right now?


Yeah. I knew what that meant.


If your crushing couldn't kill it, the thousand pounds?


All right, I will use Cutting Words to reduce the damage.


Let's keep them sheathed, he said at the gate. But we are pretty hidden.


You should! After the show.


I'm guessing she had most of the brains of this duo.


Critrole!


I'm going first. Fucking shit. I know she's got me in her fucking claws.


You’re so dark sometimes, Vex’ahlia. I swear.


Okay. Wow. Thanks, thank you. Thank you, Traveler.


Let's go inside!


It keeps up for 30 days.


Nope. At one hour, three people  20 gold. So that's-- yeah.


Oh my fucking god. Just a note. These were made from the heart of a felled titan. I don't think it's that one.


No, you were below me, I think.


Wait. I can't get it quite that far, can I? Hold on. Let me check one last thing before I definitely do that.


Kaiahoga.


When he jumped up and did the hoof kick down, I'm going to take it and then grab his hooves and wishbone him. (cheering)


Also, I will be in OniCon in Galveston, Texas over Halloween. So, if you're in Galveston, Texas and it's Halloween, and you want to go to an anime con, I'll be there. And I'll be in costume, and it will be pretty hilarious.


I have not given him the password yet.


Shut up! I mean--


Try disarming them, sure, why not? Do your thing


Yes. MATT "Signed by himself I see on the burned, emblazoned wood. I'll go talk to him!" He heads inside of the building, the doors close behind him. The other guards encroach, keeping a very keen eye, each one having a bead on the rest of your group. About two minutes pass before he comes back, opens the door and the dwarf goes, "Nostoc will see you briefly, but you best bring the gift. I think that's what's holding his interest."


We should really avoid those in the future, huh?


How? I feel like he goes to sleep and then the next morning he's like--


Did she teach you your spell and fighting talents?


So if you hit with your Sentinel does that mean its speed is reduced to zero?


Seriously? (shouting) Seriously!


I'm going to attack the one that's right in front of Fjord.


Because I'm a fucking asshole!


I saw eyes.


It depends on where you want to hide, I guess. (caws)


Or we could be merpeople.


This is the lumpiest little bird I've ever seen.


No. I'm behind Beau.


We have his Hunk of Quall.


He eats her hand.


Yeah, ermahgerd--


Oh, where did Pike go?


You play a sword?!


I thought he said, "before you started to melt."


You know, we love you, and family or not, if anyone tries to fucking use you, we will--


Yeah, but if that was some sort of lock, you want to put the key in that lock?


After I palpate the region.


You got two tens?!


I'm sitting and starting a Prayer of Healing.


Yeah, that's the one.


I don't know any of your fancy, you know, fluh-duh-duh. But--


What are these interests you are referring to? Her interests, you said to our friend Mr. Clay here.


Evasion is for dex saves. If I fail, I take half damage, and if I succeed I take no damage.


He's still standing up, kind of.


Two-- (groans in pain)


Booze?


Thanks, Tiberius.


(chanting) Fire Plane.


That is maybe true, but listen. I've been working on this for a year, and I'm starting to get really nervous. I'm down to my last few bits of gold, and I don't know how that would feel to run out.


Does he wear a beret?


And there it goes, just like that.


In the Shadowfell?


And they might not have long to live.


This is all a lot bigger than us individually now.


Maybe it'll push me out of the coals.


All the fans who implied that Matt went light on us the last game--


Hey! Hey. Really?


Not worth the memory of killing a white dragon.


I can't do that. I can do anything in the animal kingdom.


And they are movie-poster size. They are that size.


I have nothing left.


Good, then, we're equals.


The Rope of Entanglement, is what I was going for. I can't find my--


Scott!


One day I'll be strong.


At least five a session.


It's loaded with a bullet, though, right?


I will also say, and I'll do this a lot, Dancing Lights is in effect behind us. 20 feet behind us, waiting.


Do you want me to inspire you?


That's what I'm thinking. Wait until the sun starts to go down? Because it's got to be soon at this point.


I’m not showing anybody-- there’s no more of that. What if the dog runs? The guard will have to get the dog back.


Can I get out of everyone's way?


I swan-dive. I take a minute to compose myself. And then--


Maybe we can prepare the Feast, keep an eye out. If we have to ditch out on the Feast early, then we do.


Then you know. (gasps)


Yeah, there's six of us.


I'm just saying, it could be okay.


No, we keep going for a while--


You can fly!


Good one, Molly!


Seems okay.


You cannot have my stuff.


A little censor bar.


Like one of the little vardos? Can we snag a vardo?


That was fast.


I'm still flying, so can I see?


Just a check?


Tracy is my middle name. And I walk downstairs.


What if you unleash the wailing creature and we have to deal with it?


So we have an extra horse!


You want to take a guess?


She's a halfling.


After they fell into--


I will be brief. I just wanted to take a moment to say, I really wish you could've seen some of the things she has done. I know you are proud of her. I've never met anyone like her. She's going to do your people very proud. I'm grateful.


Oh Jesus, that's so many dice.


Yeah! I was watching him take it down, and I was like, oh my god, one more hit and Grog's unconscious!


Well, I say this because if I were to slowly open the portal to the Fire Plane and power it and make it bigger and bigger and bigger, eventually it would be a hole into that dimension that's big enough for a dragon to fit through, but still not big enough for me, so I need to keep eating, to make it bigger.


No, I don't think that's a good idea.


You know, just because I'm curious, I'm going to give her a normal shot.


Okay. All right, I pick up the stones and go in the mansion.


Dagon Henry Kissinger.


The right one. No! You're getting the wrong one! The right one!


Do we want to get up on the wall? There's like a wall, right, around the city?


She's turning more and more Canadian as you go.


You and I came through when we were coming north and there were a couple guards. Now there's like 50.


Once a round.


Slow down!


Are there any other prisoners still tied up?


Let's go. Who's going to put Kiri either on their shoulders, or we need to--


Healing or Turn Undead.


34. Misty cloud! How did we fight him before? Sunlight destroyed him before?


Are you still face-down in the sand?


What? Why would you think he's a demon?


Pike's doing this.


Was it overkill? Because really it took that.


Hi. Did you see what I did?


You're busy this week.


It's insane.


Are you James Lipton in this equation?


-- and if things get hairy, then I use it, and then we drop Pass Without a Trace.


We came here to wipe out a scourge on this city. Careful lest you become the scourge you've come to destroy. These people have eaten shit for five years. I'm not saying that man was innocent, but he's had a hard road. Everyone here has had a hard road. I am maybe willing to overlook what's just happened for all the hardship you have had, but careful how you are walking.


Not at all like that, but yes, all right.


If you had been here five minutes earlier, you might have helped shape what happened.


Shadowmurk Bog. That's the one.


It's a perfect place for them to be interred.


There's also the temple where we found this thing that had the snake, the naga.


I think we're going to be walking a very fine line of paranoia for the next however long.


Five hobbits in a cloak. That's all it is. It's not a wizard.


That's what they told you?


(tearfully) It's Vax.


I smash (stumbling) mitheens.


The die is for the attack.


You're looking for it now?


Is the best lay ever, oh god.


I'm going to search the room for anything else. Search the body.


Yes, we have our money back.


Half their speed and--


It is legend.


Don't do any more. Don't waste any more, Marisha. Don't do it.


So you're dying? Okay, so I'll turn to Vex and I'll heal her. I'll sing: (singing) I heal you. I heal you so bad. I heal you so bad, it's driving me mad, it's driving me mad.


Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed greataxe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his Uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale!


We were up under him a little bit.


We've got Mr. Memory Board here to scan the thing.


It would be racial features.


Okay that'll definitely hit. Yeah, I'm sorry I'm out of practice, guys.


Natural 19. Thank you, Gil. 24.


Does it? Does it just make us panic?


(laughs) No, he won't.


So there, it's a river--


I tend to find these sorts of jobs, asking for a three-day extension does not go well. You're given the time, you do the job, you finish it, you don't ask questions, you don't ask for special--


You can make him do whatever.


I mean, you mentioned no sick people. If he was sick, sometimes that word gets around.


I have a feeling light will attract all sorts of creatures down here


That's a real phrase that I looked up.


The thing is, obviously the trolls don't come up here a lot or there wouldn't be so much ice in here. Walls. So I think that's a problem, so it's not as if they come up here all the time to give it treats. Right?


Okay, I don't care. Okay, Keyleth is going to try to do a one-two punch here. She's going to move forward and then does she see Delilah?


Yeah, I know, yeah.


Yeah. It's gonna be fun.


I'd better roll for Laura.


What, that "we come bearing gifts"?


Nah, I'm just using my feet for that. No, my hands are occupied. With my feet, yeah.


Oh sorry, the total bonus is eight.


No, you have to roll for it.


-- and my mom, Maria.


Wait, we're waterboarding ourselves?


No no no, I'm sorry, that didn't, I didn't do that the way I had planned it in my head, I'm sorry.


And risk a very reasonable reason that they would know where we are.


And they all look like garbage, so why don't we just start with the garbage downstairs?


Could make a distraction in the woods, get one of the guard's attention. Bring them in one at a time. Ambush them. Take their wardrobe.


Would you like me to cast Fireball?


What is the Gilded Run?


I know, right? 25 for the first hit.


It's probably way too large for you.


And this guy will agree to that. Right, Cleff? I elbow Cleff.


Yes, you can!


Pay day!


I want a d10!


Get your Purvan!


She's gesturing an awful lot, I don't know.


Wait, hold on a second--


Oh, I'm right fucking there! I was going to move!


Glad I don't use a bow.


The raider.


To keep him working!


I have that. I pull out eight silver. Oh wait, silver, did you say? I do not have eight silver.


Yeah, in the summer?


Better than after. (groaning and laughter)


Of the Control Water? All right. Let's do this.


Do we see any other tunnels that aren't guarded?


I think we can definitely use these for explosions, if we need them.


I'm going to leave ten gold and be like, I'm so sorry, but try never not to make it worth your while and not be too horrible.


Oh, well, good.


(laughs) Five.


That's it after that.


I'm sorry, Yasha, for new patrons, you're going to have to surrender your sword.


That's a high AC. Because of the shield, right?


We can wait until later.


I would like to make a Retaliatory Attack.


Oh, sorry. For the bags, yeah.


You first, or me?


Is that back?


Us!


What do I do with a bag of powder?


Pew pew!


He is distracted by a bell.


I'm going to set you down, all right? I think your daughter done killed a-- oogedyboogedy.


I slow behind to match his pace, who's following us.


What. What. What.


You didn't see anything, Groggy?


I don't think that's the thing.


Now you've got three Vestiges! Should we go, then? Can you make me invisible and we go?


Jabba the Hutt. Not that grand to me. I start walking off towards the castle.


I rolled a six, which turned into a nine.


Okay. Can I do it again--? Can I get through?


Well, we have a bunch of stuff.


It feels like we were just running screaming from dragons in the sky.


I come skipping into the room, for sure.


Just go through the hole.


God, I wish I had something that would-- I just see her though.


I'm back in the hall with you. Acid-filled room. I'm going to rest. Let's all just take a breather.


All right, I'm going to run-- I'm still Hasted directly underneath the mind flayer. And throw the daggers up.


Wait, we spend two weeks?


Birds. You know, there's a bird in a bonnet and another one smoking a pipe. That's all I really-- (coos) Just think about that. Yeah.


It's good to know that they're still there.


Grog! How many fingers am I holding up?


7'2", maybe 7'6".


I'm going to run to the hall.


Not from that distance, I don't think. His sniper rifle goes far.


(laughs) Terrible.


The Bramblewood? I'm holding on, right? With the Titanstone Knuckles. Whereabouts is the axe lodged? Can I see where the chain is attached to?


Four more years of this.


(screams) Seeing my friend pulled away, I will swim reluctantly forward, stagger near him, and say to the creature that's captured him: Hey, fuckey! What do you give a merrow who sings poorly? Auto-tuna! (groaning)


On healing Grog?


So next to the tents that the prisoners are being kept in.


I could do that. Do we want to do that? What's down there?


Can I use the rope of endless twine and try to lasso one of them? 'Cause I'm really a good shot.


No poison?


Meg_TheDreamer. "#CriticalRole, thank you so much for everything with"-- oh gosh, these are so hard to read-- "with amazing stories, adventures, and great senses of humor that brings happiness and makes me laugh and warms my heart. Thank you so much for the love, my art, oh, twitter @TheAnimeDreamer and my birthday wishes to Meghan L."


We have a shitload of dragon teeth left over.


I think if the dice know that they could go to a kinder, gentler home.


Hosin?


I'm going to heal her with a little bit of a song.


Really? It's been since the river.


Don't fuck me, Gil. Yeah, it's 20 total.


Let's see. Oh, you know what? Is there a mechanism for opening that gate?


And now, we're so close! Here, let's go to my dad's house, but... I need to make an entrance. I'll be on broom.


15?


Wait, you're saying brains are made of water?


This is literally the third time we have done this.


It's like an airplane.


If you get blood on my fucking clothes--


Also, we've got these t-shirts. You should want them. (Laura and Marisha laugh)


Do I have the glove on? Do I have the dope glove?


Half damage on success.


All right. I will turn around and I will, I will Lightning Bolt it, yes.


Can I look down into that black hole in the center of it?


My sister says that island is crawling with nasty shits.


Fair enough.


Next time, lead with that.


I'm going to walk forwards first to peek in because I look like a snake.


This.


Nothing in your neck slot?


It's a question-mark arrow.


I've got a lot to do.


If I--


Try it, Mr. Clay.


Well, not the entire body.


I pull out Sir Kerrion's notebook and I hand it to them and I say, this should be some proof that we mean what we say.


Cast a quick message  We went on the other one now.


We'll omit that part. (all laugh)


And I don't get the bonus on that because I suck. Seven points of damage.


Do you want one of Avantika's hats?


Oh, but that's different than knowing their language.


Or Eskil.


You're an asshole.


How do we get paid? There was talk of pay.


Indeed we are.


I also walk in. Scanlan!


But if we're buying all six, 400 apiece is a very good price.


My brother's calling for you.


It's a big ray of death. I don't know.


Attack of opportunity!


I'm a bit faster. I'll go.


No burn card, no burn card.


We need to collect more, though, right? We have to get like eight or something.


No, he's unconscious.


I make it drier for Caleb, using Shape Water, dry out some of the area.


There's a little girl that was walking around last night that was asking for money and stuff.


A mile.


Is that three more attacks?


Travis is going to be so pissed when he gets here.


Natural 20 is just double the die, right?


Polymorph.


Everything flushes the other way around.


Sure, I'll Quall it.


Did I get any new weapons? I won't be able to pull it out of the bag of holding unless I know what's in there.


Jester, I'm going to leave you in charge of Twiggy, all right? We've got to make for this island. You keep an eye on her. I don't want to see any chocolate thumbprints in my quarters, you understand, Twiggy?


What are we doing here?


Has she punched you in the face yet?


Shit, let's go find Vecna!


Probably when it gets delivered. It could be intercepted and stolen on the way.


I want to enjoy myself, but just in case it's sooner rather than later, you and I need to do a little bit of homework, which you were very good at in school.


(whispers) That's the way we were going to go.


(sing-songy) Don't fuck me, Gil.


No, he promised to free-ball it.


It's like, I'm cool with shapes, but.


Well, I'm known by different names in different places.


Mine, or Vecna's?


Ah, thank you. Oh my god.


Thank god it's not, "Here's an Astral Dreadnought."


Who? Pelor?


My medicine's a four.


Can I wiggle through, under the little outcropping there, and get to the other side?


I'm going to cast Beacon of Hope. Choose everyone that I see.


(sings) Up, up, and away, I'm a beautiful pterodactyl.


We're doing a panel, aren't we?


I always thought you'd need something more impressive to do that, but if we can destroy it here, then so be it.


All right. Then I do nothing. I sing a little song.


No. No, it won't, but close.


I would have lived.


Okay. This is with sharpshooter.


Let's say Caduceus gives Caleb the necklace. He'll take ten minutes to figure out what this jade necklace is and spend the night decoding this book.


50 gold says she hates all of them.


Do you know the last time-- who the last person was that saw this gentleman?


She scries, she sees shit.


"Woohoo." I'm going to try to think of what to draw for the last few days to tell The Traveler about, but I don't really know what to draw. Instead I just write: "Well, why didn't you come?" And then I close the book. I go back inside after a little bit.


30!


Go away! Go tell Caleb we're here!


Likes to drink.


What about Vax? He can sneak in.


Keyleth, what did the structure look like again?


I'm so swole right now.


Does that regenerate and come back? Is it one time only?


Where is Tyffial? I would rather obviously deliver everything in person. Honestly if I had known you were here I would've made arrangements. I didn't want to shock you.


I'm impressed by the dicks, actually.


Do you know of a secret passageway to get up to it?


So we have seven regular healing potions.


--these aren't, like, my people, right? I haven't found out who they are.


Okay, that's not as good.


As I call Pike, I'm going to go ahead and be like, here we go. (boom).


Done. Percival.


Oh, the two together added up to 39.


She rolled six.


Yep. Marshmallows toasting.


I've heard them say it before, they're like, oh, you are the salt of the earth.


I can hover above you or something.


And I have--


All right, I can hear them screaming so I'm gonna run over. Call Trinket as I'm doing it.


Wait, there's not a hole that we can go up?


Guys, there's something in the road.


I don't like this.


Is your stomach closed?


Slap-a the bass!


It's, you know-- We anticipated this.


Have I seen anything, like flies or rats or anything like that?


Holy shit! Oh my god! What the hell!


That's up to you guys. I don't think I can transport us out of here until we sleep.


Has there been any instance where the two have separated in the recent months, that you can imagine or remember?


Now we are all awake.


Let's Tary-on! No? Maybe?


By the window.


Neither Artagan or Scanlan are able to do anything to me once I'm out.


We need them with us, or they're going to imbue us--


It has disadvantage to perceive?


Just away and around.


I can only come if Tiberius lets me.


Oh. Natural one.


We'll see. By the way, I want you to know when you died, I sang a song I would never sing for anyone else, and I'm sorry you didn't hear it, but it was really hard.


Greyskull Keep is going to be an ancient dragon's kitty litter box.


E3, y'all.


I skip over to the door and gingerly close it.


Oh, that's fun.


Okay, 18. No, wait! Yeah, 18.


If we're flying, though, I'm just going to put this out there. There's nowhere to hide if the dragon comes back out.


No, you're using way too many prepositions.


I will use all 30 feet of my movement to head toward the end to see what the fuck's down here.


You're the lord of Castle Whitestone.


A bit vague? Scanlan, what did he say?


Which you did.


I wasn't trying to help you. I was trying to write the de Rolo symbol in smoke. I don't really care about you.


That's what I did with the Earth Ashari, but I mean, they were welcoming and kind.


It's so big.


Hit dice does nothing?


Orly the Swirly.


I feel like he's doing that Patient Defense thing again. Yeah, fuck it. I'm going to go for broke. Because we're pretty close anyway. I'm gonna make all three attacks reckless, Great Weapon Master.


With my off-hand, I'm going to take a swipe for the hyena over there.


Should we maybe talk out our plan for the moment?


What's a Cobalt Soul?


Do you know exactly how these heart-stones are forged?


(whispering) Jenga!


I don't know. I walk up to the edge of the loch and I look in the water. What does the water look like?


I know, but you know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about.


I can burn a spell.


Do you want me to stabilize him? I can do that.


Don't look at me. (laughter)


Natural 20! Straight up, light up.


Fuck the dragons!


Or a ghost.


That's indeed true, yeah. We found ourselves in harm's way. We're always looking for the next bit of adventure to put some coin in our pockets and do the city some good.


I mean, does anyone else have any better ideas where to send this thing?


I'm going to check my family grave. The family crypt.


Yeah, I’ll just do one of these and I'll sing at him. I'll sing, "(singing) I hate rakasha, so put another arrow in his body, baby! (others join in singing): I hate rakasha, so come and take the time and fight with me!" (all laugh)


The four of them stacked are pretty fucking incredible.


First level.


That guy's still up there with us, right?


Boy, man. I don't know what these things can do. I will step forward a little bit. Super tanky.


Man, that guy tried to act like he knew you. Fuck that shit.


Sticks, branches, ja?


Oh yeah, right, what's up?


I wonder if there's another face behind the cave-in.


Pike is, though. She's been doing this for five minutes.


Tary do you remember how dangerous the kraken was?


Oh shit! It's the temple of Bahamut? Yes!


I mean, I have a crowbar.


I can get us under the wall for sure. I can do both, it's just figuring out what we want to do.


Looks like they even go through the night. That's some dedication.


Give it, give it.


I put Scanlan on my back, and we run straight into the cave.


But really, we should get Yasha out of here, because she's still unconscious. This is fucked up. Stop joking, you guys, this is serious.


Oh, I was going to borrow from a friend, but yeah, I will take a little bit of milk in it, please.


That's-- 1d10, what did I do with my 1d10s, because I wasn't thinking-- here we go. That's 26 points of damage.


Everything we've done in this fight is the stupidest. Let's go.


(Grog voice) Also ale.


What about your beard? Is he growing his beard?


(laughs) I'm so sad Sam couldn't be here for that.


That also sounds familiar.


If you say so.


Well, they're going to be yours, anyway.


Do what you do.


I'll come up with something better.


Maybe Ophelia knows.


Better than sinking dicks, I suppose.


Oh yeah--


We're pirates!


You're wearing the shirt.


We're all here.


Yes. That would be rude, I think.


I'm going to stay in the brush, but I want to get forward enough to get a clear shot so I can really take a nice, well-aimed shot at Ripley's head.


Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah!


Vax, what were you again?


Yeah, I forget you haven't seen it. So if you look in one direction, and you look immediately to your left and then immediately to your right, all that shit is ocean.


Let's use this one. Oh, that was great.


(Gollum voice) Nasty.


Sure. (igniting sound)


Forgot about it.


(surfer accent) Californians.


Only two will find out.


I do have a tail.


Well, settle in?


Oh, balls! I'm a little man!


I might. I don't know.


I am using six of the seven.


That's my first time I've ever been unconscious.


Are they hovering?


Like stepping off a moving sidewalk at the airport, but way worse.


That's what we do for each other. I love you, Vax.


I 100% can!


Which bolt do you cast?


I mean, it's the exact same thing. It's still 22.


I toss her a gold. She's with me.


Scanlan, how would you like to use Bigby's Hand to do this?


What part of the body is the amigos?


All right, one more round. What do you say, guys?


Don't mention that Vex flies.


They're not much, but I have rations and a waterskin. I toss them through the bars of her cell.


Outside of the keep?


I'm sure that is just for show, yes?


Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh! I'm going to send him a message, okay? And then we can see if it's him. I send a message to The Gentleman.


Do you think if I do an Alter Self here that people will notice?


We have more than one set of clothes.


It's an anus of the loch. The loch has an anus.


Going to have blood pressure issues after this.


This is our friend Yasha. She's new to your establishment.


I feel like we don't need to make a deal to go murder someone to get arrested. I feel like I could just go streaking in the street and just say words, and we would get arrested.


What if we use the eagles, send them up. Once they're used up, they're gone at the top, and then I'll just summon two more and send everybody else up? Once the people make it up the top, that way it takes less time. A couple people hop on the eagles right now, because we only have a little bit of time left.


Okay, sorry, tree. But that was kinda fun, stroking it.


Fuck! Fine.


Yeah, would you touch my dice?


How do you have all these things?


You're literally just scared of your hands.


Okay. I wonder if anything would lure the guards away from the house.


"LePual at the Wayfarer's Cove." (inhale) Well, I have the cloven crystal. I do not have access to it at the moment.


Yeah, they're super-silent arrows.


I land next to them. Oh my god. Let's get inside. (offscreen clatter)


We're doing strategies.


Yeah, of course. Not to alarm you, I only meant that if we are going to be paid for our escapades, a reputation, anonymously, might help, if we belong to that name.


There he goes!


I think you got that backwards?


Matt does not deserve that kind of language.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on the group.


What's it do, Kima?


Oh, Yasha's with us, right? (laughing)


Thank you for bringing it back to the material plane.


I want this one, particularly, working now. Why don't we stake their salary for the day? We take care of that, double it even. We need these two. We pay for the loss of their work today?


It's, you know, I want to try, I guess.


Does she spend the night with them, or is it like an in and out-- Do you see her again, around, quickly?


I'm sorry to say.


I'm going to use-- disadvantage.


Running over.


They're not expecting problems, and they don't seem that bright.


I like it, go with it.


Deal. (cracking noise) (laughter)


Do we win yet?


Wait, wait. I have Revivify!


It's still there, you can still do it.


Abandon ship!


(sighs) We're doing this.


Oh. We've got to figure out where we're going first.


I'm proficient with disguise, so I roll with advantage, because I'm--?


Yes, that all sounds shitty. (all laugh)


All right, yes. We go to Tiberius's laboratory.


Back to the tavern.


Invisible or not?


There's water flowing in it!


In preparation?


That's a thing.


(gasps) Oh my god, it is a soul! It just spoke to me. Oh my god. What's your favourite color?


I was watching this, I was going to head down this direction anyway.


(singing) That's one way to die.


Duty. (laughter)


Oh, that's not good.


Yeah, okay. Shall we?


Grog, can you lift the poor--


Winter's Crest magic!


Yeah, you can also see me on the Stream of Many Eyes. I'm going to be DMing a game for Ashley, Taliesin, and Sam on Sunday, along with some other people as well.


Obviously! I mean, I'm going to kick serious butt, but what if I don't? What happens then? Do I lose my title? Do I just suck forever? What?


Okay. Thanks, buddy. What do I roll for that?


It doesn't seem tampered with at all, the door?


Mm-hmm. 14, 20 total.


Because we fought something, so I would need to cast it again. Which I do! Cast again. Pass Without a Trace.


Do you know... the Meat Man?


Cool, supes cool.


Yeah, he is very pretty.


I mean, we weren't even going to attack if he hadn't attacked us in the first place.


I'll keep it safe.


Are there still charred wooden pieces in the middle of it?


And all of us have been fucking running.


Grog, don't kill him! Grog, don't kill him!


I'm Mr. Darksearchman. (laughing)


Oh. I'm glad to hear that.


Grog, you suffer no poison damage. We had our meal.


More whispers! Just whispers. It's all whispers. Oh, guys. D&D Beyond, right?


And I attack him.


Hold!


Well, many people do.


Yeah. Against that wall. She can go up to 30 feet. And I'm going to run across--


I'm going to go around and see if there's any other entrances, or if there's any other guards around the perimeter.


Oh, good, this is the bowl drinking party! We were looking for it, oof.


Yeah yeah yeah, go touch it. She meant what she said.


19 on the left.


I had things to do, I wasn't entirely clear about what you were planning to do. My god!


That's what I was going to say! Wow!


Mr. Clay, I am a woman, I know you're new here. (laughter)


Aw, you know what?


I thought about that, but I have enough movement that I can make it to the barbarian, right?


As wind, I'll pull in front of my sister and use windiness and wind hands and wind farts to put up a stop sign with my hands and point down if that's possible in this form.


25 isn't high enough? Oh, his thing is 26.


Is this what I can maybe assist her with?


Nott, how about you take those items to Caleb and call it a vote of confidence.


Ooh, it's on!


Well that definitely hits. I'm probably going to be unconscious.


I rolled a natural 18.


I would like to sing a little Kumbaya song and refresh everybody on the Diver's Grave, which is where we are.


I can be right every now and then.


Check it out.


We're just gonna say hey, Sondur, how can we help you?


Amigo.


Is it a charm?


That's a 25 if we get all three in.


(singing) Two steps forward--


It's a little funny. Frumpkin has a good sense of humor about it.


Well, I think that was the problem, right? Did we get it?


Oh, come on, no whammies, no whammies. Okay, well. 15, hm?


Because I did Patient Defense?


I'm going to take a run. Am I going to do this? Am I going to be this idiot? Yeah, let's be an idiot. I'm going to take a run to try to get cover at the other house. I'm going to try to run across the alleyway.


I don't know why I'm arguing with this, because I'm amused by this entire process at the moment.


I could, I could make a big storm.


This is the laziest day we've ever had.


Okay. I'm gonna try to climb up without falling into the drink, all right?


Scanlan, at least this could wait until after the danger's over.


We just flip this. We're going to jack this fucking boat and get out of here.


No, just a couple of times. Just a couple of times.


Just for damage? Okay.


My internet crashed at the worst fucking time.


Okay. What do I-- that's not good.


How has it been? Busy? Peaceful?


I mean, why not? Go big or go home. I'm going to burn my 9th-level Shapechange and go... I'm going to go red dragon?


Hand axe! Something that is very sharp and can kill people!


I crawl under the bed.


Wait, I have bonus action still.


(French accent) Hello, I am slave master Francois Australia and I am curious about your two angel boys. (laughter)


Do you think I should be more of a normie for this?


That was promising.


Magnificent, isn't it?


I light up my hands in defense.


Is Sarenrae gonna get really mad at me?


Earlier, yeah, I did get a 25 up top, yeah. I thought you were giving me another door. Yeah, 25 up top where the fake bags of rice were.


That was stealthed, by the way.


Stuff to sell.


Yeah, what was that thing?


Inside baseball.


He already signed.


I don't even know if you guys want me to come in with you. I've taken you this far. But if you need me in there, I'll come.


Did they run out of paint, is that what happened?


I guess I should. Pike's with me. I've got to do this right. Damn it! (groans) If only you weren't here, Pike. Pike, don't look!


I elbow him. You're snoring a-fucking-gain--


You want me to just yell it out?


Yeah, I think so. All I know is that a great ancestor of mine was a black dragon and I've inherited some of that.


They're probably watching the tree.


I'll be toward the back, I guess.


Let's just up and over the bar, athletic it. Acrobatics it?


We know what it looks like.


I press up against the wall.


It's not even frugal, this is just what you do once you have money--


But no fireballs?


Stealth? 17.


Careful, careful, careful.


Can I roll some hit dice to heal up?


Like sealed or nailed in so it's hanging down?


I'm just saying, I just want to know because I'm going to be taking you around books, and your relationship with fire is, you know.


I push him inside.


But there was one kid left.


Is it Thaumaturgy? Because that's right where your eyes are.


Oh! Poof!


Easy, Kiri, easy. Settle, settle.


So if I'm almost on it, should I be making a dex save as well?


Not punches, grapple.


Slowed.


Hell yeah there is a ziggurat. Yeah, it was a ziggurat.


That is a very handsome sweater you have. Is that from here in the city?


Would you do me a favor, just as a rule, maybe keep that ten feet away from me, please?


It goes forward. We're all standing back.


I already fucked with that one.


(high-pitched) What about the poison?


Juice is great!


Yeah, right? It's really pretty fabric.


I'll be one of them.


Six plus seven, so 13 on the first one. Same, 13 on the second one.


Weird question, what saving throw does a creature have to make with your sword?


I sh-- I'm going to hold it.


Cramps.


We all get attacks?


Are we all in a group, though? Sorry, I really did have my head up the ass of level four.


Then halved. And then I'm going to go air elemental form.


Did it do any damage?


Oh, that? It's Elvish.


Well, because we know that Thordak is definitely vain.


26 on him!


You can cough or something.


Yeah, he was asking for a snitch.


I run back to Jester.


Come on, snitch. More of that.


No, plus seven also.


A lot of things that we don't know what they are.


He gave the other one to me.


(giggling) You softened the shit of him.


Isn't that amazing?


It's the pharaoh king from Stargate.


That's going to be better for him, though, than getting these hits.


That's better. 22.


And another attack.


I'm going to fuck you up-- Oh, shit! (laughter)


Aw, that's bullshit!


I wonder if there are any more games.


Can I look at Vax and ask him what he’s wearing?


Also, the nostalgia factor of seeing where we all, you know, got hitched.


Craven Edge? How do I prove I'm worthy?


I have a lance.


There it is, looks good. It looks good, Scanlan.


I'm going to go kill this guy because he's pissing me off. I'm going to do my movement, I'm going to parkour off of the table that he knocked over, going to use Keg's shoulder to get the rest of the way over.


Thank you, sorry, I'm just hungry as fuck. I go back to the group.


When we're victorious we can do disgusting things as we leave. Nott, I think you should take point again.


Gain a plus two bonus to attack... It's a weapon.


It was really good.


I've got plans. At the moment, it's the only way to charge my glove.


I didn't even get to see the sunrise.


I'll take you there, I'll help you through. I'll do what I can.


"Thanks." I go put it on. I don't know what it is. It's magic though.


The water elemental is going to sit there and have a long thought about its relationships.


It's only 11 30.


Oh no, Jessie!


She has her work and her--


Shut up. Thank you.


Magnavox, like (squeal sound)!


Nila was going to cover her ears.


Yes, but a different sort, a less fecal sort.


Maybe, Pike. If you can do a little--


Caleb passes out.


Has it been used recently? Is it--


Is this your fucking dog?


Mirrors.


No, I gave it back to you, remember?


I'm going to run up and engage the priest.


Ooh, not good! Ten.


No. We absolutely cannot.


There are three guards.


I'm gonna use my gold dice for this. It makes sense.


Before we leave, and just as a personal favor. I've been touched by a demon before, by a creature. Does it show here? Can you see?


We can't stay here. We've got to move.


No one wears shoes in this world? Only boots?


Oh, for a bonus action, can I make a perception check to see if there's anybody on the other side of the tunnel?


Yeah, same.


Sure, I'll go find that guy with five gold.


You look out for us, we'll look out for you.


Four!


It's a domicile. There has to be four walls. If there weren't, it would be a yurt. I don't live in a yurt, dear boy.


Okay. But do I have to roll to see if it hits, or it just hits?


I'll go knock on Grog's door.


Oh man, I so badly want to fix that sword to save Grog, but at the same time, I don't! (laughter)


Oh, to Sarenrae? I don't think they're in the same place.


Oh, do I roll a dexterity save, too?


Whatever I just told you.


I'm going to show you some music.


You're right, we should leave town with our wits about us and full of health. Let's just go while we're ahead. Besides, I got plenty of stuff today.


(clears throat) Two. (laughter)


One! I'm not very observant today, okay? I've got things on my mind.


He does not drink.


Can I see through it?


What kind of ice cream?


If I can get there.


Well then, I get-- 26.


I just, oh, all right.


Working on it.


My acrobatics or the cat's?


And some people to wait on us. And we should-- Preferably near water. Swimmable water. And we just relax and tan, and sip mojitos. (laughs) (laughter)


Kima is happy?


Straight wisdom?


Oh, yes. Of course.


Or like just leaning in a table together very low. Elf. 11.


No, I have a staff.


You feeling any creepy, spooky, dead people, or crawlies?


You get a plus four.


It also seems like a lot of commitment, but okay. I can keep an eye on that.


Can I Alter Self my throat and (howls) give a wolf howl?


If you have the magic still, we could find out precisely where the armor is.


What brings you this far?


My brother, please.


Bon or Barn, or--?


WWPD. What would Pike do?


Oh yeah, double dash. Yeah, I'm sorry. A little frazzled.


Nine. Of course.


I rush to the bow of the ship.


He doesn't know about the Schusters.


It's so sexy.


Yeah, that means he's still dominated. Okay.


Do we have accommodations in the city?


Okay, ten, 18, 20, 21, 23.


See if Allura will come here, because I want to keep working. And I'll also say we should send word to Uriel that I will not be myself at the--


Anything in the tent?


Oh. Where's Thompson?


It really does.


On my side, while all of that is happening, two things. One is that when I finally get into the tub I dip my whole body almost entirely in, but not my head or hair. Letting the bruises soak in the hot water, which feels wonderful. The second thing is, while flipping the pages of this book, very still, I can hear all of this, and it is extremely endearing, but I go completely still. Completely quiet. And read in peace.


That was Donald Duck, right?


We've lost Liam.


Grayskull is still there!


They're such a nice miniature.


I'm holding my actual action to attack it.


Really, what's the DC on that?


A mother, so there's your in right there.


I have sticky feet right now, so I ain't going nowhere.


I heard it's a wonderful service.


All right, let's enter this establishment.


Oh yeah. Should we get another room now that we've got some extra coin?


With the Missy Elliot step, I don't get an attack?


Do I technically have advantage because it's trying to perceive an undead creature?


I still, by the way, have my Detect Magic up. Am I getting anything?


Pickle time.


Monsters are down.


Can I drop it on one of us, or do I have to drop it on all of us?


Yeah, no, that's-- Okay. I'm going to attempt to-- Is there any loose-looking rocks that are up above? Or is there anything that looks like, if I gave it a push, would fall down, from up above?


Well, then it's your lucky day.


I think it's glown.


We were at the Wayfarer's Cove. Which is in the Restless Wharf.


I don't have any inspiration left. Natural 20! This is a real one, this time! A real one!


Yeah, tell Geek & Sundry to take us there.


Time to go!


Yeah. Fuck, man. I'm also going to look at that undead motherfucker in the corner and--


Wait, are you awake then, Fjord?


Busting fingernails.


What's the purpose of that?


Can I look for those, too, since dragons?


(whispering) They spelled it wrong and I just read it.


Okay. I have it now.


So at 5th level it deals 2d8 thunder damage to the target.


He doesn't realize that you bet against him.


Yes. My cross to bear. I've seen many medicine men about it, but they can't cure it, but many have recommended that I get a diet of vegetables and fruit. Where could I buy some, just like the kind that you have?


Do you want to stare at me all day, or do you want to give me the weapon so you can go watch the show?


Oh. Wait, no. What? Huh? Oh. (laughter)


How hard can it be to make 2,000 gold?


She was preparing to create an army.


I have a feeling you're going to be the most attractive bait that we can think of.


Yeah. Warcaster.


He's just making the sigil.


Water Closet is possibly new pocket jerky at this point.


The next one will be better.


So maybe we should hang out in the mouth of the cave and take a short rest


Can I use my finger skills to see if it's locked? Just my finger skills. I made a perception check to see if it's trapped. Wouldn't I know if it's locked?


Two hours' travel?


Did anybody leave anything good under the bed?


With proficiency.


Oh, so it's not that big.


Are they taking any damage from banging against the cage?


Well then, Doty, go straight through.


Oh, be careful!


I'm really sorry, Grog. I'm going to cast Faerie Fire, roughly-- Yeah, somewhere where I think he is.


And put it aside.


I can't see anything, can I, from where I am?


She's the sweetest, isn't she? She's wearing a mask, she's not really a bird! And I take her.


I think this is a clever system.


(sings) Hey! Hey baby, hey baby, hey.


I mean, partially. If I'd have done better against the dragon--


I'm going to step on him.


Does this mean we're a terrible influence?


Run. Away.


We need to talk to the Clasp first.


Yeah, check to see if there's a scar or anything.


Yes, mirror image of this, so upper left. Let's try that.


We need the handwriting of the High-Richter more than Lord Sutan's handwriting.


I have been avoiding you. Percival-- There was a trap, and Vex'ahlia-- I almost lost Vex'ahlia, and a woman appeared. Not a woman. A god appeared. She appeared, and I did something. I tried to save my sister. I did something stupid. I tried to bargain. I didn't even fucking want the armor that I'm wearing right now! I didn't want it. I don't think I've ever told you how much I admire you.


You got this, and we're relying on you. So, you know, don't fuck it up.


Put him with the books.


Apples? Oh wow. I was looking for something a little bit more exotic. Something native to this land.


Talk to it.


I mean, if we're spiraling out, right? Earthbreaker's here, Ashari are close by, and then we're talking about in and around Westruun.


How will we know if you see anyone coming?


This is made of things.


I catch Nott's eye and silently mouth the word 'lunatics'.


Why didn't you run?


(groans) 14.


Come on, taint-smear.


Yeah, I have a carpet anyway, so let's just jump on it.


And a peg leg!


Kord's strength to you, sir.


I also think perhaps we should find a new place to sleep tonight. I think it might be best. To mix it up. Keep moving.


We're having our own story over here.


Yeah, I think we ditch the cart. They've got hours on us, we need to make time.


This isn't good.


I like this a lot. Give me something to eat.


Guess I could have done that before. Sorry. I wanted to wait until they were gone. That's what it was. I was waiting until they were gone.


I don't know. Skittering beasts?


Yeah. I got at least five gold.


Is it the Belt of Dwarvenkind?! (yelling)


He was bitten by something quite unholy.


The island is cursed?


Before she-- (double punch) (laughter)


And lend our energy to you.


Got to go!


In the city of Kraghammer?


I'm not stealthy, man.


Didn't we meet Davin?


Palms are sweaty.


18, or... eh, 18.


Also, as a sidebar, if we want the other half of our earlier plan to work, we need to get to Dolan, we need the crownsguard inside Sutan's house as quickly as possible.


Well, put it together first, please. Thanks. With the platinum, I will approach the anvil.


Two plus eight. Ten plus--


It's cool, next round you can do it.


We're the stupidest.


That's his name.


There's two high up. And I don't think he can reach the high, because he doesn't stick to walls. Get the one over here on the left first.


Slight tickle of cold?


Do you want to roll? He said roll with advantage or roll independently.


Yes! Yes! Freeze the other worm!


I want more chicken.


Did you ever look at those chains? Did you look at the mantacles?


And then if we don't find anything, then I can still cast Breathe Water on us.


But if I'm with the queen, then what does it matter?


I guess we have it.


It's actually going to play during the break.


Yeah, you can go, and I'll just use the little rope.


All right, I'll let you go.


Gold, if I recall.


Can I still hear the same thing?


Three points? Mine's halved, right, so it's two?


I hate to say this, but tap the button?


DDP!


Oh, okay. I'm going to be Molly.


Is Jester's duplicate considered--?


All right. I'm going to go see Kaylie.


Of course I could melt in there! I'm a little man and he's got acid on him!


All right. We've got a game.


Is he real?


I'm wondering if you have any poisons beyond the run-of-the-mill nightshades this afternoon or morning?


The Courage, I think, is long gone at this point.


You don't speak Celestial.


A low what?


Thank you, Shakäste. Oh, here. I stole a bunch of gold from you last time. [laughter]


Not in my experience.


Welcome back, Ashley, good friend of mine, goodbye Blindspot, hello Nein! (cheering)


Do you want me to go in?


Any other doors or exits?


I like the mansion idea. What if we pitched the mansion as a traveling magical boutique slave shop? Artisan slave shop? We lube this guy up in a loincloth and this guy after a hard day's tinkering, and we sell them! This guy can sell anything! This guy could sell a hunk of shit to the Emperor of Emon.


Yeah, I'm cradling them, Grog.


The Traveler.


I'll use the inspiration die just in case I rolled balls again.


Little busy right now, on fire.


Yeah, I'm trying to find it. Ah, Path of the Grave.


Do we have advantage?


Does it seem more extreme than it has been in the past?


Oh, this is a nightmare. I just want to hit him! (all laugh)


Yeah, but we need to do research. You barely know who the Briarwoods are.


We got some jewels.


I never said sorry for leaving!


And older than all of them.


It's a loan! It's a loan.


And it would endear us to the city.


Is Keyleth unconscious?


Yay Chode!


I'll lay back down and go to sleep.


Listen, we could all go get the money and be back in four days, right?


No. But, if it was, would I tell you?


I marked all the traps.


Eight? Yeah.


Fuck yes. I've wanted to crit with this axe so bad. Great. On a crit, I roll an extra 2d8 that are necrotic, but whatever. We can use anything we can get. I will pump another 1st-level smite into that one, so it's going to be 5d8 plus 2d8 necrotic.


I run up to Vex and I give her a big hug.


Are we gambling on Tiberius being there?


Super hot.


I'll get five, six, seven, eight. Okay, so we've got six, 12. Help me out here, guys. 18. Oh, wow.


So you want us to leave?


It's exciting!


No, no, no. It's in here.


Ja. That is not a problem. Hello.


I'm going to turn to Caleb and be like Can you do the thing? The lights?


I think we were going to go straight there.


Give her something, Grog! Let her use one of your things!


But would I have used my-- what is that shit? Hide in Plain Sight? Could I have used that?


Magic is mysterious! Why couldn't you grow half a beard due to magic?


Do we have a way to alienate these three that are walking to go see Odell? Do we, or do we not?


Uh-oh. They've already attacked.


In the boat?


Has the platinum pyramid started to heat up yet?


I'm trying to load it into Google Docs so we can actually see the messages.


Say one more time?


Through me. Me through her. Him. Damn it. That is eight points of necrotic damage to him.


Why did you put this in front of us, Matt? Why?


Well, you could be a guard taking me in there.


We dig? We dig down? Can we dig?


Not the Horn. Why don't you trust Kima?


Oh that's right, it was sick, right?


Pie Iesu Domine. Dona Eis Requiem.


Oh no. That's terrible. 15?


Mostly dead. Not all dead.


Oh, that's going to feel good in this area.


You might have won this bet this time, Percy.


If we were to pursue it, what would your take be?


-- your name, is it not? You have 37 of them, am I allowed to use any of ones between the first and the last?


d8 for me as well.


Or just crush us.


What? What is pointless?


Good work, everybody.


Are we really all going to die today?


They mostly come out at night. Mostly.


Oh, that was cocked.


Because I can.


(singing) It's Gern, time to Gern!


Yeah, you're going to do it.


That sounds better.


Man, I'll give you an "aren't we clever" sticker if you want, it's worth about the same. We also have some donations to read off. (cheering)


Yeah. He didn't cast it, though. We didn't see him cast that.


Go see it, and then play it.


I have a book I need to read.


Take 50.


I bet it exploded when he did. He exploded.


If you keep making that face, it'll freeze that way.


Oh that's not the d20, hold on. That's a natural one.


All right, so this is 1d10 plus 1d6. That's terrible. That's 20 points of damage, two points of psychic damage, and he has to make a strength saving throw or he drops his sword. DC 20.


Just read it, where is it?


I want to put on my armor.


Where you grew up, Gilmore?


Go. Go away! Go. Go away! Shoo! Go away!


I stand behind Vex'ahlia.


You're not helping me. Like at all.


Okay. Do you think it's bad to give it to her?


Yep, Apple and Google Play.


Two attacks, right?


Oh, wait. Can they feel that?


And then she died.


Oh, you devious motherfucker.


Yeah, that's happening.


And maybe one extra horse.


I love swimming. I like scrapping. So this is a combo of the two of them, you know? I'm in.


Yeah. It's a spell I have now.


No, then it's 24.


Oh, right, it is.


I can take it, Matt. Bring it!


Just run, Keyleth!


Weird question.


It's not that noisy, it's not like armor banging around.


He wears you down a little.


Honorable Plank King, the means justify the ends. My compatriot here will place her Cobalt knuckles upon the chin of Avantika and you will hear the truth. You need but only ask your questions again.


Hey Matthew?


How long were they gone for?


Unaffected? Again!


Yes, I think--


That's how I took down the worg. So, anyway, we were in the forest--


I immediately sheath and say  No more tricks. If we're going to do this, we need everybody to know what's on the table.


I'll start back. I go back through and I say No, it's too dangerous. They need help down there. I fall down to one knee again, and say: Ugh! Damn these legs! You must go help them! They'll die down there! Can't you see it's getting worse?! The pain!


It hits. It's a natural 15.


It's also very lean times in Westruun. Most of this gold should go back to Westruun.


She's not charming.


Oh yeah, no, we're fine. I mean, that'll happen eventually. If it's going to get there.


There's the door you mangled in front of you.


That's part of that listening thing, Scanlan.


Right, that was a stupid suggestion, Keyleth.


Well, no, but--


Then they'd be in pain and very susceptible to--


Oremid Haas is running the Halls of Erudition?


We can leave it in the hands of the Ashari, see if they can find somebody.


That's good. You're good now.


Where is the door? Where is the door that I just picked?


What's Percy doing right now? Where's Percy?


No, with Slow. Slow.


I turn to Pike and say, "What the fuck is going on? Where are they?"


No no, because it maximizes it.


I fold her arm in and walk forward.


Those were the bone chimes!


We are headed to this swamp place.


I'm going to jump fucking down on the ground.


Help me up.


That's what we were looking for this whole time.


Something with veggies?


Four set of corsets.


She committed a crime against me. I don't want her to get money!


Z, this is fucking happy fun bunch over here. They bring death with them everywhere they go. This isn't our fight.


Oh my god, we're going clothes shopping.


She just thought bear. She just knows bear.


(shouting) Move your fucking asses!


How about you let me flick you hard in the nads now and I'll give you a healing potion?


Bucket of shit!


That misses. 17.


Ugh, goddamn it.


I directed one, too, called Yoyotoki Happy Ears. So that's on there too.


I am going to move back into the little corner that's next to me.


Is it your turn Keyleth?


Yeah, she is.


Okay, if they look light enough, I will throw one up into the air at Avantika's head.


Lodge of the Eclipse.


Okay, well, let's see. 1d8 plus one?


Do we want to show them the sphere?


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream, a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae, and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal through divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome, and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were the best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roaring, crunch) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea, training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Then I'm going to crumple them up!


We totally should.


Amateurs.


I don't feel any lumps.


Is the judging of this up to artistic interpretation, like ice skating?


All right, all right. So there is no sneak attack, but it is crit, right? Because I'm the first to attack?


I mean, the town's in tatters. You could be productive and pick things up.


I hop on the broom and get out of it so he has more room.


I know. I pass it over to Nott. Here. I'm not learning anything.


I think she had Seeming cast on her. I don't know if she did it herself or if-- well, I don't think she was what she appeared to be.


Never mention ourselves, just--


Taste the rainbow.


You wanna ride the lightning.


When we get to the shore, we should probably split up.


That's a bitch.


All right. You can use our place as a base of operations, but please try not to steal anything else.


Question, are we under 10 minutes since we shot out the top of that pimple?


You do much drinking in there? I'm not really getting the fumes on your breath.


No, it is.


$3 discount.


What's his physicality doing? Vecna--


If only my friend were here. Me and my friend Nott are really good at solving crimes, we're the best investigators.


I want to go on record and say I think this is stupid. Okay, let's go.


Come on, Sneak Attack.


I am now.


We'll go in the morning.


Yeah, Percy can't watch alone.


So, Grog, you want a boost? You want to stand on a rock?


Yeah, have a little nibble.


I think we should just go up the same staircase. There's too many of them. If we split up we could just all die.


I can't believe I left his soul over there, alone.


You're so attractive tonight for some reason. Have we been together?


I don't think we should all be in the same tree, guys.


That was my terrible joke and I wish I hadn't. Now I'm embarrassed.


Okay, here's the thing. The people that have the trammels should probably have a Death Ward, too.


Where's our five-thou?


I mean, I'm glancing subtly, trying to look like a badass but also stealthy.


Are Frumpkin and I able to tell if this goes water all the way to the ceiling of this chamber or is it water with air above? Or it's all water?


What floor are we on?


He's unconscious, so he's bamfed to my necklace.


What the shit?


They're not really aberrations.


I walk back to Hieris's door and knock on it and poke my head in. Hieris, I'm sorry.


I stop. Just so his arms are out, like that.


Kids!


Advantage, because I'm a half elf. I don't need anything because I'm a half-elf.


Well, that cap is more of a hat. While wearing this hat you can use an action to cast Disguise spell. Oh. Cast a Disguise spell? Do you have to be a spellcaster to use it?


And I'm going to look down at him, and I'm going to be like, how do you like me now, asshole?


Maybe they're friendly!


Well, I could semi-burn your hands, or not burn Nott's make-believe one.


Yeah, I'm useless.


That's going to be a Reddit thread later.


These ones are--


Abjurist and Old Davin included.


I don't think they're here.


That's your robot bear. We could take apart that.


Yes, a drinking horn!


So this was a random hit. He was a random hit job for your Traveler shenanigans.


39. Half.


Poof! He has to make a wisdom save.


Oh wait, the gold platinum band? The band was a ring? Got it.


Does she have a name?


(singing) Never known a gnome like you before!


Can we hide?


So it's 22.


We'll say that I said that out loud to her.


You can come in.


You will be avenged!


I'll actually go ahead and take my action and I'll stop flapping my wings. My intention is to plummet.


Percy, Scanlan, Vex?


Sure, come on.


It's on, motherfucker!


Does anyone not understand, we had a mission here that we just completed?


We hang a sign on it. "Free horse."


Well, I sort of lured him out onto the balcony.


Yeah. We need to go to Whitestone, then.


Kind of like her demeaning me with that little girl stuff. I'm kind of into it. Anyway, that priest you mentioned. Is he a pretty skilled priest? Would he happen to have any skills in reviving the dead?


There's a mage that owns this district?


Teacher?


In a long time. Except when I head-butted a fomorian.


Everyone hears (groaning).


Coming in from the west.


Just in case, I'm going to use my hasted action to disengage and fly away from him-- no! I'm going to use my regular action to attack twice as a paladin. At advantage, first one (groans), I'm going to use--


No, I know. I'm one to talk.


So can we hide it in the loot?


Fuck me! Oh god! Help!


Hm. Fascinating.


She's unconscious?!


Just full on her lips.


Do you need more d8s?


How big were the creatures?


I'm sure this is unnecessary, but I'm going to start thinking about setting the Death Walker's Ward to fire damage.


'Til it looks like a good angle, at least.


Yeah. 14.


I like the scars that my damage situations leave behind. I'm not quite as interested in that. What else have you got?


Good luck. You can't fight a compulsion, man.


Can I dispel the enlarged?


Get us out of here!


I heard a traveler talking about Whitestone.


Mostly we just call him Scanlan.


Yeah, you don't suck.


I would like to Command Lorenzo to freeze.


I'm focusing on the war mask.


That is true. Well, then I will inspire Grog.


I had rolled a four.


Call the council.


Can I fly back down and grab Scanlan?


(scoffs) Whatever.


Grog and Keyleth. Haven't done it for a while. Grog and Minxie. (laughs nervously)


Well, I have 20 gold.


Kord's strength to you.


I am sitting right next to you.


She was handsome.


I sit for a moment and think about everything, try to remember more about Sybil.


Would you like to borrow some d8s?


Then we're not alone. Now, what was creating this green light? Where was it emanating from?


Man, I feel like we're really getting off the point.


