Wait, what was the Xhorhas bit?


We are going to make it--


We're going to be in the studio.


Is it? Oh!


Can I get like behind her so I can-- I need the laser pointer.


Well, I like the idea of an extra hand or two to back us up, but I also agree with you. We go in at night and try to take the guards out, who are watching quietly, hopefully. If that is the case, we can go in and get our friends, and if we do that successfully, then we can burn these ones in their sleep.


Lucas will let you know when it's up.


Yes, I do! Oh my gosh, you guys, merchandise! Number one, the tarot cards, which a lot of people have been asking about, are back in stock right now in the Geek & Sundry store. Number two and three, check out these fabulous, fabulous T-shirts!


No windows? Okay.


You're stronger than Pike again.


I do, but I rolled 12.


I sneak over and close the windows quietly.


Then, can I get all the way to Mollymauk on my movement?


Like it can be up your butt!


I can't do this. I can't do any of this. I'm sorry.


It says after failing three of these saving throws, the disease effects last for the duration, so that would make me assume that she has it at least for three rounds.


It gets a surprise round.


Always, yes, of course.


Where is the little bird?


Oh, yeah. Can I do insight and see if it seems like a bad guy?


Has it worn off?


It's a white little-- it's got a big seed, it's white, it's sort of citrus-y, it's really good. You can put it in liquor.


Ignore it.


I'm still on the ceiling, right?


Yeah. Okay. 15.


Yes, staying next to him, but just out of the way of other projectiles that might be coming up my butthole.


No, stealthing up. All right. So, okay, hold on, I get advantage. 23.


Here's a little secret for people who love video games: when the heroes pull out a gun, put a gun away, pull out a sword, put a sword away, there's a guy on the performance capture set who just catches it and walks away. Hands it into your hand, so all this, they just go (pfft) and they don't put it anywhere. They just let go of it.


Busy. But just hold onto your butts. Hold onto your things. They are sneaky. Sneaky-sneaky. They like to take things, and they're fast and small and that little sleight-of-hand didn't get passed down to me, but-- oh, I'm so uncomfortable right now!


So I add the-- oh, one.


29 minus five, 24.


Not great. 24.


From the Truscan Empire.


Check for traps, check for traps, check for traps.


(panting) I'm losing steam. That's my turn.


Also, I had one of the first run of these Critical Role shirts returned to me. I'm not sure who, someone from Canada. So if you could e-mail me and give me your right address.


Yeah, I'm a goliath. What about it?


Yeah. That.


How many legendary actions does she have?


I shout, hands off the gnome! as I do it.


It's been all night.


It's weird, Caleb. It's weird.


Like a Zorro mask with Frumpkin's beak right there.


Okay, now I feel like I'm on a listing ship.


it doesn't add anything to my strength roll, right?


In the eyeballs.


I have really good initiative.


Foot flakes anyone? Foot flakes?


Are you really?


Hide behind his uvula, Grog!


So you're not trying to chat me up so much as you're trying to siphon information.


I'm sensing a really strong energy of an aberration in the middle of town.


Then I don't do any of that. Instead, where's Scanlan?


Thank you. You've earned a conversation. We'll see you at home. You should get there quickly so there's no suspicion.


Not ass-water. Just regular water.


Well some people go this way, and some people go that way and some people go both ways!


Oh, Grog, put him out!


Taliesin and Caduceus have very conflicting feelings right now.


Where's Aes? Where's Aes?


No, we don't know who she is.


Tell me about yourself. How do you feel about-- What do you do during the day when the pub's not open?


Oh, kinky.


Like a bolo?


18 points of thunder damage and Caleb and I will disappear and reappear 90 feet in the direction of the base of the hill.


Yeah, you two roll. Go for it.


We also had no qualms about sending a highly decorated richter to the guillotine, so I don't know why we are getting tied up over a troll.


Actually, just throw them all to Sam.


I cast Cure Wounds on him. Level four, bitch!


Just hear the sound of a wine aerator in the background.


We have it on the map!


It's a very good bathtub, it's got claw feet. I appreciate that.


Grog, I'm sure you would like to... go to a pub of sorts?


TheMostJost!


It's not fair for you to put your issues onto literal inanimate objects.


That just barely makes it.


Oh, right. Yes.


It's not us, Keyleth. It's the history of the town. Perk up, you're driving me crazy. (laughter)


I freeze in an exotic pose.


Yes. Yes, I will.


You're right, forget it, yeah, forget that last. That's right, two.


(counting) 64, plus the psychic. 69 with Whisper.


Oh goodness. I don't want to set the-- I say, "Hey! Why don't you put down that weapon and let's talk about this?" and I cast Friends, which would be a disadvantage, I'm sure. You have advantage on all charisma checks. Yeah, so: It's very dangerous. You're going to die, probably sooner rather than later unless you want to talk shop.


No, stealth roll, motherfucker. Can I take a leak on a wall in the courtyard?


It's on the way. Well, it's on a way north, if we wanted to go that way.


Don't dragons sort of see past those things?


Can I faint?


Do they have a uniform, or how do you know them? How do you know who they are, how can you identify them?


I forgot you did that.


I'm just going to move the axe head a centimeter or two.


Let's keep it all together then, for now. Except for the books.


Can you make me invisible?


I don't know. I'm sort of curious about talking to the people who are in this contract with my father and seeing if there's any way to wiggle out of it a little bit, but I don't know how to solve everything right now. I also don't know-- I feel a duty, a responsibility to this family, because they are my family.


Nope. I did when I was a druid.


On the roof.


There's definitely going to be ghosts there. Kashaw?


I am screaming and running at one of them.


Okay. I'll get one for you.


No, Dork the ox.


The thing is, I've made a promise to stay alive. So I'm going to run away.


And I have to get on with my life, is that what you just said? It's hard to think about 12 things that you legitimately feel passionately about.


Hey now, this is our first god we're fighting.


By eight.


See? Better.


With.


"The poo cloud," Keyleth calls it.


I tell that creature no lies. Ever. That is a green dragon. There is no tricking it, there is no deceiving it. There is just telling as much truth as you can get away with.


Can I poke my head out the mansion and see who's still outside?


Goodnight, brother.


We've got dried food rations in the bag.


22, that's a lie, 22.


We'll get Grog to smash it to smithereens.


We could go to the Silken Terrace!


Well, he wasn't that much more than 30 feet last time.


Okay, I'll touch the sphere. (laughter)


Just say it. I want to hear you say it.


Yeah, and you can be the captain.


Unless I roll a nat 20? They just do their own thing if you fail.


Okay, wait-- oh, that's more than that! Anyway.


Brian and I are chatting about it. You'll be naked.


It's three hit points worth of spider.


Will you come down here and talk to me?


Yeah, but I'll use uncanny dodge.


No, I can't get my mouth wide enough, too many teeth are in the way!


(laughing) So bad.


Natural one.


I thought the Elder Brain was directly below it, so it would have to step on the Elder Brain in order to--


To this one?


Gonna find out what this thing is, get up close and personal. I would like to Rage. Just charge right at the thing that was towering over my buddy Pike.


I've been thinking about getting some highlights for this beard.


I don't feel fantastic.


You don't sleep with the daggers, Kiri. You want to remove them.


And, Lady Kima, you must survive. Because you must tell Allura of my deeds. For no particular reason.


No, I'm just checking, I'm not opening it.


With a point, too!


How about a poke and then a flame?


Can we switch him after the intro?


Name it.


We are looking for something that can hold a lot of doughnuts in it, and also maybe some other things that are heavy.


Do you activate hung at the same time?


He's freezeframe.


12 points. And then I'm gonna duck back around the corner again.


I am fickle. If I roll a one, it's gone for the game. I won't roll it again. But if it rolls bad more than three times, it's out. It's gone.


A drunk episode?


I've been there, haven't I?


Is it safe to just approach?


The three of us!


Let’s do it.


This is so much worse than I thought it was.


I will also say that I definitely get Ashley as the Joker threatening the city.


He ran by me!


I mean, because I'm going to cancel it, if it does anything.


Ashley, will you draw something and show it to us on the camera?


I'm going to hold out the garlic one more time. Just checking. Seems legit.


Deuce has a point, there's got to be a goal at the end of all those powers, right?


You got in? No, he went into the corner?


Evidence of magic?


Because he asked us for his own time. Can we respect that or not? Or did you want him to yell at you more when we see him again?


I'll drop the Wind Wall and cast Sunbeam and, eyes flashing, light just (goom), right in the concentrated beam where I have this mist there.


I'm in the kitchen. I want to see if they can make a salad with meat in it.


Made it smaller.


There is no scattering.


Please, send me your emails for abusing my fey magical cat!


Oh Tiberius! Some farts! Look at those farts!


Yeah. Carmel-by-the-Sea's a peach.


Got to get rid of it.


Before I retire, Clarota, you said you wanted to speak with me later. Anything in particular, or you wish to save it for after the battle?


Shit, okay, all right. It's been worth the wait. It is the last king, there's like a secret buried with him and his death brought on the madness. So like, there's definitely treasure with him down there.


Don't the dwarves already know that they were there, and they were already prepping for battle?


No, we're about to run.


Wait. Scanlan! Is that you? You were a crow.


I rolled 27.


Caleb, where you want to go buddy?


Frumpkin, by the way, is flitting about a little bit from person to person while we talk. Even lands on Avantika's shoulder a little bit and does a little--


They need the d4 and at disadvantage. I've never used Bane. I should really start using Bane.


What do we have to do first?


Oh yeah, I have lots of charges, don't I?


Common, Gnome. Pig Latin.


Easy decision!


On purpose no fire.


Yeah, don't anybody else hit it.


You have to do this with every spell?


Can it hold more than mine?


And how bored is this guy?


I try and--


Can Grog not see to the right of him yet?


(garbled speech imitation) (laughter)


--my brother along, because he's really good with that stuff.


I don't answer. I walk over to Keyleth. Can you still do the thing with your hands?


Well, the first one is, I think, it's time for Caleb to have another bath. It's been a little bit.


Yasha's moving towards the beach, Caleb's going to just start firing Firebolt after Firebolt at the treeline, I've a 120 foot range, and is going to set the jungle on fire behind us.


Manacles?


Why didn't I use the stupid dice, but that's okay. 19?


He was like, thanks! I guess I have two more of these! And he fucking ran off!


Right. What do the people look like after they've been taken over?


(shouting) Argh, god! (laughter)


The water! Bad water! All water's bad, but this is even worse.


Yeah, you're conscripted as long as you stay in town.


Okay, hang on. My Control Water spell has a concentration and I create a current--


I mean, I've seen them mostly not when they knew that I could see them. If that's what you mean.


To fill the whole tunnel with water and drown 'em?


Thank you so much. Lots of salad, lots of very dry, hard meat. Turnips. Lots of turnips.


What is a glaive?


I'll be raising him up and down, shaking him in the air, like, "Come on, shake out of it, come on!"


And what are the other doors?


To pull Vax over?


You didn't turn me into a cloud.


Not only do I shake it off, I gird my loins!


Oh no!


Can I touch his chest and his stomach?


Oh my god, and I have the white--


Just to look, and then I'm going to start researching that symbol. I'm going to go to the library and I'm showing the council everything.


Right. Do you know if there's anything in the water?


Good thing we didn't try to lie.


Yeah, but he wasn't in Nicodranas with me.


Write what you know, Taliesin.


I cast Beast Speak and say, where do you live?! I'm kidding.


I don't know, I'm not strong.


We’re keeping an eye on the street.


Charcoal and some incense, a kind of incense you have to use. I'm all out. I used it all.


Well, changing into this thing meant that I had to drop concentration on my Locate Creature spell.


I think they were yellow. I pictured them like mangoes.


That's a 22.


I'm a lady!


It's a time release capsule.


Can I see Grog?


I was really tricksy because I would sit there, and I would think, and I would practice all of my tricks. I was able to get him to watch my trick. He thought that I ran down that way, but really I was hiding in the back. I snuck out, and I ran the other direction. I was able to run, run, run! I've been running ever since.


Fire a Fireball into the abyss. Will it just eventually stop?


Would I have heard ghost stories?


We don't recognize them. Can we see their face?


Oh shit! I'm so scared.


Also, double checking-- grit is a reset after combat, not a reset after a short rest?


Okay. So we're trying to avoid the guard so we don't get spotted again and get kicked out again.


Such a dick move.


Did I lose all my hit points when I went unconscious?


No, I don't want to do anything.


(singing) I'm a believer.


Yeah, they told us. Oh my god, we have so much to tell you guys.


Everybody out! I cast Mage Hand!


Of the fortress. Oh, it’s not a standalone tower. It’s part of a larger wall.


Serial killer.


Oh, not right here, of course.


Well, if you have something of his that we can look at, we might be able to help.


He normally only asks me that when we're making a terrible plan.


You know, honestly, you two having the time to sit down and watch two bad movies--


With a 46 stealth.


Not like the staff push, though.


I want to search him. I want to see if he has anything on him, in his pockets, anything.


Oh shit, you got a 20?


Yeah, you're pretty weak. Take a greater, Scanlan.


Yes, it is! 14.


That's a huge radius.


Who Dis? We gotta hold hands and then--


Okay, I'm gonna cast Dominate Person on the general.


Yeah, but then we were helping other people, though, at the same time. So.


That's very rude.


The boat was the SS... ... that's it. (all laugh)


It's how we all started out, really.


Yeah, you got it. Back of the throat.


Wait, we're picking them up in the morning, Keyleth. You're not even wearing it yet.


All right, I'm going with them.


We keep our distance.


Heroes' Feast raises all of our hit points higher.


Grog begins to blush, a large blue color on his cheeks.


All right. That's 17 points of necrotic damage.


Well, get at it!


It'll be fine in the Bag of Holding.


How did you get here? Is it really you?


Oh shit, okay. I'll take it.


Okay, I can do evocation!


Yes, it has.


Are the gates chained shut or does it look like there's a lever?


Oh, for sure it is. So 19.


I can fashion something.


No, I'd probably hold my attack. If I hold my action, I can hold one thing. So I'll hold until I'm within melee. Yeah.


Oh, we have bonus die, don't we? From Scanlan.


I'm fine! Don't worry about me.


Nothing can touch it.


We're going to live a life of paranoia, aren't we?


23, 33.


I can always turn into, like, a whale.


Not long-term, and these are groups that think long-term.


Like we did with Whitestone or something?


Oh, sorry. Nature!


Oh no. I think it's 12 for me.


They do. Hey, wait, keep holding it for a second. Can I walk over to the wall? Can I punch the wall?


Yeah, but he's got one more shot at this.


That was beautiful. That was--


That's why we're all burnt out on shit, okay.


Fuck those guys. They'll be fine.


Thank you, Jester. In our tribe, when you get married, it's for life. Even if she's gone, she'll always be mine.


Oh, here. It's right here. Right here. That's your handwriting, don't you see it?


But I can make them laugh.


(whispers) Fucking dick! Stop it!


So it's that way.


Can I use my Primeval Awareness to see if it's actually dragons close by?


Okay, because I was curious if my locket gives me-- does it count as my hit dice or no?


Avoid the ball.


Oh snap.


Is this a surprise?


Wait, we're leaving to Whitestone?


Oh, wait. We could just leave the bear behind.


And I need to make a constitution saving throw?


So yeah, he's got this ability.


Wait, but what about Kima?


Oh, what is the check on that? That's a DC 12. Eight, nine, ten, 11, 12. I hit my check.


Tea set? What just happened?


Well, first of all, as my bonus action, I will cast Sanctuary on myself.


Ank'harel!


No, he's not in the room.


Yeah, we can tie a rag around the end of the blade to keep it from piercing anything.


But we discussed before we left that we would mainly stick to the lowlands and the ravine to get there, yeah?


I'm real happy in my setup these days, but--


So badass!


I will look extremely weak and I will sing a song to him. (laughter)


And you can also-- how many people can you imbue with your powers?


What they were?


From bad people. Unspecified, so far.


Where are you guys talking?


Although we should probably have someone check ahead, just for traps.


But I mean, sneak attack damage--


I mean, he can't swipe at me if I walk away, so I'm gonna get away from him. Although he can move super fast. I'll walk a little bit away.


No, I'm fine. I'm flanking with Keyleth right now? To the butt.


I have a brilliant, if slightly inebriated, thought.


Or your staff.


He's totally Dread Pirates Roberts-ing this shit.


Miss, do you know the full name of Percival de Rolo?


I would like to run to the side that is closest to you, on Trinket. I would like to start pushing him along the lawn, towards the entrance to the Keep, like a giant ice block.


Can I use my primeval awareness and see if I can sense Grog within six miles of us?


I have-- No.


(shouts) Wait! What was your name?


Back corner of the room.


Yeah, you want to?


Just find Dairon. Thank you.


Who's traveling under the mountains?


Can we grapple up out from the ceiling?


It seems like it's too much work.


When you get home, just the blinds are open.


That may be the end of the--


I would like to announce that I feel pretty good.


Oh, that heart disease! It's the number one killer!


Okay, so he's been attacking the old guy.


A lot of people doing this. (panicked sounds)


There's nothing that we need to think about like that so that we have--


Do I add to it?


I'm trying to keep an eye out for anything.


All right, I'll take my cover. I'm going to pull out--


Don't fix him, he's perfect!


The house and the skull are linked. As long as the house stands, his evil will grow.


(quietly) Ancient.


Eat a bag of dicks. [end of transcript]


(whispers) What the fuck?


Five locks?


You've milked a lot of snails, and you've never seen anything like this.


You're right. I Druidcraft the cotton.


Yeah, because you don't see me because I'm hidden on the other side.


Make a perception check, (mumbles) yep, yep.


Okay, you already said that? Was I busy rolling dice and talking?


I'm going to hold on to Velora. And Trinket, I swear it's going to be the last time, buddy. I'm not going to keep making you go in this necklace much more.


Oh God! Is he okay?


Better!


It's hyphenated?


That's a big fat no!


I trust you.


I can cast Fly on him.


Yeah, yeah! Big pumpkins.


How did you forget we got that?


You wouldn't happen to have any raw canvas I could use to possibly put a bit of a pup tent?


Rage room!


I'm going to swim down and I'm going to have her skip around and see the coins and be like-- and go over and act like she's going to try to get the coins.


The second one was a three. It was a 14 to hit.


It also seems like this is one of those towns where things are expensive. Things are expensive here.


Oh my god. Can we make an agreement. I kill you, you kill me?


Yeah, and then hide behind that outcropping thing. Yeah.


Especially with the cough, thank you.


Yeah, I cast Pass Without A Trace on us.


So we should try to get her in and turn him?


We're all going to be here to see this open, right?


Look at that. That doesn't look normal.


Not the Feywild. But maybe soon.


21 for the second.


Don't get swallowed.


Can you point to one of them that is not undead? Just looks like a regular gnoll, or I can just pick one.


Let's start asking around town for him.


Come closer to me!


I've been paid good money for that.


I don't know, maybe. Something along those lines.


Have we recovered?


A rib will be pulled when you turn and sneeze.


Goddamn it. Five more gold.


Destroy the cart?


I love Percy. 25.


Hey, Molly?


(laughs) Resist. 13 for me, anyway.


I want to stand up!


We'll get up in the morning, we'll take some of that gold, we'll put it to good use, we'll wait until Nessa gets back, and then we'll carve out a plan.


Okay can I come around the corner and get out of this nastiness? Ooh, it really did stick to it.


Oh, yeah. More donut for us.


It's not cowardly, Grog, it's safe.


I pop out of my sleep. Did you say Allura again?


Onto Tiberius?


Super middle of the road.


Going to heal up.


Guys, I feel like we need to have a conversation with Percy.


I don't recall making that arrangement.


Well, hold on, what were you going to say?


Do we have it in the Bag of Holding?


She's super awesome. Hot, I think she's hot.


One side fire, the other side water. So however many mages I have to hire for that to happen in ten days, I think we talked about it being eight days or something like that? Or was that only one side?


Look at the dungeon master. Is that maybe the longest facepalm?


Is there is any indication of the cause of death on these corpses? How do they find them?


I could dye it.


Thank you. Yes, you see--


I stand as well.


Then what the fuck is that from?


Get it, girl. Get it.


With inspiration.


Oh, jesus. Okay.


Pike in a box is better than no Pike.


Why, why!


The tavern? Do we have to find another building?


A "clockenticken."


Later, later. It's going to be fine.


Can I peek out? Can I move out?


Yes, far and wide.


Taliesin, really? No!


Doctor, we're quite skilled but we have a bit of a name for ourselves as well. I'm afraid we may not be able to help you out.


That was today? (laughter)


Excellent! Excellent!


Can I see, can we see it?


Oh, all of us.


Oh, you're trying to use my friend's failure to make me feel better.


We don't want people running to report we're here, though.


How do you mean, tabletop? All tabletop?


I was thinking of the Tainted Love Levi's commercial.


Plus nothing. (all laugh)


And then the next one hits. It's higher.


I want to go to Pumat.


It's still up. It's a concentration spell, yeah.


Yeah, we'll stand outside of the door.


And then I shoot another one at you! [actual intro plays]


I am Kashaw Vesh. Call me Brother Kash. Everyone else does.


Throw the bomb in.


It's lembas bread.


What do they look like from this distance?


Shit! Wait, let me look at Fenthras. I'm just hoping there's something that says it's 300 feet!


I have the flaming--


I can't believe I fucking dumped my 9th-level spell in you, and then you got tied down. It made zero fucking difference.


Let's do ravioli. Staff?


Toy boat, toy boat.


That would be lovely.


Well, you carry platinum, how much do you have?


Right now, somewhere in the world, Scanlan is eating a like calamari and going-- (all laugh)


You're good, you're good, you're good.


Let's go kill the duergar.


I mean, I don't think I can do a bonus as a planetar, right?


Let's land a little bit away.


I mean. You can't really understand me though, can they? Right? It's all shit.


Oh, Caleb! You're a wizard, freeze the water!


No, no! No! No.


Or holy water. Try to get some holy water. Holy oil.


The place where we got a lot of stuff.


Yeah, that was your turn.


Shoot up-- kill the monster guy.


Oh oh, actually--


I'm in the alleyway with the twins.


Oh, I'm down.


Trinket could take Pike, too, with you.


Just do what you do. It's Vex's job to keep us in radius.


It was fucking emotional.


The law of this land is compromised. Percival, I agree with you. I think this is the right choice.


Cleric vs undead.


Stupid. Seven damage.


But only if we're in there and then we don't need an unseen servant to do it.


It's going to go Poltergeist on us, isn't it?


Dickbutt.


Corneli-- yeah, the food just blows your mind.


It's ice.


All of the Flashes are on this show.


I don't even--


13 for me. I like how my passive perception is way higher than any rolls that I ever do.


Keep doing this motion.


Seems crazy that a gigantic fucking pit boss, whatever he is, would be like, "Oh, sure, I'll step into this creepy door, weird stranger!"


When last time we fought Delilah, were any of us scared of her?


They do have our drink tokens. That was in the bag.


The door is shimmery and shiny?


This will work out way better than that Tamagotchi you owned.


I'm invisible. It's poop. (laughter)


Hey, damn!


Listen everyone, this is what happened to me. Here is my definite backstory.


They look really pristine.


Go check it out. In fact, I'm so flattered that they named their code after me that I wrote a little Broadway song. Can't even hear the pitch. (singing) Da. (spoken) Okay, about their discount code, SamIsOurHero. Okay. I'm going to sing it a cappella. (clears throat) (singing to the tune of "Dear Theodosia") SamIsOurHero is the code to use. To buy your books at steeply discount rates. When you go to D&D Beyond, just mention me.


I believe that's full damage. Let's see. Spirit Guardians? 16!


Yeah, what's the level two?


I don't think it's a good idea.


You're right there. She probably busted everything to get there.


Wait, what's happening?


That's a 31.


Maybe-- this is the closest ocean that I knew. Maybe your message did get across, Jester, and I did hear it somewhere in the corner of my brain.


It's funny, we almost just died fighting the dragon. How ironic.


Matt, you've got a little something right--


What? No. I mean, no. Definitely not.


Are you okay, your honor?


That's going to be the most gnarly drop-off ever.


It's okay. I'm a leader, and a leader sacrifices--


I hired them to get rid of some termites in my house, once.


Where do you find more powerful?


North is that way.


Do you know where to find me when you're ready?


I tell Grog, I say, Hold on, and I cast a Fireball right in front of us, to try and jettison ourselves out with my Spire.


I will hold until he drops.


I never knew his animosity toward trees.


How many people have you heard that from?


I guess? This sounds so ridiculous as I'm saying it out loud.


Yes sir. With my bonus action, I will Hex this guy over here.


All right, well. I feel safer.


Good trick.


Oh! Got it.


Oh, and you think you do? You the authority on knowing what other people want?


I'm imagining I am not summoning a gigantic octopus.


He's back, ladies and gentlemen. He's back and taking no prisoners.


Maybe we'll wait until something is negated.


We could see what's down the river a bit.


Oh, hey buddy. Sorry.


I've got very long legs right now.


Say goodbye to him.


But we need you on sharpshooter duty.


Why don't you draw The Gentleman? You've probably got drawings of him in your book!


Five points of damage!


I say we head in closer on foot. If you want to ride Mr. Mistoffelees up to the top of the tower, that's one thing. But I think just sending him up there, or sending him to be an agent of chaos.


Oh, Pike, you're so brave!


I walk up to the prettiest one and I rip it down, and I throw it over myself like a toga.


Are you raging?


I placed my seed inside of her.


They're fast. So, we have amazing fan artists on this show. We get hundreds of art pieces every week. We're floored by them constantly: legitimately amazing artists. Talented, gifted. And I was like, "why should they get all the fun?" So I was like, "I'm going to do my own fan art this week!" Because things people know about me, I'm a talented performer and all that stuff, but I'm also an emerging visual artist. And this is a chance to get my art out to the world. And so I'm going to present it right now. Guys, this is art, so if you have any kind of a reaction that's real-- if you cry, if you clap, whatever. I'll take it.


Barter it at the very least.


That's a 12.


First one of the series, everybody! First one!


He's looking pretty rough.


I, being a sorcerer, have a special ability called sorcerer points, where I can do multiple spells in a single round.


We do? How? I don't.


Not yet, though.


Whoa, platinum?


Where's the baby?


I'm going--


That's what I was trying to get to. Wait, us? We have to answer truthfully?


Super explicit.


Trying to distract these fucking assholes. That is a six. Ten.


I'll need you spotting, 'cause I'm not great at this.


Right. Sorry for asking. Jeez.


Probably for the best.


That's a really long name.


Sorry, when he means successful, he means unsuccessful.


I think we had talked about going to see Pike's great-grandfather, Wilhand, to talk about the curse with him, right?


Fine. I take the Flaming Warhammer, and I whisper the magic word, bacon. And it turns on fire.


Oh, well, let's just--


What does that mean? What does it mean? Caleb, what does it mean?


And double it?


My second one. 21.


I say good morning to them in Sylvan.


I did not prepare the spell to disguise myself. I thought we would be fighting monster people, so...


You read the spell, didn't you?


But whatever. Yeah. Whatever she can do.


Cool. Here to help.


Oh, it's a pretty tight space around there, I'm not sure! I could try.


Seems full of shit to me. I'm going to use luck. I've got it.


I was going to say, can I still see the green being sucked down a bit?


I'm already sold.


Trinket, snack attack!


Pike, Tary, what else? (laughs)


Just the smallest of questions, though. The amount that you wrote down, would we be seeing that before you cut off ties?


Or breathe some awful breath of death.


Okay. Where are you at, Scanlan?


I would tell this cart that we'll be right back. Stay put, cart.


Yeah. Did you scry yet?


Let's make our way over there.


We're saving the world, here, people. Let's not twiddle our thumbs for too long.


Oh no, is he going to crush the dryad?


We'll return.


A charisma saving throw? That's not great. And no saving throw bonuses, okay, so that's ten?


On my first attack! If I release Trinket, is that an attack? Or is that a bonus action?


When you betrayed us, you said you were serving a higher purpose. Did they plan to sacrifice you to him?


I want to get thrown in a trebuchet.


We've seen you flit about.


How often did he go into the Diamond Nest Tavern?


We could make a compass if we really needed one. It's not hard to make a compass.


Hot cocoa is doable. We've done hot cocoa before.


Yeah, we still got a long rest.


Oh no. 20! Natural 20! And all I needed was fried chicken! (laughter)


Is this still considered the Underdark?


Oh, that's the baby?


Okay. Have people been killed?


Good, we'll do that.


Are we knocking properly or are we just going to Invisibility in and see who's in there?


Sorry. What was--?


Oh, we're looking up something.


Yeah, I need bolts. Bolts.


There should not, which is why if we find them outside this castle, it's taken care of, one way or another.


I've got three for the party, it's not for me. I have none for myself.


How long does Protection Against Poison last? Oh, it's only an hour, okay, so no, I don't want to cast it yet.


Sure, you're very good at that now because of my gift to you.


Two-- four. Let's shoot two of them right now, right, three of them?


No fear!


I'm going to pull up my cloak and slowly start crossing.


First one is (counting) 15?


Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north, in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest, and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river, and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot)


Is it emitting light? Is it like an orc?


That is a story for another day and another drink. What did you see? God, I don't know what that looked like from the other end of things. MATT "Well, it all went belly up two years ago. You told us to scatter and vanish if it didn't-- if things went wrong and wait until you returned. We buried your ass in the woods outside of the hideout, I mean-- "


You have a broom. I have a rope.


I want the terrain to look exactly like what it is, but I just wanna stretch it out a little bit, so it looks like they've got, like, an extra running space.


That name sounds familiar, though.


Oh, I forgot to give you your award of excellence. It's from Jurassic World.


He doesn’t see us.


I tried to stab a dragon. I swear, I tried.


Why this?


Hey, you never told us what he whispered to you before.


This show is not good for my blood pressure.


I'll grab them all!


I don't want either of you to have it.


So let's break 420. The last announcement, guys, is just a real quick community announcement. We like to pride ourselves at Geek & Sundry for being a very open and loving and warm community, and that's absolutely the most important thing to us and to Felicia and to a lot of our viewers, and I know last week things got a little heated in the chat room, and we just want to remind everyone that we don't get the opportunity to talk to you much during the show, but we want to make sure you guys stay as positive as possible or I will have to throw the hammer down on you.


She doesn't sing every night, you know, so if we miss it, we might miss it for a while.


Wait, Uten.


Did we turn it on its head for you?


55 feet. I can go 120 in one action, so that's my movement.


Remember when I brought you back from the dead? Remember that? Remember that?


They're working things out, just let it happen.


-- can I look in one of the tunnels and see if I find tracks? If I do, can we go that way?


Scholars, the lot. You're going to pay for that later, by the way.


Okay. Plus eight is 13, 17, 27!


And that relief is in the middle of two crossbeams? So you couldn't push the crossbeams over and lay it down flat?


Come on, multiclassing into that rogue now.


We didn't really specify.


No, I don't believe so. I did tell Molly before we were taken about a crewmate of mine named Sabian. He was the one that ambushed the ship, that caused the explosion that threw me overboard. The one that probably sent Vandren to his fate. After I woke up on the shore afterwards, I found the sword and I wasn't quite sure where I was. I found a road and managed to hitch a ride back towards Port Damali, and when I got there I went to Vandren's storehouse, and I planned to go through his things. I was more high up on the crew than Sabian was, but his place had been ransacked. Gone through. Torn through. There was a local butcher next door that I walked into, and he had said that he was glad to see at least one other of us, that no one else had returned. I said: Who was the other one? He had said Sabian. So I feel like he somehow survived. He knows what happened, why it happened. I can't bear the thought of something happening to me because I'm pursuing this. And I summon the sword.


Has everybody realized, they want to burn things into us?


That's 14.


I would not like to.


We do. That's very nice of you, thank you. What did I do to deserve this?


Well, all right, but I think each and every one of you is unique in your own way and you should really appreciate it!


Oh my god, do you really have hand herpes? (laughter)


Whoo.


Well, wait. Is he within ten feet of Grog, would you say? His foot?


It was crazy!


I think we need to find a place to lay low. Not here, not where we've been. Somewhere else. I think we need to scope out another place.


And I was going to shoot at the other one.


I look around. I'm going to run through into that smaller room, on the other side.


Can I-- do I see them?


Cemetery tea.


I go up to Vax. Does he still have the brooch on?


Yeah, is that the same as Giant?


Yeah. The bodies weren't feeding the thing. She was trying to imbue them with--


Don't break it.


That's right. (gasps) Hey Ashley!


Oh wait no, it is Sneak Attack, right? Thanks. 12, 25, 27, 33, 35, 42, plus psychic damage from that, 42, so 45.


I love you, Trinket!


It does.


Demistrik! If you excuse me for a just-- while you look, I'll just talk to my imp. You'll pardon us. (whispering) A word, Demistrik?


Mr. Fjord, what do you think of that?


Let's all just run forward and charge over the ridge.


So we should go there.


Well, backup plan, I can go in as dead Reginald.


Don't-- how about don't tell Keyleth?


Copy that.


On the outside. I choose the side, so clearly I'm not going to burn us.


It's one big fatty spell.


Deep meaning.


She's mad.


Can we try to pull it out?


Is it essentially us and the captain?


How much for the lot?


I hate that direction.


I will write you a check and I will guarantee it with the name Taryon Darrington.


Look at that! A modifier of zero. 18. I have darkvision because of the belt.


My cutting words are, "Your lower intestine smells like shit!" (laughter)


Oh! You're welcome. You deserved it so much! You did so good!


I saw you. I thought you weren't trying to hide.


Why shouldn't we just wait for it all to blow over? We didn't do anything.


Is this-- "The fountain feeds the garden." Maybe this isn't the garden that they were talking about.


Right on time.


This gets the d4?


I was about-- nope, nevermind.


Yep. That one.


Yeah, can I just run and push?


Sure, you might need me to heal you.


Undead orbs.


That did sound insincere.


You have to go in this door and I'm going to talk into your ear. I'm going to hold Keg's shoulder and I am going to talk into your ear and tell you which way to go to get you to the trapdoor. Okay, and you have to be very quiet.


Wait.


No, she's got to stay!


It's risky.


Fuck. Should we go up and talk to that guy?


Since I can't reach Kevdak, I'm going to send over a Spiritual Weapon.


You're appropriate for Scanlan.


All right. Keyleth is adjacent to me, right? On the ground?


And I can speak its language.


Yes, I do. You're a ranger.


Yeah, sorry, it's odd for me. I will rip off my last remaining potion patch on the robe, which has four small healing potions.


"Downward suction thing." (laughter)


I would like to go to the top where the Core Anvil is and start pulling up each of the tools that are hanging by the four chains.


Oh, you haven’t heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter and joined Dr. Dranzel’s Spectacular Traveling Troupe where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he’s never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he’ll support his allies, but rarely draws blood unless it’s to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


All right, push the water, Wall of Stone (boom).


(slurred) Happy hour is right now in Whitestone. Just saying.


You have that guy? But this guy was the runner, I thought.


Lot of people come through town?


Can I check for traps while they're talking?


Pressure's on, dude, pressure's on!


So anyway.


Those things-- those fucking things!


Shit, are you fucking serious right now?


This is totally going to work.


I'm going to have tons.


Noja, were there any hidden compartments or secret safes where you kept the good stuff?


I could make you look like an orc or something.


Let's make this happen.


Ja, there is one down there right now and he tried to kill my cat.


400. I think it was 400, yeah.


He's still looking nervous.


Oh, there's no getting away from this. (laughter) (Oohs and ahs)


It's the most fun ever!


Man, we should have brought Tary.


Oh. Wait. (all laugh)


Farts.


Was that 30 feet above us? Is there any space between the ceiling and the container?


Is it the alpha style with the black border?


Well, that's anywhere.


I stealthily take my bag of coin and slide it into his back pocket, and I pat it and say: I got you some book money.


A thousand years of D&D!


Well I'm piggybacking him, just now. I'm literally just piggybacking Tiberius waiting.


I may join you two for this as well.


You've got to laugh.


But we just need a sliver of one.


Okay, then I give my dice to Vax.


He can stay here and keep watch, but if they ask him anything, he will be--


They died.


Okay, so we need two extra horses.


Then we go up there and then find out where the Richter lives and then pitch our really ill-thought out plan to them. This is going to be great.


The gnomes. We're slow.


So you like who you are better without us?


And I'll add the 150 to our party funds. Because I'm generous.


You look very handsome in that beard.


Doty, go ahead and speak.


Did you say the sand is made of pearls?


I can talk, but I can't hear anything when I'm doing this.


Don't stab the troll, it's poisonous! It will hurt you.


Yeah, what I was trying to do for us?


26 is great.


I shake it a lot.


Yeah, we've already done this once, you guys, let's not be crazy.


We'll see you later.


Oopeck.


Grog remembers that. (laughter)


What if we went to the temple and then headed back? No dilly-dallying, we just go and make sure that everything's okay.


Trinket's out.


Yeah. I can do that at will.


Do I still have advantage?


Yes. They're not exclusive.


Am I in the circle of what I know-- Pike?


That's so terrible.


Nobody is in the workshop yet.


Why, thank you. Take a bow, take a bow.


It's fine. 18.


Refresh it.


That's fine. (bling)


(French accent) Which ones are those? (laughter)


I've got the angels. I'm walking back out. Right?


It's a slightly raised platform, that's-- Grog, can you help? Can you do anything, can you see any further than me?


(singing) You're a hustler, baby!


This ship? About a week.


Was your informant by chance named Simon?


Gonna wing it.


I love them. So much hair!


I have a potion.


(sighs) No. I hadn't considered that terrifying thought, but thanks. I'll just add that to the fucking list.


Oh, I'm terrible in urban areas. I've learned this. I get flustered.


Stay up top as long as possible?


Have we been to the Alcove yet?


He knows us, Grog.


Traveler is my co-pilot.


Why not? New experiences, right? Whatever it takes to achieve the mission.


(sighs) Do we heal, or do we get this guy?


Senokir, how large is the forge?


But the ring, man! We just got the ring!


He's almost dead, he's almost dead.


How do you play Dungeons and Dragons?


Coming up next -


Can't they see through that?


Well, we're going to put a marker in it and let Westruun know that this is their gold and then we'll send them up--


I'm going to have a tiny bit of conversation with her.


Can I fly and pick up Brother Kash, as an eagle, and try and fly and drag him to the shore?


Wait, plus my spell caster--


It doesn't matter, it already happened.


Wait, two, four, six or something? Okay.


Oh, so, 20. 20 points of healing for whoever would like it.


Who can I carry?


Sure. I'm so glad you put it that way. You're a good man, Fjord, so be careful, because I imagine it's a little out of character being honest and truthful with somebody in a deceptive way. It can muddle a good man up whereas it doesn't muddle a bad man up.


I'm going to do a Commune With Nature spell. Do we have any other questions, before I do this, that we want to ask the land?


Then I can teleport how far?


Yeah, manure. Crap, it means crap. It's pretty on brand for us, honestly.


Hey! Try and Polymorph me!


I will use my movement first. I want to get as close as I can, which is 15 feet-- or, no, you said the closer we get?


Well, there it is. That's what we're looking for.


We've fought one of these before, right?


I rolled a 15 and a 20. That would be a 30.


Let's flip a coin.


Oh shit. (laughter)


But we thought it best to lay low and they went on.


Very quietly down the tunnel.


Well, you know, this is very fascinating, but I have some errands to run. Nott, would you like to run errands with me? We are totally coming back and not leaving on our own undercover.


Okay, so Grog.


"Reading."


Yes, it's implying that someone has died. And no one has. So, you know.


I didn't get to give him his birthday present last week, and now I do get to.


No, it's a totally different Scott White.


Okay. I'm Ed Harris, sinking down and down and down.


This week's episode brought to you by Bausch & Lomb.


I had an old card that was the necklace that gave +1 to attack and damage while--


It was because of Emon.


This is awesome!


I spend the next 11 minutes, I pull out the book, unholster it and start doing a ritual cast, ja?


Is that pretty heavy duty?


Fuck you, I know what I'm doing.


That's exactly what was happening.


For a gold a day?


That's what she's going to do.


Up there, yeah. I'll scamper up next to him.


Was she really tall? Do you know if she was tall?


Of course she is! Everyone is! (all laugh)


Frumpkin climbs up into the rafters with a view of the gentleman's cards.


Do we know how to activate it?


That's right. Oh, good god.


I have Heal, I have one 6th-level.


Aye.


(whispers) Okay, I want some of that, too.


Oh, really? 18 hit? Okay. Shit. 36. 36 points of damage.


No, it's really quite painless. It's pretty cool.


No, no! Do not! Do not be influenced by his very generous act of kindness! That was so kind of you!


Budding.


Yeah, I need to rest, I'm exhausted.


Is she going to go for him?


But, I mean, am I watching this?


No, that was me, I did that.


It's not sweat. I think it's--


That's it, I'm out.


I'm not going to pray over this money!


No interest of getting anywhere near that.


You want to draw one?


Okay, what else were you going to say?


That's a strength save against, I believe, 18.


Those are the only options there? [laughter]


It sure is.


Wait a minute. How do you plan on getting back across the rivers?


I still get a bonus action, he gets to attack and I get to attack.


I slowly pull the sheet up--


There's the Feed & Mead Tavern, there's Broad Barn, there's Crate and Barrel.


That didn't go well.


You're half gnome and half minotaur.


You're not wrong.


Did we get half of it, even?


Did it trip my Detect Magic sense at all?


Well, fingers crossed.


Nothing dangerous?


And in rock speak, I say, "Grog it's okay. It's Keyleth"


(laughing) I do encourage... Nope. Okay. I am a trained comedian. That is not a thing.


Hooking.


The Tanglefoot was basically like a wire thing. Yeah, it was a bolo arrow. That's how it-- That was how I originally pitched it, was a bolo arrow.


It was a very powerful sword, but perhaps it's worth a check. How do we get there? We'll have to talk to Keyleth about it.


Wait, how come it was 300? Oh, it's not the same worth, it's the coin.


Do you have special blood?


I'll join you. Two.


Well, you're a countessa know, I understand, that's what you are.


Seems like there's a lot of guards there.


Okay, so I get two.


All last night, "we need diamonds." Huge discussion. Took forever.


We buy pastries for Jester.


We killed all the dragons.


You all can stay. It's been a while.


Is that an experience?


(cheering)


Okay, he's going to do that. Oh wait, no. One is going to be bite and one is going to be claws.


I look at the twins, and I say "Lodestone! There-ish!"


And with my bonus action, I will set Hexblade's Curse on that blue dragon.


Wait, Vax. What was my role in this?


You've been truthful with us so far, correct? You haven't been fudging around or playing games with us, really, have you?


We're trying to go through an outward jet to this caved-in air pocket.


I'm saying this quietly. I don't want Grog to realize we're doing this. He has a thing for Craven Edge.


She's a nervous laugher. (laughter)


I know, it'd be a close grip.


That's true, but it's irrelevant. What the fuck are you talking about?


A great idea indeed. And thankfully there was no flesh-to-flesh contact.


I'll help you research those.


Algar's got a control mechanism, I think.


Man, we caught the last show, you guys!


I could be a cloud, but I'm gonna blow a 7th-level spell for it.


We have it.


Ugh. Why would he take the shit out and then lock it and put it back under the bed? What a douche.


I know. I'll take, though. It's worth the gamble.


It's okay. See?


Can I talk to Trinket? Can I understand Trinket?


They say that solitaire is the game for the death-obsessed. There's inevitability to every hand, most of them are doomed from the start no matter what you do. Any interest to buck fate and try your hand at an opponent for once? No money, just friendly. I slide the rest of my whiskey over.


And last, but certainly not least--


(chanting) Break the tank! Break the tank!


That's an attack right there.


That was amazing. That was brutal. We didn't have a fucking chance.


Okay, so it's proficiency bonus, dex roll. Ooh, 28!


Then for my attack-- hmm?


Why did we--


No! We're all going to die!


That's true. but what do you know what is in Draconia?


Yeah, yeah, because I'm like holding them up.


And Laura and I are in this really cool game called Lone Echo by Ready at Dawn.


That's your specialty.


What are you studying at Harvard?


Does Vecna have to speak to cast Banishment?


Your hair is so white. You're like Steve Martin without the ukulele. I'm just so turned on by you.


So the 15 is-- That's 14 piercing damage to the first one with a silvered sword.


It's a thing you've been working on?


Yes, let's move around that bit right there. And I'd like to cast Cone of Cold. I might unfortunately have to take out Fatty, but--


Yeah, I can try it.


That's just not appropriate.


Everything's outside? Shit. I need that shit.


I think she's only interested in the one creature, so she's only interested in this type of eye. I don't even want to start to think about the onyx eyes or the ivory eyes.


Oh, awesome!


I go, 'Sup! (pow) (laughter)


You know what-- wait, wait, if I may. When I was there, I saw the main general control all of them instantly, when he was about to make a sacrifice, or feed, or whatever he was doing. No offense. He instantly had all of their command. If we could somehow get to him, and cut off that connection, distract him, influence him somehow to command them to all jump in the lake, for instance. That would get rid of a lot of them all at once.


You created a temple for me. You know who I serve.


You're going to have to kill some time, I'm sure.


I don't think you cast it on me, did you?


But we're in pitch black here, and we can't really see what's going on. I think we need--


I saw Tary.


I'll ask him. Would you like us to leave the axe in or take it out?


Some sandals.


I'm going to tell my beetles to keep munching on that guy who's on the ground.


They're believers.


Yes, Aberny. If we're saying your name wrong, I will say it right next week. I'm sorry. But you're awesome.


I'll say that they're 20 feet ahead of us and 20 feet behind.


I mean, if you want.


But you've heard rumors, though?


Eyebite.


How far did the blast go that you saw?


And eyes. Let's go buy some potions.


The Greyspine Manor, with our cask of fancy ale/wine.


Well now we know something.


It looks like there's some tracks here, but I don't know what it's saying.


Not us. Not the possessed ones, right?


Thank you. It's programmable.


Is this practically like a little bowl now, or did it split?


I personally would assume that Tiberius would either be on his way to one of the two cities, if he were so inclined. And if he had survived. And if he wasn't working in the city itself to keep it functioning.


Got to get you up there, man.


Unlikely, but it could be a chimney.


Doesn't hit.


Percival, you don't really have a choice in the matter. My sister and I know a little piece of your pain. I'm not going to get into it, but there's nothing she and I can do. We can find reparations for you. We will.


(squawks three times)


(tiredly) No, you're not.


All right. Please deposit her on the other side. Over the wall.


It's all you could do.


It's a matter of security.


Sometimes I carry it in my armpit to keep it warm. You don't need to know about that.


So I'm going to go around here. Oh, I don't know, can I have--


My name was in a press release. Laura will play some confident kickass someone or other. Like you do.


That's an 18?


That would be really cool.


Oh, cool.


That's a little better. Oh, yeah, it's good. That's 15. You know, for level three. Fünfzehn.


The other gun.


Did I use up all my movement?


We should probably re-announce the art book that we're making. There's an art book that's happening. It's going to hit in the fall, at some point. It's amazing. We've seen it. We've held an approximation of it.


In the fog I somersault over some random dwarf and pull out my dagger, but turn it around in my hand and whack Balgus in the back of the head as hard as I can, just to try and knock him out.


We need to focus on the bow. And it's really hard to say that, but I really--


I say we send Rissa to go talk to them.


And her husband Merkin.


That would suck so much.


Oh my god. I'm going to climb. Can I stand up and climb on top of the-- he doesn't have an attack of opportunity against me. Where he is right now?


Is this Tal'Dorei?


This is why I was trying to keep it on the down-low.


And they all have disadvantage.


I have a question. How similar do hyena ears look to gnoll ears?


I'm listening.


Wow. That's a lot.


But you're the most interesting man in the world!


I hate the color yellow.


Oh, it was 30,000 gold, plus all the extras for the scalps that we acquired.


It's going to be so great.


As I see her, I turn to greet, but I want to give Vax a little pinch on the butt. A little friendly pinch.


Do you have a diamond that's worth 300 gold?


That's a very nice sling thing. It'd be a shame if anything happened to it. Are you sure you're not coming?


Damn it! Sorry.


I am so very proud of you, and so grateful for everything you gave to me. You are going to be a strong leader and a wise leader.


Can I get my hair washed in one of those?


Were you an accomplice in this fucking thing?


Just lording that rap battle over me. Okay, that's fine.


It was cold? That was awesome.


(whispers) They're going to die.


Sweet, this is my first. What happens to me? Do I die on the spot?


16. Well, actually my strength is still thin because I still have a--


Is she leaving or coming?


I don't know. As someone who is constantly questioning mine, I don't think I'm the right person to ask. But I do know one thing-- and I grab his hands-- you were amazing and talented and special way before she found you. If anything, we can call her a god. We can also call her a great opportunist. She didn't give you anything special. The Vax that I see before me right now is no different than the Vax that I saw before me ten minutes ago. I'm not saying that what you experienced wasn't real and true. I believe you whole-heartedly.


Yeenoghu.


It tried to run.


Piggyback?


By the way, excellent note-taking and keeping track of what's been in the bag of holding.


If I'm dead, then I'm afraid none of you will survive.


Arkhan, we're going to handle the small. Right after, you'll handle the tall.


That had nothing to do with stealth. That had straight only to do with dexterity, which is not my strong suit.


I would say leave me in that motherfucker.


(laughs) Grog!


I'm floating behind him on a broom.


Oh, maybe he's okay.


And he had a cool hat.


Yay! Who all came back?


(singing) Hey, big spender!


Can I do a general sense of smell for the whole area and see if I smell anything coming from any of these prisons?


I couldn't find Travis anywhere.


We're at wartime. The people can live underground. For now.


Tonight, tomorrow, tit for tat. Whatever.


That's horrible for Percy. You've wanted to go your whole fucking life!


Burning grit.


But you don't need to give us money.


And then... am I able to also, at this point, see if I can channel divinity?


Tomorrow we can stealth in and get some intel.


Yes, let's learn it from you.


Just chilling. I'm having trouble staying awake.


I'll sketch something with my copious free time.


I would like to perception check the leather hat.


I think that's come up.


I think that's very reasonable.


Let's see if-- Okay, no. I'll take that 18. That first strike is 12 damage with my staff.


A little warning next time would be great.


No, she misspoke.


Can I tuck right here? God, I'm shaking. Yeah, right behind that door.


So casual, that's a good--


Ooh, he's so ugly!


So there's a stunned one behind me? A stunned one on one side of me and a not-stunned one on the other.


Well, couple of things. Grog and I were keeping watch. I forget, one of us was on the first floor and one's on the second. I'm just going to say that I was on the second for now. Because I can't remember. It's probably wrong. I'm going to take all daggers out of my Blinkback Belt except for the Keen Dagger and replace them with wooden stakes that I purchased. And I'm going to spend an hour or so, whatever it takes to-- I've got partial gloves on; I'm going to take that symbol of Sarenrae and I'm going to take as much time as it needs to sew it so that it is fixed firmly to the back of my right hand. I tell Grog that I'm going to go down below and check, and I follow the path all the way down to find-- I think everyone else is down there.


They're dry. Okay.


So symmetrical.


Saw a lot of fucking people just die on the top of that tower. I can't guarantee it, but I think it's a safe bet that your girl Delilah is up there.


That's a 17 which doesn't hit.


How fantastic.


Yes. He can jump really far, I know.


Oh, just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in.


It's all right, you did very well. How do you feel? Do you feel all right?


Can you cast Fly on Trinket and ride him? I'll ride him, if somebody casts Fly on him.


Jester and Molly, you have not tried yet.


Wait. As that happens, and as my consciousness fades away, I don't say anything, but here's what I think in a split-second. I think of my friends that I have spent so much time with. I think of Keyleth, beautiful, walking under the trees. I think of my twin sister as a young girl, folding up linens with our mother. I think of my sister as an adolescent in lessons, smarter than me. I think of the woman she grew into. Hiking over many, many, many miles together. My best friend. My best friend, Vex'ahlia. And before I can think no more, I say a prayer to Sarenrae to watch over my friends and keep them safe.


I've got a mask for this. I'm going to put on the mask.


You're going to lose experience points for this.


I would like to. There's nine plus psychic damage is 16 plus-- 20, 26, and here comes the sneak attack damage, 26, 27, 29, 30, 33, 37, 43, 47.


Pike then Grog?


Well, I mean, he did go around to a bunch of people. That was a lot of work on his part. I would hate to make him go back to all of those people and give it back to each individual person.


I mean, if you want to. I don't know how long it's been since he's seen a she-wolf, so, you know.


I don't think we want to tangle with this. What are we trying to prove? Let's just keep trucking.


(loud whisper) 7,000!


I understand. I think we're good. We can go.


It's next week. If we get 1,000 by next week, we'll do a Q&A.


(cooing) More specific!


And we don't know who's casting that, we don't know where that's coming from.


This is the worst pub crawl ever! This took two hours?


I hear there is an ancient button factory at the bottom of the waters--


Awesome, great. Two of us, one each take, tie them up in rope--


I hope I have its attention.


You don't have a lot of money, then?


Oh. I just thought of the Disney movie and I think I spaced out there.


I'm not disappointed!


Okay. I was at the bow of the boat, and I was trying to connect with the Stormlord. I don't know. I ended up getting a vision.


But that's good to know.


Yeah, I bought a kit. I've been trying to do it for a while, but we've never stopped.


I would not like to take a short rest.


(gulps) I take a big breath and swim down to where the giant shark is. Can I also perception check?


Gonna have a really hard time explaining that to my ancestors.


I hold them. And if you want, I can stand right next to you guys. You can keep your eye on me the whole time.


Have you been in contact? Have you attempted to scry, or do a Locate Object spell on anything that you've thrown in? Probably?


I'm going to listen into those doors.


We're going to get close enough so that they can do their 500 feet distance. But keep a distance to the tower.


It could be worse. 14.


And we're-- Yeah. Yeah. (all laugh)


I don't know. They're very clever. I was sneaking all the way down and they still discovered me. I don't know how.


I don't know. I died.


Write it out, bitch!


(hissing sound) I pull the moisture out of the air and it forms frost all over me.


Is everybody a greedy fuck in this game and we just keep whatever?


I duck down, I turn to the rest of the group, and I say: (whispering) Snake. Four of them. Shields. Weapons.


Like marble, or?


You go to sleep. I'm going to stay up for a little bit because I'm fine.


Roll the dice! (singing) The adventure begins, they were always beside you, your nerdy best friends, and the DM to guide you. And they rise from the flames for the battles ahead. Villains beware 'cause you're 'bout to be dead.


Yeah! I thought I was crazy, but apparently your sister saw her face, because we all saw her face!


It's a what? I rolled a three.


I don't think it's supposed to make that noise.


Well, we'll find out real quick.


Yeah, let's do that. There's a campfire over there that Yasha and I made with the oil and the torch that we threw. It's already done. Let's go sit by that.


You know, we don't have the weight of the world crushing us at the moment, so I feel like that might have something to do with it, yeah.


Or I could just put my hands behind my back.


Are we day drinking?


And one, do we know where it is?


And she's unconscious?


Thank you, Uncle Ogden.


That's what I thought, yeah. In the eight hour one that's like, crazy.


(laughs) Vax pours a drink.


Are you my brother? Are you my brother? (all laugh)


What was that URL again?


Bonne chance! Vive la résistance!


Do you genuinely think they're going to let us go with permission? We're not on their good side.


I start working on Leomund's Tiny Hut. It's going to take some time.


Ten points to Gryffindor, fuck.


Oh, this one is a throwing one?


Oh, we have that low-light version! We have the red-light version of it.


Get used to it.


As he's doing that, I get 18 trying to see what's up.


Fucking -


Two ones!


So! What'd you make?


At first he was like, "Oh, I've got something for you."


And then I stealth for 21 points of stealth.


(laughs) Save game plus.


Would you like to walk with us? We're going for a little morning stroll.


Fucked up, yeah. Meteorite wins everything.


Was he talking to the lemures, or to us?


That's like Super Nintendo lingo. Can I have half a boar meat?


Is there dim light down there?


I don't know, what language is it?!


I send Frumpkin through the chamber and down and starts battering into the walls here.


There is a deep, deep sigh in the room, and then Caleb descends into the hole.


He did. He did question her allegiances.


Laser. I'm going to take my laser.


I have really terrible handwriting, so... So I wrote these myself and I'm supposed to read them and...


Guys, thanks for coming to the show.


She did.


Okay, you know what? Don't worry about it, let's go. Let's just Plane Shift.


Come on, baby. That's not great. Nine.


And we're going to do that over here a little bit.


Or maybe our staff.


Nice lampshade.


And when you see me, run towards me and follow me.


Lovely. We're from out of town--


We wait to see if the pit fiend shows himself.


Have you slain?


I think that's the right order. I don't understand any of this shit!


We've got to find Larkin though, what do we do about Larkin?


She probably bought those cream puffs and didn't even bake them herself!


But you made it! That's good!


I'm looking. 60!


The big one.


I'm sure they're all as charming as you are.


Yeah, yeah. I carved a pretty little heart on the side of one of the boots just to make it extra girly.


What more do you see?


They have ranged weapons as well.


I yelled it really loud.


The butt flap of my soul is down. I'm well-dressed at the moment.


We're going straight there.


Everyone can come down.


Are you referring to something in particular, Cerkonos?


This is feeling like it's going too far, Nott.


That's so great!


There's no point in rebuilding right now when there's still three other dragons who will only come and go, 'Stomp, stomp, stomp! Dead!'


Yeah, we need to heal up, big time.


No, I got to unstrap them. I'm holding them up--


Just hit it!


Ooh, yeah.


I could also do-- these goliaths, they don't like wyverns. I could be a wyvern.


Well, Scanlan can create a distraction, I can possibly take a few people out with my ranged spells along the way.


No, no, no, you're brilliant, your highness.


I can clear out a bit more space.


Try to break off the part--


You can't joke about that stuff with me!


That thing you hate doing?


He's consulting the book again.


No worries. That's six points of fire damage, and I will now push myself up out of sight, up the stairs a little bit. It's going very well. Shakäste will get to you any second.


We came back up. Oh, shit.


You're going to make Laura cry. Look what you've done.


I go to Gilmore's. Are we near Gilmore's?


They are very capable children.


No, I had one.


He's pushed ten feet back from my position.


We all have potions, right? Did we pass out potions?


Plus, in the morning I can send a message to your mom and dad.


I swear it's-- yeah.


Oh, wow. Would you mind going over to him and just letting him know that the gentleman who bought him the drink would love a moment of his time.


That hits. That is a 28.


All right. I come out of the shadows.


And I just say I knoooow. Um, Vex.


Scanlan and Keyleth combo?


Well, we don't know for sure.


She's a maid Marion.


I'm going to draw that in my journal.


I'm pretty sure I saw carpenter's tools and I was like, who needs that?


Oh this thing?


Just wave it around, like, woo.


Basilisk blood, we can fix it.


15 minutes. Please, Vex, pretty please!


I'm staring at the door waiting for Grog and Taryon.


My dexterity? 15.


Oh good! Excellent!


Three coffees coming right up. I'll be right over. I get three coffees and I head over.


Where are we at? Whose turn is it?


It is our only purpose.


You're making me regret giving this back to you right now. I just want to say. I close it. Please don't make me regret this.


Do you feel any different?


Halved?


Could you give Grog wings?


Look at that fun map.


Okay, just for funsies I will throw my second dagger at the one right in front of Trink.


I know, I'm sorry.


Do your Navy SEAL shit.


So say we all. Yeah.


What's the trap made of?


No. No magic in the city.


Aid is 2nd-level, yeah.


That's very nice, Beau.


She's back, baby! She's back!


Ogden at dinner the other night said that each generation is affected by a blood curse, and he believes it's you in this generation? Because you and JB are in the same age, right? So you're the same generation. So maybe Percy's theory isn't quite wrong.


Yeah, no. Not true, actually. I have never seen--


Actually, you can see us on the screen. Never mind.


I haven't stolen anything in years.


We should find out what that skull does.


It's either really good or really bad.


You are really fucking cool. You know that, don't you?


Are there sapphires all over the walls in here, then?


Wait, what's going on?


I don't know. I have no good options. Nothing. Of course I can save myself, but I'm trying to do more than just save myself.


Oh. How hurt are you, Beau?


Okay. The Sacred Flame is what I meant to say. Dexterity of 15.


(parrot voice) Captain Cupcake!


Oh my god, it's midnight.


So many!


Not that one, that one, or that one. I know what those are.


I'm going to kill something.


Do you want me to do the talking?


Well, in the meantime, while we are looking for them, is there anything that we can do for you or is there anything that you can tell me about your last days here?


I've got an idea. I've got an idea. There is one member of our party who is probably not going to want to go out and see this ridiculousness.


I aim my bow at it.


I'm sorry, Mollymauk, another question for you: Is there maybe-- I hope it is still standing-- but a supply store?


My distance from Caleb, please.


You're wrong!


All right, flank around, flank around. It's going to take me a minute to cast the spell. You have a minute to get into position.


No! That's not how it works.


Do we want to head a couple hours or have this unbelievably safe place. What looks like a very safe place, although-- never mind. We're going to-- terrible things are just going to happen. I'm accepting it, this is going to be a cursed trip. Do we want to stay in the haunted house?


Come on, Beauregard!


It was a doorway, and it opened into a city of sorts and in the middle was an obsidian tower.


Nott and I look for the best elements of cover.


We always know to look.


We've been down there to talk.


Okay. That's a d20, isn't it?


She's more blood than person.


We're gonna--


Sorry, Phil! I'm going to run. Can I catch up to Nott?


(strained) That's pretty good. That's a 30, minus five is 25.


(whispers) No bonus action?


Yeah. Still five of them. I tied it off. Everybody should be able to pull their way across no problem. But we got to be ready to rock when we get in there. They're a little distracted.


It's definitely the troll. I just need someone to light this for me. Or give me a match. Or something, or light something on fire.


Damn it, I was hoping it was Kima!


Ain't I at your camp?


I wait, and then I give myself a this for winning that game of chicken. Yeah! Then I climb the rope.


Okay, (counting) 19.


When we were looking for letters and words and stuff, we ended up breaking her desk and we stole a bunch of jewels--


I can start digging. I start digging through his pockets.


I'm going to examine the skull.


24. 24, that was four-- 24, that's good, so 27, 36, 30-- 42 points of fire damage. (clapping)


They started this war. We're finishing it.


Travis and I will be in Vancouver next weekend. Not this coming weekend, but the weekend after. But we're not going to be here next week, so yeah, should say that.


Oh, you don't want to fuck with this. Are you sure?


And then you'll hold your action?


Aha! Tell me more! (snores) (all laugh)


Yeah, there's no way to know. If you go on the third, then you might be less likely to be seen.


Put it down, or I'll leave you here--


Yes! I would enjoy anything.


-- is 21.


Kind of like a Medusa's gaze thing. You know, where you like look in the reflection.


Good job.


And what happens if you can't Plane Shift out of that house? We probably want to get out of the house and then Plane Shift.


Yeah, pretty sure.


Stealthy memorial!


You're very scary right now, dear.


When I find him I say, you remember my friend Pike? You remember me?


Yes. There's something unnatural over in that direction. We should probably be the ones to investigate.


Yeah, I hope our keep's still there.


How high is the ceiling in that room?


Can I rest? Can I rest while the first round goes?


Yes, yeah, he's like right at the edge.


That's all of the poison damage.


We should call him Al Gore!


Follow us on Twitter, and then help us.


Cold as ice, Mercer.


I can't see anything! Everything's silver! Oh god, I'm blind! I'm just kidding. I can see fine.


Whoa! That's a rad shirt!


Cheez Its?


Yeah, who was allowed to run?


And the tree's alive.


Do they appear to be looking for something? Or are they wandering like a patrol?


It really does. It's not so much the length.


(shocked and impressed exclamations)


Let's just keep this between us.


Oh, weren't you--


Do you want me to join?


I think they're all heirloom tomatoes. There's no such thing.


Portal, motherfucker!


I'm going in. Can I stand over one of the bodies and do a perception check? A medicine check?


No, we're really good.


More food for you guys, which is A+.


Besties. Twinsies.


Disintegrate.


Oh shit, how much--


Beau goes over to Caleb--


It's really possible, Caleb. What if we can never go home?


Yeah, they know what bit.ly is.


I'm not so sure about that, Percy.


Bonus action disengage.


I know. You have every right to. I hope you don't. I don't know how all of them would handle it. Be that as it may, I have something for you.


Oh, he's prone, still.


I have an idea. What if, right when we get close to the tower, all of these trailing skeletons that we have on us, you just Turn Undead? And then you control them all?


He's going to still be there next week, by the way.


Oh yes, that's even better!


Where are we going? What's going on? Oh my gosh. Is Fjord dead?


I'm a stealthy panther right now.


If you had stuck to the plan, you would have gotten two hits, and we're all just as far away as we were before.


Those are seagulls. They are some dickheads. If you leave food out, they'll snake that shit in a second.


Yeah, the dragon that we provoked. So, you know.


Is a shop.


Well, I would like to make a proposition, if everybody would like to take a rest, I know I'm pretty rough right now and maybe we could go see if my great-great grandfather is okay.


Oh, do we have more? I've got one right here.


But you're genuine.


It's like a cloak of AC? No, like resistance?


I got nine, so that brings me to 97.


Because he was a dragon.


Destroy it, Fjord!


We're all watching?


I know. Maybe it won't be for long, but I think I should stay.


It's an evil tome.


I think I know what Fjord did. Hey, Caduceus.


I haven't had a natural 20 in the game.


Because maybe he took it all with him. Maybe he left.


What kind of companionship do you have here available?


We don't need that.


All over the place, really.


Although that greatsword she has is mighty fine.


If Noelle is available.


Four globules of light rise up around you as you begin to shave.


Grab his necklace in case we need another one for some reason.


What, the skull?


Still up?


There's no branding we have to worry about?


You can do this Keyleth! You can do this!


Oh, okay, hold on then.


They all look the same when they're minis.


She's inside the temple.


Ask for Bloody Marys. Bloody Marys.


Holy shit. 6d10?


Chat room should start pressuring these guys to all do one.


Sorry, Captain? How close are we to our destination? This could be Vesrah.


She's a loner?


All right. Mansion. Enjoy yourselves.


No, do it.


Okay, I'm going to use my stone's endurance to get rid of that stank.


You go, "fuck you!"


I don't have any wizards. Well, I have one wizard, but--


Fjord. Here, 20 gold.


I will take off my mask and start attacking Caleb in a convincing fashion. Not to draw blood but-- yeah.


Yeah, I'm more concerned about the waves. You have experience with this? Diving?


We know they go down very quickly.


Would we know that?


Where do you find such things?


Well, after I saw my glorious Trinket yesterday, there was no choice really.


Are you feeling nauseous?


All right. So the guards will take us down?


Do I get an up to my hit points at level 11? Do I get to roll more hit points at level 11?


I could summon two more eagles.


I'm Beau number two!


Love you.


Oh, bloodroot, that's good.


I mean, that's about as much as I have now. It's so stupid, though!


The Little Sapphire. That's my pirate name.


Halved to seven.


It's a 15 with advantage.


While he's counting this out, is there anyone else in the store? Anyone at all?


Yeah. Let's do that. (laughter)


I maintain concentration.


Is that temporary? Is that going to last?


I also want to scan their entourage to see if I recognize any faces.


Birds don't like cats.


You should, it's amazing!


I'm going to go fuck a ghost!


I will watch with him.


We jump onto the carpet!


I'm going to do a reroll.


Oh, sorry. Vax and--


I don't have any dreams at night, you guys. Is that worrisome?


First of all, it's so great to be back!


Showing him the equipment.


Oh, you really should've taken that potion beforehand.


To that troll who just hit me. I was backing away.


Okay, I'm obviously just a little bit jealous, but I don't want to take you away from your reading time.


You're not allowed to say?


We have to get to the top. This thing is too big. I don't think my Earthquake will do enough.


Yeah. It seems like they're into meat? Kind of anything.


We were living Tolkien and now we've suddenly shifted into Game of Thrones. It got very dark, very random, very quickly.


I would say that makes you and I even. You've been acting all kinds of fucked-up for a while now, and I know you don't want to disappoint her, your best friend. Something's going on with you, and it's time to talk about it. You're talking to yourself, you're talking to your own asshole. You're talking to that fucking sword, you're talking to trinkets we're picking up in houses. What is going on?


Yes! Of narcissism!


This is really creepy because it's brother and sister talking to each other right now. It looks like Percival and Cassandra.


Wait! Does the stone make any sound or light?


Oh, of course he is.


We should've gone down! What were we thinking?


Yes. Three, you said?


I really don't, I have no idea.


Can I shake the jug?


Tell me it's not over.


That's it?! Four gold! Do you know how much she wanted to charge me before? I'm going to leave it though, because I am walking away. I'm at the front desk.


How tall was the lizard man? Devil toad?


She's just beautiful.


Is she an emperor now?


What, they can't take it?


Ooh, what are all these things, Molly?


I'm trying to Bramble Shot him.


I have this cloak that would maybe fit one of your shoulders?


Float in space and do that.


God fucking damn it!


Hit him hard.


We should probably use sunlight on them always, because don't they turn into mist if we don't kill them?


Do you know something? I, shockingly, think that's not a bad idea.


Okay. Do we want to go find that troll guy?


Then never mind that.


Yeah, it's a fairly benign saying. Don't get too lost in it.


I'm just glad I have you all.


We got more magic stuff inside. I know Caleb's meditating, but it's going to get hairy, I bet. Smells a little burnt hair-y.


We can stealth-kill these humans super quick.


Yeah, short, hat, white moustache.


(roars) 19.


Yes, Keyleth?


Is there any moss-snot near Percy and I, in the middle of the hall?


Okay. Next up, who's this?


14, four, and six, altogether.


Which leads us to our next point. Please don't send us bodies.


I feel like molasses would gum up something that's clockwork, right?


And you still have Pass Without a Trace.


Hardwick. Vin Diesel!


Yeah, so I can be close to it. And Clarota? Pike? Do any of you want to help me in this?


Oh, sorry Matt, is there something you'd like to discuss with the table?


Ooh! (all laugh)


Which trick? Oh, the pink-ify?


I think it worked.


Yeah, do we do that now, or do we do that in the morning?


I thought we took the book too.


Well, that seems likely, but we'd have to turn over every stone in la-la land to find it.


Who wants to go first?


I think he was saying something that cute guys sometimes say, those kind of things.


"Quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramounts of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry: one adult white dragon--" One adult white dragon?!


Slightly.


I know. Ooh! Check out the big brain!


Are there any structures around?


Don't roll a one, please don't drop me.


Did we see this big building right here as we walked by? Yeah, that big one.


Oh, that guy there is, yeah. Oh wait, he's attacking my guy?


And I won't throw. I'll slide him on the icy floor towards Lyra.


I will cherish it always.


That's amazing! Lead the way!


Let's do it again. (laughter)


Why don't we turn my pot into a lighthouse, and then you fly me over, and I'll do like, abominable snow man walk.


Safely?


Is it still after her, or has it given up on that ghost?


No, there was a discussion. It's coming.


That seems good, we're good.


We don't know what happened, why are we clapping?


My mental acuity's on point.


Check for traps or?


No. I'm new to town, actually.


Vax, quick check to see if there's anything we care about.


Oh, you can only do it once a day.


I have a thing called Create Food and Water.


So how far is that?


Three of us are not here next week.


Not going to sleep down there.


(laughs) Yeah, Vex!


The eight characters on this side of the table.


We should do this quietly.


He tried to make a book out of someone's flesh once.


Well, you know I'm a monk of the Cobalt Soul. I actually dumped a lot of this on Nott. She asked. We were a little tipsy.


Oh yeah, good idea! But we should reignite these coals, because I think it's bad that they've burned down right now.


You can tell us all about where you're from, actually. Did you leave Marquet a long time ago?


Just to see. No, not a natural 20.


Okay, so while everyone is preparing, I take out my spool of silver thread and I go first to Jester's room, and I stretch the thread across, and a little (magic flitter sound) flashes across and the thread disappears. It takes about ten minutes each time, and I do the same on Fjord's doorway, stretch across (magic flitter sound). If anyone goes in to these doors besides you, I will know, but not when we're on that island. Only on the way there. Lasts about a mile.


Yeah, she did that goblins thing with us.


And a woman, or not.


I'm in front.


I was going to try and grab it. I’m just trying to find my - my dagger seems to have vanished. Yeah, I can’t find my dagger for some reason. My gloves.


Okay. I am starting to sweat! Who sees it? I don't see it!


All right, I know that it's restricted movement, but I will push this way through the crowd so that I have a clearer shot, as far as I can, and then I will re-up with Chromatic Orb.


Is that cat with you?


Family issues? Tell me about it.


So, I'm going to try again.


Ravioli for breakfast? All right.


What the hell was that thing he shot in the sky?


I feel like that goes in the hole.


Stitches.


Sneak attack or no?


Coffee jello?


Not the buttons that we can see. What are these symbols here? I think they're buttons, as well.


But we can still hear you, so keep talking.


We can't fight four dragons. Can we?


Don't! (gasps)


Terrible. Awful. Five.


Make-- make the-- the weird little magnet things happen.


I could get through the gate.


(shouting) Earthquake! Get to the archways! (quieter) Find a bathroom.


Thanks, bud.


Do you think if you go to the Raven Queen's temple, she'll claim you for her own right now?


At the moment.


It is magic?


I tousle his hair. Good job, Keyleth!


I'm going to walk over to Johann and Astra.


I could lend you one of my jackets.


No, I'll make a run. Yes, to the wall.


Well then, you should know that that's not celebration.


Oh wait, it might be higher than that. No.


See, there's an island over on that side.


I'm going to play my own version of Bane. That was terrible.


Yeah, we should head out and bug bomb the place.


Continue. You didn't pass the test.


The baby was created by the chat?!


No, you don't! You do! Four!


53.


Seems to be the most appropriate thing to ask at this point.


Oh. I'll be like, you were so pretty, too.


I have one level of exhaustion, I'm okay.


My face is so red!


I take out Craven Edge, and I'd like to swing twice against him.


Some Treasure Island shit. [applause]


That's your sister, Percy!


Some Tree Bark that Keyleth made.


One small, one medium, one large.


It won't be.


Really quickly, have we looted the body already?


Our guests did? I go storming into the breakfast area. Dr. Dre!


Your friends all rolled with Gil.


Any attacks against you.


Destroying everything in its path for forever.


Do you have a specialty? Do you do clothing, or--


Am I able to take a potion of healing?


That's my thing.


You know I fucking hate those things.


Did you roll good?


Minutes after.


Just let 'em, just let 'em go!


Shut up, Matt. (laughter)


Remember the love in your heart!


What about when you were killed by Raishan?


Well, what if one of us asked her what it does? Like you won't tell us or something.


Okay, well. I don't have a good line of sight on them, so I don't even know that they're there really, right? I just hear coughing in the distance.


Oh! Yes, of course.


Tiberius had it one time. How did we heal him?


Go back and look at the videotape.


Yes. Come up.


Amazing. Matt's crazy prospector character.


A rakshasa.


And then-- okay, wait, hold on. Let me cast that at-- So what do I roll for?


Theo!


Not going to say that ever again.


Because I was, I was still at full--


I'm going to, on that spell, spend another--


Yes. A wise bear.


Top of my turn, I'm going to fart.


Yuto.


I come out with fresh coffee for Percy and Keyleth. What happened?


It's absolutely perfect.


When did you meet each other? You and Jes?


His options are pretty limited, if I recall.


Are we trying to dispel the magic or are we going in the other way? Maybe we should just make a decision.


You guys could hide under the horses or something.


There's nothing that we're going to run across.


Very true. Well, on your way, Yorick. I set it adrift.


This is the first time in this entire goddamn campaign--


I think I'm okay.


Oh, that's fucking rad, dude.


Oh, she's in it!


Ain't it the truth? Man, that Faerie Fire.


Although you can probably hit him with it and not hit Vax.


Where are you at, Arkhan?


Sweet. (laughter)


I don't particularly like small people.


I will stealth. I'm going to stealth.


And that's how Grog was beaten to death by a purse.


Oh, well then it is a 32.


You couldn't see how long his hair was underneath?


Shit! 17.


I'm assuming if it is who I suspect it is, it's Countess Anna Ripley.


I thought you were me giving the signal like, end it!


No, I'm 20 feet away from it.


I technically do, but fuck that.


In passing!


Without the lodes? With the lodes?


Including a Hex?


He can stay with her, we can stop it before she does it.


Yep. It ain't going to eat. It means it's going to pay attention to me and only me.


Why wouldn't any of us trust Gilmore? Or Matthew?


I'll back you up. Me too, me too.


We're in the middle of a battle.


Crikey.


It's out.


Friends. Friends of Stormwinds.


Yeah, I like that.


The happy one is Little Elf Girl--


Earn your life again.


Like a giant werewolf maybe?


Sorry. I've been on a boat for a very long time.


Fucking love this game.


There's no way to cheat.


Hashtag, armored anus. (all laugh)


Are you still running for Congress out there?


I take that fancy box I bought a couple times ago, and I take the blue crystal that we found in our very first adventure and I put it in and I seal it tight. Shit. I had one more thing I wanted to do. Oh yes, I drink my Shit-Scrying Potion, shit in a jar and leave it in the kitchen. And tell the help, don't touch it.


I got acrobatics, insight, deception, sleight of hand.


I take people at their word.


Caleb will come invisibly down, but not leave the stairs. He will stay on the stairs.


The guy we just gave the papers to?


Yeah, nope, no-- I'm pushing aside. I'm going to try the weight.


So someone's going into the tree.


We are very close. She is a dear friend of mine, but she told me of you. I know you have your own troubles. I would not drag you into mine.


All right, I'll sneak over to that side so I can see it, and I'm going to put just my hand outside of the area of the hut.


Why are you rolling before the show?


Okay, that's right. That was early on. Wow.


One firbolg each.


Whitestone saw the fire.


No no no, the one furthest from me.


The rogue blew it.


Too late.


That'll do. 23. Yeah, 24 actually. 24!


That I'm cool with. Percy, how much do you want people to see the de Rolo family crest? How much do you want people to know of your presence here? Do you want a big proclamation? Because I might have that.


Yeah, let's just go with, and see where it leads.


Is she still with one of the--?


Okay, I wrap my head around it-- with it, I should say. So you can't really see my face.


Seriously Matthew?! Come on!


I sprint and I--


Yes! Operation Supply Drop is my charity that we are supporting this November in honor of Veterans Day. OSD is an amazing charity. They've helped over 750,000 members of the military community. In active service, in their transition back to civilian life, they help the families of the people that have served. These guys are so great. They have skill fairs, they help people with job training, resumes, anything that'll take them from being a military back into the real world. To me, it's so personal. My family has been in the military for, oh god, decades. So if you can, share with your friends and family, give a little love. Everything you need to know about the charity, or just donate, is at critrole.com/osd.


Oh, buddy. 15?


I'm being stealthy.


I look forward to this very, very much. I noticed, as we were leaving your quarters, that beautiful iron piece above your doorway. A snake circling back upon itself, the eye in the middle, but it seemed there were small eyes all around the body of the snake.


Animal handling.


Ja. Eh, it's not that great. It's a 16.


It won't fit in my folder.


Terrible!


Shady Debaters? That's all I care about now.


Man, I did the math on what that could have done.


Small, natural. So not Bilbo Baggins.


Do you have one little wing back there, too?


See? The accent, it makes me smarter.


Just in case, I'm going to light my other sword too.


Guys, the conclusion of the epic series Shades of Magic, A Conjuring of Light, was just released, so go pick it up. It's put out by Tor books, a leading publisher of science fiction and fantasy for over three decades.


Girl!


Man! That would have been-- that's impossible!


Can I insight the seeker?


It's now just a very pretty rug.


We have the night to sleep and we leave at dawn.


Hi. I am Keyleth of the Ashari druids. Sorry. I was curious if I could ask you a few questions and just take a moment of your time, which I'm sure is very valuable.


Okay, let's do this.


I trust that you'll tell me everything you know, but I'm not sure you even know everything you know.


I’m glad.


It's the game show host problem.


Okay, got it. I fire and nothing happens.


I'm happy just to leave the city.


No coffee for me, thank you.


(laughing) Yeah, no joke.


What stories did your mom tell you about your dad?


Eight! I consistently botch this roll.


Oh that's smart, okay.


It's usually to the left, but whatever.


Go take that game in the other room, why don't you?


Is there a cellar here?


Yeah. Anything ranged.


Myself. My other hand.


Nine. Eight.


We will.


Big enough for at least Grog to marine belly through?


Berthold?


Well, what, can you go in looking like me, or can you go in looking like me on fire?


(laughs) I want a bruise.


The boys all die. The girls go to glory.


No. I'll try. Paper hat!


Behind those rocks right there?


Is it moving?


We're doing it live! Can I have one slice of breakfast pizza?


One. Also, we're being very quiet because we don't want to be heard, but while we're in here, Frumpkin, over a period of ten or 15 minutes, you see this, goes (pitter-patting) along the ground and hops onto Avantika's boot.


No, they fucking shut me out.


You can Message Caleb.


I grab and push you down into the ground and hold you. (shushing sounds) Not yet.


How can you even aim like that, Scanlan?


Poo.


We're not criminals! We're not! Me and Caleb were just travelling ever since we broke out of that-- Nothing!


So you came with us because we thought we were a sign?


Cassandra de Rolo.


Hi Percy.


Oh, like, 400,000 gold or something? It was a lot of money. I don't quite... Doty keeps the facts and figures. Doty, can you show me that piece of the book?


His name?


Then I will have no means to communicate with anybody else, but you will.


I hate that he's asking for clarification.


I'm turning into one.


I'm falling asleep.


I take the mug that I have, and I pour the rest of it out on this little one's head and say, you speak when you're spoken to.


Guy's standing up and you're just driving into him with your whole body mass.


I'm going to take just a standard shot with Bad News.


Fallout cavern style. Big, lower, bigger, lower.


Well. They were a little--


Maybe we should back out.


Slam attack. No, I'm going to do a multi attack. Two slam attacks. So 2d8 plus eight, once again. That's an 18 and a 17. Plus eight.


Yeah. I'm sitting on the bed right now.


Yes, I was prom queen at BlizzCon this year.


What do you mean you don't know if you saw your son?


All right, I grab Tiberius by the snout and pull him back, around the edge of that rock. I'm just doing it. Pulling my dagger out.


That was weird.


Did you do your plus ten for the Sharpshooter?


Okay. I'm going to shout out  I think this is the monster! I will nervously fire my hand crossbow at the beast, hoping not to hit any of my friends. 12 plus something? Six. 18.


Did you just want that because it's shiny?


Can't we spell ourselves out there?


I'm going to do that with advantage because I'm in the woods.


It's just a bar that I like to go to. Down at the Asp Hole.


I think. It seems like very similar technology. Magic.


I have a whip! And a forgery kit. (all laugh)


I walk back out of the realm of the thing, pinching my belly fat because apparently Percy thinks I'm a couple pounds heavy.


And then I throw my other hand forward. (all laugh)


Like, you know, they-- What kind of weird? (laughter)


No, I mean my brutal critical. I roll the damage die, an additional--


We’re running to the sewers!


Come. On!


Caleb stops mid-somatic gesture and says, "Ah, fuck this," and goes back to the first door and has a short rest.


Is he within 30 feet of me? No, not 30 feet. Goddamn it.


It's maybe the way out.


I'm going to catch one and (whoosh).


He's a really smart man.


Just jam my staff into its face. Not too bad. 22.


Is that it, or one more?


I can sometimes influence plants. I'm going to try and get them to stop.


I was here in the vision.


We can pay.


There was a bear right on Grog!


I pick up the Pepperbox off the floor to give it to him, and I try to sneak out a bullet.


Ooh, okay.


Did you see a broom lying around anywhere?


Is there a cleric on the island?


Can I get the one that's slit up the back so my tail doesn't--


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough-- (sword slicing) --the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Oh, I did? At the beginning of my turn.


Strange to others.


I have an action and bonus action. Can't I use the bonus action to dash?


That's squid for no.


Or she might not be able to tell because we're so good at lying. (laughter)


What kind of a prank?


If I look around, are there flowers anywhere?


I pull out my dead rabbit's foot that I have. I have this, too! It's something.


Okay. I go by the kitchen and I get a mug of water and some spices. Just some various, simple stuff-- I'd like to sneak into my sister's room. I'd like to check the door for traps.


He's the cutest little thing you will ever see, and I think now he works at--


I think it's fine.


That's a biggie.


I'll ride a horse.


As I'm having my oatmeal and such, I start to cast.


Haud yer wheesht and nick it now or yer fit to be getting skelp, ya herpuin jobbie.


If you sell those 20 shirts.


Can I shove an axe in the lock hole?


Is it the theater?


Hold on. Wait no, hold on. I peek over and Counterspell.


Fuck, okay. Then I'm going to start with pulling out the arrow and doing what Keyleth and I talked about. Hey! I'm pulling out my arrow.


I scoot with Grog.


Oh yeah, Mischa!


I was trolling you, dog.


I'm going to throw up. Sorry this is so late, guys. 15, 16, 17, plus two lightning damage.


And the sausage.


Is that the language they used before the--


Farewell, Pike. I'll miss you.


I go the other way!


How long will that take?


True Polymorph.


I've never heard music. I want to stay back with him. No, I'm kidding, I want to stay. I'm still with her.


Oh my god, there's so many items.


So I guess I'll take the next 30 or 40 seconds, if that's what it takes. I'll focus on one and just keep burning it away.


Yeah, in like less than a year.


For instance, busting through iron bars.


Yup, yup, that hits.


Hair is shiny, eyes are bright.


Let's try reasoning with them. Whoa! That's not bad


Aw. So the lower of those two.


Oh, shit. Going for another one. A nine. Probably not.


You know, she's called the Bottomless Pit. (hiccups)


All right. Because Grog is over me, right?


Just your mouth. Just your mouth. You had two noses.


Perhaps we should tie him up.


What about Fassbender? Is he immune to any damage?


Get some booze, got some books, find a little taste of civilization, maybe some better food.


You hush your mouth.


So creepy.


The sphere weighs one pound, regardless of what is inside of it.


For what's his name?


It was really low.


No, okay.


So I got to look at it?


That would be nice. Yes, please.


I'm gonna fly in the middle between Grog and the carpet, that way my Pass Without A Trace encompasses everybody.


That was exciting.


I'm looking at you while I say it the whole time.


So wait, it's probably Gustav? What makes you say that?


There's a cube.


I like the hashtag #BondageFriends.


Oh, I have fucking plans, people! Swing it over my shoulder, and I'll be walking around like a pike.


No boobies.


You were a runt, Grog?


I'd have been near Fjord, probably.


That's how you roll.


Can I Cutting Words?


I wanted to remember how I used to camp with Vax when we were kids.


We could get the one in the back, and then the other two might look at him.


That was a joke! (laughter)


You pranked his ass, and he caught the bug? (laughter)


18 for the first one. These are two-handed, by the way. 22 for the second one.


You just made some guard's night.


That was a chain devil?


Okay. So not feeling great about this one.


Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name of Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream-- a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae, and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal through divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome, and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed, and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were the best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger, so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea, training with the men and women aboard a ship called The Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


We need, he has a purse.


Yeah, but I don't have a turn.


Silently ruffle Nott's hair on the way back to camp.


We don't have to tell the others about this, do we? I mean we're supposed to be a team.


Further up. He's made it to the second floor, I think. I didn't pop out, so I'm seeing what Frumpkin sees at this point.


Oh yeah, avoid all the rat balloons!


Okay. That's perfect, thank you. Grog, put that hat on again.


Well, I didn't say that, either. We were going to go back in a day or two, and I don't think that's happening. Do you think everyone at home, they're good?


Yeah, here, look up. Yeah, you got like a tree booger in it.


Do you know Ophelia, Clay?


You actually had a good idea for once.


Let's do this-- That's 30? 30.


I'm running back. I'm going back towards the skeletons.


But you should keep an eye on the sky. If you see something red, maybe hide. Just for a while. Thordak doesn't know what was here. But if he realizes Vorugal's been killed, he'll come looking. Potentially.


There is some good stuff in there. We'll find a way.


DM, question.


Mm-hmm. Sticks hurt. Next one, probably. 11?


I don't really think we should settle down. That seems like a lot.


What? Really?! Scanlan does?!


Eat it, sword.


I'm going to unload a few rounds of Animus into Delilah, since she's still standing. She's still standing?


Well, I think last time we spoke, we took on a battle that we were not able to complete and we need your help.


Yeah, it's really actually quite convenient that there's no such thing as the right thing to do. It just sort of takes so many things off the table here.


Dragon killer, debt eraser, takes all shapes and forms.


I could cast Speak with Dead and we could ask him some questions.


Archibald's still around?


Oh my pillow-- ah! Then I just run and I say: Nott! Duck! I jump over Nott and I'm going for this one in the back, 45-speed.


I'm sorry! I'm just drunk. I'm drunk, I'm day drunk.


That's what the spell says.


I hold.


Agency breakup.


Are we that predictable?


Deadly as well.


Who has never wanted to have the full Scrooge McDuck? For fuck's sake. (all laugh)


This is literally how she lost her hand.


The point I'm trying to make is, and I'm having a notion--


You would have to attune it to yourself-- is that right?


Thank you, Ryan.


Come on, this is your thing. Come on.


Yeah, I already had advantage.


Slowly but surely marking little amounts off this party fund, y'all.


Teach us some sailing songs. It will be fun.


I go over and put it under the gold. I open up the Bag of Holding.


You're filthy. And I go into the pool.


To the Feywild? So we don't even have to find an entrance?


That is 1d10. That is eight points of damage.


