Nice. Molly. Well, next up, as this is now important, Jester it's your turn.


Cloak of Elvenkind is with advantage; would that take place here?


Oh! I go look at Doty's book!


Is that conversation breaking up?


We have some-- We could-- I'm looking. What do we got? We could do Enemy of My Enemy?


How far is Kraghammer from here?


"Those of you who are still with us?" It's fucking everybody.


Ah, so I can't get to it.


Who is that?


Well, I don't know why you had to bring my mom into this, but whatever. Anyway, on behalf of D&D Beyond, I'm Sam Riegel! (silence)


Identify, which is divination.


Halved because I'm an elemental.


This is a thing.


No, the helmet is what separates him from his hive mind. It wouldn't help us at all.


Wait, roll and add two?


I'm going to use Minor Illusion, and about 30 feet away above the water, just above the surface of it, I'm going to create a little hummingbird and have it whip back and forth above the water.


On the first hit.


Very minty.


Nott, I'm pretty sure you're not playing this out all the way. That shit's in my body, okay?


Is that part of the legend?


Vex, I fear you and am slightly attracted to you, as well. Grog and Vax, you are the strongest and most noble and cunning--


You kill everyone on the ground. (all laugh)


That's why I was like, get it closer.


It's been a fucking day!


Or is it smooth? I know I'm like this, but--


You rolled a zero?


I'm going to roll around to the stone to the right, then. As far as I can go.


I do have the Amulet of Armor.


So I'm stealthing, let's stealth? Let's be very quiet.


Well, fuck. I got nothing. Scanlan! Seriously, this is not acceptable. Go to bed! If we let you out of this cage, will you go to bed?


Yeah. Yeah, you can say so.


It's not that this was really the job, it was more like there were two jobs. You had to accept both as opposed to one or the other, and the one was doable and we did it, and the other one--


She asks in Halfling.


Oh my god, I'm so sweaty.


Oh. Yeah, they're all over the fucking place.


It's really fucking dark.


It's that weird room with the weird hair salon stuff.


Wait, but where do you put Lockheed Peach?


We'll just stay away from her. They weren't good times.


Or it's just mean.


The pixies see it too, though.


I would have tried to heal you back.


I'm going to give her my blanket.


Can we keep walking?


I have two per short rest.


Three-point landing. Super hard.


I bless you.


(squeaking)


Just fucking got it?


How old were you when you built him?


Kill this thing.


So you can hear about all my artsy-fartsy theatrical sad hangups from the past? Oh joy, guys!


With advantage, because it's meat?


Blink to me, Nugget!


(laughs) (scattered coughing)


And Grog?


And give her constitution disadvantage. Actually, let's give her, just in case she gets grappled-- let's make it constitution disadvantage. Fuck it.


Let's go drink!


I run forward to try to help him out.


He's really great. I'll give you a pamphlet. I get it out, and I walk it over to him. Here.


No. Let him live. Let this one live.


We’ll disregard it completely and just make our own choice.


Everyone else died. You had an axe in your head!


It's moving?


Dark salt and pepper hair?


Thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our official-- What are they calling it?


Is that you? Hello.


With Eyes of the Grave.


Mmm, eight.


All right. (laughs) Oh, no. Okay. I add my attack bonus?


You can use mine. Whatever you need. I only have a couple.


Well, that's good. I would like to stop it, as well. We all love Pike very much.


Can I cast Grasping Vine? No, wait, no, never mind, I can't grapple.


My plate of flesh.


She might need it.


Poppin Drokrusher.


I'm going to go up to this guy.


Let's do this, man.


All right. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to do a standard shot at her with a leg shot. I'm going to try and knock her prone.


(wheezing) That's fucking great!


We need to power trammels. The Dawnfather, the Knowing Mistress have contributed to our cause, to your cause, these seeds of power. I had hoped you could offer the same.


Just as an action, as a bonus action, I'm going to remove my hat, and I'm just going to say: Drop it.


I've seen it in the Player's Handbook.


You're just going to start shooting.


She's going to try to Greater Restoration Grog.


Let me once again confer with my masters and enchanted servants. Okay, guys, what have we got?


Can you see through my clothes?


On Grog?


It fucking ignites and explodes the tower. Sunders is not a good word.


Yeah, away from the chain golem. Yeah. That way.


Oh, I just want to get it away from the crowd. This thing seems dangerous to me.


But he'll still want to eat us. But yes, we could do that.


You can search. Search!


Don't raise your eyebrows like that.


Oh god! Sure.


And then I have another spell. Correct?


What, what happened? What happened? Did you not stealth past that little pebble?


She is definitely not joshing.


I think horses have regular hearing.


Well-- there's no right or wrong, but next time, I'll be all right. You help people more in need than me, and I'll be all right.


Wow, that was a close one.


I think five to ten minutes, actually.


One, plus your strength modifier.


(whimpers) I'm really wimpy.


Wait! Oh, I thought that was ten.


So that's 60 feet from where I was? Okay, and I'm going to throw a dagger after-- well, can I do a perception check and that, or is that two different things?


So we need snorkels.


Oh yeah, because this is my favored terrain!


I turn to the rest of the group and I go Good news, we're real stupid if we thought we couldn't track them, because there's a fuckton of them. That'll be easy. Bad news is, oh god, there's a fuckton of them. That's it.


We can't fucking go there when we haven't slept, Grog. We'll all die.


We can't just let her go!


Oh thank god. Is that imp still there? Is the imp still active?


3d8.


What do you mean? Is Trebuchet like a trebuchet?


Yeah, just keep the other guard company.


That's one part of it taken care of!


It's mean. It's minty. You'll love it.


A lot of people. There's another entrance nearby, I think further down this path. It's close.


Oh, did I not tell you about this thing? Oh my gosh, you guys, you know the weird little thing that we stole?


You guys, I did it! I killed the dragon all by myself!


I'll attack him twice.


That'll do all right.


If we don't find out.


Plus Hunter's Mark damage, which is another fucking six! 38 damage. No! No, it is 40 damage.


I am sleeping in the corner, I would assume.


Was there other things to look at? I'll look at the vial that I have, the layered one.


It's fine, it looks like he's going to rally. Here it comes.


I thought we would have seen it here.


We make amazing decisions. (all laugh)


Fancy.


This is insulting! Skip the small stuff, what have you got?


(accented) Casala?


I don't see. I have no idea.


Why does it smell like mayo?


What? Can I ask a simple question?


What are you going to put in it?


Something might have followed you.


God! Stop describing it! (laughter)


Wait. Grog and I are the only ones awake, right?


I will drag one back.


You're fucking hot! Let's go!


We got to go to Vegas after this is done!


Oh, man, I feel like he told us. (laughter)


Caduceus had it last.


Percival's just waiting for his introduction.


Let's also say, as we're getting ready, I'm gonna take Tary down and let him pick through the tinkering room, see if he needs any tools and upgrade anything that he might need, give him a quick tour.


It's definitely the large fiend.


Yeah, okay. Yeah. That's a good point.


Where have you been? ASHLEY Well, I had quite a time. When we were up on the tower, I noticed something, and I felt... I had to leave, because I started to have a vision.


I just want to take a short rest, just--


Just you? You're gonna go on the carpet alone?


And I duck back behind Grog. (laughter)


I know. We could be a force for good in and outside of the city. Bidet!


We've left the Sun Tree.


And Zahra.


Wait, so the boys didn't get up and run as soon as the priest made his move?


Oh, Yasha-ing.


Can I roll to see? Because I have a kiln, so I might have it, but I don't know if I have it--


It's weird, they do what he says.


Well it's definitely not duergar. How far ahead of us do they sound?


I'm all growed up.


Okay, cool. As I see her ready, I'm going to hold up my hand with my ring and point it right at that hole.


Perhaps we should bend them back?


Doric columns, oh my god! Awful! Tacky!


You needed one more. You had one more, I thought.


If I'm not mistaken, I recall hearing that no scouts that have been sent thus far have returned, is that correct?


Well, they're top-loading. They're top-loading.


It'll look really cool when you're running away from it, though, when it's exploding.


Double the dice. So then that's five--


No. Well, sure, but I'm talking about some sort of discount for getting ready for the road. We're not that flush.


You are a monster.


Dock pretzels.


You're not a-- well, it doesn't matter.


Right, okay. I was just checking.


No, I see that. I see how people would find that--


Lord Grog Peanut Butter of Strongjaw. I'm titled.


You've gotten big.


(screaming) Scanlan!


Are you inviting me to come with you?


Maybe you hit him enough so that you left a clue.


We share body warmth by all spooning in a chain.


There's a DC saving throw--


If I take a look at this skein, can I take a guess at what kind of illicit material I'm looking at?


(repeatedly, getting deeper) Yeah. (laughter)


Also 11.


I'm going to leave you to it. I'm going back upstairs.


You need a pound of it.


The best bakers make it up as they go.


And do I need to make a extra roll to look for traps around this brazier?


Oh! Ma'am.


We met your friends. Family? Tribe? Clan?


Alter Self. Go, go, go out--


Whatever you want me to.


I'm not good at investigating. Who's good at investigating?


I'm looking for five-by-five to ten-by-ten size mirrors.


Dresses? Oh, everything's fucking closed!


I'm going to try to catch it.


Just to play troll's advocate here, what if it's not his house?


I turn around where they are right in front and throw up a big Wall of Stone.


Pike, what do you like about me?


Shall we? Up the mountain!


Remember, you're twice as big.


Wait a second, look at me. I'm sitting on the bed. I am the servant of a demigod. This is going to be very hard for Fjord.


It's heading downwards?


Next weapon.


290 miles.


A 12, okay. What were you aiming for?


We are well-rested.


Thank you. I'm new to that as well.


Got to do something.


So a literal and figurative peacock.


It all makes perfect sense to me.


I'm looking for doors and stuff as we go. I don't know why.


This was incredibly stressful.


What was the message you were trying to get?


I follow at a brisker pace.


Starting to get a vibe?


I think the blacksmith will get ten gold for telling them if they find out there was a manticore down there that--


She also knows that I fell and that my friends thought it would be funny to put me in a fucking nightgown and spread pudding all over me.


Also, in a pinch, we could kill the horses.


You're so good at all my tricks, are you sure?


I go ahead and light some incense.


I'm going to try and do like a frisbee catch in the air.


Ooh, Shallow Breaths, that's a good one.


We can fix her later.


Okay, so do we have a vague plan? Should we sleep?


That's true, if something happens you can put it up.


Oh, that's one of those--


You were rolling bad on this the last game. You need to stop rolling that one.


Also, this one's in Tales from the Borderlands being awesome.


Can I take time to do that?


Okay. Going for a third strike.


The giant white mask?


You can move, you can move.


It's questionable. It's honestly debatable.


Tary, Vasselheim does get a little bit--


We've got to make him remember.


Marisha, what is the name of that character?


She has used two 2nd-level spells?


Run over to the desk, open the desk, look through it. Do I see anything?


(laughter) I've always wanted to do this.


That's right, you're smart.


I don't know where the dragons are, but-- I'm so sorry. I do not mean to interrupt-- but I can use Beast Speech, so if we come close to anything, I could ask, potentially, to understand. Maybe get an idea, or--


Maybe, maybe not. Maybe it would keep pounding until you died.


Senokir, what is that place?


Wasn't he your first kiss?


Oh, gosh! Neither Vax nor Liam knew there was anything other than little cute hair buns-- Fun buns. What is a "fun bun" besides a fun bun?


You don't want to do this now? It seems like now or never!


Check out the Firebrook Inn, yes. That was where Lady Kima was staying. Also, I think somebody should run reconnaissance on Greyspine Manor.


Trip him again, trip him again.


I just sat down for a moment with this solitaire player.


Bears first.


Do I have time for a reaction?


Towards the little crevice.


Now you tell me  I was hidden in the shadows and rolled a 32. Does that matter with him?


You're going to be all right, Fjord?


A game within a game. The Inception (bass note).


Craven Edge. How did you enjoy your snack?


A fortune.


It's not going to do much. There's a big heavy thing.


Or I can also summon like eight fairies if they're a low enough, you know--


All right. Yeah, then we do it. And we do it the way we said. Right?


I do not have much confidence. You have always eaten more than me, always.


Oh, why--?


I won't eat your rat.


Do that, too!


We're going in.


You'll decrease the resale value of these books with how much you've been cracking the spines tonight. I'm just saying.


That's so rare!


Anyway, listen, before you do what you're going to do and we're going to go off on our way, I just wanted to say that I am here to officially absolve you of that proposal, and I rescind it. I was foolish to do so, and I don't want there to be any strings attached when we leave, and I think, really, with you on the cusp of parting ways and me seeing my daughter and everything, everything's come into a bit of a clearer focus, and... I think I've always been in love with the idea of you. You know, you're so perfect and beautiful and smart and -


Can I be doing Countercharm? Can I hum a little tune? Is that how it works? I don't know how it works!


It's one of those videos where the guys are waiting with the big exercise balls to just wing them there.


A couple quick housekeeping things before we get going, real fast. We're going to have a break, just like every episode of Critical Role, so try to stay in your seats if you can until the break and then you can go to the bathroom, get merch, whatever. If you guys were here last year, and those of you watching at home, you remember that when someone stands up, the chair sounds like someone's waterboarding a pterodactyl. If we could keep that to a minimum. What's that? Nobody cares. Hold on. We're moving on. No, I'm just kidding. Speaking of, during the episode tonight, you guys can laugh, scream, cheer, cry, gasp, any of that stuff. The only thing that we ask is that you don't shout any rules or corrections at Matt or the players. The only reason why we ask that, you guys, is because it's fucking annoying. [cheering]


Fire Ashari are on the way.


You know, you've talked about it so much now, Scanlan.


You ganked him at the last second?


Can we go?


What if I gave Jester a ride on my shoulders? While we walked.


I'll take my first shot with the Pepperbox at that lock.


I did, and I failed it.


Hope that didn't hit anyone.


Get him, big man!


The bear can take care of himself.


No, you're not. Because it's--


If you attempt to cast a spell with a casting time of one action--


I feel like we're walking in a stinky crotch. Why?!


Yeah. I'm good. I'm good.


And I pull out my bo. And I put it down and I say, but I'll find ya. If anything else happens.


Yeah, that's when Dairon decided to go, right? Or was she already out there?


This ain't New York City.


Can I take one of the fancy robes that remains in the Bag of Holding and drape it over the trunk coming out of her chest, so it's a little more hidden?


Nice. Nice work, Percy.


I'm going to nicely fold his clothes and put it on a nearby log or something. Then I'll pull up my Cloak of Elvenkind and put out a couple of pieces of meat, because Fjord told me that seagulls come for food. I'll hide and have my crossbow loaded and ready to go.


I think she's resistant to it, but I will hold Otiluke's Resilient Sphere.


As we’re walking back, can I start looking over the papers, looking for some sort of signature that says Richter or Prucine or anything?


Okay, first one is a one. So that misses. Second one is a 23.


A one is two failures?


I feel like we should get up close, release the giant, fly up over, do our shit, and then take him.


Yeah, you listen to Lady Kima.


Is it heavy?


And you. And then are we looking for job postings? Like, maybe some work?


There's a treasure chest?!


Three things. There’s a few.


(counting) Okay, so ten points of fire damage.


You had mentioned that you had a Locate Object spell.


No, he rolled three already.


Now that I've got two playfellows, we're on the edge of the crevasse, right?


Seems like we do.


Right. But now that the Sky-walkers have already been torn down, do you want to keep the dragon in charge?


I actually have this.


Fuck it, I'll drop it and I'll come into the street, down the way 30 feet. But I look like a gnoll.


I'm hopping over to the card game.


Never saw anything.


You all look like my sister.


Ah! Oh.


I don't think you're dumb. And I'm just still going. (giggles)


I just wanted to make sure he didn't come after us.


What if it's just her soul or something?


You know, if you seek another dragon to kill, you might meet us in Whitestone. We're forming an army there.


Sounds pretty good.


If we're trying, that's important. Just think on it. Nothing rash, dear, all right?


Just flip the little switch.


I mean, it's pretty quiet. Other than that guy hiding over there by the shipping crates, there's really nothing to see.


I thought it was bullshit, but it's not! Dope!


But if you want to go to the Menagerie Coast, you know I'm always on board for that, Fjord. But what about the Academy?


It could help any one of us, really. Would you like it, Nott?


We wanted to send Frumpkin in.


Cloak up.


We're trying to decide whether we went left or right up the stairs.


I mean, sure. Let's go do it.


I think we should dive into one of the beehive tunnels and stealth in. I think we should still be stealth mode. J'mon can drop us off. J'mon, you distract all of the city with all of your wyvern riders, as well, and we'll come in from the bottom up, yeah?


Please give me your weapon. (laughter)


I'm staying outside with Trinket and Grog.


As we land, I look around. Oh, that was a lot of fun. I cast Prestidigitation three times in a row and clean us all up.


I assume a lot of people down there.


Walking up to the door, does it look like I can get any purchase with my little finger-bits?


Wait what? All right, let's go.


Ooh, so now she can do it three times between rests.


Do I see any buildings that look like people are coming in and out raucously?


Somebody could step on it and he could still go.


I've got Polymorph. I can always be a tiny thing in your pocket.


Find a toy car...


She's not a queen. She's a goddess.


I'm going to take a look--


They'll all get bludgeoning damage from the fall.


I guess I'll put this in a really safe pocket, then. There's one that's got an extra snap. Triple snap and then a zipper over it.


I start going, on the tummy.


(laughs) It's literally Soylent.


Come on. You can do it.


That was a really meaty spell she had. I've never seen that before.


Look who's catching who now.


Con save?


Yeah, that will be the Crit--


No, I was about to say, it's a save, not a check.


Should we capture him, or should we just--


I'm heading back to the cart, spreading out the leather hides, and making them dry out.


No, I'm begging!


I'm over there.


15.


Wait, they're both Sutan.


Not me, I did my action.


Blacklight.


We should look for the Keystone Pub!


I don't think anything's going to want to talk to us down here.


Yeah, we probably all will be dead tomorrow, but it's a really cool idea.


Yeah, I'll hang a little bit back from them.


Looks fine.


Are you squeamish about blood, Kashaw?


Just answer the questions. It's totally fine, all right? It's going to be fine. Do you want some water?


Is he still in the toilet or did he get out yet?


Quentin Tarantino joined.


(shouting) Do you know him? What's his name?


Just making sure.


Yeah, I'm staying on my horse!


Maybe we should go back into the other side, then. Unless somebody can just fucking dispel that face, and then we can just go in this way.


I'm going to continue down this corridor to get close to the half-elf.


Do you think the war will make it all the way here?


Thanks, Percy.


Okay. I turn and walk over to Keyleth.


I mean, are we doing that? I can do four of those Alter Self coins.


Read your book. We'll sleep.


Can I use my Action Surge?


I'm keeping an eye on the side of the room that he glanced in, looking for anybody going and delivering drinks to the people.


He's not the Meat Man that we know.


Dungeons and Dragons. Yeah.


But they're so pretty!


She's going to-- She's going to take hit points.


That's your job, isn't it?


Not interested, but I will ask about the items you are looking for.


Oh, natural 20! I don't know what to do with that in this situation.


Win the affections of.


We have a backup bear. (laughter)


Well, like basically like if you fuck up or something like that then you get to fix it, maybe.


I gave you the other gun.


It's a back scratcher.


The grace and poise of the Ashari.


Do I gather a different energy from the surrounding plants?


Trinket. He can see Percy getting attacked and instinct takes over, and he runs forward and he claws him.


Here comes the smoke!


Pretty sizable incisors, sharp fucking teeth.


Oh, so were you thinking of having a barbecue here or setting up a barbecue on the road?


I don't know, like new names or pretty drawings?


I'll use that dash to keep moving towards the ice wall, towards you. Maybe two or three squares. That will be my turn.


Seven. (laughter)


Suggestion.


Is the whole clan wiped out? Who's left?


Dis would be--


My stuff and Vex's stuff.


Please, go through every picture, please!


Back to the keep. We are in the keep.


It's moving!


13 plus five, 18.


Quick! Float us!


Grand slam plans.


Wait, weren't we going to go to--


Just to apologize again.


I've got the other one, so I'll be second.


I am going to make a fumble. I am going to attempt to assist a sleight of hand with a bit of a fumble.


Oh, you've got toys.


Let's leave it, it's so pretty!


No, it's fine. I'll just leave it. It's fine.


Is it wet in here or is it dry in here, would you say?


Nobody look at them.


Little hamster tails! Oh man!


Several things have died on top of it.


That word just gets us in.


Take that first one. Okay--


Say that again.


She's a witch! Did you see the broom?


If we bring the expansion, you can still be Ashcan Pete, too.


You are frenzied raging right now.


I was about to assess that. Couple of questions: One, how far is the tower from where we are right now?


Oh no, Beau!


The skittering creatures?


Can we look around for a little teeny hammer?


I don't know what they're looking at.


The image of Keg falls to the floor, clutching her shoulder.


The ice was going to collapse eventually, anyway.


There's a hypodermic needle in here!


We haven't been there yet.


So that's double 1d-- I should have gotten some bonuses on that, I'm an idiot. Plus five. It's just double dice damage?


Three of those tweets will be from me.


Clarota seems pretty excited to get home. I'm worried for him.


Thawing.


Making real good distance.


Does that look natural to you?


Not for me, though. Caleb hates me.


Scanlan Two has tons of healing spells that he can use, so use them. He's going to be dead soon anyway.


I don't know if there's anything else better.


I'm going to do Divine Sense again.


I was-- I'm not talking to you, anymore, Percy. Captain.


Shakäste!


He goes to sleep. I'm going to do my duty with Keyleth for a watch.


Surprise.


Oh shit, two weeks.


I still have another shot.


But one is just for Grog, right?


Are they alive?


How honest do I have to be?


So I'm proficient here, right?


So the direction we came from.


Yeah, it'll be fun.


Should we catch you outside, then?


I guess I shut the door. That's creepy.


Are there two stories? I technically used my Hallucinatory Terrain spell to make it look like a one-story tavern.


But you know, a full-on library, or perhaps, you know, a smutty bookshop even, because you never know what you're going to find in there. Or even a used, a vintage book-- Oh, you're not even-- (shouting) Are there any bookstores in the vicinity of this lighthouse?


Shrubs, yeah.


Oh shit, does it hit Trinket, too?


Does he go into the--


Dex save?


And now you add your knife.


Roll your advantage. You get advantage.


I'm a warlock, what level can I use it at?


It's okay! It's okay! It's me, Keyleth. Sorry.


Fuck it! I take Craven Edge out. I hope you're hungry. And I would like to go into a frenzied rage.


Do you really care about the kid?


No daughters right now.


Yes, those ears.


I'm totally acting like I see everything.


That is... high. That was a 26.


May they rest in peace.


A potty break? No breaks tonight!


Yes, yes, yes, Keyleth is so! Fucking! Beautiful! I get it.


17 is my natural armor.


You know how we're pretty sure that everyone on this road's going to kill us? Yeah, everyone else thinks that, too.


Wait, wait. As soon as I notice that, I touch Grog and Vax's shoulders and I point up really fast.


It wasn't that undercover. It was Max going, "No cast is allowed in here for ten minutes!" It wasn't that stealthy. You weren't here for that.


He could, yeah. It's just, my whole life has been building up to this, and if we complete it, that makes it real.


I'm going to attempt to.


I dropped out.


Run.


Oh, that's a lot of them.


But I thought Orthax is a shadow fiend, right?


(wind swirling) And then I'm gonna--


I have no idea. But the adventure is to try, right? And I certainly will give it a go.


Yeah, sure, why not? We are flush at the moment. I walk in.


Redemption, Percy.


Can I request that the rest of us do the sounds of the ricocheting bullets in case he misses?


(Russian accent) Rose gold is best gold. (regular accent) I'm wearing an Apple watch with a rose gold band on it.


We have to get her here immediately.


Save a life, check a sconce.


Now I have.


Tiberiosa.


How are you doing this morning, Jester?


Get in place. I mean, I could try and do it while you're getting the hostages out, or we could just take down the snake's head.


Ah, you forgot the hooks on the G's!


Also, I'm going to cast Lightning Bolt into the Ioun Stone.


Yeah, I was going to say, you can just share.


Pretty bad!


I'm afraid right now I don't know what all we can do in this town until we can defeat the dragon, which unfortunately is rather close.


I'll do the opposite one.


Are you sure you can handle a greatsword? It's, like, big league.


No, everything's fine!


Well, I think we're going to need help getting to Whitestone, and then I think it's going to take at least a day for you to regain the power to return to your people.


You're going to what?


Wait, though. Come on.


I don't need to. I'd feel weird.


Got it, got it, got it.


Go? Go where? What?


I will do it individually.


Twiggy goes  Yum! And digs right in.


As you always do.


Who was that strange masked man just now?


He's also got Brutal Critical, so that adds 2d6 to that, but we'll get to that.


Okay. Good to know! Fuck.


Is D and D Beyond.


I don't care anymore.


What did you give me?!


Pike and Trinket. So we start paddling in the boat.


You didn't move at all?


Taliesin, you're so loud!


Okay, that's good!


A religion check? 14. Do I add my jack-of-all?


Changed your mind because we had extra help, or--


That's seven, 14.


So you feel kind of sad about it and maybe a little stupid.


You have to be crouched down in order to be grappling him?


Don't do this to me! Everyone else at this table is less susceptible to shit like that! Don't do it to me, okay! I don't need this right now! Cool, no problem.


Do you want to be danger close like that?


He's down to triple digits now.


Natural 20, Natural 20!


The Brotherhood of the Sisterhood of the Order, or something like that?


What do I see? I'm looking all over this house.


That I am satisfied with, yes.


Okay. But I'm going to give-- all of us get 100 apiece. (cheering)


1d8 radiant.


That lady was the worst. (laughter)


It probably wasn't.


We were very discreet and discreetly putting the Dust of Tracelessness on the ground.


Wait, no. Beau, no. He's paying us.


Maybe we can wheel and deal with him. Pay a lump sum now and consider it debt repaid, time served.


Taking those mushrooms, having those visions.


As a sidebar, should we be worried about our friend that we sent north to that area?


Sorry! Zero... zero!


With one eye.


Wait. DM. Vax is creeping along the back of that tent and curving around.


Yeah, the one we did in LA. It's frenetic and crazy, so please, please come and join us. It'll be amazing and I'm sure Sam will dress entirely normally.


And I'll go oh!


The tortle!


How much is a pound worth to you?


I did see those knives, right?


You were near each other for a while and didn't know each other?


For death?


So am I the only one that, while we wait, is itching for a fight?


How much weight can the carpet take?


That goes down.


Should we try and shake one down, and ask who was the last person to see him?


Is this a spell, so I have advantage, as well?


Oh, yes, I'm so glad I'm wrong.


I think one of my favorite Keyleth moments, it wasn't a kill, but when we were in the crazy, Michael Jackson, Neverland Ranch, sorcerer dude's plane of existence.


Do you have a deal, you know, if we got all of them? That seems pretty high. Right? That seems pretty high for a healing potion.


It doesn't matter, do you want me to turn it back on?


I am in agreement that on that level, all debts are settled and fair. However, I believe we have some previous debts to still settle.


Yeah, I got that armor back.


We gotta take out the fuckers on the roof.


My family name is Daturai.


Teen Titan's Go!, plays Grimlock on Transformers, all over the place.


It's for you guys!


I run up behind Pike out of my shower and I twirl her around and I give you a big old hug and a kiss on the cheek.


Okay. That sounds good.


And then going in for the headbutt, one.


Oh, I get my circle!


Yeah, continue on.


We can't put her to bed!


Oh, terrible. Okay, so I get another ten points.


Yeah. Wait, wait, wait.


So excited.


Pop-Pop's? Okay okay okay.


It's all right, he's fine. Look, see, his leg's going, he's dreaming about something nice.


All right, so I'm at disadvantage, but I have advantage, so it would be one straight roll?


They're not trapped, are they?


Okay. Am I within 120 feet of either of the Briarwoods?


It's just me now, right?


I know where it is. I've shat there before. (laughter)


Don’t you want us to advertise in Westruun for you? "immortalized Gilmore’s Glorious Armor."


I'll give it a kiss.


What a piece of shit!


Hard to find. I'm not making any promises, but if we play our cards right and we take care of each other, we might return a bit wealthier than we left.


Like an old orange.


I'm going to burn my action surge, and I'm going to start taking my shots, and I'm just going to work my way up.


Plus Jack of All Trades.


Lavish Chateau.


He's a scrapper, he's dodgy. No!


You did it. You killed them.


But wait! The robe has like a rope tie to tie.


There's no way to get through--


(laughs) You're in no place to negotiate.


So the way the spell works, I can do it one of two ways. I can do it instantaneously, essentially grow up a whole bunch of plants and brush and shrubbery around me, or I can wait and I can concentrate for a while and instill a plant with vibrant--


Tap her head  Down!


Please don't be any more people in there! Shit.


Wait, did you say me or him?


Okay, can I see Vax down? Which one is he on the ground?


I hate to leave you with such sour news, but I must be going.


Obviously we’re only shopping with you, Gilmore, at this point.


So do we give you our gold and--


Is it Reggie?


That's for a very special day.


Suggestion. How did Ripley return--


We need to decide, do we tell her that we destroyed it, or do we tell her that we just didn't get it and that it's still down there.


Okay, but I'm happy because of Grog, right?


There wasn't a lot left.


Has she tasted human flesh?


Do they look like they saw us?


Can I salvage anything from the stone giant?


Distance between me and them?


He's thinking.


Over behind--


I walk outside, and I--


Question. What time was it when they were doing their little scouting thing they've just told us about? The sun was going down?


Who are you, you're fucking shooting at me, you're asking me questions!


No. Velora, would you want to go home right now?


Absolutely incredible.


All right, we go to the temple of Sarenrae!


Are you shooting at Vecna?


We have to prepare. The tunnels have toxic fumes and all sorts of stuff.


The Richter's gone! You have a chance to ascend to her seat! Wasn't that the plan?


Penis man.


I'm working towards something.


Fleet week!


I rolled a zero, because I've got a negative two. It's not even on the dice!


I rolled an 80.


No signing of contracts.


Bank in the morning. Then off.


In the clutch.


Quick, go in the tent.


Yes, the crest of Vox Machina, right on his chest, emblazoned there. His arm works a little differently, his right arm, which we might see in some sort of competition at some point. And his left arm, thanks to Percival Fredrickstein von Mussel de something.


Of course we can, yeah. Are we going to spend the night? What time is it?


Run where?


I've got a little bit of oil.


He smiles at you.


That was so awesome.


You got your bow!


Show me on the character sheet where the bad DM touched you.


That's right. I even heard you could check it out. Ubisoft's Far Cry 5.


Yeah. Like, see that little outcropping of rock?


You can check to see if there's a lock on the cellar door?


Me neither. Anything that cute--


It's like if you gave him an ice cream, you see me running around on a sugar high for the rest of the day. Never gonna burn that off.


So you're saying Ulog probably is in trouble and is going to roll over on us in order to get something taken off of him.


Would you ever play an evil character? My contingency plan, if I get killed, I don't know about evil, but he won't be as nice as Vax.


Thank you for saving me, Molly.


Bring them into the CRU, you got them!


I've been waiting for it.


At dawn, we chit-chat!


So why don't we just not go in right now?


The door just opens on it--


I fucking headbutt him, I'm going to gorge him! Let's go!


Do we get a constitution bonus from the Heroes' Feast?


It's been awhile. I don't know. Sorry!


I don't think she's a vampire.


We should at least find a forward operating base, a place where we can watch this unfold from cover and figure out how far away we are from the first act of our show.


Fuck! Guys!


There's four days. We can each do our part. Five days.


I think I'm going to faint right now.


And say, just quietly to the side, You know, you've been pretty fucking amazing lately. As usual.


d10. Three? So that, what does that do?


But they're not good enough. Pike will come.


Yes. Extremely.


Could I get here? Am I within range of Pike, then? 60 feet? I'm higher than I would be.


Well, if someone's going to stay out of the Feast, it should be the guy who already has advantage on everything.


We don't have to pigeon this. I mean, we know what you can do, so maybe paint the fix for it.


Where did it happen, inside? Or where did they come from?


All right, before I go anywhere, I'm taking a shot at Clarota.


Sipping cups. What do you need?


17 plus eight...


-- we could just give it to Allura.


I've spent a lot of money.


What about a big reader?


Son of a--


Yeah, and looking at this one, I go  Hey, your friends have an inside joke without you. Pointing at the guy on the ground. As soon as he turns, I go whack like a baseball bat, right across his head.


I could eat the shit out of those.


It can use a strength save to break out of it and it exists, but if I fail my concentration check, it goes, right?


(singing) Naa!


I've wanted to make this pun my entire life.


I had gloves, just in case.


Pike probably doesn't, but do I have any advantage being that I'm in this little closed-in bubble?


You can't be paralyzed or restrained.


With my bonus action, can I cast Hexblade's Curse on the spider?


I know. I don't feel so bad for making fun of them now. I feel like maybe we were hard on them, but now I don't think we were.


11 plus five. 16.


Also, another strange question  what creates initiative? Initiative is your dexterity modifier?


This is disgusting.


Okay. I'm going to cast Bones of the Earth, which I think I can pop up six pillars around Umbrasyl.


I can make funny sounds.


Oh, you got it?


You know what an adjective is! That's impressive.


Yeah, it's this thing, I lost the GPS tracker on them, so, no.


Oh my god, it was just me and you.


Did I? No, you're right, I have under-shared, and I'm sorry. I just didn't think it was relevant.


It was the Briarwoods.


I'm going to say  well. We are here at a doorway. I don't know if you speak to the Allhammer, if you know anything about this, but if you have any way to help us get through this, now would be the time. Trying to do good work here for you and all of mankind.


I feel like he made me look like an asshole, feel like an asshole. Fuck, maybe I'm an asshole.


Now, it's too far away to cast a spell.


Change you?


We're face-timing?


I roll him on his side.


I mean, we could do from the base of the mountain to the top in two hours, three hours, but we could make the entire journey quite quickly.


Am I going to what?


Smaller--


We'll get you some floaties.


Give me ten minutes. That's on the tablets, right?


You live in a very nice garden an hour north of here. The city is garbage.


All right, so I have advantage. Natural 20.


Who arrived the other day?


You're going to get healed.


We know where they're at, right?


You're all walking away with one gold.


Don't worry! I'll turn on the charm.


I'm up and pacing the room, trying to pace near the door that she went through so I can keep an ear on the door.


If you're on the road long enough, you eat a lot of animals. You eat a lot of beasts of burden.


I'm going to pick the pocket of Shakäste.


I think we may be able to avoid any kind of trading of currency.


Yeah, I can burn one from my Ioun stone.


Healing Word? No, it's not!


(quietly) Don't talk.


Okay. I won't do anything. Here's what I'm going to do instead. I'm sorry, I don't know what was wrong. I've been off, and I apologize for how I've been sounding. What I'm going to do is I'm going to lift my finger and I'm going to aim behind that three-headed bastard and I'm going to release a 4th-level Fireball.


Wouldn't that be nice?


In which direction?


Yeah, can I lick the ice cream as it's melting out of me?


Is food and water the only thing we need? Do we need any other supplies to make this trip? I don't know.


And would I gather any information on the purpose of this room and what it's used for?


Teach me how to sports.


Oh, great.


Instead of porcelain, I'm going for the ceramics that I use for some of my build. It's more practical. I've been working on some jewelry shit, I could genuinely learn how to do this.


I get ready with the vine to yank him away in case it starts moving toward him.


No more ten minutes.


Okay, and I can't see shit.


Okay. Ah-- I would like to push myself up the stairs as far as I can, while still being able to have a bead on him.


I don't know. It doesn't say.


I'm wearing some of the stuff from the crate right now.


I pull out the Spire of Conflux. There are always many solutions to many problems. You think Thordak is the only solution to yours? This staff was birthed from the head of Melora, the same goddess who gave you that curse. What if you wanted me instead? Me and this staff. Maybe I can help you more than Thordak can.


Yeah. What's our fastest method there?


Hardcore negotiations.


Is it the same color?


Yeah, we can make a decent amount of armor with 40 pounds--


Yeah, yeah. Any--


--Vex wink. (all laugh)


I think I know where we need to go.


With the rest of my movement, can I turn around and look at him and go, yo, O Ancient One, can you read my mind now? And I walk through the portal.


Wait, what about me?


If this is the United States, we're in Maine. Emon is LA.


Did I see more than one room, or was it a single-room home?


Is there anybody fallen in this, my darling?


Oh! No.


No, I mean, like, right before coming? I can't remember the last time we had a full rest.


Three of them.


It's very sad. So sad that he had to sit down and write a letter about how he had to leave the city and how he had to free the creature beneath the city because it was so wrong--


What do I see around the place? Do I see any large rocks, or any large pillars that I can--?


I would send in the dragonborn, because they're all alive.


It was always about money.


16 to hit, so that's not bad.


That does hit.


It seems pretty shitty, dumping them out in a pile, but I don't know what else to do.


I mean, he's got the intelligence.


Right, but we got to cross this river to get to it.


Maybe it should be in Caleb and I's room because we'll have the alarm to protect us.


Super far from the guy.


I would never!


We could use your help up here if you got a second.


Oh, waiting for them to pass?


I'm not worried about it. Well, we've got to find whatever it is. We don't even know what it looks like!


I can give her disadvantage on constitution checks, and whenever she takes damage, she's stunned, or should I do the confusion thing?


It has to move. Isn't it frightened?


Are they still melting down the whitestone for magical energy?


What's left of it. That will be a trip that will be necessary soon, but not yet.


Nope. Seven.


Wait, you're looting?!


I know. She hates him.


You made him cry?


You're flying?


We left it as an outpost. I wouldn't mind going back to Whitestone for a bit.


I always like the bail out at the end.


Hopefully he lands on his lute.


For my move, yeah.


Yes, in time for Saturday Night Live. (laughter)


It's already so hot in here with all the lava and stuff, I would just prefer to sleep alone. I'm sorry.


I know what I want to do. You tell me what I can do. First thing I want to do is cast Bless on-- I grab Vex, cast Bless on us and Pike, I have a range of 30 feet on it.


Dagger, dagger-- jagger? Why would it say jagger?


Yes, my child. I will drop the spell.


I'm going to fail this miserably.


I just have to confer with Caleb.


That's perfect. Smell your bag.


Orcas, orcas, after all of that under-sea--


Some call her a warrior merchant.


Nothing laughs honey off.


We know that there are people that will work with us. We know what the terrain looks like. We know what his lair looks like, which we don't want to be in when we fight him. And we know how to get him out of it, possibly. It's a pretty successful trip.


Yeah. I mean, they're yellowish-amber. Yellowish-orange. Just depends on the way the light hits it.


Kiss it! Kiss it!


What would I do?


I was expecting more Ringling Brothers, actually. (laughter)


Jeff. (laughter)


Killing abilities?


15 for Pike.


Yeah, I come over, and-- 'cause I have 60 feet of darkvision. Can I try?


Like normal.


That's how I would rule it.


Okay. I'm going to scooch my booch closer to the wall to get quarter cover. I think that'll put me in about where I need to be to see all three of them.


Caleb.


That was good. That was very good.


There are Critters in the walls.


Could be a peasant.


I can find out.


Whoa, look at that! There's a map.


At least I don't have to roll for intelligence.


Okay, it's fine now.


So it's bright in here now.


I'm sure he can hear me.


What do y'all want to do?


Can you change your appearance?


Phil!


Now we're all nice and cozy.


Yeah, do you want Fassbender? I was actually going to offer him to you, 'cause I feel like you might--


And what were they contracted with?


This will be good for the group, this will be good for you and me, this is good. It's something that I was not able to do. I've been trying to figure it out for months and I have not been able to figure it out and now I have it.


This is going to go so well.


That's fine. That still counts. We've already unlocked a one-shot that we'll be announcing more details about later, and we've also supported one whole grant that will be donated to a scientist who will do cutting-edge research. So thank you. Keep giving!


I'm not a religious lady, but I will tell you that, for me, this journey with this group has been a bit of a sign. I know that you're questioning whether it was for you, but--


Yeah, we're watching what they're doing.


We are fiction now.


We were supposed to wear pajamas.


Iceberg Lobsterface.


Shit! Okay, I'll turn around, and let's just hope that it works this time.


We can't talk.


Yeah, you look it.


It is at 14 at the moment.


I'll be next to Grog.


One moment. It is now not locked, I think.


Well, you know, I was kinda waiting to see what everybody else did.


Is the other giant dead?


I take those and I keep those to myself. Take the amulet.


Okay. Can I get 500 feet on the path to there with Dimension Door? I grab Beau around the waist and say: Come with me! I cast Dimension Door. Ten feet above the ground. I say: Get ready to land! So I don't land on a person.


Yeah, give it to me. Thanks, friend.


If I aim a Fireball right at the roof, will it hit any of us?


Nothing. Liquor.


Angry furniture.


Oh. Oh I do-- it worked! Okay.


You can't know what to do until you understand it. I mean, that's step one and once you understand it, we'll try and help you make a reasonable decision about what to do with it.


(laughs) Shit.


I'm staying in the water because I wanna feel the lightning.


(laughs) Whack!


11, 15, 17 points.


Of course Vex gets this. All the times we've had together.


It's got clumps of red hair stuck.


I mean, it's very generous.


Good. Why are you so calm? You're so calm and confident now. It's weird.


Who's got the censer in the front? Because we've got to stay together.


Then come back down here.


Fuck them!


It's good to see you all here, though.


She's grappled now?


I probably didn't get it anyway, actually. Both rolls were shitty, and I only rolled a total of five on the better one.


Do you want that?


I mean, there's a lot to talk about in a year. We--


Am I able to take a bonus action to like shout something out over comms?


Oh, okay. That’s okay. I have one action still.


I have faith in you, Jester.


It's considered fey.


This is really cool, though.


Yeah, I want to start heading up, gliding. I have a fly speed of 90, right? Can I get up to her?


Why would I get sick of it? It's wonderful.


No. (laughs) No. It's Pike.


It's so nicely wrapped. It's so tiny.


I cast Fly on myself and fly.


I can see it is a cultural difference, my apologies.


(exaggerated Southern accent) I'm rowing a boat!


We should see what it is, though.


You're Grog!


You want to go, keep going?


6d4 plus six. Okay, so 2d4 plus two for each guy. I'll do that.


Yeah, that's true. That is what she does. You want to go snag her? I'll keep an eye.


Lose our 17 from the speech?


Yeah, this is what was coming.


Yeah, but can't we use our eyes? Just as they are. Do we have to turn to smoke this time?


I can do that. Do you want to come along on this little escapade?


Oh, so we'll just skip next week and come back in two weeks.


Is it doubled?


@patrickrothfuss, just all together.


I go get some of the ash off the ground and give it to Mr. Clay and say: Maybe you could make some tea with this?


I mean, that was pretty awesome, right?


Okay. Yes, yes, sir.


Bocce ball?


Plus one diamond to the treasury.


My other home, summer home.


I saw that. (laughter)


18 on the first one doesn't hit.


Well, there's a pub over there.


Okay, I take out some iron and I go (whooshing) and he shrinks to an eighth of that and I pick him up.


I take the tentacle that's grappled around me and I grab onto it, and I cast Blight.


Everybody's breaking things, everybody's spending all our money.


Which is a nine.


Is Scanlan right? Have we become too close to each other? Do we need to all take our individual time like we've done in the past?


You don't drink it because it tastes good.


No, I'm fine! He's talking about other people.


Did it alter Grog's stats on any level?


Right, listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. Wait... Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things. Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this terrified little thing. His disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale.


I really can't argue with that. (laughter)


We can camp it up if we need to.


I go and I look for Allura and Gilmore.


You don't want to be offensive.


You're bad? Who else?


The guards could come back.


Shh! Help me out. Shh.


I can't hold shit.


Oh, 16. Oh, no! 18!


Pike, how strong are you feeling right now?


Okay. Real quick, I'll just poke through one of the bags.


Oh wow, a lot happened there.


Does it taste good?


(sighs) Should I waste my action on this shit? I'm still hidden, yeah?


Wow. From the mother's mouth.


Make the door behind one of those trees.


We got to go in the forest.


I came back to get him!


We should keep moving upwards, I'm assuming?


(whispers) Quivering Palm...


The sphere. The broken hilt.


I want to leave something with you.


They're so evil!


Wait, do we leave or--


That's her Thaumaturgy.


We don't know that any of this is right. We should just go through.


No, I didn't know if you knew the Sun Tree that grew in Whitestone on the Prime Material Plane. I didn't know if you knew him.


That's the same as me!


That way Nott doesn't have bad dreams that we burn some people that are still alive and then we can set it all on fire.


Or you could eat first; we've been traveling--


And nanny fell, too.


Well, you do the same, all right? Stay safe. I got you a present. It's a ring. It's a beautiful ring because you're a beautiful girl, and I'd like you to keep it.


Come on firbolg!


I can what?


We gotta go in now.


I don't feel right. I think I need to go to a temple.


Where are you going with this?


So you're an orphan for a while?


That's the stupidest thing.


Don't worry. We're not here to look for family. That would entail some amount of investment on either our side or yours. There is clearly none. We are here to do business. Do you know where the bog is?


So would we say that would be like a bonus action, what I just did?


Sure. Do we all have that?


Fighters move forward, magic peoples hang back.


Let's go. What clears the brain better than travel? (sniffs) Or sex.


Can we fit through whatever hole there is?


Bonus action dash up the steps.


I'm sorry, never mind, it's passed. No, I was thinking you could auction them off for charity next time, next charity drive.


Will that do you any good?


Bring back fucking cookies!


Badder?


I have it! And I punch Nott right in the face.


What a bummer! Oh, I feel like somebody that just got party invitations, it's like oh, I ran out!


Just to make sure  I used Gnome Cunning, because I get advantage on wisdom.


This will never go in the dice graveyard.


You've had this coming. You so had this coming.


I think I might have an idea.


I think-- There was a ship in Draconia, a northern ship of some kind. I still feel there may be some sort of weapon inside it that may prove useful. It was a ship that had been dragged there by the white dragon. It's been bothering me. And then of course we have whatever it is we have downstairs. I'm not saying we should use it, but it is powerful.


We don't know. That's a no, we're working together. We're trying to work together with people. No, we have to get all of us out of here, which is more important than finding this asshole in the building. What do we do, what do we do?


That one's a 19, can I go with the 19?


Is it me?


Yeah, straight towards them.


And then, here.


Limited number, limited quality. I think there are only one.


I'm going to move Spiritual Weapon around, and I'm going to use this side. I'm going to smack him right in his funny bone.


I start speaking to him in Underdark because I haven't spoken that in a while. Ogden? How are you liking traveling with everybody? With Johann and Astra and JB?


(high pitched hum of uncertainty) [cheering]


It's fine, I'll go down the tunnel and scope it out for us.


I'm going to stay. Because we're on the carpet, right? Grog, Percy, and I on the carpet?


So he becomes charmed, and a jagged crown of iron appears around his head, and madness glows in its eye.


Yeah. Is anyone still badly hurt?


What do you need help with?


1d8.


You didn't build it, did you?


Double-check to make sure the door isn't a problem, either. I'd imagine if the welcome mat is.


He's out. He's swimming.


Five. Plus five is ten.


Are you still conscious?


That's great!


I would just hate for them to find the kids and then do something to the kids.


People don't install those unless there's something awful that needs to be done.


Why did you have to tamper with the fundamental forces of nature?


Keyleth, stop doing that.


What do your gnomish eyes see, Scanlan?


Am I still next to that horse?


Okay, I'll do the mansion.


We should let them talk about it.


Okay, so then it would be 13, because I rolled two fours.


I sit down cross-legged in front of him.


Get her out of the room. Get out of the room!


We have eagles.


Why would you ask that question?


What would happen to him if you tried to Turn Undead?


Just because it was a pretty good one.


Yeah. 16.


As we're settling down to sleep, I make sure that Trinket is laying between Kash and Keyleth, always.


Next time, napalm.


For the record, I like the shadow stuff.


Do you know what I like? I like the version of you that my sister brings out.


Fine, that's fine.


Not to get too close.


Why don't we just take this one?


No, a little-- I've got a pen for this. Oh my god, it's dead now. To be fair, we've been using it for years. Just at the foot of the stairs.


"Kill yourself."


You ate the meat, didn't you?


Well, I mean--


Oh my god. Dexterity.


Could you fashion--


Walking really slow.


You have something, don't you?


What time of day is it? Do we have a sense? Is the sun still up?


I walk up to him. What kind of adventurer are you if you've never heard of Vox fucking Machina?


Someday I'll get to Sam Riegel levels.


I love talking shop. Let's do it.


Should we go outside and see how they're doing?


Freezer burn?


No, yeah, we're calling it.


I'm going to use disengage and I'm going to fart over towards my sister and Pike.


Splattercat.


You're so lucky she's not watching right now.


I would like to go see my temple.


Yeah, please, get us the fuck out of here.


Say uncle, say uncle!


Kind of.


I don't know if she's necessarily going to listen to you. She's a little--


He was acting nobly. I won't tell anyone if you don't want me to.


Bye!


I found a cavern.


You are a good talker, Fjord.


Yeah, that's right. So it's the damage plus the sneak attack, double that--


Questions? I don't know anything about this shit.


Weird question. The carts aren't sprayed on the side with "Iron Shepherds?"


I don't know what goes next.


(sighs) Third attack. 14.


Okay. Maybe we leave it alone, then.


All right. Do what you're going to do.


Yes. Percy, pass the bottle.


Fall, damn it. Shooting him again.


What? Where?


I use Thaumaturgy to bang the windows!


Ten, 14, 17, 23, 24, 48 plus psychic damage. 54 for the first attack.


She could've learned that from anyone. Anyone with a mildly Zemnian accent.


The answer is yes.


It's Molly, isn't it? Molly did it!


That's smart. (hacking spit)


I'm going to start making a nice, pretty bed in the cart. It's going to be really nice looking.


Just a shortsword?


He's working with the Myriad, and all that stuff earlier.


You're bullshitting.


That's nothing! You're fine.


And we sit there while she pulls out the entire bag.


At least one of them.


Wait, the sun is setting, are we taking a short rest or a long rest? Are we spending the night?


It's my armor class.


You know, I'm sure we can facilitate that. Let's maybe manage our expectations, not go for the plumpest plum on the bush.


Far-ish?


Oh, right, because you're right next to it, sorry Keyleth.


There are hiding places.


Maybe they can help us fix our wheel.


I could Animal Shapes us there, yeah.


-- so can I also do a Mass Cure Wounds? Since I just did a--


Do I have to roll for the hit?


Will he take a swipe at me?


No, it doesn't.


Yeah, just to see if he wakes up.


You'll pay for all of it?


There's too much awesome in one spot.


Right? We know that?


Is there anything anyone wants to do before we go in? Last second, real quick?


I do have another attack!


It might have destroyed the house.


Matt drowns the future comments.


I was going to put it on that leather. My mom gave this to me.


Beau's right next to it. It's going to slurp you.


There's tale of a brothel in the west end of Whitestone. I don't know if it still exists but I'm sure if you go drinking in that area, you might find something. Sorry.


I thought it was going to blow our cover.


I knew it was going to be handy.


I think that's real. I might need to go after the show. Oh, and here we go! Okay. D&D Beyond is an amazing website that lets you create and store your characters, load up digital books and campaign guides, view stats for monsters, and so much more. Plus, they have a great theme song. Check them out. Show them the Critter love. Wish them a merry Christmas with the hashtag #BrianFosterSmellsLikeCabbage. That's all I got.


Anti-Life Shell?


Ew. Where did it go?


Okay. I'm going to call Trinket away from the wall, so he's going to run down next to Grog.


What are those things on the side?


Oh, you're the lady of the house that I burned down.


Hi. Hi, mirror man. Listen.


Vax? (laughter)


Oh, fuck, yes, we have an underwater breathing kit, that we bought at the store. There's two of them.


All right. If in claiming it we can get someone, some sort of religious person in here to clear it for us, making sure that it's-- Pike would be an option.


Grog! The sword pulled you into it! You were dead, your soul was with whatever the fuck is in there now.


Oh, that's right, you're--


It's all right. Jester drew it, I remember it, we're good.


Like a dome, like a bubble dome? How do you mean?


Yes. I'm only sad that one got away.


Please. That's much better! Okay. 14. No, don't-- sorry, I rolled a 14. 24!


(sighs) That's a longer conversation.


Let's eat the food that won't last and return, cook the boar and return.


That palette swap's terrible. (laughter)


Oh God, oh God, oh God.


Cashed out-say.


Investigation? Seven.


Talking to my people here!


Yeah. I look at you all. I say  I never let it leave my side. I turn around and go in my bag, and I'm digging through my bag. I'm like: It's not this, not that one. I've got all these little trinkets of things, even little drawings that I've made and stuff like that. They're little houses and clouds and stuff. I pull out this thing, and it's a sphere. It's made of all these intricate little puzzle pieces. I'm like: See, I can move it around, but I'm not quite sure what it does. But it's clearly really pretty.


Wow. I want to go look.


Checking the stats.


I've been curious precisely how long the lag is, because--


But the overall mission is to get-- Don't say anything?


What are we talking about now?


Which is really what you want.


It's for everybody's.


Piercing damage...


I mean, I just, normally that happens.


Just in case you need a sword.


Oh. That was really uncomfortable.


God damn it! I can't do this anymore.


Okay, so a 12 for me. Am I caught, as well?


That Critters have power.


You're not? Okay.


Is near the end, ja, right here.


I half-heartedly do a Gust cantrip while still sitting next to Vex.


Can I now move it now?


I think we would feel comfortable going along for the ride and seeing this thing through to the end.


Okay. Natural 20!


Very wet!


I don't know, I hope not. You should use the dust of tracelessness, Grog, just so our footsteps aren't seen.


Oh, I totally should've given a speech.


I sit one up in the corner, and I sit the other one, and lean it on his shoulder.


Wait. I got to find my spell that actually does the thing that I said I could do.


Oh no, Grog.


There is tea. Would you like some tea?


It is a big ten.


Oh man, I can't wait to get mine! (laughter)


I don't know what either of those things are.


Ball of vines in the air.


No, that's a plus two to spell attack rolls. I can't use my--?


Job opportunity.


He only has two horns, right?


Just went around.


I don't think she can do it like we think.


Oh, rad.


What's 17 plus four?


Oh. That's a ten.


Cats can see your soul.


We're looking for anything she's written about where the last fruit tree is, the last temple.


What man is that?


I mean, I can make a giant whirlpool.


Are you in the show, too?


We could advertise for Gilmore.


Don't worry, we'll get like three more.


But he only has two tentacles left.


(screams) First one, first one, first one. Which of you?


I hold my fist way up high to Scanlan on Grog's shoulder for a silent little exploding fist bump.


-- 'cause it is one of those things that is pretty clutch down there.


I know. I will say, Tary, I think you are special. You have very large dangling bits. Along with your earring. Very large other bits.


Okay. 18, with a minus two.


You guys are fucking each other up.


(hooting)


Or do we want to send somebody in first and act like they're here to serve it, and then we all spring in and surprise it? What do you want to do?


Do you have a reminder of him? Any items?


What do they call you?


Retro tee, critter cap, Mighty Nein tee, Vox Machina pin.


Is this new stealth?


I don't know what we'd be researching. The guy who sent us on the mission doesn't even know what it is.


Giant purple lollipop.


But your brother.


And then, bonus action to put my mask on in case anything more gassy happens.


Oh, I think we are.


I'd like to cast a spell.


So I'm the distraction and the lookout.


No! Philip is dead. There is no Philip. There is only Grog, the Vengeful. (cheering)


Did you cast Pass Without a Trace?


I'm going-- I will help with that. I've got a very, very large--


A 2.


Nott has to roleplay every meal.


Including Yasha, who I assume took her share.


See if he has a Choco Taco or -


And how much in platinum?


I'm not going to volunteer to speak for anybody, but I know I'm better when I'm up in close.


Should we tar him?


22!


Nine times!


Oh yeah, let's drink and fight. That's a good idea.


Trinket's gonna be a whale.


Okay, I'll do it! I'll do it! I'm going to pull some Gambit moves and try to-- right through the door. Toss it back.


How much is a pound of dragon scales worth to you?


That was excellent.


Oh boy. Four.


25 gold!


Ch-yeah! Now I'm going to put on my British Knight Sneakers and see that brand-new movie, Labyrinth. (laughter)


Wait, let me see.


13Modem, "Thanks Critical Role team." thisisbonertown: "The least I can do for entertaining all of us."


Oh, stop, why would you want to put it out there?!


I could skip my daughter's birthday.


Do you all ever broach the area or do you just stay clear of it?


Third attack is a 21.


I'm just free-dripping saliva in and on the plate.


She agreed to keep his secret and he had a wonderful time before his memory fades.


That was the most horrible thing I've ever had to do. I'm not prepared to talk to people about those things.


Blood. He wants blood?


Yeah, I'll do that.


A lot of store fronts and things that are closed up for the night.


See, it's a book about leadership, clearly it wants to communicate something to me--


We would have to camp inside the cave-in.


In Yug'Voril, at the bottom of that pit, when he headbutted the giant.


There's really long words.


One more thing though, our other offer was for 10,000 gold. Seems like maybe you could match that just to make it a little bit more equal?


I don't know what video very specifically--


Jug goes away.


Oh, yeah, they all hit.


Listen, thank you for coming up here and stuff. I don't really know what to do with the others.


It's time for a bath.


Ew!


A great service to organize everything D&D. Rules, spells, character sheets, and more, all with a pesky pen and paper?


Investigation? 19.


Okay, I'm going to Hunter's Mark it! And then I'm going to attack it with an arrow.


I'm sorry. You're right, I'm sorry. Please don't judge me. It's morning, it's also unseasonably cold in here. That's why it's so small. Don't judge me.


I love that everyone did that at the same time. That's all I needed. Well, great. We'll find this solution to the diving in the morning, and then in a day or two we'll make our way?


Tova fire.


What if we all have to push every button at the same time?


That was my trigger.


Drinking territory.


13 points of damage. Slashing damage.


Is it going to be dexterity checks?


It has pictures!


Religion check. Okay, well, that's terrible.


Did I fail? With a nine?


Okay well how about this, I think the seal is going to be good; I think any type of money amount mentioned in any of the letters and then we cross that and leave that type of amount of gold in the-- like there's been a money hand off.


Do I get any jump on that Slow spell I tossed out at the last second of the episode? Yeah, I said "I start casting Slow," and you said, "That's where we'll pick up next week."


After the 20?


Googly eyes it is. Thank you very much.


You dick! (Marisha laughs)


Mr. Mistoffelees, come back!


Really fast.


They've taken me in and they're showing me the ropes of adventure, and we've already done quite a lot. We were on a boat that was attacked.


It’ll flip the situation. Dolan, I believe, was saying that with the High-Richter in place, she was favoring Sutan. And now she is gone, Dolan will hopefully take that seat. If he takes that seat, Dolan is not going to protect Lord Sutan in the way that he claimed that the High-Richter was.


(blows raspberry) Nine.


That seems nice. It's like a Snuggie.


Yeah. So, whatever plan we come up with, one branch of the future is complete bullshit improvisation for if we fall into the shit.


I guess I'll hold, I'll hold, to see what the hell's happening.


Okay, got it. Sorry guys, sorry. I'm back.


You're a good friend. Please don't ever ask me about my sex life.


Can I help you?


Your eyes are like the swamp. Super muddy.


As you can see, Firecracker Alley was constructed after the revolt of the Haybales of 1874... 39.


There's three rooms and they all have windows.


I'm not up yet. I'm still in the water. I haven't even started to get up yet.


We're going straight there?


Well, if they can make themselves not look like themselves, then sure.


Okay. I don't want to draw attention to myself, so that'll be that.


Watching her, I pull out another five and spread them in front of the first nine.


Can anybody shrink Trinket, too?


We do quite well... in the on season.


Seeing that, I'm going to do the buddy arm around the shoulder and pull my sister in close.


We had a code word.


Yeah, boring here.


Can I see through the dark with my night vision?


She was making arrows.


Okay, 16.


And that's a one.


That's a 30 to hit.


Let's go see who's left.


Oh hey, I've got all my hit dice back. That's nice.


Is it really the lowest?


Or we go check out what's farther along.


I'll do the higher ground. That's exciting.


Fuck yeah! Nipple tits.


I just tweeted out links to the store from the @criticalrole twitter handle.


Maybe they'll have nicer things. Arts. Culture.


2d6 plus three.


Does that mean we get to run into a fight?


Just a minor thing. While we're traveling, I'm going to use my minor alchemy to turn a ring of the wood in the cart-- I'm sitting criss-cross applesauce-- and I make a ring of copper in the bottom of the wagon and place this stone in it. I place both hands on the side of the stone and I'm trying to channel my knowledge and ability into it. I'm futzing with it, that's it.


Didn't he hang him on the Sun Tree?


Hey you guys!


I hold her up to the upper left corner of the doorway.


No, we're not doing that tonight.


Does the light ever change being underground?


Are they all the same color? Every lodestone looks the same?


-- was enough to win over your good graces. I've watched you in these last few battles, and you have been powerful--


I love you, buddy.


She met her, like, in the flesh. You didn't cry, did you?


I actually-- I actually like this idea, Scanlan.


Yeah, we're really, really good.


What were you thinking? Were you thinking of Umbrasyling this shit, were you going to black dragon dig your way down?


(yells) A lot of that? There's a lot of just open-mouthed (yells)?


Is no one staying behind or--?


I know. Yeah, I'm not going to be able to type that in. I'll write that down.


I don't remember anything.


Well then, I would go leave some flowers at the grave.


Frumpkin comes around a corner and Caleb sees that the entire party has left him in the cart, snaps out of it and scrabbles out, and starts hustling over that way.


It scares evil things away. It's like a Pike-y thing.


I'm gonna cast Protection from Poison on Keyleth.


All right, I want to preface this with, last week I misspoke, I thought I had one Luck left as I used it, but I got it backwards, so I have one Luck left this week in case I want to use it.


Yeah. On it. Natural 19.


You can curse in front of us if you need to, I mean.


What's the creature made out of? What's his skin like when I look at him?


And I walk over to Cassandra. I don't give her the gun, I just say, you're Cassandra?


It also occurs to me, this is an eastern ocean, isn't it? So it would be a sunrise or a sunset for this ocean?


I was also thinking about the weird cough that you have. I don't think you're getting sick. What's going on? Oh, and we've tunneled, right? We're below the ground.


Yeah, more wine!


There's three? There's three, not two?


Yeah, sure. It's, that was a four, ten.


Last night?


What's going on? Oh my god, Ashley's here! Oh my god, you're here! Okay, sorry. You were recapping.


I'll be in the middle.


It was so wonderful! We're an 80s cartoon, guys!


What's that do again?


Wait, my armor?


To be fair, Scanlan, I never disappeared to begin with!


Right. And so is the big white fuck, right?


Yeah. It gives him strength.


Also tried to locate Dr. Dranzel in an effort to find Scanlan, but was unsuccessful.


I thought you were going to die! I may have panicked.


Do we need to go back, I don't know, sleep for the night?


No. Well, yes, you all need-- (laughter)


I will also enter the arm wrestling competition.


How near do the voices sound?


What's her size?


I already rolled terribly for Pike.


I was going to do this on my own.


Can he feel if we touch him? I poke him in the forehead.


Can we locate creature, see how close he is?


Please! I have just been hugging it non-stop.


Sure, I'll bring it as far as we've gone.


This horn?


I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that.


This is the only thing I actually know about this continent, is that there's tobacco.


Do I need to roll on advantage to see if I get a 20?


I'll say, Doty! Carry him to the edge of the cliff.


And I'm swirling around, I'm like, does this feel good, giant?


Do you have something because of your hit?


Buttonbeard knows who touches his treasure and who doesn't.


Why don't I go, and then you can go. Hey, you guys. I just want to make sure all of you are aware-- this is going to be so awkward-- I want to make sure you're all aware of a Kickstarter that's out there that is put up by a good friend of mine named Joe Madureira. Now if you don't know who Joe is, he is a comic book rock god and a game developer. When I was a teenager, he made a comic book called Battle Chasers. Look, here's mine. From when I was 16, Joe. I fell in love with it. Nobody does art like Joe Mad does, and I've followed his art for years and years. Even when I fell out of comic books, I was checking in with Hellboy and I was checking in with Joe Mad. And then, years later, I got cast in a game called Darksiders as one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. I played War, and I walked into the room and Joe Mad was in the fucking room, and then we became friends. So that game was amazing. Darksiders is a beautiful game. It just reeked of Joe's art style and now he has formed another company called Airship Syndicate and they have a Kickstarter up. They are making a game called Battle Chasers. Oh shoot! I didn't put the thing that comes-- oh, Nightwar! Battle Chasers: Nightwar. They've already hit their goal, but there are stretch goals. They are making an RPG, sort of in the ilk of JRPGs, like Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger. And it's just going to be bathed in the glory of Joe Mad's amazing art style. So they've hit their goal, but the bigger the budget, the better the game is going to be. I backed it already. And you guys should at least go check it out. A lot of love for Joe Mad.


Hurry up and stuff that thing back in her bag.


I think we can risk it for now.


All right, let's go scout. I cast Wind Walk on everybody.


Are you trying to go through me to him?


Yeah. Are you coming back to Whitestone, as well? Scanlan, I mean Aes-- is he coming back?


I think we get to pick one here.


Well, and she's unconscious.


It's cute.


Can the Meat Man join us?


Yeah, can I get against the wall further in? Yeah, right there, that's good.


Well, that's what I mean.


Okay, we're not going to die.


I'll go down in the bushes, thanks.


Definitely be back in a week. Wait, do you have any herbalism kits?


Fenthras? Can't Fenthras do something?


Yeah, I don't know what the crown is.


(sighs) I know.


Voyeur.


What's the name of the movie about the Cow von Trapp family? The Sound of Moo-sic.


Haven't you been working for the circus for two years?


Would you join the stagecoach robbery?


Big one point of damage.


Look at how big he is compared to us!


(pants) I reach down and I grab the scalding-hot daggers again, and I lift them up, and lunge and sink into its ribs.


"I'm right here, Matt."


Are we going-- Silently, quietly walking up to the front door?


They seem like they've quieted down.


Mead.


Oh, to seven to get to 12.


A cart.


Let's take a look, at least.


I was hoping that perhaps we could talk about some engineering possibilities of finding ways that science can measure what it is where magic cannot. Something safe.


Uriel. As thanks for bringing you this gift, we need to run Grog out once in a while. Might he have the honor of removing this shitstain from the world?


I can't use this, so I'll just leave it.


There's no way to--


I take my dagger and stick it in about a centimeter and say, your master is gone, it's just you and your friends here now, I think it's in your best interest to talk. You could walk away from here. You don't have to die if you can play nicely.


It's an earthquake. The trees fell down! Keyleth! Your spells are too powerful!


I'm already looking for traps, looking for danger.


Right now I'm looking at the back of Grog's ass. But I got a 19.


Has there been something else going on, that you can think of, that might have cut off their food supply?


Five little lit candles.


Oh! A fucking hourglass? (yelling)


I am carrying the robe on Bad News like a stank rag, at this point, through the hallway.


I still have half a dose. I think it would be real funny to plant it on somebody and get them busted later.


How do we get everyone out?


Why would they have a patrol in a sewer system?


It creates eight gallons of fresh water.


Cause Fabron doesn't seem to know which way his ass is, so.


It looks that way, but I also have a strapping-sized bladder, and I've been known to leave strapping-sized messes in corners. You see, I don't really come from all this finery, so the side of the wall is just as good with me. It's just I'm trying to be polite.


Windows are swing-down-in-able.


But I'm not done, so, pushing myself up and trying to focus on the one on the ground and seeing double, hand on the glove, tighten it, and I'm going to release three rays from it and-- hit the mic first-- and then hit the ettin on the ground. Is that at advantage because he's down?


We stashed it.


Ooh, hello Keyleth. Fly the friendly skies.


It's Tiberius.


(drunkenly) I'm just going to go in there and get the gnolls.


Or I can summon the dragon. [cheering]


I wake up to the terrible-- Ugh! What is that? Grog!


That's why he had no feetsies.


Fucking skinny dippers. What the fuck? Polar Bear Plunge.


I'm just making it look really pretty.


Good! This is like a Tuesday for us.


Thank you. Ugh.


So newsflash  the fog is bad. We probably need a new hideout.


He's not as dumb as he seems.


Nott-- Bren?


It’s all about this, er, an ice thing--


Is that your cousin?


How would I know? Seems worth a shot. I'm too tired to be angry.


Oh! I'm four feet from the door? I don't do that.


But what if he just controls the giant?


Yeah, anything that'll just split up where he looks. That's all I wanna do.


Oh, I'm allocating my funds to other things, my friend, I'm sorry.


We're above them in rank.


Everything's under control. We're alive.


He always said hands off. No matter how many times I tried.


Still standing?


What's your job with the Remnants?


I'd say a week.


Again, 29. Yeah.


Can I try and jump through the hole like he did?


Just ignore him, really. How about that?


-- there's literally nothing I can do.


And they trolled me!


Just to see if he actually saw anything or not.


I put some Ashari decorative stuff around it.


We go in.


I would not say no to a Ring of Lightning Resistance.


Oh. Still terrible. Ten.


I did. But it's clear that this man knows who we are and why we've come.


They're new?


That's okay. I'm going to also use my bonus action to light my other sword.


Is there any metal canisters in there, of any kind?


Ooh! That's dexterity plus proficiency?


Surprisingly, yes. We won.


Oi, did she pick it up already?


Okay. I am going to cast Earthbind on him.


Then the keen dagger follows. That is a 27.


I got 15.


He's downstairs for now, but I am in constant communication with him.


Grapple and pull him down.


I will bonus action Healing Word Pikey-poo, which is for me-- what is Healing Word? It's 2d4 plus six?


I'm trying, I'm trying.


You don't have beast shape?


Oh, I do want to give Trinket a round of combat, so yes.


Literally?


But can I go talk to Keyleth, actually? I did want to ask you--


The whole lot.


I'm not an elemental anymore.


Home again, home again.


Thanks, Pike. I thought it might help. Just in case.


Travis, move your butt! I've got to get Trinket through!


Ooh! I have Danger Sense. I have advantage on dexterity saving throws.


That will hit.


In the interim while we're waiting for that to happen, I'm going to do two things. One, I'm going to cast Mage Armor on myself, and I'm also going to pull a book out of one of the holsters and spend ten minutes changing Frumpkin into a spider!


What?! What?! No!


1d6 plus four.


They were attacking us, they were attacking him!


No. No, I made a choice. This is my family. My old family left me to die.


I'll take the daggers, unless you can use them to throw, I can throw them at things, I think?


We're running the risk of as we come down on Duergar, going (groans).


He'll look like Eternity from Marvel Comics. He'll be this star bear--


I know you, so I'll ask you later, too.


Okay, I'll take some.


Well, that makes something. Could we at least find out who he was before we leave town?


Yeah, good call.


Didn't think I'd make it here. I couldn't have done any of this without not only the support of every person in Zephra, and every person of the Ashari tribe, members of Emon, Tal'Dorei, Marquet, even Wildmount. In my journeys, I've learned being a leader is a global effort, one that takes the wisdom of many. Most importantly, I couldn't have done any of this without Vox Machina. And the pieces of them that I've taken away and have desperately tried to emulate in each one of them over the years. Each one of them with qualities that I admire and strive to embrace. Grog, with his strength and his unyielding loyalty. Vex, with her self-confidence and utter fearlessness. Vax is one of the most compassionate people I think I've ever come across and one of the most brave, even if it's maybe foolish. Percival, with your intelligence and your sensibility, is always there to be my balance. Scanlan, with his charisma and his wit. Pike--


Okay, so that's a bite attack. Triple the dice?


I understand. You're also carrying a mansion or something.


That's a weird magic question.


Scanlan, as much as you can say that you were just the funny guy who played music and made jokes, I don't think you realize how desperately we need that. That's nothing to scoff at, that's not a talent that many of us naturally possess. You've taught me so much about the brightness of the world, and to look at the light side of things.


How about a high roll? Nope.


You're ghosting?


Maybe to the front side.


Honestly, the game itself is what's of value to me. I am just happy to win and keep my winning streak alive. What I get out of it is meaningless.


No, we can just go, like I was saying five minutes ago. Let's just go.


So looking at Plane Shift, it says you can use this spell to banish an unwilling creature to another plane. But I can also transport eight willing creatures, so can I hold the sword and attempt to Plane Shift it away?


She parkours!


(whispers) That's good.


Oh! So it wasn't so bad, they just slowly drained you.


Yes, yes. And we found a rogue one, and we may team up with him-- or her?-- to go back and get revenge and maybe kick some ass in the camp.


Kajimal. Kajimal. His name's Michael Jackson.


Oh, is that the one you don't like? Okay, then we'll go up through Alfield, and then Zadash, and then we'll cut across and go to Hupperdook.


Would we have the same sort of timetable for this mission, a month?


No, Demedan was clumsy with his information.


Maybe it's better.


Low light.


Keyleth goes hard, yeah. No, I got the traditional Ashari tattoos of the mantle across her chest and shoulders to mimic that.


The John Doe of demons, really.


Go fishing with you?


A natural 20.


Excellent mime work.


Well-oiled machine, that party.


So you know how to do that?


That was the most impressive segue I've ever encountered.


This is going to be the best night ever.


Let's go. (as Grog) That worked way better than I thought. Like we should-- I mean-- (as Fjord) should we look around for stuff or what? (laughter)


I didn't know about the shirts until we showed up. That's just been in process.


Fuck, I forgot to cast Hex. Goddamn it. Can I throw my bonus in there really quick?


Into an outhouse!


Oh, he would've--


Yeah. I've got to do the math. 22.


Including me inside the treant?


Do you know how deep it is to the bottom there? Is it deep, deep ocean, or just medium-ocean?


I'm in the short term more confused and worried about my sister.


But he's not fighting for us because of a spell right now. We convinced him.


You too.


Shady Debaters!


I want to look through the remains.


No, she's a lady.


I just know there were people shooting through this window and through this window, so I'm doing a perimeter around.


I turn into the fetal position to cower and cover.


Why don't we all head down there?


Can I just ask how everybody-- humor me-- feels after today?


What's your character's name?


Simultaneously, Caleb will slap his hand down on Keg's shoulder and send Frumpkin on the ceiling or on the first floor, towards the stairwell at the front of the building.


12!


It does, yeah. I would live right on the water if I could. Yeah.


Oh, it's beautiful! Is it a special someone?


Yeah, we're playing.


She is Mistress of the Grey Hunt of Whitestone, Baroness of the First House of Whitestone. She is my heart and my judgment and the future that I have chosen, and she is the one that I have betrothed to.


She's the worst.


Absolutely. And we want to stay together, and if they're thinking that this is not working out, we have to do something to change that. I don't know about going in and starting to lie to a bunch of people. Is that going to make them--


Sleep on top of it.


Thank you. All the gold, all the gold.


Can I keep an eye on them as they're walking to their room? Just as long as I can see their mouths moving, I can read their lips.


Should we get back to our world?


Or I... lose the peregrine and go back to something else a little less noticeable.


Do we want to push on, or do we want to rest? We should push on.


He moved really far in one turn.


Oh. Oh my god. I rolled a one and a natural 20. (cheering)


I'm singing to help him, to inspire him. "(singing) Push it, push it real good! Push it, push it real good!"


Fanged smiles.


Monstrous or--?


Any towels. Ooh, you know what?


(yelps) Shit, she's awake!


Well, I just start looking for what I need.


Waterfall. Ah! I retrieve the magic carpet.


New character would be rough, man.


How far away is he?


I-- what? What is happening?


Don't drink the water.


I've already started working on camouflage--


Pull the helmet off. Arkhan, pull the helmet off!


Wait, we're going down?


Matt Key makes a cameo, sorry. Not you.


If you would simply point towards the exit, I would be most obliged.


Fucking werewolf guy look good.


Yeah. Take this hat and put it on. (laughter)


I wanted it around his neck, just to make him annoyed.


Yeah, let's keep going.


Yuli. It's Mona and Yuli. I'm going to try one of the other tents. Am I getting the sense that any of them are in?


I'm going to smack the poisoned one with my battleaxe.


Nice. (Matt laughs)


I like your gall. And I pour more ale in.


Well then fuck it, I'm gonna just stay where I am.


Do you still have Polymorph?


We are not going bring this woman's life down in a shambles because she is an asshole, I mean, we are assholes. Ja? For different reasons.


You look handsome in any hair.


Fuck you, Dylan! (all laugh)


I could have done a bat, but it's too late for that now.


It's okay, I'm good. 34.


Oh, and it's not red! Oh, that's so weird.


You want it to be a dream.


(sings) G-N-O-L-L.


Yes, that’s fair.


So the first is high.


Yeah, you've lifted people with it. You've grabbed people.


Oh man, you're seeing me at a relatively calm moment, actually.


Do you want us to hold anything? Do you want to wear your clothes?


And I walk in. Hey. Boss. I got you the bullets.


We heard it with our passive perception.


Help! Then I'm going to tap my staff to wake up my beetles as my bonus action. My beetles are going to make a bite attack on that. I actually have that information now thanks to the update.


Yeah, let's go post up.


Okay, how about I don't move and somebody with flying ability go to check out that blue glowy window?


Will he survive it? I don't think he is undead.


I mean, you've mentioned Sir Cadigan being a big old meanie several times. What did he do? Did you witness something?


I think you're mad to think we can do that. I think that you're mad to think we're actually going to see her again before the final confrontation.


The Fetters?


A little bit; this isn't Percy's, but (caws). (laughter)


I'm hidden on the other side of the wall, so would I have been sitting there on my broom, like, as the wall has shifted away from me?


I'm lying great.


Oh, it's that kind of city.


We survived!


I'm going to put this out here, that we just received an apology. This sort of behavior should be rewarded.


Leave her. Somebody else--


Well. A lot of times I think that maybe the Traveler has left me and I think maybe things are going poorly and he doesn't like me anymore, but sometimes he'll just show up after a while and tell me that I was on the right path all along, and he just made it fun for me to find it again.


No, let him find them.


We're trying to get into the center of this, all of this?


Did you see the little ball, the little grey ball?


You could make a really good move of it by helping her get out of the stockade.


Could you tell us at least what the landscape is like in that direction, what is over there?


I would if any of my fucking party would for once tell me something. You all didn't tell me the full fucking story when we went back into General Krieg's house, and now look what happened. Look what happened because you assholes aren't communicating.


Actually, technically yes. Technically, yes. My sex ability--


What if they have some sort of psychic communication, and what if this is their spawning ground? What if the Sun Tree is their spawning ground?


That's a spell?


Should we let him sleep or should we talk to him?


Yeah, she is! Right, yeah, and she is back there? Oh, and there they are. Okay, lovely. Underwater, is her speed halved?


I'm giving them privacy.


And now I'm Hexing. I'm going to give him a disadvantage on strength checks.


(gasps) 28 points?!


I think it is definitely an option, though. If we can lure it out of hiding and get it into the center of the room.


Are employees eligible?


Well, we killed Clarota and K'Varn, but we, there was a lot of bad guys down there that we could not kill--


Little bit of that reach around.


Oh god no. That was cocked, and I just moved it. Oh good, that’s worse. Four.


Oh, I don't know.


I'm grateful for your time.


Some of us are champions. Some of them don't like them. Some of them worship them but don't really get respect. What's yours?


Oh, I don't have a position in the city. I'm just the smith.


Hang on, I will say, a second Scanlan will immediately clue in Vecna that there's some trickery magic going on.


We're going to make sure we walk around the trap that is still active in the front--


No, I don't think--


(cawing)


I fucked up.


What are you doing here? You working here now?


Percy, 18.


And we know that one of the other two barrel names resides in that place that we found. The countess, what was her name? The doctor?


Oh, d10 inspiration. Come on.


Did Sherri find my book? Sherri?


You can turn into an alley?


Can I have tried to find any information on the conflict on the Xhorhas border?


Did you say, I'm sorry, 41? Four-one? Okay.


I'm attuning! I'm locking it in.


I just want you to understand, you're going to have to feed it, take care of it, clean up after it.


That's a disadvantage roll.


Why am I laughing at that?


You know when you look at a cat that's alarmed because it's nervous and all the hair is puffed out? Vax's feathers are all going like pffft, watching Keyleth wreck the boat, I could fucking watch you do this all day. Up into the air, and I go and get Tary out of the water.


62? Okay.


I saw that, and I walk as far forward as I can with my movement and start stirring the pot on Chromatic Orb. I have one left. I will use ice damage and I will send it out and I knock it off my hand towards the manticore. Come on, please.


With his feet?


(shouting) It's all for Molly!


Sorry, I'm a little-- maybe next time, it's a round on you, right?


The Soltryce Academy thing?


Help us out, here. I'm Molly, and I-- Give my friends more to go with. Give them something, some reason to trust you, to make sure that this is not going to come back and bite us in the ass. I mean, that's what we're looking for, here, is a reason for us to be able to walk away.


There it goes!


Man, I love bullshitting.


You have a bear.


I love rocks!


This is fine. Just so I have cover. Right in the doorway.


Oh no. She's so drunk.


(mouth full) Yeah.


It's fine. I'm just a little hungover from being dead, and I just have been thinking for a while, and, you know. Grog has Pike. Vax has Keyleth. Percy has Vex. But Scanlan has no one, and I had one chance at one real relationship with my daughter, and I feel like you've gone and fucked it up, too. Because you don't really know me, and you don't really know what my relationship is with her, and what I've promised her, or anything, really. And it's fine. When I met you all, I was just a funny little man playing songs, and that's all I'll ever really be. And that's okay, because I can take care of myself.


All right, I have to switch dice. That's 1d10 plus 1d6 psychic. I'll burn another one point of Cabal into that.


The broken one.


Ooh, that's fun.


I mean, we would have had to have had--


That's a pretty big matzo ball there.


Gilmore's Glorious Goods shirt, the preorder shirt will be shipping out next week. We'll be using this time to ignore what's happening over here while the Gilmore's Glorious Goods shirts ship out next week.


I wish I knew more about Loot Crate right now.


We need to get coins.


I somehow feel like that's worse.


I would like to rush up where Scanlan is, and attack that little guy on the ground there.


Gosh. I'd like to go get him, but I really want him to wake up on his own accord.


Maybe a little.


(laughs) Which is weird.


I'm sorry. I'll buy you another one.


Use this one; it's quicker.


No, but I can keep very good count, though.


You don't understand, we haven't been apart in about--


That actually sounds really good.


And I give Kynan just a gentle little clap on the cheek and say, I'm glad you're fitting in.


Come on, Vax.


There are more worlds than these.


Because he already has it.


Yeah, okay. I start moving my hand in an arcane motion and I reach back at that building over to my side there, and a crate full of food, a wooden crate, starts to jiggle and rockets through the air at the held fool in front of Beauregard. I'm casting Catapult at third level.


An arrangement, you and he?


To the pools.


(laughing) You're a nothing. You're a nobody!


16. And I push the 16 gold forward.


I want to ride on a horse today!


Okay. I try to draw the outline of the remaining glyph on his head.


Hi, Scanlan.


Because fathers can be assholes.


The question is, do we want to?


Your mother might know for sure.


Can I sense anything near us? Can I sense vampires above us?


We've been in a cell. It's not fun.


Frumpkin is going to fly over towards this gentleman and try to, with talons, rake across his head. With advantage because he's stunned, yeah? That's a 15 or an 18.


We need 60 seconds to get out of here is what we need. We need 60 uninterrupted seconds.


I find all of this very agreeable.


I have been carrying this for you.


And just spill it all out the bottom. (all talking at once)


I'm a motherfucking human barometer!


Okay, I’m going to take a couple -


Is it okay with--?


Have we heard this name before?


Technically, hair of the dog would be poisoning him again this morning.


What did he have, that orc piece of shit, he had what that made him come back?


-- and I reverse it.


It was really good?


Yeah, that's great. I'm kind of into it!


Shouldn't we start walking?


As my bonus action, I'm gonna spend two sorcery points and do it again. So I roll for that. It's a 22.


So we have to find them.


And I think our group has become a little spoiled. We're not your ordinary group of idiots. We have blessings.


He called you 'antlers'.


Cali, that is a very good idea.


That is a really good amount of money. 200 gold is a lot of money, you guys.


We are going to look around now is what we're doing.


So it's one-time use, so we're good to go in this way if we'd like.


(laughs) Barry Barrington!


Oh no, I'm not. Just me enjoying a head wound.


We're leasing with an option to buy.


Sorry, sweetheart. And I feel the dagger go--


You have a deeper understanding of the tragedy of that.


They're not that clever.


Can you read my mind?


Same thing. 19.


We could do a hand chain.


Oh. I land and Lay on Hands


Stop the game!


No no no! It's about what I expected.


That's totally different.


Think so. Yeah, probably nude. Probably put clothes on to be nice around us.


I know, but you know.


You guys want to go anywhere? Pumat told me that the Hall of Erudition is really cool and has some cool things in it if we wanted to check it out. Or! We could go kill The Gentleman!


Actually, it's 27.


Hey guys! Guys, check it out! Ah, Ah.


This is great. I think that this is a guide. We know what we need to know because of these bowls. I think we need all three of these versions of the spells placed in each of these points.


Act like it hurt, you fuck!


Never been.


Oh no. 29.


I would just like to point out that we're 9 adults playing don't touch the hot lava at the moment. (all laugh)


Oh, him? Okay.


Are we still going?


As we approach, I take a little muck and I'm going to draw like a little tree on my forehead and one on Keyleth's forehead as well.


I'll sign it.


Another four, total of ten.


Yes, this is a terrible idea. Do not do this. Do not do this. You will die. And I take a run and jump head into the--


You said that you could send a message?


Owlbears!


No, they live outside the-- I mean, they're not even really related to the clans.


Let's mansion for the night and then I think in the morning. We can't find him tonight. Can we?


Technically, fire damage should be good.


(whispering) Seven days.


"I'm flying!"


It does a lot of damage if it hits.


Actually, I'll throw out that I crept back in ahead of that, so in there, hiding.


Can he cannonball into her? To try to catch her?


Did it look like he was in pain?


Let's get out of this place.


Sure, I'll hold onto it for that long.


Oh! Can I Invoke Duplicity? No, I already did it. I get it twice!


What is it? What's going on?


Sneak right in there.


Put it away, Keyleth. Put it away for the rest of the night.


Yeah, no, look I'm not trying to pick a fight with a dragon, I'm just going to make sure that dragonborn are there and we can help them.


That's just the dice is doubled, so four, it's ten.


Right, so I'm going to swing up underneath Keyleth's arm, and then I've already clicked the boots, so dagger, dagger... dagger.


Promise me that you will not go through my things anymore when I'm not around, and that the items that I have belong to me?


All right, so DC 15.


The fable goes on to say that if you hand it to one of your friends, you will shit everywhere. Immediate bowel loss. Green apple splatters all over your feet, just awful.


Yeah, 1d4 for-- this is my poison dagger. Two, eight, okay, I'm doing my Sneak Attack damage, here we go, four, nine, 12, 18, yeah, 23. Total for that, 62 points of damage.


It's my turn still.


(whispers) Oh my gosh.


There two invisibles, and then another soldier who I have already Dominated. He still hasn't had a turn?!


(yelling) Shut the fuck up, Vex!


Don't-- put your hands in your pockets.


If I'm undead, then I shouldn't be here with you, all of you.


There's definitely no vampires there. None.


Yeah, we thought that would be fun.


I don't want to go near this place. We should either talk to them, or run away right now.


She's amazing.


It does get warm in here, just a little bit.


Is there a door over there?


Oh my god, that's amazing. Oh, that's a one.


It looks really good. Do you want to add any jewels in it?


Can't deal.


He did such a good job with the dialogue.


I am running straight towards what's-his-name, Kerrion? Is at the desk, so I just run right towards the desk, I step against the desk, leap up in the air and go (stabbing sound) into his shoulders.


Although I don't think we're going to have time for that. If you're going to join us, you're going to have to work for your food, you understand?


You get an additional die.


Have you solved it? Is it a puzzle?


Superman punch!


What is suiting you right now?


I'm sure it will, but I don't know if I could kill one in one shot. Instead I will, using my goblin feet claws, just dig in and I'm going to go upside down so I can see into where Beau is and shoot one of the ones next to her.


Okay. I think we're going to have to have a talk circle. Right now.


We're trying to fight corruption in this city in our own way. We just need to know who we can trust and who we can't.


You're gross, Marisha.


As we get clear of the bar, (popping) I'm going to get down off of Yasha. (laughter)


We are looking for a dragon. Specifically, a white dragon, and we know it is to the north--


How about one more hour? We'll all compromise.


A sniper?


Well, fuck. Guess he's not into us now.


Solid, then let's try it.


We've got some time, and I feel like this city is an opportunity to find some more advantages.


So two questions and one of them is, is my Rite still on?


That's why I was going to crouch down and shoot the arrow super low to the ground.


What are dragonites?


Since you've met me.


We depower them, so they'll be weak when they go against Vecna.


16, is what I rolled.


Well, I'm all about Pandora and her box, but I don't think we really need this. It's not worth all of that. Especially if we're going to Vasselheim.


Can we breathe some air? Please?


He still looks nonplussed? Just chill?


I don't think flying fish actually fly, though.


Okay, nine.


I haven't gotten there yet.


Two years! I wanted to do it last Christmas! I'm mostly ready. We'll see what happens.


We don't, we don't, we just don't want him to have Percy.


Open the box and see what it's doing.


The five of the Magic Missiles will spiral around Fish Dick's head and come in at a different angle, and five of them go (impacts).


Okay, I'm going to get up.


Your accent's amazing.


Do you take any of the gold out secretly before you hand it over to her?


Any fortifications would be helpful.


They in control.


There's no such thing!


Probably still not enough.


You keep leaving.


Should I go up?


Yeah, it was you two doubled up and I had one.


19. No, that's a-- yeah, 19.


Yeah! Chicken!


Technically, reroll ones. Three, four, five, six, seven. Yeah, each creature. Hit or miss, the shard then explodes.


Wait! Let's not be hasty! My god, it's beautiful!


No, I'm curling around the door.


I just don't, okay. No! Range  ten feet! It does say range: ten feet.


Is it Jamedi?


Thanks, pal.


Ja, that's a feather. That's just a feather. It's good looking, though.


Don't move. He can't see us if we don't move.


So would the Darringtons simply work for you?


We gotta stop.


Well, I guess we we’ll just have to find a letter within their house, and then I can forge it right away.


What? Oh, you and I have been together. Did you see?


I'm going to give you a potion, and let's see what I roll. That's (counting) 15 hit points. You're awake again. I'm going to use the rest of my movement to get some cover behind the table, I suppose, is the closest cover I've got right now.


You were born for this stuff.


Yeah, we won't look like crops.


Yeah. It'd be half a dozen dead guards, though.


I hear there is a rather large library here in this city. This is correct, ja?


Those are the ones we saw, though. How do we know how far back the camp goes? How many are in the gate behind it?


I'll try Acid Splash as well.


Yeah! And 20 points of normal damage. 20 normal and 11 points of psychic.


Do I know the answer to that?


I have the skirmisher stealth! As a bonus action at the end of your turn, you can make a dexterity (stealth) check to hide again.


Ashley Johnson, ladies and gentlemen.


I'll keep looking around the room while he--


Goodbye, Kiri. We will send you treasures from all of our travels.


I'm a little iffy, but I'm okay.


Did we hear him talking?


Well, that was fruitful. Let's keep going.


We can hold him.


Is there a way to embed a spell into the ground?


Then I'll take the cloak, I guess. I'm going to take off my spell slot ring. And I put my goodie but my oldie circlet on.


That seems extreme.


Maybe we should just live here instead of going anywhere else.


And then I get extra damage because I did deadshot. So that's plus one, so that will be a-- it's a 2d8 plus five plus ice, because I'm hitting with my ice shot. And that's seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. 14 points of ice damage.


The damage that I chose was necrotic. Six plus half my barbarian level, which would be two, so 18 damage.


It is on. YES.


Yeah, I can do it at will.


Don't hurt it!


So an intersection to go through to get to the right turn past it?


We might die today.


I can pick around the boar; that shouldn't be a problem.


To justify all of this, he's been muttering everything he sees. Bones, bone necklaces, pineapples.


