You can do the tree thing too?


(French accent) I don't know what you're saying. Oh, 'unh'! Oh, I understand now.


When someone kicks him and he poofs, does he automatically go to the other place or does he die for a little bit and come back?


Okay. I'm putting this away and not thinking about this for a little while.


Hi there. I'm a bit of a gambler. I'm known around the worlds as being one of the luckiest men with a deck of cards you've ever met. I've won games in many of the different planes. I see that you collect many treasures that you've won in matches as well. Is that true?


It's still night?


I fire three crossbow bolts.


It already happened.


You're in the Endless Maze of the Abyss. You got to be.


Nice. Okay.


Oh my god, and you know what I just remembered? It doesn't matter, he gets a crit on 19s before and he got a 19.


Nugget. And we are home. Always blink to us.


Yeah, man, commit.


If it gets close enough, just sword, just--


I'm sure the thing is on the verge of death.


Take a slightly different route back, just to try and see more.


Just want to let you know I'm in town and busy.


I don't have much.


It's been acting a little weird. It doesn't give me the attack stuff for it, because it's not linked to it properly.


So you guys, to Beau, to Caleb, to Cad, to Fjord.


I think it's great, you know.


The other members-- Vax, Pike, and Scanlan-- set out to find where the cistern could have drained to. Scanlan leaves to seek out a map of the sewers, while Vax and Pike notice they are being followed through the town. Leading the pursuers into an alley, the shadowed figures attack, eventually knocking them both out. Vax and Pike awaken within the Clasp's headquarters, meeting with one of their leaders, or Spirelings, named Modeth. The Clasp had Sir Gregory's home under surveillance, as bad political stuff can be difficult for the way the Clasp does business, and when our heroes were spotted leaving, they had to be interrogated. Vax reveals his membership to the Clasp sect in Westruun, and Modeth calls for a test of their skills and intent. Pike and Vax are then forced to do battle with a chained chimera in the Clasp's arena. Their might rings true, and the beast falls beneath their weapons, but Modeth is not convinced. While the two are held overnight, they manage to escape from the Clasp's lair, exiting into the night and managing to locate the rest of the party in the Graveyard district. Knowing their next step is to speak with General Krieg, Vax forges a letter of summons using Sir Gregory's handwriting, and the party is allowed entry into the carefully guarded Cloudtop District, the innermost area of the city and home to the Citrine Garrison, as well as Emon's Palace. Approaching the garrison, they have an audience with General Krieg, who seems nice and keenly interested upon learning of the Clasp's involvement. He also mentions the difficulty in talking with Uriel since the attack, and is sad about the death of Sir Gregory, but warns to leave the investigation to the officials. Vox Machina then heads to the palace to try their hand at speaking with Uriel, but entry is barred. They find another is being prevented from entering, a golden-haired woman in fancy blue robes who angrily stomps away from the palace doors. They engage her in conversation, and she reveals herself to be Allura Vysoren, a powerful arcanist and member of the Tal'Dorei Council. They discuss the state of things within the palace, how Uriel is a good and trusted man, but his actions (and those of the Empress Salda) are recently suspect. After seven days of being kept from the council chambers, she's about to give up and leave. The party tells her of their findings, and Allura leads them to her tower within the district to further discuss the matter in private.


I didn't attack yet. No, it was a combined 28, just to go stealth.


Oh my God. Okay, so 12, that's 18 plus 4d8.


I prefer to keep it on the down-low, personally.


Nothing that I can sense.


Ryan, can you hand me those pictures that I had sitting there? Where'd those go? Our giveaway tonight is when we get to 2,950 subs, we're going to give away a 5th Edition Player's Handbook, signed. As well as a signed photo of the Critical Role crew, here. So every 50 subs we'll give away this with a 5th Edition signed Player's Handbook. And that's pretty much it. That's all I got.


Yes, but let's do this anyway.


Well, I can alter myself to look like you, if you can hang back.


He has disadvantage on it. Intelligence checks.


Maybe. (laughter)


But being very careful for traps because they are present here.


Alive, or do you cook it?


We have held that book and looked through it. I cried 97 times in one minute. It is so beautiful.


Do you want the Trinket pencil, Darin?


Are they spilling out from under the dwarf's hiney? Or are they all hidden?


Scanlan, you should know you always look cool. Always.


There's a lot of medieval cooking that would want the meat to get a little gamy, I'm just saying. Sometimes it improves the flavor.


Okay. Just Fiona.


Ew. Do you add it to anything?


Yes. She will walk up and-- Do I even need to go reckless to get advantage?


Garmelie.


No, but I'm close to it.


Why did the cow want to go to Hollywood?


Why would you put Taryon's armor in our room?


I wonder if they're hiring.


You know, I probably was pretty modest. I probably drank with her, to be social. And then I probably just kind of prowled and made sure nothing got out of hand and everyone was okay. Yeah, I probably-- I'll take a shot at it. How attached to this sheath are you?


But we got to go.


Yeah, I'll do dexterity. Oh, 17!


Let's wait until they get back before we decide.


Can I get either inside or behind that crate that's in the corner with difficult terrain?


Sure. All the question marks. I memorized all the question marks.


I'm getting him right now.


Do not puke. Do not puke.


I'm going to put Hunter's Mark on-- oh, my brother just died.


Here, take a look. Guns, swords, boots.


Do we see footprints going in a direction, though, you described?


Let's get this one right.


It's going to be a thing.


Did they have any idea what a heavy hitter you are now? The type of people you roll with?


Do I add proficiency and--


Hey guys, we have a visitor!


Oh, we just found a loophole!


What he said.


Would it help make full speed when it comes back to Beau's turn if she's assisting? Can they double pull?


Let me make sure I'm right on mine.


That's a good start. I think they like you.


But I still want to be near Trinket.


What about Ryndarien?


18d6.


No, we're just trying to see if, maybe, we could--


Fuck shit up, as Grog once said. About two days ago.


Do you want me to write it down?


Let's pace and slowly approach.


Why don't you just tell people you killed it, we helped, you get the money, you give us half of it, and we call it even?


You know how people outside can be. The mean girl was just afraid of you and we're going to let her go on this one.


Who feels like making camp?


All right, let's get down to it. First up, the man with the grog. Travis, come on out! (cheering and chanting "Grog")


Come on, Toll the Dead!


I'm sorry. Then ten to 15. I'm 13.


I’m getting my picks out, seeing if I can figure out some way to--


That's going to be a lot of damage.


Yeah, I know. I was about to say!


Molly would want us to do this trip, maybe Molly should pay.


Do I get the sense as a druid, as an Ashari, that we've switched into another plane?


Okay, cool, come on Percy. Buy the ticket, baby! So can I unsheathe Kas?


I just yank him out of the room. Trinket!


I mean, I like that voice. I like this voice too, though.


Just say no. No! Kiri, no!


Enemy of My Enemy now?


Squaring his hypotenuse.


Twiggy said that the dragon is actually dead now.


All right. I take my staff, crack it down, cast Thunderwave. See if I can shatter this glass.


Let's just get in there. Let's not destroy the loch.


Whoa! We're 14 shirts away!


Then don't keep that thing. The cult will find you. I know more about them than you. I can hide. I can stay away from them.


Okay, I'm going to head in the direction of this creature. I'm going to stay about-- Actually, let's try something ridiculous. You took a lot of damage from that spray, right?


I cast a spell so I could try to understand your tongue.


Oh, that was so close.


We're between floors now?


Caleb. Beauregard, can you front me 16 gold?


Okay. I'm going to shoot through my Blazing Bowstring for my second attack.


Yeah, hide yourself under the coals.


I'm going to try and open the doors from that side to see if there's any way to open them.


You don't need to see all the way to the horizon, right? You just gotta see right in front of your own little feet. You'll get there.


Just going to keep asking.


And you said that the red crystals on the wall are glowing somewhat?


Little elf girl. L.E.B. Little elf boy.


We are. We're the Pike jaegers.


We agree.


Oh no, what's that face? What's that face?


All right, sure. We're friends.


I was just going to say. I'm going to come into the room a little bit.


I lose all my Fancy Feast if I do.


Gesundheit. On the way out, can I grab some booze from the bar to fill up my platinum flask? Or to fill it up a little?


Modifiers? Two.


We could write a little note and put it in one of their pockets that says something like "I've discovered that Caleb and Nott are innocent and should be cleared of all charges", or something like that.


I'm going to make all the ice turn into bugs.


We teleport to the black dragon's lair, we sleep overnight, teleport in, teleport out. And then sleep overnight, teleport either to Whitestone or to Marquet.


He's taking his time.


And just as much as we can scry on them, they can scry on us. I'm sure they've been watching us.


(makes ding noises to mimic hitting glass dome)


So that's about to happen, yeah.


I know, that's what I was thinking  I can't read lips!


And keep running. So that you make room for everyone behind you, we don't want like-- it's not the bottom of an escalator. Whatever that is. It's a thing I've been working on, it's going to be great.


How far would I have to go to see both of them?


He doesn't seem to care much.


Trinket has their scent. I mean, I can send him to help.


And I sit in Indian-style position.


Yeah, we don't really have that anymore.


Not part of the show.


All right. So you go first, then.


Different boat. Ship.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Who owned the sword before you had it? Who?


This is dumb.


20. That's a nine so 34 plus one. 35 points of slashing damage.


And I'm going to hit it! Or I'm going to try.


I'm actually going to hang back.


What was that job? I thought you grew up-- didn't your parents make wine or something?


But the pitchers is actually how you have to do it, so, but we just didn't post-- it's like the rules are for alcohol commercials. As long as you're not actually physically drinking it, it's fine.


Haroom haroom.


All right, so where is it? I'm just going to back away from it about three steps, while I pull Flametongue Dagger out of my cloak.


I gotta be there.


If I leave, I'm going to get hit.


Traps in the stairway.


Shut up. 27.


Oh, I'm not there yet? Oh no, I'm building a tunnel. You're getting Fassbender. Never mind.


We will tell our friends that it's time to get out of here. Just find you or me, and we spread it quickly, so we don't leave anyone behind like we almost fucked off without Caduceus, from the docks.


But you can't see in the dark.


Yeah, she just said she was.


Don't talk.


It's a ten.


I'm on top of my dude?


You can come along, and buddy, let me tell you something, if we get in the middle of the shit, I will protect you, but it is going to be rough. And they're not going to call off their attack like we are. Are you sure you want to write this book and come with us?


I need to sleep.


Let's just go one room at a time.


Oh, okay cool.


I'll grab that. Mr. Clay, should we go in further, or what do you think?


The magical elven poison flame hurricane dagger.


Hit him in the arse!


I know, right? Oh god, here we go.


Is there a water bucket around?


I whisper in her ear "I would have chosen you."


Good old four-Luck O'Brien.


We're gonna die.


We can be.


Fuck. God, are you sure, Ulog?


You ought to let her try that helmet on later.


That's a great question. [cheering]


Ow. That's the end of my turn. I'm going to dive down and hide and hold.


You broke in their glass casket.


I'm Gilligan. [laughter, cheering]


Say the thing, say the incantation!


So blow it up! We'll make a wall of fire!


He shows up to you as a man? Or how does that work?


(laughs) Wow--


Is he still walking away?


And the code for free shipping is CritRole. CritRole, and the shipping is free.


It's nine feet tall!


Ignus.


I'm a little evil magnet, I know. I'm checking, is the emerald set into the socket or is it removable?


Jeez, they're all still standing! Oh, and then I'm going to take my potion.


Does she burst out in the hallway naked with a mace and a shield?


And it will keep you safe.


Pike can use her mace on anything left in that area.


I'm toe to toe with that one right there, aren't I?


I'm at the front of ours.


Is that Caduceus with a K, or a C? Okay.


You're with Jester's clone, but you're between them.


Indeed. If only we had someone who could go under the ground and be one with the earth and pop up in there and look around-- no?


Well, uh, you know like the--


I didn't know you were so flexible, Grog.


(clears throat) Scanlan. Man. Great teamwork today. Everyone, really.


Great. Oh, that was a good roll, come on also good roll.


(singing) Fucking die.


Oh, lord.


The guy who's got your child. You don't know his name. What does he look like? Where have you seen him?


Oh. Never mind!


Oh, okay. So then we need the other person who might be within range.


I'm going to go against the wall, against the back of that wall there.


Dexterity. That's your good die.


The front.


They're having a bad time-- what do you guys want?


So I get an attack, and Sentinel.


Halved because I'm resistant to cold damage.


What about the little island-- the little cave.


Yep, that's everything I've got.


Then me, behind him.


(whispering) I tell them to hold.


I'd like to walk up as I see this going on. I'm going to take out my deck of illusions. I'm going to toss two cards both ways, two cards on each side. So I'm going to do this, real quick.


Oh, really?


17 plus 12.


Pass Without a Trace is still-- Oh, no. No, I Hunter's Marked.


What's-her-name worshipped Bahamut.


(dink)


Yeah, to the Dread Emperor's.


Can you scry that little cavern to see where it leads to? Can you scry your mind up the cavern?


I don't mind camping out.


And if he's not, then they don't have to pay, because we obviously failed.


Lucky.


The broom is attached, it's dragging behind me.


What are they wearing?


Don't try and find dates at 826. That gets-- that's bad. (laughter)


Is there anything that you know of that could help us defeat these ancient beings?


Excuse me, giant rock thing. Could you perhaps get me out of this shit?


I mean, Beau would have definitely died.


It goes forever. I think we need to look elsewhere. I don't think all of us are going to make it down that fucking tunnel.


I don't quite know. I'm just rolling, but I'd normally get 21.


Fire on the other one? I don't know.


I immediately run to Toya.


Dropped to 23.


Shit. (yelling) Aha! It's mine, it's mine!


That works with your plan?


I have a package that's being delivered there. What business do you have at the Pillow Trove?


Rabies.


Well, any time you have any problems, Yasha, you just come to me, okay?


Has it been two rounds?


And I can put it over everything else?


Bonus to damage rolls against the cursed target. It equals my proficiency bonus.


Would I be insane for thinking this is how they make them?


I seek redemption. There is great power in redemption.


Jesus. Fuck your bracers.


Yeah, you've been thrown.


Yeah, so good!


No we did not.


Oh, but we're all kind of murderers sometimes, aren't we?


I still feel pretty good about that round.


He was pretty cool.


It's like a Black Mirror episode


We do. We want to have places to hide.


I should have not doubted my staunchest ally, Percival. Of course, someone as trained as he is in the sciences wouldn't lie to me like that. I failed you.


I figured this out, guys! (laughter)


Damn, Grog.


I know it's making you crazy.


I'll give good old Percival a Cure Wounds coin.


Maybe we try to outmaneuver this one now.


This one has spikes on the inside too?


You broke the seal!


Of course he does, he's a god!


--and block the other half.


Scanlan, can you hear me now? I take out my earpiece.


I'm rolling along with Percival.


Yeah, we're moving there.


With the guy you--


Loot Crate! (cheering)


Is he really, truly stuck in a closet? Right now?


I put the bodies in the Bag of Holding. (laughter)


Tell him that everything's fine.


Is this your variant fighting costume?


I have ve-- Ah! Yeah, that hits.


Okay. Yes, I'll move just so I have a line of sight with the hydra and I'll rip off two Eldritch Blasts in its direction. That is 18 on the first one to hit.


Take a little walk, we'll continue talking when you get back.


I'll take watch with Keg.


Is it vibey?


Just leaving me?


No, we're good.


Fuck yeah, man.


Even more reason!


It's like watching creamer in coffee in reverse.


He could clean. I---


So it's the cone of attack.


Can they see me?


Is it another one of those--


That was so great.


That gives you a d4 to add to your attack rolls and saving throws.


I didn't get advantage on that because I knew the animals, did I?


Yeah, can I do a nature check to see if I can recognize what kind of skull it might be?


Ooh! Seekwet pwesent!


Not a mirror image, not one blue one green?


All right, should we leave the room and have Mr. Invisible start tapping buttons? All right, we'll do that.


What the fuck?! (laughs)


I'm not throwing--the holy water. I'm trying to break it with my hand and palm in its face.


That's accurate, yeah, I do look at you like that sometimes.


Fucking balls. Seven. Someone who can sew me a custom coat, a cloak, or add a lining to something like that.


We are going to save the world.


They already are, aren't they?


So my held Magic Missile fizzles because time passes, right?


37 years.


What's Pike's AC? What's Pike's AC?


Oh, my spell.


That misses! (laughter)


And I will sing to myself; sadly, pathetically, (breathy) I get knocked down, but I get up again. Ain't never going to keep me down. (laughter)


Kind of hard to read.


All right. (sighs) I'm going to just bum rush the queen.


Hunter's Mark.


It's instantaneous.


I know. Action! I will also try to pick the lock. Worse.


I didn't bring a transportation spell because we decided to walk.


Sorry, Percy. I'm with Vax, here.


Well, boneyard is a bit crass, but yeah, this is a place where we take the dearly departed who have done well and the people who have lived good lives and we put them into earth that has been touched by the Wildmother. In turn, she grants them with beauty and splendor and sometimes tea.


I'm going to spend my bonus action clearing that and then--


Fuck! Are you serious? 20.


But who kicks a fucking cat?


Too real.


Somewhat higher than zero.


Just terrible.


I'm feeling very positive about the whole deal.


Yeah, is that a thing?


This is craziness!


Mm-hmm. I'm okay.


I mean, we've got a guy who crushes rocks all the time.


Has the head been damaged at all, or is it mostly intact?


Yes, that hammer is amazing, obviously, because we saw it in action. I'd say Grog should have it.


And it's not moving, it's not fucking moving right now.


Okay. I don't know, man.


20 square foot is pretty big.


I'm still Beau, right? I'm Beauregard the tourist.


It's okay. It's more for appearance.


What are we going to do? Turn around? Grog's that way.


I got 17.


Are you going to throw--


Are you a gray fox, is that what you are?


Go Captain Tusktooth!


Which is to the east.


But it's near-perfect.


Plus four to attack and plus 11 for damage.


That is a long talk.


He wants money.


Negative two to self-esteem.


How much are they?


I'm going to inspire her with a little song of inspiration. (singing) And the ranger's going to range, range, range, range, range. And the tracker's going to track, track, track, track, track. I'm just going to watch, watch, watch, watch, watch. Watch her range.


She's really attractive now, isn't she? That shark.


Motherfucker. Natural 20.


Understood. I don't want to push my luck.


What do you recommend we do with this book?


I don't know, I don't know.


No, he'll just be a really drunk peasant.


There's also another dude.


But make him more red. Pink!


Actually, we could take a few of the cannonballs to just--


No, I've got four healing potions. I pour, it's not the best. It's a greater healing?


(grunting) Why am I? I can talk. Go in that building.


It's safe.


She's not going to show up.


Did you guys date?


It had claws.


My heart is fucking racing right now. I am not okay.


Yeah, we can all hear you--


Sorry for dropping in.


It was between-- I don't remember.


Where's intimidation? 11.


Let's swoop in that room. Another 60 feet. How far can I go? Can I go all the way down?


Could he be a baby, like a young ancient dragon?


No. We'll leave it.


Because I feel like you've been restrained a lot.


Yeah, and use my hasted action to carry her out of here, out where there's nobody. Towards the end of your map.


I don't know. Caleb was being very shifty about it.


Yeah. What is it? "I am here to help."


Very, very close to what time it is. I know sundown, sunup.


First one hits, it's 18.


It's his turn now.


Flexing our muscles.


Under that un-intimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stilben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


Will help us. Getting three more Vestiges, two more Vestiges, just a little bit more power before starting to play chess again.


Badly.


--of two lava flows.


30.


Your hair is like angels coming down from the sky--


Oh! Bananas!


That's 89. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm doing math, which is apparently really difficult. It's been a day. Okay, out of desperation, having no possible idea of what else to do, I'm going to try and shoot at bits of it to see if I can dislodge anything? I don't know, trying to shatter some of the glass? And yell bloody murder?


But there are the drag marks all the way?


Any reason for the sudden spark in interest?


Doesn't know what onyx is. He's picturing--


Oh yes, yes, yes, yes.


To be fair, invisible spiders are the best spiders because you can't-- hey, look at that!


Good, you drained it. That's over with.


You're going to use your real name?


Yep. 7th-level Counterspell against him. (laughter)


I agree, Grog. Very well said.


So I pepper it in the top, where if it gets hit it's going to go boom.


Like the Cobalt people?


Pike. Don't. Move.


Will that work on the back of a big shiny dragon?


No, he actually gave them to me.


What's her name? The creepy doll?


Unless, of course, you'd like to do it yourself.


What do they look like up there when their helmets came off?


That will disappear when we leave here.


As we walk over there, I say  Hey, Rissa.


(raspy singing) Smelly cat, smelly cat--


Serf trervles. (all laugh)


That is not canon.


Of course she did.


I'm going to reset Keyleth's brain.


What's wrong with Beau?!


And I take off after him!


Yeah, 25.


And plus five-- no, that's it, just 21. But it's a 12. For right now.


Oh, no, that wasn't one of my owlbear arrows, for sure. I'm going to duck behind the wall right there, if I can.


Your ear's half off.


I love Fenna in my salads.


Like a level-4 magic missile.


Sure. Yeah, I can inspire one more time.


Quite reasonable.


I said a bad word. I got the soap.


Awesome. Good thing you didn't get there in time, Scanlan.


Yeah, I'll get right on that. Yeah.


It's the exact same thing.


Oh. Well, that offer is off the table.


Set off! For the Pools of Hatabah! (laughter)


No, it doesn't hit! Thankfully.


Yeah. You hit short rest and it will pop up the number of hit dice you have.


Caleb takes off his cloak and puts it on Jester. I never wear a cloak when we're not in the city.


Yes, the skeevy asshole, that would be the one.


I feel the opposite way. I'm very proud.


As long as you need.


Presence of strong evil registers on my senses.


Like some sort of phantom manor is what you're speaking of. It would appear--


No. We don't want to seem aggressive towards him.


There was also a really nice firbolg named Nila. Her son and her mate got scooped up.


That is a Jean-Claude Van Damme! (laughter)


Fail. Both of them.


Kashaw's? Oh.


I'm going into the tent to look.


Once we know what we're doing.


One down, one down.


Hunter's Mark!


You know what? It's getting there. Next time, share the compliments, make all of us feel cool.


Jester's holding it?


You are so soft!


Hey, Caduceus.


Awfully convenient.


You see, more are going to keep coming.


We’ve been out drinking for two hours, man.


I love that you own the shirt from it.


I just think we should proceed with caution. Our teachers spoke about this thing, said that it was a being of the mind. I think our trouble with Grog could just be the beginning. We need to proceed very carefully.


Back to the tavern for now.


Something from another plane. We know it's 400 meters down.


Just, yeah, just let-- The carpet there.


Heal 13 points.


He means slumber parties. If we all want to have a nice rest together, just sleeping, it's more money.


(gasps) Oh no!


Are we doing the tree thing right now?


Caleb! What's going on?


Let's park the boats.


You get to roll one more.


And it's the two up there, right?


Oh my god. Okay, yes, that's fair. It's muted, but fun.


Let me find a d20. Oh, ten.


How do I do this on this gloomstalker, with the zombie? How does this work?


(intro video music)


Just finished making shoes.


Pike is right here.


Oh, I look at him with a funky grin.


A very grumpy person. She was awful. She scowled at children and slapped an innocent man for no reason. She was evil!


Okay, I actually do have Conjure Woodland Beings.


Oh, that's inauspicious.


The water elemental's still a problem, I take it?


While he's doing that?


Fjord, can you come-- We're all going to go, right?


Can we call him Jeff, Jeff Lobey?


Do we know what date that is going to be at?


I do want to do some exercises with Fassbender.


Grog doesn't, but we do.


(yells) Who wants a drink? (laughter)


Did you find it in your pants?


Oh, sorry. Here is the amulet. And I show him. Now, as far as trade, as it was rather taxing to procure this particular artifact--


And I'm just going to scream in holy high hell and pain.


That hits, that's a 31.


I'm going to walk up to the little meeting. Is it wrapping up right now?


Oh! Percy!


What should we do next? What does the next step on this journey mean for us?


You said Jester, too.


Can I take the brown side of my newly purchased reversible coat, take out my Brewer's Kit that I have, and take a few of the bottles and fashion them to my waist a little bit?


Zolezzo, thank you.


Just into the corner, like where the angle of the wall is.


Except Keg.


I arrange for companionship and drinks.


Oh no! Only ten. Oh, wait. Do I get to roll twice because I'm in my favored terrain?


I didn't have a chance to peek inside any of those doors, did I? Peek in through the window of any of those doors, did I?


But these criminals promised us!


Oh, I'll join this. I swim back up to the top to join.


Do you want to try?


Will coin suffice?


Are you having sex?


It's a Scrooge Dragon.


I love all of you. (snores)


Yeah. We might kill the mom though, or bury it.


I think I have the same kind of pencil.


Backyard?


You'll be the Hercules Mulligan of Vox Machina.


No, he's going to kill me.


I'm following, by the way.


Yep, it's right in here.


We need some healing potions and things.


I'm reading this whole time. Just reading and reading.


I'm in back?


We want you to open it.


It's a very pretty die.


A merchant warrior with a missing eye.


You were aware, right?


It had five when we started!


Ashari people!


Just so you know, it is your duty to have some joy in the meantime. You do know that, right? You're no use to her a wreck. She needs a man. Have a fucking beer. And I slap him on the ass as we walk towards the pub.


Ooh, that's right.


Seven total.


Plus your flaming claws.


Are there any pieces of armor with a sun on it?


Are you sure your father's a real estate agent?


Did you guys want to sit in the front row?


Let's think about what's important here.


Is it roundy or is it rectangular?


It's the best we can do.


That's fair. (laughter)


You have pleased me. (laughter)


No, we're not setting fire to my clothing. I'm going to mess up my junk what fierce.


We know that it can turn into a crossbow?


Just stay here in case-- when Caleb and Keg get back.


They may have a buyer.


Getting a bit personal here around the fire.


She is invaluable to us. She is a capable woman. We need her.


Okay, here we go. We'll go out this way.


Yeah, this is a pre-existing arrangement that's outside of negotiation at the moment. I understand. We will take care of what you are asking.


Yeah, it's really important.


Oh, it's like the new rage amongst the kids. It gives me super street cred.


Still got saltwater from where Fjord goosed you?


He did. He's very strong.


Plus eight to damage.


Okay. I'm going to tap my foot on the ground and point directly down to you, Keyleth.


Anybody with children. How many children are here?


I could try Commune With Nature, but it only extends for a few miles.


I think they have one of the highest imports and exports for illicit substances. I don't know. That's just what I've heard.


Could we just leave it?


Do they open, or are they picture windows? Wow.


(gasps) What is it?


Oh, shit. (Liam speaks in Swedish-accented gibberish)


(whispering) I don't want to talk in front of Kima. (speaking) Kima? Earmuffs, Kima.


Hey, you already boxed up your stuff.


I know the city well enough to take us through a relatively--


How de dur de dur?


Give up and run away.


Oh, you built this? Looks like a dick. Okay.


Sorry, just updating my sad little hit points. Two constitution saving throws?


How do we prevent further heart episodes from--


I'm with you. I think this thing has a yield.


I have Boots of Levitation.


The where-when-how is pretty huge.


I'm ready to make my attack turn.


Jeez Louise, come on, man! Saving throw?


I'm going to take a--


You said it's also darker now? As I chew on some liquorice root.


You should just say it even louder to make sure people know the correct pronunciation.


We can probably take them.


And everything else in the bag, as well.


Can I run up and snag her for a second?


We're coming around that planet.


He takes 21 points of damage back.


Yeah. Oh damn, that's as far as I can get, huh?


DM is out of his mind.


All right. Fuck, he's going to jump on it.


Yes. To be honest, it looks like it was possibly looted some time long ago.


It's 8d8.


And four of that was fire damage.


Just for fun, Grog, smash this.


Let's go look!


Secret island.


But that wasn't-- how would he know? This is an innocent man! He didn't do anything bad, right?


Well let's do the potions first.


Ulog? Checking his face for reactions to any of them.


Swim. We slip out of its grasp and swim to the portal. To the portal! And we go.


Let's fucking go out into this hallway, okay?


It might send him in attack mode.


The entrance to this is in the back of the building, right?


Also, I've been flooded with tweets on where I got this shirt.


Oh man, come on! What do I add to it?


Bonus action  is there a piece of tooth in reach? I'd like to take a tooth with me, a dragon tooth.


(ripping) (laughter)


Well, some of those are sequins, but yes, essentially.


Do you have any friends?


Oh Schusters!


Right. That's why we cannot attack the town.


That's the most awkward post-conversation conversation I have ever had.


In the future, you play D&D across states.


Excuse me, two questions for you.


It's fine. I just have a low tolerance for bullshit, and I'd like to get past this little piece of shit that we're being made to swallow.


"You got a nice face"?


I rush up and get him, give him a little nasty-- of the last time for a double thunderclap, to either side of his ears.


Let's go up to the room.


Do I get an attack of opportunity on him?


15 plus my attack.


I told everybody my Trinket story.


Well, I don't know much about you, but I assume you would much rather have the cash than have to own property and manage it.


Six. Six, yes.


Butcher that motherfucker!


I don't know. I don't know if stealth is going to be a thing, going forward.


Then I will use the rest, if I have any remaining movement, to grab him by his scarf and pull him back away.


Khary!


Being a giant dick?


Yeah, let's camp.


Rating two is still super lame?


Cats love toads.


You acted within the good nature of our people, there's nothing wrong with that. How old was this girl when she came to you? And how old is she now?


Ooh. That sounds like something that's way too smart for Laura to say.


No, this is very clever. I see what you're going for.


Must have.


They'll probably end up as giant pus sacks if they survive.


How did the group come up with Vox Machina?


No, don't come in close, seriously.


That is also good. That is two reasons to do it.


We have one other possible option in front of us. Show them the medal.


Oh yeah! That's good.


She feels like she's got to "warm up" her endless army of dice.


It'll be like a choir robe for you.


Yeah, can I scootch and perch up on the branch?


He does look a little weak, even for his standards.


You're wearing a cloak, so if you wear the boots, you can click them and you've got more movement.


-5 to hit. Yeah, no that's a 13.


Now in the middle of the room.


Pawn the rings that we have.


Okay then, I'm going to walk up to the window and I'm going to try to cast Bramble Shot on him.


Biggest frog you've ever seen.


Oh wait, no, should I do that?


It's a six plus four. That's ten points of damage.


Also, I use my beast shape to go into a crow. (crow noise)


Kind of into it, actually.


Why couldn't we hear anything?


I'll do it, too, because I was curious.


Jails are not my favored terrain. Just want to point that out. Not this go-around. No.


Is everything relatively all right on the cart? Doesn't look like it's been--


So does he succeed his strength saving throw, DC 14?


Oh, see that sweet jam I just dropped there.


She's adorable! Hello?


All right. 3rd-level Invisibility, right? I can do me and another person?


Or maybe we could send one of the shitty guards to go "shedule" it for us.


I get my Mace of Disruption ready.


(laughs) Wow.


Abort, abort, abort.


Whisper, right?


Only 12 points.


We don't have Identify or anything like that, do we?


I'm in my room, praying.


What a great 2018, guys.


Any baubles or little doodads?


All right, I'm going to go, grab a drink.


Yeah, they're just sitting there.


It might anger him? Or it might entice him. (laughter)


Fucking. Hell. (bangs table)


And put a knife on it?


This wine is pretty good.


Should've died.


Seven points! Oh my god. I'm feeling a little better.


I was here. I've been here the whole time.


(Grog voice) Can Grog run at it and try to bash it really fast?


You are impressive.


Wait! Might I interject? I'm so sorry.


Magic. Thought it was banned.


That sounds creepy


Yeah, that's it. Roll a d20.


Let's pack it in early. Who knows what'll happen tomorrow?


All right, I am going to-- I can make it there, right? That's 35 feet?


Work hard, party hard. It's what that city's all about.


But, I mean, two Earthquake spells and Grog.


Well, somebody said that they were afraid that bad things were coming out of it.


Oh. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. But they do make you look very young.


I don't know, how long ago did you bust out my wings for me, DM? Under 24 hours?


Sure, you can come with us.


What, become a corpse bride?


Do I get an attack?


Fuck! Fuck!


Of course. Now, is she supposed to send you stuff here?


It's the "schlogel."


No expectations. I like it.


In the name of science.


We healed up each other.


I have a leather thong or a string wrapped a couple of times-- I'm going to ignore Laura Bailey-- wrapped around my thigh and I will grip it in my hand and say a few arcane words and cast Mage Armor and out from the leather strap around my leg, a light shimmer goes up over the entire body for a split second and is gone.


One for Hunter's Mark, and then I get a Sneak Attack on him, too. And then four for that.


(laughs) Oh, Trinket.


Or we could watch them for awhile.


I put the fuse in first and then I put the powder in and then one of the balls? Is that right?


So can we find horses in the area?


Maybe you can try to get through to it.


Which mansion is that out of the three?


That's exactly what I was thinking, yeah.


It's a Ring of Invisibility. While wearing this ring you can turn invisible as an action. Anything you are wearing or carrying is invisible with you. You remain invisible until the ring is removed, until you attack or cast a spell or until you get Backblaze. I don't need this.


Oh dear. Oh, why can't I remember? It was so long ago.


Somebody took a picture of it then disappeared it?


I don't, no.


No, we still have it.


Oh, me? Again? I just went! Great.


Am I within range of everybody? Could I be in the crowd, but near everyone? (laughter)


They were good drinking buddies.


I say  I'm cool.


Is that it? What you have there, Percy, that hat?


Should we go look at that statue, then?


Caleb brings a big mug of ale and sits down close to Avantika and says, over this din: This is a big longshot, but you seem very well-traveled and well-researched. This place is crazy, but any place worth its salt has books. Why are you laughing at me? Why are you laughing at me? Such a straightforward question. Well, I can tell from your reaction that there is probably no good place to acquire a book, but you seem more educated than the normal sort-- or people around me-- so perhaps you have a suggestion for a scholar lost at sea?


Can I ask how you spell "doy?"


I'm going to go with.


We lie you over the horse and we put a bunch of shit on top of you, yeah?


Never dies.


So shiny and beautiful! Oh my gosh, Laura wants to hold it.


Guys, we're winning! He hasn't even done anything. He's pretty weak. He's just sitting there, taking it. Just sitting there.


And then let's do a-- where is-- here we are. Let's do a-- where is the damage? 1d6 lightning, so let's just burn two charges of that as well.


With Booming Blade--


I said your goblin friend.


If anybody had any questions they want to ask. Laura's in the bathroom--


What about your father?


I've never had a drink in my life.


What's up, Grog?


You know what, never mind. I don't want to talk about that. And I wander off into the other side of the room.


(South African accent) We're going to kill the big guy. Oh god! I'm in South African.


Is that right?


I actually think this is an appropriate moment to play with a bit of banditry. I say we take everything from him and he can make his way out all on his own.


Has ten minutes gone by yet?


Do I see Vax with his hands in the mud?


So, my other question is, my attempt to cast a spell while in the cone-- does that cancel out that spell so I can't cast it anymore?


Some meat, veggies. Just (grunts).


And I hold it up and I go--


Oh yeah. Is he still in the same place?


I got it already. I am ready to rock.


Ready Player One was good, everything else bad. (laughter)


She's got to stay there when she wakes up.


Once we kill this thing, we Plane Shift out of here faster than you can say-- Oh, oh, we're--


We should go look for Grog.


Does that mean that Keyleth would have seen the beholder beforehand? You know what, don't worry about it.


Claudia's not awake?


Can he get us out?


Although some of us were taking up at a room at the--


Pike's a small monster.


Right. Sorry.


That can't be what this is about.


We have to go back and get Fassbender.


Natural 20. 28. (cheering)


Death Ward at a 5th-level.


I already forgot. It's like I just walked into Target. I've lost all brain function.


(water breathing)


Do you hear the ocean, Grog? Do you hear the ocean?


She has to save from it. She either gets sucked up in it or flung, so she's going to get fucked either way. I don't know.


Okay, there's two more.


Let's take a short rest, for sure, that's what that means.


You hide in your shop. Where do you avoid so you don't get stepped on?


Are they humans or undead?


They're also drowning too, right?


Perhaps you can fly.


Roll out.


You got it, you got it!


Avoid the skeletons?


His intelligence is very low, Grog.


What did you say it was?


Or you can take the lowest? No?


Oh, it keeps going?


Like, up and over would probably be better.


She's like, ooh.


Yes, let them know what’s going on.


Not with this, something a little smaller.


I'm holding onto my six gold.


What, no, there's not.


I immediately go over there and throw open the--


What am I missing here?


I need screws!


Yannick and Jan.


Abyssal?


Those sandbars are unpredictable, man. They drop right the fuck off.


Most people do. Ask Keyleth.


Yes, I do, Matt Mercer. Guys  Loot Crate. Loot Crate has been such a great sponsor all year long, and we got another great week to share with you. Speed is this month's theme of the Loot Crate. I'm going to read this script first. Lace up your sneakers or rev your engines. September's all about speed. Feel the adrenaline with some of pop culture's quickest vehicles and characters. High-octane assortment of goodies from Batman, the Flash, the Arrow, the Battlestar Galactica, the Iron Man, the Gone in the Sixty the Seconds. (laughter)


Are you trying to make me feel better about any of this?


I did damage. Oh, you did wrong, so I did right!


All right, I'll hit them.


I will literally shoot anybody who attempts to deal with it. Give him your hat.


How long have you been presiding over it?


Fuck! All right, fine, I fly back down-- Gimme gimme gimme the rope.


Nine points of acid damage, if that makes any difference.


Not if they're allies.


To Emon.


I clearly do not remember this. That's right, I remember. I don't remember what I read, but I remember.


Do we want to leave it up to chance that we'll run into those two kids, that they will not succeed, or we'll find them?


I guess so. Yeah. But, wait. Actually, Percy? Off-subject, but, when I saw Keyleth, I mean, she was destroyed right? I mean, fucking destroyed. Arms everywhere, limbs broken, just terrible.


We're putting an end to the Briarwoods tonight. Before the sun sets. This is the end of them. It's all going to be over, and we're going to stop whatever it is they're doing under the city.


All two gold?


It's just a lot of water and I think just more stone walls.


(whispered) I feel like we should spring an attack on him.


I aim at the back of his right knee.


We're not out of combat.


Are you keeping your-- just spelling and spelling and spelling?


Smells like fish.


Which is 15, 18 points of damage.


If I've learned anything, you don't work with animals or children, and we're rapidly getting both!


Spend an hour painting your dick?


Did they all fail? Did they both fail?


Pike is crushing it!


We don't have that?


He's keeping it secret. Keeping it safe.


All the same, only yeah.


Don't look down.


Foolishness in thinking I knew what I was doing.


Damn, that would be awesome. If you have a real Heisman trophy, please, send it to our PO box. I will take that.


East coast, come bring it! Boston, Massachusetts.


Let me see how this goes first.


That's not bad. 25.


Is that Riegel?


15 from the inside.


(singing) Let's give them something to talk about!


(sing-songy) Caleb.


We can't talk to each other.


We got to get Molly.


Okay, hold on. I open up my pack and I pour out all my money. I start counting it.


Hexblade's Curse, yeah.


Where is Tary? Did he leave a note?


Roll low, roll low.


I instruct the band to start playing Flight of the Bumblebee.


What if I'm controlling the currents?


Pike? Does this mean anything to you?


18 points of damage!


I would pick Grog or Scanlan, but also rogues. The damage that you can do is so crazy.


We need to check all the rooms that go downstairs first.


I'm reading their lips.


All right. I suppose we have no choice.


All right so, before all these guys-- you were being stalked by someone, I don't know for what reason, I don't know who the person was, I don't know what they wanted with you.


What can we do?


Well then let's take the elevator, whatever. Let's go down.


Well, how wide is it? Like 15 feet?


You did say Vex, right?


Oh no, don't fall on your ass.


Sorry. Sorry!


I like how everything is like, "Keyleth can do this." Can you wall it off with Create Wall?


Hey, bonus!


You have at least one.


No, just have something of his.


I need a-- I want a tea kettle, I want some new cookware, I want some kitchen supplies, I want a straw hat. I would like a hat. It's hot out. There's the sun, and I can feel the sun, it's as if I've been in the sun all day. (laughter)


Oh my god, no pressure!


I don't think that's real. I think that's--


Oh, so we're-- Okay, we're good.


Deal.


Oh, it would ruin the enchantment? If you sew it differently?


Second one is 25 to hit.


You cut like a little v cake with head.


Do you want to try it?


Man, I know a lot of people that are going to be really, really happy to see you.


You gave me the heaviest shit first though!


And you're noisy af.


Okay, well the first one was really good. Perception. Nine.


Oh, my god.


I don't get a ranged?


Okay. That one didn't count.


Disadvantage. One.


But do I get sneak attack damage, or is it also a critical hit?


Not your portrait.


You didn't see any distraction. You didn't see anything.


Do you need me to help you with the tree spell?


Of a threshold crest?


(inhales) Let's do this. Sucked it down like an oyster.


I was just about to ask her the same thing!


He's looking well.


So it's night, it's nighttime.


I just sit down on the floor and lean back against the wall.


Also, I assume they tortured him before they killed him.


Oh my god! Tell us something!


Flipping somersault, up in the air.


(gasps) Trista!


These are Trickfoots, man. Trickfoots! Treat them as you would your own mother.


That's just a d4. Four, so eight!


It's a one. He rolled a one.


It's very sharp and the bag is easily punctured and I don't want to risk it. I'll strap it to my back.


We've learned so much.


Oh no, that's bad. Yeah, that was the goal. Eight!


I was about to be toast. Two more hits from that guy and that would've been the end of me.


My compliments to the chef.


No! She seems nice to me.


My-- Fuck.


Bad DM.


(English accent) What are you?


Bird-style.


You're real? Prove it! Say that you're real to my invisible frog companion.


I don't know if it is a giant. It had two heads.


I say  We come in peace-- I can't even. Then I throw a punch. I'm going to see if I can hit the one to my right first.


Oh, okay, hi.


I'm angry at the villain; that's what I'm supposed to be!


Pike, what'd you roll?


I don't mean to be doing this.


Do you know the magic of lightning? I've seen you do it before, I've seen you.


Goddamn it.


It's so amazing.


Yes, so I tell him to go warn his friends-- not warn his friends. Tell his friends that everything's fine. All is good.


Mid-battle bribery!


I thought you said-- Oh, Taryon.


During the gala.


That's a roll.


And 16.


Are we sure there's people capable in town to bring back all this money? That we trust?


Yeah, 'course.


You have a gun?


No, no, be careful! Spit on it!


No. No, Ulog was holding onto the end of it.


Thought I was helping.


Whoa, that's crazy. I was just talking about me, too.


A minor thing. As we're walking back, I sidle up next to Percy and I don't say anything. I just do that friend thing where you just go-- and I keep walking.


Ooh, 17 plus one. 18.


I wanted to go to Herbal Remedies and see if we could get you a healing potion.


I wasn't working on the book and the cipher all at once, all through the night?


Yep. (cheering)


No, half-elf.


If he takes care of you, though...


Oh, okay. I shut the door. So, I have a secret.


Okay. Well, I've got one right next to me, right?


I do have a healing bonus action.


I'm leaning against the wall and staring at him now.


Okay, I can see a straight line from the spider to me so I think--


Oh thank god.


No, after that, right.


He does. So well, yes.


Yeah, I'll be there.


I'm sorry! It's just, well, you've seen it. (laughter)


Yeah! And it dies?


Beau, you're naturally beautiful, so I'll take yours--


He is very brave. He must have been injured.


From the other side, we'd have to go there.


Casanova.


We have a rowboat.


Same. I'm going to take some and put it in my bag again.


Grog, do not do this. Please, please, please.


Sorry, 1d8 plus four is--


Yeah, she's super, super badass.


Like YouTubers.


We're in the market for some healing potions to start with.


Garmelie is standing next to him, too.


They were pine cones.


Oh my gosh, Trixie would love Sprinkle! My little crimson weasel pops out from the hood on my cloak.


(whispering) But Grog, you can read some of those books a little bit.


Is that a natural 20?


Two heavy, two light, two hand.


No, turd.


The back gate, is that pressed against the forest?


Married.


Do you want to talk to the possibly old person with the crazy eyes thing?


Careful Fjord, we haven't been healed yet, you know. She could take you down.


Meet us at the apothecary.


I've become Death, Destroyer of Worlds.


You looked like the creepy guy was saying we should take a break for just a second.


I woke up in the morning with an idea, and I built that idea. I thought it was prophetic, and lately I've been feeling a bit of strain, and recalling it, but it was just a dream!


We can-- (sighs).


Of Tary-- Everybody, to Taryon Darrington!


Immovable Rod's out.


But we're in town now, so we're safe.


Okay. 14 for the first hit.


We have to figure out how to-- is there a way to make sure we get every detail? I'm finding pen and paper; we're writing everything you can remember down. Is there a way to recall someone's memory in perfect detail, is there any sort of magic that can actually--


(laughs) Your mind.


Otiluke's Resilient Sphere.


I just don't-- He left because he felt like we didn't know him. I'm scared to death about what I have to give to a fucking god, eventually. I'm scared of that. I don't want to do that, but it's going to happen, and it's destiny. I'm scared about that. There. That's out. Do you have anything that you're holding in? You're in love with Percival. We all know that, right? It's plain as day, right?


But should I go just in a bush just behind and--


Thanks, Vaxy.


Gnome.


Yeah, it's happening


Advantage, right?


Those that are walkin' around that don't like have a bodyguard and don't seem to be enslaved, are they still wearing that white and gold cloak-y thing that our strange bit is wearing?


It would help.


I think I just caked my pants a little bit.


Tearing at our heart. It's an ache.


Regardless, I am sorry, and I regret that I'm not outright dead already and that you have to stare at this walking pantomime of a life in front of you, but Kiki, I'm grateful for the time I have left to look on you, and I am grateful to fight for your future. And I'm grateful for that chance you took on me.


He's probably covered in really old poop.


I don't know. So it seems like it's in the ground or it's been moved.


Yeah, but I'm in the center of the city.


She's up top. Would I remember the spot in the fucking water if I went up and got her and brought her back down? Do I have enough time to do it?


The local greenery?


Do you think that's where they are?


Where is it?


No, they do. They lose a contract.


Yas, Pelor queen! (laughter)


Going to hit this guy with a Sacred Flame.


I'll just help out where I can. We got him once. I can get him again.


(voice cracking) Yeah, but-- yeah.


I think I'm going to puke.


That's my turn. I've done everything.


That would be a natural 20. (cheering)


Is there a place called Natural Remedies, maybe? Or maybe the general store? I don't know if it's possible-- Can I get components to make a Tanglefoot Bag? The chemicals needed for that?


We wanna talk to him.


We should make our way towards this, though. They're going to get to the next hostage by the time we get to this room, cause we're 100 feet away from it still.


Well, let's give it a day and if things seem a little bit, you know, skinky-doodie tomorrow, we can fritter away in the middle of the day or something.


Doctor Strange.


(doubtfully) Okay.


I start swinging my Mace of Disruption. Can I just do this as I go through?


I'm eating a carrot, you guys figure it out.


And when I use Enlarge now, I gain resistance to fire, cold, lightning, for ten minutes.


Two more to go. I fear that it's possible that Whitestone itself may eventually be a target of an attack. I feel it may be inevitable.


The guy I've been smacking.


Polymorph, on myself.


Them.


And there's copies for us in this building somewhere.


Ooh. I'll use something like Esquire or something in there, that sounds very--


And you are familiar with his father as well?


Is that max goes up 18?


Who's talking crazy?


I love your tattoos! (sobs)


Everything's gone.


How's the ground that we're standing on now?


Ah! I back up ten more feet.


She loves me.


Is it still the morning hour or about midday?


I watched him walk up behind him and do it. I knew what he was doing.


Oh. Is she?


No, he's a little man, and little men have Napoleon complexes. He's this horrible elf from the West.


What game did you play?


On a delay, they just saw it.


Does Yasha know boats?


"Thanks." I don't look back out of embarrassment.


You didn't need to remind her, she's ready to pop as it is, all right?


Are those arrows green?


Hey, you're a nice guy. Eight, is 12. And is 17. And 18. And 22. And is 26.


Can I be in this contest?


It's shoved up there.


What do you do, mom?


A moving target!


To throw you.


I'm going to walk over to Tiberius and cast Greater Restoration on him.


I like to have my freedom.


Anybody feel like going up and giving ole Claudia a door rap, at her office?


She's at the bottom.


Why would I destroy your room on the first day of our vacation?


Also, I'm assuming he's traveling with an army.


It's still alive?


Well, what should we do?


That's 19.


Random point of order, isn't this a surprise round?


We've got to tackle this job at some point.


Oh man, I'm really hungry, though, I'm going to go downstairs.


That's sick!


(gasp) Oh yeah, he can grapple like all of us! (Southern accent) He's got enough of those tentacles. (all laugh)


We were shitting in the bushes.


She's going to take us.


I know, that's what I was thinking.


100 gold. Natural 20. (cheering)


When the DM smirks like that.


Yeah, I mean, you're walking on a whole parallel--


Did you learn anything?


Yep. 13.


(gasps) You're so strong. What'd I miss?


When my father would have--


Can't keep Fatty down.


That is a very fine idea.


Storytelling!


Because they say it, it's true.


Talk to them. Don't let them leave.


Yeah, no, I'm good.


Can we all get inspiration from seeing Percy just massacre?


It does say that after succeeding on three of these, the creature recovers from the disease, so they were already affected.


Well, maybe we go to bed and tomorrow we don't tear the roof down off of every building we go into again, yeah?


They should really start a debate club.


Or one of us could climb it and--


Well, some people go this way, and some people go that way, and some people go both ways.


You can relate.


You've got Pass Without a Trace also.


Hey Yasha, you feel like knocking the shit out of some of those cages, opening them up?


And it's customizable!


Could fit on your left nut.


Awesome. Then I'm going to hit him again! (laughs) So yes, I'm going to do the same thing! Except I'm out of my Blazing Bowstring; it fizzled out.


That's so cool.


That's my move. See you in a half hour.


Yeah! I'll do a Cure Wounds. I haven't used any spells. Let's do 5th level.


Eight? Eight points of piercing damage? Okay, so I'm going to try and catch it. And yeah, I reduce the damage to zero and I actually can catch it in midair.


Are there chairs for all of us?


No, it just went (sucking sound). And he was gone. And so I had to get out of there. By then, my buddies, they were dead and taken away. So I was the only lone survivor, and that's why you can count on me the most. He knew I would survive. Is that why you sent them? Because you knew only I would survive?


It would be a lot for one person.


I'm going to blow my 6th-level spell. I'm going to cast Sunbeam, and Sunbeam her in the face.


The kraken eats me.


Breathing in and out.


Well, I didn't fucking know that.


I'm sort of right under the dragon. I'm actually quite far.


Why don't you roll for it, Travis?


Wait, Nott, do you want to let her take a look at it? In case it could blow up on you.


Well, just on our way up into--


Great.


This could work.


Well, somebody's paying attention. Congratulations. You probably need some food. Where's your sword?


Are you the cart guy? Fucking who--


Original run.


Why were they throwing magical things into it, though? It was magical items into--


Can I search his room? Are we allowed to do that? I mean, he did ask--


Do you still look like the lord of the--


How big is the ravine? How deep is it?


I mean, like, hitting, so--


An investigation check, what is that? Eight.


I'm rushing and I'm jumping on top of the table.


It's a faerie dragon.


Anything he has nostalgic feelings about? Glintshore--


I'm going with Percy. Go get a drink.


Oh god, you killed Grog!


I bow.


We'll be back. We're just taking a little look.


But they're not on sentry duty.


I rolled a 16 plus seven, 23.


Okay. I pull out the pamphlet. Look what I made for you!


What if I make another hole in the floor and we keep going down until we can get out.


No. Oh, I mean in real life. Yeah.


Oh, he's sketching me?


So I tie the rope to myself.


That's a reasonable deduction.


Wait, wait--


No. They're monstrous. I'm so excited.


Is she trying to charm me or hold me?


Oh dear. I'm afraid I've already Hunter's Marked you.


Well, I've a question. If I were to call somewhere a City of Brass, where would you think that would be?


That's 1d8, because I did it wrong before. That's five plus seven.


You're a badass.


Yes. Please get us out with Bigby.


You are the lady of Whitestone. It suits you.


And of course, the latest, Jon Heder.


Adla for short.


Yeah, it totally was! (laughter)


Can I make my way to the two frozen statue-types?


Explosion. Brain matter everywhere.


Straight towards him. Three knives, because I have friends right up against him, this is a Sneak Attack.


Also, question! Who has the adorably high-pitched laugh, somewhere over here? It's you? Keep laughing.


Why Scanlan? Why not me?


Why do you care to know?


He's also going to be fine.


Does he got holes?


You're going to trust the things that she says? You'll see a U burned into the deck of the ship.


It's Vicious Mockery. It's an attack.


They're walking in pitch black, right?


Vow of Enmity.


No. Way higher than 15, 21.


Doesn't matter, it's just 300 gold worth of diamonds, but they're going to be gone if you die.


Don't fuck it up, man. It's my 9th-level spell.


What about Yogurt?


No, on Pike!


Unless this guy comes in the next week!


The last one is a 15.


No, this is great. It's very powerful. It is a fine weapon. Probably better than anything-- except maybe for your blade. Is anyone able to use a glaive? I can't do anything with it.


I'm tired.


How far away is the temple? Do we know? Can we football range guess it?


Plus we do have a map here.


Aw! 14!


Not Ripley. Delilah.


Merde!


Let's tunnel. I don't want to go up. No, we can't tunnel


I still have a Beast Shape left.


Well, I actually did pretty good at that card game, so you can have mine.


Okay. (clears throat) I do know one piece of magic. Feast your eyes--


But we need white dragon.


Grog, all right. I'm going to start swimming there over the shells. And I'll blow--


That is CG. That is computer-generated.


Oh, Trinket.


Now you've got to.


We've had a short rest, right?


And it protects me.


Where, where, where? Can you point out those barrels one more time?


Why's he laughing?


Is this one still in disguise? Nott, are you still in disguise?


It was on the tip of mine, but that's fair.


I feel like this is somehow connected to your previous bad decisions.


I wipe my hand on Fjord really quick.


Pigeons everywhere.


Ah, no, probably not. No. 16.


Character development!


Is if no one thinks anyone was there. Ever.


Don't worry, I'll kill it with music.


The Partridge Family.


I think because we touched this gold--


I add a little pointy beard on the bottom of his chin.


Do any of them have identifying marks, like wedding rings, or--?


Okay. I hope so.


Sure. Are you sure you don't wanna just hop in the Raven's Spa, tonight?


At the cost of people starving or not starving.


But you need to trust each other.


Okay, I look around. Do I see Nott? Kind of haphazardly.


I was just coming up with ideas to help you out.


No, okay. Yeah. Wait, what? Just a straight wisdom?


I'm going to head towards the spider, as close as I can get. There's not a lot I can do.


No. 12.


My title.


I am really interested in this Kara girl. I'm wondering if she's a puppet master throughout this whole game.


Wow, if only we had asked some dwarves what's been going on down here.


26 points of damage?


Except that they teleport back to my blink belt.


Oh, darling! You're so brave and strong.


Oh no, I'm sorry, Nott!


No accounting for taste.


Then-- fuck.


I want to take some time to tell Keeper Yennen about what is beneath the tree and let him start to macerate some theories on what to do--


Yes, my throat, it's all fucked up.


ErmahGern!


600.


I will brandish my quarterstaff, my rune-covered quarterstaff, and try to hold this big creature at bay.


The creature that was here and the magic used to control him, is that something that you brought to the table, or was that a device given to you and known in the higher ranks of government?


That's fucking semantics, Shorthalt.


And no one's coming to the door?


And we gain five hit points?


I will say, having--


I have seven charges, I've used three, I'll use three more.


I take a seat on a bar stool and just start drinking.


I mean, he was just, I only spent a day with him.


Stealth you said?


Oh boy. Here we go.


Can I sing from the audience?


Pike and I got the rear.


We have advantage?


Do people have to be alive to get out of here?


Oh great, reckless as well. 21.


So we're past that.


Please tell me the dragon can't touch the sphere.


He's wrapping up the show, I can tell. So I came to give Sam a hug.


What do you think? Aberrations or-- what do you think a kraken is?


In the meantime, I'm like  Oh my god! So, what happened? Is it like a tattoo?


It could buy us more time if we get on it.


Especially that Demedan.


She's just a couple of wild and crazy guys over here. (laughter)


Did he thank you?


Two. Well, wait. What is this, deception or persuasion? What is this?


All right, I'll move. I'll move.


Don't worry, little children.


All right, I'm gonna start sliding down that hall there, ignoring this other passage, and get up to the door and again place my ear to it. Oh look, there's the front entrance.


Nope, just going to perch.


Jester, chop off all their arms.


No, look, super short.


So then I roll my regular damage plus 3d10?


It's not, it's just poppy.


Shush now.


You could fly down. Some of us own flying brooms.


You mean the Leaky Tap.


Nooo!


Oh, so--


I pull down my Spiritual Weapon and start licking it.


Yeah, it's been without incident, which is what we want.


Can I only have one condition effect on him? Or can I stack them up?


Seems appropriate.


I think we're going to put all three into the one.


The one that's next to me!


And technically it's also divinity.


Oh, uncanny dodge.


Well, I have resistance against poison, so that helps.


It's been so much fun until now.


So we're in this building?


Got to kill them all!


That's okay. That's okay, I'm gonna try to do another shot. And in that downtime, I'm gonna fucking Hunter's Mark.


Yes. Are you going to go all like (tonal sound) while you look at it, or are you going to be normal?


Just for extra, yeah.


We told her where we were going to go.


Okay, I'm going to quick, rapid-fire-- I was hoping to bring everybody in, but say: listen to me. Percy's got this fucking skull and we-- Everything about it. It's a skull, it's talking about granting a wish, it's fucking fucked up just like the fucking smoke demon that was in Percival. I don't understand what's going on yet, but both Grog and Percival are a little fucked up, but Grog is more fucked up, but I don't understand everything. But things are not good.


It's a freebie. You can have sex with someone.


He's Vax.


Is she playing with lasers because it's the future? Remember when Mary and Will were here?


Did I pick up on the fact that Caduceus was looking at glyphs in the wall? Did I see those as well?


Yeah, I'm going to take a moment to look at it. I've got an action, still.


I don't think I need it this time. (laughter)


I know. I'm going to duck into an alley as soon as it's near so I can cast Disguise Self on my next turn.


The way they landed, it would have been the third one anyway. Two shots, that's 15 to hit? No.


You are able to do something so substantial?


An additional three on the other.


So we go find Blemmy!


I do not. Altar, the little iron piece above her doorway?


We should talk to Caduceus.


We have Book Boy, too, he could probably tell if they're the same or not with his--


I walk by him as he's doing this and say, You know he can't read, right?


Matthew, I'm going to prepare some spells that I'm going to inject into various coins.


I don't like this. Scanlan.


Even if you can just get the one. All of them coming back or chasing us is going to be a bitch. Even if it just slows them down.


God, magic is amazing.


If we still have a bit of an action, I'm going to toss my bag of ball bearings and try and throw a bunch of ball bearings right here.


I'm gonna look all over the great hall and see if there's any cool stuff in there.


Yeah, that was smart.


We could take a walk to the Lady's Chamber and see if we run into anybody there or on the way, and it's only ten minutes out of the way.


So noted.


The one that Fjord's been shooting at.


Alter Self?


Okay. I take him downstairs.


Oh no, you have a thing?


Yeah, go, take it.


I think the problem is that we keep trying to magic our way out of something that denies magic, and maybe I can engineer our way out of it.


Darling, shush.


He's glam rock. Glam rock.


Shit! On a retreating enemy, I get to cast a spell.


Yeah, you're all the way over somewhere else, right?


We're gonna go sleep.


I love that so much, it's so--


Yeah, you punched your card.


Percy, are tieflings a thing in the City of Dis?


Yeah, I'm going to hold my breath and-- wait, wait, wait.


Let's give him a little bit of time.


11 plus three lightning and then-- how many? 4d10?


With Frumpkin--


What if they die?


Cleric's down. One of our clerics is down.


Yeah, you want to talk pitiful for stealth?


I fucked it all up. (laughter)


I don't get another one, right? It's just one action.


You get the picture.


Well, we technically already have a letter coming, and we'll have a letter in hand. Right?


How many days has it been?


Redo. Way less!


The people marathoning right now will be grateful to hear that.


Ooh, maybe!


What chase?


I reach down-- are there any rocks or pebbles or anything on the ground?


So less dexterous than the video game.


What a good idea.


Does this guy have a name, Senokir?


Wow, that's huge!


Here's two of them right here.


It's actually working better than I expected.


Just ten seconds of it. We'll see how this goes. Have a bit of that flask.


Is this the end of our task here?


I have to use both the boo and the yay or else it doesn't make sense. He can do cool stuff like activate Critical Role content in his character builder and create a blood hunter.


It's hard to take you seriously, ever, but even more so now with that ridiculous hat.


It's that hit back.


Erwen! Where is that old man?


How can we prove ourselves to you?


But it's not all fun and games. You've Got Gail also tackles serious issues.


Look at the time.


I'll fly.


I mean, we can help save you, that's what friends do. Any of us who get more powerful can help you.


Have you heard stories of them?


Abban.


No, that sounds terrifying and horrible!


I really appreciate it, but given the kiss that we had, I realized why Aldor doesn't love me is that I don't have enough experience. Sexually. So I'm going to stay in town to spread my wings in that area. And then he'll love me. Won't he, Vanessa?


The Big-O will go down.


Any mods want to put this in sub mode for us? Let's do sub mode.


(exhaling heavily)


That's a hit? So I'm going to Cutting Words that. I'm going to sing, (singing) Your evilness is killing me, and I must confess, I want to flee! But when you see me you lose your mind, baby it's a sign! Pit fiend, baby, now you're mine!


And then I start digging through my pockets, if I have any flint or fire-making apparatus at all.


What do you snipe with?


Oh no, I'm already crying! We haven't started!


Alight.


Would you like to borrow my die and see if it does anything?


And you kept the soul and the stone inside of him?


Get candy from strangers.


It's going to be a while before you guys call again.


Will they do that?


I'll bring out the map.


Are you all right, Tiberius?


Thank you. Thank you, Matt.


Oh, me too. Oh, I'm so convinced. But Sam, how do I sign up?


He'd still be in range--


Guess he digs the other white meat.


I'm heading towards it.


There.


See, this is a real good way to figure shit out.


Are we on the water?


That's just ridiculous. (laughter)


As we walk, Vax falls in next to Keyleth. "Keyleth?"


No, a roof is good. Let's have a roof.


Oh, are we flying?


That's looking really crowded over there. I'm going to wander over to that first prison cell and take a look inside that door.


Arson?


There's magic in the dwarves.


Oh, not Percy!


They're cool.


There was nothing that ousted you from your business, any sort of receipt, or--


1300. Remember, we’re very good friends of Gilmore’s, he said to treat us well.


I was going to shoot from my Blood-Seeker Bow for that.


I think it's plus your spell level.


Yeah, man. It got Foster in front. Stay Turnt.


Oh shit. A fucking troll, you guys!


Oh, he rolled an eight.


This is my first time playing.


I haven't been on a ship si-- Oh my, yeah.


Hugging him with vines.


But I want to find Scanlan!


I mean, possibly it could work. I don't know, yeah maybe. Probably.


Yeah. I didn't have a lot of friends. My father was very protective because of certain things that he believed, so I wasn't allowed to have a lot of friends. Really any friends.


It's in the bag. It's all in the bag.


I think we need to be prepared for all of them.


I'm going to take my sword and I'm going to very carefully scrape my body clean of the blood, as much as I can, and I'm going to take the back of my shirt and clean my hair off as much as I can. I'm going to take a vial of the blood in the pool. One tiny bit.


Okay. He's got to roll, but if it happens, it happens.


(singing) I want to be by the corpses.


Which it's bound to do.


Yeah, that's good. Yeah, cover the well, cover him. Get everybody in, hopefully.


Meanwhile, inside. I'm just so happy to be back in the group. (laughter)


Tell us and we'll release you.


You have the spell, yeah? So you should do it.


I feel like a note could be very convincing, but that's fair. All right, let's go.


This isn't the gate, right?


Did you see how fast we killed your friends? We're pretty amazing.


Start talking, or this gnome-- nope! Goblin! Starts biting.


Okay, you didn't frame it that way, though. You put it under the guise of this is bad, this hurts people.


You doing all right? How do you feel between all this, about all this?


Oh yes, no, he was quite lovely.


I'll duck down.


So I'm going to crouch down and push open the first door. What do I see?


I hear Opash has a sweet Airbnb on an island.


Hello, bees? Hello, bees. Please come over here and let me say hello.


You've got Water Walk.


No, it's Percy's turn.


You make me feel so warm inside.


Is the arm still in it?


Then I look at Jester.


Okay, what are we going to do?


I’m going to let go of him now.


Pewter? Plates? Those little collectible plates from the Stanford Mint or whatever?


We'll come back.


Like a dead Juliet.


Poop.


Should we go now?


I'm really bad at holding my eye shut for this long.


Okay, then you should--


Investigation? 12.


I don't tip. (laughter)


So it's like a magical hand meets magical fire elemental could kinda work?


Ooh, chilly!


Yeah, it's not bad.


So maybe you stay this time?


That's the best thing you've ever rolled on initiative.


I don't even know where we got these glasses in the story.


You're at six proficiency bonus, now. You're not at--


This is the best thing you've ever done.


I took another eight? Sweet.


Can we reach down and grab him away from it?


I'm casting Speak With Animals.


They like to snuggle.


Across states, yeah.


Advantage on!


Then probably don't.


(stammering) Anyone who wears it can maintain two concentration spells for two rounds.


-- maybe he's blending


Okay, that's fair.


That's what I'm trying to figure out, what the fuck is going on. They're with me, it's been complicated. Gustav's in deep. Bosun's in deep.


The Leaky Nip? I mean, the Evening Nip, should we go there?


Not without you.


All right. Shall we check in with the other members first, before we biggity-bounce?


Well, my mom used to tell me that if you act up too much, the goblins will come in the middle of the night and steal you away.


Kamaljiori?


They're being good. We have to assume that she has not betrayed where we are yet, which would have been so simple. It would have been so simple just to raze this city to the ground.


I mean, sure! What?


All right, well I will walk up to the door and knock on it.


I want to know if anything unusual happens. Not to interfere. Just watch.


Using Luck. Better. Second is a 30.


Not a corpse.


What's the door made of?


That's right, as you were saying, it is based on that festival, and of course Whitestone has its own paganistic rituals dating back many, many years.


Big.


And the previous ruling was it worked.


Sheed.


I cannot use my lightning inside. That is all I'm saying.


Yeah, but that's because we did it as a group.


Well, if you got to work, you got even less time. Better be motivated.


I stay and walk around his room a little bit.


It was like whee-- oh.


All right. Confirmed.


He's holding a blanket.


Oh, God. Dodge it. Dodge it.


Of course! But we didn't know how fucked we were until we got up there. We had to go.


You guys, it makes your throat a little numb!


Or 19 total?


All who vote "light," say "aye."


I did not sneak that in, did I?


I can also talk to Caleb.


I will sneak around the corner a little bit, wait for an opening, and I lose Invisibility, which will drop it on her as well, and I will Dimension Door back up to the roof.


No balcony, okay.


That is a d20? 14.


Let's heal Kima.


Stab.


Vex and I ran into to our father again for the first time in many years, it was a little frosty.


Which is-- what's your picture?


It's been a long week.


No. I'm going to--


But he says it in Swedish.


How often are the meetings that heated? That seemed pretty intense.


I was sightseeing.


Why don't we take that thing from them? Those guys don't know what that is. Let's go get it!


All right. Let's do that.


Three miles.


Blue, oh no, hold on.


Guys, let me say I have the coolest character lined up, but okay.


Are we doing a trade?


(raspy voice) How many does she get?


Let's go buy some masks, then.


You definitely need help for it. Vecna's going to be thrilled! Everybody's going to get promotions.


We'll heal him!


She's a pirate!


We like the karma!


Check your pockets! Check your pockets.


It's far north. I'll make sure to send word.


You motherfuck. Don't rub it in my face when I just rolled a one.


Yeah. Plus ten.


But he also said it was far away from the one that Avantika was at.


I mean, I could probably also Beast Shape out of this if I really wanted to.


That's my favorite D&D monster.


I feel like I'm going insane!


So Vax and Scanlan should be--


Would my Hunter's Bane be useful for that? For tracking these creatures?


How did you know?


Just needs headphones.


Yes. I am continuing to be Doctor Strange in various Marvel animated things, and on digital HD, they've got a new animated feature called Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell, and I am still the sorcerer supreme, where I say things like "eye of Tamagotchi" and "sphere of Esperanto" and other such spells. Check it out.


Wait, don't you have to make some of us--


Wait, when you said we need to stop your family at all costs, are you talking about killing them?


-- drink what we-- the locals.


Are you drunk? What's going on?


I can relate.


Yeah. I'm hanging so I can drop.


We’re so fucked.


It might not be entirely legal, but fusaka?


40! Okay, great.


I know the place.


I am Tiberius Stormwind.


Now, really?


It's a life preserver, guys.


Everybody keep checking in.


And then spend the rest of my turn eating mayonnaise. (laughter)


I'm talking about before you almost killed me when you had that great quote about honesty earlier.


She's gesturing and I'm already climbing on.


If we find this creature, we might be able to free your hive as well.


Yeah, my perception check was bad for me, which is an 11.


And I just nod.


Smells like twenties. Natural twenties. I'm working on it. I'm polishing.


I go up to Jarett. Eight days. What do you think of eight days?


Yes, my brother!


Well, who wouldn't be, Keyleth? You are gorgeous.


16. No wait! I rolled a natural 16, so 19! I thought it was a 13; I apologize.


(singing) And that's the power of love!


It affects-- damn it-- I didn't put it in my thingy because I'm dumb. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.


It sounds like there were a lot of people in prison, last we heard.


No. And maybe I'll meet you very soon.


(Dwarven accent) Clarota, what do you think we should do?


They could be smart trolls.


I don't think so. Real quick.


(counting) 19 actually.


Oh, yeah. Sure.


Make an intelligence check?


I'm so embarrassed.


And then I give a little inspiration to Pike. I look over to her, give her a little wink, little smile...


Did she really?


We gotta walk through this town.


I have no idea what that means.


Allura, do you know what this is?


Grog, this seems like a wonderful job, doesn't it?


I just want to say that I'm ready. I'm ready to do things that I've never done before. To use my abilities to get my son back.


17 for Fire Bolt.


I'm glad that an offhand joke about The Gentleman led to this.


I'm going to move just in that thing. Where's the laser?


Are we talking still?


I have six points.


Me and Pike bought hoodies.


He's a man.


It could be a chunk of heart.


That's what we're talking about.


(coos)


Does it appear to be producing cold?


We already ate. We're fine. We're so full.


Booby traps.


All right. So that's a 14.


Do I see Tova?


It's all nonlethal once you stabilize it after you put it down to the ground. All right, first strike with the--


I'm holding it in my fucking hand. Don't you see it?


So that's 3d8.


Lead the way.


Are we all in the cave?


I will be watching that on repeat until 3:00am.


What does he want to say?


I'm gonna conjure it right on the other side of him where it's-- I can then have it do an attack, correct? In the same turn?


Because Hupperdook.


We're probably about to find out.


I could try. Of course, but maybe he will know which plane she's on and we can head there. Sometimes she doesn't talk to me. I can always try, since we're in here.


Yeah, I've been known to take a lady's breath away! (laughs)


Yeah, I think stealth would be a good idea.


To pot a very nice plant. Oh man, it's so hard to do this. Okay, I'm going to use my bonus action to Spare the Dying to you, so we got that.


Preserves apples.


Can you go back and--?


We're building a narrative here that Matt is not giving us.


What are you-- why?!


What's zip-- seven?


I mean, it was upsetting. Your property, our property. This is our problem. All of us.


Hey! Eh.


Okay, no questions. Just scouting them out. Yeah yeah.


Did we get paid in advance, by the way?


Would you stop that?


You feeling any better, Yasha?


Yeah, okay. We'll send some food and water up your way.


Do you have a library here?


He's gone!


So 23.


I need a beret. (all laugh)


But it's not. Fans don't get to vote.


No, we're going to say we're going to tunnel in that area now, so they have to clear out or else they'll be caved in.


I believe not, because inside your bag is somewhere else. It is not even on this plane.


Caleb, can I speak to you for a moment? Above deck?


Talking about making shelter, that sounds great.


So I'm at 49 hit points


Subtle. So stealthy now.


It's right up against me. I think I should push him away.


I'm not used to things turning out good.


You make Sebastian the crab.


I will signal you when we are grapple throwing.


Has anybody run to the back of the cave yet?


Just put him on Melrose.


Molly and Caleb put the skull on top of it together.


Well, sort of. 15 and eight.


Wizard's tower! Flank up it!


I'm running like hell. Running, running, running. Can I see? Can I peek around the corner just to see?


I'm wondering if worst-case scenario we could always use you as bait, Vax?


Okay. I will do that.


Has everybody gone off?


I recognize a few of those symbols.


We did. Yes. We fought and killed a giant spider of sorts.


Okay, Scanlan left on his own. Tary didn't. He left Doty here. There is no way this was not foul play.


But there's a bad door somewhere around here?


No, we don't.


Assault it!


So, do you guys want to read all these messages?


Oh, I'm going to go check it out.


He had an intelligence of four.


It will fall off of your form.


Are there any fancy fucking chalices that I could fucking buy for a Heroes' Feast?


No! Not cool.


He's reading 'Blindness' right now.


He's sucking up all the good energy.


15, 16, 17. 22.


Do you need me to lift you up to the branch?


What size person is the chair for?


Plus nine-- 17 plus nine is 26!


I have a staff, but I also use it as a walking stick, so I like to keep it on me.


Oh, shit, right!


This is exciting, guys. There's a board of some sort.


That would help.


I'm going to dig some charcoal out of the remains of the fire in the common room and then go to bed.


Just one bottle between the two of you?


Oh. That's good.


Any magic kills a goblin instantly. Yeah, instantly. (laughter)


Grand Duchess Stacy!


Plus seven, so 26.


Oh, I will ask Grog for permission. Grog, as the father figure in our weird household, I would like to ask for your permission to wed your not-daughter, Pike, who is much smarter and older than you.


How did that even come about? How did you guys think to do that? It's so brilliant.


Yes, we do. There were some baubles in a wall in Krieg's secret cave.


I whistle at Trinket to get him to stop.


Is the foliage around us green? Brown? Standard foliage color?


I can do the balance thing.


Is it an event each day? Does the crew come out and we all join. Like, "Yeah!"


Torture weapons.


There are four chains hanging off of the thing, and we all know the hammer is attached to one.


We've seen balls of fire take out half a city block.


I mean, only if you want to. I remember that being a sore spot.


Yeah. I'm just going to-- I'm going to stay where I am, I guess.


Then we'll have to make it worth our while.


My ego loves this. Is Percy still in his mouth?


Do you think we'll ever have gods in our lives?


I'm going stealth.


So, we have the book. They went to the sanctuary. We are going to the library.


Wait Fjord how do you sound? Say words, you're manly.


It was just a feeling I had.


On the side.


I only serve gods with big dicks.


(Wilhelm screams)


Come on, you son of a bitch. Yes! Two, two! 22!


You're 40 feet within him?


Been about 100, give or take.


Well, I didn't say that far.


They killed people they thought were us, or they killed--


I'm going to point and start walking that way, just going-- Is he going to make a swing?


Bauza is funny as fuck.


We're very packed in. It's nice and cozy and warm.


I'm in my pyjamas, I'm going back to bed.


Does it say how to kill it?


That's why we're holding hands?


'Cause you're going out of the country. They're going to-- Where are you going, the North Pole?


Armor class is 16.


What do you mean lentils? What is that? What is a lentil? Is it a leaf? Is it a bean?


Basically?


I'll find you. I promise. I'll see you again.


I'm going to shoot at the guy closest to me. I want to be able to peek out, shoot, and then duck back behind the tree.


Do we need to find out?


Roll a one!


That was how it went.


That makes me happy.


I'll slice him right over one of the eyebrows.


It's the second highest rated comic book on Comixology at the moment.


This is Twiggy.


No, that's a good idea.


Oh, that's cruel, man.


How about test?


Before we spring an attack, yes.


It's okay, she's lived in a box for like a week.


It was a--


No pressure.


A regular creature or a Feywild creature?


Can I take two of the low ones, possibly?


You still get sneak attack if you're in back of them.


We are currently under--


Don't make it bad.


If we hear the dog bark, we can walk by.


I'm curious about these rooms back here, those grates that you've still got covered over. What's over there?


I'm going to use Cutting Words on the last guy.


Yeah. There's something up ahead.


What's its name again? Sorry.


Oh, god. I don't even know what that is! (laughs) 15.


Just drop it out your hand and watch as--


Triple the dice.


Does a bite attack--


18. Just my spell DC, right?


About half a minute.


Check references.


Airships, teleportation circles, any means that you know.


No, please, more like-- a bit more like war, death, battlefield. More aggressive. This is a bit more like sheep-herder.


Yeah, I mean, it's not a bad gig.


I'm kind of still standing.


Lorenzo has a red room!


Let's start backing up.


By the way, I pull out a bottle of air. Just an empty bottle and go: and plus, we have this.


Could we cast illusion magic? Do we have it?


I'm unprotected.


I mean, not that well. Of everybody, the least.


What did you ask him?


I'm sorry. I'm just a little too excited to do this right now.


I'm more of a delegator.


That's a fine idea. Yeah, like I hoard the information?


No. Okay. (laughter)


Caleb is stress chewing on the licorice root that he used to cast the spell.


Well, here's what I think  I can send these little globules of light quite a ways, and I can also send Frumpkin quite a ways, so why don't we let Frumpkin have a look and we just hang back?


It's quite a piece.


I'm gonna do a sleep check or something, right? I can't let him survive that.


And shoot out with a waterslide trajectory, woo! Yeah? Maybe?


All right. I'm going to use Luck. First Luck of the day. All right, 13.


Sure. I love a good powder.


Oh, shit, that's right, your dad!


I do have Pass Without a Trace. I can cast that on us.


That's on the to-do list. We'll go find him.


Yeah, out of the sewer, yeah. I pop him back up.


Why would you not?


Yeah. We could give it a go.


I would like to do a religion roll.


And it's made of metal and glass?


It doesn't have a DC.


Larkin, was it?


Drunk-ass fucking Nott, dwelling on old shit.


The subject seems to be exhibiting signs of distress, or at least annoyance.


Well of course. My name is Fjord.


He said they're curving.


Glad to be here.


Oh god, come on.


It is pretty sweet, though, isn't it?


Making friends as always.


Choke upon your woe!


Just a suggestion. I don't know.


We're doing the Vox Machina thing and standing around like a bunch of dumb fucks trying to figure out what to do. I'm going to attune the Deathwalker's Ward to necrotic damage.


Get it, Levi's, yeah.


I'm clicking my boots as I walk forward. Do I perception check again at the arch, or does the same one hold?


As long as you don't mind dying, sure.


Frumpkin will go with you.


Oh God. Oh, she doesn't make a sound, does she?


Is she aiming for the dragon?


I'll go, yeah, I'll go.


Insight check. Do I get advantage because he's friends with me?


(sighs) So we've got buttons.


It's a flying magical carpet.


She wants to go see Wilhand, Pike definitely wants to go see Wilhand.


Yeah. Yeah, it's rough. It's rough. But these fellows have told me that they're going to take my mind off it with some flirting tonight.


Oh, it was nice being over 250 for a little while.


I want to go see that bloody orb.


It's been an hour?


The dick is smaller than the balls. It's like a parrot's beak. Listen. We're going to stick with the Storm Lord sigil.


And then get three grits back if they die.


I'm a really good fighter you guys!


Oh, I give-- bless you!


I don't care, this is out of character! It would have been the perfect moment!


Thanks bro!


Lovely. So if that was a 3rd-level Lightning Arrow, then that means I get 3d8 lightning damage in addition to my regular damage, or is it just 3d8 lightning damage? Wait. Roll the attack as normal, the target takes 4d8 lightning damage on a hit. Oh, and every creature within ten feet makes a dexterity saving throw. Okay. If I cast it at 4th-level, so no, it's just 3rd-level.


Can I pull out Sprinkle?


Do you want to, like--


(deep voice) I know. (all laugh)


This guy's going to be trashed.


Do you have any intelligence that he's still within the city walls, or?


Yep


I don't like money so much. What else you got?


How many did we need, Percy?


Caleb doesn't laugh like that at all. (awkward laughing) That's not necessary.


Unless you'd have taken that dex bonus, and then nothing would have happened at all!


No, I just hit you with 17 points of damage.


A pat. The back pat. Good day.


It's not very private, and privacy is definitely higher on the list.


Where were the other people camping for the night?


Just because it's a sword?


But still.


23, then.


Her hungry eye.


But it's on the coat, yeah?


What else do I have? What can I do?


You've got this. You got this!


Also, I'm sorry, if it's this dark in here, we lit up the cave. Anyone on that island would have seen that. I don't think it's very safe here.


Yes. I see a stunted old woman and stop her on the street and say, Grandmother. I'm looking for Harold the butcher. Do you know where I can find him?


I've got-- Holding onto his eye stalks and I'm riding him.


Are you bullshitting me now?


Frenzy, reckless.


(voice cracking) I am so happy!


So you're rerolling for him.


But nothing left on the ship, right?


It would be a bag at the front with a flint that would spark on pressure. So as long as you fired it hard, it would cause the spark when it hit and detonate.


Can I get out of the direct-- well, can you cast magic against the big eye or no?


I want to try and avoid my friends. It's ten-foot-wide.


She gave you a Vecna compass.


I'll let it go.


24, sorry. And 19.


I don't know. Maybe he's like a distant relative of the Sun Tree. Maybe I know him by proxy.


We could bring it into the kitchen for now.


Now we try to shake it off.


Aren't the sconces awesome?


I'm going to take it. Well this obviously brought luck to whoever was here. (quietly) I have a symbol of Pelor.


Okay, good. I'm just going to walk in, straight into town.


It's me. I'm the last one. I had no idea.


We should do the same thing we did last time. I know you weren't here. We turned visible, asked to guards to go-- It's going to be really shitty when we get in there, because she's going to hate us.


So we searched the ogres, that's it. I guess we should just start walking further down.


Yeah, if I touch the symbol, there's nothing there, right?


I'm pretty iffy.


Probably green and red bad.


Plus 1d4.


That'll be it. We use the sewers to get in, disguise ourselves, avoid detection, find out what we need to know.


I found something! I'm inspecting him as best I can, frozen solid.


I wanted to talk!


Natural 20! Plus two.


And then, I'll do it again! That's a fun thing. Fuck. I can't add. 23.


I have Patient Defense.


I want them to see me coming.


Oh. How many points?


Bad-esque.


Of course not.


I want to look.


Right, I hear you're a good fighter. You look strong.


He's undead, isn't he? He's a zombie.


We should probably go to the castle.


Oh, then I'm going to dash towards my sister and Pike.


No. A little sparring. Punch here, hit here. Can you-- (punching sounds)


Yeah, can someone do me a favor? Does anyone have a piece of cloth or something they're not using?


There's actually a few little orchestra seats that are still available.


Wow. Hold on. Oh man.


What if we all take off in separate directions and we tell all the peasants we find that are fighting the time that we're going to attack?


(as Jester) Jester has a question. She would like to know what it smells like in here.


We have that already. We did it in advance. I start rooting through Nott's pockets to find the letter in Thieves' Cant.


Gonna use one of the little lifties, aren't you?


(higher voice) Hit.


Don't change, Scanlan.


And it's got the seal of approval.


Can I heal if I'm still grappled?


We should do that.


I can't do both.


Eyes closed or open?


Caleb doesn't say anything or move at all, but he's thoroughly impressed with Nott, by the way.


Sounded like he was under duress?


I turn her back. Just keep wishing, they'll grow in. Okay.


Okay. Acrobatics check?


It's okay. She's my daughter. She loves whiskey. I don't even remember what voice I was doing. (laughing)


Yeah. I get up and leave the table and go talk to the barkeep.


We do a really good job.


I cast Pass Without a Trace!


This is your first time being a messenger, is it?


I am the whisper campaign.


(sighs) Freddie. Fuck.


Hey, DM, days have gone by?


May I make a check to see if I have ever heard of the Moonweaver?


Take off your clothes!


Well. Actually. Dragon.


Yeah, that's how I feel.


Let's have the flashlights ready, but not activated.


I'm going to move my own person towards Caleb.


For the record, I tell none of you.


We are a contracted group of workers, working for this man right here, Cleff. We're here to take care of the problem that we heard you guys had with the clockwork warden.


Are we the strongest?


Should we make our way to the little island?


So break it. Let's get out of the way and pop the bar. See if we can pop the bar right off the door.


We're going to drag this cadaver outside.


It's going to hit you.


No, let's keep together.


What you've been waiting for, Clarota.


Okay, hang on. We know it's here. There aren't that many white dragons walking around--


Always fun.


Or I will be there now. Let's go.


Correct. I could also do Find the Path if I have a little piece of the prison. If we could get a little piece of the prison--


Roll and add two, or?


Does he get exhausted from reading?


I will attempt to do the same to do arcane recovery.


I cast Pass Without a Trace. Do I have that? I do. Yeah, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


Yes. Bryce is in Alfield.


It's a little vial of oil of etherealness. The oil can cover someone of my size, maybe Scanlan's size, and it lets you--


I'm going to roll again. What does that say?


Well, that's where we'll send word if anything happens in Westruun.


To be fair, we are spending a lot, right? Overall, so.


Yeah, let's not do that.


And throw them at chickens.


Oh, should we just run?


I swim closer to Caleb.


That's what I reach in and grab. There you go! Keyleth. I mean, your highness. I like your hair.


Yeah! Yes! Break through that shit!


I said we'd dropped our guises so yes, everyone, you can take your slave robes off now.


Right? Are we going to leave them out there to die?


I'm not going to hit him again because I got no more-- if everything goes well I can do 24 points of damage to him.


I think she just wants her brother to be happy, you know.


How about we keep a distance?


We don't need to discuss this now. We need to get the crystal and get the fuck out of here!


So... who needs the greater?


No, he's--


I can do-- Nope, nope, I can't.


What do you have right now?


It's a 2nd-level spell. Gust of Wind.


If I moved ten feet I'd be within 150 feet, correct? Yeah?


It's doing its really fast spinny thing.


Not. The time.


And we'll fill in everything that's been missed.


Oh, yeah, put on that armor that I gave you.


(breathless) Oh.


What happened? What happened?


But we don't know it.


Let's go, bye! Thank you!


We can't thank you enough. Again.


Stinky?


That was Vex.


As we're walking over, I say, hey, Yasha, 'cause I was totally on your shoulder, heard you talking about my friend, Jester.


Oh, that went up my nose!


I'm going to turn around and do a scan of the horizon. Do I see anything?


What do you get for a one-year anniversary? Is it paper?


Good. They eat lizard people.


And?


For my ring that I'm wearing.


What's your name, man?


Hey, just throwing it out there, there seemed to be a couple of loose ends that we need to tie up. Can you make us an alibi?


You go.


He never comes out?


No, I mean Molly.


I would love to.


Why wouldn't I just walk out of the inn?


I'm trying to-- Brother, I'm going to go look at the stuff that they're finding, okay? Be safe!


You said workers? Are you a foreman of some sort?


We duck.


Do you think a lot of gods make people kill themselves?


Time travel.


Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather, Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream. A dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal through divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Were there any survivors from our assailants?


I start putting on the rest of my armor.


Can we get you a card, and hold it up? Bookstore.


No, okay-- that's quite-- I think we should just proceed-- we should proceed, everyone.


I pull out the wire and get it between my hands and whisper up to Beauregard: Are we good? Is everything good up there from what you can see? Are we good?


Is he triggering my spider sense at all?


Yes, we're going to go mirror image of this, so project that across the room.


Well-- How do we ever do anything? (laughs)


The same fucking thing.


It was sitting on a special shelf, labeled 'tour hat shelf'.


That is five missiles total. Here we go.


I'll cast Greater Restoration before bed.


Eventually. Oh! Pretty. Um, get out. You, not you. If you don't mind.


Old habits die hard.


I wonder if we believe harder if we'll get there quicker.


To quote the bard. Scanlan.


Tome of Leadership and Influence. I'm torn, Keyleth. You have some charisma issues, shall we say?


Zanror, if he doesn't have your allegiance in this room, he will not have your allegiance on the battlefield, let them go. Only big men talk big words that only fail on the battlefield. He has nothing to represent any of his claims. Let him go.


That'd be purple, blue, and orange.


Which we could have waited and celebrated 50th episode, but fuck it. 40 it is.


Plus, if we're lizard people, the survivors aren't going to be wanting--


There's no way I can get close enough to get within 30 feet right now, is there?


I mean, Pass Without Trace, there's silence?


Algar.


Fuck you guys.


You now have a cape, it's huge.


Yeah. She's over here, right? Is this her? Okay.


Oh. Hi, dear.


A d8? All right. Excellent.


Don't think so.


You did it at advantage?


Robes and things?


Yeah, that right little ooze.


It's his, he's keeping it. It's going to stink like Grog, you won't want that back.


The shack is a mile away.


It's for grain storage. (laughter)


120 feet.


I sort of agree with Nott on this, I think there comes a point where it's a skeleton and not an actual dead person at this point. I mean, I know it is a dead person.


Let's "dook" it up.


Okay! What's the situation with the vampires? That's all of them clustered there?


At a disadvantage?


Aw, man. What a festival!


Is that a natural 20 on the--


By the way--


I'll just go. Dimension Door 400 feet straight in.


This is the sea.


Meantime, our friend is sealed off behind a closed door?


Could you perhaps make me a really pretty-- so, my mother is a big fan of things made out of lead. She said she likes the color of that metal.


I'm curious what that's going to sound like. I'll hit the Vicious Mockery on the one that currently has Nott, just because--


You can do it, Pike.


It takes an additional 2d6 radiant because he's undead.


Is this where we go if we're going to fight?


He leads with this. Not with that.


Oh, I just love her so much.


Yeah, but this guy is up there fucking your shit--


He was so good at Halo.


What I lack in height, I make up for in strength.


Do you want to die?


That's why I asked if it was shit in the water.


It's a nice walk.


I was going to write dick!


They're glowing!


Wait, what'd you have Molly?


Taliesin, one of these is a West Hollywood bar--


He’s really thinking about this.


Well, you're both magic-users, then. And so is the larger fellow?


We could try to set a trap, or we could look and see if we can loot anything? Is there anything to loot? Does it look like anything shiny?


