7d10.


I can move now, or just in general?


Heal, Jester.


-- if she prefers me, I'll have that magical cup of yours.


What's that? Sorry?


We're going to buy so many imaginary things, Travis.


Matt, our young lady over here would like to bonus action something.


Ah, me too.


For anybody with ranged, probably.


Oh, Keyleth? Can you make a fucking bush grow in front of this thing?


It's too late!


Wait-- 50.


I think I've had enough for one day.


Smart.


Yes or no question.


I hold on for dear fucking life.


I think you know it. I just want to point it because that woman, she doesn't care what any of us want. I'm sure she'd be interested, but it's way low on her priorities and I don't trust anybody who puts other people's needs that low on the list, and you should keep mind of that while you're getting in bed with them, so to speak.


He's a year old?


You were jumping at him, and punching him in the face. I thought wrong. I do that sometimes.


Yeah, that's better.


One hit point?


No, they're headed away from us, correct? Away, they're going away?


Recites poetry.


(Infernal voice) Can I have a fishing rod? (laughter)


New York City!


I am inside.


Can we stay in the guildhall while we're waiting?


I know we've got two paths, but he said there's a room, as well.


(whispers) Sh, figures!


What's semaphore?


I just tell him how the day was and what I did and-- you know. I just say-- I don't-- obviously he's not going to talk back.


Do I get a level of exhaustion back or no? Long rest?


We see her?


Like I'm trying to get spiders out of the corner ceiling with a broomstick! Exactly.


Great. That's not a good thing.


Feel like I should take this and try and find him. He's got to fucking die.


A week, yeah, it's--


This can't possibly end poorly.


Oh. Oh! I see what you're saying. All right, I get it. I go taco, not hot dog.


Hello. Osysa sent us.


Ahh, this guy.


The thing is that apparently it's not easy to get into that district.


This is top knot dude?


Weren't you trying to find out about the guys?


I'm very proud of you.


So boyish.


I mean, sure, he can record what her report is if you like, sure, yes.


Second one is a 26.


Percy. Where would someone like him stay in Whitestone?


Yeah, she did that thing again.


She can't use Alter Self and Pass Without a Trace.


Why you trying to cozy up to me?


Yeah, The Mighty Nein has come calling.


He's looking at the tower.


Okay. Family history, got it.


God, I can't believe that's already been that long.


We were as well.


Yeah, Never-Been-Kissed. How's that sound?


I had meditated upon the idea for a minute.


Or he was trying to bail before the final part of the ritual.


I actually do have a necklace. I have an old necklace.


He decided to take some personal time to himself.


I'm going to open the door and look.


He's very light. Scrawny, scrawny, scrawny.


Can't even kill a kitten with that.


I'm going to use my movement and bonus to grab at least some of the stuff that's under my bed. Some of my things and start to put myself together and steady myself and I’ll start yelling bloody murder.


Please, join us on the carpet.


Ah, shit.


Oh, they speak?


Up and over. Let's-- yeah. Let's go up there.


We don't want her speaking, and she only has one arm, so magic's going to be tricky.


This is a game we used to play.


I assume you're going to introduce me to someone?


I'm figuring I'm going to have to find you guys at some point, but yeah, this is... It's the only way I know how to get to the water, so...


Is it normally ogres that ambush you?


Oh, I was just doing some one-finger push-ups.


No, we know.


You've never had a candied apple before? It seems so basic. It's honey and an apple.


Holy shit, Pumats.


I believe in this circumstance I pale to my present company. I've heard many wonderful things about you from Zahra, and I'm honored to not only have met you, but also to have had your aid in this matter. I'm profoundly grateful. If there is ever any opportunity at which I can return the favor, I am not useful for much, but perhaps a little smoke and mirrors I can do.


Yeah, darkvision in that is still blind if you go in there, right?


I'm prone, right?


You, too.


There will be a very unhappy day tomorrow.


Scanlan, that's going to cost you a lot of money.


You could use it as a pillow, you could use it as a hoodie.


Maybe we need more letters.


Yes. So does the psychic damage mean I let go of the rope I'm holding on to? Or does it not? Also, my feet are sticky and my hand has--


He's the last king, there's like, the secret with--


No hinges, no nothing.


I feel like I could have taken her if I had a gun. I'm just saying.


He's one of those hypoallergenic magic cats.


Wolves? Where are the wolves?


And I think that's it.


Yeah, I'm going to try and-- is acrobatics a way to get out of this?


Is it flying out of our grasp; is that what’s happening?


You succeed the check, but you disappoint your dungeon master.


Should I leave my cloak here over the head, sir, good sir, guard man?


Do I see anything from Ioun? I hobble up, crack my rib back in place.


So do I.


Correct, so first--


Or the green dragon.


Shut the fuck up! He's here right now?


Whoa, what is that? Is that a dead body? Whoa, I've never seen one of those!


Yep, absolutely. Open your mouth, stick out your tongue.


It's 50 by 70.


They're like pointy things that you throw and they're metal.


That would punch in the ten minutes I need to cast Comprehend, so I will retrace all the steps, and place my hands on that writing to see if it reveals its meaning to me.


All right. Seven.


Kima is a great idea.


Right up here, if that's okay.


And I'm running towards that fire pit, straight back.


Good doggie.


(sultrily) Oh, you're back again already, Caleb.


Well I can go by my uncle's house and get pretty much anything.


Is there shattered remnants of the door?


That's why they left, yeah. That was the thought.


(gurgling)


No. Like, right where things are pouring out.


Thank you. I mean I am a little self-conscious about it still, but I can travel through the earth.


What about the walls? How close are the walls?


Can I go take the top off the tea set and look inside?


It's a big-ass rug.


I'm just going to put it in with the rest of the gold, Grog.


I mean, my people have lived here for thousands of years.


Does any of this sound familiar to you from the past?


Hold on a second!


Follow the trail of distressed people!


He's going to hit you like he is at a driving range!


I'll take one more swig, and I'll jump in the water.


Second level in Fighter. Groggy got two more hits.


Send a fireball right here.


I am perfectly okay with this.


Do we want to send Nott or a cat in?


(singing) 50 feet of hemp rope, it's a standard!


As soon as he finishes it.


Because you were afraid or because she said you can't?


Let's clear out the basement.


Not super fast.


What does Stannis Baratheon say?


No, because the island's way over back here.


Make sure I'm doing this right. Yeah. Goddamn it. 17.


Is it good tea?


(whispering) Can we talk about this for a second, guys?


What? No, don't-- I take it back and I give another dagger to him.


Nobody? Nobody, huh?


The gear melds into the new form. The creature cannot activate, use, wield, or otherwise benefit from any of its equipment, but it doesn't say anything else other than equipment.


Three o'clock.


Mutually.


Okay. I'll go second. People should follow quickly behind me because you’ve got to stay within 30 feet of me.


Okay. This is with Craven Edge, five, six.


Nobody should touch the sword, Percy.


I'm not in the water.


It was impractical the moment he bought it.


Blemmy might know the girl.


I'm keeping my senses aware for if Ripley's invisible and is around us.


All right, I'm going to reload. Because boy, I'm out.


Me? Yep.


Before we do that, what's your name, friend?


All right. Champ, she sleeps alone. No funny business, all right?


I am starting to creep along the ground towards the nearest building and press up against the wall and see if I can-- I'm just going to listen.


I'm so sorry, friend. You have one more task to perform before we can let you rest. What killed you?


(whispered) Romantically.


All right, everybody find their seats. Everybody find their seats, please. Hey. That's your seat? That looks very comfortable. No, I don't want to watch that. (laughs) How you guys doing so far? [cheering]


A few great tragedies.


Oh. Well. Why do you need it?


What? Why? He's got an octopus.


No, you've taught us much in a short time, and I'm sorry that we broke your house, but it seems like you've found a suitable replacement.


I'm sorry, I still didn't catch your name.


One last question.


That is the tiniest cheat sheet ever.


Thanks, Matt. Thanks so fucking much!


Do it! Just do it already! What are you waiting for?!


There is now!


No, I feel it.


Can I see? If I can see in the dark. I need night vision goggles!


If you wanted to go somewhere, sneak away.


So we go?


So yes. There's multiple things.


We're dying.


I sussed it out. Don't worry, I'll take care of it.


Leet!


Right, but you have to remember it's-- right, yes, pretty much. What you said. It's a city under siege, under siege, it's meta under siege, under siege from the goliaths and then again from the dragons.


What if it's a good banshee? Some of the banshees that I've met have been decent. We're rolling for initiative?


15 minutes! No, that was once for 15 minutes!


Welcome to Whitestone.


I think it's maybe time for another detect object. I'll take this one. I'm going to cast Locate Object.


Well, when you guys started, we were inspired by Crit Role, and we started our show, and we've gotten to the next part of our adventures.


No, I'm going to go for this one here. I should have enough speed to clear it, 40 feet.


Don't say a thing, don't say shit.


Stop, drop and roll, man.


And I cast Enhance Ability on him.


Right next to that beautiful picture of a--


That's terrible.


Oh, this is quite interesting. "Vox Machina, a little bird tells me you have been playing the heroes again. Keep this up, and the whole world will end up indebted to you. Please accept this small gift in the spirit of Winter's Crest, as a token of my enduring gratitude. Perhaps it will prove useful in a difficult moment. In the meantime, I look forward to a fuller account of your deeds reaching us in Vasselheim. A joyous Crest to you all. It seems you have earned it. Lillith."


Please. I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari, and I am here to further my Aramente.


Tary, that's so kind! Are you sure you want to?


Can I Blood Maledict one of them, or no?


I've got darkvision.


I'm going to sing-- No! I'm going to distract it with this.


Can I use my movement now to run up towards the tunnel where Caduceus is in the direction that the light moved? If I roll less than an 11 on Blink, does the spell end or is it every turn?


All right, I grab something random, too. I mean, if we're all doing it.


That was awesome. [break]


I screwed the pooch. I think y'all need to fucking join us.


Thank you, Matt, for doing all the work on these maps and shit.


No, I don't need it!


My books are still lovely, the library is still lovely. It made a lot of things better.


It's true. (laughs)


Dagger. Because I have two daggers in my hands.


And he has to make a strength save of DC 17 or be restrained.


Greg knows.


Oh, nice!


So we could go up from here? This is where we go up. You can get that sphere again and tunnel up.


No, that's where we wanted-- Put us more--


Can you do it quickly? I mean--


It's okay. I can fix it.


On all of our points.


Ah shit, it's in-battle. Hold on, look what I can do!


It's too nitpicky.


We're looking for orcs. They're what we're looking for. Aren't they going where we want to go?


Wait! Are you going downstairs?


We really should.


Kidding. It's Dumb & Dumber.


We've been traveling for years, we've been ambushed dozens of times.


Misfire?


I have never even looked at that bold--


Should we put them in the water or something?


Okay, thank you!


It's a couple days-- we've been traveling for a while, right?


It's like a surfboard.


Once there is a defensive wall between me and Cali, I pull the bowl out of my bag.


I'm not great with magic. I'm great with nature, and I'm not great with dungeoneering or anything like that, either. Can I do some sort of nature check to see if this is a quarry that we just walked into?


Double damage, it means double damage.


(knocking sound)


"Hold on, let me check." I take it and I shake it really hard.


Okay, I'm going to-- That grenade is sitting on top of people right now, isn't it?


Subdued and arrogant.


We'll kill these folks, or try to anyway.


Shirts!


Can you bring him back?


Completely?


(gasps) Is it wide enough for all of to fit through?


Mm-hm, right, yeah. Actually that could work. I could do it from afar, maybe on the carpet.


And if possible, I'd like to emblazon the sign of the rebellion on our chests in sort of an awesome Superman glowing thing.


So it is fairly sturdy and not apparently going to collapse at any moment?


Yeah, just get it down, just get it down.


Some alien lifeform shit.


We're in a death trap.


Can you inspire yourself? Have you done that yet?


Oh, so you could recognize her.


I'm going to pull fully in on that side.


Agree to disagree.


Okay. Do you roll that or do I?


I'll attack the first so he can take the second.


I'm not feeling very inspired.


I'm going to have a bite.


Yeah, but then they let us out.


Great. Could I try and run over to there, jump up on the roof, and run right underneath her?


I am so consistently proud of you.


They were manly screams!


Don’t throw it in the orb!


Yeah, Wayfarer's Cove is-- is supposed to be delivered to Marius--


Oh, surely not, no.


So this is a 28.


I'm sending you to work on the dragon.


Okay. Okay. Were your parents fond of you, because to name them that similar would be-- just quite annoying, growing up, you must've gotten confused constantly.


Oh! 16 for me as well.


What's going on out here?


Who are you kidding?


What did you see? I don't know.


Would I think it's weird that they're howling during the daytime?


Oh yeah, go around Jesus.


Oh my god, the island is sinking.


And then the Bloodseeking Bow bleeds him.


Don't be strangers, though.


What are we going to disguise ourselves as?


That's not a wall.


Just felt like I had to make that clear.


Because that is an interesting question, because--


It's like a horse trough. There's hair.


Oh, that would ruin you for the other clients, too.


Can I ask a question? Trinket. I didn't say I left him at home. Did he wait outside of the palace during the formal dinner?


Thank you! Yes, Motor Crush Volume 2 just came out, so check it out.


So how far away are we now, roughly?


In this vision that I had, I was pulled down toward the mines. Into the tunnels, below where the dwarves were working.


I've cut you open twice. Twice.


Yeah, we are in final days, here.


I've been around you long enough that I can tell you were actually trying to be nice.


Yeah. I'm going to-- Yeah, I'll spend whatever I gotta spend. I'm doing all of it.


Yeah, hold onto them. I trust you. I need you to watch after one last thing thing for me, all right? It's very important. I wake up Simon, and I let him crawl down my arm. Do you see this guy?


Should we go back and ask the creepy guy?


And then vanish like a thief in the night!


All right. That's terrible. Okay. So.


I thought we were taking it.


What's the head for?


Wait, is it plus five, or is it plus five, five, five--


Wait, wait, wait.


If Caleb and I move together, you have your Message spell that you can send back and forth to Nott.


Why is that demeaning?


We're actually looking for something a bit more complicated and a little more dangerous.


They seem to be the one connecting through-line. Also, what's her name, Norda? Mentioned that she didn't want to let you lot in, but made an exception. I don't know, if I wanted to do something, and if I already knew a bunch of people were upset and angry at a circus and strange people coming in, it's easy framing, in my opinion.


My contact in the underworld said that this was a place that is a known hangout for seedy types. Right? Am I remembering that correctly?


Yeah. Blah blah blah, Ren's address and the address. Now you got it.


He's going to attack him.


I'm going to head down, obviously tired, and just go follow you guys to take a nap.


Yeah, no. We won't tell her that, I was afraid that it was her parents. But if we can let her parents know that she's okay, then at least--


A really old fart.


No, something else. You're good. Go on, get it on.


I might be able to do a Greater Restoration on you, but I don't know if I can help you there.


So, like, 200 pounds.


Going to have to make our way there, eventually.


It's okay. Now I'm moister.


Yeah. All the fabric. I take it.


Come on, Percy. Roll something good. That's better!


Well, maybe not then. Maybe when we go back to the creepy tree, we can do that.


Of course, yes. We'll sit down with him, but I bet you know quite a few details, as well, having taken care of him for so long.


I'm rolling right now to check for traps.


Could we throw in a Scanlan grenade and be able to see through it?


I'm a dragon too! (evil laugh)


Just 72?


You're the captain, just take it.


Oh, you didn't come downstairs? Okay.


You dragged us in here to look around, and now we're not going to look around?


Until we find it.


That crater's just a crater, though?


Yeah, Slow again.


I got all my gear. I'm so nervous and so excited. I feel like I don't know how to play anymore!


Hm!


How strong are the ravine walls, and can we dig into them, as well? Not just the ground, but the walls themselves. Small tunnels, just big enough for one person.


Doty is my best friend. My only friend. Because he listens to me, and understands me, and at night, when I play my characters, he plays with me. I play combat, and I pretend to be some of the characters I've read about, and he pretends to be the others.


I have advantage because it's a spell, right? I have advantage against spell saves?


I'm sorry. I feel a little shaken up from that, I'm sorry. But you have some resting, you know.


Okay, well, I think I have seen all I am going to see for the moment, but I didn't see anything in there.


No, really, just take it. You listened to me so good. It's like we're besties.


I'll assist Pike in any way that I can.


How did they take it?


Not from a reliable source, I promise you.


Yeah, they both.


For a second.


What should I, like, bring him a gift?


The Eyeless.


Oh, now I'm in charge?


No, I'll tell you on Christmas morning and not before!


You know what we used to do as kids, we used to take fireflies and crush them and make glow jewelry. When they'd light up, and you'd crush them right as they light up, and then you can make glowing war paint.


Reginald's daughter, yes.


You got a lucky rock?


Okay. I mean, is there any indication, like it would have a slight glow to it.


Everyone knows that, now.


You guys can sleep, then I'll sleep, you wait for me.


Shall we collect some wood and start a fire?


What does it take to activate the coin?


Will you give me the letter? I could change your name on it to his name, and then he could use it to get into the school, and he could learn more powerful magic and then he could change me.


You wouldn't mind me asking for a brief description of him so we can identify him when we see him? That would be most advantageous.


Cyrus Hume. I'm Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III of Whitestone.


That gate stone that we've used so many times, does that only work on the material plane? Does it work--


Huzzah! Yay!


Ancient dragons


I didn't know you had it!


We're going in to kill a robot. It's fine.


I'm on the lookout, okay.


Before we hurt ourselves any longer, we should--


I'm shooting my wings out as I walk up to them, as well.


She could turn undead, but how far are they? They're probably too far apart. Well, no, she could stand between them and do it.


Vecna is in these motherfuckers' brains.


My balance is wonky.


Is there anywhere they take kids? Kids separated from their parents? Or do they just not care?


It's magic.


How lucky for us!


That's true! It's only his second time. Okay buddy, forget that. Back it up. Is there anything unique about the pillar down here or is it just basic stonework?


I don't think that's going to be enough. It's not quite enough for our purposes.


Is anyone higher than me?


I cast prestidigitation on myself and make robes are all super clean and nice.


Friendzoned!


They're all pieces of shit!


Oh, Tutonka! I know Tutonka.


Do that one. Fuck the flying thing.


It fights. It has sight and hearing checks. It bites and it claws just like-- oh, no. It just bites.


Non-sharpshooter.


What about the sword?


(yells) Vax!


Ooh, that was a Luck.


We're letting the cuteness distract us! Why were you hiding? Sorry, sorry. Why did you feel the need to hide? What did you do?


All things considered, I think that you're more trustworthy than I am, at this point. Let's not forget that I was the one who let you down first. I'm going to give her one of the stones.


What's in that pack?


You know, she's not very big on specifics. It's more of a vibe kind of thing.


So we can talk about how to keep everyone safe, dear.


It's in his butt.


Sorry, Kit.


Oh, that's good. New books?


It's a hell of a hammer, isn't it?


I command zombie Delilah and zombie Vander to go to the heads and take the helmets off the two heads on the ground.


And then we planned to investigate a house and possibly pilfer.


Yeah, I just meant to--


Scanlan took a poke about. He boofed himself out of sight and had a look around, and then we returned to the edge of it, and I kind of flipped the bird at them, and taunted them a little, but most of us haven't been in.


Twice in a fucking row? What are the chances? Do it again.


Ugh. Can I close the gap? With my 40 foot movement?


He's not just sleeping.


Only for Aquaman is this favored terrain.


Big black sword. (laughter)


I'll take two, then. Yep.


Vex? I give her the picture. Now you have a picture of your bear with the silly bows.


Is that within melee?


Did you invent it?


I will not remember that.


He knows where you are?


Yeah, Kiri.


That hits. I'm going to use a gunslinger's dodge.


I'm sorry, but we came from that direction?


Does this mean we level up?


We got these. (cheering)


Caleb will, at this point, once everyone is awake-- Yasha was the last one-- go back in to see what is going on. Oh, shit. (stammering) Nott's being attacked. Let's go! And I jump out of the cart.


I'm looking for the popcorn ones.


Didn't you almost open fire on these children not more than 30 seconds ago?


And the books, any powerful spells? Anything that can--?


Okay, the first, okay, so is that 6d4 plus one?


Before we get there, I pull Beau aside. All right, so this is my turf.


No. He's absolutely right. This is insane.


We need that. Tiberius.


You get the greater one. You get one, and you get one.


Yeah, I pulled little fun buns--


I'm also looking for a soothsayer.


Come, everyone. Molly wanted us to keep living.


We're not having sex, we're just talking.


You should try that, though. See if you like it.


Is this okay?


Yeah, we were close there.


You did cast Friends, so. Technically, I would think nitwit is me, and I'd be like, okay, here I go.


Everybody roll who's walking.


Do I still have it? I don't have it. Oh, but I can look at it again!


One time. One, two, three, go!


I feel like when I see someone else throw up I feel almost like I do (retching). No?


Can you only do that one time a day?


I cast a fog. Over the ring.


I am not taking him to J'mon.


No, let's take the skiff in. If you want to take the skiff, we can take the skiff.


We don't want to hold on--


Oh god, that is so scary! I don't know, now that I'm saying it, if that's the way to go.


It's like Whac-A-Mole!


Pretty spot on. I've known her a long time.


He's really a Shadowrun guy.


I'm going to pull my sword back out and start trying to get the horses going.


Boy, what was your name again?


Well, I was in the big fight back there, I could've hurt you or the civilians, but I decided to hurt the civilians, because I've got to protect you, because you protected me.


I'm willing to give away Vex. Vex is entirely up for sale. No.


You did say shabang.


Nah, I'm hitting it with the dwarven thrower.


This isn't like the Crucible.


We've got to waste a fucking minute. We've got to protect Scanlan for a minute.


Okay, I'll deal!


We won't die.


How much money have you got?


I want to look at them, too. I want to fly up on my broom. I was going to say it and then he said it.


They probably did! Oh my god! They weren't wearing any underwear, were they?


Already gone.


As the worlds collide.


12 points of damage plus four. That is a four. 18 points of damage.


Would that actually--? Okay, fine. In theory, if there's a storm, you go underwater.


Yay, I get all of them?! That's amazing.


Yeah, I just went thump-thump-thump.


Is Cassandra awake or is she unconscious?


I'm covering Kiri's ears.


Hellish Rebuke.


It is good.


Survival.


12. I don't know why I did deuces. 12.


Was it doing the life-sucking thing?


And the figure is 20 feet fall, you said?


Also. Vex. Vex'ahlia.


Does the groove in it look like it matches the size of the blade of the sword?


Is there a place to tie it off?


Goblin shit?


I didn't!


Caleb, you don't, though. No one wants that amount of power and responsibility.


And Trinket--


Well, I lived in the desert. I woke up, I don't remember much when I was a baby. I'm sure you guys all remember when you were babies, but--


You're so smart.


We are offering you the opportunity to stop your servitude. To end it forever.


Where would you put it, anyway? You can't let go.


He passes, again.


That's great. I've got it, too.


This is all orders you are following?


Holy shit, Jester! What the fuck?


Yeah, in a few ways.


Wait, is this Noncompliant?


Yay, Puzzle Quest!


Yeah, that's what I was suggesting.


With her Mace of Disruption.


Killing all of the Iron Shepherds isn't a big enough favor?


Could you pull him like a balloon?


It's poetic.


Oh, now I feel bad.


Very good call.


I'm going to cast Invisibility on Vax.


I stuck a knife through his throat and slit the front of it.


Can I look at the art? Do I know the artists?


(gasps) Should I draw with it? Should I do something with it?


So, Riskel, Grog can do it kind of quickish or take a very long time. I've seen him do it.


No, only when I'm holding it. So, like, I could take it out now and we could see maybe if you hear it.


So I guess that means zero.


Attack roll or saving throw?


That pile was definitely something sleeping.


It's a scry - what?


As a manure salesman. (laughter)


Can you come with us to a temple?


Low-level rogue! High-level rogue, eh, but low-level rogue is sick.


Those children are lucky to have a mother as hard-working as you.


What is your skill, sir?


Yeah, and you can talk to trees.


I think so. I wasn't sure.


If you're trying to break up with him, you could tell him that you have the creepies, the crawlies down there, and that might scare him away?


No, you can't do that.


There's a pirate store. There's a superhero store.


Can I, more than once a day?


We can kill them, too, it's not a problem.


We're fully Leeroy Jenkins-ing.


Sounds good!


I don't know what I'm asking.


And I saw Vax get swallowed? Did I see that happen?


I don't know, I'm not really sold on him yet.


And I say, (slurred) I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.


You look just like Allura right now.


Okay, 1d6 per charge. You know? Let's end this. Should we just end this?


Yeah, I am hasted.


Do I have a free hand?


You want to start cooking here?


It does not go well with fur.


Sure, go for it.


Yeah, I'm gesturing to go. Get out.


He knocks down a tree in the process.


I think we need light so we don't go over the edge.


Okay. So I have to roll?


Also on the water.


You are within 60 feet right now.


(laughs) Nope. (all laugh)


But it's whatever I had before. So I can't change into something awesome, then change into something less awesome--


Also we have a couple of members of the Mighty Nein that seem a little bit disparate.


New town square will be built around it.


You're not going to become addicted to strangling people because you've tried it on him.


I don't do well in crowds. Natural 20. [cheering]


Yes you can. Give it a bite. Give it a bite.


Woo!


Can I understand what she's saying?


"You made nothing." Seven.


She's so strategic.


We're going to be offered things there. There's going to be deals made.


Loaner.


Oh, does it only last ten minutes?


Ogden, in his ramblings, mentioned a shadowy figure with burning coal eyes. This doesn't sound like anything that you're familiar with, does it?


Please tell me you've got Pass Without a Trace up?


Finds it and then waits somewhere.


I'm going to grab him after he hits my head and I'm going to try to knee him.


Okay. We head up the stairs.


Who is it? Who is it?


Yes, everyone sleep now.


I'll do that. I can't get the rakshasa.


I mean, how many more times am I going to have to fucking do that? Hopefully not a lot, right?


As far as I know, it could be veggie.


Sadly, but true. We at the very least need her blessing.


We're supposed to slay them and stop them from--


Look, I have some evidence to submit. Look at my hands and also the hands of Jester. We're covered in the thing's blood. We were there too. We helped the killing of the creature.


I thought we were done!


Who needs Featherfall? I can do it in a bunch!


Those are all official Southern things.


I go to the hole, to the "ahnus," and start looking.


(screaming) Caleb!


I don't want to talk about it.


What's your relationship to her?


Anyone have a preference?


If you'll allow me. You've been very quiet.


That sucked.


Lisa Lobey.


Is that good?


We start kicking them right up to the edge, kicking them right in the hole.


Not well. Not with that face.


I'm wearing a hat of disguise so that I'm not immediately identifiable.


I'll ride with you then.


The Mistake! No one will know.


Because I only have two.


I'm up? Okay, is there anything in melee range with it? No.


You can sit right here!


They would be pretty fascinated by that.


Oh no. It must be stopped!


And same thing, like you drop the shape's hit points and then it reverts back to you.


They're pretty obvious now.


I'm going to walk quiet and late and go tinker on a little thing for a minute until I pass out.


Yeah, I was going because I was-- oh, god.


One's in a pillar, and one went through a wall. Are they moaning and shit, in the wall?


I passed, right?


I'm behind you.


Just a five.


Close it down for a bit, did you?


Take your finger out. Is it gone now?


Nine. The plan now is to lay low and hide?


His face is fine.


Never mind.


Can I Druidcraft a little bit and Druidcraft a little bit of breeze seeping from the box?


Yes! Can we go find an armory or somewhere that sells pointy things?


It doesn't matter anymore.


I'm going to take another shot at the big icy worm.


How much are they apiece?


Okay, that misses.


I was feeling weak. Ten.


I'm playing Vex'ahlia. The coolest chick ever.


(laughs weakly) Moving on. Back to planning.


Right towards him. Hey.


So she's waiting until they're within range of her holy abilities.


I mean, to be fair, we should let us go home eventually.


Am I able to prepare Magic Missile like a held spell for a fish head popping out of the hole?


I've got advantage. Is it strength or dex?


And we can see the hooks, right?


Yes, dear?


Okay. Oh, there we go.


Yeah. (background music)


You should absolutely offer a workshop. "otherwise the Lyceum would be the place to look."


I'll just pop it.


Just Nein.


Blood and viscous--


11. Oh wait, man, wait, blessed.


Preferably destroy.


I've never done this before. I've only seen people do that, so that's what I'm going to do.


No, this is--


First is 13.


Does it have to be tonight?


Let's make our way back towards the-- (under his breath) Jesus Christ.


Grog.


But if we do this, we're done. We can take it easy.


Don't let Nott find that.


Oh, jeez, I go--


Scanlan. She thought nothing of you when you met her, all right? The fact that she showed up here and saw that you gave your life for a greater cause? That's so much more important than any promise you made.


Okay. I pull out my oils that I use on Vax. Here you go. You're good. Much better.


Can I go into a rage?


Quiet dignity and grace.


Gather close, everyone.


I'm going stealth just because.


Yeah. I'm going to save them. I'm getting quite the collection.


That's so hard. I love everyone.


But still we move really stealthily.


I'm feeling lucky! Yeah. (all laugh)


Oh, that would be good for you.


I've grown a lot of emotional attachment to this.


You said you had met only one other Chosen before.


(groaning) Ah jeez.


-- camp out and do it in the morning.


You think we're going to win them over by showing them how disgusting we are?


So, not all of us go on the killing.


That's some Predator shit!


For all of us, right? It's an additional 2d10, I'm pretty sure.


Over here-ish. On the other side of this one. Can I raise a pillar through his wing?


So we should-- ugh, just look at them!


She's-- That time of the month.


Well. Sort of, yeah yeah yeah.


I want to say the name of it.


Does Vesh have a lot of followers?


Yes, time is of the essence. We should go right away.


Carry the three.


I think I like cannonball because it's better to shout during the battle.


(whispers) Sorry!


I mean, it was an evil baby, right?


Is it within melee and stuff?


Well then, I must be a very good liar.


In your face.


We still have Pass Without Trace?


How? We don't know much about it.


You know, I just figured someone ought to.


Oh no, how hurt is everyone?


Me too. 16.


Did we get any items recently?


Noodle-face, yeah.


Yeah. Did more than that, actually. Found our way up to the cave where Umbrasyl was. Left him in pieces.


23, it's 23.


Just eat your banana, the twins will go check it out.


On your chicken coop! That's so cute!


I take out the bloodaxe and I follow him!


I can. Do we need to?


Oh wait, do you have one more?


I'm going to use my bonus action-- yeah, fuck it, let's go for it-- I'm going to activate both swords.


I think that's an excellent idea. Let me join you.


You're going to be in triple digits soon.


Yes. Oh, sorry, plus six.


Yeah! Loot the ogres!


We didn't know we were interfering with it at the time. We thought we were just doing good, and we're here to make right by that.


Yes, he did. He sure knew how to-- it was dank.


This booze is okay, but Grog, I could really use the finest wine I've ever had.


I don't. I'll be right back. I go downstairs.


I really want to know. I will inspire myself, and I'll add a d12. That makes it 16.


I would rather be with you all than the finest people in the world.


Do you want to borrow my mask?


I start walking very slowly. Hello, bees. I want some honey!


So, for example, daggers'--


Oh. I'm at 24.


No, I kind of fucking like it, actually.


Do something cool.


Caleb-- I whisper in his ear  Make it poop. Make it poop on her hat.


I know. It is hard.


I touch the ground, still in my earth elemental form, do I sense anything? Tremor sense? Any vibrations?


Your hand is lateral.


Did you say Vex or Vax?


No, I'm of the chromatic nature, I'm a bit of an anomaly in my family, they're all of the metallic brand, I assure you. The Stormwind name runs true and wide throughout Draconia, but--


Yeah. I play the Heretic. Matt plays a million other people. It's really cool, check it out. We fight Batman.


No, no, I'm--


We might run out of water, though, because we're breathing it in.


Yeah, we play Dungeons & Dragons! Sorry. I'm excited.


Can I get close to it and put the necklace near it without touching it?


I just thought it was so fascinating. I had to leave it there.


Prayer of Healing on both of them.


And it take ten points of cold damage.


We're going to spend a day moving slowly, but I think we're going to slowly figure out how, between all of us, we can repair this, and I'm sure we can figure out where to get some cloth.


Hi, Balgus.


Hit him!


Thank you for saving me, Fjord.


You're going to steal his money and he's got medical problems.


Second attack. 22.


"Can it be? A box than can cure our woes and pick us up back onto our dusty rear ends?" What's with-- why?


You could hang a coat on him.


I've been waiting for this so for pretty much a few months.


There's no question, this is a bad situation you're in right now. We're not looking for you at all. I'm happy to knock you out and leave you in a closet here and lock it. If you want to help me find the Briarwoods, I really want to know where the Briarwoods are. Not you. Just the people you work for.


I start nervously twiddling a wire in my hand absentmindedly.


So I'm going to arc into the door. If I pass the pit demon, I'm going to use disengage as a bonus action so he does not, and I'll swivel underneath.


I'll take the next tentacle that works.


When we got together and we would play for 8 hours, we would get together and have lunch or dinner and we would spend a lot of time, and every game was a very special day, so no matter if the day was going great or not, it didn't matter because as soon as the game started, it was a whole different world that we had to step into, and now we live in it and we breathe it. It's great. We're all actors, and to get lost in each other, and with how Matthew narrates, and you'll see it when you watch the show, I'm like, "oh," and there's cameras now, and that's a whole other layer, and I still get lost in Keyleth shedding a tear, and the way Clarota interacts differently. I don't see Matthew doing it. I see (creature noise) that.


That was good. Anyone need healing?


No judgements here, but is it safe to say that you have been under-sharing with us?


But we--


(shouting) Room party!


This is pretty shitty.


There are things upstairs that we can't protect you from that we are going to deal with first.


Next week's Thanksgiving.


Dear Mr. Mayo. We relish the time we've had together.


Wait. I blow on the bowl. Does it look like any of the symbols got any brighter?


This is not what I asked for.


A very small, elderly gnome, bald on top, with a long white beard, and a bit of a distant look in his eyes, and he looks at you and says, are you real?


So you could open them up?


I start giving Keyleth--


Following up the ranks with Trinket, I guess.


I thought we were supposed to keep them from coming out into this world.


Are we going to bail? What do we do?


What if none of us fully understood that?


Not Bluute, but Bluude?


Does it look like the wounds from the weapons happened post-mortem? Or at the same time?


I follow him.


One werewolf has vowed allegiance to us.


She could be gnarlier than the giants that we've fought.


What did you get?


That is the baddest one.


Let’s get it! Let’s get it!


Bellows' Respite.


You are so caring.


Lift.


That's a weird spell!


Sorry. Our Dwarvish is a little thick. Near the--?


I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is 11 for the first one.


I'm going to send Trinket to your room with you, and he's going to sleep on top of you so that you will go to sleep.


No, Clarota!


We are. She can knock him out, though.


No, but you didn't roll a one. He rolled a four.


Is this with advantage, right? That's the effect of the spell.


I plunged the sword into his chest.


Beautiful. Keep going, yeah. Do it for your son.


I guide Vax back to the cliff.


Silver tongued, huh.


And for me?


Will you notify us when she returns?


Yeah like a point-- can you do a thing where you can put a pin in this tree?


Yeah. Roshambo for it.


Oh, not on the blade, not on the blade...


It sounded like you said "petri-fried".


These are great codenames.


If you can also flee at the same time.


Can I use my tracking to see any of those duergar? To see if any of them have passed through the area; if there's a large group of them ahead of us?


Did somebody buy it after him?


It was going great.


It doesn't look like chimney smoke. I'm not sure.


I take the other half and start trying to get Da-- what was his name?


I'm sorry, I've just never done anything that cool before!


Sorry. Her brain. That's what I'm talking about.


We found a pyramid, and we saw all these guys hanging around it, and right at the top of the pyramid was this big black ball. It looked like a pearl, but it was giant. It was at the top of the pyramid, and these guys, wearing these really cool but scary hoods and robes, they were throwing stuff on the black orb, and it was breaking and absorbing the stuff. And then this one guy--


No, Bearded Men. And we are going to be playing Mansions of Madness, some of us, here. Like around one o'clock.


Imps.


Not just yet.


Huh. Why?


That's totally tiger-like.


40 down, 40 across, 30 up.


Plastic covers? No plastic covers?


Do you think the blacksmith cares what the Empire is doing? The blacksmith is just trying to survive.


All I see is wicked Davy Jones wanting to chop us to pieces.


So you have advantage rolls on all charisma rolls.


That's 26 points of piercing damage. What the hell?!


I'm being super sincere.


I have no idea.


No, that was a long time ago.


I rolled a 30 to hit.


Kicking my feet, which doesn't make it any easier.


Then I ate the poop stone. Yep. Didn't wash it off or nothing.


I wink at him, keep walking.


If you want to walk in.


What.


Just right out.


Wait, I have enchantment.


One!


You know, I still look the way I did when I checked in. Looking like me going to go and do all the recon.


Hey. That cliff's really high.


Actually, it should be only about half an hour, now!


Oh, that's my specialty.


Grog, why are you being a dick-fuck? I need to get out of this mud. Seriously?


Good. Well, I look forward to hearing your tales. Do you need some help, my darling?


Oh, shit, Voice of the Tempest!


(worried noises) Oh no!


I'm going to send Frumpkin to crawl down and get a look.


Is it, though, Scanlan?


Bait. I like it. Way to volunteer, captain.


Could you make it fire?


That's a possibility.


The three of you, wait, you, who, and who?


Vasselheim  where everybody knows your name.


He was a little clumsy, but he got through, didn't he?


I'm bush two.


Can I have a hug?


I pull out a small note that I hold in my right hand.


I'm not looking. I don't want to look.


Pike, are you encouraging me to go to a brothel right now?


No no, behind him a bit-- I'm going to cast Blight at fifth level on him.


I love you. That's pretty fucking great.


Actually, me and Travis are the only dead ones.


8d6?! Kill him!


Cool. Fort Daxio then? Check it out?


Seems like he's taken a few things that he's afraid of.


(knocking louder)


Don't stab anything.


I'm just holding this necklace. I have a necklace on, I can't wear it.


Bigby's Hand is still near him?


We walk, is that what we do?


That was so close, that was really close to us that time!


Ta-da!


What if there's traps on the inside, though?


It's been a pleasure.


Standard deviation.


Do your thing. Do what you do.


Yeah, I'm royalty from a far-off land. I pride myself on trying the fiercest spirit in the area that I'm visiting. What do you guys pride yourself on?


Oh no, who's he hitting?


Siebzehn.


I'll go around back.


If these are the warnings.


There's lots you can do with manacles.


Great stealth roll.


I'm gonna just see if I can detect any lies.


Probably us.


Okay. I'm going to, clutching my bleeding belly, walk over toward Keyleth and say, that was a close one.


Okay, let's go!


Fuck, that's half of my damn movement?


Manipulate that guy that recognized us.


Yeah. Undead. Betrothed.


Percy, you've been so quiet here lately.


It's an early one. He actually did it under a pseudonym. He did a whole series under that pseudonym, short stories.


I want to know if such a thing exists, and if so, how much. A potion or a scroll that could invoke either Hallow or Spirit Guardians.


It's magic, it's weightless.


I did know that. We're trying to figure out how to save you.


Where? Which direction?


I'm sorry!


Because we know where the dragon is, we have an army, we have an opportunity, this is it. We're never going to have an army.


Both parties. Cross-plane.


A walking tour?


All clear. I take another swig from my flask.


Can we swim around and look for another entrance to this cavern?


I'm sure they don't like it. In any case, the only thing that our rebels are rebelling against right now are six zombie giants, one of whom I'm pretty sure they killed already. Did I see them?


Make sure Sam exits the plane first. Sam exits the plane first.


I'm going to only sleep for a little bit, cause I didn't use all my spells I only need to rest for half the amount of time, maybe.


What the fuck is that?! He's a dragon-man?! What is this?


No, no, no. Wake up, wake up, wake up. What's the marble? What's the little ball? What's it do?


Looking--


We've got to get everyone away from that thing.


I'm going to come with you.


Is there a town coming up? Or some place where we can quickly sell the horse and cart?


You do your shit, that you do! Then I head back through the shadows.


Well no, I'm not damaging him, I'm just--


We will discuss, at the very least, relieving you of some of this burden.


Between me, you, and Pike? We can take this tower down.


Oh no. It's something else.


But that is still probably handy. (laughs) So this is just me doing a quick test-- man, that-- I don't know how helpful that is.


We can't spend that long in here. Maybe we just take a bit of it with us. Do you have a pocket?


It's a good thing we rested up and waited until the following night, though.


Seitan?


So I didn't do that yet.


I don't know. Am I able to talk further?


I've always known that I was not fit to travel with you all, and I know that you all love me, but you don't really like me that much. Oh, I can be kind of a dick sometime.


(dagger throwing noise)


Didn't look like she even had any weapons!


I've got him!


No, no, don't tell him.


Oh yeah, these are from our friends at Espionage Cosmetics.


But your family went the other way? To the west?


So let's take a little damage and do a little psychic. I do not like this die, I'm getting rid of it. It's only nine points of damage plus two points of psychic.


Damn it. (sighs) Money is so good. Not when you don't have it. I have armor. I have jewels that are worth a lot. Please, you don't want to do this. Please. Just let it go and no one will get hurt.


Come get me, you coward!


Yeah, that happened. (laughter)


Sam!


Justin George?


Oh yeah. Hey, you guy! How come you did not do anything?


No problem. I'll just be over here, you know, bathing.


Those always go well.


Anything for that butt-shot, Sam.


She stress exhaled.


Careful, careful, I'm still raw.


Did he work for any of the particular breweries around?


Somebody pretty give me CPR.


Modifier goes on at the end.


Can I use my Mask of Many Faces, and I'll adopt an older face with a gray beard and a dark hood, and can I walk into the physician's office?


Yup, like we're watching-- guarding this room together.


She is very useful in the right circumstances.


I make a standard roll, plus-- what is it? Is it dexterity and a modifier on top of that?


Meanwhile, Travis is somewhere singing "Dear Theodosia."


Okay, let's see if Schmidt can--


Ah! Mother lied. Ah.


Definitely hit.


Wake me up when you're tired.


Dispel Magic. Yes, I did.


Did you bring any Wheaton power from the other room? (all laugh)


Yay! And we got the warden thing.


Okay. Okay and since I land, since Grog is right up against those two--


He can't even hear about it!


The trick is to not expect anything in life.


- we had to kill a couple and he actually helped a lot!


Happy anniversary.


We can at least move people to, you know. Where's that town that was established?


All right, good to know. Thanks, Zed.


But what if someone breaks in and we're here? Then we're attached to these objects. I mean, I'll sleep down here if you want. Maybe we can get rid of the skelly first.


I am going to-- Has he taken a lot of damage yet, or are we just keep grappling him?


I show the keys. I'm worried there's a cage down there. I still have the spider boots, so I'm holding on.


You're dead, sir.


It's one minute.


Oh, that’s where the trapdoor is!


Another nine hours.


I've had enough hag.


Yes, that's good. Okay, that's a good start.


He was. I look around for Caleb.


Then we've wasted a question.


Am I able to wade onto the land, just behind Beau there? Yeah, if I go in that direction, can I get off on dry land?


Are they for sure going to attack us?


I can't do anything that could make noise anyway.


Spit it out.


Everything gives me the heebie jeebies.


I think I got it though! Don't worry.


There's a bucket of water in the corner. You can try that.


Where did it go? Investigation? I rolled a nine.


Did we ever find anything out about the Sending thing? How did that go? That's what I want to know about first.


Well, she saw-- Yes, she did.


I get a grit point back.


From here.


Oh. Who's in a robe? We're all undead.


The reason we're not overflowing with "Happy Birthday" joy and radiance is because we also have a cold, dead, fury that she's not at the table.


Credits.


I'm going to use my reaction to deflect missiles. Oh, I rolled a nine. Sorry! I should have dictated that.


Why don't you come with me and I'm going to go show you while they talk.


Please tell me I didn't kill someone innocent again.


Stereo.


What does being held mean?


Be nice.


It's in my nose.


BB! I want shaved ice, BB!


Well, we can certainly teach you.


We’re already up there?


Where's the Bramble forest?


Sure. Whatever you need.


You're saying somebody could read it, but they'd have to make it all the way through the end.


Vague directions.


But there's a person thing.


We're quite capable fighters. Grog here almost won in his fight the other night. Sorry, Grog.


Almond Joy.


My god, 45.


I've never done this before.


Yeah, you have to roll above your damage. Oh my god! Shut the fuck up!


It's good. That was fun.


It's nothing. It's nothing, is what it is.


Yeah, but you know what they say, it's location, location, location.


I step forward and I sing a song of inspiration.


14, so I reduce that by 14.


Let's not do that then.


Yeah! You were born here.


How many people are frozen?


What's the easiest to get to without--


These must have been very interesting ducks.


I don't have this.


And I'm going to shoot again.


"It was dope!"


Christ, 4 am? Good morning!


Okay. I'm going to Turn Undead really quickly, and then I'm going to go over and deal with you.


Damn, there's not a lot I can do. I guess I'll run up. Just there. Can I pick up a rock and throw a rock and be like: Get! Get on!


Leaky Tap Tavern?


In our hoods and our boring cloaks!


That went well. That's 19 times two, that's 38.


How much gold do you have?


It's too bad Pike didn't cast Death Ward on him before she left, though. That would've been great.


That's very easy to do. She has no aesthetics whatsoever.


Yeah. One, two, three, four, five.


Shit, I wanted the bonus action to drink a potion, but fuck it, I'd like to swing at the giant little shit.


There's ten different kinds of things like that.


To keep him out of trouble.


We are just giving them time to be ready for us. We need to proceed.


Nice to see you.


This is Taliesin.


And as we returned to the tavern, did we see hustle and bustle of people rising up in rebellion, by any chance?


Where is it located? We need in.


All of those things.


Yeah, we have ten more minutes.


Oh. Yeah, I did.


And Abjurist Noja.


At second level. We're about to get a rest, it seems stupid to-- oh, it's cocked. Five plus four. No. It would be plus four, plus four? No, it's 2d8 plus four.


Maybe we could get to that tomorrow.


--you are poisoned.


We're hoping that we'll get it to turn.


Do you know what is happening right now?


Once you attune it to yourself--


(high voice) Well struck, my lord!


Wouldn't it seem odd if I started singing to myself?


And then the jerk over by Scanlan gets seven.


There's only like four doors right?


That was a plant. You've been holding a plant and I've been holding a book. That got weird.


21, which was huge for me.


Oh that's a good point.


Fur, just fur--


That's the end of my turn. I moved-- that was my full movement to get up there?


(sobbing)


We haven't been down to the water's surface.


It says in the book that they are definitely faster.


Can you scry him, since you've seen him before?


I'm going to look for a weakness. That'll give me advantage on my next--


All about phrasing.


Right, so like, I could take Vax's head and smash it against one and then pick up the pieces. No, that's a bad thing from your frown.


It gives you advantage on stealth checks.


That's not a long fall for a cat.


(sings) That's me in the kraken...


Primal. Hey, look! This looks an awful lot like the shirt that Travis is wearing right now!


Well, all right then. I keep moving downward.


Who the fuck are you, though?


Yeah. How did you deal with it?


New comic!


Grog, come over here! Darling, I've got some rocks you can move. Maybe we can get in on this side.


Help! I'm standing.


But you learn their spells and abilities. You automatically get those.


Tooma. It is not a tumor.


That's fine, I don't care.


Yeah, I think maybe you can get real descriptive with it, too, so you can make it real complicated.


Campaign four, I'm waiting for it.


Can I move away, since he's grappled?


He picked his cup up without drinking it again! Picks it up. (thunk)


What's wrong with my antlers?


Can we maybe try to look in?


Laura's next, I believe.


And endless supply of pavers and gravel.


Can I ask a question while she's healing Percy?


Well, yeah. I'm not a barbarian. I'm going to go along the edge closest to you and move back to where I stopped to listen.


She’s bleeding all over.


Okay. 3d8. 15, and then 20 for the big one with the Hunter's Mark.


It's good there's a bathroom on the way to that. That works out well.


Yeah. I'm going to start digging a trench.


I watched her walk up to the tree and I followed her--


No necklace?


Some things just happen.


How many times?


I look over at Tiberius and just short of sheepishly shrug.


You did creeper?


Up these things, into the money pot.


Not particularly.


Sure. So Bigby's Hand's gone.


Plus seven points psychic. Half that damage, next round.


Can I move along the wall that way?


We wouldn't be able to bamf out that day. We'd be staying the night.


It's like Rocket Raccoon going through the dimensional rifts.


It's a wand of dickbutts.


You don't know if it's Vex's. It could be anybody's!


And also, if you need to put your dice in something, you should go to wyrmwoodgaming.com and use the code 'critrole,' which will get you free shipping.


Have you any elven gear for a son of Syngorn?


Do you know why? Because those adventurers are busy actually having a good time.


You were just doing the John Stewart bullshit, like "Ah. Ah!"


I give Nott my thieves' tools.


Erwen.


G-N-O-L-L.


Yeah, I would love that, thank you, Jester.


There are people eating at home right now.


I'm like, man, I'm such a fucking badass right now. What am I doing?


I can get you up there. What can you do when we're up there?


Is that something you can control?


What about our Halloween costume competition?


Okay, we'll just go, then.


I want to check out the queen.


I stand. I don't sit.


Wait a minute. When I disappeared, you didn't immediately come and try and find me? You went and got stuff?


It's undead.


Come in.


Once she is clear of the wall, I'm going to start actually disrobing, although I guess the illusion stays.


I'm tapping myself-- I can do it, but I'm tapping myself out. I'm burning literally all my top level spells and I have no beast shapes left. But I can do it. It's what we think is most important.


I'm on the carpet with you.


Oh god, this makes me so nervous. That's good! 19 for the first one.


Do you want the app?


Vulva?


Mmm! That's not good!


Dragon blade on the inside rolled a 15.


Shut up back there! It's easy to make mistakes!


She's drunk, don't tell her to do stupid things.


How far away are we?


So, we can be far away when we activate it.


It's a vampire. We just killed him. Sort of.


Grog, what are you thinking over there?


This non-plan.


The rain is good. It will mean that they'll have an easier time figuring out the water level while they're digging out beneath the Sun Tree and making sure that it's secure. I love this weather.


They're very dirty, they smell terrible and--


To the back!


Yeah, but I want the honeycomb straight from the thingy!


I'm not done with my errands. Can I go find Kynan?


I run by her and say cannonball! And jump in.


Uh-huh. You didn't traumatize him, did you?


Well, let's put your best foot forward.


(imitating Taliesin) We're going to do Guiding Bolt.


It's like walking on the edge of a cliff in the middle of the night. And you didn't know how far the drop was, and you're just toeing the edge. No idea what was on the other side.


Can I roll stealth and hide right now? (laughter)


Yeah. Come on. Wrap it up. Let's go.


I've got plans.


No, that was really good!


Toya. Singing dwarf.


I have a 16, my friend.


I might die.


I'm going to go look! I can see in the dark.


I think we'll be fine. Because she needs to rest as well. We hurt her pretty badly.


Going to use my boots.


If she's already controlled--


Not yet, darling.


No, we're still online.


Which means to bluff.


How far away, roughly, was the edge of the lake and islands from where we are right now?


And run in this direction. (laughter)


Who's the youngest?


Woo, Travis!


With a wink, I end my note.


Good constitution. Yeah, come on. Let them know.


A bloated wolf, basically?


So it's a tree that looks like there's people living in it? It's a window looking out?


I'm about to. 13 additional. And then ten with the blazing bowstring-- nine more with the blazing bowstring.


And you also fill up that, as well.


What do the doors look like?


Ja, but still.


Yeah. I'm saying I cast Plane Shift from the Feywild to here. That's all I'm saying. But I used that, and that's a seventh level spell.


He hears your voice!


This is an empty cup.


There was no blazing drum and bass?


Good, I'm casting it at third level. So that's 3d8. That's cocked. That sucks. Seven, sorry.


Do we need more for the journey, or is that enough?


Do you need a moment? Do you need to sit down? Do you need me to hold you?


Lick it.


Like a little dog on my calf?


As close to the enemy as possible. Tiberius and I took the aggressive stance.


So I'm leaving it to you to do that counting. Which is really hard for me, personally, but there you go.


Did the creature look like that?


Except that I pull Beau back while everyone proceeds upstairs.


(yelps) Call Child Protective Services!


That was the worst blue balls ever.


If it's a vicinity thing--


Dark shade.


That's fucking rad. Kill some bitches.


But we'd have to put it with someone else, right?


I feel like we should save that acid for the beholder.


Oh, okay. Never mind, keep going. I'm sorry.


Ah, Freddie will do for now.


I think that I see one of the giant gators is getting close to Nott and also Yasha, so I'm going to tug really hard on the Glove of Blasting and revolve around my wrist three times and use Scorching Ray.


I'm going to quickly inspect one.


Well, here's the question. There's three lordly houses that we have to avoid at all costs, for now. There's a few shops that if we feel might be in our best interest to scout out. I know where an old weapons depot used to be. We could check the temples to maybe see if we could maybe find some support to begin with.


Petrification--


You know what, guys?


What the hell are we in?


I should've said it, but I didn't say it.


After you've been corrupted by it?


I am snapping my fingers and bringing Frumpkin scarf-like around my neck, under my hood. Just to have him with me.


Unable to lie, and with Pike's spell--


Oh, it's dusty. Was it dusty in there?


Fuck you, little brains.


I just got you a gift. Because if you won't spend time with me now, maybe you'll be able to spend time on your own. So I wrote you this. Maybe someone else can read it for him.


You went there, that fast.


Oh! I bet you would sunburn easily. You should probably coat yourself with a layer of dirt, just to make sure.


256, Liam!


(English accent) Don't touch it, Mum, it's evil!


So did Scanlan Two.


That's double standard, Vax. I'm just saying.


Fuck. (clears throat)


Scanlan, shall we away?


Moles and trolls. Red leather, yellow leather.


I am very stealthy.


I mean, kind of. We wanted to see if it changed, or if anything's different, or if we see a mysterious figure in a window.


We do have a thousand-foot Teleport.


20 points of healing.


They're fucking feathers.


Delilah was obviously his pawn and she was using it. Fuck it. Destroy it.


Your face seems a little different.


Wasn't Tiberius a strange one?


How far away is Caleb, currently?


Anyway. Be happy. Go to him. Just live in the moment, don't worry about it right now.


You should Identify it.


I'm thankful. My last question  this taskmaster of yours, the name you gave me, is it his true name?


Oh! Well, awesome. That's cool. I'll probably do that too. It sounds like it's pretty sweet. And I want to thank you, the rest, with all of us. I'm doing this because I'm currently fighting cancer. I have-- I don't have that bad of a trek to go through, but it is very inconvenient and painful, but hearing stories like you. I mean, you're 20. He has a beautiful singing voice. He's a singer. And you're going to Harvard, is that what's going on?


Yes, yeah, just give him an anime weapon.


Have at it. And I back up.


Nice. Slick.


Wait, which chat?


Yeah, yeah, yeah! That's how you could make some money, maybe tinker for a living.


(whispering) Where is that?


Take two! That one doesn't hit, though.


Oh, yeah, that hits for sure.


So I'm going to shoot for the head, that tends to go well. Oh, thank god. No, that's going to miss. That's a 15.


Mm-hm. So I'm gonna swim over that way. And I'm hasted, so action, action, I should have a bonus action, yeah?


23. No, 27.


Knock knock. (laughter)


I'll go through the front like a proper person.


What if we could find the book?


This is where we walked in from?


Lock that door behind me, and I leave.


But I wanted him to be true to her forever. I'm going to try one more time.


Somebody, come on, three rollers.


Well, yes. Bottom line  can you hang with the goblin?


Well, this is where we're going, technically this is the shipwreck.


Flying carpet!


He's very wise, he'll be fine.


Honestly, I can't even tell the difference.


What? Are they all fucking sixes?


I stole them, dude.


Okay. Am I able to get back into the circle? How far am I?


I walk over and scrape my radiant sword against the orb.


What? What kind of guests?


She seemed human? What do you mean?


The one-- you mean the--


Wait, I need to hold the weasel. I'm thinking about buying the weasel.


And say, Let's go scan around the tree line, friend. Fly! Fly!


All right, Taryon's going to die in like five seconds. (laughter)


Oh, giant. My fair giant.


Oh, I don't have anything else to do. That was it-- my bonus action already.


Jerking off. (laughter)


Yes. I can bend my thumb all the way back.


I'm dressed! I'm dressed!


I want to do a hand. (laughter)


Well, now that Kevdak's out of the way, maybe people will listen to what I have to say for a change.


Yes, that's awesome!


Yeah, there were a ton of candles and a skull.


You're inspired.


I wish Aldor would do that to me.


Did you do this, Matthew? You made this, didn't you? You painted it?


Oh. She's with us. She's with us, she was just outside, we got in before.


You can have the best education.


Yeah, we're stealthing.


It's that thing that we fought in the City of Brass.


Do your thing!


Why did it all turn?


You just have to say it. Pages of paper bound together and a climbing or rappel technique.


Yeah. Then I'll put the symbol. But I'm also going to keep this one to put in the fireplace, because I think it will be really cool.


Why don't we take a short rest, heal up a bit, get back out there, take down some giants. What do you guys say?


But we're directly in front of the door a ways back? How far back?


She's probably the elven woman working at the bar since we were told she works here, right?


Why don't you bite it, dude?


I would have flipped them if I'd known.


That's 24. These are just regular.


The spell brings to your mind a brief summary of the significant lore about the thing you named: current tales, forgotten stories, secret lore that has never been widely known. If it is not of legendary importance, you gain no information. Would I think that this is a legendary dragon?


You have fuzz in your hair.


Yeah, what about the owl and the weasel?


Never killed anything in two years!


She's on fire!


So we're gonna make them hallucinate--


It's about three. We could just do a round of the front courtyard and see what's going on.


He's a bit of a prick and what I've heard? It's not that big of a prick.


Have any healing left?


A little communication is all we need!


This is our kingdom.


Yeah, let's just throw down a big ol' Fireball.


Yeah. See, I need something-- I give him a little bit of gold to see if he--


Are you giving me an out because you feel bad? Because if you're giving me an out--


17 plus two.


Can't-- wait, wait, wait. Why can't, why can't Vex and I just, at least, go check it out before we do this?


Or kill them.


Wait, do I put that on my saving throws, too?


Okay, so there's no getting away. I'm gonna-- I can basically without-- I remember I'm not supposed to look at these things. I know where this thing is. I can pull my gun and just take a shot, right?


Fantasmagoria. I'm definitely having some, yeah.


(chuckles, clears throat) No. I'm free on my backpack tour. No plans.


Gonna be great.


(shouting) What. The. Fuck?! (laughter)


Well, I could. How is your arm? You know what, no, let's just do it. I cast Fly. Let go.


Three. Seven so I heal nine points. And then with my second action, my second hasted action, I'm going to use my second wind to heal 1d10 plus my fighter level. Ten! Plus three is 13. So I heal 13 more points.


He's not here.


Fricking awesome.


And I'm going to call Trinket out.


He looks really happy in here, right?


Really? I've got extended melee. Come on, man.


Grog? Grog, not too far ahead!


Probably give you enough time to (inhales).


For 11 points of damage.


You got this, Keyleth! You got this!


And see how you feel.


Yeah, I know the feeling. (laughter)


You married? What kids do you have?


You guys want to try and meet us where that pillar is?


Alter Self. So I still have all my Beast Shaping, correct?


Percy to my friends.


Gro--


That makes me think he has the Joker.


Just hold on, I just need like a few--


I feel like I would really be Thurston. I feel like Thurston's better.


You are useless. For the love of god.


I have not really seen?


Yeah, it's amazing. And Keyleth lights up her flame hands as she walks off in a fury.


I've got to work on this.


She was. His name was Zeenoth. He's an archivist of the Cobalt Reserve. Lot of books there. Lot of books.


I judge you heavily.


And my mom and our puppy.


She does read a lot. Or she used to.


Okay, so I'm in my room.


Hey, that's not bad.


(muffled) Okay.


I turn her upside down, look at her feet.


Do you always do this or is this new for you?


The only superpower more pathetic than Aquaman's.


Did you roll the meteorite yet?


Yeah, I'll help Caleb.


That's my girl.


I look at Vax and laugh at him because he's so much older than I am.


(deep breathing) It smells really weird in here.


Nothing Jamedi is wearing at all is giving off a--?


We should stick to the plan.


(laughing) Slick!


We should distract them--!


With monks who are librarians and taught you how to kill with your fists.


I think we made a really good impression on this city coming back.


Get 'im.


They're stupid, aren't they?


Erwen!


I obviously do cast the spell, don't I?


(shouting) Yasha's coming.


Lastly, if you go over to their Facebook page right now for Wyrmwood Gaming, they're doing a contest. They're giving away one of these mofos. So all the rules for how the contest works are there. And you can get one of these for looking at their Facebook page.


I'm going to use Sharpshooter on this attack.


Okay, Zahra, you're going to get him. I can feel it.


I don't know. Let me find it.


Are you in this room with us too, right now?


You've picked up a woman before, but just not in a bar?


I'm almost there!


It's 1,500!


Was she a drow?


This was a week ago, this was before we were even close.


I'm flying!


Well yeah, but I'm going to act totally calm about it.


Very well. I'm very proud.


What color is the rock?


You are a motherfucker. You couldn't have just put them in the Bag of Holding?


Yeah, that would've been fucking bad.


I did, it was really cool, too. Can we go find it?


I'm going to take some time to put a little braid in his hair, and stick a little flower stem or two in there, and try to make a little flower mohawk.


Yeah, move it towards where Ripley was!


Ooh, oh! Caleb gave me his Frumpkin. Frumpkin-- [laughter]


I'm going to rope down really quick, quietly, keeping an eye out.


Caduceus?


We have a fucking stowaway.


What do your elf eyes see? Oh, nothing.


Maybe they're all bad.


In this corridor or in the central chamber?


(relieved) Ah!


Add some hit points!


Oh, the Mountebank.


This is a big group for me.


I'm still against the wall, glowing.


You idiot!


Oh, we are on the carpet.


Or turn it into an octagon.


Can you make something?


You can be assured that I will. Thank you for your time, I'll leave you now.


But like, why? Why are my rolls so garbage?


That was nine swears in one turn, that was good.


As long as it's at range.


Terrible. 11.


Where are those gifts, guys?


Preferably three bedroom, three bath.


I reach out and I Plane Shift it to the pocket dimension of the Dread Emperor.


Well, I sort of tricked you and thought it'd be funny if I gave you maybe the wrong thing. To see if you'd notice! But-- I'm still lying. I didn't-- I was afraid-- I gave you a false deck.


I was feeling weird about it.


No, it's the buddy system. No blame going around.


That is part of your charm. I don't even know what I'm saying. I feel I need to be honest with you. There's no question you and I have danced around each other a bit in the past few years, and I have been curious.


I can try Divine Intervention again so--


Don't you have a-- Actually, you've got an unarmed strike.


She disappeared with our goliath friend.


Is this how things normally go around here?


And I run over to the sarcophagus.


No! It's a natural 20!


I'm human.


You're right, you're right, you're right.


Why are we whispering?


That's a 23?


What was the effect?


-- it'll help hold all it in place.


Take him. I'll be fine. I'm gonna, I have a potion of climbing.


Okay, what do I see? Where am I? Quick look around!


A few on the fly rewrites there.


He's passed out.


So many curves.


He was our friend! He helped us!


You know, we love traveling around. Is there anything in Berleben that we just have to see before we leave?


Well, it’s not the rule, though, I don’t want any preferential -


I will sneak through. If shit goes south, I will peel off and join the others.


25 on the first.


Can I use Evasion, or-- Uncanny Dodge or Evasion?


I toss the box to Nott. Catch!


(whispering) What would Vex do?


And I have plans for my city. I have plans for the people. I want to make it great again. I want to make it shining, beautiful, comfortable for everyone.


I've met weirder.


I shuffle in with like a towel. Nott! What the fuck! (laughter)


My previous character was dragonborn.


I'm always a fan of the rears.


I was just talking to jpcguy. (cheering)


I smell fucking fantastic, and I'm over there. I am going to laze about the musicians and listen to the musicians and wait for them to finish a set.


You are right.


Hey, over there is a tree stump on the side of the road. That's the bald one. What do you do?


Jester, what are you doing?


No. I like that a lot.


We need to reinforce this city not as a final stand, but as a place where there might be survivors. Because if they come here, there's no battle to be fought. It's just a loss.


We each have like 150 hit points.


16 plus eight, hits.


Yeah, I want to hit him!


Stealth, stealth. And get out. Go stealth and get out.


I know, look at the face, you saw it too, didn't you? The shadow of a man that wished he could have butchered somebody and didn't quite get to. (laughter)


Good for tension. I'm also gonna grab-- I should not be allowed to drink this. I'm going to take you aside really quickly and give you the extra set of goggles and the bead.


Let's see, if I asked him to drop or asked him to fall-- could I ask him to fall on his fellows?


Take a look at this. Do these mean anything to you? Just looking at the stone structures that are here.


It's whatever. It's a little bubble.


Do I know the school of magic?


Maybe we can activate it.


(fake coughs loudly) Can you help me? I think I’m choking.


What about your interests in the Hall of Erudition here and the Academy?


Yeah, "you're my mate."


One of the best ever. So many great games!


I don't. I don't know. I've never thought about it. It didn't matter.


Well, this is just how I sound.


Plane Shift!


Is it heavily protected?


Right. Have you ever seen anyone be affected by it, personally?


Because it's got the click, pull, click.


It's time for Mass Heal, which is 700 hit points spread out.


Now, if I was you, I'd run.


I'm going to dart off in a flanking maneuver.


Sure, if you want to get under my hood here?


It's verified. That's a 20.


Shit, I don't like going first! Okay, I'm going to attack with my sword.


Ho! Boom-shaka-laka-laka!


Not. no, no.


Yeah, I'll go over there.


No, I completely understand, but I won't be brought to trial. Not that I'm all, "well it's all about me," but I'm serious. That's why I'm here! My motivations are not to save my ass, my motivations are to get into this bloody guild!


"Fuh-jord-y!"


I rolled a 20.


(chewing) Bacon's really good!


I would say it's almost safer for her down here for now.


You're actually doing something else on the internet?


You're good. The wall's good.


(whispering) Oh. And I gently start to push the statue out of the way.


Oh, Vax isn't here. Hey Vax. You want to go help me save my family by risking our lives in almost certain death?


Thank you, Meghan!


Marriage.


Yeah, I turn to Percy and I say  man, you know, I almost feel bad for the guy.


Grog, did you get hit?


Okay, yep. They attacked us. And I walk away.


Can I put my hand on his chest? Is the heart still beating?


Can I find Orly?


Hex is back, don't worry guys. I'm freaking out. Oh god, he's so high.


Oh, it's still there. It didn't cut through it?


Re-lock it. Re-lock it.


That was almost great. 12. Nope, 15.


We've killed four dragons?! Four fucking dragons. Go us.


Nott, you feel Frumpkin's claws slowly and deliberately squeeze into your shoulder.


Ew, you really are Caleb. What is that?


Yes. Scary.


Vex is going to be so angry.


Is that already halved because of raging?


That's a 17.


He is part of the Clasp.


Hey, Matt. Dungeon master. They're wearing what they described. They're not wearing any cloaks or anything right now, are they?


We're doing this now?


Can I send a candle?


What were you guys doing out here?


Well, we're frequently at the-- what the name was the--


It doesn't look like the gash in the orb is deeper than the length of the blade that's left, correct?


Do you want me to try to pick this lock? Because I am very talented as a rogue.


Sharpshooter again.


I'm going to go make a trip to Gilmore's. Anybody want to join?


How is it, working for The Gentleman?


Make him drop it?


The bolts.


Pablove Foundation, which is amazing. I chose the Nature Conservancy. They're great and they protect the lands and the animals that is very important so we can keep having a beautiful green world.


I don't know. That is a question.


I've already built a smoke bomb and some rounds of bullets. All right, I'll put a little more time in this. Can I get some inspiration for this, too, if that would be possible?


Yeah, just up from there.


I know. I didn't see it. I died, too.


For six seconds.


Eff him up, Scanlan.


I'm an 18.


Are the stores still open?


Shoot her!


We're looking to charter a ship, full of sailors, who can get us to a circular reef to the southwest, near the Hespit.


Just now or do you mean just a moment ago?


Not good!


And then ten for the second.


Can we get rid of them, though?


Oh, this is the king that will rise again?


Oh, if we could maybe bring the top down here?


We should have a spread of our survival kits.


So none of that.


Oh, I get advantage?


Is it early enough to where, on my way there, I can pick up my custom coat?


And 25 to hit.


Everyone's going to know that we're here, and what we're looking for by morning.


Then I might make my dress like this permanently because of how sexy I am. [cheering]


Citric acid is pretty good.


Blurs from the bush? What?


Is this deception, what is this?


And I fly away.


We plan!


Oh, you already used it on Allura.


Ooh, I love him so much.


Can I perception check, as well?


That would work--


Deception. Okay, 24.


Don't fucking rob me of my discovery. 11.


Distance, because they have a light source, so we want to follow that.


Sentinel attack


So someone more like Keyleth would be along-- someone lithe and sculpted.


Give me the flying carpet just in case I need to fly.


Giants and dragons?


Yeah, we were.


Oh, right, that's me. Fuck.


It is really not a thing we want to fight. It is awful. It is wretched. It will kill all of us if we don't find out a way to kill it-- oh my god.


Very few.


I'm in my lab the first night and I write a Scroll of Telescription to my father. And I go, dear father, and I tell him about the circumstances with the vampires.


Yeah, I think this is a thing. Like a thing to kill.


So wait wait wait, the last time you saw runes like this, you lost the carpet. How did you lose the carpet?


Ugh! [applause]


We can imagine that, Matt. We needed the fear of god.


I hold it up to my ear. Is anybody trying to talk to me right now?


You're a leader!


Use your hit dice, you'll be fine.


Not good. Not good, both.


Well, I mean, you've taught me a lot, so maybe I could do it.


I think this is a reasonable risk.


Much like doing improv, it's a wonderful escape. I know I'm really frantic in how I play it. Poor Matthew. He puts up with arguments about spells that I want to make super OP, and he's like, "you can't do that." I'm like, "but why?" Those are our arguments.


Ultimately, protection or a good ear.


Wow, that was weird, you guys. It was weird.


Keyleth, shut up about Garmelie!


If your bowls are magical, though, they should survive, right?


I didn't do Hunter's Mark damage on that first guy.


Slams two feet above it, though.


Why don't you give him a few days to ruminate on what you have just said, and see if anything returns? Or maybe we will return. It's your decision.


Want a bonus?


-- because Tiberius wasn't here with the crows.


I don't think, I mean, yeah, we could, but--


She does that, Vax. A lot.


And is it signed?


Nice, they have little bard thingies.


Putting the word out that we're other places than we are. Putting the sound--


Not on Scanlan, on the one attacking Scanlan.


Potentially. Or the Dawnfather helped seal with Ioun.


He did say to bring back anything we could find.


The four-foot long one.


What's that mean?


(worried noises)


Can we just bring my book-browsing down to a single roll to see if anything of use--


Yeah, that is bad news. Are the carts all heading in the same direction or would they split up?


(whispering) Are you whispering too?


Hello, handsome.


The one with the burned slash on it.


Yeah, secret doors? Can I use a perception check to see if there's any kind of secret entrances in the rubble at all? Something that leads to a cellar?


Is Gilmore staying here in Whitestone? Yes?


She wouldn't maybe not know, necessarily.


We were leaving from Whitestone because we'd all gathered there for--


She might.


Lucien?!


Let's send the owl.


The dot.


(jumping and landing) Three-point stance.


(whispering) One last question, this is it, I swear.


If we can, we're going to peace out.


I keep Gandalfing.


I think Matt went dead inside.


Oh yeah, that. I have forgotten how to play Dungeons and Dragons. 18.


After that, are we ready to go?


Can I take both hands and do a coup de grace, two big (crashing) over the top?


The orange one.


I have not the slightest clue how to do that.


(impressed laughter)


They're not dwarves.


String theory?


I thought it was time for some Mercer Mystery. Shit.


I am going to make a goading attack to try and draw whoever's closer.


It's not now?


I'm really good at makeup.


There's nowhere for him to retch from.


Did you see any whales?


You're pretty cool, Sun Tree.


Fine, with.


That did not sound good.


It's an inflection thing?


I love it, I love it!


Tova! Tova! You're really awesome! Are you also a druid? No?


He doesn't know who's doing it, that's okay.


(laughs) Yeah, just, snake flies down the hall--


Sneaky sneak!


Right this way!


Sorry, we're tired. We've been hopping all over.


Or do we have to go through some of the web?


Why don't we just burn the whole field? They won't know if there's a body in there or not.


Yeah, sphinx?


Are we making noise now? Do we care?


Yeah, Keyleth, perhaps, might want to take this book. I am not leading anyone.


Probably, he works here.


Otherwise, it becomes our friend Pike from Nowhere.


I feel like a natural 20 should auto-fail this.


Oh, now it's three.


His ring.


I feel like I know you better now.


Yasha. Do I deal with this or do I not deal with this?


Nott, do you share the same hatred in yourself?


An encounter.


Of all time.


And I get the spike and attach it.


17, plus I'll use Fury of the Small to add another six, that's 23!


And 14?


Yeah, no--


Where's little Beau? Little Beau is missing!


Wait, what size do I have?


I feel like--


Wow, we're terrible people.


There's no air in your sinuses.


"Aw, what was I thinking. Oh."


Jewelry, wedding bands, anything?


I'm taking my blade with the poison on it, and I'm going to slash at her.


You think he's replacing Scanlan?


(nervous laugh) Cool.


Right, Grog, it's two different sets of problems. Here, he's a wee, wee bab in a chocolate egg, but getting to him is difficult. If we wait, then he gets the jump on us when we're sleeping in our beds.


Can we refill the pool after each use? Is it magical enough to where we can refill the pool?


Do you have anything that can heal the little boy or bring him back somehow, Pike? Key? Anything?


That's too much math happening over here.


While he's doing it, I'm getting ready. I'm doing this. I'm going to cast Mirror Image of myself.


Okay, great. So that is a 29.


I don't make the best decisions.


Yeah, she said they lived by her pops' place.


I will open it up again.


Lands and money where?


Sacred Flame!


Oh! What, huh?


I didn't know that that die went that high.


Actually, towards the end of that conversation I would like to bring up a specific thing. We've been having such a wonderful conversation.


Oh god. Get to the middle and get in the air.


Hey everybody.


Vax is? Or Percy?


Exactly what she said.


I know exactly the direction of north, and I remember where we were, that is a nine.


What? Oh. Yeah.


I'm very drunk.


So I'm 100 feet up. Straight up over this thing. Right?


And it’s like corner-corner or front and back or…?


And we said that we had it somewhere safe, but weren't we playing coy with that?


Oh. So we sealed ourselves into this little pocket?


I'm gonna be Hawkeyeing Laura out at some point, I got a couple of them.


And we defeat Vecna and you're done, you're gone. That's it? Instant? Is it like we kill him and you're gone that second or is it like we kill him and you're here for another week or until the Raven Queen realizes that you're still here?


My name?


Is it made of lead?


That's true. What did he roll for stealth?


I guess we won't sleep at the fancy place tonight.


Seven again.


Are we still sextuplets in this scenario?


It's good to change her, as a character.


And remember, there were dangerous things in that house. We can make sure that it's safe now, protecting the, you know--


Yeah! Killer whale Trinket man.


(laughs) What did I do on that? That was weird. 14 on the second one as well.


Jester had a seven.


You think he'll be back?


I would--


We're setting up shop.


We could go back to Jester's mom and report. We could go to that tower and investigate it.


Marvel Puzzle Quest! Marvel Puzzle Quest.


All of them?


I like that your revenge hits are always really high. That's twice now that they've laughed at you and you've hit them while they're laughing at you.


So, half that or all of that?


No, y'all got it. I'm just up anyway.


Which is why we're going to keep the rope. We're going to go all the way up the stairs, and when we're ready, we're going to tug like a motherfucker.


Up, up!


We're not going to be there for long.


Barkeep, bring me your finest ale for my friend here and for the lady. I'll take a water.


We're big fans.


You are the night.


Action now would prevent the spread of his power.


I don't know who that is.


And then I will cast Bigby's Hand. Bigby's Hand! Because we're in a symphony hall. And I'm going to grab Vax and toss him out of the river.


All right, you know what? Let's move off this conversation.


I'm going to braid Caleb's hair.


I take a Grasping Vine from the edge and try and yank him back.


Wait. We're trying to sneak over them before we land. Don't cast Daylight on anything yet. We don't wanna be bright and shiny in the sky.


Aye. Don't you think dragons are just the biggest dick-fucks ever?


We will not go bacon-less into the night.


You're very welcome.


And it's not concentration, right, so you can also cast Death Ward?


Yeah, yeah. Oh wait.


de Rolos are back!


That is so creepy. Okay.


Philter of Love.


And Caleb is flat broke. Until right now!


I would be interested-- Gilmore? I really just need a quick favor, and I mean to pay you back quickly. I need a dagger for something. Not your best dagger. Not your shittiest dagger, either. I just need something nice. How much would a fine dagger cost? Something that would be good in a fight. And could I pay you back in a couple of days, once Tiberius returns from Kraghammer?


And the new owner has also left in a hurry.


Yes! I love taco!


I lean my head on your shoulder, and I say: Okay, so I have this little pouch. Out of my bag, again there's feathers and fleece and all this sand and stuff I'm pulling out. I pull out a little cube and say: This is my achoo dust.


Oh my god. Okay. My water sphere is still over there?


Yeah Laura's dying on the inside.


In your pants.


On second thought, who am I to judge? It's fine! You know, Frumpkin will be back tomorrow morning because I am going to stay up late and do what I have to do, but aren't we going to have a rager tonight at this place in the fancy part of town?


(gasps) That's terrible.


Wow. Okay. That's 28 points of damage.


We shall away.


What pockets do you have?


No! No, not at all.


Still the only light in here are my four globules, correct?


Very true. But you're cultivating dead people for good tea?


I pass out meat pies to anyone who wants one, but save one.


It's got the apricot tree!


Seagull.


Okay, because I moved. Bomb, then ran.


Shale jumps into acid.


Four to eight dragons, according to Grog, out there. And after our dealings with Rimefang, I cannot let this go. You know I cannot, Kash.


Ooh, let me see, let me see.


(muffled, from offscreen) I'm checking. Just wait.


Get it trimmed every two weeks.


Okay. 14 with the disadvantage.


We never talk anymore.


Harry Potter Land!


He's been pretty hard to kill.


I'm above it. Do I get advantage for that?


All right. I go run up to the guard I have dominated, and I just-- Is he still dominated, can I change the domination?


I would whisper that into Beauregard's ears, not being able to hear her, and tell her to hold the group up for a moment.


Second attack go. Oh, that's not the right die at all. Second attack goes. Same. Eee, 23?


I was holding my action for that crossbow bolt. For one at him.


I don't know what this thing does. I've just got this.


The curse.


Get her!


In the years that have gone by--


Probably a minute.


Okay, I say, something's gone awry. We may need you right away.


No, would I use my whole turn to try to talk to him as I disengage, can I try to stand up--


We have hats that are sold out that'll be back some time. Pins.


We could make another Kiki out of what you're wearing right now.


Where do you find those people? Just walking around?


It's basically just you flirting with my boyfriend.


I know it could be a very elaborate joke, but you know that sound when you deuce, and it goes  (ker-ploop)? (all laugh)


I didn't really say.


Keyleth goes over to Pike and puts her palm on her head and casts Greater Restoration.


Oh, that's saving throw. Wait. Wait, yeah! Oh, damn it. 17.


How much damage? Total.


She's a mother figure.


Yeah, okay. The first one is the Flametongue dagger. That is four plus six is ten. And the second one is the keen dagger, and that is two plus seven is nine.


Check your Twitter.


Scanlan, go knock on that door.


Sorry, Wile E.


I will look for you!


Or we could go further to--


His poor feet. He's like, "Fuck!"


He said take the easiest way in.


Does the exhaustion happen when the spell's broken?


I shot him, though.


But that's one of my last spells!


Full sprint ahead.


Sorry. That just occurred to me.


Get a surprise round.


We're going to drag this out as long as possible.


Not three.


She's a mass murderer and you let her pick your vegetables.


Is the boat beached on the shore yet?


We're going to kill them.


Okay, once again with the shade towards trying to climb the tower. LIAM; It is open shade, Beauregard, because it has nothing to do with what we are trying to do today. I am not hiding my shade, it is out, I am providing shade for you. We have something to do! Yeah, I am blotting out the sun, we have shit to do!


Perception? I got you, baby. Well, that was perception.


I don't understand what you're trying to imply here.


I was going to say, yeah. I'll take a round. I'm used to keeping an eye out on the road.


Is he casting a spell?


Nice plate armor, by the way. (clicks tongue) It looks expensive.


Doors out, anything like that? Any exits?


It's come true!


Wait, do we have any vague plan, wait, we plan at dawn?


Rock that shit. Goodnight Irene, let's go.


Yeah, so we're-- we decided we're going to do, like, fan-designed t-shirts. So, once every so often, we'll do a fan-designed t-shirt, and yes. And then-- but they'll all be limited, so yeah!


I just got fucked up.


Do you remember our conversations with Wilhand when we were in Westruun?


This is just for us to remember what we're doing. I don't know. Should we stop? I think we're on a timetable. We should keep moving, right? Does anyone need to heal?


What's the spell name?


Pace yourself, son, there's a lot that's here.


Can I see if I can find a kid's book?


Yes. I'm so stressed.


Arm snakes? His arm snakes?!


Sure. Not much. Okay, the things I wrote down were: I would like to use my money.


You should go check out Good Fortnight Kevin on Alpha because it's a morning show and it's funny. It's dumb and it's super meta.


Do I have to attune to them?


Did he cause that explosion?


But if like an hour passes and we don't, maybe come in? But we're all coming out of here alive, so don't worry about it. It's fine.


Was I supposed to roll stealth at all on that?


Just an 11.


Kaiju battle. (all laugh)


There is. I made sure there was a nice--


You know in Matrix 2, that overhead shot of all the agents filling into the center? That's what I imagine: waves and waves of agents.


Insight check! 11.


(whispered) What's around us right now? (regular volume) Sorry, what's around us right now?


Caleb, when you were muttering there, did you say Dolan Tversky?


I think right before we go under the water we should.


Where does the magma runoff lead to? Does it just pour out? Does it fill a moat?


Oh man, that sounds scary.


Jesus. (laughing)


Trinket blocks it.


DM, did I tear that? I can't remember.


That's a little out of my realm of experience. I'm sorry.


Happy Birthday.


How far does that extend?


Before he does that, I go (laughing), I look over at Keyleth, and I use bonus action to cast Misty Step and I go right next to her and I vanish.


It is delicious.


Stealth, please. I'm not walking in the open.


I'll pay for postage.


Closing shifts are the worst.


She almost killed me.


I put it back and get frustrated.


DC 16.


I use my first action to try and resist the grapple and escape.


Why can't we hear you?


I don't even know.


That's good. Okay. Then I'm going to use my spiritual weapon to come up behind the other gator and smack him on the back!


We're going to build a vault.


First of all, Clarota was lying through his noodles, and second, even if he wasn't, which he was, he's now fucking pissed off--


Is there any damage-- whoever's there! Is there any damage control we want to consider in Nicodranas before we fuck off forever?


Okay. I put my hands in his hands and cast Cure Wounds.


Well, when we want to find the ship, I think I might be able to help.


Does this guy appear to be messed up by the Daylight at all?


I take out three of my shards of residuum, and I place them in where the crystals are as an extra offering.


None of it's a surprise. He knows we're here.


Not that one. I don't feel good about it. Oh not bad! 21.


Yeah. It's roughly 60 points, and I've got 67 left as this earth elemental.


That one right there.


Do we have to say a magical word?


I got my flask for tonight.


You might have to do, like, a flippy-poo off it.


I have been injured. Take the orb, go down to where we were, down that way. I will go get help for myself. Odell needs you to help him contain the power.


Perception. That is a 31? No, 41.


Saviors of the universe, we are.


We might be able to fix it.


Very quickly, Grog, give me another longsword for zombie Vander.


The only thing that I believe is known is taking care of the people on that wall, anyone outside. I will send Frumpkin around to see if there are more than just these two, then we will have decisions to make. We will need to send in Frumpkin again or our new friend here. One of us, one of them and make a plan from there. That is all we know now. We need to do something and I feel a little on edge with our numbers, but I am maybe more on edge by the ticking clock.


That's what I thought.


Did I stutter?


Guys. We're on an elevator.


Damn it. [opening credits]


Keyleth for the win. The most wisdom she's ever had. (laughter)


Then you singed the other sails, too.


Undead ghoulie guys?


Channing Tatum is Geralt of Rivia.


In the mouth of the cave.


This egg is very, very special.


There's no magic here, friend.


The bark's a little dry. Maybe it needs a little moisture. There you go.


I have resistance against poison damage.


My dead body.


That is the most condescending "hmm" I think I've ever experienced!


When life gives you pepper, make pepper arrows.


The Theobold festival, it's very popular.


It would be an honor. You know how important this is to me.


He automatically fails until 24 hours has elapsed.


Is there some embarrassing thing hidden, tucked away, that you don't like to talk about? Like, are you afraid of pickles or you don't want to be--


Did you dunk your head in a tub of ice and stuff?


Thank you. You have sausage to go with that?


I could use some solid land. That'd be nice.


I take a few pieces of paper, and I kind of glue them together- (all laugh)


Oh no! See, Caleb, look, you should've been in the middle of us!


14 points.


I don't know if you want to try the doors, but I just thought we could get in.


Really? Out of the fucking blue.


Nobody's just old.


Being held. What's the deal with that?


20, total?


Yes. Well, I suppose if we surrounded ourselves with weirdos, then maybe it would take some of heat off of me.


(yelling) Lose! Lose!


We saw that Lorenzo was in the leading cart, right?


Oh, come on.


I could throw a javelin. One of those fun little javelins.


Oh. So on the ground?


All right, so am I still up on the elevated part of the stone?


Yeah. So we have no control over that, so--


It could still work.


Shit. I'll just see one of them, then.


I've got a wonderful little Elven signature on the bottom, which I will tell you what it says in just a little special signature, and I put it aside. I write down quick little notes for some stuff that's to be taken care of while we're away, and I go find the bloody bar that they have crashed.


One-handed.


He will be happy to attack it.


I don't mind being on an end. How about that?


Ooh, that's true.


So we're gonna update everyone real quick.


Yes! With big lips, and a couple jewels on her fingers.


Do you have any milk?


Yeah. So it would be six on a two.


You rolled a 20?


All right. Show us what you want to show us, Yennen.


-- Perry Paddington.


Sorry! Didn't mean to join anything and didn't know what's going on here. Looks pretty crazy.


Is that sneak attack because my brother is next to it?


Look at all the gold!


Oh. So demons are my favored enemy, so I have advantage against recalling information about them. Can I recall anything about something that looks like this?


All right. I guess we're staying in town.


You guys have to teach me better accents. I love all of your accents.


To be fair, they don't really talk back, but sometimes they can acknowledge these things. Besides, it's polite.


Same, it's okay. I feel starving.


Let's see if we can land on that burst pimple, then.


I think basically we need to go down, 'cause if we go up that means we're going out.


I want to, really bad, but I have an open bar tab.


I don't have any more.


They know where we are. They can ambush us.


Oh, I'm doing save. I'm so sorry. Fuck, I was doing the wrong--


I don't think this is nearly as time sensitive.


That is Arschloch, so no.


(singing) That's what Scanlan's for. (cheering)


Liam, you get ten hit points, and you get 12.


You can just become anything?


I know. I'm sorry about that.


Hey, you all right?


Ah. But you've been there.


First attack with disadvantage hits. That's a natural 14. I'm going to use my staff on this one. I hope he is fine with non-magical attacks. Eight damage.


True. Very true.


He left.


That's a lot of giants to take on.


Halved to two.


I don't know. Right now, we're saving Jester.


And Jamedi.


What about Garmelie. Would he know?


That's $300?


It's the magic.


It hit you anyway, you might as well do it, because you'll get reckless back.


Everyone’s going to be pretty fancy-dressed.


Thank you, New Vax.


Oh. These glorious boxes?


I can do that. I'm good at that.


I'm going to argue that that should be doubled because there's two balls. (laughter)


You get two hit points. Temporary hit points.


Because it was really cool, right?


Hmm. (sighs)


How's everybody doing?


No, he was a fucking cock.


That's right. There's an old man swimming in the ocean.


Did you do your chores, Gail?


That game looks boring.


They fade into existence!


Doesn't she have a ring or something that you said in the song?


Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt and then you're two people on a ship and you're involved in things and-- I mean, it's a good emergency plan, but can you only go once? You can't go twice?


So Vouk is alive?


You know what? I'll get it. Don't even look. I got this one. Here you go, four from me.


But they're undead. Lovely. Well, first watch. Who's taking it?


I mean, is, is anyone else super duper tired? Are you guys tired?


It's just burlap over a pit in the ground?


I run downstairs to the training area with my staff.


Some tripe. Maybe some knuckles.


Can I cast, 'cause I've been wanting to use Thaumaturgy. Which can make your voice three times as louder.


It's a half hour ago, at this point.


Oh, Pike! Everyone stand back, my lady's going to do something.


30 sets.


Sorry, I'm just so intense.


You seem very dexterous too.


Ai.


All of it, all of it goes to the charity.


No...


(yelling) Yes!


I was afraid as much. Could I make my way down to where they are being held? I would like to be present, if it would be prudent.


I mean ten points of damage.


I don't think you're chaotic.


So guys, just to be clear, all of your donations tonight will go towards GameChanger, but if you want a copy of the game, just go and donate a dollar on the link that we have access to in the chatroom. And just so you guys know, there will not be time for them to read messages tonight after the show. Lucas and I both have to catch a flight, so sorry. We'll get to them next time.


You can hold a dash for Keyleth’s turn.


A hell boat?! Is that really the only other language you speak is Infernal?


It's pretty short and you can do it during the break, maybe?


I'm still a fire hydrant. Keyleth is on fire marshal duty. I do some misting, like at Six Flags to cool off Vex.


It is 11 38, by the way.


Make it look-- wrap some rope to make it look like it's loosely tied.


(warily) Okay.


On a different night, maybe tomorrow night, because you just told me you were about to go out with Molly.


You look so pretty!


Wait, that's a thing?


So what I would do is also, once we're in position on the roof, is I would tell Frumpkin to back off away from that dog, out of vision, and wait a few minutes, because he's within a hundred feet of me. If so, we're good. Tell him to find Molly, and sit with Molly. He'll always listen to me, but I'm also sending him the command to listen to Molly, if need be.


Yeah. I'm learning things, every day.


Vax is right next to me, also? Can I move, probably take a hit from him, and drag her with me?


Oh, it's my friends! This is why I wanted to come home!


Speaking of your pluses  the Expositors? You're special forces, did I hear that correctly? Is that what you are called?


He's quiet.


Yes. I can help.


Oh, I thought that's what I just did?


From here back.


(whispering) You need 50 still to send in your package.


No. I'm a dirty hobo and I reek like yesterday's garbage.


Fucking yes.


Well, just very close to Hespit, actually, not far so-- very far southwest--


Bulk.


Do I get really high? Is this the whole point of the Grey Hunt?


Oh, ja, that makes sense. Okay. Well, I will look for it elsewhere, thank you.


Is it Rexxentrum?


And, uh, 24.


And start thinking of a way across it and making sure that it's not magical or strange.


She seemed real into you, but not in an into you like "I want to tap that" kind of into you, but in an "I've watched you walk on water" type of into you.


I think it's you?


Sprigg's.


I kind of like him.


17 plus ten is 27 for the first one. Oh, nope. I'm sorry! That was a one, so I'm going to re-roll it. Five, 21, 31 for the first one. Second one. Three, 29, and my fucking necrotic dice. Two, four more.


I wasn't going to say I could do anything. I think that's a shitty idea right now.


And these ones, these ones are in stock, so they're not pre-order.


Wait, wait, wait. Is this your office?


Oh, that it does.


18 plus three. 21 whole points.


I'm a fox.


Are you interested in him?


I heard them, I heard them describe it. Would I know it from the description? Just from my local knowledge?


Jester said she was holding me.


Oh, W.C.


We talk towards glory.


But then advantage because it's reckless?


Okay. Shit. Are there any other windows along the back side of the house?


Vindication!


Percy's smoke monster.


Oh, then we should leave the beach and go to where she is singing.


What's that thing you guys do, Mother's Love? What's that situation?


Changing into something's not a bonus, it's a free action to change into my beast shape. Circle of the Moon, bitch!


It would've been a plus three modifier, sorry.


I like your style. Can I insight and make sure this isn't some sort of enchanted piece of fucking--


There's another one, it's just gone missing.


Do it right now. Put your finger down your throat and puke on these guards.


Yeah, I'm with her.


Can we ride him to the tower?


Are we-- yeah, are we wasting spells just to get there?


I have another DM question.


But if you'd like to enlighten me on that object--


What cancers are you looking to remove? I would tell you that tomorrow night, the devil lies in the details, and that will depend.


No, that's for money.


Then we should probably wait until they're deeper in, and we can attack them, right?


Disadvantage, or regular?


I invisibly follow right behind the box, still keeping my illusions in check.


The Hunter's Mark that I cast on that merchant. Did he stay in town, or is he out and about? Can I sense that?


I want plushies for all of us.


It's got to be dead by now, right?


I'm good. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I got a piece of chip stuck.


Yes. How are the citizens? Did you get everyone in there?


Who forged here before? What god?


A little, doing a little rough here. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself. At third level.


That's where, that's where the hole was! But it's not a hole anymore!


(singing) At Gen Con, I'm not even going to pretend-con. My outfit definitely offends-con. You can all see my rear end-con. At Gen Con. Thank you! [cheering]


It was a good one.


FYI.


Yes! I want my pencil set!


Vex, could you go fetch a pail of water?


Oh, yes, of course.


Let's see. Up to six creatures of your choice that you can see within range.


With haste, I have a third attack.


