That's right, Backblaze-- Is the camera on me? The camera is on me! Backblaze, guys, you know them. Backblaze backs up all of your data, movies, music, video, cosplay designs, character sheets, fanart, more for just five dollars a month--


Come on. Big money, no whammies!


Pull the rope up, that way we'll have plenty of time if we hear them coming back up.


Oh, okay, cool.


Maybe they've reformed.


Sand pit? I have a bedroom for you.


Are you gonna play?


I think I can take these guys.


This is bad, this is bad, this is bad, guys. This is super bad. 14, 15, 16, oh, that doesn't count, 16, plus two lightning damage.


No truesight? No seeing through this?


We love our guests. We love them.


It's a Green Day cover band.


Are we going to go on foot from here?


And I'm covered in it.


Okay, 4d8 of lightning damage.


15 plus eight, so that's 23. 23.


Oh, then I'm going to do the Eyes of the Grave one more time the minute I see it. There's something else down here too.


Queen Ulara. Show yourself! Step out and talk to us. Everyone hold.


I want him to do that. That's what I wanted him to do.


So, when I stayed away, I went to a shrine of Sarenrae, just to sorta see, 'cause I had a feeling that I'd been here, or something like that. So in this vision, I basically saw what we've been going through already.


Mended over this way.


Towards the wall, yeah. I should be able to get behind that tree, I think, if I dash?


Oh, so we got to bloody him up and then--


Hey, you're here now! (snaps fingers) I'm sorry.


Do not. Pick it. Alone.


I'll hold it since you're doing the thing.


Screw it, I'm going to come too. I'm sorry!


Then we would have failed.


So can we hold this for now?


Humanoids?


I would like to stealth through the door.


Supplies.


It's really pretty. And it makes it hard to eat.


And it seems like it was here recently, or a while ago?


No! But I'm a different guy!


Didn't want to go with Professor Thaddeus?


We were going at a pretty good pace there.


No, that's fine. so the first one misses entirely.


If they say something you don't like, you say, "Go fuck yourself."


And Vax, of course. Obviously, my brother, who is standing right here very stealthily.


Look, a lot's happened in a couple weeks, okay? I've moved, I've had a change of scenery--


We could just keep going.


What's your DC, girl?


Oh, you got goldfished.


I said the twins are officially salt and pepper shakers.


What's the the top of the rod again? The top of that little spiral.


I'm going to go double my speed. My fly speed is 80 feet right now. I'm going to head towards and pick up Scanlan.


LePain.


This girl right here.


Nice, okay. That's good. So 17 plus five, you said? So that's 23.


Yes, I did. First one is 19, second one is 13.


I shoot the arrow.


Just, you know where to find us. I gave you that bracelet.


I back up. Is Keyleth on the desk?


All right, I’m up. Well, that didn’t work. So I guess I’ll drop that. And instead - Jesus, what else can he resist? Fucking shit. How far is he from me?


I will make a mental note.


No, fuck the casters.


Which I do, because I want to punish them.


Vax and I are guarding the tavern, so if anything comes--


That was Liam.


All right, two attacks. Let's see what happens. First one: natural 20! (yelling)


We've got you, darling.


Flame Tongue is out, what am I looking at?


So I can't leave. So I'm at the bottom of the stairs. If I run up the stairs and broom it from here, how far would I get?


I need Percy to make me a replacement first.


Do you think it matters? No.


It was pretty small.


Is it beneath the ground? Is it invisible?


How old are you now, Scanlan, if you keep it?


I take that note and I stick it into the lapel of the folds of his clothes, and I brush the hair out of his face, and then I start to push soil back over the body.


Free range undead.


I didn't even sort my dice yet!


Are we going to do a Critical Role themed wedding?


Fucking dice. No love on that one. Terrible. Eight.


No, we like it. Don't change.


He wasn't good enough, he was mean.


That was great. Now I have it. Cool.


Human bones.


I will say, if we choose to feast, I will not be able to Sunbeam.


You don't know. Give it to Vex.


Perceived it?


Okay, I'm pulling out the Pepperbox and I'm taking an ice shot at the little one attacking Pike. And I'm going to take a sharpshooter-- that's the wrong dice to roll. I'm going to take a sharpshooter bonus for it, so that's a miss. That's a nine. Actually, no. Shit. God damn it, that's a misfire. I'm going to spend an action to fix that.


Pike, thank you for being my wingman back there.


I can-- I'm going to, I'm going to throw an action surge and see if I can fix this.


It will take - if I don't see anything in 3 minutes -


Yeah, I definitely want to fight back because this is fun.


We need to get a boat, but we can't just go there because we'll be arrested.


Versus AC of 23. It gives me a temporary AC of 23.


Reload, second shot. 15?


I would like to set the Deathwalker's Ward to Matthew's costume.


I know, we haven't been back.


Vax.


I’m going to do it at 4.


(sing-song) Rock Caller Dryden


Okay. Get out of here. If you can, try to make your way to Vasselheim. There's three more dragons, and it'll be a while before I kill them all.


Okay, okay, okay. So everybody take one?


Half-ish.


I don't think that is what that is.


That's okay. All right, so. Okay. Natural 20!


No, he's stuck.


The cards are going to be like giant novelty cards.


Oh! Okay. Great.


I don't know! I think maybe I'm a magic user now! And I start trying to cast reanimate person on the dead thing.


Is Conan coming? Is Conan O'Brien--


Six whole points!


I got a pair of fours.


All of these. All of you guys are goodbyes. And you're a goodbye, too. You can stay.


It's not great. Thanks, Travis. Thanks. Six.


Who's near me? Can I inspire Pike?


I'll talk it over with other magic-users, first.


I was so excited 'cause I saw it written down, but no, I didn't write.


Who me?


That is true. That is an old Druidish proverb.


I'm going to aid to her bird lady aesthetic.


19 to little prone soldier.


Four piercing damage? Can I also uncanny dodge that, or no?


Mama, stuff happened at the docks and we had to leave very quickly. Please take care of Nugget for a while. We'll be back, I promise. You may have heard about the little girl who was killing herself on the dock--


From you, yes, I have. It's a good tale.


She's gone.


Dicks. Why can't they pick like, you know-- I don't know, goblins or like really angry dogs?


She's the what?


We did, I did not come to Trostenwald to go to jail.


That was so weird, he disappeared for a moment and then came right back!


Yeah, maybe he won.


All those teenagers in hoodies are going like--


Are you doing a throwback right now?


There's fire, there's bears.


Yeah! (whistles)


He sees everything.


I'm going to rush at him, spit on my knuckles, swing back, and at the last second, take my right foot and drive it right through his kneecap.


Vex, you might be the most capable of this.


Well, we don't have to, we know where she is. She's in the prison.


So nice to meet all of you. You are large. You are not. You are so pretty.


There is no. We are going on. We are going right through their territory.


11 damage.


She can cast Locate Creature.


I'll snuggle and fall asleep in the room at some point.


All barbarians understand it. It's the law.


Yeah, this town sucks.


I do. I saw their home? He lived--


I'll take up the back.


Why do you think I make stupid decisions all the time?


I can't use it.


You'll win them over.


I would like to argue, he just disguised himself for a solid year.


We'll be there.


The stuff in the closet is probably--


Oh god, okay, fine! I'll do Aid, I guess. Why not?


Great, all right. Well, she's got a little bit of edge.


I'm sorry, Matt. Will you add two points of damage the last one that I just hit--


No, no, no, look! I'm not holding on, Percy! Look at me, not holding on!


We're gonna go in, we're gonna hit the roof, you turn me invisible, he turns him invisible, you guys light up the night, and we just do it, we just gotta go.


Is it? I don't-- it feels-- okay. Preposterous.


I don't believe you've ever heard a crazy story about anything happening anywhere.


This went so FernGully so quickly.


Also, didn't someone tell us that if they get trashed they are treated like shit there?


Wait, does the ball make you powerful? Is there something going on?


I have actually seen a vision of my death. From not having the will to do what is necessary, for fear of harming others, instead of protecting myself.


It just feels really uncomfortable.


Didn't Drez Vina send us to a fetal thing?


I instantly case Cure Wounds on myself again.


And poop! Dried poop! Yeah, I'll write that.


(nervous laughter) I hadn't thought this much yet because I didn't know I was going to be first. I'm going to-- Homina, homina. I'm going to Hunter's Mark.


Do I have an action left?


14 plus four lightning damage. And that is plus eight.


No, that was higher than 24.


Sure, no problem.


So we've got a couple weeks! We have a day or two to spend on some prison breaking.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on!


That's true, I do wander off easily.


I mean, I'm sorry, but we're basically a group of strangers. Most of us don't know each other. We all have the same story. There was a show, an old man became a thing, and we helped destroy it. This one destroyed it. What more do you want from us?


I'm so glad you're here.


We don't know if these people are straight up gangster, or if there's something supernatural, seriously supernatural, about them. That hat would probably work on 80% of people, but I don't know. We don't know anything about them.


I'm already here!


Needless to say, our stores are terribly depleted. We are going to need to stock up a bit before we head out of town again. I don't want to rush things, though. I think my friends probably want to shop about. My sister can probably handle things for me. I would love to take a stroll with you around the city. Get a bit of lunch, a bite, and hear about what's been happening. Hear the rumors of town. We all know nobody matches your shrewdness in business. That's no surprise.


I can do Alter Self at will, I'm just not the best person to talk to people.


Get the runner!


If you guys want to run, the keys are in the car. The engine's warmed up, ready to go. I've got the key turned on. It's nice and cozy. That's such a good roll, though. That's a good initiative roll.


We've got to get you deceiving more.


I mean, the closest place to us right now is our desination, most likely, right? We're not gonna be able to dump this guy before we arrive, do you think?


Would you say that he bends forward, then, because he's grabbing his throat like that?


It connected to the pillars and then that's when everything started flooding. Then it was just running for our lives at that point. I don't know. I didn't see much else.


Bonus backstory.


I don't feel anything. I do feel pretty tired, though.


It's hard to stealth when you're on fire.


Do you know how much it’s worth?


Very, very slowly.


Two bears wrestling with each other.


Everybody fan out in a firing line, just one straight line--


I also kiss her hand. Do the finger tip thing back.


You killed it!


Are we all back in the mansion?


How about where we first met, at that same intersection, or is that too busy?


Or both.


I agree.


I almost took that. Took Sentinel instead.


Do I have to call that I'm going to use advantage on it before or I can roll and then choose?


Okay, okay, okay. Ten.


It's a living thing.


Yeah, but he's in the office.


Yeah, no, my-- He's a dwarf, right?


Have we stopped the cart?


You get an attack of opportunity.


I rolled a 30. I'm so quiet!


I know he feels guilty. He asked you to accompany him off the boat, he offered to make a plate of food for you, he's being nice to me.


I make eye contact with it and, fuck it, just for fun I'm going to burn my blood maledict. There's going to be a blood vessel that pops on my neck and I'm going to make him cry.


That would take a long time, though.


I reach into my belt and I pull out his upper lip, and I give it a smell and I say, I've enjoyed it very much. I've come to collect the rest. And I fling it into the pit.


Good moment.


(brightly) Six!


What? I said you want to play again, don't you?


All right, then I'm going to pick him up.


We're gonna bring a bottle of Kraken.


(imitating guitar)


It was on a page and a marker.


Do you want to try to sneak through?


Thank you. (grunts) I will put this in something reasonable. I'll be back in just a little bit with-- actually, do you have a glove that you used to wear, or anything like that? Do you have something?


Oh, that's right. Sorry. Yeah. My bonus action is a straight-up reckless. 17. That's a million. 35 is to hit. Eight, 24, 32, 42. Enlarge. 44.


This symbol will not protect you.


I'm fucking bailing.


I can climb on him and you cast Fly and you only have to use one little spell.


You're adorable.


11-- and what is that? I think it's a nine. 20.


Do I punch a ghost?


Some asshole got buried in the dirt. Fuck him. I am enjoying what I'm doing; I want nothing to do with that. Anything that came before, I was happy to just leave it be.


I'm getting him.


Yeah. On checks.


That's-- don't go anywhere. That's nine damage.


And I rage.


Well, well, stealthing down that hallway. Can we check for traps, check for traps, I look, I'm perceiving.


I could go talk to her, and meanwhile she could be fiddling with her magic behind me.


I give Nott a little shove over towards the shelves and walk up to him, right up to the counter. What are you eating there? That looks good.


He's passed them.


Has he seen a cave with a sphinx in it?


Oh my gosh, Gilmore!


Why? I'm just trying to understand, friend. Help me help you.


One point of damage. I lied.


I wonder where Scanlan is.


Okay. So let's do that. Oh my word, I'm shaking so bad. Okay, here we go.


Yeah, make some grill marks on that thing.


Do you have a way of magically marking this as well so we can have a bit of a compass?


Ja, we have a cart. We're good. Is there anything in the cart that is more interesting?


I mean, let's be honest, he wouldn't even feel the difference.


200 seconds.


Fucking twins.


Are you sure, though?


Can I cast Gust of Wind really quick and push it back down the hallway?


And there's something there, for him.


I'm going to take my first shot at the will-o'-wisp as I'm dancing around it.


It's not wet.


Don't tell me what to do. I can take it, all right? (laughter)


Then as soon as his eyes start to flutter open, right?


You use a pillow, or are you just on the floor?


I'm Helga the angry tavern wench, and I only love one man: Scanlan.


I can still attack when it comes, right?


What's that about? How come he gets to keep his?


I know. Who's down? You're down?


Oh, Shale's over there.


Can I walk out the front door and keep post on the porch?


Like we had? Like Vox Machina had?


And now I go.


Oh and actually, you know what. Before we go to sleep, or actually first thing in the morning before I learn my new spells--


Thanks, Caleb.


It's okay, ignore her. Let's go in.


Yes, please, read it.


Empire kids wouldn't know? The whole studied thing?


Leave that one alone.


We killed her! She's dead!


I'm off sitting in the shadows, but I say, Percival, we need to cut off the head.


We might have to.


(quietly) Tight.


Yes! I'm turning into a sauna! I'm going to hit that and go (boom).


I want to go down.


Yeah, stupid. (laughter)


Ten!


You get all sorts of bonuses to that crit.


I thought the same thing!


Have you heard the Legend of Taryon Darrington?


Somebody's got something of Acid Resistance, though. Somebody has an item.


But yeah, I'm happy to help, and work, and do what you need me to do. I just really need to get this item. I need to make sure it--


Okay. And do I have advantage because of the grapple?


Well, it could have been cool. Okay. Trinket is going to use his bonus action to try to attack him, even though he's not magical and he's a little piece of shit.


She's the worst negotiator ever!


I don't think Caleb likes me.


Just get me there, baby.


Where does Percy do his tinkering?


No, but I feel that-- in all the books I've read, they never tell of the adventurers who go to bed with older men.


Opal die, don't fuck me!


We're just going to share?


Did I see him break off?


How long have you been here?


Yeah, I'll be with Vex.


(shouting) Does it have a name?


Natural fucking 20. (cheering)


Lady Vex'ahlia, Baroness of the Third House of Whitestone and Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt. (cheering)


There's no air, it's like a vacuum. A magical vacuum.


All right, so, hold on a minute.


I'll check it out.


Keg comes out from the forest.


It's what I'm hoping for.


30 for stealth.


Sorry, brother.


You're blessed. If it happens, hashtag blessed, a d4 rolled for every attack or saving throw.


With my knowledge of the arcane arts, do I have any knowledge that using my Dispel Magic spell would work on Grog? Or do I just have to try it?


I'm a really good reader of people.


Can I fight with the strength of the (sings) titanstone knuckles to break that grapple?


So are we in the top level now?


You should do it, Grog.


It's a "shop's closed," I suppose.


You're too late.


He's already at a negative because of Bigby.


And come back?


Were you being pursued by anyone?


It was the three ladies, right?


I could also use another spell and summon a couple more eagles.


I love you guys! I don't mean the Mighty Nein, you're assholes, but I love you guys!


She's got 19 strength now!


If each of the sextuplets-- I'm never going to get tired of saying that-- were unique in their own way, and yours was that you had a trace of celestial which is why you have wings?


I'm going to to turn her into a red dragon.


I haven't picked it up. I'm trying to pick it up, damn it! It's the most difficult habit to pick up! Listen, can I confide in you, man to man, one on one, here?


I'm going to jump on top of the fence.


How are you with doors?


That's foul.


No. (sighs) Yeah, all right, let's do this.


I was going to bring it out!


He's at the tavern, right? I mean.


Ja, that is true, I am a magic fan.


It would be really cool!


What? What is that?


Boxy! (hums the intro to "Foxy Lady")


That's a good point. What do we want?


So he has to stay within range.


It's not invisible guys, it's gone.


You're making me chew my nails.


Oi! Forget it, guys, why are we trying-- Why are we trying to convince this asshole to fight with us? Let's just let him leave, he's a coward.


That is paper.


He gave me all the best tutors.


Make big, big hit, say 'Alter Self'--


What is-- what?


For god's sakes. Yes, a lot could've happened. They have these little vignettes on occasion that they use to sort of-- it's like a nice little trap. They just like to grab people and use them for various things, no one really knows because no one ever comes back.


We'd have to chop off your head.


Did anyone tell Pike that Scanlan killed the naga for her?


I don't know, you are my friend.


What was your friend's name?


They would probably be, at least for the moment, intimidated a bit, and we could get a few licks in before they realized we're just a pile of idiots running at them. (laughter)


Tell us what you see. Unless she's naked, in which case, stop looking.


I got what I needed.


Was that "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?"


But everybody hates when I do that.


I'm going to do it at 3rd level, so that's four, 6d6.


I'm tempted. This is amazing.


Low, don't let them set the lights on fire.


(horse huffing)


I'm so glad you're here, Pike!


Shades.


I reload. I flip around the other side of the tree.


Before we leave, or as we're leaving the store, I want to say: Molly, stay inside for a little bit, okay? And keep talking to the guy, okay? For just a minute.


(gasps) We probably should. We should probably get Kiri involved.


Shit, bite is at 24.


And smeared its gore all over us.


Yeah. I could, you know, kick the shit out of Nott in the face, and then be like (yelling).


(sings) It's rainin' men...


Are you the same Sprigg as before?


Gilmore-- any of you, Allura-- have you experienced any kind of draw toward the orb? Do you feel different, having been around it for very long?


We'll poke our heads back in and go-- We'll wave them out.


Do we get to pick the teams?


Aren't you supposed to fall gracefully as a monk, then?


Once he enters the field he also, I believe--


What is it with Nott and the water, do you have any idea?


Well, I feel like they wouldn't be as on-guard with you.


I'll come on.


So right here, it slows. They're like, "What the fuck's going on?"


Or a shark.


He said, of Exandria.


I'm working on mine. Mine is a little long-goal, perhaps.


I haven't checked in a while. Actually, this is my first time doing this.


Ghost stories? Yeah.


Can you crush the tiny granules on the ground in between your fingers, if you try really hard?


You got to see the first time this happened.


Go ahead. You might roll higher than I did.


With Animus.


I'll do 50 gold, plus I'll up my spice to make do.


Jump off those head things!


Lots of eye contact happening. Just between me and you.


I've got to be beasts.


You've done this before.


Do drows have magic sight or anything?


That's what I do.


What table did the bartender look at when he said that?


Roll for montage!


SamIsOurHero.


Yeah, this is 25.


You read!


You really should have gone into acting. It really was your calling. Yeah.


Did you want to spend more time with your mother? Did you--


Stubby! And I pull her into a big fat hug. Your hair looks like shit, sit down. I start braiding it.


You just gave me 20 gold.


Somebody's coming.


We're all hurt a little bit.


Walk quietly, dear.


Flawless plan, executed flawlessly.


What're you gonna do? All of our shit's gone.


That's good. 16.


This was thanks to Gil. Shit! What does that mean?


I'm going to take Sprinkle out of my hood--


While she's doing that I'm going to try and sneak out the underside of the tent to go to the big tent.


It just depends where in the south, actually.


You take a poo on the black puddle of acid?


Yeah, there you go.


We didn't give it to them.


I'll stay up with you.


That's the name  Tiffany's Ship.


I'm like, I don't know.


That was good. I think we need a take-two. You've got to get your hand up here.


Why don't you stop being a dick?! I crawl up and cast Mending on the sail. By the way, you're healed 14 points.


No. No, I don't.


Do you see a mouth on it or anything?


Well, have Tary Identify them. Maybe it's something specific.


For paladins, "Until the end of your next turn, you know the location of any undead within 60 feet," so that implies number.


But he's great at riverdance. (laughter)


Jump up and fucking see how it's attached to the wall!


I stay where I am and I'm casting Mage Hand.


It's the Identify spell.


If you want to go and find him, us, and say hi, that's a different story.


I think she doesn't care about her crew, remember? She's already this far inland--


Lack of oxygen.


He hit the giant platform that he was raising.


God damn it. Okay, that'll do. 19.


Okay, that's way better. 17.


Don't read the whole thing.


I'm going to turn in. I have a little bit more homework to do before the end of the night. Good night. Thank you. Good night.


That was a lot of money!


Oh. Well, dope! Would I know stuff like that too, then?


To wait until this is over.


We all go through the tree, yeah?


Molly? Molly!


Right, so we know what's going on.


But Pike can! So holding little Pike like a voodoo doll, like a flashlight.


That would make me hit really hard and probably open wounds that don't close ever, and maybe poison people, and also turn them into candy.


You said what?


Would you rather die?


Atta girl.


Are we going to check in with the Clasp? I really like Percy's idea about stealing a plane. I'm just throwing that out there.


All right. I will push with all my little might against the creepy-- Ooh! Just a strength check?


Bonus action first. See if I can--


No, I didn't agree to shit. You took me in because I'm assuming my father paid you a pretty nice sum of coin to make sure that you took me in. I'm assuming that coin is no longer coming to the Reserve, so, why do you care?


I guess I'll do the boatswain stuff? I feel like I'll be really bad at it.


To the Clasp?


Never!


I'm stuck at the top. Until we can run, we're stuck, because there's only one flying carpet.


Oh, that makes sense.


The Lavish Chateau!


But you don't go down and then immediately stand up and get out again, do you?


You don't even know how fucked up I am, probably.


You got two husks and you're smacking them together.


I didn't have it!


Let hers be the last blood shed.


That is a thing.


Guys, you could watch us open stuff all night.


I guess I'll cast Cure Wounds on myself as we're running.


He rolled, he rolled something.


I look around for Wilhand.


I can't sense anything or any creatures nearby?


I'm confused.


It is Oregon Trail.


Can I sneak attack while prone?


Wait! Ask her if she's seen Nostoc. Or if they've seen--


I don't believe you're really sick, darling.


Because you're little, and I'm tall.


Good acting.


Chin up, Barry. (laughs)


Something really pretty though.


Clarota, save us!


Kiri, have you happened to see a safe house, or a building or a structure around while you were fleeing?


I've had a terrible thought, and it is sort of my business to have terrible thoughts. What else has been banished to the Fire Plane?


Oh jeez, I was just about to agree on it but--


But you're not letting me cast it, right?


Hey, Orly, I'm training to be a carpenter, did you know?


Vex, be quiet.


I'm useless and Percy's useless underwater.


Fire, lightning, elemental things.


No tails.


Yeah. What do I do? 8d6?


Damn hook whores!


Is there a-- I mean, iron tower?


Awesome. Let's do it from there.


It's all bullshit.


Oh. No, let me move towards Scanlan.


Thank you. I would like to think we're all better than we think we are. Except maybe your brother. I think he's just a mess.


I'll tell you one of my best lies, the one I was most proud of.


Witch Bolt? Yeah, what do I do? It's plus 11. 5d12 plus two.


Bear trap.


I don't know, like a fake stone wall that they could walk through? I don't know!


What? What's ahead?


It felt like a lot of adrenaline. And it was super exciting and then next thing I knew, everyone was super concerned about my well-being.


I don't remember that.


We should get a mapmaking sock for him.


Should I kill something?


It's okay.


More gibberish.


We're turning back and going the other way?


You know that comes from Sarenrae, so focus on that with me. And we'll go to Pike. Focus on Sarenrae and that marshmallow feeling.


Scanlan's idea also.


The harmony on that was--


I've been scanning the crowd. Have I noticed anything over the past hour of any of our people? Any locals, any council members, who may be acting a little shifty?


You did what? Really?


I don't think we should venture up there right now.


I knew you were special when I ran into you all, my goodness.


Worth it. It was worth it. It didn't cost us anything.


A few years ago, I had a dream. I had a very intense dream, and in this dream, something asked me if I wanted revenge. If I wanted the means to have revenge. And all I would have to do in return is offer up the souls of those I took.


That's what I said like five minutes ago.


Basically we'll know Vecna's a god if another skyscraper forms in Elysium somewhere.


Just the safety codes, really.


Try again. So 20?


You should've fought that guy before the dragons.


(high-pitched) New York is where I'd rather stay! (laughter)


Shut up! Oh.


This is a first.


Is this Marisha, or is this Beau?


Wait, he's still alive?


Can you do Greater Restoration on a group?


I should probably have brought someone with me just in case I suck at this. That's cocked. That's cocked if I've ever seen cocked.


No, you let him live. That's really nice.


Start moving his feet and his eyes stay in the same place.


Is there anyone around?


Ooh, okay. 15.


Yeah? I second that statement.


Elvish, Abyssal, Undercommon.


I was going to go to Caleb's aid, but seeing Beau walk away with him, I nod and go back to looking through the skulls for gold.


Excellent. (laughter) Well, let's prepare to navigate through it!


Or else they're wet? What happens?


Oh, it just gives you, you have all the charisma?


You want me to play the intro videos again?


Hotis. I mean, he had knives, but that's the only thing I remember.


Yeah. If that crud is moving.


I know, maybe you should just keep burning it.


Oh, it's in the room?


Yeah, he was cursed.


I'm fairly pissed at the moment.


Yeah, we'll do the Olympics.


Okay. We're going to go follow them and we're either going to die or get out of here. I hope we get out of here.


Is there a champion of the circle of fighting in the tavern? Is there a reigning--


That's 12. Plus my constitution, which is five, so 17.


Does it have to be attuned?


I'm already in my cups.


Kevdak, you are wanted at the front gates.


So Siff didn't have any feet!


Probably not? All right. Well. I'm going to use my bonus action first to hit it. It's at disadvantage?


I respect that. (laughter)


That's a powerful spell.


Kima, do you see any of your equipment here that you wanted?


Grog has an intelligence of six, he's gonna get names wrong from time to time.


I cast Mending on the fountain.


Ask a question.


Let's say which ones are very obvious about being pretty, so we look like we're just sightseeing.


I'm not. Okay, I'm going to Healing Word two.


Oh that. The haversack?


Yeah, that-- That hits.


There is a second thought, if this does not go well. Which was-- there was one place where we saw that many diamonds in one place before: Thordak.


Whispers! Whispers.


Just let it go, Percy. I noticed we're being watched, I think at every turn. There was a little imp guy watching me when I came in.


We're just stuck in a tree now.


All right, I'll jump down to the platform.


But what is the order of the line?


It's a clever distraction. I'm touching her and casting Lesser Restoration. Don't think I've never done this before.


Gameshega?


I just don't think I can leave here until I'm told I can.


Oh. Can we run over to the other door?


Yeah, I guess we should go follow him.


They were traveling. They were on the road. It was my brother Julius and my sister Vesper who handled matters of court. I was studying. I didn't think.


I'll tell you what. I'm going to buy some ducks, and just keep them back in Ank'harel for you. They can be your little birds.


I do, don't I?


I'm not fucking-- Figure it out.


You guys just didn't wake me up for breakfast?


Vax!


The daughter.


Okay, we can keep going.


Follow the axe.


Yeah, just be careful what you touch for a little while, we need--


Detect Magic wipe in this room.


So advantage sharpshooter. And that's a good thing, because that was terrible. And that was also terrible. So I miss.


I thought I was trying to cheat and replace one of my things.


Yeah, that seems standard.


Would we get there in two weeks? Because that's how much food we have.


I'm going to, definitely, every time he looks over at me, pose differently, so that he gets the best--


Well, it depends on you, then, and how much you want this wretch taken down.


Oh, no. We're going to pick Fjord up the way that you did the little child.


Thank you. For believing in me.


It's got a mace rattle!


It's a 30.


Always duskward.


Third one of the day. Let's go with this dice. Natural one.


Jester, you have a disguise kit, right?


Well, now you're on empty, I take my greataxe and I chop off his head.


No, it will be-- And I'm pulling out a potion bottle. This is if you are controlled. This could fix it.


It's tough being the good one.


15, she said 15.


I think I'm going to multiclass.


But I like him.


They're being held by the Iron Shepherds.


I already told him that.


24?


I'll say while Jester was doing all that, Caleb sat down and took out his spellbook and started ritual casting Detect Magic.


Do this here.


Keyleth! Over here! I'm over here!


Yeah, it does. That's eight. Fire damage, I don't know if he takes any fire damage, and I'm going to then stick him with my poison dagger, which isn't going to poison him. But that is a 26 which hits as well.


This is mine, yes. They do those specials. Those one of a kinds that you can buy.


31 divided by two? Yeah.


Oh, that's better. 16.


You were kissed?


Come on, Loot Crate.


I appreciate what you were going for there.


300 platinum each.


You all heal 31 points. It's something.


Let's find it.


There's no balcony?


You know it? Anyone who knows Lightning, I've seen it done on the battlefield with us, person to person to person.


You're overthinking it Caleb.


Did you have your own mask or do they just wear masks, out of curiosity?


She's got waterbreathing, so.


Garmelie, I'm so curious as to what happens if you're going to renege on our contract.


Like Batman.


We've done that before and we all exploded.


They're late night fishermen.


Said so casually.


There's just 20 or so skeletons out there.


--that was cool and he could. So my mom was like, "Go!" and I was like, "Okay."


Oh, maybe! They said there's a mage here that presides over this district.


I will follow suit-- oh wait, she's more than 30 feet away from me, isn't she?


Jameson.


Ohhh, fuck.


Okay. Saving throw or just dexterity?


Yeah, Caleb can do light too; it's not the greatest.


I move to the side and put my head down.


Same. Be careful.


Yeah, I'm concerned.


It can also be a Halloween costume.


And your tower is--


It's strength.


"Please reach out to her-- reach out to me--"


Oh, god, it's so awesome!


Can you dig a hole under and we can hang out in a hole with something over top of it so we can bust up out, like shallow ground?


It seems that you aren't challenged often in business and in fighting.


Yeah, we'll take that one. Summer's Dance. We'll give it back to him if he comes back to us.


Oh, less for Grog. Eight.


Was this in the fine print?


They'll probably open the bag before they deliver it, you know? Then they'll see it.


(singing) This is the music that plays when we fight!


Would not be a bad idea, because the magically-created food is spongy.


Well, we need it, that's what's going to help you guys.


That is a six plus very little or nothing, so you can guesstimate.


Oh, yeah?


How big-- you said the lake was like 350 feet--


The sphinx's name.


Verifying that he did the right thing?


I told you they were like this.


Is he not?


In the afternoon. I don't see anything in there. I mean, you want to raid an old house or keep going?


Eight, second one is 16.


Oh, I thought it was like a sort of wrap-around-y arrow. It wasn't like a-- I thought it was like a--


Why would there be one there?


This is so I can keep painting. I used up a lot of the paint that I had at the festival.


Two of ten times.


Do you remember that time-- I think it was the first time I made you laugh, and I turned into an earth elemental, and then pretended to do an "I'm going down the stairs" thing through the floor?


We're heading to the library.


There's literally nowhere your fists could go that wouldn't hit it.


Yeah, I'll use my action to admire the hammer.


26, so, 52?


(high-pitched voice) Where's the roll for initiative, man?


Sorry, fair.


So we have a mountain behind our backs?


Wherever that grappling hook was.


Caleb sees this, and just goes--


Yeah, but she can turn undead.


What a beautiful day it is!


She can get a hit or two, but the chances that she could take them both out at once...


Leave Vax there, let's go. (all laugh)


Just right in your skin, Grog.


Idleworks Shelf.


No, 24 to hit.


What do you make of all that?


You got out of that without any liquor on you. Real impressive.


Scroll of fire shield, excellent. I don't know what that is.


Got your stuff together? Everything you need?


I'll drop Animus for now.


Tax collectors.


Fair enough. Unconscious I go.


Like a mark.


Well, I wanted to find out more about the Soltrice Academy, yes. I didn't know what direction you were heading. I never even asked what you were doing here in the first place.


Oh no, I was going to give you more, but okay. Goodbye.


I climb on top.


I have this design, and this requires some gemstones, and I have a limited amount of dragon scales from five dead dragons, and I was curious if you could make a hero's crest that is built around these five dragon scales, so that everyone who helped to slay these dragons will always have a token that proves that they were there and they were one of them. And then I also need one made without the dragon scales as well.


Punch the mace and light that shit up.


Yeah, Summer Dance! Summer Dance now!


Per party member, yes?


So. 16.


Yeah, just stay here, go, whatever you want. I don't know. I feel weird. I don't need a pet right now.


(gasping) Let's all walk around, walk around the whole room.


Let's go to Whitestone. Let's leave. I don't like this place anymore.


Where are you pointing, over here? I can't see.


I cast it at 4th-level, so it's doing 5d6 right now.


Yeah, I know, is that good or bad? Both?


Oh, yes, well-- we are here to speak with Nostoc. We brought a gift for him that's quite remarkable, actually.


And a creature of the earth.


I'm just afraid I'm gonna (whoosh).


Anything else besides a bird? I mean, any kind of creature?


I'm going to try to go help Nott and I'm going to do the same thing. I'm going to try to pry the rug off of Beau.


It's physically beautiful but just the process we saw outlined is--


Yoink. Thank you. (whoosh)


I know, I know.


Right. And for the brains it was versus willpower.


When would we like the meeting? Tonight or tomorrow?


Give it time!


Do you know of anyone who would've stolen coins from people?


Oh, sure, I will let you do that.


You didn't clean very much.


I know you did. But I get fucked up really easily. Could I have another one?


I guess it's undead. She can't try to turn undead?


Doty got a natural 20.


Yeah, I get to do it, so it should still be mine, right?


I'm going to-- I'm 45 stealth, I'm going to back away to behind those giant shells.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on Scanlan at 3rd-level. 19 plus three is 22 hit points, and I'm going to fly down next to Percy.


Nice to meet you, Clive.


Yeah, we'll retcon that shit. It was in my pocket.


The Tide's Breadth. (laughter)


Not your saving throw.


Even though it's a nature thing, going up underneath there, I can't get around it? No?


Yeah, you go first.


When do I go?


Is it still disadvantage to the middle target?


Sure, thank you.


I only command him for one round, and on that command I will say: Fuck up that crew.


But here's a flower! And I Druidcraft him a flower.


That's a big fucking deal.


I really like it.


I cover for Fjord a little bit. Just taking space.


Okay. But it's high enough, that I mean it's higher than the castle.


Well, that's an easy promise to make. I promise.


Let's just keep that in a--


Doty? Do you know where Taryon went?


All she used to do before this show was haggle.


I lift Caleb off the ground because I'm next to Caleb still.


Oh, you crazy motherfucker!


It's just resting there, so if we get moving, it'll just fall.


Is that my full 50?


Wow. And probably much cheaper than just buying in bars all the time.


Why would I need a swim?


As we walk by, can I try to untie the old guy's shoelaces?


Oh, how are we gonna get him over it?


Advantage on all three attacks. First attack is 29.


Yeah, 17 and then I roll a d8 or I add a d8.


"Mar-quez."


I know what Molly'll be having in a couple hours.


Poltergeist123.


But it's daylight, so it should be fine.


Right, they're all elves. I can't look at them.


I take another bottle of wine and I (gulps).


(wearily) We saved the continent, why does everything feel like shit?


Yeah, that was super confusing.


Oh player, I've got the Armor of Agathys on.


Oh no, that was just a little bar fight. Nothing. Just a little friendly sparring. Nothing crazy.


Aren't you right next to the guy? Kill him.


Yeah, I'm eating.


Thank you. What's a regular at?


Shall we sleep?


Oh. Sorry, 31. I was wrong.


If someone asks you if you're a god--


It was a good jab.


Carry me. I’m going to jump into your arms while you do that.


But he would have stayed outside at the palace, right?


Okay, oh, it's a sealed scroll now.


Caduceus, then Caleb?


I'm going to post up on, where's my laser pointer?


Oh man, so many good ones.


You know, why don't you hang back? Is there any light in that chamber that Thaumaturgy could maybe illuminate?


Nice. Useful. Beauregard.


An early warning system?


No. She knows.


Fine. Can I push? Wait. Can I try pushing on one of the slabs? The right slab.


That really hurts, Grog.


Someone hit something. Yay.


Thank you, Cerkonos. Brother.


This is so great. Can they let us into the secret society too?


Like, on the break, read it.


Going to kill you. I'm going to kill you.


Oh crap, fire.


He's like a dragon!


(cooing) Yasha!


That thing's going to try to kill us.


On Halloween.


1d8 plus your spellcasting modifier?


They don't like magic?


(funny voice) Ah, sorry buddy.


Oh man, did you see that you thought you burned that other guy up, did you see how much you burned that--


No. He just told us.


Let me take a look, as well. Ooh, yes. 24.


Hi. I step in after her. Yes, I've made some changes to the place. Living quarters are upstairs, there's a kitchen, parlor, game room over there, billiards, all sorts of stuff. We have a music room. There are a hundred attendants who can wait on us. I've assigned some of them specific jobs. Five are going to play music for us wherever we want, especially during our meals.


Let's go down there. Let's go down where it's dangerous.


Yes, you did.


There are tunnels that exist already.


We did everything in our power to protect you, and to not harm you. If our druid's spellcasting frightened you, we apologize, but we didn't know what else to do.


It doesn't appear? You tell me, because you're the dungeon master.


And again, we're at war. This is not a battle. We do not win by going to Draconia. We do not win by going to Marquet. We win months from now.


I go over to one of the crystal walls and I put my hand on the crystal and I cast Daylight, trying to see if I can emanate it up through the dome.


Like Jurassic Park.


Armor. It was the armor, wasn't it?


Aberration? It's an animal.


We're still-- Mr. Dungeon Master, sir, this is all the same day. I don't get any of my spells back?


It's all we need.


Okay, now give me a bullet.


This is 2015.


"Solstryce?"


Come to Mistake in Open Quay. We've got money for you as a navigator.


I'm waiting in case--


And there, you've got it. You got it.


He's back there.


Coming in through here, which is the least resistance.


So wait, you can zap us anywhere in the world?


Century Fighter!


Who's going to keep an eye on Larkin?


I want full Benedict Cumberbatch.


And that got all of these guys? And then can I go eight, nine, get this guy--


Okay, so is it wisdom?


She's one of the mains.


No, we get five.


Pop out of the room that--


We wouldn't have learned any of that in our studies. No?


We need to take care of that orb.


The blessing, you say? I haven't heard speak blessing. I've heard words of encouragement. And your crew believes as you do?


Oh yeah. Mainline that shit.


We were talking about a couple people watching out front, right?


I don't care. I don't know any of that. That's a healing potion.


So as we climb the tower, she could be saying it?


The guy in black over there.


I'm glad you survived. There's a lot of gunpowder down there!


This contract, binding in honor and the elements, sets upon the agreed members of the Slayer's Take Guildhall, and the task of locating and slaying the below-mentioned entity, and the recovery of the below-listed harvested anatomy items. And any anatomy items not recovered or not in functional condition will be deducted from the final payment and refunded to the client. Oh. This contract is good for three days and should the contract not be fulfilled within that time period, all payments are null and void, this contract is null and void, and membership of the Slayer's Take is revoked-- outside of the Huntmaster's willful forgiveness.


Mm-hmm, and 40 hp.


And he only talks to you?


We need to have a feast.


Does it look reptilian?


They killed Molly!


Yeah, I like that. Maybe you'll win one.


Imagination clarification, because a Silence effect went off there. Did Vax and Keyleth hear, "You're married?" Or was that all covered by Silence?


Well. Shall we?


I got rid of that, right?


We don't take that long, I think 30 minutes is--


Clamps-- clampy space.


Just be armored guards.


All right, Jesus Christ.


What does that mean? What does that mean?


I can tunnel out underneath it.


The tunnel we came from.


It's okay, stick with the ones that were good for you. That one and the pink one.


Yeah, totally.


Enough to get me through a week of heavy use. I want to go on a bender.


Open your eyes, Grog.


Wait, Percy, you're going to shoot an unarmed woman?


Are we being replaced? Is this some joke?


Technically, if it's one long rest, I may be at three charges. Two or three charges.


I can possibly do it subterranean.


Well, that hits.


Can we look around? Are there any dragon tips around?


(snarls frustratedly)


Kill two, keep one to question?


Let's hope he doesn't roll a nine or a ten, y'all.


I appreciate the slow jam.


Do any of you need any supplies or anything before we go? Are we good to travel on foot?


That's worse. 14.


I know. Yeah, I'm still up in the three digits. Let's make it exciting.


Oh. Do you have a personal shopper?


Oh, this was your place?


Are you congratulating us for being murderers? Is that what you're doing right now?


Does the Hand of Ord carry any symbol? Do you know of any way of identifying them?


You're there, and you're here.


Lightning damage? (Computer alert sound.)


Didn't he say Vasa can get us there, right? Can get us safe passage?


Come on. Shamone! Oh, yeah, that's a 20.


It's not Secret Santa, we're not trading things. (laughter)


That's definitely enough for me.


All right, I'm scritching his ears while we walk.


Doesn't feel hollow.


Follow me please, for a moment. We have to do our homework first, but after we do homework, we go to Sutan's, we find this seal, we hold onto it. We leave fake communication that you will write that is from the High-Richter, calling for a hit.


They would never follow that, so.


So for the Boots of Levitation--


Kill it with fire!


There's a bed upstairs.


So how does that break down? For my hair versus his?


Yeah. I will-- No, I-- Fuck, no. Hold on a second, I don't do that. I redact that.


Or we could see what else they still have at the butcher's. There's a butcher.


And then you three on the carpet, you on the broom.


You're so smart!


All right. I just wanted to put it out there. We can all take the stones and go through. I bet it's not going to be that bad of a deal.


He's so comfortable! Look, I gave him plenty of treats, he doesn't even know what's happening.


I want to spring back and run as far as I can in the other direction, around the corner towards the rest.


We've never met anybody like Doty before.


18 plus eight. (cheering)


No. I'm ready. I can pull myself away from Pike for a second.


But you know what? I'm ready to set aside money for now, and just live my life and be my own man. Because if I do, when I do eventually go home, I don't want to seem like I'm trying to prove something to him. I just want to be my own man, right? And have him accept me for that, like you all have.


Now, look. How do you even know that?


Yeah, who's watching?


Yeah, yep. She knows two songs. She sings them all the time. (laughter)


That's my punishment.


Do you need assistance getting down from hanging from a bar? In the middle of the air, to be very literal.


I apologize. Clearly my friends and I are new in town, and we are very inquisitive. What is that you're drinking?


Gnomish, Common, Underdark, Undercommon, Dwarvish.


Yes, thank you for-- I am quite tired. Would you like to take it from here?


He called us "baby."


Check your features and traits.


We should scry on him!


Can I do a look around to see if there are any types of street marking for the sewers?


(slurred) I guess I could. Should I throw up now?


This is not just a vendetta. It knows about Whitestone. It knows about our base of operations.


Just throwing this out there, is there anything to gain by going up to the dragon lair and communicating with Thordak? Is there anything we want to say to him?


Bust it out, D-Roll.


Never better!


Barracuda!


But we're into it.


Is Sarenrae gone?


(counting) 27!


I have a robe, I have a robe.


I'll go with Pike and we can stealth in.


How far away are they from the rest of us?


Second attack! What was that? 21.


We're not going to take those giant manacles are we?


(speaking Infernal)


Well...


She will wake up. Unless you cleave her in half, she will wake up.


You're going to play, right?


Oh god, but he's so low on health.


You have to ask him.


No, yeah, no, my opinions are weird.


You mentioned the circus coming to town as weird. Why?


To the keep! 'Cause what else? He can't just hang out without us there!


Okay, fine! I guess I'll cast it tonight, never mind.


Yeah. Let's go home.


Party trick.


I'll do an arcana check on the vial, which is not great. "I don't know, it looks icky."


If I were to trick us, that's how I would trick us.


Aw, I'm not good at this. Pike, you know gods!


What's it called? What's the title?


We walked into a sort of political snafu because we didn't know the lay of the land, so is there anything we should know in advance?


That's somebody else.


Yarr.


Thanks for joining us, you guys.


Come on, Gil.


Melora is really good at it, too. We should talk to Melora.


I brought a copy, actually, I forgot to bring it out onto the table, but I have a copy that we'll probably play.


They're not with us at all yet, are they?


The Raven Queen?


Oh. Okay. Thank you. I cast Locate Object on the coins.


I said you know what it is! Just barely.


Eight. Eight more.


I did, very much so.


Still up to the old tricks, I see, Doctor.


Sand castle rolls.


Us?!


All the blood rushed somewhere else, that's not my fault.


Do we know anything about this festival, like, culturally? Do they wear masks?


Yep, accurate.


I don't like the nose yet. It's too low.


As far as the matters at hand  I, of course, Grog, encourage your violence. And Taliesin, I do quite like the idea of going back to Emon--


You should change your verbage here.


I'll stand guard.


So you could actually be fairly old--


I'm fine, for now. I'll let you know. You'll know if I'm not.


Nothing. You're good, Grog.


They're rapids.


Disadvantage on the attack rolls?


Come on, Yasha! Hurt them with your strength!


Is he going on his own, then?


Pike has healed feet before.


Friends! Well, I can cast Friends.


Okay, that was a fun conversation, goodbye.


Let us live!


We're on the cart.


Und 15.


Well, I think you might like this thing. You could come up with very creative solutions with that.


Damn it. Ha! Even better. 21.


All right, good fellows, would you escort us out and point us in the right direction?


I did, it's impressive.


Thanks, Keyleth. You beat me by one second!


I'm low, yeah, I'm pretty low.


You have not seen the ocean--


We're taking his shit.


I'm pushing out earth. Yeah.


Oh no. I am genuinely in trouble!


Click the boots. What I'd like to do is fly within ten feet of him. To do that, how far am I flying? I have 120 feet of movement, wings out, hasted.


You should do it!


No, don't put your feet near my face, like hang out on the back of me.


Second attack. Okay. 18.


Don't leave me hanging up top. Woo!


Well, normally you're barefoot so it looks pretty good. It makes your pants billow a little weird but I like it.


Yeah, he's got a gun.


Yeah, I did, too. Ow.


Anyone else?


I just talked into a wire, you don't know. It's fine.


I don't even know why I bother.


I guess Fjord and I will take a good ten feet or so up.


Is there a civilian waitress?


Okay, can I step over the dead guy. Sorry, excuse me.


Can I use my regular-- regular gnoll. Do I have remaining movement as a bonus?


Oh, Trinket-- Trinket's grappled!


Hey, you dead person, hey. I would like if you would come to life again a little bit and tell us some things that we want to know. (tongue waggling) (surprised yell) (screaming)


Yeah, I know. Fuck it. I'm going to run first, and then put myself out.


Yeah, I'd be angry.


Selfish.


It was always going to end this way.


Yeah, can me and Fjord tag team this?


'He'? (laughter)


To half because I have fire resistance.


Can I borrow just a pinch of your black powder?


The right.


Everything in it is black. So they're blinded, they can't hear anything.


Yeah, did you say this was a one story building?


It's late.


We're not here for you. Let go and stop this, or I can't be held responsible for what happens to this place. Do not join the cycle of life and death here.


I thought we were going to train. I thought we were going to fight.


Do you remember Lord Briarwood?


(whispering) Shallots! Chives!


Right, that's a good thing. Were you close to Enon? In the show. Were you on that side or the other side? Did you see the zombie?


What about weaponry in that pile of shit?


No. I've got this. Resituate. Grab a bit of a glance. (grunts)


Eight months, really. We traveled around close to here. We were only 20 miles away for most of the first couple months, and then it took us time to get there. Don't worry, though, I'm not a bad guy. I just sell things, trinkets, furniture, art pieces, antiquities, that sort of thing.


Oh boy. Oh you?


Ugh. (laughter)


"Choose up to five falling creatures within range." I guess I push the two of you as I fall.


12 on the first.


And do I see any motherfuckers on the streets?


Can I fly right as I get closer, just for dramatic effect?


Guys, this is the rest of the show.


Can I tell you a secret? All this last year, I've known we would see you again.


What does it say?


And it was all a dream. What a shitty ending. Who knew? It was terribly hacky and derivative, and it read like Fifty Shades of Grey.


Wait, did we get their names yet?


She does, she's trying to touch you so she can cast Cure Wounds on you.


We might be able to do one better.


Where did you get those?


Ja, vierzehn.


Sorry, I thought Uvenda might have said something. I'm here because I have completed my Aramente, and have come for my blessing.


Misses. 18. 21 points of damage.


Good idea, Pike. I'm going to take a good handful and put it in a pouch and save them.


Oh, sorry. I was thinking about the casino. Sorry.


This is going to be like two rounds to get to whoever--


Increased 14 points.


That's nothing for Grog, that's nothing.


One point for violent because it makes it a gamble. I don't have advantage, I don't know why I'm rolling like I do. Here we go. So with Sharpshooter. Yes! It's a crit!


So there's the delivery system, and that is the Keen Dagger. 26, 27, 32. 38.


Can he move at all?


I'm going to take three shots from where I'm at. First, I'm going to use my bonus action to chug down that potion I just got. What's the superior worth?


Wait, who failed?


Can I do a perception check to see if I recognize either Pike's face in there or Ogden's face or any of the gnomes' face? Do I recognize any faces?


I'll take the next watch because I don't mind the rain.


Ki'Nau.


But what if you get a natural 20? Roll again, in case you get 20's.


What did the reliefs have in their hands? Weapons? Swords? Axes? Hammers?


For the Crawling King, you are talking about?


What are these crystals?


Eat. Food. Big eyeball.


This is my favorite D&D game on the Citadel.


I quickly do the math of how fast I can travel and be like okay, it shouldn't take long.


They really know we're here.


We should leave.


I thought this was a stealthing mission!


Property of Jimmy.


Always have.


We thought the name was funny.


We didn't ask that? Okay.


He is going to lift with us.


I will?!


It's funny, because when we first started, and for the two years that we've been doing it, there was an element that I liked about it, that it was just ours, and then when I would try to tell people, I was like, "ugh, they're not going to understand." We get to go and play make-believe, and nobody is judging anybody and we can just go do it. So I was hesitant when we were starting the show, but what's been awesome is that you guys have been so accepting and such an amazing group in the chat room. And how you guys have been supportive of us. This has been one of my favorite things that I've been a part of... in my life? That's a really bold statement.


Yeah, we can be annoying sometimes. We understand.


Fuck the circus. So that's what you think happened to him, then? I feel like there's something evil afoot.


Okay. It just sounds like it was advice coming from people who didn't really fully know.


It's been so long.


He started leaving them around the house.


Right. (grunts)


I just rolled a 28.


Yeah this really not the kind of--


No, he's under her control.


Rumpelstiltskin.


Do I get Doty in the fight?


I reach out and I give his cheek a little bubby-squeeze, and I clap him on the cheek, and say, I'm good on my word, and you're a good friend. Thank you, Gilmore.


18, for me.


Is that like Pumat Sol?


Pop them out. Pop those bitches out. But you get an advantage.


30 feet from you or from the temple?


To get there.


I've got one more 2nd-level spell left. I'm going to cast Mirror Image on myself.


Got it. Okay. So I'll just start running. (laughs)


You deserve it. It's your gig, you booked it. I'm just playing here for the night.


You've got an invisible woman mini!


This looks really well fortified.


Oh my God!


I’m going to scamper towards the office if I can, as fast as I can.


I'm going to Doctor Grant it.


You guys are supposed to have good parades.


And she's hexed on wisdom.


I go look at the treasure chest.


He'll be tied to a rope. You can make it move when it's time.


So I hand the other side of the rope to Ulog so it doesn't fall.


Wait a second, pilot chair?


I've got nothing for my bonus.


Wait, what are you doing?


I'm going to do another crack to the forehead with my off-handed attack. That's a natural one. No! Wait. No, it is. I thought it was a seven. Thought it might be a seven.


We fought them on the airship, too, right?


She totally has a peg leg.


That's all she has, right?


Can I hold your mug? I want to see what it feels like. Wow! Look at the size of that.


He said that?


12.


Magic! [break]


Staying out of it!


It's the forest. Do I get advantage on that one? Perception? What is that, 21? 21.


You're a trash person. I walk over and I take your last drink and drink it and salute.


Double that sneak attack damage!


I'll Counterspell that.


Ooh, nice. Yeah, we'll find you. I promise we'll be as expedient as possible.


You give us a bonus to our stealth.


Give me water like the ocean!


Is that something you can do, Scanlan?


Do you think there's any hope for Whitestone? Do you think there'll be a day the people can find happiness again?


So we can be with you always. Matt can stare at you while you sleep.


Fuck! It's locked?


"Start Wearing Purple."


I can use my ranger skills to cover people!


Show it to us. How does it look?


What did you give him, Taliesin?


He can only tell them what we look like if he's a very clever artist.


I don't know. I wasn't really paying attention.


You're alive! Come here! And give him a big ol' squeeze. And I squeeze a little tighter to make sure he doesn't turn into mud. You turned into mud last time.


Oh, for saving throws? Sorry, I rolled my--


I needed this.


That is so astute. It's 12 00. My god, he had a thought.


That is fucking awesome.


Against what?


Oh, man!


22, tied with Scanlan.


I got you girl.


Do you see her?


I think they're out there somewhere.


I actually go collect a few of the vines hanging from the trees.


Yep, all the way to the little boy.


That one might have made me cry a little bit.


I'm stepping a little back.


That's 28. Times two.


I'm going to go right to that window right there.


I'm going to go ahead and start the giveaway.


Invisible or change us. One or the other.


(twangy singing) I got friends in eldritch places.


Great. I'm going to fire an Eldritch Blast at the dick that's with Yasha.


Oh man, now you're in an Angelina Jolie movie.


That's what I'm going to go do.


Yes. Right? Because I can't Alter Self into an erinyes.


No. That might go poorly.


How? We have her body.


I'm not going to get out of there!


You gotta potion? Fucking down a potion, man! Do it!


Light the damn sticks of dynamite! Just do it!


Yeah, don't fall.


I'm already taking off my jacket. I'm taking off everything that I don't want to get wet, keeping just one sword, and I'm going to go for it.


It's no one's fault.


I know, right? You can't believe that it's a real thing until you're actually there.


Well, I know that now.


Yeah, I also want to look and see what the fuck kind of creatures it is that are moving around in the city. But I want to see what kind of creatures are flying around as well.


You know what, guys? I didn't know that this was ever a thing.


Who was it, though?


I know. This is it.


-- and go get it!


Jesus balls.


Joe, a.k.a. jpcguy89, thank you for the dice as well. I found his thing.


Investigation? 22.


I'm just going to pop into the kitchen.


They want to make my Singing Dawnblade?


Okay. Just a straight attack?


But you can talk to him. You could try any time. He's around, you know.


Get it out of the bag of holding.


How spread out are those three groupings?


And no other blades?


And until the creature takes an action to douse the fire, the target takes-- oh, it also, anything that if I move within, it immediately takes 1d10 damage whenever I move into its space.


But it is a melee weapon?


Okay. Can I make, with my Spiritual Weapon, a sort of-- holding like a--


Yes? (Skype noises)


Yeah, where's the cathedral at? Is that what the other entry is?


You're welcome, Internet. You're welcome.


Yeah. And just hiding against the wall there. Not even-- just by the fruit. By the fruit cart. Next to the barrel of ugh.


Once again you're a couple steps ahead of us.


And deeper than you let on.


Can I look under the bed?


Oh, and minus two. That's 14.


All right, we'll save business for another day.


Ugh, Grog.


No, I don't want you to say yes.


Oh, we just killed one of those.


Double speed.


Some people more than others.


Pike, speaking of clerics, do you want to check in with your temple?


Are they sweet or savory?


Oh, he's tiny!


(singing) Memories!


That's a lot of writing.


Unless she's doing things that we don't know about.


He has acid resistance against reflux.


What are you going to do?


They're antique, you know, for decoration?


You've heard much of what he's done. Mainly just building and working and working and building. And in his spare time, he built and worked on things for himself. Chief among them, Doty! Doty 2.0, take this down.


You were listening in to our conversations?


I'm looking at it!


Just don't let it fall in the toilet when you go over to flush.


Here's the thing, you could live in Marvel what you live in, if you couldn't live in that world as a superhero, just as a normal person.


Would we be able to see, as well?


I take her by the hand and I pull her further away. Much further away. Did the others tell you what happened in the tomb? In the sunken tomb?


Well done, Lyra. Very good.


Did we crack one of them?


This is one of those things where I thought I would just bring it up now before we go running in there.


I'm... King of Vilya?


Jester gives us a fashion show.


Honestly, once the combat starts, especially if you've got Fireballs, we can just make sure those horses are toast.


With my vines, I make sure my vines really grapple him.


Oh, I was thinking it was just like a giant pyramid, with one roof. (laughter)


Beau, but it's still not necessarily untrue.


Tell her you didn't have any.


Which is 3d6, because it's at level two now.


Razor's edge.


No, look, he's wearing weapons given by a god. I don't care if it's a totally fair fight, I just don't want to dispatch him cheaply.


Come on, take him down.


See if it's something that would be worth--


As I was saying, you seem like you're almost expecting to die, or you're looking forward to it?


I'm too dumb to be a risk, right? Too vapid to be a hazard.


Odd.


(screaming) No, look what you did! Come back to bite you in the anus.


Could I look to see if anyone's watching us out on the shore?


I'm taking a level two potion, myself. Just--


(embarrassed) Oh!


Yeah, let's try to leave the room. That's better. That's a 24.


I think it's-- are we going to just do this?


He's in the other port.


And a female version of me.


What dagger? You had a -


That's a-- I've never seen any-- I thought they were related and then they all have the same name so I guess that's another thing.


Telepathically, I tell Frumpkin to crawl up the other side of the door and go onto the ceiling.


I'm not casting it yet.


Take a loan?


How much damage was that?


Or he's unearthed and-- yeah he could be blocking a--


It's very freeing. It's the best thing-- it's the thing that happened to me. It's not the best thing that happened to me, it's the thing that happened to me. I found peace in building a new person. The Moonweaver--


Has it been over ten minutes?


Does the Heroes' Feast give us additional hit points?


Yeah. Well, I can't tell, I can't see shit-- is that over Percy's shoulder?


Okay. Go get her!


She dropped it, but it was a good roll.


You're so good at dwarves.


Fjord, get it.


It's a lair action.


Was this passive perception? Because if it was, then I rolled a natural 20 of passive perception. The natural one.


I'll do that to the other two eyes in the other face.


All that stuff.


Yeah, 'may'.


You have four choices!


The old reach around stabbing.


On our side.


Long gone, thankfully, long gone. We're Vox Machina--


I can see this happen right?


I'm an adventurer!


He told me to be flavorful!


Should I wear the hat, since I am apparently a wanted person now?


I can guide you. I can do nothing else.


So you come with funds on you.


So first thing I'm going to do is get a quick little heal bonus going, because why not. Let's do a heal. So that's 14 points up, so I'm 156. A little bit better, and that's my heal. I'm noticing that this thing's only taking magic damage. The hammer it dropped is underneath the planetar right now, right?


Someday, it will be ours.


I telepathically tell Frumpkin to jump up and sit in the lap of the woman in the monk's robes who just made a big scene and hopefully keep her occupied with being cute.


Seemed like such a good idea!


Spell save DC, is that right? 19.


Sorry, I take a piece of the bark to have and I use my sword.


I mean, I would like to, yeah. I saw it in my visions and I haven't had any other dreams since. I feel like this might be a good chance to put a dagger in it, you know? Finish it up.


I think I might be a bit weaker, actually.


That's why I'm taking it.


Yeah! Skydive, baby. Oh shit! What is it called? It's a--?


Oh, Siri did, apparently.


That's the end of Loo.


I slowly crawl out. I pull out a piece of parchment, and I write: Hello, fairies. We're napping. And I put it on the tree above us and go back to sleep.


Where's the one that I hexed?


Yeah, loving shit.


Well, yeah. Let's-- This is not going to be loud. Well, it will be loud once it breaks.


What night is it? I'm busy that night.


Please roll bad. If there is any justice in the world...


Half speed, negative two to armor class, no reactions, and they can either do an action or a bonus action; they can't do both.


Maybe up the -


We need some sort of mnemonic device to remember goliath grab. G, goodness gracious, grab that goliath. O?


Man, he's looking way too smug.


They won't be able to open that back up?


What if I point Keyleth in the direction? Can you glide as an earth elemental and find it that way?


Let's go through.


Alex is brilliant.


Look at you, becoming a people person. Or at least a bird person.


We're in the boat.


I'm fine. Vex is here, you two leave.


I'm willing to learn.


Since the show is moving to its new time, 7:00-9:00pm, so we're going to be opening card packs. Talking about them, being really dumb and in our pajamas, and it's going to be great. Definitely Matt, and there's going to be a bunch of people showing up; it's going to be great!


Matt said it was silver the last game.


So it's just gooey flesh?


Do that a lot.


No, I'm not. Oh, is this magic?


What gap?


I totally forgot about the weasel by the way.


Wait, that's a ten. That's a ten-sider. This one.


And I have never even told anybody about that. I never told Vax about that, or anything. So Trinket was mine.


Respect. Respect.


Matt's thinking about all the other people he could be playing D&D with right now. (laughing)


Can you scream out "lobotomy" while you do it?


We have a way out!


Well, then there's the Professor and Mary Ann. Yeah. Well, you may be the Professor. So maybe you're Mary Ann. Does that make me Ginger?


Do you have a jug of mayonnaise now?


I have to think about some things. We should go to sleep.


While that is happening, may I hide Taryon's clothing?


He wants to do this. See if it does anything. That's fair.


West side's on the shore side, right? Ocean's there?


Not my strong suit. A straight intelligence check? Nine.


Oh, it's late.


Yeah, we handed them out.


Does she paddle the canoe down?


You're only gonna do it once?


Flying carpet.


Well, that's difficult.


If only. No.


Do you have Doty singing to you again?


Only people who piss her off, so be on your best behavior. The Landlocked Lady is a brothel. We might want to cover Nila's eyes. It's run by the Marduns, who happen to be--


She's awesome. I have kind of a girl crush on Satine. She's so cool.


And it's going to be a big, big, rowdy room. So if you're like, "Aw, I don't want to go, there's not going to be any seats." There gon' be seats.


Okay. What are you asking of me right now?


Well, that, and those drinks were really inappropriate.


That's where the troll dick came from.


Stop saying it, stop saying the name.


Well, we-- technically, we--


I love that. So thank you.


Do you know what this is reminding me of, though? Is getting the crew for our keep in the last home game.


Burning a card, who are we playing with? The Batman villain Firefly? (all laugh)


You said it was a mile. Can we traverse through the bottom of the ravine to get there in that direction?


Grog. Grog would bring Kevdak out.


That's a bonus action. I still get an action.


He gave me free rein, I'm searching this fucking place.


Yeah, I know. Can I-- How accurate can I be with a Guiding Bolt? Is that dependent on--


Luck?


Okay, yeah, I'm going to take a healing potion. A superior, which is what?


Oh, yes. You should try some of this fruit, guys.


At the disadvantage.


It's-- Ogden. That was bullshit.


You broke him!


Still Pass Without a Trace.


Well then, let's have a door. And I will pull my A Door out of my Robe of Useful Items and it put it on the side of the wall.


He can see me? He can find me in the smoke?


Okay. I'm going to hit him again.


A bite with advantage!


Yeah, but it's only a foot of ice.


Yeah, it's only got plus 40. It's a pretty shrimpy hit.


I'm gonna brush Trinket.


It's too long.


I'm asking the guards at the front if anybody came from the keep, from Uriel.


Allison.


It's just two. It's shank shank.


I will never give this up. Ever. Thank you. Thank you, Taryon.


But the guards have the ability to call higher authority on us and we don't want people--


No, I heard it was sort of a technicality.


(exaggerated Arnold Schwarzenegger accent) Five points of damage.


I set the Deathwalker's Ward for necrotic damage.


Are there any big trees in the city?


No, like little wind chimes. Like we had at home.


We're going to rest. Are we safe to leave fucking-- there's nothing we can do, at this point-- to leave Vecna in the world. We can't do anything!


Yes, you did! I have fire resist on me.


I don't know what that means.


It was a month ago, wasn't it?


And behind a tree, I'm going to take form.


Oh, wait. We do.


Oh Jesus. Oh boy. Where am I?


Oh god, he flipped a page. I hate that.


Oh, yeah, did I find anything in the barracks?


Will you kiss it? I thought so. And I walk away.


Was that your girlfriend, Jumbo?


16 here as well.


(softly) That's what casual people do.


Love, The Iron Shepherds.


Love you, Jes.


Oh, no, I didn't.


Hold on. Vax, are you planning on going alone? That's silly.


For all of this, I'd like to--


The Hallmark card way of saying fucking.


Valkin was the guy that fought Caleb. Okay, let's go. Should we just go in?


He just throws the iPad.


Great! Thanks for the silver.


It seems a shame to have a family and not take advantage of it.


I didn't know you are an artist.


Oh wow. Okay. That's 21 points of damage.


Even though I can't see her, I'm so connected to her, can I try to heal Pike with a big shout?


You just told them your real name!


Just deal with it, it's going to be good.


That bed was not my favorite.


Is there enough gut to hit?


Can he put his finger down, and I hold the locket up. Hey, Fassbender.


I don't think they go with your pants.


Fuck no, it's not. Shit, I need 30.


Scatter die! What is that?


I'm sorry, who? A Washington team, whose name I dare not say? I'll inspire you with a dad joke. It's another cow one.


Do it. Do it.


I'm running towards the wall. I'm getting some distance.


Teamwork. Fine, let's do this.


As he does, I shout out from the audience using my Cutting Words.


Not showing your sensitivity?


It's not evil. It's not good. It could be the thing that's keeping these undead moving.


Roll for first mate.


(mumbling) ...plus 8…


Oh shit! Once a century?


You still have your torch, yeah?


Roll good.


No, no, no--


She goes unconscious. (laughter)


We've taken everything, yeah.


Don't I have some spells on there?


Haste on Fjord? Oh my god.


Okay. Who do you think we proposition here? The old man?


Say something, Grog!


I have Speak With Small Beasts...


And Matt will be a couple of different roles, including Matt Mercer.


Oh, plus nine.


While he's talking, can I keep an eye on the figure in the corner?


The twins?


Hey. Technically they can understand me.


We have to try to pull the rug off of-- We have to out-strength the rug!


Should we go to one more beach before we all die?


Do you need my help?


Tary, are you coming back to Whitestone?


Something from the deep is in that. I don't know. It reminds me of something.


Sisterhood of the Traveling Dodecahedron.


Hold up, Kima. Hold up. What do you mean? Have you spoken with him before?


Too hot to handle, too cold to hold.


With trick shot. So.


He is a fish.


We only sent one down the hole.


Fuck! 13.


Sounds insane.


Not cool, man, not cool.


From Kamordah. (rustling noises)


Mighty Yenky has struck out.


Four, so 13 total.


A billion. More than before. 35.


I love a mystery.


Which one, the Potion of Speed?


I start laughing.


Of course I will.


Nice. I'm going to check for any arcane stuff and I got--


That is a 21.


Don't touch me.


Oh my god, that was so good.


Pretty good. We're a good team. Yeah.


And now you don't have it no more?


12, plus-- 15 on the third one.


Or really itchy wool.


We-- the carpet we stole, to be fair.


It's just on that smog thing.


"I'm going to burn all of my fellow guards with a large Fireball first." (laughter)


All right. Fair enough.


I still don't trust it. Let's just all get out of this hole.


Constipated?


Say it all out loud.


Hey boo.


I always try to be helpful when I turn cards for people.


Oh no, Tary!


What? Oh, bullshit. That was the most bullshit delivery.


Yeah, okay. We go back over there and we fucking grab Molly. I grab him by his horns.


That you do.


He's like a coyote. You know what that is?


Do I have a sense of distance, or just direction?


Oh, she beat me! (laughter)


Can I use a Fire Bolt? That would be good, a Fire Bolt.


Can I fly down and see if I see any signs along the road? Any markers saying what city it is?


I pounce on it.


(stuttering) We're so cool right now! Yeah!


All right! (laughs)


We solved the case. Easy.


I would like to sit and attune to the sword.


Oh, yes! Hi. Yes, this is-- Yes.


I feel like this might be good for you. There is a kind of magic that I do not even possess that allows you to vanish from one point and reappear in another, and this blade will allow you to do it.


Although, to play devil's advocate, you are right: he could change his mind down the line and try to get revenge on you or your mother.


What's going against him right now?


Would you mind giving me another boost real quick?


We’re little people! You know why? Because I need someone with me and I can only take her, because that's the only other one who will fit through the Dimension Door with me.


I take her and-- oh, fine. I'll hold on to her.


You'll like it. Well, I don't know if you'll like it. I don't know what you like. I'm going to take him to the cemetery, to the crypt. The title I gave your sister doesn't come with much, but it does come with one, at the moment, tiny plot of land, on which a crypt sits. This was the resting place of the father and grandfather and assorted family members of the man you killed the first night we came here.


I'm staying at the back.


How far is the gate from the front door?


Because Pike and I are by the dead guy, right? I take Pike and back her behind the dead guy, and we're hiding.


That is not--


Oh no! I was just thinking the other day, just outside the cavern, if Aldor was here--


Liam, thanks for introducing me to Dungeons & Dragons.


(laughing) Yasha rolled a two.


I get pushed even though I saved?


There's a punk band warming up. (All laugh.)


Yeah, as long as I'm out of the way of the ritual. Just near Pike.


What are you casting?


Who's that?


14. That's a terrible pun.


My mother was killed.


Well, if I can only use Lay on Hands once, I'm going to throw another dagger out the door into the pit fiend--


I'm fair for that.


Okay. Yeah, sure.


I would like to fuck him up, if I may? If I could? [cheering]


Here we go. Here we go.


All right. Can I get out of the water?


Keen Mind, nah, it's a minute.


Yeah! We're mostly really good at that.


I have the other one, currently.


This all seems very technical.


15 plus one, yeah.


I rolled a natural 20 on stealth.


No, we have been together a long time, so we're used to--


Yes. I have been thinking about it so much.


And bonus damage to his mother, wherever she may be.


Well I'm negative 58 now.


Can I grab a big, two-handed piece and put it in the Bag of Holding?


Goodnight, Caleb-- If you need anything I'll just be in another room--


You're still blue, and you still look like Blue Man Group, so do you want me to go with you so that I can undo that when we get there?


In theory then, I have three empty vials because I did have three healing potions that I've used.


But what if the pistons are fueling the fires, the forge?


New sheet. I leveled up, so I had to do a thing.


Is that bad? What else--


The jeweled knife that Thorbir gave me.


I'm sorry, do you want to design this?


Took me down to 16 hit points.


A great mission.


Can I get another healing spell, then, Cashew?


It is an action? I thought it was an action to--


Can we direct people to the Benny Hill steampunk theme song.


I take my reed of a wand and whip it. Three times.


I think we'll just-- there's a lot of demons around here. Devils.


(singing) Don't fuck me...


I thought it would get washed all the way out. Down the toilet, all the way out.


Did you reach for it?


Yeah, I'm agreeing with Scanlan, and I am mooning off the cliff's face.


We do, though.


I'll don the hat so I turn into the Meat Man so that no one can recognize me.


Sherri!


Except for you, darling.


Ooh! Cue the music.


But it's not a concussion grenade.


It's not a catfish!


Why tiny pockets?


Yeah, okay. Ten.


Let's go to the cavern. Well, it's not a democracy, but that's okay, I am totally open--


I can maybe try to Sprinter's Boots my way up.


During this whole talking, I look in and see where my cat is.


Hmm. I think we just need to hunker down.


Shorebottom.


That's fate, that's kismet.


I'm surprised it's not working, honestly. That's the most chill I've ever seen.


I understand, but I can also cast Invisibility.


Then I will-- sneak attack still? Yes, no, maybe?


Yeah, actually, I'll reroll the cocked one, but it doesn't matter. Yeah. That hits.


Maybe both.


We still have the Fire Ashari.


Staying where I am.


Or should we wait 'til we collapse the tunnels?


Plead our case.


Well, that's more narrow. When it was going on the road, was it going towards the direction we were going, or were we following it?


Okay, I'm going to back into the corridor while you guys handle the gems and start talking to Vax.


No, take everything.


Yes. If we go and speak to Zanror, and we can't change his mind about fighting this dragon, which I'm not entirely comfortable asking him to do, we at least get the innocents, prisoners, and hostages out of the city. We pretend that we're going to fight the dragon with him, and when shit goes down, we wait.


If we can't have Scanlan, at least we've got the shirt.


Sure, here's my flask.


I'll just-- I mean, like I said. Right before I do it, I'll shape it into an ice spike and right through the eye.


I'm going to stand up.


Can you make yourself darkish?


I'll find it.


Can you cast Seeming again?


So he's got to move ten feet before he can pick up his sword.


Oh dang. I haven't even looked through these yet.


Actually, dear. Dear? I believe you left one of your potions off the table.


It's not really a choice.


And we head back to the keep.


All right, well, I guess I'll go back to the keep.


Okay. How much for all this shit? (laughter)


The Invulnerable Vagrant.


We will certainly try.


That's short term.


Well all right, 24.


Nah, I don't know.


It could also be someone who was having dreams, Fjord.


Got to get that thing finished.


An hour?


I know. I haven't critted in forever.


Cool. I'm going to turn and take my last two shots at Orthax. I've got a plan.


Did I see an entrance?


Grapple it, fall flat, kill it quietly.


A Kerr package?


So at least you guys and me aren't slowed down, so that's good.


You're not with us.


I can think of many reasons why that's probably not a good idea.


Eastern wall.


Whale.


Oh seriously?


I pull out a piece of that green glass that we took from before.


But she knows what it looks like.


AC is 15.


Or you could make a wall of fire.


Don't forget the mustard.


One ounce owl. It's the best band.


(scoffs) Talking to my sword. The skull has a voice.


Nein, nein! Up. Up!


You talk to Kara, then, but no more whatever this is.


How many, how many, how many?


Okay. I put her on the ground and I say, okay, look at the lower right-hand corner.


It's gone, but it only takes me 11 minutes. I don't know, are we safe where we are?


You're acting like you're botoxed.


Careful with those.


Is that the guy who you charmed? Awesome.


So 4,500. So enough for three trammels.


Awfully convenient. Still awfully convenient that your little circus doesn't allow the elderly, which you never fully explained, and he happened to be one of the oldest people in that circus. Where did that rule come from? The sick makes sense, I asked you that before, but why elderly?


Matt, how do you do this?!


I'm with them. We're the stealth party.


We're not dead yet.


Well, I think we do it while we're up there.


I think he'd want you to have that.


Ugh. What kind of dumb character keeps a diary?


Oh! You got a whisper on a 15.


Right? Hmm. Traveler? Are you here? Shit. Okay. I don't know where I'm staying tonight, Traveler, I might be here, I might be with my friends, but-- Okay, I'll see you soon, okay! And I run back out of the room.


All right, you're right. Think like a triceratops. So, I need shelter. I don't know. How do triceratopses think?


How much for a strawberry?


Yeah, to give them light.


It's big?


Oh, just damage. 25. 25.


You guys are so kind with these comment cards.


Are you kidding me? I'm like a fucking Home Depot of weapons. I got what you need.


Are you all right? Are you with the Briarwoods?


I cast Stoneskin on myself.


Make-believe has consequences.


Acid, I get halved.


Wait, is it a fail?


Each platinum is worth 100 gold, right?


I weigh less than Yasha's sword. So if you want to save some weight--


I'm rolling my giant foam dice for this.


Well, kind of.


Do we want some dried food rations?


Does he have tenure or something? Is it a union thing?


Clarota, is there anything you can do to help us on this endeavor?


It works like scrying.


We stay downstairs, right?


Thank you, Loot Crate!


Fuck yeah, let's go.


And what, you work for my father? On a regular basis?


I like that the 400,000 people who saw that thing are tuning in to the shopping episode.


Matt, can you point to where the cherub is?


Are you abstaining?


Before port (snaps fingers).


I'm looking through Frumpkin. Very bad.


I let Simon crawl down and form a belt.


Fuck. Second hit?


Can I pull out the little pearl of power?


And it gets three eyes every turn.


I don't think you should be planning for your own death!


Thought you would've made a shitty name like that one up.


Are you there?


Aww, it's so cute. Right, guys?


(whispers) No.


Want to walk up? Yeah?


Weather forecast is not a bad idea.


I think it would still go poorly, but let's see if it comes to it.


Oh, it's a chick!


We had a great time this week talking about Swamp Thing and horror comics. Next week, we're going to be talking vaguely about DC Comics; everything from Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman, the whole set of them and all the weirdness, and talking about 52, what it is, why people seemed weird about it and why people are coming back to read it now. Like a brief overlook on everything DC Comics. It's going to be fun.


We could just kill them all now.


Oh no, now that jinxes it. See, that's better. Look at that. That's lovely. 26 and 23.


Aye, you heard right.


Just pop on over, yeah. We sleep for the night, and then we go over to Vasselheim the next day.


So I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns at 3rd level. I'm going to roll for that. Jesus. That's only 16. That doesn't hit, does it?


There will be a pajama night for Christmas.


Yeah. I get to play the first two minutes of the game.


He went so fast he knocked me into the boat.


I imagine when Beau walks down the street, it's all parkour.


All right. Let's bug it up, then.


You're doing great, Matt, you're doing great.


(sarcastic) They're all very clever.


That lump is the toad.


Not on a reaction, I don't think.


That means he likes you.


Wow, this is a lot that happened. I'm going to click my boots, and I'm going to run up the wall and run upstairs.


Can I try to grow my beard, real quick?


Yes. We do. Yeah.


I guess I'll do a Guiding Bolt at level three.


What is that? That's a six plus something. Nine.


Just cup around.


Oh, four.


Oh, you already tried?


You can tell me what it is now.


The rest of you lot fall in line. I drag the little one off.


I mean, you were with these people. Once. What--


All right. Yeah, I'll do that. I'll shoot him. He's Hunter's Marked already, okay, good.


And Doctor Strange, his work wife.


Jonas and Lucas.


Yes. 15?


(kid voice) That's a shark. This is a flower.


Sword jugglers.


We got a bunch of illithid coming in here soon.


More than worth it. I'll take it.


I know! I didn't even mean-- I just pulled them out of my suitcase today. And then some people were tweeting back and I was like, "Oh, shit. It looks like I'm at home." I was like, "Ah, well."


I like Percy's idea. We've got that acidic vial.


Just saying, they could've held the baby five more hours. I feel like they could've done it.


Yes. You'll see


Good to see you again!


She seems really honest.


Well, we have this guy, who's pretty big--


Yeah, not that I'm comparing, I'm just, it's very nice.


Okay, do we need to talk to this dead person?


And what's the name of it, exactly?


This is my place, all right? I don't want any riffraff in there. Listen, there's a guest list, there's a guy at the door--


All right, all right.


So there are windows that they came through? They came in the windows?


And I will sit up. No one's there? I'll sit up in my sister's room.


You have so many.


Vax, I don't know how you did it, or how she did it, but something's happened.


Have we seen these things before?


It's like a birthday cake shot?


So blue!


You know, when I used to hop fences back where I came from--


So weird. Are they good conversationalists?


I'm going to save my higher stuff for the guy who's disappeared, so I'm going to Fire Bolt it right at point-blank range at disadvantage.


I walk up a little bit behind Scanlan and I insight check her to see what the fuck is going on.


Screaming in terror.


Oh wait, I got one last thing, it's not really a professional announcement, but I am sitting in the kitchen that I grew up in. I'm playing Dungeons & Dragons in the first room that I ever played Dungeons & Dragons in.


Divide it up now?


Can I cast Cutting Words, or can I use Cutting Words?


Oh, wow, thank you so much.


Okay. That's good to know. That's very good to know. Thank you.


Something that explodes it?


Maybe like a really heavy armor, that’s really quiet.


They exist, you know.


I got this.


On my bonus action, I'll cast Hex as well. That's five points of necrotic.


Oh man. I love you so wholeheartedly, and on a regular basis you kick me in the goolies. I don't understand it.


So if anyone asks, we belong to her.


I'm going to take a shot with Bad News because this is getting really ridiculous. I'm going to try and get her attention and get her to pay attention. Let's have a normal roll. Oh, for the love of God!


Probably good for two applications.


"One foot in front of the other. Here we go," I said.


Great king, if we may, time we have.


Oh, shit. Oh god.


Would I get caught in that?


That's good; at least he (electricity noise) around some.


Hey, this city's under lockdown, can we go into the library?


33. What's half of 33?


Was that the only door to the room?


Yeah, I have a second attack.


Just in case, I'm going to push off and wait for Grog. So I'm holding my turn.


It's not a concentration spell. It just takes a minute to cast and it lasts for 24 hours. So I'm going to go ahead and cast it and make it look like there's just a wall with another lava flow that's come out, and is starting to happen.


I don't know what we're doing, I don't know why we're doing it. I don't know! I've just been thinking about it, I mean, what is the point of our lives?


Whoa! I put all of the jewels on my fingers.


It said do you ever think about sexuality while playing, besides Grog, of course. Scanlan does, I'm sure other people have.


Why are you "oh man"-ing? Is that a good "oh man" or a bad "oh man"?


That's hilarious!


We need a key. Let me try my--


So it's really just a question of which peril do we want to face first.


There's no short rest between here and--


La La Land. It's Moonlight. (cheering)


(whispers) This got weird so quickly.


I'm going to take a minute to try and explain to the Professor what a doctorate is.


You may change your "tune." (noncommittal groans)


I think so. Because what if we would've gotten something bad? Did you want me to hold onto it? Or do you want to hold onto it? I'm just afraid you're going to pick it and be alone.


I moved in with Grog.


(laughs) No! Hello, Victor. I was just to give you money. You were stuck-- you had gotten stuck down-- what is down there?


No, feel free.


Scanlan, cast the spell.


And we split whatever we find.


And they're slaves, right? They're slaves. Tattered clothing.


That's (counting) nine points of damage. Yeah, nine.


I could have sworn I cast that and said that last game.


Liam, they're excited about reading. They love books!


Yes. I want to ask Matt a question. Matt.


With my flask, I'll fill it up.


Six total. (laughs)


Either that or they'll kill him. (fake laugh)


Gosh darn it! Is there nothing in my Primeval Awareness? Okay.


We have an infinite amount of rope.


Boners and wangs.


Oh god, I can't even.


Trinket weighs a ton. All of us together.


Have you not played with your Gil die yet?


He's real?


Look, should we still look for the Lord of the Quad Roads?


No, I mean off the prison site, not--


It's your everyday Prismatic Spray. It sprays in a cone. It's a sugar cone, not a waffle cone.


"So you'll know what I've got cooking. Plus some people that if you need particular things, you can talk to in the city, who are friends of the family. 10 things to see in the city that might be nice, and my 10 favorite books in the library, in case you get bored."


No, that's the Monster Manual, DM's guide.


Trinket the donkey.


Does everybody speak Common?


How many people lose their lives on their Aramente? How many people complete it?


That looks like Tary's vomit.


Kill that guy.


Oh, that was almost bad.


Oh, someone's asking about Keyleth's child murder.


Can you talk to the tree if you're invisible?


What about a night swim?


I grab it.


We didn't want it to happen, we just were making sure it wouldn't.


And dies.


As in one ki-- Do I have to-- Hang on. Sorry!


Yeah, it totally sticks to it.


Oh yes! I pull out the vases. Look at these antiques!


Who and what are those?


No, that's fine. Does it fire?


Hey, Keyleth. Do you have any of that Wild Guide-- is that what's it called? That herb that scares away the undead.


We can't do anything. Nobody knows Disintegrate or anything?


You said goblin-like creatures.


Yes, 6 30 today, it went up.


Lyra? Lyra.


Too bad one's going that way and the other's going that way.


I'll take Pike and go after her.


Thea Therpent.


Dwarvish. Gnomish.


That's a good point.


Maybe something else, like poison or acid? Isn't it acid?


I do remember that much. All of this looks familiar, and I think we’re in the right place.


I wouldn't recommend walking on in.


Okay, we're going to go. We're doing this.


Okay. Four, one, four, three. Oh shit, I should probably be adding these. That's nine. That's 12.


Yeah, well you did, too. Every time I popped into wherever I was, I could see you pop in and then pop out and I kept wanting to go make sure you knew we were getting the fuck out.


Honestly, we're scared of both you and the lycan, and we just want to pass through. We want no harm for you, and unfortunately, them, either. We just want to walk on out of here.


Okay. 13.


I would make to make this first one a new feat called Great Weapon Master.


Yeah, I thought you guys hated me. Thought I was doing you a favor by leaving.


Can I insight check him?


Can I get another quick re-rundown of the room? So he was up at the top of the stairs, facing out, not moving and was that wall behind him, or does it go further past him at all?


That's a great trick.


Could-- ah, that's cute. Could the two of you do something fabulous over there?


Captain, how did the current Plank King get to the position that he holds now, do you know?


Okay, I'm going to go up to the middle one and say: Excuse me, big fellow. I have to get by.


Like a thing? Like a person?


Female.


I was looking at the page.


Bad dragons.


Which is a plus 11 attack bonus, and then 5d12 plus two.


I've got a thing, actually, I've got to get to.


I meant 'I run'!


That is really very--


I don't even know that's happening.


Grog, you're too strong! You're too strong, you're just going to kill them all anyway.


We're distance. Anybody gets near them, we take them out.


Gate Stones?


Like a goblin centipede? (Laura, Liam, Travis laugh)


She, thank you. As my Armor of Agathys.


I'm shooting again. Same thing.


Two eights. Holy fuck.


He's going to be like that one scene in Lord of the Rings.


Just exclusive to the live show?


Come here. Tell me more about your father.


What do we even have you here for, I mean?


It's kind of cool.


Go us!


I hold my hand over and pull.


Okay. 16.


Did we need him? Was he useful, too?


I'm sorry my issues have guns.


A little, he could-- a little. Vax? Would you mind? Maybe you'll get some luck with this door.


Cool. (arrow whizzing)


Oh, nudey pictures.


As they're running--


I'll take it. I'm at like two-thirds, I guess?


I don't see this?


They saw through the disguise at the table back in Emon.


Dimension Door!


Can you keep Tiffany busy for, you know, 15 or 20 minutes?


You and me?


This is probably a giant-infested forest.


(jeering) I'm smart! (laughter)


I don't think we're going to be able to move.


I'm saying Lady Allura, that there is essences, there seems to be magical properties to this horn that corrupt even some of the strongest willed individuals.


Oh shit, maybe she will come to him.


I've come to accept it. It's the hand I was dealt.


Okay, that's good.


I see where it came out, right?


And what are your people called? Your group, your cult?


Cornelius, and I apologize for the way I'm dressed right now. I was in the middle of-- well, it's obvious I was making a stew, this really nice vegetable stew, and everything went topsy-turvy so quick, I don't even--


None of us have forgotten.


Ah, Caleb!


Us ladies have to stick together.


I can possibly-- I'll make sure I learn Heat Metal and I can heat the edges of the crossbeam. And then if we can have Grog bring something heavy after we've weakened it.


Do we have light spells?


Oh. Okay. Okay, that's better. Still not gonna be enough. Plus my spell attack bonus? Is that what, how--?


I'm going to wear this for my kids all the time.


Oh my god, Keyleth.


Do you mean 6th-level?


She's definitely sick.


They don't run.


How wide is the whole chamber again?


Well, kind of stupid for not thinking to ask The Gentleman when we met him, but--


Well, let's go look in the open door. Stealthily.


You were so prepared for me to go to the temple that you built it?


Oh, sorry, I probably should've introduced-- by the way, this is my band I've been traveling with, Vox Machina. And Tary. Tary Darrington.


It's a fucking trip, right?


Oh my god, for the love of-- no!


Mine's kind of wonky, can I get a new one? Got a little--


You roll with us.


I liked it.


Captain, may I ask, you knew of this location already. Do you have a lead on another?


Mr. Anderson.


Oh no, we never closed the other door!


We're the prettiest girl in town.


What are you right now?!


Nice, he's dead.


That's a very low DC, because I rolled shit.


Oh, so now we're legit.


What kind of font is it written in?


Oh, shit. That is a new one.


You have been working in a temple.


I have tinkering to do anyway.


I don't mind it. I think I just have an issue with the things that are in it and being under it and I'm going to go to sleep and probably, yeah, throw up a little.


So now you know what we've been dealing with for the past 72 hours. She did help with the death of that dragon. In fact, I doubt we would have survived without her aid. She could have very easily left us there to die.


Take the rope, we start lowering it down there.


We should kill them?


I got 50 gold worth, which was a lot.


I have it. I got it.


Hmm. Let's get weird. Okay.


I definitely want to do that. That sounds great.


I knew I was part of something, but I always thought I was... I've been a storyteller, but I didn't think I was part of the story. And for the last year I've been the story, and it's felt good. But I'm back, and I've given you the information, and you can tell me what you'd like me to do next.


I don't need anything from here. I have everything that I need, so if we need to go, we can go.


Let's do faithful.


Oh! Sorry, I'm having a text romance with Ashley Johnson right now.


The bear surprisingly smells really nice.


What, jesus, I'm right fucking here. Yes, it sucks.


Yeah, this is so wonderful.


We can go into our own rooms and I can fix it if we don't want to tip people off.


Vaxy.


Yep. I have rolled such shit tonight.


Also, while they do that-- I'm sorry.


They were in the closet, nobody wanted them! But now they're coming to use, so suck it up.


But we have Spotify lists to replace them.


Trust.


And this other city, Shumble. Humbal.


I'm writing my name in the path with a stick.


Well, if you can't have an earnest relationship with someone, at least she's got money.


I am dragging Taryon-- and you, if I can drag you as well-- we're walking away.


They'll look like normal trade from the outside. They'll look like they'll be shuttling around food, innocuous items, but there's a magical obfuscation over them.


I mean, are we in a hurry, do we want to try to make this happen tonight?


This is the first time this dice has been rolled, ladies and gentlemen.


Seven. Because I have a negative.


Well, if we don't come back, can't you take the Mistake and go home?


Sometimes when you jump the shark, there's just more sharks there.


Kiki had other things going on.


Okay, it's something.


Acrobatics, acrobatics.


How can you be sure?


Oh we're going to be at Otakon this weekend in Baltimore. Come say hi! We're leaving right after this.


And 19 for Trinket.


And then bamf outta there.


Aren't we always?


We could hold a spelling bee!


It's a big fuckin' headlamp.


We're here, and we've got to go here.


And whimpering, really.


So does it have anything to do with this?


Or just a stone slab? We don't need much. Let's not break the bank.


Okay, I step out of the burning building, sauntering like a badass John Woo film.


I got pants!


Sure, all right. I'll try to make a little needle prick in the bladder and try to pour them into these vials that I got from The Gentleman.


That's dead things, good things, and in-between things?


I would say  Eat shit, you rusty spoon! I don't know.


An hour.


Yes, as a warning to others.


Okay, that's it, I'm done. I would say that probably what I would've done, not knowing any of that, is zip up to go up and then see if the door is shut and go-- and that's the end of my turn.


It's a good thing I only put a little bit in.


Which is where?


Wait, you still have the magic carpet, right?


Yeah, we never use it. We've never ever used it. Ever.


All right. And I walk away.


Stay away from the captain's cheese!


Yeah, jeez, man. No sense of humor right now, he's in shock, all right?


Further back. Like that over there.


It's more of an intermission.


And we have the book? We have the book in the chest? Chest and the book?


You cannot.


But you think that one of the other's spheres is at the bottom of the shipwreck. Not necessarily a temple.


Or we do this, we slow them or whatever, and then--


I'm just passing through here.


We should be so lucky.


The stars?


Oh man, we might get lucky. Marius!


I pull out my journal.


What do I--? I can't leave.


He does a dex save, and he takes 6d6 damage, and the dex save is to see if he's pinned or not.


16. That's a 26 to hit. Yeah, 1d8! Three! Plus four, that's seven. Oh, but wait, there's more! Plus four. 11 points of damage.


And they also catch on fire. They also explode.


Decision's fucking made. Let's go.


With his very dulcet tones.


If we are going to do the Fire Plane, if that is going to happen, then we cannot go until preparations start getting made for the place at which we're going to have this confrontation. We need to pick a point, preferably far from here. Is there a ruined city?


Yes, you should.


Mm-hmm. Just give it a little--


This pains me. This pains me, and it must be put down. This must be put down and finished!


Well, we committed felonies and mail fraud. That's good.


To my question though, are you able to handle yourself in a dangerous moment in any way?


By the way, I suppose I would have said That box is definitely magic. I'd be very careful with that. Yeah, let's be gentle with it. Was it Soma? Mr. Soma?


You're already been arrested today.


How deep is that pool?


What's on your mind, Sam?


Fomora.


Yeah, you can't switch your initiative.


Okay, can I put you back in your scabbard?


I'm going to do that. Still have advantage, right?


The only problem I have with it--


All right. Well then, until the meeting?


Of what I skimmed. I have to actually read it to remember it, and I did not read this entire book.


Even your memory betrays you, Wheaton.


30,000 to 40,000 pieces, that's what I thought. Yep. Thank you.


Trade!


Yes. It's the same spell. I just really need a nap after this. I really need a nap after this. I go back to gather them all.


As big as Keg, yes. Keg's not very big.


Shall we camp in the mansion, then?


No, like you kick your heel forward, like--


Goodnight, all. I am ready for bed.


I'll use my reaction now that the end of the round is over with to make an attack on him.


Oh god, are we going to sink?


All the carts.


Is that the first time you've ever paid full price for anything?


Oi! You're so ugly you entered an ugly contest and they said no professionals! (laughter)


It's our boat? Our boat scouts.


I Percy'd again.


All right, so, how will we deal with Tiffany?


Good. Well then, onward to the beach!


Did you custom mess with this figure? You did, didn't you?


Earthbreaker Groon!


We're gonna get little fey minnows.


Constitution check.


Eventually, yeah.


Yeah, go fuck yourself. That's not the right die is what that is. Let's see, poison damage is-- that's not great. Ten. Ten points of poison. You are awesome! (whooshing)


How long can you maintain a beholder?


Sir Stonefell is the other, and Professor Anders is the other, and then there's one blank one.


Nyquil does some weird shit.


What? What do you mean?


Absolutely. I will do it.


No, I'm fine. I'm perfectly, perfectly fine. I don't need to do any of this.


