Well okay, that's fine. I'm gonna spend a grit point for a deadshot, so I'm gonna get a plus one to hit.


Like a fine instrument, it can go untuned. If you leave a fine violin without playing it for many years, it could wither and rot until you need to replace some of the parts. In a way, the same is true for my member. But the problem here, Jarett, is that I'm distracted. I'm distracted by things that haven't ever distracted me before. I've made a promise to someone to stay alive. I've never valued my own life before and when we get into the shit, I'm second-guessing things. I'm making stupid decisions that I wouldn't have otherwise made.


I need a Turkish delight before I die.


Check?


Oh, that's very good.


You're both 13?


Should we turn him into a goliath, then?


(high-pitched) Hey, there's stuff in the store, you guys! You should go look in the store and see what is there.


Fjord, Fjord.


I don't like any of this. When I was treading water before, was it difficult in armor? Was it--


I just want to know. Is it munitions? Is it meat? Is it booze?


How long is that chain on the axe?


Down the hall, to clear out the fog.


We're not taking apart the bear.


Okay. What's a good elven name? What's something common in Elven? You were around this stuff. All of my people have weird tribal names. What's good?


Okay, could you lead me and my penis towards them now?


Are you? Is it strength-based? Oh.


Yeah, it is. You look trustworthy.


5000 gold is a hundred pounds?


Well, so you have dances, though? Did you do to raise morale? Do you and Jamedi do one together?


Delilah might be Vecna, and all this, there are ziggurats everywhere, and we're so dumb because we've probably seen several ziggurats, and they're all on these massive ley lines, and I give him a whole dialogue.


I'm not on the carpet.


How did you and Kylre meet?


That attacked us, you mean.


Might be. Did you find anything underneath? Any remnants of that explosion, package, shrapnel, anything like that?


Wait, persuasion--I don't have--oh, wait. I have a zero. Eight.


You have a gnome shoe empire?


Our comic on Wednesday.


He can't.


No, I'm sorry. I lied to you.


She gave you 5000 gold before?


I'm out of the game.


Sure, we'll definitely stay here, then. Definitely be here the whole time.


Can we do that? Can we find pressure points and take him down with acupressure?


We're jumping in a bouncy funhouse over here! We're having a grand old time!


Very kind of you.


I'm grabbing a little muck, putting it on my face, getting all-- I could just go down if you like.


Well, how about we don't move at all right now?


Can you show me the one way?


This seems a bit far.


Me in the middle.


WTSFox, thank you. TonyLoneFight. "You are all so amazing, thank you so much for sharing this, I hope this donation helps."


Oh, shit. (laughter)


Yeah, with Flametongue.


This? I will taste it. I will lick the safe.


Fuck the robes.


(whispers) Send an iPad with Pike on it. (all laugh)


Plus two. Gets me to 21. I need a natural 20. Luck. No. Okay.


We could potentially jump out the window too.


And it was the same. (laughs)


Oh shit! (all laugh)


Yes! Just a little bit of like-- just keep them guessing like "Did I say something? Did I do something? Was I a bad kisser?"


You say had.


We're a little banged up, but we're fine.


A Voltron?


You know, Nott, I agree with you. The most important thing is getting the people who are in that basement. The most important thing. You've always got to improvise.


Unless it's him. He could come back from the dead or something. He's done it before.


Let's also recap which plan we're going with. One of us creating a diversion and running away, or these mystical, magical--


I go, oh, fuck that. I don't know if that's true, and I'm going to do a flurry of blows and do two, pop-pop. That's unarmed, right? Pop-pop.


Good idea.


It's so dapper in here!


Oh, I'm with Pike. (laughter)


Oh! Negative two strength, right.


It won't be the same. I know it sounds silly, but I created him. And he's just mechanical, but I feel like he understood me better than anyone else.


I had said I was going to shoot the orb.


No, Grog jumped off a roof and died.


I'm sorry, I'm so new here. I was just hoping to acclimate myself and perhaps--


Is Nott glowing in any kind of way that I am not used to?


I think it's true, I'm cramping. I'm cramping already. It could be the crab that bit me.


Well, I'm going to do it in that opening right there. Look at that. I guess I can't, because--


No wings, just the tail and the claw.


Well, we're about to get into it, yeah?


Can I borrow it?


Oh, it's totally dark because of what you just did.


With the hand-cone?


He won't even know why he was dead, though. We didn't even to tell him it was from the Ruby of the Sea.


It's going to be good. It's got some good shit in it, been looking at the edits. So yeah. Go watch.


That was all in our heads?


No, I don't -- I was born in a place like this. I don't want anything to -- I'm going to give myself a little (grunt). Sir, there's -- (vomit). I'm going to go for it right in his face.


I think the lock's picked.


We'll have to do it in the morning.


Can we see under the water? How's our perc--


80.


In full view of Jester, I reach into my pocket and take what's left of the mud and just-- Then I storm off towards our original shitty inn.


And just scatter to different areas so he has to look around.


Good job, you fucking wastes of space. They didn't even get to fucking go.


I can help a little, if--


Where are you, Scanlan?


Anyway, I have some abilities that I'd like to use on these bad people.


Can I read your diary, then? Is that all right?


Does it look like the ropes have been cut?


But not healed with a healing thing.


Let it go.


It's like having Goofy as a party member. (all laugh)


Just breathe it in.


I can stay, I can stay awake too, I'm okay.


A ways.


I take a torch out of the Bag of Holding and I take the Firebrand War Hammer, ignite it, and hand the torch to Percy.


Scanning the land and the trees around, doing a quick once-over of the close area.


Checking for traps. Past-- I'll go up to the sigil.


I'll amend my proposition to this. I'm not sure what that word means.


It's a tenuous ally at best. Maybe we shouldn't discuss it until we're 100% sure about it.


@CriticalRole is on twitter.


He's just trying to get you in trouble.


Yeah, she could be straight up like, "Nope!"


That guy. That is a 17 for me.


Stealthing to the side.


We killed a whole bunch of gnolls for them.


I had a vision!


Since I can't move, I'm gonna-- my movement, my minor is gonna be just fixing my-- yeah, so.


Kyor and Hunin? Okay.


(screams) 26. Minus five is 21.


Strength check?! He's got 25 strength now!


I can use a little-- yeah.


Both. It's 15 feet from me. Yeah, it's from me in a 15-foot cube.


But let me know where they are and I'll get a hold of them. But don't let them know why yet.


That's right, because sentinel! (cheering)


We have Darkvision.


Oh no, here they come.


Yeah, but I'm giving you a really detailed description!


What I like is that there are 8 of us and 1 of him.


Only the pure of heart make their answer out of riddles. Back to the tavern.


Oh, that's not so bad.


11 plus one lightning damage, because I suck!


(moans in pain) I'm a leper.


Right. I'll hold off on that.


And I will pick him up, with his blessing.


Oh no, I shot the wrong guy!


I'm pulling out the sword. And I'm going to fucking town, screaming like a little girl the entire time.


I wouldn't risk it.


No. I'm allergic.


No, you're not. Okay, I'm gonna hail, I'm gonna-- hail of arr-- no, yeah, Hail of Thorns? At level three.


Someone's unconscious and we can't tell that they're unconscious.


Oh god! I pull an arrow and aim it right at her head.


Do I have any movement, or is that it? Probably getting up is my movement.


Yes, let's let all the other dwarves out, and maybe give them some food to try to help them out, if we can.


Would you like us to follow you, Your Majesty?


All right, I'm going to shoot the shadow form.


I kind of like it here.


He's making eye contact and rolling a die, like it means something.


I shove Keyleth at him. Fix that, good god.


That's besides the point.


Otherwise, you'll burn alive on a roof.


We should try it now.


She made 15 gold pieces down there out of nothing.


No, that's not right at all.


Thanks, Beau.


Make sure you stay within 60 feet of me.


Oh, that's what that means.


What's the name of that--


I love that we have Percy in our group.


No, sometimes when he stares at you and doesn't say anything, he is talking to you, though. So that's a fair question.


You can't get close enough to anybody on that map to use it.


Or we could let the dude die, but I'm already doing it.


Get it, get it!


Okay, so let me go over this, then. We have no form of payment of any kind planned in advance. We don't know if this woman has done anything besides being a snide puppy-hater.


One day at a time, right?


Well, that's everything I needed.


It was nice being in a couple.


Apparently eating less of my bacon, motherfucker.


Would you care to have a chat?


I think mostly gnomes, but I'm pretty sure there are other people. I don't know. I've never been here. I've only heard stories.


The first one was a natural 20.


Do I, with the evasion?


Ow, what are you doing?


Pretty sure we're playing this outdoors in Miami right now.


-- Lou Ferrigno-ing, I'm going to cast Heat Metal.


She really is. She's always asking questions that are weird.


I can't find the DC. Where did the DC go?


Of all the things.


He's better at blowing up than you are, dear.


Emphasis on "THOK". (laughter)


Dolphins with lasers.


Arsequeef will take care of it.


It was the runic things in the sarcophagus that set off that blast, not the leather itself?


It is largely GoFiBePo?


Yeah. It's a lot of wiggling of your hips, and it looks pretty cool.


I was going to see if I could put a Blade Barrier on top of the hole, so once the fire's in there, they can't get out.


Ten? Ten sparklers or ten poppers?


Her fucking arm's in it. Jester is grabbing naked yuan-ti guy.


That's right. Three times I can do it in a day. Fancy me.


Are you wearing your armor?


Oh, really, you're going to leave us down here? Fucking high-born piece of shit?


Since I'm the closest, can I step up into the doorway and see what I see?


If we rest, I may be able to make them.


All right, that's interesting.


Were pen pals a thing for you? Is that why you like penmanship?


I take a brief moment with the dodecahedron before handing the bag back to Jester.


Well, we may need a nap before we go down there.


Wait, hang on. That first thing you said.


Except when he doesn't.


No, he knows the cipher.


Hold on, this is stupid.


(Grog voice) Six. It said six.


It was a worg. Who almost absconded with my boyfriend, Aldor. And at the last minute I interceded.


He took the stone! Are you taking the stone?


Perception or-- what are we?


I'm thoroughly impressed.


Doesn't it feel good?


You know, Vex, we have sort of told the sovereign that we are interested keenly in the security of this area, and if this is an unsecured house, we could just be going in to try to secure it.


If you can do this quickly, Keyleth, because we need to hide these bodies.


Well, nobody knows what it is.


It might be smart, but that might be--


They're not locking.


Thank you so much. Come back to me, dear.


(disbelieving laughter) It is not what I wanted. Thank you. Thank you. I need to see my sister. And I head off towards the exit.


Sees them?


Are there any man-made tunnels that will grant us access into the volcano without burning us alive?


Listen, don't be smug with me. None of us what to be here or cooperate with this stupid event just to abide your laws.


Yeah. I'm establishing that and then Trinket can do his moves.


You don't know man, I went through the portal, handled my business like a champ.


Yes, I was. I was living a new life, as I told you I would. I was finding myself and becoming someone.


There is another door over there. Let's get to that door.


Yes, I have questions about it as well.


Some ancient tome which suddenly answers everything.


I'm going to tie one on. Thanks.


Oh, that's a Final Fantasy VII Materia rogue.


The inside of his mouth is so pretty (muffled yelling).


It's a bunch of gold and jewels.


Yeah, great, thanks!


Yeah, yeah, come here, you. Do you have a tub? Do you have a bath? Look at me. Do you have a bath? I need a bath.


One of us is going to die that night, and I don't mean a character.


Why would she come out of the room?


This is the rest of my turn. I already used it to inspire Grog.


Well, if you can keep eyes off of me for a moment, I can do that if you like.


I'm only wearing that if it helps.


It's like a kid with a soft mustache that's not like a real-- you know, like a--


It's okay, this is a concentration spell. I can keep doing it. I'm not blowing spells on it.


I don't know that. Do I know that? Would I know that?


Is that fellow who's enveloped in schmutz right next to Grog?


We can't be insects, we can only be animals.


Yeah, no, I'm being honest. Because if I know there's a little kid running around, and if you're fucking tracing the damn thing, I want to know that I can put a hand out.


Thanks Curt!


All right, I'll sing to you and-- are you gonna use a dice?


Whoa. Glad we did that. (all laugh)


I own more than your tribe owns.


She's fucking hot.


I mean, that'd be nice, wouldn't it?


I grab a few!


All right. Advantage. That’s awesome.


But we're still scared of it.


Neither has Trinket.


Hi, Hi. I am Tyriok. I make maps.


Is it a rakshasa?


(sings) You shake my nerve--


And they are professional bargainers, and I know we're missing something.


We all die together.


Life or death. Here we go.


Not the chapter of the story we were expecting. (laughter)


If I'm going to be throwing tar at this thing, maybe I should have it.


Yeah, they thought Vox Machina were assholes.


Well, I don't want to be the only one. I'll make myself a disheveled brunet-looking guy with a sick-ass goatee.


I've got to go toward the trapdoor. Can I go through that door?


There's more than one dragon, and they are supporting each other.


(yelling) This. Is. Vox Machina! ...Town.


Most people just say thank you! Dick.


You made up songs, then?


So I'm just going to run up and be like, stupid! I'm going to try and stomp it.


Excellent. This is called a bath.


I start taking robes out.


And we fought a devil.


You could always try following them.


I just want to take a nap or a cozy sit-down.


We've gotten holy oil before. I just can't remember from where.


All right, bye!


Oh no. They're coming. (whispering) They were about to look in this direction, but they weren't quite looking in that direction when we dragged the body out.


This is about as in as we get with the Many.


Just from the attack of opportunity?


We'll come get you later tonight.


I think it's 2d8?


It smells like shit. Like a giant fucking locker down shit in here.


Percy, what if instead of a seat, what if it was like I was straddling it, and there were two little things like footholds?


It's also hot. Is it hot there?


I don't have a Bag of Holding! I weigh 14 pounds! I can't hold that much gold! Gold is heavy!


Well, it's-- I'm an outdoorsy type.


It's all right, buddy!


Are any of those books of an arcane nature, because I'm also looking?


That is awesome.


A crazy statue of a crazy illithid.


Mini pole-vaulting?


They have to make a dex saving throw or they take--


If we try and cover the wagon tracks as much as we can, then follow the embankment and try and ride the horses and the cart along the water, it'll hide our tracks as we move northward.


Is it the thing? Is it The Bag?


Storms, yes. Storms and winds.


Oh really, I can parkour it? Yeah!


Coffee jello.


Yes. Well, the eyes in it, yes.


Really similar.


This is Ornna I assume.


Do we want her to have anything pre-cast? I don't think Duplicity will matter, but maybe a Spiritual Weapon already called up?


Just because we're in a keep does not mean we are safe.


From above. Yes, as the first attack.


That was close, I'm not going to count it. This is the one Sam gave me, so we'll see.


We keep finding dead skeletons.


Well yeah, but this is very loud. It would draw things up here.


Let's head to those little buildings off the corner there.


Plus I did Reckless, so.


Which of the two is reviled most?


No, it's not fun at all. You find whatever piece of cloth you can and wrap yourself in it and some mud and that's your bed. It's terrible.


We just did.


They kind of instill me with their knowledge.


Okay, I'll take a step towards her and I will try-- it's never worked for me, it probably won't work. I'll try Eyebite on her.


Oh no. I would use a Caleb bonus action to dry heave and then I will use my action to cast Fire Bolt towards the rat by Yasha.


I appreciate it.


You'll chop off your own leg--


Yeah, if we feel anything, let's go, okay. Got the gold? Let's go. Let's go.


Yeah. Sure, sure, yeah. Yeah.


Have they had water?


We shouldn't yell, Grog.


Up to you. All right.


It's so slow.


Is it? It's not a crit, right?


God fucking damn it. Stop it.


Well, remember we were trying to leave no trace? Caleb was the architect of the plan, and there was a scroll that looked like it might have some magic to it, and he wanted to take it with.


No, I have not done mine.


Just once? Can I stun it?


Okay. Thorbir is going to-- I'm sorry. 16.


Say it so confidently.


(singing) --bad blood!


I thought you said that was because of the aloe vera.


Is that possible?


The closest tree that we've ever been to was the one we used to get to Draconia, but I don't know how close Draconia is to him. I can try and scry on where they are and look and see for the biggest tree myself and pop out right there.


I'd like take a chance to say, here, that when I went into this dragon, I was lost, and a wanderer. As I am shat out its side, I come forth a paladin of the Raven Queen. I have multiclassed and leveled up. And the last thing I'm thinking as I shoot out this hole in its side is: if you have any wings to lend me, now is the time.


It could be useful.


I fucking knew it.


I feel like it's if Nott was going for a Bowie vibe.


How about Pike talks to them?


This is very complicated.


How far is this person?


There's only so many burdens we're expected to bear before we're asking for failure.


It's got a bar in the middle.


I don't know, a good time, a bit of adventure. Maybe a bit of both.


If I can clock that, I would like to leave the head, move off into the shadows, and assume my older man form.


I stand and watch for a moment.


It's not behind us!


You and Frumpkin?


Who were the two guys that said that they passed out trying to get away from the creepy, ancient facility?


Ugh, farts.


Ooh, good object work.


Actually, there's an empty stomach, isn't there?


You know, the V.


Within The Clasp. Who does he report to in The Clasp?


Does he get advantage, however, because he is speaking Giant and he's in the cold?


Or three of 'em, yeah.


Okay. Gladly.


How far can I move in one?


To drop off the evil book and do a little research on the Nine fucking Hells.


Okay. I need to stay alive. Who's close to me in a 30-foot radius? And who's looking rough?


I thought it was Bugs Bunny, but you did Woody Woodpecker.


We both play AI.


You're going to get it, Grog. You're going to do it. I have faith in you.


We've traveled four days to the south to the Wuyun Gates.


Why do you need to know so many things?


Can I use detect evil?


No, I just turned it inside out, and all this shit poured out.


I'm going to try to open the back door.


You always say yes to putting your dick in--


Yep. I mean, I think.


Matt, how do you deal with writer's block, and when can we expect Trinket plushies?


I feel very nostalgic for some reason as she's doing this. This is very comfortable for me.


Find anything, Percy?


It's okay. 17.


I'm going to do something insane. I've got some plans.


Thank you. This flower--


So 7 points.


Well, I think that she should die. I'm just kidding. (laughter)


Is there any way to see what is in the urns? Like just have a peeksies.


Oh wait! That's another!


I'm so surprised by what's happening. I use Intimidating Presence on her.


One of the Vestiges is in Marquet.


I'm all right.


Pike, I need you to tell me before I come around this corner and see.


I grab her.


20 total.


Should we interrogate them first? Find out more about your family?


Oh, Percy, well.


And what happened to them?


You're probably doing him a favor, all right? He'll wake up in the morning. No one will be here. He'll start his life, it'll be a new chapter. It'll be fine.


Well, I mean she said that dogs should be fed to the larger ones.


I just hired her.


Everyone's reading highlights.


You're looting him before he--


But he's awake, right?


We're friends.


You know, they get it.


I'm going to keep an eye out for anybody that looks like they're noticing us too much, anything.


How far am I from the thing?


Here's the thing. Some of us have weapons that we don't want to pass away to other people, so how much of a chance is it that we could get through without having to do that, you know?


It depends. If you’re just handing money off to an assassin. If it’s a lowly level person, might not need much. Doesn’t need to be the whole amount. Just needs to be a payment, maybe.


If you want one. Do you want one? No, Fjord's good.


Okay. So I will--


Do we have proof? What do we have?


Journey songs. Go check them out.


No, not anymore.


Then I pull the cape around me and I Dimension Door.


Can you still do some sort of resurrection?


I would like to be more than 150--


You'll never mean nothing in this world!


Oh shit. Oh god, we did not-- pretty sure you said that last time, before you turned into Chef Boyardee.


We're pretending that there's a bath.


(door squeaking sound) I push?


Say it. All trees look the same.


Making their way down.


But dire.


Yeah. Dread Pirate Roberts of the Vecna. She came from Wildmount, where Vecna originated. She came here for research.


We're going to make this right. We're going to-- the machine will run again. All of this will work again.


I'm on the edge, doing polearm duty, like croc hunting.


Like fish in a barrel.


Never stop being yourself. You empower others to be themselves - oh, okay, now I'm just reading, like - (all laugh)


Stay clear of Baumbauch. They're dicks.


And just put it gently at her back, going, nothing personal. I'm just feeling a bit nervous.


(sound of impact)


It's like a piss stream!


Yes, Vater.


No, I really would like to be a kitty cat.


I was about to say, you've been thinking about it, and the answer is no.


Yes, one of the same, yes!


Right, and if nobody recognizes you-- Do you remember any of the guards that were in town that you could make yourself look like specifically?


Adella.


First roll two. Second roll 18.


We'll put them in the pit and then we'll cover it up. Gimme a hand.


While you were selling stuff on the black market, Keyleth and Freddie here have been building this system. They built it. In all the major cities, they can get out an alarm.


What’s the price on that?


Pick something pretty.


Spiderman.


(whispers) Did you get me away from-- because I--


You shouldn't be Burt Reynolds, you should be Hugh Hefner from now on.


Hi Grog.


This guy has to make an intelligence saving throw.


No, I run.


Reconnaissance!


She's got this. I'll move it over just to make him all soak-y in it anyway. It's not going to-- I can't move him. It doesn't control him, right?


And then add your six.


Do I know the fella?


Oh, yeah, sorry-- did we not--


Kaitiaki. And I drop to my knees and drop down and--


Well, it's a barn, ja?


I bet you guys clock in at like just below average--


Are any of these symbols mirrored in the frame itself? Is there a mirror of any of these symbols in the frame?


No, he does this when he needs to go poo. I've seen him do it.


Thank god you're helping me. Just perception? 20 total.


I was just thinking it'll be a way of getting the skull out of the house tonight.


Wow, thanks Keyleth.


And it's difficult terrain.


I don't know, I just had this weird aneurysm just hit my brain, I'm not entirely sure what it was.


It's horrible!


Why did we get mimosas and just go shopping on our girls' day? I feel like we got robbed.


He could rat us out to the dragons.


So that is that. Oh, man, this is great. So there's that, and then I have the psychic. That's right here, so damage is-- oh, my god-- 11 and then I double that.


Oh, shit! Sorry, sorry! I don't know how this stuff works!


It looks small now. Everything looks tiny.


Really?!


And you guys should know that you should go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole. Promo code this week, to celebrate the arrival of Taryon Darrington to Critical Role, please use code "Tary", that's T-A-R-Y, for 10% off your first month's order. We at Loot Crate welcome Taryon Darrington and look forward to his adventures. He totally isn't the worst. Definitely not the worst character to ever appear on Critical Role. Actually, we've changed our mind. Please use the code "criticalrole". (all laugh)


Oh, that was eight plus seven is 15!


Oh. Great. Well, before you do that, hold on.


Yeah I come out of the water and communicate it.


The spirit of Critmas.


You know, you are already a river to your people.


Yeah, it's good. It's good. I like it.


Oh! Miss.


Can I cast something else?


Yes they are. Years of use.


Looks like a seven. Nope, that's a one.


It's like a genie.


I know. You said, "Don't look at it," and I haven't looked at it.


That's as far as I can go.


There's not a lot of people that can get over there.


You know men are fickle and when I-- I'll have a talk with him.


Do we recognize this person?


Okay, I still get two attacks, right?


Ish. That's all we can be, is ish. Okay?


That's cool, okay, good to know.


You've told us very vague amounts about your family.


That's actually true.


Well, of course, but I'm drunk and bloody.


Whew! I lived.


I would assume not.


We have more appointments as well. Much to do today.


Am I high enough that I can see where the pipes are coming in at?


Okay. I'm going to move up to where I'm lined up with all of that row, so this whole shebang right here.


The heartburn is not distracting it?


Yes, this is what we've built towards.


I'm looking. I'm going to hold my wire up to my mouth.


Yeah, he's not going to leave his nest.


I'm giving Vax my gatestone.


Mm-hm, and I cast Alter Self, and I turn to--


But, wait weren't the--


Believe me, you sexually? You repulse me.


Did you reach the bottom?


Lou Ferrigno-ing.


You know, it's a little esoteric for me. A little experimental. A little Gaga-esque.


Plus what? Say again?


You've got this. Focus in. You got it.


That's not great. 12?


Am I at zero hit points and stable, or one hit point and stable?


Both kills! Both of them!


The Alpha team is laughing right now.


33. (laughter)


Oh, are they giants? Are they more fucking giants?


I'm 18 to 30.


Just meaning when she was teaching.


That hits, yeah.


Thanks, bubby.


It would usually-- you know, she'd come tuck me into bed, late at night, afterwards. Sometimes I would already be asleep, but she'd come in and say, "I'm just saying good night to you, love." Then she would go, and then we'd wake up, and sometimes we'd have breakfast, but sometimes we wouldn't and then sometimes she was gone for a few days at a time because the people here, they don't really want to know about their daughters or anything like that. So I would stay hidden, she would tell me to, and then sometimes she'd be free and then we could have lunch or something.


Right, so no.


I've never looked so intensely at a little plastic toy.


Pick some flowers.


Can I muscle my way through?


Is that everybody's?


And also I'm going to change my Robe of Many Things to my new Robe of Many Things.


Is this a spell?


Yeah baby.


I run up with Trinket to the guards.


That's all I needed to know.


No! I mean, 12 on the third one.


I'll make my way another quarter way around the house so I can see Yasha and Molly, and I'll say: Go ahead, I'll keep an eye out. I can see both.


Just buy all this shit.


All right. Wait, did we have to go make a trip to anyone else's homeland? How's Whitestone?


Dis is two.


It's hurt.


I've got mine for a Disney trip later this week.


No, my robe is good. It's thin, but it's high thread count. It's very good.


It sounded like that, but I can't see shit down here. Zahra, you were able to see?


What, to use his power like that? I want to ask The Traveler if he knows how to do that, because I wonder if he could make me do that.


I have to take care of them or else they'll stop working, of course.


You've been gone a while.


Well, this got uncomfortable really quickly.


Or stubborn.


I rolled a 23 arcana check on Thorbir's jeweled knife that he gave me.


Quickly, I like this detail. Open up.


I'm sorry, we're quite new in town, unfortunately, my companion and I. We are from Port Damali, where we are trying to put down our business roots here. I'm sorry, does Vandren and his crew, do they make shipments here regularly? It's one of my return clients.


That halved? No, that's not halved. Sorry-- brain!


Moonlight, at this point?


The beholder.


Do you have any ale?


Because here's the thing, I have an ability where I can use Geas. And cast Geas on him, and I basically give him a command and he'll essentially become our big--


I've already seen such scaring things!


You go, you go.


Nott, did you have any of those trinkets, like my jade bracelet, in your bag?


Hey, hep cat, yes. I'm wanting to get a beat on the vibe. Yes, I think we need to hear what people are saying. In the privacy of their homes, maybe. Do some snooping.


I will come, as well, to make sure Keyleth doesn't kill anyone.


No, you make jokes, but I want to go into your room for a second and talk to you.


Jesus H. Macy!


Are they still good?


I turn right.


I had a really quick announcement before we get back into the game. The winner is Paula Konito, so congratulations--


Wow, that's shitty. That's a shitty low-level spell use, Matt Mercer. (laughter)


Oh. He may have heard.


Nope. Gun's broken.


She's the fucking worst.


Do you still want to be an eagle?


Okay. That is 16.


Nobody likes to hear other people's dreams. It's really boring.


When we get 20 feet away from it, 15 feet away from it, I'm going to cast Unseen Servant and hand him my whip. Tell Scanlan Two: buddy, I need you, but not right away. When this whip falls, come in the room.


What what what!


Eight. That's a number.


It's all right. At least I wasn't discarded all that time.


Wait, the hydra? Or the thing?


For Hold Person, does it un-paralyze him if we hit him?


Hey, guys, can you see me?


You roll a d8. You can roll up to 11d8, plus two for each time.


Is there only one guard?


Saunter.


I just wanted to ask you about someone you might know.


He's being quiet.


It's a little stronger than I remember it.


If Grog is close, we still need to get out of the way of these 30 people. So let's go hide.


Nott's all caught up. I say  Crap. Fire. And two more bursts of Eldritch Blast to the gator holding Nott.


There's also something that tells me that I can unlock the mysteries.


You could read it out loud you know.


And then I go, "That was a good idea!" And then I spend three sorcerer points and I hock a fireball (fwoosh) at all those fuckers, too.


If it would make you feel better, you can do whatever you like, but I think it's just a tickle.


Can't die twice in a row.


Oh yeah. Wait, what?


I'm so bored.


This is the best this armor has smelled in weeks! (all laugh)


Can we get those weapons, somehow?


And his name is Yenk?


Grog, you've had two weapons speak to you--


No, yeah, everyone looks to the same--


Well, I'm doing it, as well.


Sorry, buddy.


Is my mantle helping with the heat?


Are you going to kill me with it? (laughter)


(whispering) Wait, I shoot--


If it's all right, I'm going to peruse a bit.


I'm outside of-- If you went far enough, you'd see me.


Okay and I'm going to do reckless on this.


I'm going to move away. I'm going to use my 30 feet and take an attack of opportunity as I do.


Roughly how much time has passed since we went from--?


Alive!


Thank you. I need that tree as well, let's take that down to-- want to help me with this before your nap or after?


Thank God.


No, but we're in the-- oh shit. She's not there.


And we leveled up.


Are you going to do that?


I'm really sorry.


I feel like we're suddenly talking about your problems.


And bring back my lifeless body and show her how weak her father is. That's what she saw. I made a promise, and I broke it, and you proved it to her. And I wish you hadn't meddled in my affairs. I don't have... I don't have many things that I care about, and I don't have anything that cares about me.


And I rolled a one!


Yeah, we're staring from the top of the stairs at all of it happening.


I like your face more than your antlers, but both are nice, dear.


What do we do? Is that the end of the ritual?


Rolled one, which makes me a two.


Already done.


The kid is very smart.


Oh, we did? We went all the way down?


Quickly? Efficiently?


Which is not the direction where Raishan is.


Who is your favorite character on the show?


And that's a spell, correct?


Some things just have to be expressed with the human body.


Poor little horsie.


Sync-minute. [music]


Pike saved you.


We've been in here under an hour. Probably not much time left, but under an hour, right? Since we arrived?


Wow. Thank you, sir!


We're running out of time.


It was-- it's magical. I found it in the goblin city. Studded leather armor, plus two.


Okay, that's intimidation. Intimidation is minus two.


Do we have to pick right now or can we-- oh wow, those are two different directions (laughs).


Oh no! Natural 20!


At this point, I grab my sister and I say, Come on, we're going to check the cells. And we look at every single one of them.


And that they can come work in Whitestone.


Yeah, like one round, single shot?


I'll tell you what. Obviously whatever went down-- we're going to just go make sure everything's copacetic back at the boat. We'll be back in just a couple minutes. Just going to make sure everything--


(funny voice) Uncanny Dodge?


I tend to have that effect on people.


Let's make camp before we completely lose light this time.


No regrets.


Yeah, most of them. I have 20 hit points total right now.


Yes. You can read them, but don't sign them. How about that?


No. Why?


I'm sorry, that's--


Oh good, two potions! Vanessa--


Probably Stark.


Vasselheim.


Oh yeah, did we rummage through the bodies? Let's rummage through those bodies.


Do you have any spells that use rubies or emeralds? What about you, Caleb?


Does it fly?


Yes, but you're also not a vain dragon who just had one of its allies taken out in this very city. These dragons are going to have a huge vendetta against Westruun now.


That's better. 17.


Oh, I think it's 60 feet? I bet that's wrong. It is 120 feet.


Yes! Heavy metal when Yasha talks!


If we can work together, I would like to accompany you to this temple you speak of. I would like to see it find its resting place.


And who were you fighting against? You, we?


JB. Welcome to the family.


What if it rips? I don't think it's a good idea.


Just a fuck-- just a minute!


It's kind of magnificent. Yeah!


Oh man, you the real MVP.


Don't worry, it came out of my pocket.


I would have known, as a dragon expert, that he's not a fucking animal, then. Whatever.


I thought it was just for his special stuff.


Pike, is there any way you can get through this stone wall to the other side to see what's there?


Well, it went that way. We should go.


Is that a time of plant?


What's the easiest tent to get to without--


Sometimes it gets there, well, 20 minutes here or there.


Actually, I posted that video today on twitter that one of the Critters posted and I retweeted it of Laura and Travis doing their motion-capture for Halo 5. Which guys, you should definitely check out Halo 5. Travis and Laura are both in the game.


Holy shit. You're that guy. (all laugh)


1d4 + five.


We should check that out before we go.


Maybe if you washed it every now and then it would have a slightly different--


Some people make tea. I'm going to head in.


To an "any inside."


She's crazy all right.


I don't know if it's magic or anything, Grog, so you might want to have Tiberius have a look at it.


That's okay. She's down. What am I going to do? I'm not even going to pretend. I'll burn a point of grit to also ignore that.


I'm gonna long rest now.


I'm happy to make it 1d12.


Oh god. What if Vasselheim is a show of power?


This is-- in my daughter's campaign of eight-year-olds, all the girls are like, "Can I have a pet?" It's just like that with these two.


Could I use my movement to Crossfit my way up?


Except that they told them their real names. And where they're staying.


Do I smell anything in the-- no, it smells like breakfast. Fuck it. I go back downstairs. (laughter)


He's an illusionist, Laura.


Get that manual.


Hold on, I've piqued Tary's interest over there.


You've just described every environment that life can manifest in.


Before we give Desmond his appointment as a royal messenger, which I guess he is, would the kingdom-- he risked much to keep himself alive and possibly to testify on our behalf-- would the kingdom be willing to give him a quick little reward for his time spent in captivity?


(whispering) I think that's a yes.


Come on, Yenk!


Sherri? It was Sherri, right?


So here's the first. The first is 24.


Peace out.


I can ignore it, I ignore three-quarters cover.


I say we wake up early. It's going to be dusk in less than an hour.


I will not say no to it.


I lift with Pike the big manhole cover.


23. 22.


Nope. Four.


We have urgent business-- what are you drawing there?


Oh shit. I go invisible.


Six more is 15.


Okay, before we leave, I want to hang back just for a sec, and, hey, Slenderman. You seem a nervous type. You keep to yourself, do you?


I do a quick look. Both ends of the alleys and on the windows around the area.


Yeah! Okay. (counts quietly) 22. Yeah, 22.


I am very smart.


I'm just a peasant boy. You wouldn't kill a harmless peasant boy.


Caleb is laughing quietly in the dark.


Amazing roll.


As an action.


Victor, I was hoping you would have some black powder for sale.


Get into the town.


I'll throw a Cure Wounds at each of you. Just to get that out of the way.


Crash Pandas, of course, done by the same guy, Grant Howitt, who did Honey Heist. You can download all of his games for free. Search his Patreon and support him, because he makes free games for people. That's a nice thing to do with your life.


We're not doing Hero's Brunch?


That's what I was gonna do, is tell somebody to get Pike over here real quick.


They actually said that, as well. They were talking about how amazing I am. (laughter)


I would've thought there'd be a little container--


I mean, I would want that if I was a god.


(maniacal laughter) You're going to get yours, oh yes.


I think i'm going to-- Oh god-- We don't want all the magic in one place. That seems like a bad idea. I think I'll pull off and hug the wall to the left and get as far back from that corner as I can.


We can put them somewhere else.


Yeah, that's 19, so that's 6d6.


I'm going to go ahead and cast some bullshit on that.


Yeah, we're the O-O-G.


I am. It is 11.


It's an orchid business.


How about mac 'n' cheese?


Pop pop. For both of them.


Swim away. I'll hold your hand as I walk away on the water.


Tapioca, yeah.


On our father's good name, we will bring you some of this. That is a promise.


You don't have to get involved in this.


Before.


Hi! Yes, we weren't talking!


Except for that motherfucker.


Ah! I forgot you were with us!


D&D Beyond did not want me to sing a song, so I have one. [laughter]


Did a group thing.


If the people look like you and Caleb, they probably need it.


She's not? Oh.


Am I in the room by myself?


No, he was disguised as Gilmore.


I can see him.


We're in a boat.


You keep your shield in your ass?


Don't you get an attack of opportunity?


Very solid.


How much do you know about the dragon attacks that have been raging across the world?


Did you roll twice?


Blind it. No, I don't know.


Do we take a boat now? Or do we find some dolphins and ride out majestically?


Oh, 14 plus five-- 19.


Regular gnoll.


Take a seat, big guy.


That is a lot. 20-something. 24 to hit. Again.


You want to go in and secure us some rooms, and I'll watch the carriage. Figure out if there's somewhere else we need to keep it?


See how tough he is?


Just vape at each other.


Not yet. I go, hey, look at the laboratory, guys. What do you think? Scanlan, it looks like you're impressed.


I forgot we didn't have it.


Good teamwork, good teamwork!


You didn't lead with that.


Stay away from the insect cloud.


This I'm good at. One. (laughter)


I'm taking Trinket for a walk. For dookies.


By the way, for any future guests who want to come on the show, we don't normally treat our guests this way.


I cast Friends on him and I tell him, "You know of our Keep, don't you?"


Two in a row.


Roots.


Maybe we should go investigate just in case there's an early warning system or something, and there's someone in there watching us?


Yeah, so if you'd like to see me GM, I do a show called High Rollers every Sunday at 5:00pm UK-time. I think it's like 9:00am PST? That's on twitch.tv/Yogscast. We just finished our first two-and-a-half-year campaign, but on July 1st, we're starting our brand new campaign.


It's good to know I'm gambling that away if--


That's important because I switched the Transmuter's Stone away from darkvision, so I cannot see in low light, so it's got to be guiding lights for me.


Well, he also had a bunch of people chained to the wall, and this was after my vision being slammed through several walls. It seemed to be very deep in the labyrinth that is the embassy, which seems like a labyrinth.


Harder to fit in what we want to--


Will it?


Yeah but, I mean, I haven't stepped in lava in a while. Doesn't mean that's something I should right now.


We do. We have the mansion.


I'm going to hit rock?


It's what's-his-name. It's Liam Neeson.


Dealt a little bit with each person.


Here you are.


I just saw Jester open her purse. Dear--!


He looks giddy, he looks giddy, it's great.


I know, I used it at the fight that you didn't want to fight in.


Ugh, two minutes.


Drink run. Drink and run.


Does Seeker Asum get a save now that he's been hit, to shake that charm?


Throw it in the orb!


I doubt that we could find anything of more value that what we have already brought you.


(eager snarling continues)


Do we want the gray clouds to go away?


Well, do you want to work on one beam and I can maybe do a focused soldering on the other?


Everyone, we need to go inside.


You know just because you know about your past doesn't mean you have to be beholden to it.


No, god damn it.


It's easy. I'll be there and back in two seconds.


This is sexy.


Okay, I use my movement to get back up. Do I also get an attack for doing that?


We have some things planned.


But now that you bring it up, because I'd never occurred to it, I might start.


I had one shot with her, and now how will I ever show her that I can be trusted? How will I ever show her that I can protect her?


I say, you're gonna punch me and keep punching me as long as you can. All right?


Does he need inspiration?


Let go of it!


As well.


48 points.


Yeah. The spirits'll put them back.


As soon as I let go, I cast Invisibility on myself again.


Oh, so it's a drop on the door. Good to know. In the meantime, I'm going to run on the exterior of the wall, like right over here, if that makes sense. That's going to be my movement. I'm going to take some fun, happy pot shots at these bastards.


I still don't think that was a bad idea.


I could use a bite over here! My animal handling is negative one, by the way. (all laugh)


Oh, this is so wrong.


Oh, really, you rolled worse than me.


Well, of course we have. I'm sorry.


Yes. Them I'm going to cast Lightning Bolt at him.


I would have recommended my tutor, but of course, Vax slit his throat right about the time you met him. He was a good tutor before that.


Start with one that really likes you. So Sarenrae's a good call there.


Let's get some distance here.


This encounter's getting to me. My body is radiating heat. I'm hot everywhere. Flames! On the side of my face!


See, she thinks-- I like that idea. She owes us a favor at some point.


We can't communicate.


This is kind of cool.


My turn. Look at that, is there only one guy standing now?


You've got a naughty streak.


Well, really, he cleaned up after you two finished it all off.


Poor Molly. His arms are getting so tired swinging both those blades.


They all work on me.


You can do whatever you want.


We're starting this? I don't know how I'm going to get on this fucking cart! How am I going to get on this cart? I'm not invisible!


And don't be scared.


Oh, that power of mine doesn't work as a big, simultaneous smush, it's just one attack, but I have to choose which attack that it--


No, I only keep my valuable things in other pockets.


Okay. Okay. 13, uh, 12! (laughs) Math! Stay in school.


Maybe stealth isn't-- maybe Grog's right-- we can't talk, can we?


I don't think a fox has eight hit points.


Oh, it was those fucks.


You're anxious to go. You want to go first?


Okay. I'm going to put Trinket in the necklace.


Oh, he's gone, oh, where did he go? I don't know.


One! No, it isn't.


Her temple is under threat up north. I was waiting for a sign and I think this is the sign.


To the giant's lair! To scry!


And see what happens. Moonbeam. So a shapechanger makes its saving throw with disadvantage, and if it fails, it instantly reverts to its original form. If it's a shapechanger. But I don't really know, I'm just guessing.


Can I haste or pick my nose to go any further?


Oh wait, we can't put the box in the bag.


But I think we're all a little slap happy and curious.


Might need to take your armor off.


God forbid.


Can I start looking around it? Do I see anything?


Yes! I was so hoping for this!


He's currently like this.


That's a huge die you just rolled.


How many would've done it?


Ah ha! [laughter]


He did. It's Vasa.


I open up the coat just so she can see the books.


All day. I'm up for that all day. That's what I'm here for.


We're like a mile high, the oxygen's thin here, it's tough.


Even though my mantle of the tempest, I ignore extreme heat?


Any clear path of least resistance?


Are we all going?


Do you like me again?


"Birkenstalks."


I don't know, I've got some very specific burial needs, if we're actually going to go that way. [laughter and cheering]


One thing at a time.


Is there anything you're not good at? Don't think that hard. Never mind.


Orthax just bamfed!


So wait-- it seems like they really don't want you in their door. It seems very heavily guarded. So what's our plan, we just going to try again?


Do you have anything to heal with? (laughter)


So can I move out of the room?


Der 'n' Der!


I'm taking a dump on the guest bed. (laughter)


We don't have bacon.


How much more movement do I have?


What kind of sign?


Although you can only grow us or shrink us by a foot, so this would be a really little--


I like how we all assumed it was going to be Sam that was dead and flying above the audience.


Bite.


18 for me.


But you never said he looked a little rough! I kept waiting for you to say it's looking a little rough.


Acrobatics or athletics?


Oh yes, I didn't read the rest of it.


We're going to Whitestone.


Or about the Chained Oblivion.


Try and leave something that resembles baby food.


That's what it's called?


Hurts their AC. It's a wisdom saving of 16.


I close the tent and I take off.


Then we fucking had them around our necks.


Eat quickly, though, because we'll probably be leaving soon.


Everyone at the Cobalt Soul feels the same about you all at the Halls of Erudition.


That was a three-hour battle. We did nothing but fight.


There's so much water outsi-- (laughter)


Travis, can you say that with your finger flapping on your mouth please?


All in favor of going to Draconia, where we don't really have a great plan but I think we're going to go try to fuck up a dragon's lair and maybe rescue five people and probably die as lizard people, say aye.


I'm going to take some time to start painting my skin, and drawing my skin because it feels so good.


You don't want yourself connected with this at all.


Thank you so much. What is your name?


It does; you used it pretty correctly, I think.


Oh, man, really?


Oh, Minecraft server.


(stammering) What? Why is it? No!


What are the things that we face inside the city? What should we fear inside the city?


As awful as it is, we need to sleep, if we can't fight him in the morning or anytime.


This is me rubbing his tummy.


Just glad you're all right, Grog. Really glad you're awake.


Do I get advantage still, if this was last night?


Hells no.


Okay! (imitating music)


That's a million. 25.


Hello, Critters! We are back at the Time Travel Mart in Echo Park, California, which is one of the homes of our beloved 826LA, and we're going to tell you about this amazing organization and maybe play some Dungeons & Dragons? Come on, I'll show you around. [funky music]


I feel like we have to call you Yrat now.


You're killing it, man.


I could either manipulate his memory, or I do have a flying broom.


While these guys are still opening their presents, I wanted to-- go ahead.


I sit down next to the other side of Kash, in between him and Keyleth.


Can I reach in for a fancy robe?


True, it could be just me then.


-- we see any kind of movement, any kind of things moving around the tree?


I wanted to say guys that this month's theme for Loot Crate is magic. And I don't have much planned for tonight, but I did learn a magic trick. I'm going to do a magic trick. It's my first magic trick I've ever done. And I don't have a deck of cards at home, so I'm going to use spell cards instead. I'm going to give it a little shuffle here. Oh, hey there, cowboy.


I knew it.


Nice.


If that's the case, then I wouldn't go that far forward. I would stay as far away from danger as I can that as soon as I see Beauregard, cast Enlarge.


Oh! Hello.


You caught a big one!


Shit! Already off to a bad start. You said, "My secrets are yours." Did you want to give us a secret?


Seeing the gnoll's expression, I know it well. It's one of fear and about to run away. (laughter)


A full round.


Don't worry, you have a totally squishy wizard standing behind you. He'll protect you. (laughter)


Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be like, phase under, phase down, and I'm going to get under where the brain would be, and I'm going to Superman punch it!


Okay! She's strong.


Oh, wait. Plus six. That's eight. Plus, I'm inspired.


Jeepers creepers.


You did have one year-ish where you were on the skids. You did your Prince and the Pauper bit for a little bit.


Hey, man, it's an idea.


Interesting stuff there.


I bet not. These are really tall books.


I think there was a marble on the ground.


If we do the ditch for the people that're coming out of the city, we waste it if it's not Zanror and Kevdak. If we go in--


Can you change that alcohol into wine?


Northwest. Cold.


You already popped the top lock and nothing happened, right?


Can I clear off the door area that we walked through?


I have a few scrys that I want to do, anyway.


It's not really horse-accessible.


I can go.


It was details that would help us in the situation.


Unassuming, okay. I'm going to go into crow form. (caws)


Seeing that Clarota just grappled him, I'm like, "All right, cool. That's good." And I'm going to use a Grasping Vine from the other stalactite and grab Trinket and see if I can--


Smash him!


(as Sean Connery) Is Ren Sutan there? (laughter)


I mean, I guess I could always go back to the Earth Ashari, or the Air Ashari, and talk to some of those people.


In preparation for this, I went and I gathered a few sandbags. Took some burlap, filled them with--


No, we're good! Shut up! We're fine!


I heard you over the earring.


Super fucking fast!


Okay. I'm going to use half my movement to get to Vex. If this can be done, I'm going to burn my action surge and grab her. The rest of my movement to drag her into the hole. 15 more feet. 15 and 15.


Eat your cheerios, bud.


Does she know or is this the proposal?


I can cast Water Breathing on all of us.


Look, guys, I can carry it at least.


(funny accent) I don't know what that means. (laughter)


Have I seen that anywhere else?


Why would you be anywhere else?


It's go time, go time! (claps)


All right let's-- yeah, this'll be fun. That's all taken care of. I'm going to cast a-- Guiding Bolt, I guess?


Random question. Do we see an obvious family resemblance with Pike and any of them?


I'm totally into you, (stammering) Utugash.


It is so interesting now. Did you want to put a ribbon on it or something to make it prettier?


Okay. So he's just shitting.


Okay, okay, okay.


I do. So I made you a hammer.


I do, Mr. Pack Away Your Dice.


What mask?


Yeah, but you put darts in two people's arms, I mean, are you really that--


At discount for friends, three gold.


(whispers) Spireling Shenn?


I'm going to-- I'm sorry, you guys. I'm going to Sacred Flame it, then.


Okay, so I'm going to use my Sprinter's Boots and get over. Everybody's healed; everybody hasn't really taken too many hit points?


I'm not-- I haven't been paying attention.


Yeah, where are they?


We're not going to steal it! He's scared of that thing, why would we take it away from you?


We're basically gods.


Yes, I know. I did it.


Still, if they get across.


I feel inspired.


How close are we? How long will that take?


Is it near the crossguard, or is it near the pommel?


Oh, they don't like magic.


Thank you, kids. We are-- unless something goes tragically wrong-- we expect to be returning, and I imagine you'll hear word if things go tragically wrong.


Look at that shit, he's got a magic carpet!


Pike's alive, and she's super strong.


What's in the cellar?


In Draconian.


Granted sparks of life. Does that sound like a familiar story that I've heard before?


Oh no, just a two minus one, Matt. I'm still in the black.


Yeah, it's like six.


Oh, well, you know, Caleb--


They're micro-plastic beads that have washed up on the shore.


So, I'm going to attempt to make him have issues doing things. Natural 20. (cheering)


I'm going to, seeing as how she said there are folks chasing her, as we get going again, go up to the crow's nest, and do a scan with my awesome perception, and see if there's any boats trailing us.


You don't get to say roll!


Really? It's one of my better spells.


There's a ziggurat on every continent! (singing) Every continent has a ziggurat.


Hey! Try to get the energy up, people. This is exciting. Hey, I'm Chris Pramas. I'm the president of Green Ronin Publishing. You may know me from such things as season one of Tabletop and Titansgrave. And yeah, we're going to be publishing Critical Role RPG books. They'll be for 5th edition rules, and the awesomest part is that Matt is going to write them. (cheering)


But that's so mysterious.


Chanel No. 5.


Have they found anything out, did you get any updates?


All right, we're loaded up. We've got horses, we've got healing potions, we've got--


Is it on me now?


I've got to go pee.


It's done. This is why this is interesting. So I succeeded the first time. I failed the second time, which means I halve whatever the damage is, which is high.


We should stealth in.


Is he flying? Does he stay still? What does he do?


Will it put my sister in danger?


Yeah, two weeks. Oh, you want to do the infomercial bit again?


Guys, let's all go shopping!


Have they increased at all?


Oh, you got three vials of Umbrasyl blood, is all we have.


We're all mutes. We're lepers and mutes, and you are our doctor?


We went to hell.


Both of those are appealing to me.


That is what I want to be. You just do it.


Not that particular material.


That was a segue if I've ever heard one.


I surrender, and he's coming along.


It's wonderfully interesting Keyleth, but we need to get my brother to a cleric.


It's all right, you're still alive. Whoop-dee-doo. Let's just do the thing, come on.


So it could be bad.


Yes, that's a true story.


Okay. 31.


I bet you make a great hot toddy. Out of some dead folks' feet.


He walks up to him and say--


Oh shit, here he comes. Here he comes. It's me and the big guy.


Good to see you too.


Sure, yes, absolutely.


I suppose you're right.


Okay, so 29 for me.


We do. We're saying we don't have time to make a scroll spell, scroll scroll, spell scroll.


That's one vote.


That's Trinket, too.


We will-- what happened to me?


Okay. Fuck yes! 21?


Oh, okay. A d8, right?


Five-sided still?


Yeah, that's 19. Yeah, that hits. The first one is awful: seven points of damage.


Ashley. Scanlan or Steve Rogers?


Okay. All right, buddy.


Oh come on, girl.


Especially if it's just handles, if it's just like hanging onto a piece of rope.


So it's a 30 flat. No?


I had a good run a few years before that, but this is pretty great.


Yep, she might have killed her husband.


I'm going to try to tail whip him. Is that a thing I can do?


Sure. I want to try and focus on Umbrasyl's whereabouts, but I want to see if I can get a nice bird's-eye view of inside the cavern.


We spent a year reading books.


Can I get around here on the ground?


It's my last episode of Signal Boost?


I'm going to hit him in the arse with the Magician's Judge. Reckless.


On top of I had 9 originally?


All right! The grenade worked! (cheering)


Yeah, you know, the tree just told me that it actually feels much better, so.


Wait, are you guys asleep?


Yeah, he's definitely reckless.


To "give up"?


Spider-boot and see if I can hold my breath and look.


No, the dragon was alive, we just left.


And other stuff for tech we needed that we didn't have. Shane and Russell said thanks for all your hard work, and everything you are doing.


Really? Are there rooms here?


Yeah, sure, whatever.


Can't we cast it on the staff?


I tilt him towards the pillar to spray the pillar with his gore. Look, I can make one too! Ha ha! (all laugh)


Can you speak?


Like a pebble! I'm going to use a ki point to do Patient Defense.


(laughing) That's amazing.


What the fuck are you talking about?


I'm going to flip around and take a shot at that jerk right there with the Retort pistol, not the Bad News. Standard shot. That's a 31 to hit.


Yeah, let's try and talk to him.


Check it for traps!


I may be drunk. (all laugh)


Yeah, I'm a shithead.


Okay. But I mean, where we just were?


Hey, would you all mind looking in to see if you find any throwing stars or any throwing darts? Here, I'll give you some-- here.


It's gonna come down to Grog.


I really had to pee!


I would like to try some chemical altered states.


I'll be careful.


Yes, I have a feeling these tunnels are going to suck majorly, but we have nowhere to go but down, so--


Yeah, here, have some Tamagotchi.


Are those drugs?


Ooh, I should build some interesting arrows.


Spatial-- Patient Defense.


Protect her feet. That was the command.


Tell me, I saw you up there fighting.


You are a steely-eyed motherfucker, man.


Are we going to sleep?


Banana hammock


(knocking)


PBR?


Do we just slap jello?


I would not bring-- good to see you again-- I wouldn't bring that up.


Well. You know, okay.


You know, so that they won't be able to like--


And I perch on her shoulder. (crow sounds)


What?! No! That's too much!


Ugh, The Descent. Now it makes me want to swim through that little tunnel even less!


Eight, nine, 17!


I think I'm dangerous.


What if we commandeered the ship?


Honestly, spellcasters, it's not as beneficial for us to have Haste.


We'll come back to the tower. We'll go to the Wayfarer's Cove.


The only thing on there-- that it is maybe is an aberration.


We could figure it out. We'll have pets.


Oh boy. (laughter)


Can I use my Luck on him? I have one left. Watching this.


Yeah. I mean, it's really smart.


So yeah, I'm going to do Wall of Stone. Fuck.


Seems to be after power.


When they start to go, I'd like to go to the temple with the sigils and talk to the guy who runs the place.


It's supreme. It's absolute. It's binding in all planes.


Well, there's two of them that we see.


That sucks balls. Four.


Carol and Coral. I get them confused.


I think it might be easier to put it on the cart.


Time of day-ish?


Since we're on a time crunch, Scanlan.


Just try it.


We haven't found a winner, we've just been hitting him really god damned hard.


Are you going to unattune from something to attune to this?


People need killing if that happened, so, you know.


Thank god I rolled high.


Oh, thank you!


I'm looking in your direction.


You don't have to stare at it some more. If it's beyond you, then it's beyond me.


Oh good, yes.


Look, I'm making a musical out of our food. People pay a lot of money for this.


In fact, we'll be keeping your weapons, your armor, and I believe, your pride.


Or by killing the Briarwoods, thus ending the charm.


So you get one more roll.


Why do you suppose they used it on one of their own?


Athletics, I don't have that.


Is that including your dex save?


Yeah, wake me up whenever.


Sure. You need a hat?


Can I have some milk?


DM. Evasion, if I make a success I get half-damage, if I fail I get-- If I fail, I get half-damage, if I succeed I get no damage. I think I failed. I got a nine.


It's dick pics all over the place.


Are there like portcullis windows? Is that-- no? Are there windows?


I didn't get to sort them.


Oh shit, who all speaks Draconic here?


That is how long again?


It could be where, once the eggs hatch, they come up, or this is how they get the eggs down, this is a nesting area. All right, what's the west side really quickly?


That didn't work out.


Just because it hurts and I'm irritated, I'm just gonna pull out Retort and fire in the general direction.


2d4, I think I roll it.


So they need to go get what?


Uragash.


If I have a moment, I'm going to look in all those doors really quickly.


I'm taking it! Are you kidding me?


Right, so. What if I told you I found somebody's name that rhymes with Daburish Koja?


Okay, cool. Yeah, let's leave. I'll get up to the edge of the big tent, and I want to see if I can feel anything weird in that area.


Yeah, let me-- No, towards the entrance-- heading for cover.


That's awesome.


What have you guys been talking about? We do have a big pile of dragon’s scales and some gem --


It was attacking the wall. We were protecting you.


With the ten inspiration.


Supervise what?


Can I just--


"Property of--"


Thanks, darling.


You mean reverse math?


Magma and acid.


All right, I'll stand back ten feet.


(gasps) We used to eat these in the Fire Ashari all the time. These are a rare delicacy! Good find, Grog. (gasps) I could grow some more. Oh my god. We can have coal bean soup all the time at home, you guys. These are coal beans. They're great.


We didn't punch our way through shit!


I agree. I am also not looking to attract any attention.


I don't remember. It was early 20s.


I believe we should take the chains off.


Where is my sister?


I was saying, if I'm not near the other door I'm going to start looking and unlatching it. Nonchalantly.


Oh no, eggs. Oh no!


No, I have full faith in untrustworthy people.


How do we light it?


That's what I've been saying all this time.


Oh, I didn't say that. Level nine.


Holy fuck.


Well that's good, okay. Let's go with a 17.


We're at two? Are we at two more?


I'll do Fireball on the treant. I'll aim it far away enough so that it won't hit us. Is that a thing? Is that possible?


So Keyleth could be a hawk over by Vorugal--


Sorry, no. Those are 20-siders. I'm like, how did I roll a 19 on a d12? 15 plus six. 21.


Or is that for creatures, not for-- That's for creatures.


30 perception.


Argh.


Well, I don't have-- the control is a little tricky sometimes.


We're going to see Earthbreaker...


Are you both wise?


No. That's a one.


How long is it going to take to hike back the way we came?


What does the mantle look like?


Double speed!


Vier.


Wait, we didn't do this last time, did we?


Rent them. Let's rent them for a week.


Dex saving roll-- it's 11.


Or somewhere else?


After all, we came to him, right? I would prefer not to use any violence.


All right, well then I'll dash and I'll go back around towards me, behind this corner and hide. Just duck back there. That's it! Take a swig.


You know what, it's okay, because there's fucking smoke on our map.


Make biscuits, Trinket. Make biscuits on Grog's back.


Yeah, that's the expression, I'm pretty sure that's the expression.


No, you first, I want to see the cube and then I'll give you my armor.


Take it from us, we've been unconscious a lot. (laughter)


I'll watch for now.


Now listen, I don't want to disturb you any further. I'm just going to see myself out stage left over here. You have a nice day and enjoy your vast fortune. I'll start to walk towards that left tunnel.


You're really pale, too.


We all scooch up chairs. What happened?


But I'm not strong. But I'm dextrous. It depends on what we're talking about. Are we doing anything with strength checks? Oh! Dragging people away? Is that what we're talking about?


Spiritual Weapon!


Disengage.


I start one of my swords on the back of my neck.


I'm getting underneath the cart.


Get out of my eyeline! Get out of my eyeline, Wil Wheaton! (laughter)


You know, Matthew, the guiding lights, those little '"foomphs" of light, they only have a 10-foot radius, so probably the edges of the line that I have cast just barely makes it flame.


Oh, well, 11, no.


Roll a ranged attack.


Am I touching a wall?


I'm gonna have Trinket-- wow, okay.


That sounds terrible. I wish Pike was here; she would really enjoy this story.


No. I've been landlocked my whole life, man. You guys are the only two.


We missed you, Ashley.


We also have our never-ending rope, don't we?


All right. Layered gray-brown potion is what I'm writing.


19, Deathwalker's Ward


A skillion.


They were tossing your ass out.


Sorry, Travis. It's important stuff that we're talking about.


Do you want to go steady? If yes, check this box.


Let's do this.


Sounds like you're going to have an actual family soon.


Wait, hold on. Tiberius, will you bring the party up?


That's what happens when you're in multiple places at once. The realities start blending.


We're just going up.


You just draw it, you don't live in it.


I think now.


But can I bonus action?


Where the fuck is JB?


I see you're also skilled in interpretive dance. You're very good.


They don't know anything about mind flayers, they know about weird things coming out, but not the mind flayers.


Can I save my action?


Is Pike okay?


I faintly remember you talking about, you were talking to someone, I don't know who it was, but you were talking about plans you had for sort of a walking, automated something. Am I imagining that?


Right. Yeah. Moon for moon, as above, so below--


Why? I'm hooking up.


I want to loot the bodies.


Even on an attack of opportunity, you mean?


If we're in the mansion, he can't see us. So that's the only thing. It might be good to rest inside the mansion so he can't attack us before we attack him.


It was so amazing.


Kingsman.


Great. I'm rolling so good tonight. Shush. 17.


It's from Medieval Times.


In.


It's a chalkboard.


UselessRogue--


If you don't mind, I know this ship better than anybody. Jester, would you come up with me, and we can explore the captain's quarters? Might be a good place to start.


I think that's very fair.


How far away are the ones on the roof? How long is the distance from us?


I agree with you about the inevitability of the universe. The inevitability is that it's always shit.


Caleb, Caleb, Caleb! What did you find, Caleb?


Okay nice! 17.


But I wasn't taking any damage. That's the thing.


I travel with a group now.


As she places it down, can I do a little Gust cantrip and do a little poof of air?


So that will get hopefully all the things, because I'm shooting down, right?


This is such a drunk Fourth of July problem.


We're gonna go in the hole in just a minute, Grog.


Get ready for an ambush.


Daria with a beard.


All right. I'm going to pull out Bad News, and I'm going to make a targeted shot at its wings and try to put a hole into its wings.


No, no, he's still alive! And I kick him. Now he's dead.


Because he's been in a cage for two weeks. They didn't feed him very much.


But that can happen today.


I went to Syngorn and all I got was this lousy shirt?


That's incredible.


But I don't know exactly where.


I'm going to just call out to everybody, the thing seems to want Percy. Should we surround him?


Oh, plus ten because it was sharpshooter. 70!


Vax. I'm just looking out for you, brother. He's not available for you.


Halved to five.


Not that it matters, but I'm going to roll for stealth. That did nothing. 21? Nope, 31, because I still haven't cast Hunter's Mark.


Do we see anything? I'm keeping an eye out, see if I see any movement or anything that's maybe sparkles. I don't know.


Be cool, man. Be cool.


Maybe, how about-- If we don't get free food, what about--


I'm more inclined to turn around and fight these lions and tigers and bears, oh my! Because pixies, who knows?


And by the way, unlike Thorbir, I did not trip over anything or fall down trying to go down one step.


Pike, if we're to just be roundabout and mill about today, is that what you wish, Pike? After our tavern? What would you care to do?


The ale is that good.


Yeah, because Vecna's fucking watching us.


You want sherry or schnapps? Or what do you want?


Can I assist in his inspiration?


That's 16? 17 points?


It has an intelligence of eight.


At dawn, we discuss!


Do you feel...lucky?


When did they leave?


Yep, we both do.


Okay, so. Zahra and Kashaw, I love you both--


Sorry. (all laugh)


How heavy is it?


Yeah, but are we going to scry first?


Swamp fishman from underground.


"Oh, I'm going under the table."


You and me.


It's fucking squatters.


Because I think this is not the right time.


Oh, there it is, I found it.


Well let's see, I have The RZA right here in front of me, right?


We're about to take a rest.


It ends with the mob of angry people who want to kill us, probably?


Every time I crit, that's right! Math! Okay, so I get double points right? That's how this--


That'll take about ten minutes to take effect. All right. (gasping)


That's my week, okay.


How is this possible?


Got to do it.


I will do this trade.


I'm like fucking Bed, Bath, and Beyond in this bitch. Jewel-encrusted chalice.


I don't think you can call it a blink if you've got one eye. I think it's just a wink.


Yeah, can Grog fit?


How many hands is that?


(bvvm!)


I'm out again.


I am extremely fast and nimble and could totally fuck you up, but I can't lift that much, including door jambs. Could you help me move these rocks?


1d4.


But Yasha likes to cook hers, remember.


Did you roll a one?


Month, month and a half.


Because Gilmore was scrying on them. Got it. Not because we have a leak.


Let's put it this way. We're sneaking into this unholy compound in Dis, basically a city of hell, to do something inappropriate, we find you tied to a table, we figure that maybe you're in the mood to --


We're going to need rooms.


Oh, it's Elvish? So not everybody knows what my title is.


He's dying!


I have a theory. I've a new skill that I've recently learned and was practicing a lot when I was with the Earth Ashari while we were gone for the past six months. They taught me the ways of the earth elementals.


Oh no, ghosts!


How do you say it?


No, you're down there.


Oh, new chest. We could put our blankets in it.


They were trying to wake him up, but they said it was too early. They did it before Winter's Crest.


Okay, I see which way the wind is blowing. I mutter a few arcane words and I cast the spell Expeditious Retreat, which is a transmutation spell so I will also send a little bit of arcane energy to the Transmutation stone to give myself extra speed as well.


Mini-fridge.


I've kissed a boy.


They're coming for you, Pike. You got a reaction or something?


What was the one that was inside of you? Is it the onyx one?


Once-a-day walkie-talkie.


My foot just taps his arm just a little bit and I leap off of his arm.


Is it anything like we've ever heard about?


We're arms dealing on fucking party night.


Okay. We could go there.


You do realize that missing things mean leaving a trace, right?


Maybe mermaids rescued you.


I put the giant frog-shoes on.


(laughs) Well-remembered.


Yeah, I'll burn an action surge for this.


You're giving us opposite notes.


Like a marathon?


All the way down the hall to take a bath.


No, I've never seen that. I can show you how to get there, but it seems--


I'll go up and talk, but aren't you curious?


Guys, we got all the Vestiges!


You sang that better than my mother! Did I have a mom?


Still doesn't mean you're not a criminal though.


Are we still in the forest?


And that is nine damage for that arrow. And then the six for a Hunter's Mark is five.


Wait up-- okay, go for it.


That is one smooth seaman.


See if we get lucky.


Damn it. Good try. Good try, Percy.


You know what, Jester?


Okay, Tiffany. And?


Well, I will disengage as a bat?


I'm going to follow close behind Grog.


Avantika's going to want to know about that paintbrush.


You have the advantage--


Billy Mays here, with another fantastic creation.


Oh, you're here too, now. Great, it's a party.


All right, I'll unlock it. That's 28!


I will say, normally being like, "You slept with my mom" is an insult or something, or "Don't talk about my mom."


What the fuck did you do? Why the fuck would you do that in our room?


Are they within eyesight of each other? I'm assuming so.


You do. You have three eyes.


Just know I don't want you to-- if you don't want to stay here, you don't have to stay here. I'm not holding you here against your will in any way, but I would love for you to stay because I would love to get to know you better.


I rolled a four.


Oh no, it's really big. Look at that teeny little bird guy.


So I take half. Is it 24 total?


I can't move my lips.


Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Loot Crate!


Isn't there a central place that we killed Kevdak at?


Let's walk away.


Can I grab him, hang on to him?


I'm keeping an eye out for Vorugal or anything suspicious.


Randy Quaid, which I've always aspired to be. I'm in, I'll do it.


We're taking a short rest; I can add my--


You can sit sidesaddle.


Horrified.


That's a cool spell.


Yeah, but it would have dropped us off in Emon anyway.


Did you just have them? Or do we need to send you our characters?


Do you need a drink to soothe your nerves?


With an indefinite hold, we have business in the city.


Stealth with a couple emergency back-up snake looking people.


Warm it up.


Who is taking the next watch?


Yeah. Well, because I'm still trying to get where the spider told me to go.


Look at how many daggers he has now! Ludicrous.


Does Gilmore look like he's still alive?


I'm just letting you know their earrings are off. They can't hear us.


Your first card, the Silver Dragon. This is good. You're pure, you're virtue, you are a worthwhile and wonderful human being, obviously, or creature of some repute.


Well, yourself.


It's real! Guys can get it, too!


Got it. Okay, I'm going to shout out in Draconic, and I'm going to say: Raishan! Is that his name?


Can we mist down a little closer to get a better view of what it is?


I think that means he ate him!


You're like the little kid in A Christmas Story, "I can't put my arms down!"


How high is the ceiling here? Can Grog fit in here?


I'll just grab a couple of instruments.


Yeah, I'll relay all that stuff in my own tongue and say: I'm sure there's stuff. It grows a little bit each time I come by here, so there could be new stuff I haven't seen before. Worth a look.


The minotaur's down, right?


It looks like the kindergarten class attacked it.


Lauryn Hill is shaking her head.


We could throw it in the sphere.


I will sing, (singing) Hey now! You're a Grog-star. Get your axe up and slay! Hey now! You're a Grog-star. Get your rage on and rage! All Laura's dice are gold. Now a d12 can be rolled.


I rolled a six plus a 12 total, 12.


20. (yelling)


Well, Grog said he's been talking to it, which makes--


I will. He's fine.


And your new dice box.


Turns on--


Of at least Lorenzo.


I'm going to go, actually, right over here. I'm going to hide over here and I'm going to try and get a bead on the guy on the tree.


Where do the best parties happen?


But I only cast it on the hydra, so the roll would have been for the hydra because the snake guy was still Slowed. So I wouldn't have cast it on the snake guy.


And another 15 for the second one.


I hold out my hand to Vax and I say  Good luck. I hold out my hand to Vex and I say: Take care of him.


If you don't go higher past your total HP, you're still at zero.


Jeez, that hat is busier than K'Varn's whole fucking--


You're a fancy lad.


(growls) I go in. (laughter)


Why is there no furniture in her apartment?


That's true. That would be smart.


What do you mean, that they started it?


The Chained Oblivion, there was a fight between.


Of course our father would be named after a fucking imp.


What about Pike? Because she just knelt down. She didn't really fight.


Yeah, we are here to right wrongs and right lefts.


Um, is she coming?


I pull out the wire in view of everyone, and cover my hands and say to Fjord: Is there anything that you maybe want to tell us about that you haven't already?


I probably should have tried to un-restrain myself.


What? I just want to know.


I'm just being honest. I could've lied, said that I totally prepared that spell, but I could've been knowing Giant the whole time, so I just.


Can I attempt to build sunglasses?


He's just rolling like a giant brillo brush.


Are we all hanging back? I'll walk up with Caleb.


Your fate is in excellent hands. Oh shit, you're not dead! (laughter)


And I faint. (laughter)


I back up. I'm going to spend another ki point to do my defensive stance. Patient defense.


Open the-- What did you hear?


Should I try to heal Yasha, or move the bookcase? I'm the strong one.


Is there a cold place in the treasure room? Wait, this hide is going to be cured, or smoked, or something, whatever you do. Stretched?


I can, I remember all of them because I barely kill anybody.


Can you feel this?


Six points of damage.


Yes, me too.


It's expected now.


All throughout the whole day, okay.


Re-gift!


I'm being blood out of your jugular, just go with it.


I've moved the battle. That is the best that I know how.


Here we go. This is science.


Oh, that's better. That's better. 15.


I understand, and that's fine. I--


It'll be fine, he's just going to make himself pass out, it'll be just fine.


You know what? Never mind! I think, what I think is that Grog and Pike should lead the way, stealth in, pick all the locks, and I think everything will go really well.


Let's have a nightcap.


He is in real estate. He buys and sells properties, charges rent, taxes...


This wasn't the place that we passed on the way to go get Rimefang, was it? There was--


(fake-crying) See you on the other side of the war.


Larkin is Raishan. Really?


I happen to have crossed paths with him one night while drinking. I guess we made quite the impression on him, and we are to deliver some items to his place of residence. However, my friend here was shit-faced and we forgot to ask where he lives. I was hoping, perhaps, if you could give us a point in the right direction?


That was a Legolas reference, in case you were wondering.


Cool. One.


I don't know. I don't know. I've got--


One very important question-- Am I still high as balls?


You're going to be like Mr. T.


Go ahead. Don't care.


(mournfully) I rolled a one.


But how many times can she do that in a day? Is that a pull the trigger and once? Do we want to waste it on something--


Comprehend Languages.


It's a night sparrow, he should have said.


Can I poke around with the tip of my sword and see if there's any money or something in their pockets?


That's very good.


This is how everything goes wrong. This is what happens.


If I may, Matt? Music level, split the difference.


Yes. Pike, do you think you need to talk to her somehow? Or call to her somehow?


I thought we knew her name. Reginald's daughter's name?


Quite right.


Sing to it!


This. Is. Exciting.


We walk towards the ship.


Remember how happy you were that I was alive? That's not going to last much longer.


Dick whistle. Yeah.


You're very impotent to me.


That's right, it's 24.


I don't have-- I don't have that!


(gulps) It goes up and down a bit. It's a water bed.


Oh, we're doing damage as we fly out.


This is what she does in brothels?


And I say we could just cut out the tongue, it's not--


Okay, here you go. I don't have them in real life, just this one in real life. But in the game, you guys are having delicious donuts.


I'll call out to Percy  (French accent) It's no use! No one has enough money for our slaves! Forget it. We should clean up and go home.


You don't have to snap at me.


Okay, good. Go on.


Well, what if you're cursed now? How do we know you're going to be okay? You have a weird thing inside of you!


Do you live here?


Second shot is 28 to hit. First shot is terrible! It's 12 points of damage. I don't have surprise bonus at all, do I?


You found booty?


Probably should have cast the mansion door before we started.


I'll take a step five feet that way and as I do so I look over at Fjord and just-- and that's the end of my turn.


I'm going to take another shot at him, too, because eff that. I was not quite prepared for this. 2d12 plus six, four, eight, 14 points of damage.


(as pigeons) High-Richter!


Did they win the war?


Hold your horses.


Acid pit! [break]


Oh, I get one more.


You could be a fucking triceratops again, for all--


Yeah, plus she looks like she can handle herself in a fight. She'd be most welcome.


Yeah, are there plans to come through the orbs?


I mean, you could say it was a nice little tussle. It was a nice little square off.


The second one is more than that. I'm not even going to do the math. Third one's even more than that. I'm not going to do the math. The fourth one is-- Well this is cocked, so I'm going to redo that one. It was a ten plus nine, 19.


I'm going to ask the kelp  Hey guys, this feels a little ominous. You'd let me know if there was something untoward happening around here, right? Right?


You were in a wall, dude.


Well, not next week.


Will you teach me that sometime?


I drop the Bag of Colding next to Keyleth.


Yeah. (angry meow)


You're welcome, yes.


Can I-- Shit, well, you already rolled. Can I have been keeping an eye on the sky and give her a go ahead when it looks like they're not going to see her?


No, it's heavy.


Did anything work against it?


No! I was going to-- whatever.


Is it as amazing as we've heard?


(singing) Talk about fucked!


I'm stalling so that everyone can walk around.


I've got to pee!


But I'll say this, and I'm going to put the knife down. Is there anything sharp around? Anything at all?


What, you're back up?


Damn it! Damn it! It was perfect.


I'll be proud of that, too. Anyway, I know you like to look for friends. I don't know if I'm best friend material. That might be a lot of commitment, especially with my commitment of being first mate.


I feel really terrible, but I'm going to give him the old half-elven pat-down and see if I can find anything on his personage.


Here, catch, yeah, take it!


Plus seven.


We hired him.


Just keep the poo close.


All right. I feel better already, thank you. Ego restored.


I can make another Hallucinatory Terrain. I can do that still.


I don't want to move!


Fair enough. That's my turn.


Molly, I appreciate you trying to rally the horses right now, but I really think you should rest.


Can I say something?


It's called Invisible Reconnaissance.


The carpet?


Well, I have a purpose. I have a job. People depend on me. Strong people, like this guy. That's you.


Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool story. Cool.


Yeah, to like enter this door.


I'll just ask him, is there any message you wish to send to Ogden or the rest of the Trickfoots?


I had a normal upbringing. Private tutors, classes--


Is Grog behind us now, like the furthest away?


You were doing something, as well.


He's got to use the privy at some point.


Oh, that's not bad!


That was way cooler than what you said.


I think I have to roll for this.


Well, I did get really good training, so it's good that I know how to do shading.


Keep going up the slide or take the stairs?


Or a douchenozzle.


(in alarm) No, no, no!


Your punishment will be more severe. (laughter)


What is its nature? Is it vain? Does it want you to bow before it?


Tom Hanks was great.


The vest?


Oh, I hope I didn't blow up the cart.


I know. You do.


Actually sir, we do have a dwarf with us.


I cast Stoneskin. (whoosh)


I get a distinct impression that it is not impressed by ice.


Woo-woo!


Can I put myself in between Percy and Keyleth so I can reach my hand out?


Oh Shakäste, yay.


No, I was pointing at him.


No, they're all big, so don't be intimidated. One of them is a big cow man, but he's cool.


I take a little bit of the water and control it and let Pike wash off a little bit.


That's all right. Just wait here I'll be out in a bit, all right?


Those are in the store right now! As well as our new CR logo shirt, which nobody is wearing.


Okay, sure. Yeah. He might mean more metaphorically. I'm not sure. It could be either. It's hard to tell. Can I sit and take a minute to meditate, and see if I can connect with my mother and see if I can find some sort of trace? Essence?


(singing) How I survive dragon fights.


Is that guy the general?


Some bees.


I lift up my shirt and I say, I love you, Grog!


Could you be, please?


There would be no random beasts, though, it's just nothing but plumbing.


Hello? I don't speak your language.


Can you carry both of those fuckers?


Trinket is actually really good at sniffing things out, so maybe he can lead us to the smell.


Immediate nope. Nah.


Oh shit, that hits.


Are you gonna cast a spell now?


I'm so glad I had it.


Which of the tents is currently occupied?


I think it's time to bed down. I mean, we're not in Los Angeles.


I don't mind staying with you.


I hope that some of that was--


I am now on the boat.


Yeah, just right, right around us.


Maybe they can sense it.


What? Am I there?


I'm going to go get some of it too!


I'm going to give the Blessing of the Trickster to Fjord.


29 total.


I keep rolling, yeah?


Indiana? Let it go.


Do I roll, or does he?


Might need a new roofer. Anyway. In a show of grace and to demonstrate our new hope that we have for this place, I suggest that we don't kill these two.


I highly doubt it. I mean, it's possible.


Going in?


I'm calling it futzed.


Sometimes. Not a lot.


Yes, rare things and very boring things, at times.


Do you have a bonus action? Anything you can--


And I will cast Bigby's Hand to grapple that shit and pull him back down. (cheering)


Yeah, fuck it, we're going to beach the ship. We're just going to keep driving towards the island.


What does Bless do?


Smells like Grog.


Spidering.


Well, yeah. Yeah.


Yeah, I run up. I'm going to run up, and grab it by the head and neck and lay on it.


I just read it.


Okay, do I still have a move, or is that my move?


You should have checked with our leader before you did that.


We'll work on the scales.


Because I asked her for it.


Is it already steeped, or is that just the--


It was only the five who got stupid drunk.


He might have already used them.


(whispers) Schmidt, bring me the bracer.


All right. I might need some liquor.


Okay, I'm going to try to do the Bramble Shot on it.


Molly, put those boots on.


A treat.


The cabin?


25. Natural 15.


Sorry, 27.


Yeah. Would not have helped me very much.


Because we killed one of them.


Yeah, we entered.


No. I told them I'm Beau.


Wait, wait.


We're going to put a little wrap, it'll be fine.


Now it's in danger.


Should I Polymorph him? Yeah, I guess he's Dom-- you are Dominating that guy. Is there anything else that's flying? He's the only one that's up in the air left, right?


I just eat the book!


(laughs) I love you, but you are a terrible person. And I walk out the door.


What, I have it.


Spam it.


Do we see any on the way out?


I say, come with me if you want to live. And do I have any movement? Can I try to unbind them?


Trinket's unconscious.


We'll be able to find it.


What is it, 18!


Wow, Fjord.


12. Whoa, you guys.


Ohhh, probably. Has a woman been by to buy black powder? (coughs) Has a woman been by?


Stabbing?


Word.


(laughs) You guys are crazy.


PJ Uno!


So these are fire elementals, yes?


Just a peck.


You should've used your fire-proof arrows.


Nine plus six, 15.


I'll tell Mr. Mistoffelees to do a 90-second loop and come back down and check in on us because he can't fit in the door, right?


Well yes, so I can now recognize where we are.


Yeah, but look at this! It's gone! It's back! Cool, right?


It's not the one you're wearing, right, Scanlan?


I make my way, quietly in the night, to Grog's room. I was just kidding, sorry!


Time is of the essence. He might be with a lady of the night later tonight. You might have to teach him quickly.


Once again, Lockheed could have flown miles away.


Okay. Well. Have you guys, in your travels-- you know who Scanlan Shorthalt is, I'm sure?


Is the end of the chain able to where I can pull to at least make it reach Grog or no?


Go ahead, Scanlan.


Whoops.


Hold for him to drop?


Nott, why? Why are you going to--


Roll them if you got them!


So both Vex and Tary are unconscious?


I've lost my list of healing potions, but I think I had a minor potion left.


Yeah, I'll hover away, I'll fly straight up from where I was with her.


Of Omand? Alland?


Jealous? Jealous of what?


I'm at 57 hit points. Yay.


Come on women's fashion, come on.


As I'm laying in the grass with the guy who I knocked unconscious, I'm going to pat down his body.


That should give us enough time to do a quick tour. We already know their walking route, and I'm sure that the people are putting up a fight.


And what kind of operation do you operate?


(singing) One day more.


Only one-- I mean, it's not like you're saving them by not hitting them at this point


I can come see if it's trappied.


(laughs) 24.


At the big guy upstairs.


Phenomenal.


Okay. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity as my action, and I'm going to pop my little person down right behind the other side of the gator that Yasha's fighting, yes. Then for my bonus action, I'm going to cast Healing Word on the little bird creature.


Terrible teeth.


Seemed important.


It's really creepy, Grog.


I'll drop the disguise spell once we're inside.


Probably. I'm going to move over to my left.


Can I get one more inspiration if you got any? Are you out?


Y'all wanna stop and get a wing?


Wode.


I've tried insulting a cantaloupe, you just don't get anywhere.


He had seven from the magic missile.


Wait, I've got one thing.


We're a part of The Revelry.


Take them out of this wagon!


One of us has a nervous habit of ejecting smoke from his rib cage.


Big enough to swallow him?


This is finances, this sounds like a married couple.


You're making out with your god? Gross.


No, I thought we were going to talk to Allura first.


Yeah. Eyes on the ceiling as well because that's where danger came from.


The ground is tainted.


You're a little boy. We're making very reasonable plans with this.


All right, what am I looking at, here? Fire? There's a bit of fire?


I feel like this is reverse psychology.


Yeah, we'll all be in one place.


I'm going to stay in this cluster of trees with Scanlan.


I will. I'll fill my sister in on how they're to be taken care of. Make sure that Gilmore is taken care of.


I never knew!


Do we each get different suits, matching suits, but in different colors? God powers?


Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah.


Hey, you get the whole day.


It's a d8 plus your constitution, yeah? Wow, that's a one. Do we still reroll ones?


Squishy spiders.


(nervously) Okay.


I don't know. I don't think so.


Horse head. Evil horse head of doom.


First roll.


A little thing that is totally improvised. A couple of weeks ago, a Critter named Courtney-- forgive me if I'm getting that wrong-- She tweeted a picture of her with this scarf that she was making for Caleb, and she made the hashtag #ScarvesForCaleb and then people started talking about it. I retweeted because I thought it was awesome, and they came up with the idea to make scarves for Caleb-- But not for me-- to give to shelters: Homeless shelters, to veterans, to anyone who needs scarves or hats or mittens. I think it's a great idea, and you would make me happy. This is beautiful, I love it, thank you, but don't pile me up in scarves. Send them to people who need them. I just think it would be a nice thing to do.


No, it was fine.


Or sweatshirts.


So it'll just be like every day. All right, yeah.


I cast Spiritual Weapon above the two gnolls directly in front of me.


Percy, why don't you give it a whack before we put a boat on the Mending Wheel.


Not that great.


Just like Macbeth.


All right, okay, let's just do that then.


So we're looking for a keyhole.


Orion's my dice bimbo.


I pull back from the bite, and I whisper into his ear, I was wondering what was going to break first: your spirit, or your body. And I would like to try to pick him up over my head and bring him down on my knee, Bane-style.


It kept it intact. But when we return to House Thunderbrand, I believe we have a few items that they want. The deal was when we procure certain items, we will be allowed to have certain information and certain-- we didn't explain what we were going to get. But we should return, get our gold, and definitely visit House Thunderbrand.


I wrap a towel around myself, and then I'll drop form.


How high off the ground is that apex that he's hanging out of?


It's gorgeous. It's fabulous.


Or an earthquake. We're in a shaft! Things shake a lot.


I don't know, man. I like football.


Hang on. Do we want to do a Heroes' Feast?


So you, Percy, want to go burn them up?


Who wants to be first? Keyleth?


So in love with this. Carry around your own fabulous romance novel! Then make your own notes in it.


She cast it at Vax.


No, I want to repair the ship.


I'm going to go up and peek around.


There's these jewels, too.


We bought enough for everybody.


What a variety of charities.


Where are we going after this?


So I can still do stuff?


Just go get the lodestones.


Okay. Beau! Nott! (whispering) Keep an eye on them, okay? Let me know what happens.


Well, wait.


I don't know. It's an experiment, all right?


You are very likeable. Do you have problems talking to people? To women, even? JONL No, no, I'm really good at talking to myself sometimes. That's where I get most practice.


Kind of a natural jade?


You could be the manager of the team!


Who has that sword we pulled off?


We'd just be owing each other forever.


This is the darkest ebony they have.


Tell you what. Take two thousand off your asking price and we have a deal.


This is why I lived in the mountains.


I'm going to go-- I guess the direction Grog went?


It's pretty good!


Wilhand, how old were you when you left the Trickfoot family?


Okay, copy.


But I would like to use a Guiding Bolt, because it's a little bit more damage.


Well, I don't know!


Oh wait, it's a dice tower?


So there's a crotchety half-elf bartender, the tortle with tattoos, the redheaded human woman and then she was with a man?


(sings) Shit, shit, shit.


I'll stoke it, and then put the bodies on.


But I've been peeing in the corner.


It's 8d6, but at level four it's 9d6, I think?


I was born to be a cannoneer.


I'm going to take it right back, I just want him to experience your glory.


Yeah. No sneak attack because it's just me and Bigby, right?


I'm gonna walk up and grab--


And, I mean, I think it's safe to assume that that's what's down there and that's what they were looking for when they came here in the first place.


Yes, I do. I have it on my phone.


I'm going to cast Telekinesis and rip his horn off his head.


We can certainly get closer.


No left, right, left, right, ugh!


Copy. Natural 19. 22.


17 plus perception is-- did I get it wrong? Am I too tired? I've had a long day, people. Let's say 29.


Do you have healing potions?


So, with the Pass Without a Trace?


1st-level smites.


Let's fucking go.


Does he look like he's getting loose at all?


Yeah, I'm Philbin.


How dare you!


That was Travis hitting the side of the room.


Man, I really wish we had some tape right now!


They bought drugs.


Actually Nostoc.


We're going to put you on a cart, and we're going to take the cart.


We're going to need it.


He means well.


Oh, hit it!


He's useful. And I don't hold anything against him, and she's-- why wouldn't he want her? Of course he does.


Yep. That fast.


20! No. 19.


Well, we may have to actually hire a guide once we're in there, then.


Great. I throw up a Glyph of Warding right there.


Is there any young girl in the tent with me?


Oh, thank God.


Okay, so good thing I have more knives. So I take the other one, flip it in my hand and then stick it into the neck afterwards. That's a 24.


A lot of us are going to die.


Just straight dexterity? 17.


Oh no, the ale's gone!


Haven't been to Kraghammer for a while, although Daxio might be worth a check.


Because you get everything, but you just keep your intellect, wisdom, and--


No. If anything, it's a terrible, terrible influence.


I slap her across the face.


Did I have a bonus action or did I use it to hit?


What do titties?


Please, be my guest.


I find her charming, too, but it doesn't mean that other people might.


Should I not?


Make an investigation check. It's hard to concentrate, 13.


How's Vax's foot?


(laughs) Don't like it, do you?


(French accent) I will be right back, I promise.


Yeah! I'll just crouch down then and hold my action until I see her.


I said 19? 16, and then 19.


Oh boy. I’m going to get in trouble.


Yeah, scoot the bench down. Look at how far the bench is on our side.


I think you'll be fine, actually, if Jester and I are trailing behind.


I'm on an [no audio].


Ja, I have just enough ink and paper to learn one spell, in the big pile of spells that I have right now, so I'm adding a low level one. I am penniless.


I think they're here.


I've done one before. I think I had the grossest HotPepperGaming.


It took us quite a while to find this place.


Where's the extinguisher?


Which is cool. It's VR. It's really badass, so check it out.


Yeah, but you and I need to-- Well, we need to enjoy ourselves, you need to enjoy yourself, but we also need to meet up and do a little research, because-- Calm down, you made the offer, not me.


We're not up at the top, are we?


The Marrow Valley.


We can always put it underneath the smelter and pour in.


Just trying to provoke some chance here.


I know. There is nowhere I can look for healing? Other than deeds? I like to fix things.


Honestly, the name really sells this place. We have been fascinated with it for quite some time.


12, thank you.


We could try and just straight-up espionage--


Well, let's go talk to one then, shall we?


Yeah, like a Rorschach test.


Come on, you're my favorite bear, Trinkie.


What comes out of the bottle?


I'll take the next watch.


And ever since then, ducks have been my spirit animal, and I feel like they bring me strength, and bring me-- make me smarter and they give me courage. So I grew up in the desert. It was a rough time, but--


That's not so bad.


In Dwarvish, I say--


Just going to try and Keanu Reeves ghost-punch her. I don't know. Punching ghosts.


How did it shoot through the head and it's still alive?


I feel like you said it?


ManaGeek Moosiyuk, Moosiuk?


As long as I've been alive. I don't know.


Now get out of here!


I'm intrigued by this mind-reading serum.


Apparently he's really smart, and is arro-- aromatic.


Other way?


Should I go ahead and heat the metal, just in case, for added stuff? I mean, that's quiet.


Well, they're not here.


We can go in shifts. This is not something that's going to be solved tomorrow. We can take a week, and move people.


I'm going to spend a ki point to do Stunning Strike.


So you want to go in the Crucible again.


I put my--


And we really want to see his face when he opens it. That's the best part of giving a gift.


Son of a fuck!


So it doesn't work.


I remember my 12 and 13-year-old excursions into the back of the comic book store with the 18 and up section. Oh man. "How old are you kid?" "Pretty old."


You caught him stealing your stuff?


He did another gesture? What gesture? What did he do?


We just left it? We haven't searched the castle?


We are standing in the damn hall, all I am asking is that we move into a quiet room.


I think we just run ahead.


There's a dragony something.


And I put him in a nice little sleeper hold.


She was a strange woman.


There is a tunnel that we can walk in.


You're a fucking beast.


How far are we from the entrance, where we came down into the sewer?


I feel like we've been doing the thing for a while now.


That's not the same thing.


29. What?!


Family. Family, family. I’ve had a couple of drinks. I’m an adult, I can do that.


What is it? Shit. It's right here  d4 plus five. That's it?! So lame. Seven points.


You know, it's okay.


Just a thought, shouldn't we clear this mess before we let prisoners out?


End him.


I turn to Nott.


What does that have to do with the dawn?


Do you mean your penis?


It was in the West Outersteads.


And we did see those branches moving like actual limbs on a being as opposed to branches on a tree.


It doesn't say on the--


Send in the animals.


Oh, is that thing still alive, that Grog is fighting around the corner?


You just got here.


Let's try to climb up the other side and then see what we can see.


I already have a wand that shoots things.


I would right now, but I don't have any on me, how crazy is that?


Oh, Nott already took them.


She gets it. She gets it.


All right. I'm--


I feel good. This feels right.


You've got actions.


Oh, okay. Go get the carpet.


Or do we each need to deliver the one tied to our gods?


No, it's different. It says casting time one minute.


God damn it! Here we go again.


I want to get my hair braided with beads on the end! (cheering)


Yes, I remember that very well.


Yeah, but somebody burped in the first half of the game, and it was foul.


Do I have my gauntlets on or no?


Well, I can't help with the wheel, but I could repair the boat, in theory.


Okay. I'm going to Guiding Bolt.


Well, again, a lot of hard shit was said on your way out, in many directions, and the way I look at it, it's to be expected. We went through hell together, that's going to have an effect. But even the ones who are angry at you, they did miss you. And family doesn't break apart that easy. Don't scare away. Just be patient.


They didn't really let us out.


He likes to put on a show, I think.


(in Christopher Walken voice) It's important to point out, we're not doing Walken anymore-- (all laugh)


Great, and then I'm going to let the sword guide me. I'm going to position it around my belt and thrust forward at the beast. I don't know what to do now.


You're only an hour and a half in.


It doesn't matter, we can't be poor folk in the Tri-Spire. We need to be rich folk that need help from the Richter.


They just left and we forgot to ask where the fuck he is! Twice! Can we run out after them?


Cool. I'm encouraged.


No, we actually got rid of the troll dick.


Sploosh. That's an 11. (laughter)


Well done, well done.


Right up behind him-- (surprise sound effect) Cut his neck, cut the throat.


I use Thaumaturgy to say in the audience, "The Mighty Nein are cooler still."


Hey, it might be like a Fomorian thing! He might like it!


Yeah, Yasha, are you paddling?


50k.


I do... Yeah.


I’m normally not impressed by eccentrics, so this is really impressive.


High-level rogue was still pretty cool.


I'm going to slowly tippie-toe around the side of the wall, carefully avoiding giants. I want to stand not directly behind her, but off at an angle.


Hello. I'm sorry, I don't mean to bother you. I know you've closed up shop.


Consume. Oh god, am I going to try to swallow the sword?


One of those two was dead yesterday, and yet they still found time to-- well. The one on the left, I lovingly refer to her as Antlers. She is the most powerful and leader of the group.


We'll take it for good measure.


How and when will I die?


There's so many.


You make it sound so tawdry. Carry on.


That's all?


I have a jeweler's kit. (pigeon cooing)


I hand Nott a handful of ball bearings.


How far away is he right now?


Okay. Price of a good joke, I'm afraid. Are you knowledgeable about the entrance to the Sluice Cove? Sluice Weave?


What if we did like your Dimension Door? Is it too not very god-like if he's coming up the staircase like, hey?


So it's magic.


Grog will believe whatever you say.


I'm burying my shame, again. Burying the duergar.


I would like to talk with the sisters while that is going on.


Was he pointing at you?


I would not say no to it, but I can live without it.


Kuthok.


I don't know why you'd doubt us. Really, it's right here.


Bonus action, I will whisper to him  No fear. And stick one last dagger in his face.


Against my--


Okay I'm going to cast Hold Person at third level on both him and him.


Yeah. Motion sick?


I'm hearing this over the earring. I just heard that. I heard it. Vecna whispered to me, and I said that to everybody through the earring. She shouted back at me.


