I knock on the side of its head.


Yeah, it's-- Do you--?


I know. Just the dice is 22, plus five. So 27.


3d6-- (counting) 13 points of damage for the first one. The second one is a straight roll, the same thing, 19.


Haven't heard any footsteps or--


I didn't roll yet either, but I was going to crawl in through the hole in her floor if it's still there.


Can I use my Stone's Endurance?


Somewhere. We don't know where, exactly.


The other ogre.


Of course! Yes, of course I can.


Okay, I don't want to actually be that close to Scanlan, though, for the actual--


Why are you not Dimension Door-ing out of there?


Natural 20! Now roll 4d6.


You're from Deastok?


I don't want to touch it. It's a saddlebag bomb.


I don't think I actually see anything. I think I forgot my glasses.


No, man. We have been through this with our entire group so many times.


Oh, Coral, I forgot to tell you somethi-- fuck.


I giggle.


Wait! On the way, can I throw something in here? Halfway there I go: Argh! Oh my foot. Pike! Come here! and I pull her off to the side. We'll catch up, we'll catch up.


(sings) Goodbye my love!


Speaking of outsiders, you wouldn't happen to have seen a Lady Kima, would you?


Oh, that's true. We don't need her, we just need her brain.


Oh, get him, get him!


17 for the first. 21 for the second.


There is no walking away from the tower.


That's a great idea. Is there a way to move it sort of--


Let's get married.


Norda? I want to go to her and citizen's arrest kind of thing. Keep it quiet, don't need big accolades, will take gold, and then I'll bring that back and we can divvy that up. That's no problem.


(door creak) I don't know why I made the sound effect.


Well, you're further.


We'll circle back?


I'm not the first one to do that. And pass her, I want to jump down and land in front of Grog.


You don't need those.


Taking a sharpshooter shot. Natural 20 on the first shot. (all cheer)


I had a grandmother who did, okay?


Without a body?


That 75 gold?


What else do you need? It's all on me. If you hadn't stopped that shithead from leaving, I wouldn't have put a dagger in the back of his head, and we would've been looking over our shoulders for who knows how long, so everything's on me. Whatever you want, tell me. Not a carpet. I can't afford it.


And myself, as well.


Let's just keep listing words, guys.


You know what it-- yeah--


A witch?


Okay. And that's a time-consuming sort of thing?


Shit. Maybe he rolled really well on his dex save.


I'm going to hold-- I'm going to stay where I am and hold my action until I see somebody I want to shoot in the hallway.


Don't eagles have advantage?


Bracers of Defense, what do they do?


Oh, he did already. I've got it. I have a bomb.


We're just getting a message to them?


All right. I'm tiptoe-jogging behind Kima.


I'll mark that off.


He debated it for a while, and then-- (nervous laughter).


That will buy us so many candied apples.


How long is a long rest?


It's a 15.


Of stealthing?


Between him and Grog?


I did it, I did it.


With advantage. 35 for the first one.


Can we turn the circle? Does it move?


Oh, all right!


Like for a lot of money, would you stay?


No thanks. Shit. As my bonus action, I will have Bigby lift me up as high as I can go. See if I can see any of these fuckers.


Oh! Wait. Oh! 17, sorry.


He got four attacks, right?


I will gladly give you money, but first-- I'm going to cast Disguise Self, and turn myself into looking just like a normal halfling little girl and spend an hour at a cafe just having lunch and being a normal person.


I think I’m pretty good with this.


It's the darts.


Somebody needs to grab Molly. He's still over there.


I'm going to join you on that.


Yeah. Is it possible to bonus hide?


Plus you put the gauntlets on, which are good for structures, right?


(gasps) You have a healer's kit? Oh my gosh. I've always wanted one of these for so long.


Rise at sunrise? Rise at dawn?


How about we pose as brother and sister, creepy? (laughter)


Cry over you? Not quite that far. I'm staying against the wall. Yeah, that's better. Not that it matters very much. Then I'm going to shoot him with my holy damage/needle arrow.


Yeah, it would be Emon.


Let's deal with one problem at a time! That's a ten for just the damage.


To win!


Do we see any other sea life?


Did you go, too?


I go over and put my hand out and hold her hand and say, it's so very nice to finally meet you.


Is there any object that this person we're supposed to assassinate has that you have seen and know of?


Oh! What was that?


Yeah, so maybe we should stay left.


You want me to go? Yeah, sure. I'm going to move forward until I can see-- no, Frumpkin's going to go first. I'm going to pull a Shakäste and use Frumpkin to help me see in here.


Ooh, like the swamp thing? Do I look like the swamp thing?


Are you fucking kidding me? He's not Hunter's Marked.


No, not a natural 20.


Oh, wait. Hang on. Okay, has to be over 12, right? A saving throw? 17.


Mother Lucker.


It only listens to me.


We're so tired and it's great.


There's a little bit that we have to play this by ear. I think we should go at night to handle things when it is the least busy.


You could put it in the guts of Dottie.


The lodestones.


Yeah. Remember that. That's awesome.


I need that hand.


I am so sorry. I did not handle that very well. I was told to check for traps and I missed many of them and I will strive to do better in the future and I'm sorry and this one, this one's on me.


(singing) Love Boat.


I hand her one of the silk flowers from the festival. It doesn't press well, but, you know.


Warm doo. Thank you.


Not them. To the studying council, anybody who's been studying the object. I'm letting everybody know as quickly as possible. There's new information.


No, she didn't. Because I-- yep.


Fuck it. Let's do it. I'm changing.


No, it stays right there. It goes in and--


Too much body odor. Which one?


Six. Apply changes. (singing) D&D Beyond!


Is that part of your thing?


We still don't know how far that field goes. If you turn into Keyleth again, you're fucked!


Skywrite with clouds?


Yeah, that's late. It's not that late.


I release you from your slavery.


Yeah, fuck this thing. Let's get out of here.


I'm going to be at BAK-Anime this weekend. Two days only in Bakersfield, California. I will talk and I will go out in public.


So I'm going to try to do it as well, 'cause that's my skill as well.


Second one was a 20.


Okay, wait, before we go any further.


We should probably go to the blacksmith at some point.


Can I at least have the tether done, or is it still in progress?


We have been getting our hands dirty, a little bit. Are you sure you want to get your hands dirty with us?


Does he have any disadvantage or anything?


It's a greater healing potion.


Oh really? They're not as protective of certain knowledges as other parts of the government might be?


And I will, like a lottery, pick one at random to win all of this art signed by the artist. One-of-a-kind pieces that will certainly go up in value-- maybe even before I die! They will be worth a lot of money. And these are all going to a fabulous art collector out there. Thank you, Loot Crate! Thank you, artists! And that's it.


Good news. I rolled a one.


I think we all have earrings right now.


I mean, there's no way we can beat the amount of damage he did.


Fucking A, piece of shit!


That says that the door is trapped, not necessarily that the door is unopenable.


Okay. I'm glad I remembered that correctly because I was remembering it as a citadel and it's just a tower.


Northeast?


The phrase 'day-drinking' has already come up today.


The grit's not burned, so that's nice. These don't double, do they?


Don't you fucking fail at this.


Okay. Doesn't matter. I want the guy who hit me.


We're going to get wet.


No kidding!


I'm going to tell him to stand down, and tell all of his allies to stand down.


21!


You want us to go with you?


Are you going to attack the guy with it?


Pike and I will go with Vax.


They do normally, though.


I'm going to agree with the room. But you are nicer, which is different.


And I should have one attack. I should have an attack, right? Because I did the boots, I ran over here--


What is each person's favorite D&D monster?


We'll take the old one.


You're coming back after a break.


So that's Mass Cure Wounds, so does that heal--


I regain seven hit points.


That guy who I stuck an ax in is actually still alive.


Hold up. I've never seen that one before. He looks really suspicious.


So wonderful to see you. I give her a hug.


Brain suckers, something that sucks brains.


We're a bit of an awkward family, but we are trying.


And lasers in the background?


People-killer. People-killer! That's good!


No, tell him you are home. You are his home.


Several times.


Did you say Briorities?


(Grog voice) How thick is it?


She really does, let her sleep.


Out, out, out, out, out.


We have like 30 Handbooks around here somewhere.


Korshad?


For hundreds and hundreds of people?


Because girls wear skirts, obviously, that's what girls do.


20! 19 plus one!


Roll the dice! (singing) The adventure begins, they were always beside you, your nerdy best friends, and the DM to guide you. And they rise from the flames for the battles ahead. Villains beware 'cause you're about to be dead.


So go jump in it, is what you're saying.


You all look like shit!


As you should be. You're defying god.


C'mon, snitch.


Oh no, that was really bad. Five.


(blows raspberry) Eight.


My non-hairy skin. (all laugh)


Little clammy.


I'll throw acid at one, I guess.


That line we’re talking about right now. (all laugh)


We have time to check the temple.


Thank you David Norris!


Oh! Oh man, that's right. Now you have to stick to what you wrote. That's crazy.


But we need to know the ritual!


Did he ever regularly travel to anywhere in the walls of the city?


You know, I'm glad we got things that overlapped, though. That's good, I mean, it corroborates, exactly. Cool. Well, I found good news, Eskil, I mean, Riskel is still in town.


Oh, like some sort of astrolabe or something like that?


I'm going to stick close to Vex in case she needs backup, but also if Scanlan needs backup. Ready to run in.


I'm going to keep my eyes peeled as well.


There's no body!


Gotcha. Hey, Miss Jester? Apparently you picked something up in Zadash-- I'm supposed to see the thingy in your bag?


Could you pray on it and ask what Sarenrae would do?


Nott's sitting at seven. Oh, I'm at eight, actually. Eight.


My name is Sheagal.


Where's Vex now? She's over there? I'm going to go to the side of this glowy thing. Can I get there?


Actually, I don't know. I don't know.


That's right, and as Caleb can attest to, that image that we saw in the temple was three spheres. Three chosen people underneath the entity. I don't think they would have an influx of spheres to deal with.


So there is no Viscon, there's a Viscorad.


All right. I won't lie, I'm sort of-- Now that we're all together again, I wouldn't mind swinging by my old stomping grounds either.


Okay. Okay, that's fine as well. That's 25.


Good night. Thank you, Claudia, for all of this.


Grog, we got arrested while you were fighting, just so you know.


That worked. They're what?


She did not say I'm a fucking ghoul.


It's an interesting tech night. Ash and I are Skyping in from the USCSS Nostromo, which is a Weyland-Yutani vessel and if we fart out it's because we've been eaten by xenomorphs. Sorry.


Well, let's not get carried away.


Oh no! Not again!


Yeah. It snows a lot.


Bring something!


That's why I did this, so I could see the big mini, Matt.


He's totally looking!


Nice natural 20.


Why do you show your tricks?


Yeah, no, I was just having a Clockwork Orange moment.


No, I'll pay her in gold.


If it makes you feel any better, this feels less asinine than many things that we've done before.


Team ones. Whoo.


You did look pretty amazing, I'm not going to lie.


Stupid dragon.


Mm-hmm. Jester?


That's you! That's fucking you!


The sea breeze. At night, it's a land-breeze.


Unless he's unconscious.


Oh no. 16 plus-- what's his dexterity?-- zero, so 16.


I spilled coffee on my paper, and it looks like David Mack watercolor.


What's it made of. Is it metal or stone?


We don't necessarily have to sacrifice a dragon. We're fighting a war here. They're fuckers.


Well, tell us the juicy bits of it.


That was a good one.


(moans of disgust)


Focus, Vex! Focus.


We know that sound.


Scanlan, can you make a fake stupid body, can you make a scarecrow?


(laughs) Yeah, way to not use the copywritten one, yeah.


If you're the key, where's the lock? Where do we take you?


Was he perchance named The Gentleman?


I'm going to jump up on the table and watch it.


All right. I withdraw. And any change?


I know! Can we grind some gold really fast? File some?


We're nowhere near Shadycreek?


He's throwing in the dark in the direction where two guys, and he's threading them and hitting me?


We took too long.


Which, we have more than one sun, though, right? There's multiple suns in the sky?


Is the half?


I can't really look like me in this city right now. I punched a captain of the guard.


Yeah, great fucking call.


Does he have it now, or has he chucked it?


Oh, well, I had that completely fucking backwards. I take real good notes. What say you on such a dangerous expedition as this?


I don't want to sit behind you, I'll hang from it again. It's gross.


Kill the guards.


What's the play here? What's the game? What were you trying to get? Not that diamond. There's more to it than that.


It doesn't work that way, sadly. It's not--


Wait a minute, but doesn't the floor burn? Are we going to flip out of that shape real fast?


They're down towards the bottom, short rest or long rest.


Yeah, do it anyway!


Are they talking at all or are they all super-quiet?


Yeah. But it was just, you know-- You're flush. I understand.


Could he still be invisible?


We killed him.


--and they came over us and we popped out of the hole and we grabbed onto the cart and we rode under it and then we like chopped a hole in the bottom of the cart.


Well, I mean, it looks like there's not a main trade route.


What's his official title?


Maybe? A little lower than I thought I would be. Can I try to grapple again and try to get my sword back?


I'm with your beau.


Seven points!


The road goes through the swamp.


I know. And I'll follow you.


Thank god there's that cart right there.


While they're chatting, I'll step forward and I'll say: we all have a lot to think about. Talk with your friends and neighbors and come to know your own minds. This is a decision that has to be made soon, but not on the spur of the moment. Thank you for coming.


Am I hiding? Am I still hidden?


Make me look like Spiderman.


Yes! Oh! Yes, how about we have a trading company! How about some of our wares got stolen on the road on the way to Zadash by a group of bandits?


Aye, with the de Rolos.


There's Scanlan.


Oh, and it's plus my spell modifier? Is that what it is? Plus ten, so yeah, I need one more, so that's 17 points.


Uh, please don't. I'm very dainty.


Right, yeah. So you have nothing else that you can do? I know that you're going to fight his troops, but the fact of the matter is Vecna is a god. If we can't find some way to speak to Kord, we may not be able to save the world again.


Hey, Percival. Any chance you can load up one of Ripley's guns for me?


Different than Loot Crate?


Oh, does it?


The Blushing Tankard? Is that where we were going?


It's not, yes.


Doty did not raise me. He is a mechanical construct that I built when I learned how.


What am I fighting against?


I would just like a little bit of feedback so I know how to perfect it later.


I go back to the guard. Okay, I have a room here. I don't know if you need to escort me anymore because I'm staying here at The Pillow Trove, but I'm going to go, okay?


Wait, is this a saving throw? Just my modifier, so 17.


Who else would have gone into battle against Vecna?


That's all right. 20.


Well, I'm just following through on a promise made.


Don't worry, it can resist anything!


It's like looking into a dark mirror. I don't know how I feel about this very dark mirror right now.


That's... 16 and 20, 35 points of fire damage inside of its mouth.


I've got five hit points.


No, neither would I.


16 plus five lightning damage. And then, since he is next to Scanlan, I get sneak attack?


Lemurs!


Is it perception or what on that?


Okay. But I haven't given any.


Don't let these people tear you down, Grog.


Percy was the third child of 7 children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple, named Lord and Lady Briarwood, came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods’ men. As they ran, Percy’s sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (sound of a gun cocking and firing)


I remember, I remember. Yeah, I remember that.


Yeah. I don't know why, though. I didn't see anybody.


Oh, I did cast Healing Word. Yes, I cast Cure Wounds and heal, so I'm up.


Anything from his dad?


What're we doing? Researching something. Hotis? And like the Nine Hells.


I don't care about that, I care more about the kraken at this point. This is my life's work. Literally Keyleth's life work.


I'm gonna pull up a chair and sit down in front of him. Hi, there. My name's Greg. Greg. Yeah, I'm Scanlan's friend, Craig.


I'd like to make an athletics check. Athletics. See if I can spin it around and put it in my pocket.


She was right behind us!


After I've kicked her, I grab Keyleth by the shoulder and I start waking her up. Roc. Roc. Roc!


I think if I might translate. What my friend here is trying to relate is that, perhaps when the dust has settled, your salvation may either be found in the withering corpse or cackling smile of a creature that you are subservient to, who will take great delight in your destruction. Or perhaps in those you've aided who will feel grateful.


That's a bag of pastries!


Do we all get plus ten?


I magically make a cup appear.


How's that sandwich?


They would have known when they got to our keep.


I've never met a dwarf that wasn't surly.


Yeah, we didn't kill that many.


Beautifully said. Bravo. You should be a little performer in Kraghammer. You know what the reviews would be? Not very good! Shameful behavior. Abysmal behavior from the Abyss itself!


Yeah, he got me.


I legitimately have no idea.


Yeah, through all material.


I mean, you guys have your weapons drawn. I'm assuming-- Are we going to do this or what?


A pit?


Nobody stopped you? You got in all right?


I am tall.


Bonus action with the glowing sword goes down into the hyena.


I'm pulling the armor off.


How many does it sound like?


Don't worry Matt, you just have to talk for three straight hours.


Great. Good. Great.


Like where you have the--


Not really, but let's just wing it!


I'm going to pull out a fancy robe from my bag and I'm going to try to fly towards the orb.


(deeper voice) Check it out. Check it out, that's pretty hot, right? It makes my--


Is it a worm? It's a snake.


No, I mean I have--


Thanks. Did you hear all of that?


Like, 50 gold. It was so affordable.


Of his.


I was going to become a purple worm. They're excellent at burrowing and are big and could make a big tunnel.


It has some colorful patches on it, yes. But they're not shiny.


When we were trying to bring you back, I kind of sort of-- And I come down off of his feet (laughs) and stand up--


Bring it. I'm excited. (cheering)


Are we about to do this now? I'm going to Bless, taking a cue from Caduceus, on Yasha, Beau, and Fjord.


No, this is not going to be dangerous, right? We're just going to talk to some friendly people.


Maybe that's the third place that we go. I will point out your point, which was that these crazy bastards are very distracting and strange, yeah?


A life not lived.


Should we change to a different hotel?


That was unfortunate.


Yeah, because he's surrounded. All right, so I'm up on his shoulders at this point. One plus seven is eight, plus ten, 11, 16, that's 21, 23.


The carvas. Of course.


Where's the wind one?


It's just called the Sluice.


Look, I know some people. Why don't we bag this thing up and we'll take it right over to--


Feel out whether you would raise Uk'otoa from the dark and join its dark ways?


And you of course.


62.


Yes. Which is very strange.


How crazy-- I don't know if I can do Minor Illusion that way right now. So I'm going to call Hex on that first guard there.


That's 11, right?


What? Is it going well?


(whispers) Can you instill an inspiration?


Master Quall, and I will admit, I'm vaguely indifferent about whether or not he gets his property back, but I am very keen to find out what that property is, and what else he left if he left that.


Just wanting that out there.


Have you been in this tournament before?


Which I am hoping that you never do.


Damn these runes. Okay, fine. I will do Glacial Blast right up to the door.


That is not that good. That is 13.


Oh, that's amazing. Cool. Perfect.


Yeah. I'm throwing, then, at her.


I'm Sam.


Are we talking about next week?


Sorry, around. The shortcut.


Oh, never mind.


15. It doesn't actually do my regular arrow attack damage? It's just-- wow. My spells are useless compared to my regular attacks.


I mean, what are you going to do with a flying thing in a narrow stairway? We've seen inside, we scryed inside. It's a very narrow stairway going up.


Oh no, he's injured!


Yeah. I've never seen anything like this.


We're going to fight here? I thought we were going to do this out of town.


But maybe they're all hypnotized or something.


How you holding up? Can I go under you? Can you be like a shelter for me? Like a lean-to?


DM is very excited.


How far away are we from it?


That's those square things.


You think he could do that?


Pike? How are you?


I imagine it's a whippet that looks like the Matrix of Leadership from Transformers. (singing) "You got the touch!"


You're both discovered and killed.


For one round, I can be like, this tree is a portal and we walk through the tree and it goes to another tree as long as I know of that tree's existence.


Kash, it's the big bird.


We need to get this one back to the circus, too. You might be helpful for that.


Also, as a result of us not mostly knowing how to sail, you are also the first mate.


And as a bonus, there is a diamond at the bottom of the cliff, if you're feeling nimble.


Maybe a lake? An underground lake?


No, no, no, we left him with Wilhand.


That's where we met!


Wait, I'm getting attacked by someone else, too?


Doty?


Well, we are a traveling group of hired guns who can get shit done. We are a varied group of people. Some of us learn and some of us are good at smashing skulls. We would do any kind of work if it were presented to us. That's who we are. We're a motley group of assholes.


I have transmutation.


We seek a key.


A purple worm erupts from the middle of the floor--


Yeah, but the voice from above said I can't glide the sword with me, but I should be able to grab it and then concentrate--


Goddamn. That's a natural 19 on one, and a natural 16 on the other! Plus 12 for both of those.


Five. Not to brag.


Gingerly, I take it up.


No! No. No, no. No.


Yeah, and to look at the stuff Caleb identified for us.


That's 20.


I'm just going to say  I felt bad for you before, but now you should be scared.


He's ignoring me.


Is that all you wanted to say?


Wow. We went there.


I'm gonna try to see if there's a dragon within--


But it's still another three or four days.


Either blinded or deafened.


A nine?


This is his favorite thing to do, to hold a card and watch all of us wait for him to show it to us.


Asp. Hole.


All of us except for--


All right. I have a small flask of Courage. I feel like she would appreciate this.


Reckless.


See to whatever business you need to.


You want to buy them out real fast? Let's go!


Oh gods! It's painful!


Yeah, get the fuck on out! Nobody wants you here, anyway!


Two attacks towards me?


(laughs) Okay, I'll take it.


All right. One day.


But he's a sponge!


Is there another door in this building?


But we have some really great bands coming through, it's going to be a lot of fun and we're going to finish out the night with some Beatles Rock Band so that's going to be really cool. And on top of that and Group Hug tomorrow, Disney is really excited about the Ant Man Blu-ray release so they're sending us-- (audio echo)


Oh, I think there was one thing. Tell us everything about you! Are you fucking kidding me?! Leave! Leave, Horris! Leave!


Should I grab Scanlan and pull him in?


Percy and I walk in.


I think I may have enough dice to go to-- one for each and every critter.


How do they make you sound differently? It feels like you sound different because of the gloves. I think it's just in my head.


Vecna can probably hear him.


I don't know how I would put it on there.


And keychains.


Have you heard what happened?


What are me and Cad doing?


Here's the deal, Anna. You do what we ask, you do not betray us, you do not make our life difficult in any way, and you have my word that you will leave Whitestone unmolested by us. If I sense the slightest hint, if I have a moment where I think that you might make a run for it, if I have a moment where I think you may cough inappropriately, I would ask you to think about everything you did to me, and I would like you to know that I have learned so much more than what you taught me that day, and I cannot wait to show you. And I will. But not until I find you again.


So still him and you?


Enjoy your Player's Handbook 5E.


-- so we're all not going into one entrance? Flank a motherfucker?


No, because a crossbow you don't roll at disadvantage.


No, really? No one told you?


I'm staying in the forest.


Remember to shop at Gilmore's Ruined Rubble. (laughter)


I should bring somebody with me.


(whispering) Who has that shit?


So I'm running off and then Percy takes off? So I can't get to him?


Oh, that's great. Well then we can use it in conjunction. Because I can use Primeval Awareness and find any dragons within six miles.


Yeah, I'm going to back into the corner and keep this Wind Wall up.


Oh man, buddy cop, go!


Ja, how are you feeling about your chances now, after watching the bloodbath?


Yeah, we're trying to get fucked. Can we move along?


A wallet.


What you got?


I don't know, Scanlan.


I'm wondering with that whole, you know--


Can you see our heads now?


And you've seen it leave these stones, these lodes?


Wait, that's your whole move?


That's two natural ones in my turn.


Lots of diseases.


(sputters) Hold on. You mean they squeeze the asshole of something out there?


You have five d20s right now.


It's too big to fit in its own house.


Let's go to Pumat's and let's get the rest of them together, I'm sure by now--


We're at the bottom of the cave.


Yeah, but we want to save him. Let's see if we can do this, first.


We don't know what we don't know, Matt.


I have 34,000 gold pieces.


I want to turn the ground directly underneath Umbrasyl into mud.


Yeah, look in it.


She's about to be terrible.


I promise, no tricksy business from me.


Do they have to be alive?


That'll be fun. All right, let's do it. We will both enter your competition.


So we'd have to go through the town just to get there?


Holy shit, the dog and the weasel survived. A hundred foot swim underwater.


She wants to be our friend.


He's in the room. (laughter)


I'm going to bring her back.


She’s a bad motherfucker.


(strained voice) It was a good moment. That was really impressive.


Grog! Stop it!


We call ourselves Vox Machina.


Maybe you should not go first.


Okay. And I'm assuming that I'm not strong enough to pull on that chain, right? I can try. I'm going to try.


Wow, that's been a while.


Can I still yell out shit while this is happening? Even though it isn't my turn?


I got a little too aggressive?


--way before we're even dead--


How long has the sun been down?


Suck it, bitch!


We should pick her up and carry her around the bar.


29 hit points to both of you immediately.


I think it's octopi.


I'd like to say maybe selling our shit now. That way it doesn't get robbed in the night.


Ten... 14.


I sort of figured. I figured everyone else figured at this point, really?


♫ Bum bum bum! ♫


But I'm in melee, so if he leaves, I can hit him.


I did, but not for that much.


Herr Clay, we are dealing with a time-sensitive situation. You are looking for a segue out of this predicament you're in?


You're kind. You're very giving.


It's a solid gate?


Oh, yes they would.


The gauntlet has been thrown!


Some of them can try to like swing the grapplings around the ankles--


And we have a time limit.


Scanlan, not over the speakers! Not over the phone line!


You are unable to speak to the law here?


Who else am I missing, huh?


I'm moving a little closer, just a bit, stay there.


You point that out as well?


No. Manshoon or Fandango?


Okay, so how far did I just go?


I can't do anything! It's great.


Get your head out of your ass.


Fuckin', just cool your jets.


They're all right. I'm using my last 5th-level spell for this.


We need to deliver Ripley's arm back in Ank'Harel.


We don't know if there's going to be air on the other side of that, though, so we need people that can--


I am on fire, aren't I?


(licking sounds)


So let's find the upstairs entrance and get rid of that--


Don't you do it.


No, these are regular attacks.


Okay. I'll give him ten.


Yeah. It could be to pass over their house.


I'm on it with Vex.


Brutal Critical is one additional damage die during critical hits.


Giant scorpion. Athletics. Plus my dex, I'm assuming?


You might be right. Yeah, let's go have a look.


No please, lead on. We're quite anxious to get there.


Korren of the Ashari, who is one of the headmasters.


Oh, but that's cocked! It's cocked, but it's a 20, but it's cocked. Okay, that's still good. 24.


You know this person, don't you?


(groans) Okay. That yellow one behind me, that's Keyleth, right?


How much of a gap is there between the last trailing-behind Scalebearer and the golem?


He is very thin.


As well as the fact that you spit in my face. I'm going to leave that here. We're going to cross out these doors. None of it happened.


Nine. Then I'll use my hasted action to disengage just in case he can curb stomp me and I want to fly to here and hover ten feet above that chunk of cake. Just remember I'm floating.


A d10?


I don't know. Stealth as much as we can and then take them out? I don't know.


Who has-- This is-- who has charisma-based spells?


(chanting) Level five, level five.


That would be really cool, though.


Yes. Knew that.


No, you cannot buy any. But the Crutch here will look into it while we're gone. We won't have any until we get back, though.


I want to start moving toward my friends. How far can I get toward Keyleth and Kynan and Trinket on my movement?


Oh, sweetie. Bath time.


Hello, water-based culture, would you happen to have some goggles lying around we could borrow, maybe something that's to communicate underwater, I don't know?


Did you get a name or a face, I mean, are we going--


I still like that idea better.


I splashed some water on my face.


(nervous) I don't know.


Aw, 21. But still good.


That ain't no good.


It is I, Brad Pitt from Legends of the Fall. (laughter)


There is. Throw him in. Fine, we'll throw him in the fire.


We're about to get really fucking active.


Maybe he knows what's going on.


So this is gonna be funny. I'm gonna take my 2d6, and that's six points of psychic damage to me, that's cool, that's cool.


It's Kuthok. Kuthrek. Yai. And ermahgerd.


Oh my god, we're going against Gandalf right now, you guys.


Was I Traci again?


Do some tricks! Do some tricks! Start clapping and, like, dancing around.


I'm going to burn a Resolve.


I would just think that meant you love me.


There were six or seven beds, and I heard voices under the trap door. I know they're there. My son is not dead. He is there underneath the trap door.


And as they're going out, we get in the trees.


Frau Lavorre, you have such a lovely daughter. She's so charming and such a spitfire. It has been such a pleasure to get to know her. I've been curious for weeks now, almost months-- I think it's been almost months-- what she was like as a child, because she's such a joy now.


So maybe this is us earning our name.


Damn it, Janet! All right, Trinket's just going to try to claw him.


Sorry, Yasha. This is a lot. If you don't want to answer, I understand.


No, we got this. It's okay.


I would like to use movement to zip up to the top and look around.


Advantage on attacks?


Oh shit. Danger sense!


Oh, damn it. Okay.


Only with Greater Invisibility, you can.


Is "El Vecna" Spanish for Vecna?


Before I ran over here, I'm going to Caleb. I'll hit you on the shoulder and say, bless you. And I'm going to give you Blessing of the Trickster just in case you want to stealth because you're squishy, yo.


You going to rebuild, give him a fine plaque?


Grog, slap me really hard across the face right now.


Do I know where that is?


Yeah, we could.


That was so good.


I mean I get no--


That's relevant. Accurate.


Wasn't he the guy who sketched us and was creepy?


Sam's here.


Yeah, I just looked it up and I'm sorry.


Or the exact amount.


Yeah, I have Gloves of Missile Snaring. I intercept it.


Guy Lombardo, but Don Pardo would've been amazing.


Hopefully quieter than that.


Is it like one of those old-school leather helmets?


We have a lot of Pop-Tarts, but not very many gold pieces.


Of course I know more than Ioun.


A gelatinous cube!


Okay, I'll think about it.


Do you know what booze is?


Nope. It is 15 feet high. You're correct. He hops the fence.


Yeah, it's a 29.


Indeed. Trouble stirring up. You hear anything about that?


Ooh. Wait, are you resistant to poison?


All right, this one is the acid; these two are booze. And now I will try to (rapid movement)--


Yeah. Nope.


Just got to relax.


The grick things? Yeah.


Y'all are downstairs?


Do you want to draw a mustache on it, or something? A dick butt?


What's your fucking name? You guys got weapons out. What's going on?


How does he send you these, I assume, incredible gifts?


(elated laughter)


I get the feeling that you guys knew each other.


I have no money, Tary.


(irritably) Do you see the giant mess in front of me right now?


Do you have dead arm?


False serpent.


Side and up. 'Cause they can look sideways.


No, that's not true at all.


I keep him steady and I walk next to him.


21 on investigation.


They're somewhere, I suppose.


Oh, but I Counterspelled it at 8th-level. Ooh! (laughter)


Those are both very dangerous.


You lost me.


Don't talk him out of it.


I'm real good with directions but, let's be honest.


In my head, I was an awesome cartoon, and it worked.


Can we meet him?


Okay. Fjord is going to-- Am I standing right next to Caleb?


He has been marked!


I try to hit him with an arrow.


Yeah. And I've got a skinny little broom, so I'm not flapping any wings.


Well, yes, but he doesn't take up much space.


Let's drop five points of Cabal's Ruin into that. That's 5d6, if I recall?


Yawn.


Start rolling different dice!


Go find Eskil. Somebody else is going to go find out from him, right?


So she doesn't know I copied. I can't do it tonight.


(deep voice) Jon Snow!


Okay, so I'll do two, and then use the third one to reload.


So not a looker is what you are saying.


Okay. I put my legs up on the wall and (grunts).


Do we all have to go inside to talk to him?


So we're alone?


The dark cloud aids his rolls.


Oh no. Would you all-- there's plenty more, would you all like to join me and have a sip?


Please help.


Nice to meet you, Caleb. How much silver did I just get?


Okay, the official digital toolset for Critical Role is D&D Beyond.


On a side "night"--


Badger. Badgers burrow, right? Do badgers burrow?


No. That sounds wonderful, but if we get people out, they're going to know something happened.


There's two.


Probably just the fu man.


I'm still on fire, right?


Oh, absolutely!


I'm so scared of all my dice right now.


Oh. Whoa!


-- having Truesight, if anything has Truesight, like the archdevils--


That is.


Is that your cart, or did it belong to someone before you?


Wait, is she alive? Did you check her?


(stammering) Do I notice anything?


Caleb is popping his hood up over his head and face.


You took away my playmate!


Can I move ten feet closer to Scanlan, and do the classic Van Damme movement and stand between stalactites in the ceiling and hide with my bonus action.


To Nugget or your mom?


We could just use mud from outside.


Don't make it weird, man.


I just fucking bust through, apeshit-style.


It's an hour, that it takes.


There's only three of them.


We have to take it off of him, quick!


I'll use the spyglass.


Ooh, she'd be pretty great.


Yes? Oh, go through, go through, go go go!


Then I will get sneak attack damage and I would like to use, oh good god, Divine Smite on the attack.


I know, don't hurt him. He's wonderful.


Yeah. I run over to Scanlan. How jacked-up are you?


I take notes!


I guess I don't see eyes on the other thing, so I will step out and fire at one of those heads.


Run, Tiberius!


This place is creepy as shit.


You can call on your deity, and you roll a percentile die, and you can have them help you with something.


Can I use my bonus, though? Do I have a bonus action on top of that?


Does it look like anybody can see us?


(laughing) Please. Please be enough.


Oh yes, what about?


And one is icy valley, the other one is, what, zombie dwarves?


I had a 22.


Oh, it's me? Okay, I'm going to-- Oh, she's grappling him?


And I couldn't try and do a nature check to try and figure out what direction the wind was coming from when it hit me during the scry?


However, she is aware of our presence, now, isn't she?


There is a dice graveyard, and I spent a lot of money on these really beautiful amethyst dice.


Okay. And I'm going to shoot him.


Looking for lodging for the evening. We've been on the road for some time.


Okay, well that'd-- concentration?


The slaying, right. The slaying was in the basement, but the imp was in a library upstairs--


(extra posh) I'm using Alter Self.


Let's. I think we should try this.


We'll see if I feel better.


Okay, because there's a lot of people grappling him.


If we did it at a temple, perhaps.


Roll 4d6.


(whisper chants) Scrap metal! Scrap metal! Scrap metal!


Good job, Nott!


Don't let go, Nott!


He's being very nice today.


Sneak-attack damage.


Disintegrate. You could've been dead.


This ain't going to be no thing. It's going to be great. It's going to be beautiful.


Motherfucking ninjas!


Do you see anything around us?


Oh. Am I still in my--


(pigeon cooing) Magical traps.


Bye, bitch.


- because I’m not carrying him alone, because he’s heavy.


Don't open it! Your hands will touch it and it will no longer be mint! (groaning)


Plus five. So 11.


Is that what you're being paid for up there?


43 points of damage!


I fly back up.


We should probably let them know as soon as possible.


Do I need a further investigation check to discern their nature?


I run to the edge with Vax, since I saw fucking Kima go over.


The longer we wait, the harder it will be.


You're welcome!


Taliesin, you looked taller in that Signal Boost.


Waterfall is where on that map?


Well, that's not great. Just straight athletics?


Am I light enough for him to take me in?


It's made from, like, flesh?


Sure, it was like a long 'a' like a Vaaax.


You would know, right?


Should we just wing it?


(chanting) Tova. Tova. Tova.


Eight points of intellect damage. What does that mean, precisely?


We need to do a bit of shopping, but then we do have-- you're not quite done, are you?


I chase after the crownsguard.


You do it, we act like we did something, we start running.


Yeah, fuck that dress!


Oh shit, they are.


Hi Vax.


Fall over and be unconscious, is what Doty would do.


(laughing) And 28 on the second one.


Very absorbent fancy robe.


Wouldn't that be-- that's mormons!


So it's bridge, town, tunnel.


It's a medicine roll over and over and over again.


What's the range on the earring?


No, it's far.


What's that do? What's that?


Anything else we should go back for, as well?


I was going to do something to Sylas but fuck it, we're going to hit her.


Yeah, right? So good!


Smut you shall have!


Stealthing.


Yeah, but it's Vax.


I mean, does an armored bear shit in the woods? Oh yeah, I want to see it! Let me see it.


Yeah! You 7,500 people, fucking thank you, man. Thank you.


Jason Charles Miller, who does our music.


Would I know?


I am going to use-- what is the thing? The Cloak of Shadows? I'm going to use Cloak of Shadows on myself.


Well, I don't know who these people are, what kind of ship they've come in on. I mean, this can go one of two ways, either very amicably or we all die.


What is this world? How does time work here?


You call him Kibble?


How close together are the bars to this cell?


(laughs) You can call us The S.H.I.T.s.


That's so funny.


She? Who is she?


Ki point. Two more hits. First one hits, barely, but hits with a 13.


Oh, there's six of them? Oh, wow, yes!


We really should have a conversation about that.


What direction is it coming from?


What's he saying?


(doosh doosh doosh doosh doosh)


Do I know how much these things tend to cost?


Tary, you have Luck!


Oh! Oh, great. I'll do that. And I'll do it at level two. Thunderwave.


Do you have an extra necklace that turns chocolate milk into, like, healing?


So you don't see shit. Shut up.


Nott is like a cat clinging to the ceiling. She's like a cat on a hot tin roof.


And I discus the thing and (whoosh).


No, I've got to look like a slave-master. Senny, what would I look like?


I'm not looking.


Oh, cool!


How was traffic?


Okay. I'm sitting with my tea and my tools, trying to ignore these people.


(shouting) There is a circus toad's remains at the docks! I would like to put this town's fears to rest. I am looking for-- What's her name? Yorda.


I toss Percy ten gold to reimburse him a little bit.


We could always send it straight away to Whitestone. But...


He's barricaded the door, that's a good thing, that's a really good thing.


I have a question. We've got one of the Vestiges in these Titanstone Knuckles, made from the heart-stone. If I left the plane with these, are they gonna blow everybody up?


(counting) He's exactly 60 feet in the air. I have to get directly under his butthole. Can I get directly under his butthole?


Achtzehn. 18.


Oh, perfect!


I don't know if there's time for all of that. It'd be great, though. Tary, you're really good at crafting, right?


Ten. I don't remember!


All right. I give you one more.


Why is he taking a picture again?


Wait, do I have advantage, or that's it?


That is amazing.


(laughing) Oh my God.


I guess we all need some-- what's everybody else at?


No, the other way. Yeah, yeah. And say, Vex, catch!


I jump back.


Yeah. On that waterfall of ugliness.


(whispering) What's your dwarf name?


I'm using it!


And I'm going to move the Spiritual Weapon with my bonus attack, or can I not do that?


As Molly looks over, I'm like (blows).


Mixed with Ice Road Truckers?


Hamster ball.


What is happening?


We'll help you find your son. Keep it together in there, all right?


It changes the amount of volume, but I actually do change volumetrically in size though. I can get several feet shorter. It's a firbolg thing.


How spread out are they?


Just don't make it like Ring girl, okay? Or like The Grudge.


Are any of them in berets?


'critrole'. The code is 'critrole'.


Guys, use the code 'lootcrate' to get 10% off your monthly loot crate.


Sounds so familiar. Man.


Well, 16, but that's fine.


You should put it under the thing.


Oh, great. Thanks, Pike.


I will use my insane climbing speed of ten? (laughter)


Ashley, we can see the sparkle on your eyes is messing with the cameras. Can you also wear something over your eyes? So, headphones and also cover your eyes.


Well, yes, it makes perfect sense, Clarota. I would think they would grant you a hero's welcome, as well.


Fuck. All right, I'll hold.


What? No Bill and Ted? All right. Wode and Wade. My word!


Would you know your way around if you went back to the prison? I mean, do you think you'd know your way through the halls?


Breathe.


Grand Poobah and First Tour Captain of Whitestone!


Bye, Sam.


Oh this foyer of Whitestone Castle was defended by myself and these fellows against the onslaught of dragons, giants, and hordes of undead. It has been in the de Rolo family for millennia.


You said this is the Starosta, right?


Can I hug that pillar and say, (panting)?


And I go  no, seriously dude, did you see that?!


I think we can wait until morning, though. How's the city looking? Are people ransacking? Are there looters?


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe, where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down, Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood, unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


Yes, from the exalted weapon that I got from Saundor.


Yeah, it's not like he wouldn't know where we went if we left, anyway.


Now that I know it's there.


I'm going to do a Thorn Whip. Thorn Whip them to me.


To be fair, we also did sort of release the mind flayers from their evil dictator.


No, let's keep a distance from them and be another group of people coming into the city.


And then blow it up and run.


We'll see how well-- hmm.


Let me check. I'll be right back.


Against 14 which is my spell level thingy.


Yeah, north is that way, and I point north.


Things are a lot more complicated than you can even imagine. Please come in, we need you.


Speaking of those friends. You said these rakshasas are master manipulators. Is there a group or an organization here that has it out for us?


No, he should have offered way more money for you.


All right, we move accordingly.


One in my hand, and one on the ground. But I've got it like this.


I forgot I had to talk to Percy about something. Bye. Good to see you.


I'm just going to troll. Hi.


Oh. All right. I think I get a bonus still, maybe?


Because Matt doesn't want to sing.


Please check on Water Closet!


Jacking off. Oh man.


What about Jarett? He was supposed to be keeping an eye on them.


Sorry, sorry. Sorry, the other big goliath leader.


I guess we can go back then.


Caleb Widogast, and this is my friend Fjord.


We should heal up and get ready to take this to Whitestone in the morning, yes?


Yeah. I told you a fucking secret though. I also kind of told Yasha the secret. You and Yasha know the secret.


Ch-ch-ch-ch-check it out.


No no no! Keep stalling!


I stick my foot out right when she runs by.


Wooden shafts.


You're gonna kill this thing!


He's got the Spiritual Weapon.


Yeah! (all laugh)


What you will.


I love tails. Ooh, and that's my favorite color. What magic did she--


Just goes up and says hi to people.


Yeah, but he's on this side of the table.


That does help, yes.


I'm going to take a look at that purple-- is there only one of those little purple glowing rocks that seems to be creating light?


Mama?


Cool. I'm in the womb again.


Oh god! Oh no, but wait, I took damage last round, too.


You like the bone dirtdevil?


Lillith? That's so pretty.


Attack with my reaction!


Yeah. They're all right.


You don't seem enthusiastic about that wish.


Then I think we should go. We can handle it. Yeah, I'm ready.


I drop to my knees and do a Commune with Nature.


It's fine, I still have the boots. Just the wings. It was death or wings. I chose wings.


I have a shield. Do you need a shield?


Those beads.


All right. That's ten points of damage. The second dagger hits him, I hope. 19?


Trish the Dish! Trish the Dish!


I'm a playwright, guys.


Boonzy Arts candle. Scent-sy Saxecutioner.


Maybe she's vibrating on the ground. Like when a pager goes off.


No no no. I said we stay in the area, but I wanted to check on my brother because I feel like he's taking awhile.


I can't wear two things on my head.


You will die!


Yep. All right. So that is a 23.


Then why did we get mimosas and go shopping when we had our girls' day?


Take care, darling.


Who wants it for tomorrow? Or for next, for after the fight?


Thanks, Pike die.


Did Pike roll?


To go with the package?


This might have been the first town we did good.


We can go in there!


I want to attack the Elder Brain.


Is there a way to control it?


Definitely the theater.


Because maybe it'll tell us where he went!


I'm casting Detect Magic.


Yeah. Let's. But you always have a choice.


How do you know that this is my destiny?


You want to come?


No, that was Keyleth. Sorry.


That's my distance.


Yeah, I'm okay. It was a rough night.


Do you think we should--


Any looking-magically thingies?


You're not gonna go up in the tree?


That's so weird.


Yeah, but every time you heal me and heal me and heal me, it's taking away from something else mechanically.


Thank you, we're kind of famous now.


These buildings are sad.


So we gotta go into the barracks.


I wouldn't touch that. That might, ooh.


Oh shit! It's me. Okay.


Can I vial any of the blood?


A very dead guy.


Scanlan, you as well.


Yeah, I got it-- you now have a trap arrow.


That's what tails are for.


Like the internet, we like to obsess about your every little movement.


I'm super fast.


Invisible!


I think that's true.


I feel like there's more coming.


What if we dismantle the gems?


I was going to say, what was the number? Because that thing's got to have a low AC. What's the actual number?


So go wrestle it?


Totally. If you can find a group of friends that you can openly play D&D with, without them judging you.


Does he have teeth and scales and neat things?


What book?


You're lying.


I am definitely proficient in mail fraud.


Can I walk over to one?


I got a total of 20.


The thing that he killed the old lady with.


Are there any weapons that the merrow dropped? The hook or the spears? Or were they tridents or anything?


Would we have learned something about it in Syngorn?


All right, I'll save it. I'm going to transfer the Hunter's Mark to the one attacking my brother.


Yeah, yeah, do that!


You have to stick it on your forehead.


Your accent is perfect. Don't change a thing.


Calligraphy's very impressive.


I'll take the opposite side that he's doing.


Yeah. Okay. That's a beautiful building. They're all wearing the same thing.


There's also some whipped cream if you want to dip.


Talking to Grog!


You might want to check in with our contacts there. They might have the best knowledge.


Jesus, these things are so vicious.


I understand how you would think, because I wasn't quite myself, but--


Oh, you shithead.


Yeah. I go rummaging through my pack really quick and I pull out a licorice root and stick it into my mouth and bite onto and I start muttering to myself and I say, "Pick up the pace," and I cast Haste on Beauregard.


Oh my gosh, oh my gosh!


Are we a yellow cloud, a white cloud?


The people?


Oh, I need. I'll take, definitely. Thank you.


Really? That's how she talks at home? Oh, boy.


You want me to ask Doty? Or you want me to ask Tary?


Yeah, I pop back up.


All right, well, it'll start working its way up there.


That'll definitely help.


(Mickey Mouse voice) Haha! I think I'm going to flee. Let's all swarm, come on, we can do it.


We have all three?


Asshole!


If I was the person who designed this, why would I put a failsafe in here?


Yeah, if he's there. I just don't want to go out of our way looking for him and all of a sudden have the guilt of, you know.


She's nice. Why? Let's kill her.


We could camp on top of the cart because we won't be on the ground, it's warmer on there.


Oh, that's amazing.


We're not all so limited, but that's your thing; that's fine. I can't even use it on you, but I've got it. And I'm going to miss you. I'll be gone soon. I don't even know if we have time. A lot of us could be dead soon, but I'm not offering you this thing, but I'm offering you an experience. (cheering)


I mean, that's.


Right, the third sphere, and I have the second.


A drip-line?


(yelling) Fuck!


(robotic voice) It's all good.


No, you're six? 12 feet tall.


Is my elemental still going rogue?


No, Dimension Door me in, please.


I also don't want you tired tomorrow.


One we're saving for him.


I'm running right at it.


Are you counting, Ash?


That's not all he can do. Caleb, tell them all the stuff you can do. It's really impressive!


Also 15.


Sam?


I'll take something interesting.


Should I try and get these fuckers off, or should I just kill the damn thing?


As I move out?


Let's land on the roof.


Wait, was Duncan the nerdy guy?


Okay, so that is 19, which fucks up.


As much as I can carry.


Ooh, look at me, well-positioned.


He strikes me as the sort of person who doesn't want to be held responsible--


What is it? What'd we get?


We don't have the mansion tonight.


They'll probably melt eventually.


More of a pamphlet, actually.


(sighs) Right. The world's really big.


Thanks, Backblaze!


What do you mean, finally? They do that every week.


He kills one guy. I snap the other guy's neck.


(laughs) That was, like, such a grandma reaction. "Ooh!"


They came up behind me, right? Yeah, so you're talking into your ear to me.


If we can get to the edge of the bog, then we'll take a sleep.


Six. Can I take my retaliation strike against him?


No. What? Why? They're already at the top.


That's pitiful.


It's a guy on a scaffold with a scrub brush going, "Ew. Ew."


Oh, really.


Okay. Can I go ahead and take this time to do--


They're iron, right? I would say that with Nott piggybacking, Caleb would take his dagger and transmute it into iron to meld with the cannonball and grip it that way.


You're going to take everything that you can grab in there.


Oh, it's really good we're not standing on it!


We could cut them free?


If we've stopped pursuing, does that take us out of initiative?


Are they my size?


Is there any way to see what the name of that ship is? Is it on the side of the ship at all?


Oh no. This couldn’t have gone better.


Fair-skinned.


I could get knocked out by a crownsguard right now.


Yeah, and out of his swinging range.


Boosting Taliesin!


Oh, yeah, never mind, okay. (all laugh)


I want to make an arcana check.


What's our proximity to him?


He always takes a picture, he always takes a picture. It's a thing.


The way I always go. Dimension Door.


I can't do that.


Nila gives him a big hug!


I don't remember any of this.


(rock noises)


It can't be hard--


You get advantage.


Very carefully see what's up there and find some cover.


We do have an Air Ashari.


Yeah. Never mind. Nine is a 20.


We traveled to the Shadowfell. There was a tower, and he had servants. He had powerful servants. A woman that we've fought before, and another, a man, a creature. I don't know. With a blade, a dark blade. And he was too powerful for us. He crushed us.


Yeah, I would not turn down some delicious boar.


Which is it? Which is it?


That's a good name. Names are important.


But I'm wondering if you can, like, if I can transform into a monster and then you with Polymorph can maybe just transform.


I have a little more inside knowledge than one should.


She said, "Do you have any more questions?"


I wouldn't know from reading anything, I wouldn't have a vague idea of where to go? I have a theory at the moment, but it's pretty light.


It could be four sphinxes.


I put it down and I pat it and I--


Love you, Pike!


You would have been tortured and brainwashed. Sold and probably killed in a few months in a horrible--


I'm a charismatic guy.


Fjord. It's been an honor fighting in your Victory Pit.


Okay, it's a failure, so that is 3d8.


I mean, we could watch Vorugal, see what's going on, see what his behavior is, and also prepare a little bit more with the Ravenites. But, that happening, you might have to inform them that he's not actually going to have a--


Okay. Cool beans.


I'll pull a single sword and guard Caleb.


Oh, yeah. Cats can see.


Yeah, I'll stay down here as bait.


Try again. Inspiration it?


What is the benefit for us?


Real soggy.


You're alive!


I'm all right with that.


The second I see her, Delilah, I will cast Lightning Bolt on her.


She's hiding in the ball. We can't get to her.


Okay. Well, I guess I'll go.


Love you guys.


Who-- what-- how-- why are you on the boat?


Acrobatics! That is a 19.


You're close to being full? Hold on, how many more lives do you need?


Don't worry, we have many places we'd prefer to keep this way.


I'll do the uppercut with the other one, and the one that has its teeth in it, I want to go right between the bridge of the nose and get the teeth right in the eyes and break the nose bridge into the brain. You know that thing? Yeah.


Oh right, he's attacking, right, right. He has talons.


All the same. Maybe stay away from direct light, you know? If you can stay a little bit away from it.


You're going to get the poops if you do it.


I'll take an athletics. What do you think, athletics or? Oh, no no. I'll acrobatics it with disadvantage.


Yeah. That was the only time you actually--


Wait, wait, wait, what's our plan here?


There's only one way to find out.


Not too good.


I don't even know what you do with that much money, this is ridiculous.


Ja, who are these friends of yours up north?


(laughs) No!


Magic Missile!


Right as he lets him go. We need the mass.


He goes invisible? He's not teleporting, he's just invisible. That's a big thing.


(groans in pain)


Did it have a name?


Any of them look familiar?


Oh. Mort. Take the key.


No, we're just going for it right now.


Mother bitch!


Oh, well then, never mind.


I love that die.


Got it. Ooh, tough. I will bonus action dash and try to push him away. Push Caleb to the right or left out of the way.


"Okay! Not dead!"


Can you get away with something like that?


We'll do our humble best.


Because that's how the cookie crumbles.


He's on my back, or he's like hanging onto me?


Trinket can't still attack if I'm not alive.


No, although if you find a log approximately two feet thick, I could certainly use that.


Brimscythe. That's the one.


So he's checking us out.


Run a D&D game for kids. It's very fulfilling.


I'll go snoop around there.


So I just start walking off towards Allura's tower.


I'm sorry, I don't think it was given to you.


That is 17.


I'm looking for, you know. (group laughs)


No, put her in the bag!


No, but I'm standing right there.


She's not a great talker and has never been one. Just want to point that out. You guys all know this.


Can it just be lead-lined? Is that a thing?


Oh! We need to hide those too.


Just go for it.


Oh! Yeah!


A turn.


For one minute after you drink this potion, you have resistance to all damage.


Wait, we have to fight them?


Follow the water down or follow the light?


Oh, you fall over!


Oh, I'm so scared, but okay, here's the thing, I remember another situation very similar to this.


Yes. Boots that hold a key to Ioun's location. Specifically.


I'm going to do it. And then, I say we let him run out the front door and we set fire to the house.


I know he does, and I'm sure he's going to be a really powerful wizard one day.


How far off is it?


What did it look like? Just movement?


Yeah. This is really pretty.


Midnight.


But Kima does.


That definitely hits.


I won't be alone. I'll have Simon with me.


Can I make an insight check? Is he a creep or is he just--


She's grappling.


(laughs) Hi. I know.


Is that bonus? No, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. I fly straight at Pike and I'm going to lift her up.


Back up, the other way, other way, very good.


Oh, sorry. My fault.


It's been so long. You're looking so good. So healthy.


You're a champion of Ioun. Of course he's a champion of Ioun.


Hold my hand, dear?


You don't think they're going to put up a massive fight if we go in and start kicking their relics?


We've still got the mansion. Handicaps me a bit, but I will cast Seeming again on the party and do the same thing, except slightly different colors and slightly less tail. (laughter)


Chill and casual.


If the sand fills up, we can ride the sand up to the hole.


Is it wooden?


Mostly to see, you know.


Okay. Ahh! (scared, nervous noises) I want to so bad! Am I within 30 feet?


I think I will go with him just to keep him from setting fire to the entire city.


I like this guy a lot.


Could you understand that?


No, he said it really terribly.


Could you put him over there?


I have Transmute Rock. Or we can let Grog go first.


Kiri!


We're going to get a bear!


On the rest, could I have worked a little bit more on enchanting the silver bullets?


And if you have a gig tonight-- Do you have a gig tonight anywhere?


--as gracefully as possible, pull like a Pocahontas, and then turn into the earth elemental as I dive in.


Like, waffles and--


Who's getting proposed to? All of us?!


I take my next shot at the next crossbow bugger.


Yeah, you'd know if it's a cry for help.


Have I tried this, once before?


Are you going to disappear again?


Now. (laughs) The man laying next to her, what is his name?


Can I have Fjord give me a boost?


I think Beau is offering to not let me fall, faceplant.


"I'm going to have an owl!"


"The dread Pirate Roberts is here for your souls!"


(whispers) We're good, we're good.


Does it seem that there are signs of life?


Kai... tiaki.


This is a particular thing that you've seen me use several times. And I notice in the last couple of battles you've actually literally run out of spells to cast. I propose a friendly trade. The crown on your head allows you to do certain things which you have not utilized the last several rounds you've owned it. It seems you've actually complained about not having extra spells to cast.


(repeatedly) Uh-huh.


Hiding in the grass. Caleb, light 'em up.


These are dwarven steps that are relatively shallow.


163?


I'm going to miss you guys very much.


That would be the best thing ever. Now that you've found-- I'm sorry, go ahead.


It's the best way to see the show, if that's how you want it.


Can I share my map?


Wow. Not at all.


Does Fjord get an attack of opportunity on it?


Oh man. So much, it's been the longest day.


One of these days you're going to break someone's nose.


You guys go. Keep going, keep going.


Macrame might be mine.


I wipe my mouth.


I thought we were going into this one with honesty. Thought we agreed to that.


You can't die.


It's sad, really.


It's waterboarding, basically.


Yes, sure. I'll give you some. I will sing to you. I will sing: (singing) bang bang, Percy's ball-peen hammer goes down, upon the ground! Bang bang, Percy's ball-peen hammer makes a really, really big sound. (vocalizing)


We just talked to him. He was the dead body. (groaning)


This is Your Life!


I'm going to maybe throw some illumination up so we can see the window a bit better.


Why don't I have Lightning, I swear. Can't you fry the water first? See if it hurts it?


(whispers) He's just-- he's fucking with you, it's fine. (normal volume) It's all right. It's all right. Let's go get drunk.


I see this giant behemoth and I start backing up to go west around the stone, under my breath singing: We are the Mighty Nein, the Mighty Nein, the Mighty Nein. And fire off a Fire Bolt as I sneak behind it.


150 gold?


Me, and--


You're on your own.


The fuck does that mean?


Level seven.


Careful Grog, it has some protection magic on it. It threw me across the room! (laughter)


It was amazing!


I'm aiming a Fireball right around there.


You know, they roam.


Break out the--


I don't know. The dice jail was in the thing; it's not here!


Oh, what? I was dancing. It was amazing. There were lights.


Like a puppet show?


(scoffs)


Yeah, that's interesting, isn't it? This might even be easier if you just ask questions. I really don't know how to tell this story.


It wants to eat anything frozen, basically. It freezes things, and then it eats them.


I don't think that's a good idea.


Apparently, I raise my hand in this group. That just happened.


(coo) Hunter's Mark. (laughter)


Literally some sailors that are at sea? Yeah.


It says wisdom, but is it charisma?


I don't know why that's somehow weirder than abused cantaloupe.


And all you got was a damn emote, right?


We can get you a tree costume, you'll fit right in.


Exactly, I need to feel your abs. [cheering]


I have a thought, right? Do we give a shit about Kord at all, or no?


I guess we can-- Beau?


(laughs) Oh, Scanlan.


And there's "dagger, dagger, dagger."


I'd estimate probably three or four.


We should have some tents.


I go, grab her, and hold her.


Oh, yes. Lots of baked goods if you have them, please.


Does it do anything to the Titanstone Knuckles?


It's also what? What does it say?


I built a thing! And it blew up! Kind of on purpose!


A stone Grog in the middle of a fight?


Okay. Ooh! Nope, it's worse than I thought. It's real bad. It's an eight.


Off-roading.


Hey, I've got an idea. What if we take this thing off of the cross beams, right? And stick it in the coals, or something. Because why are the coals here, right underneath it?


Rissa did it.


No, it's just pessimism.


Hang on, do I get two claw attacks, or just one?


I'm not going to take it. I was letting you know I'm bought it.


It just says Two Mastiffs. I think they just are. (laughter)


JB?


He really would be good for the brigade.


It's just this little handheld thing?


Did you leave it?


Thanks. Thank you.


She's okay! Okay, good! All right! I feel good. Let's go!


Took his legs, yeah.


I feel like we should give this to Grog. (laughs)


Oh, yeah. Oh yeah, this is happening.


That's some cold shit!


She was about to say something.


I guess it depends on if he's trying to hide it or not.


I know, you fucking saved the day, but we're talking about--


(toonk)


Oh, in that case, 26.


Goodness, please. One more time  You are a good person, and I've always seen that. Please see it, please. Oh god, my heart is breaking.


They are in workouts!


I'm just-- I would much rather face random beasts who are just random beasts, than mind flayers who can suck my brain out.


(shushes) Down. Hide.


Sam, your inspiration is a long rest recharge, not a short rest, right?


Eldritch Blast.


What the heck, Laura.


(whines, groans)


It took six attacks!


Sorry. 52. They're going to Finger of Death me, aren't they? They're going to do something bad.


Well, there's that weird desk behind there. Have we looked in that desk that's behind the--?


Reckless, Great Weapon Master this time! 25.


So 14 to my right, 18 to my left.


Okay, so I did a 13 perception check, I guess on the chest, so I'll go to try and open it.


We've got the guy painted all over this room. They're going to find out one way or the other. Might as well do it with a little showmanship.


(zapping noise)


I saw a few children in town. Maybe they would like them.


Can I take that turn now?


He's going to, if there's a path up--


It can't have that many hit points, right?


What if we ran rope between a couple trees and then we tripped it?


Are you? That is interesting.


Doneskis.


Toss them into the grass, then, to get them out of view?


Yeah, of course. Air pocket.


With advantage because he's hanging over a--?


I get an attack of opportunity?


Yeah, we're fully exposed.


Did you just say Jesus for everybody?


I've got a little bit of funds.


I think you're going to have to fuck him, Grog. (all laugh)


The timing. Well, she's been gone.


(whispers) How about the other way?


I can, yeah.


Both hands, or just one?


So we're all good.


But did you know that you'd be down here with us tonight?


Is it the Snitch?


5, 1. Pike, roll well. The twins fucked it.


I rolled a, oh, just intelligence? Five.


Four choices! All right, and could you raise your hand if you're one of my choices? Okay. One, two, three, four. It's Percy. (cheering)


Maybe we can all meet up at the Quay afterwards.


To do this!


Me once, Grog once--


That does not hit. That's a natural 20.


Battle is still going on. I'll check again in 12 seconds.


Ooh, bats, down here?


Are we throwing caution to the wind?


Haley Joel Osment.


Oh, that's awesome.


You just killed two of our friends, Pike!


Aaah! (garbled) Grog!


Ask Jester to show you the thingy in her bag.


Oh yeah, that was good. Maybe Grog can push it!


Do I know where in relation to Fjord and I this is?


She fixed you.


Has it been days?


The idea is that whatever doors they come out of will get one surprise round and then whoever's by those doors better be able to take some damage--


Those eyeballs are hard.


It appears to be a hatchery of some kind.


Thank you so much. If you find out anything, will you please send word?


Well, I don't know when you were-- We obviously did it.


Figure out which way is north, south, east, and west if I try and scry on Tary?


Okay, so it's cleared away, Schmidt's gone, I assume.


Taking another shot.


Glad I got that roll out of the way.


I'm going to make sure I have enough powder and shot for a bit of a jaunt, so I'm going into the stores of what we make here and reloading. I'm also going to try and make some silver shot. I've never tried it before.


Yeah, but I can go back in.


And it was bored with that?


Yeah, they did exile him.


I feel like I don't want to go to sleep.


She's been very rude--


There's one up top that we heard about.


Oh wait, don't forget, Ashley, you have the Spiritual Weapon up as a bonus action!


Yeah, we're looking in the desk.


And I said, biiiiitch.


Page-turner.


Are you weird in real life all the time?


Vecna's in a box.


Maybe my eyes are too big for my stomach.


Ooh. That's so sexy. Does that last for longer than a day?


You'd have to, you get kicked into a fucking other dimension.


What does that do? I don't even have that on here. I have no idea.


Grog's idea.


Yeah. Set up again.


This is the thing.


As soon as I land, I bamf Trinket out.


I don't want any part of that.


I drop Minxie form, because that seems very aggressive.


We're going to try to convince them to delay. If they won't delay, then we say, all right, let's go fight, and we send them into battle.


I don't know! I don't-- what?


I'm going to leave it on.


Can place my hand on his chest and place my other hand on the ground and try and use natural healing to assist?


I'm going to stay put.


Well, there is another one. It's good, it's fine, it's good. In fact, I can double down on this. Can I now do my Commune With Nature and see if I can map out this cavern and find the other entrances?


(laughing) It's beautiful.


Were you being sarcastic-- oh, no you weren't, okay. Catching up on that.


You're strong, though.


I do. Shelby.


Vax catches Pike's shoulder. Hold on, let me look.


Tiberius!


I'm going to grapple and try to get it into the water


Dram-o-mine!


Do you see why we did that?


Trim the fat!


One of the assailants is directly across from me, on the other side of our boat, right?


It has great emotional value.


Yeah, I mean, good enough. The only thing that's going to be obviously missing is the fucking rug!


You know you're standing in the woods.


War room?


And I show them my scorched, really burnt arm, because it hurts real bad.


Thank you! Bag of holding, bag of holding.


20 over here!


Well, I'm sure they don't know that the Briarwoods are dead.


What? Oh jeez.


Thanks for coming!


He served his purpose.


And werewolves.


And he's pinned.


Not very Lord of the Rings.


Oh, you're gone.


Listen, we've got to make this decision on our own. He's entrusted me to come get you. We have to go on this boat with these pirates, or else we'll all be killed. Can you just temp it in, just like, rough it in? Just sort of close the wound as much as you can.


Just do one more.


Looking for Balgus in the crowd.


Is Frostweald near Kraghammer as well?


This is true. Ugh.


In the game, in the game.


Looks like you can't remember the details the DM told you. Would you like to ask him again and get an exact replication?


Can you conjure just me, or could you be me as a walking flame?


I can freeze half of it. It's oddly specific how much I can freeze.


You look like Mother right now. You do. Keep going. I'm not sleeping, I'm just closing my eyes.


There was a lake in the middle of the -


20, that hits.


Yeah, that's a big maybe. That's a big maybe. Yeah.


It's very compelling. I don't know if you should have this, Grog.


Mr. Fjord, you're very liberal with your parenting.


It's a big vague, but yes. I was on a boat for quite a while.


Right before there.


I didn't fall, I flew.


I walk up to within 20 feet of Earthbreaker Groon.


I cast Light on Grog's head!


Sure, yes. Yes, we can choreograph something. We've done that before.


Even lower.


Sure. Maybe we have Nott bolt in, right, everybody else stand back, because you're super fast, right?


This is what he does!


Is that a fantasy that people have?


I imagine that I've been introducing Pike to the whole crew. Since you like to sail so much.


You seem awkward like me.


5d8 fruit damage?!


He's like iPhones, they just come out every so often.


All right, then Doty can come this far.


We're all right.


That's right, you get to see my ugly face for a couple minutes while I get through a couple quick announcements, guys. A lot of you have been asking me on Twitter and in the chat room when you will get to see Critical Troll? That will be up on the website tomorrow night at 8PM Pacific Standard Time. So go over to the website at 8PM, you'll be able to see that and I'm sure you guys will secretly pass around the youtube link and stuff.


Yes, I did?


Yes, I did. Nott went to look, right?


You just really want to see Gilmore.


Okay. Attacking her with the first one, and then I'm just going to duck down a little and jab her right in the ribs.


At last you've seen the point of me, eh?


I run and jump off the cliff!


And once we rest, you'll have it again?


I'll hit him with Magic Missile.


They're already down.


I don't know. I didn't even look.


I'll start making my way over to their horses, having heard them go inside. I think.


Do me a favor. I'm going to go outside now, okay, and keep watch. Let me know when you're on and give me updates. Good luck. Charlie Adler.


What does the town look like when we step out front? How bad is it?


What if we say to it, "Hey man! We found this stone on the ground. Who do you belong to?" What do you think?


The untested?


In a direction that we can identify?


I'm just looking at words right now.


You all figure out what we're doing next. And I put the bloodaxe away and I start concentrating on this giant greatsword.


Is Wilhand here?


Well, he's clearly clamming up. I put my hand back over the front of his face, I take the other one, put it on the back of his face, and I start making my fingers touch.


Or we could just not talk about it and see if anyone actually notices, just see if anyone's going to be rude about it.


Oh, excuse me. Where is Vecna right now? How high up?


The Duke!


I know! This is the best place to be. We're only going to suffocate and be crushed.


How many hit points do I have?


Oh, sorry. I'm Beau. The other Bo, but I helped fight the zombies the other night. I'm under house arrest. We're under the same situation, just separately. Not really. I don't want to compare myself to you, because that would be rude.


Yeah, but I can reopen them. They don't relock, do they?


Oh, it's much better.


Yeah, I just got done seeing the T-Rex above my head, and big-ass Fjord knock it down and kill it.


I'm so sorry, you guys. I roll a 20? And I rolled a ten. I rolled a ten. Hold on.


He's twice my size. He's very skinny. He wore this big ring with a green gem on it. I remember because he used to stick his fingers through the bars to scare me.


I was very sheltered-- (gasps) were all three of us sheltered on this side?


Do we have enough time?


They're sort of the shadow court, I suppose. They would be the-- for everything that you saw in the Feywild, they are the thing that the Feywild is a little sketchy about and a little worried about.


For 80-something episodes, yeah.


Because they are in the firm belief that it would have left some sort of clue that would have led the authorities to us by stealing something, after we had broken into two houses, stolen other things, torn up a rug--


I was going to say, she was yelling-- Well, fuck.


To the keep!


It's natural. It's in my blood.


I just don't feel like there's time, honestly.


Ooh, I like you.


Keyleth, can you use your powers to suck him into the ground so that nobody sees him?


We did not give it to her. It wasn't mine to give. Just the title. You're welcome, and... it doesn't change anything.


You could have little slave chickens.


Let this happen. Let this happen.


Oh, Phillip. [laughter, cheering]


I'm going to try to grab the rope.


And then I say, I knew it wouldn't work. I just-- Dammit, Grog!


Can you tell if it's in there?


As you will.


Yeah, let's not tell anybody that we're leaving.


Four. (laughter)


You could've just used Trinket.


Holes where windows might be.


No. Charisma modifier? It's just an 11.


The stairs are long, but they are not infinite. Be good and now we're almost there, guys! We're almost there! This is it! This is it. (sobbing and panting)


That's a 1d6 plus 1d4. That's eight damage plus one cold damage, so nine damage.


Then I would like to loot Greenbeard's body.


I was about to say, you have an Ashley app. That's so adorable.


Yeah, right? That would have been smart.


Are we going? Are we ready?


Does it work like Vegas? Are all the odds on the house?


You're too late. You've been doing a thing. Could you bring him back? Would it, the thing that you gave me, bring him back?


I'm not as good at this as Sam is. Okay, so the rings: there's two sizes left. There's six and seven. So if you have little itty-bitty fingers, you can still get one. The patches are out of stock, sorry people, but I'm proud of everybody that got one. The nail wraps are still there, the mugs are still there and the pins and the wristbands that Travis is wearing right now--


It would be much more fulfilling than strangling a person that didn't fight back, right?


Look, we didn't have the time to come here, period, so let's go talk to him and ask him if we can have a few days to get back to him. If we die, problem solved.


He hunts them. That's what he does.


Don't really know how.


Come on, city boy.


We're capturing the giant, and don't remind him I'm here.


And soft like the hoodie.


Not insects.


Let's go home and do that.


You know what? I only have one thought.


Scanlan, are most of your attacks up close or are they far?


Scorching Ray on Beau.


We're always so mean to the guests!


This is a fair offer. I will quietly, without naming names of any kind, confer with my compatriots and we will give you a yes or no, without naming names of any kind.


I was just trying to protect him.


Ashley, I'll do whatever you want, but if you take my weapons I might kill you.


Wow, Grog's getting aggressive.


Great. She will use her bonus action to rage.


I didn't know it required attunement.


Is that all you have, Pike? That's all you can find out?


I talk to him while you do that. You have your wine, you have your gold. Thank you very much, it is much appreciated. It was a lovely trip.


Got any thoughts?


So, there is a lot of cover as we go near it because of all the…?


Does anybody want to try the meat stuff downstairs?


No. It absorbed the spell and seemed to like it, but nothing happened.


You said, "Mom and Dad I hope that I make you proud--"


Don't move. I go stealth.


No fucking way, don't do that.


We have 40 pounds of dragonhide. Black dragonhide.


He said that two witches blessed this thing and that it was okay. I watched him roll it, and it seemed like it was okay, but there's no way this thing can be okay.


The flying things. Well, we know what they are now.


But I like to eat them.


Does her own thing?


You know what, I'm going to use it right now.


I didn't say who 'they' were.


Oh, I grab him. Can I reach out and grab him? Trying to cover my mouth.


Well, a lot of books in here. That's going to keep me busy. And you (groans) secrets. Celebrate it with your friends. Remember that. And when I look at these books, I'm going to think of you.


No, it just depends on the situation. This happens all over the city, outside, everywhere, ja?


Oh, I'm in!


Yeah, you've done so much for our lives. Maybe you continue to do good in these lives?


(imitating Grog) Am I texting you that right now?


Someone told me that cats have advantage on perception. Are they full of shit? You’re my DM. Would it cancel out, is why I'm asking?


Is there light? Oh, they lit torches, right?


Oh, 17.


I still have Control Water. As a concentration.


Sleep, yes.


We haven't even left the dock yet.


Do you need health potions, because you might die?


What!? You guys.


180 feet. That'll do.


That's loud. Okay. All right.


You can hop on my broom.


It's going to be like a knife through butter.


That's bad? I'm just going to do the T2 as I sink into the lava.


Shit happens.


A person or a creature, not a place?


Hexblade's Curse.


Okay. Am I hiding? Am I hidden?


I want to be there.


No, sorry, you don't have my guidance.


I think we need to get it.


Nighttime beach party.


He really, really does.


I love game meat.


So she was always a prankster.


You can't win!


(growls) I would like to reach forward with both of my thumbs and shove them into his fucking eye sockets.


I just want to be able to move faster, but it's all right.


Yes. Kima? Is she all right?


Maybe they buried something here.


I'm going to fire one crossbow bolt at that guy.


If you put your hand out, he'll shake your hand.


I summon Bigby's Hand. (sings) Bigby's Hand! (all laugh)


That's 1d8 plus five. That's, ugh, that's terrible. That's six points of damage. I'm taking my second shot.


Or hold it, right? Do something with it.


Hey, what the fuck did you wake us up for, anyway?


Can we go get suits?


I mean, I don't know-- Unless we want to try and get higher up before we go.


Did I go five feet back from where I was?


Oh, good. 20.


Okay and that is-- this is my keen dagger. That is nine.


Why is he so good at being sad bear?


Take a potion.


But I know that there's a portal there, right?


He's still unconscious, so I'm going to cast Cure Wounds at level one, because that's what I can do, so I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on him to bring him back to life.


It's good that we didn't go on the catwalk.


Sentinel! Natural 20. Eight. 14.


Before entering, I would look for an alleyway in the last few minutes before getting here to make all of my clothes look-- I cast Disguise Self on myself, and don't change my appearance other than to make my clothes look brand new and slightly more expensive than they are.


I will watch. I'm really good at keeping watch.


You seem a bit off. Yeah. What's going on?


I'm rolling one more hit dice.


The path that they took away, does it line up or deviate from the general direction that we have been heading in?


No. I rolled a three.


Where do they hang about?


What were you doing on the Ozmit Sea?


Okay. He seems to be telling the truth.


I'm just sad that you don't call me Whitey.


That's all she does.


They’ll chase after the dog.


You feel tons of abs. It bounces off and hits you in the face with your own hand.


And I'll come down.


Two skeletons? That's it?


It's terrible, but I'm pretty perceptive, so that's, where is that, 12.


I think that's a great idea. Seeing me see a map is something pretty special.


But can't I just do it just because?


Oh, natural 20! (all cheer)


That's so dark!


Two beams. That's a fat one plus four. That's five points of damage.


It's all right, we forgive you. I give her a hug. Sorry, I'm very scaly.


No, I think I'm okay, Fjord, thank you.


Like a lightning rod?


I'm releasing a dog.


Oh, I can sense them. Right.


I broke the world for you returns!


Oh god. All right, here we go.


Need a defib.


What the fuck is a vole?


Let's not kill our friends’ D&D characters.


I liked how the archer was walking around ready, all the time, maybe we should do that.


I don't know. We're not there yet.


All right. Hey bitches, I'm going to go to bed.


Or you could become a vampire! You can be a vampire half-elf.


It's already partially ajar.


She's got a tail!


It's different every time. LAURA; Okay. Hey! Do you remember when we were coming here, and we were camping out in the woods outside and there was a woman, I think, that walked by with a pack of, was it wolves?


I take out my beret and I put it on and I say, why, this one was a very special beret I got by defending Whitestone against an invasion of vampires, singlehandedly freeing the city from the scourge.


Are you alive, Tary?


Stuff, things. I'm using it right now.


We're about to be boarded by fucking pirates. [laughter] [applause and cheering]


The boy needs a lesson. This is not a life for a child. Okay, that's good.


He's a ninja.


I'm waiting. I'm waiting to see our foe before I smash.


Lava pools.


Fuck! Really?!


Okay. You know what? Let's just do a Sacred Flame.


A cleric who likes to heal? This is amazing.


Hit point bonus, advantage on wisdom throws--


What's going on, Pike?


It's radiant damage, and he's not blinded. Which would have been so cool.


It seemed like it.


34 points? Okay, so hold on, let me do the math on that. (counting) Okay, yeah, I'm at 151 because I had a whole bunch of temporary points.


That's why I want to pay for a cloak.


I'm new.


We can't sleep in this--


Oh, they did that?!


Yeah. I feel like those two aren't mutually exclusive or anything, but yeah.


All right. Do I notice any-- does it seem-- Well, without touching it. Any kind of poisonous in nature, anything like that?


I hear, I hear birds coming from the--


Yeah. Then my duplicate is going to cast Spiritual Weapon at what's his fuck? At Algar.


I'm going to bramble shot that one. No. Yeah, I'm going to bramble shot the one that I haven't seen his face yet.


I mean, if you inspected them, you would know that they say 'T.D.' on them. They're sort of personal to me. I've had them minted.


Some barrels. Come on, captain, tell us what to do!


I think you should have some fun, too. But before we do anything, do you want me to send a cloud up there of gross smoke to smoke out the area?


Seven. 17.


Maybe we can give it the rotten drug fruit that we have.


What's up? What do you need?


Rope climbs.


Oh, Jesus. Seven.


Yeah, Minxie!


You're going to steal a plane?


How far back is he?


All right, you, you salty bastard, what's your name?


Oh yeah! (yelling) Professor Thaddeus! (hooting) Professor Thaddeus?


Have you not been on a ship because of a lack of opportunity, or if the right situation presented itself you would be perhaps up for a bit of work?


Does the dupe count as an ally, though?


Yasha can get behind Beau.


That is a 15.


Fair enough. I will hold my action until someone comes within melee distance.


I will do this one here.


(exhales)


Whales and riders.


Rival mob gangs!


How about we don't make any noise at all, but we just sneak in?


You have rooms?


Like he's gone? He's just gone in front of me?


Keyleth's, or Marisha's?


We have Dust of Tracelessness.


Shh! Yes, I'm leading.


I say we have brunch, and we go to the manor--


Oh! This, if we ever need air--


Whoa, whoa!


Fist bump.


Kind of. Not ones involving this bowl. But other rituals. God, this sounds really horrible to say. They weren't nice people. They kill people and I kind of helped them because I didn't know any better. You got to remember, Serissa, the priestess who raised me, she told me all this stuff about the Tyrant, about the Queen, and I thought that that was just what the world was like, you know, I thought that that was good, and she told me that these other people were bad, and thieves, and that they were being killed for righteous purpose.


Tall grass on these rolling hills?


Yeah. Sorry, guys. No bueno.


All right, I'll release the sphere on one condition.


We've already got company. I see two small little buggers ahead of me. I don't know what they are.


No, I'll join the rest.


Yeah, right, and then you bite it again the next day.


Not deception?


We asked this, I'm sure. You're-- (whispering) He's alive, right?


Maybe it's because that dice was in the vicinity of Matt's hair, you'll be good.


Bad story?


Yeah, the prisoner.


Where are we going next, you guys?


Uh, no, we're totally watching this.


This is beheading a pony all over again.


Claws, still. We have to get claws still.


Moral compass.


Don't worry. And with my bonus action, I'm going to throw my third dagger up at the wall. Can I throw Whisper again? Is it like quick draw, or does it have to change daggers?


Guys, we're doing fine.


No, it was me. It's all good, though. I caused a ruckus, that's all I was supposed to do.


I put it in the Bag of Holding.


We've seen it.


Can we go down in an area that there's shadow, to where we're hidden?


It's super important.


That piece of equipment you showed to that weirdo earlier today-- the thing with the handle?


Oh okay, except you're dangling off of it now by a rope.


I'm chief of my people!


I drink all the leftover drinks that people left behind.


Should we continue this conversation downstairs?


It's like a ladder rung that you can put wherever you want and hang on it.


I didn't hear anything about a beak or a mouth.


It's okay; the meal didn't do a lot, apparently.


It's on the front page right now.


On D&D Beyond.


I want to see what the inside of them looks like.


Okay, so the first one, um. 15 for the first one.


I think that's a really good plan.


I've got it, I've got it somewhere.


Okay. Do I have a bonus action?


To see if I can tie a bow? Okay. Oh, that's a saving throw. This is low, but that's a 12.


I love a fake American accent.


For a system like that? It's got to cost, what? $200, maybe? $300 a month?


Is it Abyssal?


Goblin molotov cocktails? I like that.


I, um-- people have told me that. That I do look like a goblin. Um. I'm a goblin. (laughter)


This thing, you can get this mote of possibility. Basically, you get to affect time. I'm not exactly sure how it works, but it's really cool.


No one talks to anyone that commits mail fraud.


Let's ask about--


God. I'm rubbing my thigh, but there's nothing wrong with it! (laughter)


How's this working out for you?


(cooing) Kill him!


No, I went to an asylum for a number of years. I broke. I don't remember so well what happened to me there. It was quite a number of years. Years later, a woman was there, and she, another patient, put hands on me, and she took the clouds away. She took it all away, and not just my madness, but the fake memories that Ikithon put in my head of my parents.


Do I like it?


Should I go ask?


Eyes totally closed.


Eyes of the Grave! That's perception of 22.


I mean, it's an item, it's a stationary rock, so what do I add? Oh wait, I add-- so plus-- sorry, I'm not used to this. Plus eight, 16?


That is upper level shit!


I don't know what you're doing.


Maybe you got a little air though. For you.


I am going to reaction Counterspell at 8th-level.


Who's still an eel?


I'm going to kill everyone in this motherfucking house! (laughter)


Leaving a little trail of blood all the way down the corridor. (laughter)


I hope so. But let's-- one at a time. If we're lucky, maybe one a day.


Second one. Total of 22, with another five points of necrotic.


What were the shard things called again?


There's nothing left. He was obliterated.


When you see the dragon pop up into the sky and head this direction, start summoning.


Well, I will choose acrobatics.


Were there no other gnome folk in your party?


Maybe we should talk to another dead person.


Oh, he went down there? I thought he was at our feet.


Not wearing armor?


Yes, I'm pushing it away from us and moving us in that direction.


They would.


Did you see which direction she went after she killed you?


I will probably just, if I have any time left, I'll just say, "What the fuck is going on, Gilmore?" And that's it.


Frumpkin, come back. The room ahead is not good.


And I was hasted and I ran at the whirlwind.


And blood and sand.


150 square feet.


Motherfucker. Okay, well.


Sacred Flame, on the gentleman in blue.


Let me hold this dagger for just a moment.


Yeah, it's simple numbers. Them leaving is a good--


Say that one more time? Guardian who's a what now?


(explosion sound)


Poor Ashley.


That you made when you were two? Because he looks like he raised you.


Does the eye do anything?


Why? They were just birds.


I'm on the edge of the platform--


What's that weird James Gandolfini breathing next to me? It's really bizarre.


Great! I'm going to use my action to shove a greater healing potion in your stupid unconscious mouth. (all laugh)


Mimosas?


Lucas, just for Travis, do you mind playing that Overlord song to usher us out of the night? This is for you, Travis.


They have a lot in common, yes. It's even more structured, though. There's quite a complex-- I alone have identified 13 different caste systems within their function.


For brevity, I rolled six dice. I rolled, the only high ones worth mentioning was a 13, a 15, and 18.


Well, I love everyone in the room and I love all of you watching, so thank you. (laughter)


Well if I recall, it wasn't too far from Stillben right? Because Keyleth recognized it as her home mountains? Like two hours?


That's a very good idea, actually.


It seems to be--


Yeah, but I'm full on hit points. Is anyone hurt?


Because I'm a rogue.


You mean search for people?


Let's enjoy a good game. Did you just say, "May the best gnome win?"


This is my favorite thing ever.


Fuck. I wake up and immediately grab the map.


Nooks and crannies?


This is for my son, Asar!


Any more dreams?


Then we jumped in the water and we got away.


Am I standing next to Percy? Am I hearing this?


Stick it to the man.


Are they multiplying? Oh no, it's because we got them wet!


Is there cover? Can they see us if we can see them?


I'm out in the docks. You said the boat--


Acrobatics... that's a 23.


Reach up in its junk.


Let's take a stroll and see a lay of the land.


I'm going to fly over to Vex and wordlessly say to her, be honest. Do you think I'm more handsome like this or as normal Scanlan?


Ah! Ah!


Yes, one moment. (quietly) Stay close to me and let me do the talking. (louder) Hello, please, don't focus-- my daughter is shy.


Can I do something? Something real quick for my final, extra drama? So, as I complete the ritual, remembering that Pelor, and this is a sun tree. I'm going to cast my 6th-level Sunbeam spell as I'm finishing the Plant Growth with the last big essence--


18 investigation check for traps and dead guys.


Which one do you want?


Does it look like it's suffered a lot of sieges? I mean, is there battle damage to the--


More of a sneeze.


Guten abend.


It got melted off. Aw, come on, not again!


Can I try and pour on top of it?


Wow. I am sorry about that, Matt.


Let's just keep our distance, let's get them out of the castle and coming out at us.


I look up and say  Grog, do you need a hand? Are you all right? Damn it, the pun wasn't intended, Scanlan! (laughter)


Yeah, so I'm not in the water.


Joke's on him, that's not a person. It's a half-orc.


He's a damn serial killer, I knew it. Calm motherfucker.


All right, so I look straight at Percival.


Managers. Yeah, very important.


Oh, they're undead necromantic elemental earth ellies?


Hoo baby.


Yeah. They'll be looking for a giant red-haired--


Well, here's my question.


Do you feel safe here? I noticed your hood was up when you approached us.


That's just one dagger?


I know, that's intimidating.


One of the last places you'd find something like that.


I have a cloak.


I will use paladin action to dagger-dagger him in the face.


That was bad.


I just know what my patron charged me with. That doesn't mean I understand what it means, so I think we should start with one.


So you all were double-crossed, clearly.


Pike got psychic damage from that dude.


How big can the sphere get?


Is there something we can throw? Hold on.


Can you send a card that looks like a dragon on the other side, in the tunnel, and then they run towards us.


What did you see, Keyleth?


-- which is Find the Path, which could get us close. Potentially.


I don't know! I don't know how to go find the lake that he came out of!


I'm going to run through the water. Speed's doubled.


They take wheat and barley and stuff and then they mash it up and let sit outside-- they let it decompose a little bit!


Oh shit. There's no traps.


Perception is 19.


I mean, theoretically we'll be stationed throughout, and we'll have our earpieces, correct?


There's 50 to 100 fucking creeps up top.


I think he's just working himself a bit much.


You should see a doctor about that.


But it would be ridiculous to have built that also.


Oh no, what did we do?


Because you killed its baby!


Are there a lot of fish in here?


Good to see you too! What're you enjoying there?


Everybody is healed 27.


They look the same. But I can buy lots of potions with that, right?


Kill it. Fucking kill it!


They wanted to move an army. Right?


We should probably do that. For this, I would make an exception.


Which make--?


I hope someone has followed this right back to the inn, so that's good.


We're in the crypt? The sarcophagus sort of thing.


To be fair, she's a bit winded.


(sings a note)


Yeah, I have a light already. (all laugh)


Reckless frenzied rage.


(laughs) "A shitty hole."


(high pitched laugh) Okay. I'll stay right where I am, then.


I would say that I look like a somewhat plump, good, Zemnian boy, blond, and a little rounder.


Okay, all right. Thank you. We just wait, I suppose.


Yeah, I think we need to spend at least the night in Whitestone and get up in the morning.


On our app?


I can't get a reaction from it, as it goes?


A retroactive question-- no, never mind.


Unless you roll high.


Going down to Tary-town.


Who's watching?


I roll over on my back, and I'm like those cats you see on YouTube who hate being on leashes. Just dragging.


Did I get radiant damage from that push?


Do you like dragon pieces?


28 on the first one? No. 38 on the first one, because of Great Weapon Master.


Good to know. Thank you, Grog.


You didn't really like that character that much, did you?


There is actually a lot to do this morning. I feel like we should send some to check out the lighthouse, maybe talk to the Wharfmaster, and maybe send someone to--


You know, we want to be efficient here. Quick.


We're actually traveling all around. I was going to ask: Where do you go now, since you've achieved your objective?


It was a small pond in the middle of the desert. Some people called it an oasis or something.


I have a vial of acid.


Can I see if he's lying to me?


So happy, you guys.


We could go do some recon.


Minxie form, which Grog named because Grog and I went on a--


Maybe a steak, some salad. Shrimp cocktail.


Very Dexter of you.


Sure, why not? What am I saving it for? 18.


Yeah. I'm down for it, too.


(whispering) Told you we should've left Trinket behind.


It's like they were specially made for you, Beau. You have to buy them. I think you should charge her more.


Oh. I don't know things. Target, plane of existence, banishment... I don't know. Where does it say?


We've got to get out of the house. Now!


No, that really happened. That actually happened yesterday.


What's inside?


But there could be live people in there when we sealed it?


I watched her play last time, I could do-- I don't-- (stutters)


Spread out. Keep moving. Find a position.


A rope?


What's up!


Can you breathe?


20 feet; is he in it, perchance?


I'll burn a grit for this. This is worth a grit.


I'll roll damage on that. He doesn't get the bonus, does he? None of that special power against him?


Does a grapple count towards keeping rage up? Is it an attack?


Oh, it's a 12! I looked at acrobatics.


Is there any architecture that I, or anyone, notices, like from a region of where we've been?


I walk up to Grog and her, and I face Percy and repeat what Grog said. Why not?


I'll hold it, thank you for the reminder. You're right.


He is not a vampire.


Welcome to our production of Julius Caesar.


Okay, let's take that key downstairs. As you said.


Well, wait, open it just a little bit.


Not that!


Not normally.


But you're still hidden from view from Vecna.


But like, 50,000 gold and we have ourself a very flamboyant distraction if we need it.


I'm babysitting them.


The other way? This is it, this is the other way.


You been hit by any riots?


It was a kid, yo.


Come on, girl. Get out.


Meanwhile, inside the delivery room.


I don't know, actually I'm following it actually for the first time this entire--


--that I got from my Fire Ashari.


Another four. Only up to 16.


Not command ops in the tavern hall.


Give her your energy, guys. What the fuck are you doing?


Not that I know of. I hope. I mean, would you know?


Oh! We could just kill all the horses.


And we're all, all of them are tied up in this, and we need to have some idea of what we're doing, because whatever just happened is just a test run in her eyes.


No, but I've got a vague idea.


It's very enigmatic, but we will-- okay.


I mean 19. 19 and a 25.


Who is closest by the portal?


She's all right.


You say, "Fuck yourself."


Do I lose any hit points?


I have... I probably can't hear you guys.


Two to three minutes? That's a long time.


For the chat room.


Oh, I need a bucket and a mop.


But we have to be near you, right?


I don’t know if that was a compliment or an insult.


That's how she fell off the wall.


I mean, I have a few Daylight spells.


This is a strength check?


Also, Caleb has watched Beauregard go to town on 100 pushups or something, and I go maybe 40 feet away and I try as well. I do one pushup, and then I go study Siff Duthar's spell tome some more instead of going to two.


Could he fight anyone?


Not a big deal.


We have some Immovable Rods.


Yes, that looks nice.


Feels good, man.


I noticed your girlfriend isn't talking to you. Did you do something?


What, like, on me all the time?


Yeah. First is a 20, second is an 18, and the third is a 20.


Oh, shit--


Oh. It was Lord Briarwood.


Oh, what? Amazing. Okay. I'm going to move my full speed, my 40 feet. Does it get me in?


Well, Grog's going into the room right now.


I'll take it to Grog, because I figure he'll probably be able to use it.


We will be returning.


Rage. [laughter]


I think whatever was going on up there is gone. I think it's happened.


That's a lot of people. They should all follow your social media accounts.


That's more commonly known as "rock out with your cock out."


Who wants the Death Ward?


Echolocation. I tell the bats, don't worry about it. Go home.


They barely get in.


It's dark?


That's-- you're welcome, that's good. That's good. One step at a time.


All right, I need it? Oh no.


Man. Boy, it sucks, doesn't it, buddy?


No, but I do. Do you know where she is? I'll reach behind my back and use Minor Image again and show the sphere.


Pick a fat tree.


I'm 40 feet away. I'm in range.


I say, you're warcome in Gnome. (all laugh)


Well, six to six, got to be there. May get service.


Where are we going? Back to town, or straight to the--


Is that a 20?


It's possible the person is the key; we're not sure.


Don't waste a healing potion on me!


Nothing happened to them when we put it in the Bag of Holding? They were like, (groaning) and kept going? All the undead?


So I lose all the buffs, right?


Yeah. I fly up next to Grog, and if he has a free hand, I hold the other hand.


Doty, you should stay behind.


Well. Unless something attacks us again.


Fjord, do you see anything cool down there?


You do it right when we do the surprise attack. You sneak in.


She would have walked in and we're beating the shit out of each other.


And you are, young man?


Technically I would. That would cancel out, wouldn't it?


Two heavy--


Zeidel High, that's where Grease takes place.


I do have the herbs.


Ah, that's cold. (laughs) Oh, that's really cold. Oh, ooh.


I want to drop my form. Is this it?


Ha! It was really dangerous! It was nothing, filled with just buttholes everywhere. Terrible.


