But in the meantime, don't forget to go to LA2050 and vote for 826LA so they can win 100k.


I hate that it's intelligence.


Bunks? Or rooms? I mean, obviously you don't have rooms for--


Wait, how big is it?


No. Dootie did not have fire crotch hair. He did not have a face or hands--


Is it boobies? Is it penis?


No. Where is that coming from?


That's okay, he'll stay in Kaylie's room for the time being, and then--


Eff that shit. Just do it.


Can I use my extra attack?


I tell you about that, and Juam. She's a human barbarian. She's not as bad as the rest of them. That's all I know.


If we kill everybody, maybe I can raise him.


Oh, boy. Okay.


Yeah. Let's stop this conversation for now. We'll have more of this conversation later. I will not have this conversation online, either, guys. Sorry.


Well, we can actually get to the edge where magic starts again and then it might reconnect once it goes through.


I'm trying to get a better look and listen as I run closer to the windows.


Can I get a little dagger through and flip the latch?


We just kicked ass and made 200. We'll do it again tomorrow.


Oh, that's good! 30!


I think you wrote it down. He’s talking quietly.


Just a couple of sticky warriors.


Remember, 'cause I was like, "I'm gonna be crafty and turn into a shark," and then I started immediately drowning.


I'm not looking, I'm not looking.


She's in some pretty solid hands.


Money? Well, you have to pay money to get the things to do it.


Good! He has to beat 13! It hits him!


Are you Ophelia?


Going for the chair. I'm into it.


Tell me what kind of leadership things-- who wrote that, Scanlan?


Can I tuck behind the wall?


Do you feel evil? More than usual?


Penelope.


Vin Diesel.


Fucking awesome.


They're not saying anything, though?


Vax is our point man.


I thought we threw it at somebody.


Oh, that's me!


16. First good roll I've ever had.


Can you put on the boots as a bonus action?


Oh. Six?


Do you know that game?


I'm having bad flashbacks.


It is exclusive to GenCon, the same way we did our exclusive for New York Comic-Con poster last year.


A truthful check? Sure, I'll roll a truthful check.


What do you want to do with Delilah?


They’re so pretty in person.


I'll go 2nd-level Divine Smite again.


Oh, great. 18.


Charlie Adler busts into the inn and sees Caduceus and just stops the door and pulls out a little wire and says: I don't know where anybody is. We have to go to the boat now! Come on!


Abjurist Noja's. Does it look like a spellbook? Have we seen a spellbook before?


As close to the center as is possible.


And then we'll probably retire this design after this.


And then I make a bite attack, which is a 19. Ooh, that's not good, in terms of damage. Seven damage.


Can I take a short rest?


Okay, who is going down?


They come out  "Where did they go?"


Nevermind. I will stand at the mast and I will pull a white feather out of my coat and trace a baleful glyph in the air and cast Fear, and they must make a wisdom saving at 16.


Ugh. Reckless.


I know we didn't!


Go ahead and just make an acrobatics check.


That's funny, I found the same thing, but I just meditated for a minute.


Leaning into each other.


So he's going to be able to get across all these rivers?


Trinket, watch her.


No one told me.


Focus on me. No squirrel. There's no squirrels. Focus your mind. No. It's all right, just come down. (singing)


That's two. Because I'm hurting.


Either this or Vax. This would be an interesting thing for either--


Don't piss off a pregnant tiefling.


You swallowed it?


You can cover up your face, at least.


Have just certain targets between some of us?


She gets advantage because mountains are her favorite terrain.


Yeah, I bet Clarota's in there.


Again! I'm back! Go watch-- actually, we're going to be playing it over the course of the break. So that we have a break.


Owls are dicks.


Grog, are you splitting off?


I'll check the thing on the ground while Ulog checks the thing on the mantelpiece or wherever it is.


I will tell you that in a few minutes, actually, if that's all right.


You've got him in range.


Why don't you inform the room on how you utilized an entire race of people to break the ritual?


Got to use the dodeca.


Agreed. The less attention, the better.


Go Fish and then D&D.


(gasps) Percy, it's beautiful! I want it now.


Do I roll against that?


Yeah! Yeah, he's really cool. He's so powerful. You guys should really see what he can do, because it's amazing.


14? That's not bad.


He's the Bigby and the dike!


(frustrated growl) I'm going to try one more time. Natural 20! (cheering)


Well, we can follow the fish brothers, or we could check out these two tunnels.


That's so wonderful.


Are you rolling your special dice?


Exorbitant? That's a good word.


Good job, buddy!


The secret one, the one by-- in the storage room.


Oh, I didn't do Hunter's Mark on the previous one. Four for Hunter's Mark.


Oh! Okay. The Sword of Kas.


Yeah, that one's good. Just this.


Yeah, we should do the bar lean in thing.


I gave up trying to understand her years ago.


13. It's not very good.


They have echo vision!


I wonder what Erevan has to do with this.


Yep, so four out of the five.


Well, so are you, but what the fuck am I going to do with that? Jeez, you're fucking weird. And I walk off. (laughter)


He just got up.


It's kind of wrinkly because I was sitting on it but...


I never did actually find out what this tea set does.


Your oldest friend, not your only friend.


I got it the first time. (laughter)


(mock-crying) At least I know that Pike didn't read the letter, though, so I'm okay. (laughter)


I'm going to set up the tents.


Okay. Well, all right! Have fun with your flask, okay?


Like seahorses.


We might not, but if we have no other option and we’re trying to get out and there’s guards in both places, Frumpkin can come in and create mayhem again. Anyway, just an option.


Can I take this moment of engineering success to try and pull a wisdom saving throw against my fear that I missed on my turn?


The idea of me. Because I'm just really great.


Except it's covered in webbing so not as much sound.


I start sticking my hands in a puddle.


Got to attune to it?


Do they crave blood?


No, I'm just coming in and looking around.


There's no sense attempting to be subtle.


I actually have a present for you.


Am I within 40 feet?


Traveling with Scanlan, we've all become amateur hat enthusiasts.


Was that the one that is--


It's shaping up beautifully, it's full of beautiful pieces from the community that you are probably familiar with. There's some that are new to the book, and we're very proud of-- oh, it's gone-- the cover, which is done by comic artist Matteo Scalera. You might know him from the comic Black Science. I've loved his art for a while. The cover's gorgeous. Moreno Dinisio, who does his coloring on Black Science, did it for the cover as well. The book looks amazing, and, for the thousandth time, thank you for every artist in this community who gives back to the show. [cheering]


You are wrong.


We did get rooms.


Welcome, Chris, welcome!


Next round he can leap off you.


Bees?


Could you give the both of us resistance?


Delicious Sun Treats.


One point of exhaustion, Jester succeeded, I rolled a 14.


In case it's magically locked down.


But you would have 20--


Oh, it is my turn! Can I use my bonus action to move my Hex from my defeated foe to my new foe right in front of me?


I know. We're going to the gala. Obviously.


They are super evil bowls?


Isn't it pretty?


Facial features, I mean.


Spoke too soon.


I insult you and you trip me in a half a second? Would you like to take a shot at my nads as well?


And just keep going.


Did it change shape at all?


Pike? Do you think maybe a Greater Restoration is in order?


Goddamn.


We didn't even see the heads come out, we just see the heads pop out of this bubble of blackness.


I cast that when we were chasing him--


I got a 46 on stealth, can I--


Five o'clock?


Oh shit, I burned that trying to make that thing.


Pixie's not a magical creature, I guess.


Damn it. Just when I was starting to like you, gnome.


I'll go back and report to my friends. And that's what I saw, Caleb, and the others of you who are not my friends, I'll also tell. Just kidding guys, I love you.


Yeah and they're all keys to the temple?


Yeah, that's a great idea. We'll train a replacement.


Yes, sir.


Can we use it? Is it something that'll get us like, a backstage pass to an audience of some kind?


I poke his belly. Do I feel a little hard spot on it? Do I feel it? I rub it. Do I feel a little circle on there? Little globe under the armor there?


And I'm gonna redirect flow, and I'm gonna push all of us-- I don't give a fuck, we'll be fine, in this direction. You see my laser?


Oh, I'm sure that hits. Yeah.


I don't agree. I feel like you would be very good at it.


Keep going straight.


Behind us or ahead of us?


I don't know. Keyleth, do you know anything about magic-y stuff? Tiberius bamfed out.


Scanlan. She came here. She helped bring you back. You know what that means, right?


As I hear the sweet melodical Miami Vice tunes of warfare being played, can I double dash up past my mates and into the fray?


Where did those cow men come from, Matt?


Of course we're walking-and-talking.


Yeah, I want to see.


I pat him on the back, I do a little circle with my hand.


You want to do that?


What happened to her?


Well, well, well, 11.


Correct, yay! Marvel Puzzle Quest, everybody. Get it wherever you get your games, today.


He bleeds death and stuff. We'd have to hit him from afar. It might not be worth it.


I know. Ah! I'm so sorry! (laughter)


Oh, man, wow, I am really stuck on that, aren't I? That's irritating.


Wait, before I do anything, I still can use Hex because the last creature to have Hex on them died, so I can use it as a bonus action to cast Hex again, can't I?


Oh, okay. Oh, so that's much less, then. That is an eight. And then I get ten hit points. How does it work? It says I get ten hit points, so I just get ten, or do I get up to what I cut him for?


Three silver.


Three!? Not three!


I don't know. Maybe that's a team discussion.


The minute we see that, I'm going to push her against the wall, and I'm going to Minor Illusion a shadow right over her.


Nah, it was timed about how I wanted it.


Fuck yeah. Now!


That is an incredibly random thought.


I think I might be able to help you find the ship.


I mean, I'm really weak, but I think I can use a shovel.


Well, he has 60 feet of movement, but I moved, what, like ten feet earlier, so.


Sure. Didn't know what else to do, but okay.


They're keeping an eye out at this point, all right?


If she wanted me to, I could.


Want to look at it?


I'm sorry do you-- do you talk, ever?


Or ricochet, whatever's the coolest.


I think maybe bigger things will help. It's been too quiet.


Fuck you, Travis. Fuck you.


It's so cool! It's very impressive.


Can I jump and land on those rats?


Actually, do I have any movement left?


Yeah, do not come anywhere near the walls.


So we have two.


Yeah. See?


I'm going to go in and do it too.


That's 16 to hit.


So proud.


Can I take the sword and take a shot right at his wrist that's holding her? With the hand that's holding onto Jester?


I go and whisper to Scanlan, are you all right?


Why try to be complicated?


As I'm going to do that, I'm going to heighten it, and spend three sorcerer points so it gives him disadvantage--


Sounds fair.


Good chance they can see in the dark.


I'm at plus eight. Yeah, sure.


That's okay. I get advantage because that's my favored terrain. That's cocked. I can see that's a four, though.


No, Beau is definitely not feeling okay.


Can't we just say that we're obsessed with the hundred-foot fucking moving tree in the middle of the Feywild?


"Yo bros, how about that Cowboys game, right? When Prescott hit Hurns on that outside post-route?"


We'll explain to her what needs to be done.


We have a thing. We can at least get through town.


Was that mentioned?


We're off! (unsuccessful noise)


We're in, right?


Who's you two?


Are we trying to hand Grog the evil things?


Ah, yes. Percival Fredrickstein von Mussel Klossowski de Rolo III of the royal house of Whitestone, representative of man's world, here on very important business dealing with dragons. We are looking for some objects: a few things that may help us in our fight against these dragons that have attacked us. We've already made headway against them, and we've already made headway on our quest to destroy them. Any help that your wonderful city could provide would be most agreeable.


Cheese is for everybody. Not just me.


Wow, what do you see down there?


She said it.


I never do.


We went to go talk to him, but he had already left.


Yeah, I always know where north is, so it's one of these ways.


In my broken Gnome, I tell him  it's an honor to mate you. (laughter)


Talk about an underbelly. That was more than I was expecting.


He's got bad habits.


You fucking blew our minds, we were like, "what do I do? Can I do damage points to stop this puzzle." There was this tunnel with all these moving parts, we thought we were gonna be crushed, and he was a dragonborn for the first episode. It's in the recording on the the AllWorkNoPlay podcast. And he just breathed ice on this water-based--


Wait, can't you just shape earth without affecting the surface of it, I mean, can't you just shape the underneath of it?


You think that's what they look like?


So if we hit her, it automatically hits, right?


I should get one for sharing them. That was a good deed.


So I just strength check then?


It was at least badass.


Yeah, we'll wait. We'll just wait an hour.


Ocho.


There's no should'ves, this is what we got.


Yenk is not dead, so we will be fighting Yenk, as well.


I push my sister into Grog's massive arms because he can hold fucking five people, and I start running back towards the ziggurat.


15, 16, 17. 17 damage, with four lightning, which I'm sure does nothing.


Those are the only places that we know within the Zenwick Mountains that have any appeal.


(Grog voice) Grog--


I'm going to try and seal this up right now. I get up and leave the table and I go over to the barmaid.


I like these. 29.


I would ask permission before putting a light in the kelp to see if there's anything in there.


I have a bonus, right?


I jump in the invisible part of the cart.


Yeah, do that shit!


Well, actually, that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. You're real good at picking up on little things, yeah?


(stage whisper) Someone give him a white russian! (laughter)


Sure. That'll be my two things I do.


Yeah, on our guard, of course.


Oh, I'm so excited.


A Tale of Two Titties.


Is his hate for you?


Which one? Him or me?


No. I saw a lot of things, and there was a halfling village not far away. They captured someone from the village and they wanted me to kill him. But instead, I was kind to him, and he started talking. My fellow gobbies didn't like that, but they allowed it because I was getting valuable information about where the halflings kept their food, and where they went to harvest, and where we could attack them. But I became friends with him. He was nice.


Did this all happen because we went back to General Krieg's place? Did we kill the entire city because we went back to General Krieg's place?


"Those are all the foods I know."


I made it reckless, so it was just a straight roll. I'll use the 20 feet to head down towards the one that Caduceus is right in front of.


Nothing to see here.


Yeah, and then can I use my movement to crouch behind this table?


So we have the haversack. And if they get disarmed--


I want to do the area just directly under Umbrasyl, if I can, so that I'm not sinking the Herd around him.


The way they're heading.


Oh, so not against a wyvern?


Up the stairs? Oh god, why? Why would you do that?


He's not going to have to check anything.


Can he blink that far? I mean, when I blink, I blink only ten feet. Believe me, I wanted to go farther, and I just kept blinking.


How far up are Yasha and I from the floor?


To be fair, nothing really happened in that mind.


That's halved to five.


Yeah. I'm just asking.


Uriel was also blinded by his unknowance of a lot of problems, so I just hope I don't follow in his footsteps in that regard.


Can I spend an action surge to do one more strike into his Gallagher-afflicted chest. Reckless, great weapon master! That's a lot. 16, 20, 34, 29.


I'm going to cast Speak with Animals.


(singing) Yeah!


-- on Grog, and go see what that is.


It was just one big, full album. The song was a whole album.


We can't possibly kill whatever that beast is.


It's investigation, you said?


I honestly think that if Asum doesn't know, nobody knows. Asum is our source of information here.


Is he still around?


That might be the first nice thing I've ever done.


Oh, I can?


Okay, step one went really well. What do we do now?


From Jester?


Yeah, that's about it.


Sure, sure. I'll play a little ditty. We'll jam to it.


I'm on, man. I'm lit.


Are there torches down this hallway?


They had their orders.


Sure?


I'm going to sneak up, down the steps to that little crook in there.


Three? Two?


I did. I do-- I did-- I don't know.


I look distracted with other stuff. I sniff and wander off.


I see the way you've been flirting with him. It's adorable.


It's already made one attempt.


Oh, so do I just roll to hit?


Home. Whitestone. Exandria.


Always have your back, dear.


What? Shouldn't we throw something onto one of the pressure plates first and see what it does?


I've got my ring of protection, which gives me a plus two.


(sings) I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts.


No, 20 total to hit.


Are you talking about hers or the dragon's?


Yeah. Grog knows what I'm trying to say.


But the disadvantage, so the 27. Yes. Oh wait, now I roll for damage.


All right, that's fine; it stays up forever. Let's see, where's the damage? Oh, there it is! One, two. I don't have enough dice for this, that's great.


I go ahead--


Then why would connect anything to his mother? Unless we tell him. To your mother, I mean.


It's nothing special, it's just a guy making a buck, all right? He's fine!


What do you think is the right move?


I do have a lot of those things.


Should we give him an incentive?


That's a whole different Titanfall.


My hair is messed up.


You know, family is everything, and I'm so pleased to meet you. Can you tell me what she was like as a child?


Balan.


I don't think being stuck inside makes you naive. I mean, I know some people that were stuck inside that know lots of things.


The gate's open.


We've got panels. We got autograph sessions. We got chances to take pictures, and eat food, and we're going to run through the quad streaking.


We should torture him to find out.


What do I need to add?


Or how many there were?


Coming towards me or just moving?


Try breathing it.


Oh! Wait, okay, so the Oracle Arrow, is it like you fire it, and then it shoots somewhere and it sticks there and I can see through it for ten minutes?


That guard?


So how should we approach?


Just come sit with us.


What? What did you tell Doty? What did you inform him right before--


You know what's good is that it's a different team next week, because we're all going to die.


Nice. Audio isn't working they're going to watch something else. Thanks, douche. (laughter)


For me and they.


Oh, right, she has it. Never mind.


It's not pretty to look at.


And I'm resistant.


Can we give him a proper burial?


There's a candle-maker who might help out. I would put him in the strong maybe category as well.


Yeah, I could have you stand on my shoulders.


Careful, please?


That's a good idea, actually. That's a good idea.


Thank you. Skadoosh. It's a 15 plus six, 21.


How? Tell me.


Okay. Do I still get my bonus attack?


Thank you, Scanlan. I love it. It's so like me.


With a-- mm.


All right, all right. Your breath is lovely. Okay. How did I--


That's what I'll do. Yeah, that's good. That's 30.


What is your while worth, I imagine?


Did you see Tary-town?


I'm wind. I'm not going high, I'm going through the treetops.


You're strongest.


Oh yeah! I forgot that whole part of the plan.


The false serpent.


Should we wait until dusky-time?


How long does that last?


That was his legendary.


Oh, I got a 17. I'm way more better than Scanlan. Natural insight. 28.


They're swamp shoes. They're circular, they're like large circles, and there's like a base connected to them, and whole thing's connected together with ropes.


Could you call multiple to you and they pick you up and fly you through the air?


Grog, do you want to keep leaning against the door, maybe? I'm just afraid-- I feel really uncomfortable in here. Are there windows in the room at all?


Yeah, we have three horses-- oh wait, you had one too. Wait, did you? No, you were on foot. We had three left.


Now, I'm sure it goes without saying that once you leave this place, if you yell, or act a fool in any way, we will tear you asunder before you can say "Ow."


Ah! Great. I'll take it.


Do I know what a gnoll is?


All right. 11 points.


Well, I've been giving that a lot of thought, actually. In fact, if you will humor me, can I read you all something?


This club is awesome!


You should.


Do any of us recognise the type of runes--


What's in that room?


Have I actually moved all six of my-- All six of my spaces for movement?


Hey! They work!


It's good that you got to see your mother, though. You seem very happy to see her.


Although, people have probably gotten creative with that at that time, but the Percy tech was just a flint. He was trying to do other stuff and always failed.


Okay, I will-- (sings) Bigby's Hand! Shamone! I will Bigby's Hand and put it right in front of him and-- wow, it's so tiny compared to him! (laughter)


She's going to be in a defensive stance for most of the fight.


Oh, shoot. We've got to get out of here!


That's 90 nautical feet.


Okay, you do it.


Just for a little bit, for about an hour, I want to go-- not deep into the woods where Percy and Vex are, but somewhere that's pretty for about an hour, and I'll make my way back.


I'd be using a 6th-level spell as a glorified messenger? 'Hey, we found a scary skull.'


Can we insight check Vanessa really fast?


True. (howls)


What if we tell her we're going to fake her death, and then we kill her for real?


That cuteness, man.


I just have disadvantage.


Oh, that's a good roll!


Full glass, it was great.


Oh, jeez. We're losing our ambush, y'all.


How're you gonna go in the tunnels?


Breaking the law.


Unless we leave him a plate.


Oh, it's that high?


Six, eight, nine radiant.


Holy shit. But I can't see glowing symbols?


I found other places where I could do good things.


You realize you're not helping your case, right?


Yeah, walk up the stairs. Ten feet.


What if you really like me, though?


But we'd have to ditch some gear, or do we have enough horses to carry everything including shields?


(laughs) Derek. It's Gary.


I just heard on the street from that guy. He just told me what just happened. It's crazy. (laughter)


Can I as a rock monster go up to it and grab it?


I'm going to kill him.


No. Keyleth, we've got to go.


I'll start writing my Best Man speech. It'll be a song.


Yeah, that thing.


I'll start summoning my own fucking mist, man, I'm not fucking intimidated by this shit.


Only three schmeasly other groups?


I fucking spike an apple that I had earlier!


If we sleep, I can come prepared with lots of Control Water spells.


Look what the bear brought in. Hello, darling.


With Beau's.


No, I said the third one.


You can ask me.


Anything that would piss him off?


Let's turn in!


Oh my god. Oh goodness!


Right right, but probably his box of dirt is not--


What if I-- ooh! I cast Minor Illusion and give her a moustache. What about that? Is that pretty good?


Always. (chuckles) I'm very perceptive.


We thought we had a book.


Act natural. [laughter]


Oh yeah. This place is dangerous. She's dangerous.


Have you never had a whisper?


Looks good on you, Grog.


No, not you. You're fine.


Oh, now you got it on Mark!


You'll get used to it.


Yeah, it did! I can see it from here!


And Nott took it anyway!


You could hold me in your hands. I've got about 30 seconds. Just to fly up? Can I ride side-saddle with you?


Yes, it was. That was a good move.


Is anybody in trouble?


There's nothing we can do!


(groans) No, you're in the mountains!


Barnacle blow. 18 plus--


Are you going to audition these new guards like we did you?


I want to duck behind that tree, like it's going to do anything.


Pull them down.


Yeah, we go in the window.


I mean, I'm not going to lie, I think it's pretty cool.


Message received!


No more Pumat's.


Was that O-I?


Tally-ho?


Yeah, I'm at great distance.


Oh yeah, trust me. When you have Grog-- you never leave?


Pike...


(laughs) Here. Have some food.


I'm going to turn back into Keyleth holding onto the rock.


We're not in the room. You're scrying. Will you scry?


And I take 35?


I cast Create Water and I fill the jug with water.


All right. So Tiberius and Vax are going over.


Well, I'll say to you, oi, if you don't see anything, caw once and we'll head back to camp.


Do we want to put down some ball bearings? I've got a big bag of them.


The disadvantage was a-- What was that, 20?


I can hear through my sparrow.


Oh, really far, you'll never use it.


You saw it?


And ask him to kindly deliver it to the center of this melee that's happening just up ahead.


And they were pissed. They were super pissed that we were there. We could go back.


Bless you. I'll happily pay for hers as well because I want to drink her under the fucking table.


I don't like him. That was creepy.


(singing) Just Scanlan and-- (speaking) No, sorry. That was terrible.


You mean Sprigg's cabin? Why would we go there?


My arms are still stuck in its mouth.


A what?


Hold on! Incline means up.


Are you cursed? Is he cursed?


No, it's a 7. It's a 7. That brings my initiative to 19.


Wait a second, wait a second. Clarota, you've been listening to our thoughts for the last ten minutes.


Spines?


What about you?


Do we need to leave someone on the ship?


Yes, yes, but no, you have good taste in men.


Yeah, I'll take her 100 feet up and give her a good view.


Offer money from the get-go.


Oh, plus zero. All right, I'll look at it. [applause]


You got out, you came out on top this time. It might not happen next time.


It's got an evil, mysterious gem-eye looking at us right now.


She's in the floor! And she's in a boat! It's magic. (giggles)


This book is so beautiful. Show that thing off and I'm going to find a picture.


We should probably, but I do want to come back here.


Is that what it was? Yes! Oh, I love it!


Could I tell from my favored enemy-ness that it was dragons?


I am going to go ahead and start pushing some of the water outwards, out of the lake as I'm keeping it pushed.


Right. So that is 27.


And his mom is Mariya. (laughs) All right.


Bracelet!


That's what I'm saying! I want to stick one in its mouth!


Are they pets? Are they friends? Where were you--


We did find one interesting thing  a place to stash things if we don't want them to be found.


It's great for little girls.


Keyleth was like, aw, cute. (screams)


Is that all we've got?


(singing) We've only just begun. (speaking) Because we went right into battle.


Keep him safe.


You guys are a sight for sore eyes! Hi, Matt.


I'm gonna guess that none of us have been to Sweden?


She is extremely useful.


Should you need us.


So that's pretty exciting.


Oh, no. What are we going to do?


Yes, I think I'll stay right here, thank you very much. And how tall is the roof? How high is it? 15 feet?


You're not a Fire Ashari?


Maybe it works. Maybe. I don't know.


Right out front of where we're-- Of where we're camping as sort of a warning to others.


Don't you think it's stupid to say all of this right here?


Stop trying to steal my thing, you guys.


What did we get, what did we get?


How about buffing the ring of source spelling--


I don't need an insight check. I believe it.


Poor Ashley, we make her come up with excuses every time.


Trippy!


I squeeze him hard. A little too hard, probably.


I will go closer.


Aren't I, though?


So hit him 50 points, Grog.


Please don't smell it. I'm very embarrassed. I went to sleep. I don't know what this is! I mean. She's taking me. She's paid by my father, probably.


Oh. What I just said. (singing) Listen to Beau, she knows the score. (laughter)


The rest of our allies are up.


Stick to music, please. We don't need games.


Yes, oddly, you and Pike seem to be immune.


I'm just a small boy, but we've seen mists at night, strange things that come out when the sun goes down. Are those focused around a central area of town, or are those everywhere?


Amvivious.


(sings) Divine Intervention!


While they were coming to rescue us--


So that you don't have to touch the door in case it's magic.


He looked like he didn't even remember us.


Is there a basement?


I do not crit on a 19.


Three in the cage is worth one in the dirt.


The wards border the lake.


He's only four feet?


Okay. You didn't notice anything before when you came in as is?


It's a resounding yes, of course.


I don't think I would knock him out.


And we know what we're going into.


I believe in you, buddy. I've always believed in Number Two.


Also, if it turns out he's not who he says he is--


Then in these circumstances, I would dismiss Frumpkin from the Material Plane and bring him back on my shoulder, so he's with me.


Should've let me go.


Abend.


I have!


I like the maybe. I rear back and hit the fucking shit out of it.


How many empty soul stones did she have while we were gone?


-- has been more sensitive, defensive, and more intelligent.


Do you have any good embarrassing stories?


All right. Oh! With advantage. Very nice. It's new now, I have to remember, I got a new number. Natural 20.


I'm going to take this opportunity to try and turn another corner.


No clue, good times.


Our best hope, at this point, is just to amass power. We are not strong enough.


This one's on everyone?


Can you try healing and see what it does?


Strong ale.


(laughs) All right, I'm done, go ahead, Poison Ivy.


She's led by her conscience.


20 hits, so that's-- God damn it, I'm rolling really poorly. That's eight points of piercing damage. Plus he has to make a constitution save.


Missile snaring!


I'm assisting in this persuasion roll, good god.


I have a vague idea of why you might want a piece of the threshold crest, but why would you want the High Warden's hat?


Worked? You were productive.


You could do the pole vault.


Yeah. That's going to be a really important one.


I stood up, too, to cast-- what was it that I cast last?


Can I delay until-- what's your initiative?


I have only--


I walk out of the tree.


Can I vote for Brian?


Why would you do that? Are you trying to bring about this really weird god? Can I reach in and try to get it out?


Frumpkin will piss out some ink and use a bonus action to dash back towards the group.


Is there a way to tell if they were robbed post-mortem or pre-mortem? I don't know! How do you tell that?


Oh my goodness. Yeah, that's cool.


No, no, think of your team, make sure they're all disarmed. (laughter)


I'll take it. All right.


Who's got the oven mitt?


Cali, you're so cool.


Allura's really the only person I trust.


Help.


Because if we wait until tomorrow, I can Zone of Truth him.


He is trustworthy. (laughter)


I got it. I went back and got it.


I was so worried about you!


Arkhan. Arkhan the Fool. The Cruel. The--


This is Strong-- this is a strong jaw.


That's not so bad, right guys?


Take his shoes.


But we got the information we needed!


That's smart.


4d6, you said.


What constitutes a beast? Because me and Keyleth can make some beasts.


Let's go get out stuff somewhere.


I will stand up after having getting the holy fucking shit knocked out of me from those longsword shots, and say: Friend! You better be real sure this is something you want to die for. I would suggest you drop your sword. You're outnumbered. I will take a step back.


But they see us?


Essentially.


Better safe than sorry, though.


I'm going to swing around and try to get another shot.


Evocation is destruction.


I said it already, it's too late.


Yeah, I was going to say the same.


Oh, you've removed that. Okay, never mind. I don't have the new update, sorry. I don't have a dodge anymore, right?


I did what I had to do, and I killed them.


Oh, you're so polite. How could I refuse? I just get up. I'm not turning around. Both my scimitars or just one of them?


Being controlled.


We're all going to die.


If it's at its turn, and now we're back at the round so it's going to have another turn immediately?


Thanks, guys. (laughter)


And I say, no one kills you but me.


You can give that back to me.


It's really dark, tight.


Yep, doing that backward jog.


Did he have any tattoos that had eyes in them? Like the peacock feathers?


This was the worst day of my life.


And Conjure Animals is an action, or a--


Oh, okay. That would've been very inconvenient parenting.


Yeah, don't go through that wall. But bidet.


I will be very soon.


Okay, opposite corner, up. One press.


I did not notice him doing it.


There it is. Oh my god! That's so cute.


I've got one, too. Kill him.


All right, question for Matt, and I'm Liam right now. If I bring her up ten hit points, right, poison doesn't bring her down anymore in 5e, it just puts her to disadvantage, correct?


Yes, thank you for introducing that to Liam's vocabulary.


Pretty much, yeah. It's all Zephra Heights. No, I'm very happy right now.


Not without him spilling into Vasselheim.


I go find Caleb and I go  Let's go!


(garbled) Use the compass. Lodestone.


Seven, plus-- I got to get her sheet.


Can she make a ranged attack while she's--


Did it get lower?


20.


And his sword? Is his sword out?


Merpol, that guy that I flirted with. 11.


Ho-Dis.


Are you saying you want Raishan to go with you one-on-one so you can do the Melora thing, and then maybe you take her out? And you want a shot at it before we try anything else? Because I'll grant you that.


No! We can talk out a plan. Tonight before we go to bed. It could be now; it could be later.


We don't sleep?


These people don't want to exchange one warlord for another. We need to maybe dial it back a tick or two.


Should we take it off?


I think what His Holiness is trying to convey is that he will be going on a spiritual journey, and there's only room on that train for one dude!


He can't know that you know.


Oh, wow! It had some engraving on it. You speak a lot of languages, right?


Ooh, that's pretty cool.


I did not. I have never played this game before, apparently. Thank you guys for your patience. That is a nine.


I want to be on the flying carpet, 'cause that's amazing.


Is one of the Vestiges there?


Okay, I Hunter's Mark him as soon as I can.


We don’t know we got everybody - lock down, keep looking!


So do you see fit?


So yeah. This will be available for one month and one month only in the Geek and Sundry store starting today. And then after that, it is gone. And we're doing the same thing that we did last time, which is also offering a limited edition signed version, so if you guys want to check that out, that's only available for three weeks so we can try to get as many signatures before Ashley has to leave.


Would I know that enough not to cast it?


Buy me a beer.


I'd be happy keeping a bit of a low-key existence.


Assisting, assisting. (all laugh)


Yes. A New Hope. Something like that.


What was the servant's name who you said used to have short hair, now long?


I do to Keyleth.


Well, it don't matter.


How would that even work?


It means that you're on a cart.


And then Grog would fall.


Gilmore will remember that.


Oh, is that what you've got?


Santy of the Shore Shanty spotted--


Is our room nearby? Did he see me get shoved in?


I'm well-aware. I have siblings, I've seen this before.


Who's asking?


If we want to go back, our two muscle sisters could get us up this current for sure.


Travis wants me to tattoo a cock and balls. So, as long as it can be a cock and balls with Travis's face.


So you'll all be giving me a little bit of gold for this later.


1d4? It's my head!


Yeah, I'm going to.


We all have to get there.


Dezima?


Not yet?


We see the apprehension written on your faces and we are nervous as well. But the alternative was leaving the horn with these illithid. Hundreds if not thousands of illithid. We had to make a judgement call rather quickly, and... ... frankly leaving it there with them seemed like it wasn't an option. Tofor: "You've done right in bringing it here. This has to be destroyed. Sent as far away-- If this is indeed an artifact of Orcus, it cannot exist on this plane."


That'll do. 22.


All those assholes are still standing on the edge across there. Do we have-- we've flown out of a falling tower before, we were all able to do it, can we just fly up and over those shitheads and go towards the tunnel?


Remember, he's our friend. We don't want to kill him.


He's got a ton of them in there.


Very sure.


No, you are with me. We're together.


Yeah, is there anything we can help you find that you're looking for?


Just Laura! Well, I figure you're going to have to explain this a bit, either now or later. Do you want to do it now or later?


By yourselves?


Yes, it is. I wasn't going to--


So below it, two presses.


I know that you want revenge for what that man did to you, and there's things I want too, but... Mollymauk was amazing. Showed me something. He had this spirit of life that was pretty outstanding. You know, he was the moment that we all traveled together. He came up, and we were all talking, and all cagey, and all iffy with each other when we met all these folks but he said, "Hey, want to come see a circus show?" and that lit the spark, right?


Well, I can do a few different things before we sleep. We can go out into the woods and find an animal, a big animal. I could turn it into something, like a flying thing that we could give to Grog so he could fly. Fly with that sword.


Thought that's what we were doing. Are going to the two Bastions over there or what?


(nervous sound)


All right, I can't-- I'm going to try and throw it at the illithid that's on Scanlan.


Can we go order food first? Then we'll go hit Caleb, because it's going to be, like, 45-60 minutes to deliver it.


Can we see what's going on?


No. Aldor. I'm here with Aldor, remember?


Okay, so I lean down to tie my shoe and let the cloak fall around me, and I get down between Yasha and Fjord, and when I come up everything is back to normal.


Oh man, you know what? I forgot I-- okay, cool.


Lightning Bolt!


And I'll bring it back to me. I'll keep it hovering, maintain the spell. I'm going to bonus action Misty Step towards where Grog is. That's my turn.


26, ten, 16.


The illithid can control us all.


I like this place.


Where'd Tiberius go?


Whoa. Jeez.


Oh, so. 22, 21, and 14.


Oh yeah. Troll dick.


So serial.


I'm taking one more step out so I can see him. Actually, I have pretty good sight, don't I?


Which ones? The lizard men or the snake men?


Oh Grog.


Three bowls.


That has a really nice ring to it.


(hesitant noises)


Three-point landing.


Thank you for listening to us.


This is going to be an expensive problem to solve here.


Oh, that's a good roll.


Whoop! Natural 20. (cheering)


Wait, what did you roll?


Roll again. Better.


Yeah, okay. That's 22.


And I must also, at this point, offer our own apologies which are in order. While there was a supernatural flame of distrust in your heart, it couldn't have been ignited without the embers of our own rash judgements, and poor choices. It is difficult for men of action to necessarily pay attention to the smaller details of their world and their realities, and for this we do apologize. I wish I could say it would be the last of it, but again, it is a difficult world, and we are prone to action, and for that you have our apologies. I would also offer, my lord, that perhaps these infernal powers are attracted by your innate goodness, and that would be worth meditating upon.


In disguise or as is?


I'm going to roll a sharpshooter for that one, as well, which is great because I rolled a two and a natural 20. That's natural 20 with sharpshooter. That also means that I lose that grit. This is going to be great. That's great. Ten, 20, 30, 36 points of damage.


All we know is you're just out there.


Yeah, me too. I'm on the same end. I knew Joe Mad through meeting Liam for a while, and later realizing that this guy I knew as an amazing voice director and an amazing producer has inked some of my favorite issues of Excalibur, and I crapped my pants. I have four of yours, Joe, in my box right now at home. He's an amazing guy and awesome thing to back. Check it out, please.


And you're a vampire.


I drop in after Beauregard and I cast Detect Magic immediately.


It was worth it. Good.


Let's sit down. I'll show you how to draw the perfect dick.


We broke the DM.


Is it a good pickle, though?


Do we have five minutes left, or less?


Yenk is on top?


Where are we going?


Okay. Oh, that's not that good. 15 for the first one. And 12 for the second one.


No flying buttresses?


I still have him grappled?


And use my bonus action to hide behind Grog's thigh and hold my turn.


I think that means she's pretty young.


Get out, get out.


You would know what Scanlan knows, and he did know that.


So I should cast the spell on myself?


Yeah. Bugness Everdeen.


All right. How long have you been having these dreams?


Hex, ma’am!


Gold pieces.


Got it. Got it. All right.


Insight check?


I feel so cold.


Nobody touch the rocks!


Krav Maga!


It was 50-something last time.


Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!


Ten minutes. Okay.


It keeps happening! Sorry.


Has it been that long?


I mean, our options are we can vote on it, although we all know Keyleth is just gonna go fucking do whatever she wants. Our options are--


But you were there and it was a good assist and I appreciate it.


I could've avoided it completely.


So Holy Aura's gone?


I'll take third.


It's a shapeshifter?


Then I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Spiritual Weapon right over top of the other fish man in the back there.


Is he blocking the doorway?


Do I need to roll for stealth, though?


Do you think you could replicate your path in the daylight?


We're taking a short rest, remember?


He's getting into beading, it's odd. (all laugh)


Can we get a Pass Without a Trace while we all get to our positions?


Well, we have plans tonight!


Well. You know, when you really like somebody, but then you start to know them, and you go, "Do I like them or do I like what I thought they were?" and then you don't know?


Do you have any other bonus, anything you can do for a bonus action?


Did I still do 47 damage on that Sleep arrow? Or that was just--


No, we were treading water.


Yeah. Everybody within a certain radius. Hang on. Six creatures. Oh, you're full? That must be nice.


This one's from Sam!


I think what worries us is anyone coming in contact with it would be corrupted.


Oh! He's dead, he died.


Okay, but am I within 50 feet? 60 feet?


Center tunnel. Go!


Poison sucks.


I mean you roomed with him, Fjord didn't you see him naked?


No, that's five.


Yes, I drop form and I pull out my tuning fork and my flowers, and I think deep about the Gilded Run and the Shademirk Bog and the beautiful pond that we appeared around, that we know there's a portal right near it. That's what I think about strongly, and I say, everyone think about the pretty ponds!


I'll go get dressed.


Yeah, we battle-tested them.


(imitates Senokir) Great.


Not in character.


Okay. No. That's fine.


Upside-down only.


Whew!


Can I put myself out while all of this is happening?


He's secure.


How would one go about finding out if you're being watched via magical means? Is there a way to do that other than if one is not a magic user? Is that a perception check?


Did you get that from a fortune cookie, where'd you get that?


Secret warp zone to level eight, miss that.


I'm going to spend maybe a half-hour before bed not trying to use it, but just examine it.


College of Lore. If he retreats, I get to cast a spell. This is the exact same thing that happened last time.


So you're happy with it?


It's too late, he did it.


I know. I have a history of, you know.


Which is why I was going to then take those to Pike. I don't entirely understand how this works, but I had an idea. And I show her the 12 silver bearings, basically. Would you know how to bless something like this?


Making a comeback!


It was his journal.


It's very clear. We have Kiri already. We take these four children with us, and we keep going.


I mean, I'm about to go down. I make it!


Sorry for what, Beau?


We'll watch the cart and we're going to take the cart to find some mulled wine.


Hi, everybody, I'm so excited to be here. [cheering]


Oh! Technically, no!


I just look up, covered like Carrie, in the movie. Just dripping with fake blood.


(singing) We didn't do it. We didn't have time.


Yeah, I try real hard.


My pretty!


Wait, question! Am I still Percy?


I walk in just for a moment and take a look around.


Can I make my way back over to the players?


No, they have both. I mean, biologically, they have both.


With strength?


But then you went back and she was like, "Now you're hideous. Now I'm not taking you back at all!" And you were spiteful, so you went back and turned to a life of crime and deceit.


Why would Vecna keep the thing that could kill Vecna near Vecna?


Charm spells are mean.


This is the stupidest thing!


Just remember Vex, ticking time bomb here. We've got to get in, get out. We've got one day here.


No, I was calling that guy a bitch.


I'm not that smart. 12.


This is just going great. Fuck it. We'll do it off the cuff.


Let's have a look.


Yeah. (all laugh)


I'm sending Frumpkin to zip under that tent. He has 40 feet of movement.


I tell Frumpkin to nestle in and he starts doing that thing where they claw their way in when they're getting cozy. It hurts, but it's also lovable at the same time.


Caduceus, you have to heal him!


More dope?


That is a wonderful story. One that I would love to share. You have the honor of being in the company of The Mighty Nein. [cheering]


I did just learn it yesterday.


-- that we will try. (all laugh)


Where's my eight? Six plus three is nine!


That was good chocolate milk!


If I-- if I had time I could build a machine that might be able to trap him on the ground for at least a little while.


In myself, yeah.


"Oh yeah, wait, have you guys seen this one?" (all laugh)


It's not concentration. Casting Meld into Stone so that when I end my turn, in theory, I will not be on fire any more because I'll be inside of the stone.


I wonder if it's time.


What about the damn puppy?


Yes, Gilmore's! If you're ever overdark, come check it out. It's a great store.


Great. Ten plus four, that's 14 points of damage.


I'm Pike.


I wouldn't touch that. That's a lot.


Yeah, you never get arrested or anything, you're good.


Thank you so much for your time.


Read your contract.


Instant peril.


You guys might be sporking.


Yeah, meat pie and an ale, please.


I've gotten rough directions. We'll have to probably figure it out along the way.


Okay, next.


Should we go in and pay? Should we do a bit of a ruse? You still have your Hat of Disguise, right?


I'm going to look at Vex and go (squeaking noise).


Their damn sister!


Yeah, good. That's 12, plus eight, nine--


Just draw some birds.


I'll be the first to greet him. It should be fine.


Nothing at all


I'm also--


I have never hated you so much before, in my entire life.


I might have been accepted into, like, a secret society. It's kind of secret society business. It's hard to talk about.


Second one-- wait! No, I'm wrong. These are throwing stars.


Well, it's probably a good thing. They're not a very nice goddess and the worshippers of her are after this bowl and I need to stop them getting it. They're not good people.


So the option is really to keep moving forward and find our way out.


(chuckling) Yes.


Natural 20 plus eight, so 28. I used luck to get it.


Mini Halas.


Check for critters.


That's in the Nine Hells.


This pile of weapons you have here, I see a decent amount of javelins. A rudimentary harpoon, in the hands of some of your strongest, could help wrangle him down.


Can she use it? Well, she already has that.


Seeker Emring, you said? Of the council of Tal'Dorei?


Well. That's far.


I know, can't hear it?


Oh, you didn't collect them yet.


I want to be a monstah! (laughter)


How's that book going?


And I go to the library.


I'm adding which item?


More private than our house?


He might know.


Yeah, gosh. Where were you?


I go over to the bucket of water and I stick my hands in the water.


Roll your initiative.


It's mucky and dark in there. We would have to take a closer look; I cannot make out much.


I wonder if something very, very hot...


Good. Follow me into this alley and it'll be a deal. Just follow me over here.


Do I get-- I don't because I moved-- do I get a bonus action? (mumbling) Still trying to figure this out.


I love that spell.


So check them out at dndbeyond.com. Is that D and D Beyond?


Thanks bud, I'll take all the credit for that one.


He is so down.


You got a little bit of sleep stuff still in your eye.


Doves go everywhere.


Sure. Also, she was dressed as the Richter not wearing the correct outfit.


We're a little deep for an anchor.


Horace?


You really don't like the hair, do you?


Did you do Alter Self just now?


Yeah, I'll look around.


Whose is it?


She's a lizard person; she'll be fine.


My wings are gone.


I'll go ahead and hop out and try and give the horses less weight to pull, and run alongside.


That's what I thought was going to happen, but I wanted to see.


Is he the one on the thing? Is he the mage?


Very, I would say.


The blue flag.


I rub dirt all over my face.


Sure. Yeah, I have a compass, by the way.


Yeah, the thing about even a light German accent is that when you say "Vex" and "Vax", it's the same shit. (laughter)


You're welcome, Internet.


Strength? 19.


Caleb, in Celestial, says  No, but really, are you an angel?


Oh. 14.


I've read it. It's good!


Is there anyone around right now?


Yeah, I'll jump!


Tell you what, when we drag our asses out of that mine, we'll come straight to you and buy you a drink.


You're going to be a loud snake person. That's fine.


Is he choking?


(slow-mo voice) We're slow.


It was a lot of teeth.


I'm just going to throw up.


When I call for it, you have to say the number one. This is all in honor of us rolling ones, right? (singing) ♪ We're-- ♪ la la, hmm! (laughing) ♪ We're rolling ones, rolling them every night. We're rolling ones, ♪ rolling them every fight. How many times has Ashley been back? ♪


Caduceus Wayne?


Is that true?!


Sure. You know, we've all harmed people, but I hope that you will learn to trust me, in time, and I appreciate you sharing that. Here, I'm fairly certain that you will do far more damage with this than my shitty attempt did.


That was not a sick beat.


Can you take this off when we pay you back and put it on that one?


(snores) (laughter)


Tonight, can I just politely ask the forest to just give us a round this time, just in case? I want to talk to a couple of trees, see if they'd be all right just giving us a little passage.


An ale. It's morning.


(whispering) Sniper shot. (louder) From the shadows, I cast Lightning Bolt, which has a hundred-foot range.


Does it look familiar?


No! Four.


Are you getting used to your new foot, Vax?


This is everything as she described it. This is everything I could write down.


(offended cry) Language, imp!


It's a little heady.


You're going to make an adventuring party very happy some day.


The roll didn't happen?


All right, you know what? Never mind! Jeez, your politics.


You don't know. He's your friend. You're not mad at all.


Okay, so he's right there.


I Invoke Duplicity.


All right, so we've spread the good word. Are people going to travel back, do you think?


Okay. You guys, I'm so nervous.


Do you want a d10?


Do I hear anything?


It can be both.


That gives me 2d10.


22 to hit for me. But it's not a sneak attack?


Well, I mean, it's going to save a bear, right? After I punched him with the wind.


But it might fall and tip.


Oh, I don't know that at all. What?


Oh, we're no proper company. It's all right.


Talk it out right now.


Where's Vecna?


Well, we're all just walking very quietly.


Quite adorable. He loves potion salesmen.


We go downstairs.


I don't think they're happy.


Too bad, so sad.


Technically an honorary member of the Grey Hunt, I'd say.


Is that for real, that one?


So we keep our own intellect?


Shit, what was I going to say?


Then can I look up and stay in a defensive stance and back towards Lady Briarwood?


I hadn't even noticed, actually.


Ex-squeeze me? I don't think that's true.


No! This is real Gilmore! Real Gilmore.


Oh, I mean. Shit! Uh. This is not Keyleth, this is another transmission you're picking up, it's-- I'll change the channel


What is it? You have to get above half of the damage you took, is that what it is?


Wait! That's not true, sorry. 11. Because it's not an offhand attack, it's my second paladin attack.


Yeah, it halved the fall damage. That's so mean.


Nope. It didn't come up.


K-A-J-I.


He touched the--


Am I close enough to start laying in a few shots inside?


And I'm going to take one more shot at it with-- remind me if I can do this-- deadeye with sharpshooter?


Stop bullying Jocks Machina!


Can we all fit inside of it?


I'm going to take a long look at this thing. Is this some sort of mark of-- Is this a marker? Some sort of favor marker? Is this a signet of stature? Is this a-- You don't just put this on anything.


They have coffins, right?


Wait, with the Disintegrate? Go, Scanlan, go!


I got a natural 20 when I dropped it. Giving up on it.


Fuck, okay.


(laughs and groans)


Shh. We're whispering.


I went traveling a bit. I did what gnomes do, I went into the forest with Kaylie.


22 for me.


Unconsciousness one time a day.


38.


Yeah, I couldn't hear much, but it was great.


Make a line.


I mean, I could also if we want to hang a little longer I can just send him. You know I don't want him to be squished but I can send him as far as he can go to see what he hits. It's up to you.


(sighs) Sorry, I'm a little discombobulated. I've never rolled two ones in a row.


Did any werewolves show up?


I take the tip of the sword, and I slowly start pushing into the middle and then (sword slicing across).


Keisha. It's a pleasure.


You sure?


Okay, that's fine. Wait. Double check, because I thought that's just using my off-hand.


This guy sucks.


That’s a 23.


Is it a safe assumption that skull is with her? She's pretty fucking badass.


As she's resting on her back foot, her eyes are open?


Bloop.


Okay, now we have a choice. We could just try to go downstairs and get your friends.


So I can give him the command up close to go, but if anything happens I can't improvise with him. He does what the command is.


He might know if you're scrying on him.


It's just like the day we met, Sam.


Did Liam-- Did Vax find anything shiny in the room? The shiny thing.


And then as a quick update for what's happening tomorrow, we have three performances tomorrow night. So tomorrow is Gather Your Party and it's kinda like our bring your friends, have a good time with board games and music and everything. So Indiecade's coming by tomorrow night to show off some new board games. And then we have two bands playing, Sonja Midtune and Bearwolf. And then we have the musical improv group that was here during the charity drive is coming back to do a performance, Robot Teammates and The Accidental Party, and that's tomorrow night, it'll be a lot of fun. So I'm just gonna pull up these donations and messages, if you wanted to see and start going through 'em. And we'll probably have more as we get to the top. So starting at Fifthdreamtoday said, "I love Critical role, kudos for giving to a great cause."


"Hyneas!"


One, five, two. Total of eight.


Hold on, I got Yelp. I cast Yelp.


Would she like that?


I did not reach, I'm looking on top of it, on the sides, underneath.


Get your posters!


-- and notices the tiny member between his legs.


Oh, did you save from it? Dope.


We'll have to compare notes sometime.


Disaster averted, Keyleth. I throw my arms around her and I kiss her on the forehead, on the cheek.


Gentlemen, whose word are you going to take? The savior of Vasselheim, or his new tutor?


Let me come with you!


It does not need to be a frontal assault, we don't need to throw our lives away.


She made it back to Whitestone. One would assume that's how she got there.


We should probably light up this area as much as possible, FYI.


Stay up with me.


We're not holding hands anymore.


Sorry, not sorry.


Let's go in.


I'm still tracking, looking for anything interesting.


My armor class is where? There. It's 20.


Do I notice any difference in the gauntlets?


That's the ticket. Let's go.


With my action, I'm going to cast Hexblade's Curse on that big son of a bitch.


18 points, yeah.


Save Grog!


Our mom only gave us 60 gold to spend. Could you give us both hats for 60? We're brothers. (laughter)


I'll follow her.


Lochward's General, of course. Excuse me. That's in the Lochward, then?


You have to measure that out in a regular cup first, and then pour it in.


It's one of the three gates, right?


Wait, what did you say it is?


Just the two next to that one.


32 stealth.


So you can hide behind it after you cast it.


That's my power song, you don't even know. 15 points of damage, plus five psychic, and he moves backwards ten feet.


Is that pretty good?


Just roll high.


Let's stop making so much noise and try it, then.


Can the audience even see me right now?


No, I'm not trying to repair.


I want to throw a dagger at it. Yeah. That is 28.


"You know, I'm going to watch-- You go first." And I put my hand on his arm and say, "Let's just see how you do." And I don't take my hand off.


Have I ever read about it?


I wanted to repay you for all you've done for me for the past couple of days.


We fucked up.


I'm-- Yeah, that's cool-- I'm going to look at this one and I'm going to go, hey (whistles), go fetch! I'm going to throw my other wooden sword at that one, and then I'm going to do Patient Defense.


You got that. You can have this, this is a gem that can summon a creature of fire.


The dodecahedron of gray faintly glowing crystal is heavier than it appears. This is peer pressure. A set of handles are affixed to the sides and it undulates to the touch. That's all you get. If a hand is placed on the artifact and is concentrated on for one minute, the bearer is granted a Fragment of Possibility. A Fragment lasts for eight hours or until used. A Fragment cannot be granted again until the next dawn. After a creature with a Fragment of Possibility makes an attack roll, ability check, or saving throw they can expend their Fragment to roll an additional d20 and choose which of the rolls is used for the attack roll.


What? 15 hits you?


I mean, it's bad. It's really bad.


Give it a try, Keyleth. Because what difference does it make? You have nothing to lose.


Before we go in, I would like to put my hand on Vax. Just a note, I tried to do this by myself, but the skull asked for Percy. I know he didn't respond well with all that dark shadowy stuff, so be careful. I'm not entirely sure we can trust him with it. I wanted to do it myself, but it was either you or Keyleth, and you're a prick, so I picked you.


I'm not worried.


61.


Maybe we're approaching this the wrong way.


How many points of damage did you say? I'm sorry?


I say--


Is it flammable, Mr. Creepy Pervert?


Really gross, both of you. Enough.


Who's giving the orders around here?


Norda?


Well, look, I would just like to put this forward. Westruun is their home. It's Pike's home, it's my home. And if you start running, you never really stop.


That's only 15.


I tried to get the eyes on my nipples.


Yeah. Stay within 30 feet of me, okay?


Okay. (singing) Distraction, distraction! Distraction! Distraction, distraction!


And it's our movement speed, which isn't very fast.


I need all of them.


Wait. Wait.


I can follow you down there, too, because I've got my boots on.


I've got advantage, don't I?


So the opening to the cellar will be just a dirt floor.


Guards.


Ugh, bad roll. 12.


Can you grapple him?


(gasps) Now we can spy on the people below us.


On the ship? On the Tiffany ship?


Distracted by what?


All right. Then I can't really do much. Oh! Shit. No, I would've had to call it earlier. Never mind.


Nope. What are you doing?


You drink a lot of wine.


I don't know what happened.


Hey, clever elves, can you scout around, make sure we're not being watched?


I'm going to cast it at 5th level, and I'm going to cast it on myself, I'll keep it on him, Grog, and Trinket.


Yeah, that hits.


These are dead dwarves. Pike starts whispering, "I can technically destroy dead things, so, if we sneak me up to the outside of the wall--"


I'll go. Turn straight at him, reckless, great weapon master.


Yeah, and I'm doing a "stop, drop and roll" on my way to put myself out.


Make a run for it?


Within the writings that we forge we could include some by the junior Sutan, so that would add some credibility to what we’re doing.


Half of that body part stuff came out as gelatinous poo.


I'm going to empty the jewels out and--


I genuinely thought I would have some bullshit together by now, and I'm really sort of stuck.


Excuse me? What are you doing outside?


Oh, wait, why did it go back?


It can be pricey to keep bringing him back and all that, but he-- no, you can't kill him.


Oh, that's where you came from?


You know what? You had a spider on your shoulder before; this should feel much better.


I just go to zero. I don't go negative.


Do I sense anything around?


She's actually related to-- well, Percy, you would know.


I guess I should hit him. I'm going to hit him with a Lightning Bolt.


Sure. So Taliesin and I have been working on something for about a year, with around 89 artists from our community. It's been a glimmer in our eye for over a year, and it is almost here. We're going to be releasing, in the fall from the Geek & Sundry store, a Critical Role art book. (cheering)


No, no, no. Hand it out to somebody. Oh, that one should go in the party inventory.


It makes us more badass.


Hold on, as much as I love Pike, you aren't a real person right now. Maybe we should swap out Pike.


That's okay, Trinket likes meat way more than fruit.


As they try to pull me away, I'm going to try to hook my foot around the ankle of the guard carrying the thing and, as I'm standing up, try to trip him to the ground.


Shit. Vax is below me, though.


Oh man, you've got to hurry to get to the airport.


Not it.


Feels like something recent.


5,000 gold would be 500 platinum? Okay.


14. Don't say other numbers! 14 plus seven is 21. 24.


We might be harder to spot if we stay on the ground for now, anyway.


I'm not concerned with the bear right now!


One more and then I must go, thank you.


That's so Molly.


I was on the bridge when that happened--


I rolled a five.


I could go right now and fly around while it lasts for an hour. Do a quick scout.


I did too.


It's your call. I will help you with decisions you make. You can get to the front of those stairs.


Appreciate your honesty.


Sometimes we hug as allies, Clarota.


Well. Dark business at hand.


Mechanical or magical?


That's only 2d6 of damage? Oh no!


Tiberius, I've seen that bottle a lot. What does it do?


I use half my movement to get up.


Survival check, so plus zero. 17.


Someone might have a water breathing potion.


For Percy.


He just has really nice hair.


It's like a mockingjay.


This is a very interesting arrow. I haven't seen one of these like this. Oh, wait, maybe I have. 27.


We put bowls-- no.


Well, if you can muster the strength, it would be great if you could come downstairs and maybe help save an individual's life?


Oh no. That didn't go well for me.


Yeah. Does that happen a lot around here?


Grog! You're right there in front of it. The biggest and most viable visual it can find.


Something sudden that required their attention.


I'm sure it ain't great. I'm sure it ain't like being at a fucking spa.


You already have an eight to your initiative.


I don't think it's bad.


Oh sweet. Okay.


Can you just rappel down that?


The Bag of Colding?


How about a fucking clipboard?


Thank you. (flump, whoosh)


That was not fun.


Well, I want that bow. (laughs)


All right. So he's prone; he's at disadvantage. I'm going to dump Smite into both of these. Yeah! (counting) 36 plus the Smite, which is 32, 39 for the first, and then for the second hit is two, six, eight, plus the Smite, eight, ten, 12.


Do you know of anyone still in the city who would know their way about the sewers?


I do. Sure, I recognize that bartender and that bartender and--


You're stuck in the tree?


To the household, ja. If we find what we find in the woods is helpful enough, and we feel good with what we got. Then in the middle of the night is a go.


Oh! Caleb! Caleb, is that you?


I dream--


But that one's critical. So it doubles, right?


Extras from a bad zombie video.


We hear them laughing from their room. (all laugh)


Fucking-- Gil! Gil, you're a piece of shit today!


There may be murderers inside the trap door.


I technically haven't heard shit.


That's so mean.


He has his private office.


There was a back door, too?


Even beyond the diamonds.


Under the Nein?


Have you-- I mean, I think you have because you said you were, like, into somebody before. Have you ever kissed a boy?


Bust out Bad News!


Already, Grog?!


17, plus two holy damage.


I am down to my normal sword now.


Then what is it?


If it's a natural 20, then the Bane doesn't even matter.


Oh sweet, sweet dice rolls.


Okay. I heard you talking about money, by the way, I could lend you some, if you'd like.


I think this is my leadership thing. Yeah?


Oh! Grog's ticklish!


A gnoll?


Probably a dragon.


Growth.


So it goes around walls.


(sighs) Reggie.


Because of--


Man, I've never seen engineering and-- combined!


But you can finally kill him if you want to. (laughter)


Do you want a dice tray, Khary? We have an extra one down here.


I use my staff as a little bit like a jumping leverage point to give me a little bit of momentum and--


I can if you don't have anything you want to do.


Thank you, Mike Mearls, by the way.


But they were in this other game, of selling counterfeit stuff. So I did the thing that I knew would hurt them most. I took away their counterfeiter, and now he works for me. So I put them out of business, and I put me into business. And since then I've been doing that for a while, and it turns out I'm very good at it.


And you have to not be wind.


I know. One, two, four!


He's missing. Somebody broke in and took him. I go around and start asking-- no, I'm going to stay right here. Will you scry on him? I need to find out what happened.


I didn't hear, something about his spit. What did he say?


What are your plans? What are The Remnants' plans?


Why would you be sorry? I asked you for power and redemption. Don't you feel you gave me that? We lived, child. We all lived.


Okay, great. (counting) 19 points.


Like bunnies.


I haven't finished my training montage yet. Got to run through the snow, got to do pullups on trees.


Don't say that.


I practically raised her. It's a sensitive subject.


Why? We could get rid of the wagon later.


You heard it here. Next week in New York, live on stage.


It's very hard to see from this-- I will say--


Pardon me. Not yet!


What does that body look like, though?


(Regal voice) Indeed, stay our blade, please, obviously he can handle this.


You serve the goddess of knowledge, of openness.


We'll do you the favor, Senokir, of carrying this chain back to your place.


And you're saving your action until we're all touching?


(laughs) Five experience.


Don't piss on the hand. Number one  it's already in the bag of colding and I don't want everything else pissed on.


Little ooze.


You can't leave! (all laugh)


Oh no, he's dead already!


Is the skull with the gem in there still?


Thank you Bryan, we love you!


Well, that was a natural 20. But the first one was a six. Luckily, it's plus 14, so 20. (laughing and cheering) [no audio]


Let's just go in?


That's still overpriced for garlic.


Aphids? Oh, that's nothing. It won't really do much.


What if they repopulate all of these rooms that we've already cleared?


Can we just, forego those? I feel like this is going to be the beginning of a very fruitful relationship, surely.


Plus, do you add that to anything?


We have no idea what we have as a party anymore.


Well, we're above it, the cloud would be between--


It was a point of concentrated evil.


Can I try to scream out in some way to the Stormlord?


Yeah, I was going to say  I do not miss Sam Riegel giving me shit about my spell usage.


Oh. Okay. I'll go back down--


To release them.


I'm back to zero.


She just texted!


Which we would also need to hire people.


Fuck you.


It's probably Batman.


No, nobody should!


#kimawashere.


I just know things. I don't know what it means. I was trying to find a moment to figure out if you knew, or if we should tell you, or if this was part of some sort of plan. I hadn't figured it out, and for some reason, I had not realized that I was walking around with a bunch of gossips. Well, it's what I get, I suppose, for trying to be sneaky about things.


Then we are not fulfilling our responsibilities.


Are you looking to sell this, by any chance?


Yeah. Primordial.


I wrote them down.


With Bauza at the table, any celebrity could show up. He can impersonate anybody. Anybody.


Can I have it?


(softly) I don't think it's her. It's not her.


Yeah, it is.


Much worse?


He likes whores. Okay. It's weird.


What does it sound like if you laugh?


Oh, I hope it's me.


Okay. We should hire someone.


They can do that. That's totally-


We do. We have a meeting with the High Warden Tyrelda.


Nice, yeah.


Yeah, roll the shit out of that.


All right, I can be a burrowing monster.


Then why don't we just agree to not hand it over.


Can I run, Naruto-style, low, now he's behind me, toward the statue and crouch at the base of it? And then shoot up from there?


Where're you going, brainiac?


Did you see that thing?


I still look like a guard.


We're going to kill Kevdak. He's going to kill Kevdak.


Musty as shit? Yeah, okay.


It's there by-- good roll.


No, but do I get my bonus action as part of my move, or no?


12 plus six.


Happy birthday, Orion's mom.


As always.


I say from outside the boat  Yeah.


Worse than the Fire Plane?


20 to 15?


Now we're going to have to rescue Vax.


I'm cleaning my nails as I'm watching her.


Hope your mom's watching.


The Lyceum?


We have a theory. We think he might be originating in Wildemount? No.


It wouldn't have given me advantage on that save?


I toss two at the same time.


Should we have Doty open it?


Stop off, go to wine country.


I'd like to volunteer that perhaps we move forward until we can see whether there are any living people that we can help and we make a decision then.


You did great! You exposed the trap! You saved--


I'm sure we're going to try and talk to it, right?


I take half, right?


(shouting) I think these are magic throwing stars! I think I bought magic throwing stars!


I feel like they weren't that bad of guys. They could've attacked us, and they didn't. They just want out.


We're shopping for potions.


It's fine! I realize what I'm doing, and I stop.


Your sweaty shirts.


Renewed, undead strength.


Is it like Shapechange?


No, I'm probably getting so close. (laughter)


I will use Mass Healing Word. [cheering]


Once, but he's not going to go down.


I want to make a once-over on Vax and make sure that-- So you did, you got all the blood off, then?


They also look fearsome. Do people cower before them in their presence?


Did you guys just come here to see me?


You said the next few days without incident? Cool.


Which is right here. Ten, 15, 21 Bramble Shot damage.


I am definitely going to be playing that game, like right after the baby's born.


Anytime. You're welcome.


Hopefully I hooked them up there.


Just tell me where the fuck Erwen is.


I'm going to stay where I am.


That's the plus five. Okay, so 4d8. Shit, that's not a lot. Ooh!


With a wisdom save?


At cutting out horse tongues?


Oh gosh, oh jeez.


Seems that they were robbed before they came in here. It's weird.


Could you put a window through him? And that would kill him.


Someday, we will get out of the character creation menu, but not this day.


Hello everybody. I wish it were better circumstances. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.


How much of that do you have?


That's true, I could be hiding behind you and drag you.


Yeah, but we shouldn't go in the night. We need to rest.


And I'm going to send my duplicate after her.


Vax? Vax? Yeah, okay, right, you fell off the ship. Right? Vax? Um?! (all laugh)


Oh, we're not there yet. Sorry. We're just up the spiral staircase.


Because of the Haste, but I don't know, I'm dead. Do I have Haste if I'm unconscious?


You mean the not okay part being the teleportation room?


All right. It's a good thing we've all been watching Daredevil last week.


With my axe--


Super soaker!


Wanting to be drunk, but not really.


I walked in the green room at one point, and it was literally the, "No, Mom! Private time!"


Can you cut off that information? I would imagine that would be far too much.


Alchemy jug!


Does she know boats?


I haven't been on a boat in a long time, and I'm feeling a little weird about an airship.


Show your fucking fa-- (yelps)


I am whispering the incantation for Invisibility into a coin.


I also cast Hold Person.


We're getting farther apart?


Oh, yeah!


We even have a library.


We're working on getting all of that up on the website. We're working on it.


What's closest to the pools?


That's my favorite.


Yeah. Right over there is good.


But you should not have stolen that!


Preach, David Bowie.


We were in a huge fight with a fake thing that did no damage and you killed yourself in four seconds.


We are children lost at a Ross Dress for Less. We're never going to see our parents again. It's all over.


And that's my what?


I love you, but can you beat Kevdak without magic and friends?


Is the flag going to be a problem?


Yes, I'm staying. If I run, it's going to hit me, so I'm just going stay put.


So the girls.


With advantage. Yeah, 20.


I don't know if you can do a bonus action.


Actually, this is a check, not a save, so it wouldn't--


But it's only up to 30 feet away from her.


So it's not useless.


Your fight's with us, not with this city. Leave the townspeople alone. And I take off


But what if he thinks he's telling the truth?


I didn't know.


Dex bonus?


Matt is repairing an aquarium during our game tonight.


Well, it's worth noting just in case we cannot find the opening.


Raging, I see Vex take off so fast. I try and catch up to her and see what's freaking her out so much. My speed is 50.


Is it like that thing we ran into in-- Was it Kraghammer? Where were we where that thing was like a mash of bones and stuff?


Do you have advantage?


That it is.


Yes, I want to hear this story.


We're moving towards Vasselheim now. I'm negative on our chances of dealing with this before Vasselheim, but that's the goal, right?


No, I want to fly over closer to Percy on the other side of the tree.


Are there any portal windows?


Pirate on pirate violence is verboten.


Teeny tiny dice. Okay that's better, I rolled a 23.


I cast Minor Illusion on the first card, to turn the three into an eight.


That's true. How do people send messages in this town? Have we figured that out?


He's in my necklace.


(exasperated sound) (laughter)


Wind.


Oh! Wait! Hold on!


Oh! I lift it up out.


-- and then there's another cave with lava--


Just a little crushed herbs and water, like a tea.


I'm sorry, that lava cave just looks important.


The less people we're fighting, the worse it is.


We have adventuring to do, don't we? Things to help rebuild, and--


Yeah, going in danger close.


No, we know where the apricot might be, where the next apricot tree might be.


Yeah, that was fun.


I'll stay up, as well.


I don't actually mind taking the lead on this one.


I'm going to use Mage Hand to unbind his hands.


Put what in? The map?


Kashaw, you're running out of time.


I cast Mending on it.


I'm hitting the ones that have not been hit.


You can always ride on Trinket, too, Scanlan.


I cannot. Wait, we have to kill more of these fuckers?


Are you still shithoused? Are you fucking hammered still?


Can I do a nature check to see what the scratch marks look like? If they look like any type of beast I might recognize.


Leave that shit on.


Is there any-- I'm sorry, one last question. Is there any Thieves' Cant on the walls at all?


When you say this can't get traced back to you guys, does that mean you can't help us at all? Give us any assistance as far as your men, firepower, nothing?


I'm going to cast Fly out of my ring on Grog.


(shouts) I didn't know you were going to glue it to him!


I take the Chain of Returning, and I wrap it around my waist. And I hand the other end to Pike because she's got the ogre gauntlets. And I wade into the river to go get Percy. (cheering)


But then I roll--?


Nothing?!


The Seeming on us-- We look like us already.


Yeah, yeah, okay. Oh yeah, that's what it says, it says, "Reroll ones and twos," not "Reroll is +25." That is confusing handwriting from me. My bad. I'm just going to charge in as a bear, and in the dark, I can go ten more feet?


We're interested in a room for the night, actually.


The last time we did that, shit went down.


Yes, yes. We'll have to speak with them as well.


None taken. I go and help other people and call to Trinket to carry over some bandages for me.


I'm so excited by how you're doing this here. This is some crazy shit.


All right, fine. Seeming it is. We're all peasants and he's a donkey. And I'm a little boy.


Reckless. 23.


Tary G.


There's a fowl district?


Can we-- does our aim reach? Our ranged attacks, do they reach?


Kill her, kill her.


Great. Rusty instruments?


Yorda is the bartender.


No! I'm going to shoot her again. 18 doesn't hit her.


Yeah, 33.


Well, he's not invisible anymore.


I was about to say, would you like a Manual of Quickness? Here, for you-- (laughter)


The creature?


Okay. I'm going to put the hand crossbow up and run as fast as I can, straight at it. Using my bonus action to dash, I'm going to say to it: Hey, you! If you spend all day in a well, well, that's a day well-spent! I'll cast Hideous Laughter on it. (laughter)


It doesn't.


I will spend the rest of my turn moving back to where Doty was, picking up his book, putting it in my Bag of Holding so it doesn't burn up. Then crawl into a ball and cast Sanctuary on myself. (laughter)


You have to give a speech every time.


It's like a horror film. The more you leave it up to your imagination, the worse it is.


It's for the quartermaster. He said divvy up treasure.


Yeah, 1d6 per ten feet.


Not look at it, no, no.


I was going to cut his head off. I thought he was some kind of sentinel. He was seeing through his eyes or whatever. I was about to chop his head off.


He was so cool and strong and only his physique rivals my own, but I feel like he's got to die.


Then they all died in their sleep.


That's a very funny story, actually.


So I take the rug from Grog--


Stunning Strike.


I was just trying to make an entanglement arrow. It's a trapper's arrow.


Teeny hammer?


He'll never play piano.


Are you saying you are crazy? I mean, you did that in front of everybody. Are we having an agreement?


And you're so well-girded.


Oh, you can't tell anything?


I'm going to not move, though, because I don't want to step on another one of those fucking things.


(stutters) What, you can be Scanlan, but I couldn't be Vex?


You didn't travel much?


No, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.


I am with Vex, though, I have a feeling that the chance that this item has been completely forgotten is not likely.


This is a promise cask.


It's too long, it's too late.


Can I only give it one command per turn?


Keyleth, Hold Person or something to shut him up!


We're ready. Let's do this.


Yeah, but he's very-- Well, let's ask him. Maybe he's drunk enough to help us. Saddle up, Grog!


I tug up my dress.


Yeah, we got to go back and not watch that later.


Oh, in that case, I'm going to manage my spells then.


Is there like a port at the very south end of the continent, to where we could hop a ship and also do some research?


Clues and clues and beans and beans.


Before we end your life, tell us, have you seen a small halfling?


Oh no, you keep scooching back.


Do you want maybe a brochure? I could tell you about him.


That was a shitty spell he cast.


It offers unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs for just five dollars a month. They're supporting the show tonight. I was saying this in the car on the way over. (laughter)


However, this could be useful. Everyone in the town, the farmers anyway, seem to be gathering produce to deliver to the Briarwoods. We could pose as some sort of farmer troupe with a basket of goodies, and maybe get through the front gate.


Tary, do you want me to punch you in the face?


Shoot, the Captain.


What am I making? Insight. Okay.


I can't do shit! I will Dimension Door to his chest.


Weapon damage, plus my dex.


I'm a little guy. Look, it's bigger than my mug!


Well, here's the thing. You can steal stuff if you want, Nott, but the laws are enforced a little bit stricter here.


Okay, so she's...


(sing) All the single Percys, all the single Percys, put your guns up-up-up.


I jump. It's a jump. A normal little jump.


The pool that's up at the--


How many dwarves did it sound like there were locked in that prison cell?


(yelling) Use your feminine wiles!


Where's the closest?


Yeah, but I thought we were all-- never mind.


You're still up!


He looks like a professor.


Can I not do any bonus actions?


Me and Pike can heal him as I take the arrows out.


(singing with the music)


Yes, we do.


Should we follow along that path? But maybe off to the side a bit, like in the trees but next to the path?


As we walk, Fjord and I will keep a lookout for any more crustacean empty shells.


I thought that Draconia's on a whole another continent.


I don't know if it will actually-- I would have to probably train you in how to use it.


Throw a few into the Bag of Holding.


Chod, that was amazing. You slew those skeletons like they were nothing. Incredible.


If they reached in to be like, "Oh, are there hidden compartments?", would they see their arm disappear?


The bear's funnier, though.


I know it's coming. I know stuff is coming.


You're good?


It was permanent!


You embarrass me!


Without pants.


How much did you say was the total again?


Set a tent. Start a fire.


You can have them all at once.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on myself, and I'm going to stealth after him.


We're all one hit away from--


Can we at least try cutting down the bodies and running, and seeing what happens?


I know what he wants.


Can we run interference and try to trip the guard and get the thing back?


Oh wow. Okay, that's a hit. Ooh, they're all bad. 12.


You're all going to have comment cards that you are expected to fill out when you return back to the bar!


Well I recommend. We don't want to go up and through the camp again?


Neutral good.


You get advantage on strength checks and strength saves right now, so you can bust if you're grappled.


What are you moving?


It sounds scary to me.


Yeah, let's do that. No?


Of the Shorthalts. Okay.


I'm certainly open to that.


Throwing up while we do it.


No, she was--


Oh, you might have been--


How did you defeat them? The dragons that came to your doorstep?


These are fabulous.


Did you guys--


I'm going to feed you so much chocolate.


Inside the ship.


What? Oh, I was having such a nice story in my head. What is it? What do you guys want?


Under Kraghammer! Oh my god! Is there a ziggurat in Kraghammer?


(gasps) The gnomes are?


So it's just an extra 1d4. Okay, just checking. That's how that works. Okay, cool. See if I hit? Thank you. 13?


I am not wearing some things.


I can hold my turn? I've never done this before.


No tricks.


But we'll need to communicate with them. How?


Let's be honest. Raishan wants Thordak dead. That's her endgame as well.


As you're looking, I'm going to pull all the Dancing Lights down to one and put the rag over it and walk beside Beau so that she can see.


Evocation, right? Then the diamond--


I'm going to jam it into it.


Zoinks.


Spin him around once?


And I'm going to do something unorthodox that the DM is going to have to approve.


Give it over here. A Greatsword of Frenzy?


I'd like to see that.


I have one job. To take damage.


No, I'm good.


We got so much money.


Wait, where are you guys from? Are you from the Run?


Disadvantage?


Religion check?


That could be cool.


That's a proud choice, and I honor and respect it. I love women!


Go sit in the corner with it for 30 minutes.


Napster.


Oh, well maybe I should pay him to take me on an adventure because Jesus Christ. This is about as fucking boring as I can get.


I was cold.


It's me. I'm off here in the corner. (sings scat)


16 for Taryon.


Just hit the black hole.


Are we going towards the light or towards the rushing water?


It's worth 100, which is what I need for my spell, ja.


Okay. Come back!


Good ranging.


What'd you turn into?


You know, Jester hasn't done anything yet, she still has a Thaumaturgy she could do. "You can cause harmless tremors in the ground," but it doesn't say where. Oh, "within 30 feet," yeah. That's no good.


We're twins! Look into my mind!


Okay. I just want to duck behind it so I'm away from anything flying at me.


That was pretty cool, huh?


I say yes.


I'm going to throw up.


Well, let's go into the Quay, we haven't been in yet, right?


That's very fair, that's very fair.


I think he said he asked him.


Or just go to sleep.


But we are within range of you.


Put your hand in it.


We also kinda put a bunch of holes into the side of it.


Oh. Well, it's kind of a long story just--


We can actually see you guys pretty good.


Why didn't you say anything earlier?


We should go. Let's make hay while the sun shines.


Do I roll it for Trinket too?


Sorry guys, I'm a little absent-minded.


I have a little bit of business.


Never attack the bedding before you know the thread count.


Are we allowed?


That was what I was thinking, wall to wall.


I draw a dick on it.


You really want to go south? You two?


They prefer the term "toadstools."


I know! So I just needed somewhere to hide for a while, and there was this box, and it was open, and they were bringing it on a boat, so I was like: Hey sounds like a good idea!


She's cooked.


Well, if you want another drink, then, you're going to show us how to get there and how to deal with it and what you know.


And a fake mustache.


Okay. I'm going to take my three shots.


It's probably for the best.


We can go in that order.


That's a very Disney moment.


There is, and then dead center is a lot of space. You could say that this is the center, but-- okay.


That's what I'm saying. Let's go, we should go.


Are we getting out or are we fighting?


Context! The face paint smells like farts.


All right. Well, I wait for your full review. Thank you.


16 points? I'll take that.


Yeah, we said we were going to do that during the break.


Big Grog!


Beach priest.


Well, I owe you one. Forever. And I hate to say it, but I feel terrible about it, but I think I might've killed a couple of civilians because I feel like I owe you some, some help.


We are in deep shit! [music]


I would hope so!


Perhaps we can purchase a candle off of you to make amends.


She rolled that natural 20 that kept her from probably getting sucked into Uranus.


Yeah, you can go to Ank'harel, but we'll be right behind you, I guess. We know who you are now, Aes... Agus...


I begin ritual casting Detect Magic.


Oh my god, if the ritual finishes, they can teleport this whole fucking city. Shit. We have to stop this.


What is it you're working on? Just learning new magic?


Has it not occurred to you that you're not going to be able to fly?


No, I'm also going to back up about 15 feet as well. Then I'm going to crouch because I'm frightened.


Elf. 11. You just learned something, everybody. It's 11 in German.


Yep. For a day, I was like, "oh, god. I just outed myself as the biggest dork in the group."


No, we stayed up all night trying to get back here.


Can I ask this? Let's say we pick this gate where she's digging out this ditch. What is the terrain like on the outside of the wall next to that gate?


Sea hag!


I think you need some Florida rolling.


(grunts, pants) I see you've been taking some ballet. How very cultured of you. And I rush forward. I'm between him and the wall?


That's gross. Don't.


Yes. Two more minutes.


Oh! Really?!


You think it's safe? I don't think it's safe.


Fenthras! No, that's all I wrote.


I'm going to take my movement to run around him and shut the door.


I know-- And if she gives you the eyebrow and then you're like--


Kind of, yeah. That's what I was--


I'll take the front, with my darkvision.


But we have done a lot and you know what I am about.


I'm going to watch this all go down with Bad News.


Bonus.


Natural 20, and that means I don't even burn the grit for it, and that's arm-shot, so. Strength saving throw against a DC 19.


Several of them.


24 plus two.


And I say, tastes good, doesn't it?


We were talking about making it collapsible.


I saw this great documentary about it on YouTube.


Uh-huh. Because books are heavy.


Fuck that shit! I reckless, Great Weapon Master attack old Boney Face! Oh, that's terrible. That's better! Thank god for reckless! Sorry, 30 minus five, 25!


Shit! I jump out, and I go pick it up, it's too valuable. I run back.


All right, we go west along the Glass... Hand... Road.


Certified.


We didn't actually tell him about the manacles.


I like your headphones, too, by the way.


Is there drink? Is there smoke?


Yes. Thank you for bringing that up.


I mean, maybe Pike should look at it.


Big peanut butter energy.


Look for big pieces of rope.


Oh boy, there goes your finger.


(Cosby voice) You see, the black goo thing--


This is most likely going to good use, at the very least.


Yes, I know, right? (laughter)


With my life.


80-20, or I'm not doing shit. You can send him in.


(laughs) Man, I didn't get to masturbate in public.


I'm sure if we sleep on it, we'll think of something.


But of course. I am here to sell, if you are here to buy.


Right. See, this is old, but it's-- or is it my proficiency bonus?


Nobody noticed.


Where did you put it? Where did you put it?


That's a very interesting thought you have there. But, still, I would be just delighted to hear your attempt to simplify it for me.


Don't fuck me Gil! Okay, that's good, that's good. 19 on the first one.


Oh, this is where they make their offerings.


There's undead things in there


And I draw-- No. I'll tell you what I do. Pull down my breeches and I put the oil on my butt and I go (squelch). (laughter)


I saw Percy dip his hand into the water, so I do the same thing to see what it does.


Oh, God. Natural 20!


Well, some of us, yes. I say we take a night, we hit the ship and then head home.


It'll be like, "Yeah, fuck these treats. I want that meatball."


So? We're big and scary. She's a little old lady.


Magnets, how the fuck do they work? That's nice. 21.


That's a--


You know how I feel about you.


Do I have any spare-- I don't have any spare glasses, do I?


I've never seen Travis this nervous before.


Two birds, Molly. I like it.


I don't know how to.


This is mine. I earned this. And it's not actually in the game!


I'm going to keep some distance to see if anything snaps at me.


Don't look at me! I'm fine.


Ooh, I could be a little bit taller! I think if you put two on top of each other and push them in, it looks like lips are talking!


Yeah, we should have a big meeting, let them decide what they want to do with the rest of their fucking lives.


Like an hour or something.


This is Romper Room!


Do we have to go anywhere? Are we late to any appointments?


Cart. Could be some sort of device--


(gags)


It's a city. We need the Elder Brain.


(through clenched teeth) Stop it, stop!


Is there any traps in this room?


I literally just walked all the way over there and now you want me to go back?


Dragons!


Oh really? That makes me so glad. We love aminals.


I spend a day reading about that. I will spend every remaining day reading about-- I was rushed the first time I came here, so I'm going to spend every day left reading about the weave of time and any mortals' attempts to control it.


Just barely hits, yeah! That is an eight of damage. And just wait a second and go-- and throw it. And because I was such a cock it misses, that's a 16.


I don't want to see it.


What did you think you were drinking?


Your-- okay, yeah.


I want to make myself soccer field goalie this stuff with the door, in the door frame, just really trying to see if I can see any brush of dust or movement.


Oh, wait, are we slapping Vax? Let me try.


Yeah well I want to check if it's evil, but I don't know. It seems like it is.


I take off running out the room. (laughter)


To take the surface back?


Can you get me into that library tomorrow?


Pull me back!


Well, the bottom line is, (sighs) we have a pretty clear goal at hand. Everything else will have to be figured out afterward.


Oh, what? What?


Absolutely.


Ultimately, if we can get him in a building and then back out of the building, great. But if we can get him in that building, why can't we get him in the fucking mansion?


Ooh. You're never going to be on my show because you don't have time. I know. (laughter)


Kima. He means Kima


Roly-poly!


Deception, 15. Wait, or 29. It's a lot.


We can't really do that. We need to know where the tree is that we're going to be going to.


And a bargain at that.


(singing) Be my girl tonight. There's another verse! I've trucked across the heartland, from Dallas to Memphis and back. But Emon's the place I miss the most, where I want to hang my hat. So, darling, call the Piggly Wiggly, and tell them you're gonna be late. Turn off your phone because your cowboy's home. Get ready for an all-night date. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight. Roll me close, crit me tight. I got some illegal fireworks, a smokehouse, a new tractor, a hunting dog, my mama's Bible, some Frito pie, NASCAR tickets, a deer license, some new tires, a handle of Southern Comfort, but it's you that makes me feel all right. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight.


You and you, bitch.


It's like a weird shape, you know?


It's still needed.


Do you know what that is?


I guess it's Tiberius, then? He's all I got. It's got to be someone that I know? It can't be something I've heard about?


Beauregard, are the people on the boat doing anything different?


But don't you need them for the spell? Do we have a specific diamond pocket that, if we go down, you go in our diamond pocket?


Did you wander away from me?


Fuckin' focus!


Yeah, monstah!


Eh, Wie gehts? That's the end.


Where can we find this ziggurat?


We are, by the way, walking to our next destination.


All right. Do you plan to still reside there?


Let's let Grog punch a volcano.


But is it at the same time or is it a concentration?


Oh, well then don't do that. Never mind.


Matt. We're eels.


There's nothing else to catch fire in here. It'll be nice.


I have 19 hit points.


Uvenda, these beads.


Good teamwork.


I touched them all.


We're getting you a leash!


I'm going to move closer.


We wrapped it in cloth.


How did it go? Did you learn everything?


I think we're about to enter into someone's study.


Actually, before we go, I ask, do you have any holy symbols at all in here?


That's the key word is almost, you see. Yes. You saved our lives. We can never repay you.


So, yeah, I miss.


Well, I mean, come on. You came into a bar looking for young boys. What was I supposed to think?


I've used it.


It is set up.


Look, it's in the shape of a dick.


I think there's something spooky happening on the stone over here.


I can put on my sprinter's boots.


I don't understand.


So it is magical?


Yeah, we should be stealthy.


Okay, I'll kill the innocent.


You're pretty Whitestone blinged.


Damn, that's a Vox Machina number. About damn time. That's what level 17 will get you. All right. Yeah.


(weak laughter) Okay.


I'm going to check my bed just to see if there's any shit on it.


Do I see her in the water?


I take everything I just said back.


Just going to draw some dicks!


Her now.


Okay, shit. I'll use that Mage Hand again. This time, I'll unbuckle his belt.


So magic doesn't work?


Damn it! It's the second one I've rolled in a row.


This is also George Foreman. These three guys are also George Foreman.


I'll take one as well.


What'd you see?


Feels like a year.


I was hoping to procure some black powder again. We had a-- we made a deal last time--


Well, I cast it, so I'm going to say Hey! You spit that out of your mouth right now, mister! (laughter)


No, we have rooms. But they're combined.


Even with its disadvantage?


Well, walk us through it again. Walk me through it again, one more time.


Okay. Well, at least he started.


Yeah, but minus two for my fucking curse.


She is not good. She is taking it as you would expect.


God, is it just, you know, we travel so much, you don't really know--


I was going to say, Yasha, maybe?


I'll watch over these guys.


Cali, I'm just curious. You don't want to try and smash it on the ground real fast? Just for shits and giggles.


Who wants the coin in the morning, by the way?


Have a good day! And remember, shop at Gilmore's Glorious Goods! (laughter)


I'm going to let that happen.


And I wanna talk to Grog.


Strength check!


I had a flashback.


Phillip is training to an 80s training montage right now. In a beef locker somewhere.


In all the colors. Can it be in all the colors?


Yeah. I want to find something for the Traveler.


Be happy here.


I'm perfectly okay. It's not like they can come in. No one can enter who can't be invited.


To Vox Tempesta! (all laugh)


No, it's water and gas and pressure.


Does it look dark?


I can't restrain a fire giant?


I made out better than usual, yes.


That's very observant.


All over?


Can I fly close to start?


Weep! (laughs)


Yes, here you go.


Yes, I'm a little freaked out right now. You're my worst fear incarnate. Sorry, that seemed very rude. My worst nightmare incarnate.


Maybe they were looking at you. As Jester said, you're handsome.


Rich people love fancy art.


Let's fucking kill her and take the book, take everything in the place!


Where are we? Let's get into our rooms. We're going to go into our cabins.


I agree. You did the fancy spell.


What's - fucking hell. And I don't even roll for it. (screams)


But it should give.


We have a lot of other things to do-- let's talk to them.


Oondercommon.


I'm not going to make this. Eight.


Matt Aberny, I believe?


What's the distance from the middle of this archipelago to the nearest outer island?


Also has the mind of an ape.


He's probably working for the Empire.


Fingers.


All right. I mean, in a standard movement action?


I don't know how I would tell.


Did you build Dis city?


Hakuna matata.


Is that past where we're going?


Yes, exactly. Let's keep twiddling our thumbs.


That's not a terrible idea, 'cause I'm gonna be able to do dick diddly shit in there. That's, like, zero.


Divine Fury, can you do it on the first or only if the first--


That's not a rock.


Pour some sugar on, Keyleth.


He's the construction guy, he's like our head builder.


Doty.


YOLO! I'm going to run off the carpet and I'm going to do a swan dive and--


What? Come on--


Your lips are getting purple again.


I like this better. (laughter)


What are you wearing?


I can raise the dead, too, if you need help.


For ten damage each round.


They can attempt to cast a spell, but--


I know. I did not forget.


Yes, that's actually-- well. Kima.


What time is it now, after all the bug-battling?


I say we keep this teleportation a secret, unless he tries to start bargaining for shit.


Hope it does well.


Margaritaville!


Number one, I'm going to yell at the boys to run back into the mansion.


You punched that ghost really well.


14. I'm going to assume-- I mean, it's probably way too far, but I want to keep my Hunter's Mark on Lord Briarwood for the time being. So I'm not going to break that, even though he's probably far away, so it's just 14 damage to the Broker.


It's the legal thing, after-- oh no, it's not!


They can go back to the boat, right?


Without even figuring out, yeah.


Ooh, good. Smarty-pants.


May I ask with my intelligence score of 18 and the Keen Mind feat, could we say that Caleb is a speed reader?


Are they super snooty there?


I have very good charisma.


Oh my god, it's a condo. It's a condo complex.


Mine are almost in the singles.


Gold mast, underneath the hoard. And also, much more gold and platinum that we can't possibly carry.


We're immune to fear and you have advantage on any wisdom saving throws.


Maybe that's how the Ravenites can get to Emon, if they can help us?


He said "baby" a lot.


Wait. Let me see what's on him, first.


Diminution? To good old Vax here.


And I hope-- If you're willing, that if we decline your offer, I hope you will take no offense.


Should you put it on the door with like a dagger?


And that's-- I'm sorry, you know why I'm a little confused, I just had to switch, again. That's, wow--


Of course you did.


I think it would probably go to the Abyss or something.


Yeah, well, let's bring him home.


Vasselheim, yeah, they’re on the lax.


Some people didn't think that it was--


Not good. 14.


(panting) I heard shots. What's the problem?


It's like falling off a bicycle; it's easy.


Yep. So the first one is... 23, 33, 34. 34 points of damage, first one.


Flurry of Beaus.


Fjord.


Is it too big to carry? He's got a flaming axe right now.


What do you mean, you don't want to walk up to the palace?


Yeah, great, awesome, sweet. Can I use Eldritch Blast against the big fucking guy, because he didn't get any closer for a melee attack, right?


Okay. Maybe another day, though, you can see him again. I'm sorry that I used arcane trickery on you. May I borrow the Happy Fun Ball for a few hours, just to play with it?


Still kicking sand in.


Our amazing sponsor this week is Backblaze. Backblaze is an amazing, unlimited cloud backup company for your Mac and PC, for just five dollars a month, it's incredible. We have an amazing representative from Backblaze in the studio. He's a crazy, crazy uber-fan. Yev, wave to me baby, blow me a kiss. He's incredible.


We fought of a bunch of ancient dragons. We've established order back in our realm.


(uncertain noises)


It's not bad, actually. It's not bad.


I see him, I'm gonna stab, I'm just gonna stab.


(sighs) This is about to feel so good.


I spin around again and put my back to this tree.


Her claws.


Loaded for bear, as it were.


You could do it on this move. Then on the next move--


Oh! Can you imagine if you had been attacking the pit fiend?


Okay. Six, 11, 19 is the first one.


Bye, carpet.


To see if it smells like nature.


Yeah, you're good.


Max damage!


That thing beneath Whitestone could be a weapon.


What is this method?


Okay, I have my book, which I think gives me advantage, I think is how it works?


Hey! You remember our old plan of just set everything on fire? Let's set everything on fire!


Yes, they are, because Circle of the Moon, baby.


Great. I will break my Hex, and I will use a Hexblade's Curse as my bonus action on that gentleman.


Somewhere in Tal'Dorei.


I hold up my shield.


What is your niche?


Yeah, you've had too much chocolate milk.


I'm pretty sturdy though, so I wouldn't sweat it.


Well, someone would have to be next to the doorway, pop their head in and say, oi, it's on. But we also have these bubbles of watching around, don't we?


Supposedly.


Oh, come on, Trinket.


The next one, I will try--


I'm taking two more steps, and I'm getting that next fairy that thinks he can fucking hide from me.


This is Lockheed.


I'm so excited for the calamity that's about to be brought down upon my house.


12-- 22? Oh, wait. Yep, 22.


And that chest is closed?


Oh, come on...


You could dash. Broom dash.


It was difficult, leaving.


No! The red guy was holding the orb. The green guy put up the force wall and ran away.


Hey, look what I can do.


You are a cleric.


We lost a guy on top. Wasn't there a guy on top?


That was pretty gross, straight through.


As he's trying to run away, and since I'm big Beau, and I can do this, I just go: Oh, nope, no! And I stick my leg out, and trip him.


No! No. It was just so calm that once the sun came up, I heard you-- I fell asleep.


How are the twins and boss-man here arranged in the alley, or outside the door?


Yasha. Yasha.


Any seams, or just smooth?


It's a fine offer, Ulysses. Where would you have us get out of this rain for a bit?


I want to push it like one inch in and try to peek in.


I go still as a statue.


I love it! (all laugh)


Or do you want to be more over yonder?


She's tried.


I did too! (all laugh)


Yeah, there's a whole other cavern. There's ruins and objects and all sorts of stuff. We're not done with this by a damn sight.


She rolls-- what is it, 2d6, maybe?


Everyone's pretty happy, though. You should come down and have a drink with everybody.


The last war on Thar Amphala! What does that mean?


Come on, come on, come on!


