Can you say all of that again for me? (laughter)


Absolutely, I would agree.


Well, I'm off to deposit this hide!


I have to.


Nine. Nine.


Mercy kill Jester!


This is excellent.


I'll take acrobatics. It's only 11.


Hey, Vax, you got that rope yet?


You're more nomadic?


Wait, I got to get my handaxe first, so I pick that up.


Yes, that's, yes. I like that a lot.


Yeah, move away!


No, I would have gone with him.


Natural 20, natural 20! (cheering)


Oh, what if we show him one of our little beans?


18 damage.


We don't recognize faces? We don't see faces?


What is the general atmosphere in town? Are people just done?


Do I see the type of feather it is? Can I tell what kind of creature it was?


Sure. Why not? Let's get out of here. Do you want to take Briarwood with us, or bury her in the rubble?


Yeah. I knock and say, it's Fjord with the Mighty Nein, open up!


Wait, where are we putting it?


Take five.


All right, I'm going to draw. Draw a card. Oof, oof, oof, such a good card.


It is every short or long rest.


She has a ship with cannons.


I'm with Vex. You all honestly--


I don't really have any other--


Do we want to waste power on somebody who's...


When I turned into the eagle, what happened to the Bloodaxe and chain?


I will go ahead and spend Patient Defense.


As it does, I want to use my bonus action to spring off his shoulders towards my friends.


To outside a building in Vasselheim.


The pit fiend.


All right, fine, I've got two diamonds, both worth 1,500. I don't have a thousand-gold diamond.


I'm writing magic glaive.


Can we have the mansion, Scanlan?


When you were with your mother?


Shit. (long sigh) I take one of those bottles of beer, then I leave.


Okay, I'm going to go for this mother. I'm going to run up towards it, once again parkour off of that little-- yeah, and give a nice flying Superman punch and then an uppercut.


Only one way to find out. Burn every house down except for those three mansions and see who runs out.


Yeah, so it's not cancelled out, if I hadn't moved it would have been, never mind. We'll just fucking say it's fine, because then I'm going to wish I had that crit I just got. So 30 was the attack roll. Okay. (groans) Okay, that is 13, 14, 15. 15 plus one lightning damage. Plus six sneak-- no sneak attack, just kidding.


Excellent point.


So it glows.


I don't think you should stop someone from talking to a god if they want to talk to a god.


I'll just use the same one.


Good tale, but we'll get there one day.


They're really bad! If they're really bad guys, they were super bad. The duergar are so bad. She'd probably be happy--


It's the brain bug from Starship Troopers.


No, you did so much already! So much! (farts) Sorry. I'd blame it on the chair if it wasn't trite.


Uk'otoa? (parrot caw)


So light him up.


It's actually-- I can reduce damage, I can't change whether or not it hit.


Looks like the spell worked.


Or bugs. Roly-polies!


Two rolls.


It's the Asp Hole.


What about their weapons? Do they have any?


White scales?


I always feel like I'm bullshitting it now. What am I rolling? Investigation?


Yeah, nope. Not leading.


And how many brothers and sisters do you have?


Ten whole points of healing.


You have advantage on-- oh, ability checks. It's just ability checks.


I just hear the sounds of ones.


That was the pope, Travis. That was the pope.


Stolen by someone in the government?


I'm going to cast it again, just so we don't.


Oh! Is it favored terrain?


You can't build a machine like that in under, what, a few weeks?


Like Dig Dug. Exactly the same thing.


We should do some recon. There might be beings or creatures around there that we can distract, use to our advantage, something.


Thank you. He turns and looks at the rest of his party. Well. It's certainly been interesting.


Partial, yeah.


Oh, Vex'ahlia, you'd best give him that 1,000 gold now--


She's had one drink.


I say  You're not going anywhere. I'll attack.


Don't eat it.


Damn it! Come on, fucker, hit. 33 to hit.


Way to go, badass.


I literally just said that.


Oh? All gnomes know each other, so who was it?


And we have far less time than we would have imagined.


Yeah. Separate issues.


(boom) (exhale) Damn it.


Can I do a nature check--


I was just wondering.


Me again!


I know. Jesus! It's like I've never done this before. 24.


The Grudge Gang-- they've hired the entire gang, or just the members of the--


Potions first.


Broom.


Okay! I'm going to attack him again.


Are you talking about Dres-- Vecna? Are you talking about Vecna?


I find a stick. Open up!


And when it went out, I didn't see any daylight or anything. Just disappeared.


I think that works, is like, if it goes all the way down to zero-- [break]


Crew hates us.


Leaves a lot of room for a bad roll.


Just for the purposes of sneaking around the house.


Nice, Scanlan.


And everyone falls.


Also, let's re-employ our castle guards as the Emon royal guards in the meantime, and they can serve the queen and her children.


We have 1,000.


It seems like a pretty godly place to go to make a statement.


Your memory is like an iron trap!


Oh no. Oh no.


No, the beholder, K'Varn.


You just bamfed us out.


I don't mind.


Big kaijus-kind of thing?


Well, we were in hell, it's just--


Let's make our way to the tower and maybe head up through the tower. We don't have to necessarily fly up to the top.


My god, Ashley's a master fiddler, isn't she?


I mean, I can just use Water Breathing and cast Pass Without a Trace on us, that's the only thing, is I can't do that if I have Alter Self.


Bonus action. There's not really anything I can do, is there?


And perhaps, considering that we're going to be very mobile, a map would not be the worst purchase.


We do it to everyone. Don't worry.


Oh goodness, oh goodness!


Do I look funny?


I'm weirdly on-board.


Oh, then I'll just report back in a minute.


Yeah. We'll let you know. I'll walk brazenly down to the ship with you.


If I have the first watch, I have darkvision, and I take out my Firebrand Warhammer as I begin my watch.


You don't know if you were born there or grew up there?


It's just a book?


For god's sake, Vax, stop aerating more wine! We've had enough! You've had enough!


Wockwurt?


I don't think it works quite like that. It has to be a broken thing.


Okay. I'm just going to check for traps.


Do you need a drink?


I would love to walk you to something that I was a part of building and creating here in the city, if you'd like.


Crit on a 19.


How far away are we from them? Like, in distance?


Well, I don't really-- Hey! What do you think I should do, guys? (all laugh)


(sighs) Ten.


Great! Then that means it's staying there.


I'm 35 feet away?


I mean, do you work for anybody or do you have a deal with somebody? Do you like who you work with? Seems kind of a rough gig.


Dead. Instant death.


I think he probably has some thing. Whatever they do.


Amazing work. If you need any landscaping done, don't be afraid to ask. Pike can get you in touch with me.


You know, meat if you have it, but if you don't, that's okay, too. Potatoes, or bacon if it's on the menu, but really anything--


Yeah. That's good, I like that.


Oh no, we missed our stuff.


And then we can stealth down--


I still have my purse on!


It'll be your last one in here.


What kind of man is he?


(counting) 27. So 27 damage, and then DC of 17. Strength DC of 17.


Can you take me to him? Where is he at?


I have to pee.


Keep him out of your head!


Do you want to shoot an arrow in?


It's a violent world.


I'm going to burn a bonus action and spend another grit point and do another shot.


It's amazing. We're in a comic book. We did it.


That's a ranged spell attack, correct?


Okay. I will hold my action in case he disappears.


(whispering) Frumpkin, kitty, kitty.


Let's just do this. Come on.


Dear spinning death machine.


I'm not going to burn you, Grog. Just take ten feet.


And I'll use my bonus action for more movement.


That would be helpful. To fly over things. Like pools of acid.


While they're talking I say  we've got two gentlemen up here.


How did you know we would be here?


Is that possible? Can we attack from the roof, from the opening in the ceiling? Can we attack him from up there? We don't have to go in.


A given.


Well, can we walk over to the cauldron first and see what's above it?


A lot of math involved in that equation.


Gra-pelled?


I'll join in that. 21.


(quietly) Do we know what the Vestige that she has does?


Magnificent. I flip up the table in my hands and I smash it over his head.


Who needs you to be invisible? You're a stealthy bastard.


Amazing. Couldn't have done any better.


That was cranberry juice, Grog, and that was a solid opinion.


Big money! Are you fucking serious?


I don't really have a clear view of what's going on so I would, on this wall here, I would inch five or ten feet up the cave to see what's going on.


I'm going to use my second spell and do Telekinesis and pick one up and try to hurl him into the other one.


I could create a diversion.


And that's-- sorry. Seven damage on that one. And then second one... ooh, those are double fours, which I don't believe hit.


Monk shit.


Well, we have multiple things we can be doing. We can go meet Keyleth's druid family in the mountains, right? Fire, brimstone, stuff like that. We have a lot of money waiting for us.


I cannot. It is not alive. I cannot.


I'm going to fly next to him and I'm going to touch him and I'm going to cast Lesser Restoration on him.


Asshole.


Not covering anything.


We don't see it. Okay. I feel like we should get closer. I'm going to move over to Fjord.


We're heading east right?


Where are you at?


So we're all together?


Percival, stop. He was cursed.


Asking them to help us kill a dragon?


That's as low as I can roll.


Who's she?


But he's in a mansion, he'll just pop out and then he'll be sitting in a tunnel by himself!


Oh, it's really -


I spin and I say  do you see? Do you see what staying in one place does? This is what weakness looks like. I would return you to the wild. I would return you to power. But you will have to do it under this goliath's rule. Unchain Zanror.


Oh, great! Wait, these are guards who are outside, yeah?


Did you have a weird night? Do you want to tell us about it?


I have advantage on both. No, strength. Natural 20.


Right, okay.


Huge, mammoth.


My natural one beats yours.


But don't go alone. You can still get hit with traps.


You ever want a vision quest, just let me know.


At dawn, we swim.


It's a narrow hallway.


Trinket gets my bonus.


I'm going to put my hand on it and do--


This is some basic shit that you're picking up right now.


This is delicious.


Wait. Do they know we're coming? We're just in the middle of their home now?


Tiberius--


That's a 19! Perception?


Done, sold, thank you.


We should probably rest.


I mean, elementals--


Where was it? Ring of Telekinesis.


I'm not. He's drawing the card.


But a great sword.


Let's go! We've got it, we've solved the case!


What if we want to be a mermaid, though?


You kind of do sound like that.


How did it make you feel?


20? Yeah. 11 to 20 are out, right now. The other next batch of 10 should be out in a couple of weeks or so. But you can find that on iTunes and Google Play.


26 and 32.


-- and look in one of the tunnels--


It's Frenchie. (laughter)


We’ve got time, we’ve gotta wait for their man-date, we can go see some sights.


It’s my shiny, though, I didn’t want to give it to her, though. She’s evil. You see how she haggles!


That might be good for you, though.


Is that my action or a bonus action?


All of the same construct, all looking for the same, what do you call it?


Yeah, I'm still holding him down.


Thank you, Cerkonos. And I'm glad that you're still with us.


Yeah, stuff him in a closet or something for now.


Wait, Vax. From a one to a ten, would you say she's a...


I'm just letting you know I'm trying to keep her close. I feel like this whole thing's getting a little out of sorts and the best way to keep a small finger on the pulse of things is to--


We're leaving the beacon on the ground, Beau.


Can I use my ranger skills to try to camouflage us into the side of the mountain? To make us even more non-seeable?


Does the iris move at all, or is it static?


Trinket was too far away.


On the one attacking Scanlan.


Okay. So they might have a grudge about that.


That is respectable.


I feel so inspired, Keyleth. Thank you.


Let's go find them.


Abandoning expectations!


So this is what it sounds like when doves cry!


At least it appeared diseased.


What if he's nice? What if he's that random creepy merchant you find in the middle of nowhere?


(whispering) We should kill him. Let's go kill them.


Are we going to do a studio tour at some point?


Oh, I'm drunk.


Wait that's Whisper, plus-- 14 big points.


I stumble away.


I'm specifically curious about how the impact of the hammer creates an explosion.


Just go. Let's go. Can we go?


Nice try, Grog.


Yeah. We need to go have some toasts to Vax.


You reanimated him? Oh then, never mind. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.


I'm still really confused as to why we came back here to begin with.


Yeah, I don't think it was acid reflux.


This is where we're gonna check out the lodestones, before we go through the door.


(nervous noises) Nope, I got nothing. Prismatic Spray will kill everybody else-- ring of the ram's dead-- I can't throw anything that far, right? He's like 40 feet away from me?


Well, technically that's a dex check, so if you have Cat's Grace I'll take it.


Slow, and I will target these four assholes right here, I think I can get in one go, probably. 40-foot cube.


Hooded ones?


I don't know. I've never done it before.


Did it look like a natural cavern or a man-made cavern that Lockheed was in?


I'm trying real hard to not make it super scary.


We really should have gone up and looked at it up close before.


What what what no? No? Nothing? No luck? Come on.


What if the guy he wants us to kill is like a real piece of shit?


Still, if this goes south, we leave.


Well, the second--


Maybe you have. It is called the Plate of the Dawnmartyr. Are you familiar with this?


Yoga position. Devil Dinosaur.


I will miss you too.


CR.


Yeah, I walk over and I stop Grog.


Except for Nott.


Ah, fly me down with you.


I mean, I guess-- I would have to give him a candle, wouldn't I?


Damn right, he did. With my bonus action, I'm going to go into my--


Oh! Yes. Uh--


Right, it's sort of a platform, but you can't really tell what it is.


Ha. (laughs)


From, like a swinging branch?


No, no, no, literally shitty-ass knickknacks.


He's pretty handsome.


Yeah. Fucking smart-ass. Maybe he'll surprise you, but I don't know.


I can also do that. Or he can.


I give him two gold.


I am genuinely a little drunk, and didn't remember who the Myriad were.


Oh, Grog and Kima.


Not me right after Vex?


Percy!


And I got naked, too.


You're welcome to try.


You're the chatty Cathy. Get with the talking.


The humanoid figure doesn't seem to have noticed us? He's not moving?


Tell him his name, too. Or, ooh! We can make one up.


As they're leaving, can Kash pull Zahra aside really quickly? Are you going with them? Seriously?


The innocent patrons, you mean?


What kind of advice did Nancy Reagan give you?


I like the idea of bringing it down.


You're in love with the Dread Pirate Roberts?


(high-pitched) Rakshasa!


58, 64.


And please. I mean, we thought it was a corpse, at first, when we got it. Then, when we opened it up we got really excited and I had this, which I used to open it. We got really excited and took a bear out, and then it was a bear and we forgot about all the wrappings and the paper. So if you sent us the bear, please contact us now.


I'm in. Whatever you need, just tell me and I'll get it for you.


Actually, hold on a minute, let's all rest before we deal with this one.


Pass Without a Trace!


Like properly.


Not anymore with these rolls.


I'll be up front. I can do that.


Yeah! Cool. Well, they're worth like six thousand gold, so I guess--


I kind of parkour past Percy.


With a different die. Of course, with a different die.


Because my stunning strike didn't use my bonus action, right?


Well that's the trouble with looking for something that if you don't know what it is.


Ever.


And I'm gonna shoot it--


Let's see. Frostbite.


They've just revealed the very dashing portrait of Scanlan Shorthalt today.


Lord of the Rings.


I go over and I start-- boulders, dirt, everything.


If we were to go down to the docks and ask after a few people he worked with, is there anyone you know that we should speak to, familiar of his?


Scanlan, do you have a room here?


Nobody asked me about him.


Percy, what a tough thing for you to do.


I'll take care of that barricade.


Around Grog.


It makes me feel connected to you guys, even though you're not there. So I say that to myself every night before I go to sleep.


You have some secret tattoos that we haven't seen yet?


Yeah. Box him in the water and then lightning the water.


I Hunter's Marked him, too, didn't I? I didn't add my Hunter's Mark on either of those attacks. An additional seven for Hunter's Mark.


Wait, he got two wishes? You gave away two wishes?


Undead gas.


No, I'm not. I'm actually just built this way. I could be, I'm built like I am.


(muttering)


Fuck it, just go with it! (all laugh)


Can I drink one?


Yes. And we went today!


That's depressing. Well, I get the bonus, so that's 18 points of damage.


It's seven-inch--


29. (laughter)


27 points of damage. And she has a disadvantage on strength and dexterity checks for the rest of the round. For one full round.


That's included.


Half that?


Yeah, you know, he's dead, so, what's he going to do?


Hold on! Watch your pockets, watch your stuff. Just keep an eye on your things. Yeah, just please come?


Well, there's one way to find out. Mimosas, please.


It's not weakened enough yet, is it?


That wasn't a Gil die, but I'll let you know when it happens. 19.


I ain't scared, and neither is Yasha. She'll use Divine Fury if it hits.


Maybe look for ropes crossing the ground.


He's going to make some protection.


Oh shit. Water elementals.


That halved?


25 minutes.


I can make them. We just need an animal.


Well, Urukayxl, and we've been heading towards Darktow, so we've been coming across-- did we pass the wall? Coming in this direction, did we pass--


Yeah, let's have Yasha--


This is a really good box! The bottle opener's really cool.


In a center spot?


Did we ever do any of that poison resist stuff? We fell down the stairs, right?


Lives here in the Feywild?


Does that halve both of those?


There is opportunity.


Trinket's downstairs. We should leave Trinket.


I'll do Unseen Servant, named Mort.


Yeah! Don't fuck with me, man! I will blow you away, motherfucker!


I wish I were Percy.


Yeah, you have advantage on intelligence checks.


May I insight-check Yonn?


Groups of people are always idiots. Never trust a group of people. I specifically used to gather people into groups to make them into idiots. It's just what you do. You don't--


You're trying to bail, aren't you? Were you trying to run?


A pleasure. Thank you so much.


For the first one.


I'm laughing just a little bit. I maybe peed a little.


Cool. I don't see nothing, right?


Well. You know, I've been on the road a long time and I'm carrying a smell with me, if you cannot tell.


Treat proposals like we do our dungeons? (laughs) We circle back.


In Gnomish, welcome to the store. Any family of Pike Trickfoot is family of mine. I am one of her closest friends, Taryon Darrington. Here you go. Blondies on the house for everyone to celebrate your blondie, Pike Trickfoot.


Two, so it's a three.


It says, bardic inspiration, no that's not it, is it? 1d10, is that, five?


I have things that I need to do--


I'll move back behind the pillar.


They never met her.


Could you be a little bit more specific? (laughter)


Uh, troll penis story.


Don't worry about that.


(singing) It's a dick in a book.


Did you want to bring the mirror with you?


Don't go lower than that, that's got to be the worst.


Do it, Pike!


Does he see The Mighty Nein?


Ships are really cool. We like to steal things.


20-- 23 and resistance.


She doesn't have to do that. She can just ignore cover.


Campfire smoke?


Through both campaigns.


Don't worry, we'll save you! There's a thing, and it's trapped and there's the reptile thing that's going to eat it!


We're in Alfield. That's where I stole mail. Okay, I was getting confused if we were in-- Okay. Cool. Do you guys want to stop in down in Trostenwald on our way?


Shit. There's nothing to steal!


You know, for the first time in my life, I'm willing to sacrifice booze--


I could get a second mortgage!


Well, you look sparkling clean! You look very dashing.


Does one of the ghouls look scarier than the others?


He's at the back door.


The thing is, it only lasts for four more days. This is just a weeklong fundraiser. You can get coffee, you can get hoodies, you can get a bunch of these things, and all the money goes to charity. If you're interested, swing on by and take a peek at what we've got. If there's any of my people in the Twitch stream, which I'm guessing there are, you can throw a link up there so other people can see it.


Yeah. That's how I roll.


Nott, you took that with 19 hit points?


Not so much tracking right now, just a loose passover as we're going, looking for any kind of hunting traps or trails, signs of life of things that have been traversed a lot.


Don't worry, it's just fruit.


I lick the cleric.


That is very convenient.


I reach up and I touch his back. And I say are you yourself?


It's me, Pike!


How many times can you scry?


Mayonnaise, at the very least. (groaning, laughter)


(whispers) What if they did all of this to get us away from Whitestone?


Best way to learn to swim.


Is that a good thing?


It was last campaign, Travis said.


I have lots of rings, do any of them have diamonds in them?


No, don't do it.


Oh yeah, Balgoos! Balgus.


Tell them to quit and re-login.


I have the box out, ready.


The rivers are called the Gilded Run?


(ripping noises) I'll give him two strips of Scroll of Telescription. If any harm falls upon you, write on this. I explain what it does.


-- I lay on my back--


I'm definitely super injured, but this sounds fun.


Before I left, did I see Grog in his hat?


Crack into a Kraken.


Oh man, you are teaching life lessons.


They made this for you?


I do not feel safe using it.


Is that close to here?


Shame! Shame!


Ooh, those are good!


Shoot out the window?


Can you see any trees?


And I guess I still have an action, because I can't get close enough to search for the lodestone?


Yeah! Thank you! Thank you! I'm going to see it and immediately Beast Shape into a little mouse and (crawling sounds) through.


If they don't see us.


The one that's in charge. Kerrion.


Make some maple syrup?


I'll take my helm and cock it to the side.


Two. Because the ring gives me one extra.


Damn it! Eight.


Ah, this is where we need to go, I'm assuming.


Yes. Whoa, that's good. 11 plus four is 15 to me. And then I'm going to run over to Percy, and I'm going to hold his hand.


Well, I've never used this spell before, so I just did what you did.


It's turned into a battle cry. Pickle wreck!


(laughs) Musel


Shit. Is she buff now?


We love you guys, kind of. (all laugh)


We basically don't have a plan. We're going somewhere until we come up with a plan in the meantime.


It's for their own safety.


Eggs benedict.


Running, and I'm going to swan dive, and as I swan dive--


Okay, I'm going to peek out. Who's seeable? Is the guy that I've been shooting--


Are we all at disadvantage on the dex throws?


Say the thing that you wanted to say.


I could hear them, but that's the only thing that I could see.


It's so nice to see familiar faces.


Don't you have that Divine Intervention-y thing? That Dear Sarenwae-- Sarenrae.


No, finish this first.


Yeah, baby steps.


Yeah, Control Water. I can push it away, and if you do that, then maybe we can all get in and then maybe I can throw up a wall!


Same guy.


Not bad. 26.


Here's a question, if you start thinking of it going in a particular direction, does it keep going in that direction?


Just a quick question. We have no fucking idea what time it is. Because we usually use the sun. Do you know what hour it is? Are businesses open at the moment?


How many is that, Grog?


Yeah. TALIESIN. Don't. 'Cause we don't kill the kraken.


Before we go in, we're going to go to the basement.


As we leave, Frumpkin's head does that crazy owl thing that goes 180 and flips around and just looks as--


This is the meal I was waiting on.


Some of us can fly over them.


Well, I feel like I should leave you with all of my belongings, and all of my magical items, but I need them for my brigade. I'll leave you with the seashell crown that who gave me? Grog?


You have to pay her to do it too.


(muffled) That's was going to save your fucking life later.


I'd say a little bit of spice, so that the food that we're creating doesn't taste too bland.


Percy, thank you.


Well, I only have one d20.


I don't think I take compliments very well.


And I reach back, and I backhand him as hard as I can. (laughter)


No, there's another guy.


No, that's when we get out and smoke him out.


Ionos is the time of year? No.


Six people cannot wage a war.


No. I can turn you into an eagle.


Madman, love it.


Way too late, man! Way too late!


Where can we study? The Cobalt Reserve? Is it still standing at all in Emon? Are there any books left?


Get rid of the seas. [laughter]


Yeah. I got this.


Wait a second, wait a second. When you peeked into Hotis--


Stab! Stab! Stab!


They're like walkie-talkies.


Okay. Come on, Trinket. No! He's probably pretty frightened. Oh, does that count as intimidation?


Did you? Oh dear.


Welcome to the game, Joe!


We take a short rest and then exterminate.


Why did we need diamonds?


I know that...


So, second pact is  we get a bunch of devils, and they get to install two in a place of divine worship to be determined. Third pact is: we get all sorts of devil magic in exchange for our souls.


Do we want to go front entrance/back entrance?


I trust your judgement.


Does it look like they struggled?


20 plus 20, 12, okay.


I know! Percy just ran off to the basement, to his workshop.


That's what I was thinking.


That's 13 extra damage for Trinket.


Oh, no, this is probably a Tree Stride situation. Let's do that.


Sometimes I sound like my sister. I'm sorry. I just like equality for all.


I will focus on untying and getting it off, and then I do the thing that you do where you push on the side of the dock, and I try and get us like (grunt of effort).


I do have ball bearings. Take my second hit.


(Tracy voice) Look, this is why! Every time I try to talk to you, you play with your toys.


Like a union with a dictator?


I follow Sarenrae.


Should we check it for traps first?


We're one episode in.


We all were wearing the necklace, so we all got a beep.


"Elevated heart rate."


Kraken!


Hex wins again!


11, doesn't matter.


Who is watching us?


Yeah. Doesn't sound like a city I'd want to live in.


Keyleth takes a minute to Druidcraft some wildflowers around the pyre.


Goddamn it! Wait, it's my favored terrain.


I wish I could be a fly on the wall when those wizards hear this story from the crownsguard, just like--


I'll peek over the side and say, (singing) Never going to fuck you up, never going to let you down, never going to run around and not heal you. (laughter)


Ooh! That could be chapter one of the new book.


What are the rules of drinking hard liquor on Twitch?


Or very far, when jumping off a cliff.


I nudge Grog.


Yes, he takes eight plus ten points of poison damage. On top of the dagger damage.


Flying Snake! Curled Flower! Stench Cow! Corpse Flower!


I look at Vax and I go, does anyone want any dessert?


You're going closer?


He's likable.


There's no obvious weapons that you can see on her, but she has this long green cloak that's really covering her left side and you would probably see that there's black scales all over her left side and she's deliberately holding her arm completely hidden. Her arm's invisible underneath the cloak.


I bought you history porn!


We could just steal a ship.


That's good. That's okay.


Cool name, Kathel.


I know that thumb.


Jesus! In one game?


There's nothing we can do right now.


It's our time. It's our time down here.


That would be a zero. Because I rolled a two, and my charisma is minus two.


We have Ripley's gun.


We're not trying to kill him, we want him to work with us.


I think it sucks.


You'll be stronger than the last one, I will say.


(whispering) The Gentleman. Who's the Gentleman?


Yeah, in Infernal I say, Oh, you're such a cute kitty!


All right, don't fuck me, opal die. That opal die fucked me. Wait, do I have advantage? No.


I'm going to just take the broken gun and point it at my sister. What do I feel?


Is there anybody who's awkwardly into it, but definitely would probably walk away if they could? Is there anybody who's a little--


Trouble is our middles names.


Yeah, and going up also, I grab hold of that leather thong that's tied around my thigh and I cast Mage Armor on the way up.


Mr. Owl was a dick. It was a dick move.


I had a feeling. It just felt worth asking.


Of course, I was just about to get it out here. It's for the whole group. We're a team now. Right?


No he's-- Telekinesis, is he's--


I turn to Jester, and I go, look inviting. Look heroic.


Yeah, go there.


It's about 150 feet from the bridge, but it's about 1000 feet down all the way. We could traverse down, somehow, and I think it would be a nice place to go explore.


A ship.


It's got some crazy back matter, too.


Oh, good good good, that's good.


You could just be looking.


Fuck, I'm so bad at this. And then she shoves bacon in her mouth.


Wow, that's your wisdom modifier. Holy cow.


Yep, that's it.


(whispering) Uk'otoa.


Maybe it's got to be a real person. Maybe you have to cast a spell that has to do with the class of magic!


Strong grip.


Different hatch or the same hatch?


It's not your turn!


This seems like a minor miracle.


That's a good question, because I'm a rogue paladin. (sighs) Goddamn it.


I just go in.


Exactly! Craven Edge could be the Sword of Kas.


Ew. I like it.


I do. I have it prepared.


I'm not responsible for what you ate for breakfast.


Well, we can certainly help, lead on.


You're not trying hard enough, damn it!


Keyleth, you wanna trade the book for this stupid vase?


And Vasselheim.


This is good.


But I mean, we wouldn't be able to see them. Would it help with the confusion is what I'm hoping.


31, on top of the six, four and six?


Might as well try!


There's a codeword?


Yeah, it's Xhorhasian, so it's amazing that you know.


He has weak capillaries.


Our Dolan.


I would like to-- I would also like to compete.


Yeah, I'm not comfortable doing that.


It would just get their attention. It would not solve anything.


What do I want to do to prepare?


Maybe you could give some of it back.


Any of them breaking a sweat? Acting weird?


Okay, I made a-- hold on, 18.


I've got to heal myself, unfortunately, because I'm getting down there. So I'm going to Cure Wounds.


How about one squeak is "yes," two squeaks is "no."


But maybe you'll discover that with the Raven Queen. Maybe she'll take you to jobs and you just have to go.


You didn't ask me if I wanted some acid.


Run!


This is a surprise attack? Oh, that's good. Ooh, that's not that good. So that's 17.


Yep, Umbrasyl the Hope and then marriage fucked everything up.


After a certain depth. There's only one way to find out.


Is that a Disguise Self thing?


Grumpy Lillian?


Oh, is it still mountains?


Down by Westruun, in the mountains.


We're all such dicks.


Look at that. Add initiative, which is...


I'm actively tracking these at this point, I would imagine, so I can't be surprised anymore.


It's advantage, so pick the higher.


I'm going to hop on the carpet with you.


So when it comes and gathers its treasure, it stops and talks, or does it just come and take it and leave?


Smells like old money. It's been tucked in that old boob crevice. I want you to swallow the bean.


I always hear things. What if I made a mistake?


Two attacks with my-- right. Attack, attack.


I'm going to shoot my fancy exploding arrow.


I spent a 6th-level spell to keep you alive, man!


Well, technically we just all met, technically.


Poltergeist123. "#Lessthan3."


Ettins. Got a lot of Ettins.


It was a thing, wasn't it?


What does that entail?


There's protein in everything. Everything.


The big squares are ten, yeah.


Still sucks.


Sorry, this thing looks very red to us.


What if you cast something big and they turn it against us? That could suck.


I am trusting that they are.


We get bored pretty easily.


It's a large, curved sword. (laughter)


Dungeons and Dicks.


Is there anyone tracking us pretty closely yet?


Negative, no.


We'll give him a level two.


I get out and I start drying my hair and try to get pretty.


Do you mean rebirth or do you mean reanimate? Let's be honest here.


Can I be like, all right! I want to see if I can do this, like, cool maneuver. I'm going to try to balance on the broom, and then jump off the broom and go Keyteor and go into the--


He is slowly steaming away, right, because it's so hot?


I just mean-- I'm not trying to--


That's a great idea.


I'll live with that. 17.


I got her! I took care of her!


It's still loud?


That Raven Queen, whoo.


And hold-- I still have a bonus action though, right?


Can I try to pick the lock?


I've got that gold rod, by the way. I'm getting the fuck out of here.


I'd like to wind my way up there, as well.


So the man on top has cast a wide net over this city?


Oh, come on, Grog.


I'm going to try, just for shits and giggles, I'm going to activate the ice damage on my sword. I'm going to run up-- where am I? Over there? I'm going to run up, take a swing at that corner--


Must solve happy fun ball.


Okay, so I'm hidden and Grog's next to him, which would normally put me at advantage, but he's got me afraid, which puts me at disadvantage, which means it cancels out and it's one straight roll, right? On the attacks?


And I'm going to start constricting.


Can't we look at what she's built after we fight them?


So this is the opening of-- this is where it was.


Are you gonna be with us the whole time, or are you just getting us there?


Demon blood.


22 points of damage.


Extra damage because it's undead?


It's bad! (laughter)


Oh, because I can't see the board.


I'll give him mine.


You know, if there's anyone from your immediate family that you'd like to give lodging to tonight-- okay, we'll take them all, we'll take them all in. We'll take them all in.


Kidding!


Cooties.


Wait, you guys are blowing on the arcane symbols?


Anyone who wants to stick around, the audience has a ton of questions for you guys. For the audience, it's a sub-only Q and A, so if you're been wondering whether or not you should sub, let me give you some reasons why. Number one, you can ask these guys questions in a little bit. Number two, every 50 subs, we're giving away tabletop promo kits that are like $250 worth of special stuff, and we will ship that internationally, doesn't matter. Even in Antarctica. We want someone in Antarctica to do tabletop day, do you know anyone?


We're going to talk about the book. We're going to ask them if they can destroy it.


A new iPad for no reason?


He slit his throat.


Am I getting in this as well?


If I may.


Mister Belvedere.


Just a little bit. But you wear it really well. Really well. You're classier than I am.


You see? (laughter)


You used to be a 4th or 5th-level cleric, and now we're here!


What are the figures?!


So the Ustaloch is the docks? It's what they called the ward, or it's the lake?


There's currently a giant city walking its way towards another giant city.


You? No!


This is going to be the weirdest fanart.


Can you please braid my chest hair?


We're going to have to fucking wait ten minutes--


Yeah, Professor X.


I reload one last time and I am going to try and hide behind that column right over there.


Important business of state.


Can I do a nature check to see if it's natural, from earthquakes, or if earthbenders have done it? 25.


Listen, I know, I'm sorry. Where's the ones that I really like? There it is. (counting) 19.


Oh, shitballs!


Permanently?


You can get there and draw attention.


I get it. (all laugh)


Ooh! Then one other attack hits.


Did you not feel like you had a purpose when you were with Vox Machina? I'm not judging you in the moment.


Plus 200 for any damages to your ship.


Have you heard about the Den of Drujah. Drujah.


Sorry, D&D Beyond.


Mm, 15!


What the fuck just happened?


I want to keep an eye out for buildings, too.


What? No way.


Oh, I did actually want to see that map.


I'm going to try and keep a lookout.


You want a-- no, nope, I'm not helping. Never mind. Don't want to help.


I'll try-- Should I try to open the box?


Oh wait, I don't do that.


My gods.


Oh, Scanlan! I will make out with that fucking shirt, I swear to god!


Yeah, I go to see Vex real quick.


Is there anything arcane? From all my studies, does anything here ring any bell? I have a photographic memory.


I'm going to go stand over by Grog. I'll talk to you later, never mind.


That does. 24.


I could skip town with you, though. Do you want to skip town?


So he is now enveloped in my dark smoke of death. He's also now at disadvantage on all strength checks.


Papyrus.


Nope. I'm going to cut down this fucking tree.


Oh, that's a lot of dice.


Waking up!


Oh, well, Uncanny Dodge. Right? Evasion is for spell effects--


I show Nott where to take a shit. I wait either for the rest of my friends or for Alice to eventually read the damn thing--


Just do the two next to that one and then we'll go.


Right, listen up. If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size. This barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (giggles), shiny things. But also ale. In his early years, armed with his two handed gray axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this, this terrified little thing. His disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned, and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches. Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house, where you pay for lady favors. Also ale.


Fenthras.


Flurry of Blows.


I'm here.


That was good, but it's disadvantage. That's better. Athletics. It's a straight ten.


Class features.


Just a boulder parchment shears reference. It's simple.


I'm sorry, Travis.


Great! That was fast!


Did you say "porn of order?"


I am, of course, the newly appointed ambassador from Whitestone, and I have been brought down here because apparently you are holding one of my performers. A performer who is meant to be heading towards Whitestone in the next three weeks to perform for my sister.


I know, it's too quiet.


Put the jewel right on his shoulder.


Can I just remind you, for no other reasons than to be helpful to you in the game and no other reason, that the black powder salesman lives here. Just throwing it out there, you might need some supplies.


And here he is again, so I suspect this will happen again?


Can we move fast?


I look like a peasant, I'll stay put.


Did you take your shots?


Oh jesus. I don't know if works like that.


That was a quick fight.


Okay, so he's just like "Fight!" Okay.


Zac matches the construction paper.


There's no rolling against it or anything?


Are you sure you're cool to walk in right now?


You've met with them before, right?


Small, older, gnomish fellow?


We’ve got to figure out where fucking Lord Sutan is, right? We don't have any eyes on that location.


Seeker Asum is?


I can draw you a sketch.


I drop form.


Natural one. (all groan)


I'm having fun! (forced laughter)


I would like to raise.


Wind Walk, you said it was a day's journey, and we can travel faster by Wind Walking.


Okay, I will say that I got my fill. I can feel this one's radiating--


23. Wait, that's a lie, that was a save. 20.


Well, congratulations, you're the cleric now.


Ahh! Ahh! I'm cut, I'm cut! (laughter)


Well, hang on. Maybe before we unstone Kima, we talk about what we should do with the Horn.


All right. Okay. 60-70 feet. First things first, I’m going to cast Wall of Stone, and what I want to do is make it a semi-circle, and wall him in with us.


Fantastic.


This is the first I am hearing of the manacles.


That's just for you, yo.


I'm gonna take the first watch--


But it's not right over the thing?


How deep of a sleeper are you?


Yes, we can. But you can't move after, you can only do your action.


Fast or slow?


Wait, hold on. Is there entry through the roof?


I can't attack, right? That's all I got?


Billy Mays, here, for the Wizard's Academy!


Find a few more?


Yep. As far as I can go.


Thought you couldn't just cast two spells. It was only melee attacks--


I really want to see what you look like as a succubus, personally.


Should we-- Whoa. Should we pick a card?


Come on, Burch!


We can at least start setting up in the meantime.


It's a big tent. It would take a lot of work.


And, I worry about what all of this is doing to us, but at the same time, I have such faith in-- I have such faith in you and Keyleth, and occasionally Grog, and occasionally your brother.


Okay, I'm going to throw one dagger at Briarwood's face.


Sore spot.


The only thing else that we can do before we go to Daxio is to send word to our allies. I think we should grab Kash, send him out a quick list of who we need to contact. Ravenites. Feywild wolves.


Jester, put it on the ground and take ten steps back away from it.


That's 14, 25. 25!


-- if we can it'd be good to put this guy in the ground.


It's a very good skill, you're quite talented. Really.


Everybody back to Chicken Town. Chicken Town! And I click the Boots of Haste, and I start booking back.


I start playing music from my shawm instrument. Which exists.


If people would just learn, oh never mind.


Is Grog within five feet now? Is he right up against her?


While that conversation was happening, I tug Keyleth back and the wings flex out and around in a bit of a shell around us. Quickly. Forever and ever and always. I steal what I assume is my last kiss. Let's go.


I've already brought them into the mansion. I've already handed them off and said: Put them very far downstairs. Hide them.


14. Intelligence. She's smart.


Yep. One or the other.


That's fine. (laughter)


Not quiet?


I'm going to be stocking us up on food too, so that there's more than enough food and water for the whole group.


Do I have a climber's kit?


Didn't you evaporate him with a Sunbeam or something? And then we like killed him in a coffin?


Terrible wingwoman.


We're not going to do that.


Am I aware that he doesn't know-- okay. Am I aware that Sam doesn't actually know how whiskey's made?


Okay, good great. (laughter)


I have--


So was she a Xhorhasian spy and are we all dead in our sleep?


Well. And then there's that thingy. Caleb doesn't know about it, but he will later. And then-- oh! Were you talking about this? It's this box.


Everyone, shut up! Shut up, shut up. If you need to do something, change back, do it.


Do we, as a much taller United Colors of Benetton pack, draw a lot of attention as we walk through?


Peachy-peachy.


I think we need sunny-side up, don't we?


I hate you. And you.


I look back at the boys and I say  Sit the fuck down.


That was definitely irritating.


Yeah, advantage, well, advantage on attack rolls on enemies who haven't taken a turn yet. Any hit on-- is a crit. Any hit on a surprise is a crit.


We love them to death. They love us. They are Critters. In fact, coming up later, you should tune in to the break to see their newest ad. It's made for Critters by a Critter. Backblaze is unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs for just five dollars a month. I actually use it. All my shit's backed up. Tonight, I prepared a word game for all of you to compete. You have to buzz in. You have to give me the answer. I can give you two clues, like two words, and you buzz in and tell me what the words are. Here's a hint. Here's a clue: all the answers are the same. Okay, so like, for instance, if I were to say, the rear part of your chest and what a fire does--


Oh, sorry. Yes. One second. Just, still pressurizing.


4d6! That's cocked.


Now, here's the question. Do we leave them a sign that we're here, or do we hope that they don't notice?


Like ghostbusters.


You're right. We've learned a lesson today.


Asserted yourself, but you were--


Wow, now I can feel the fingers in the back of my head. (all laugh)


All right. Keep up those rhymes. Not bad for a first timer. (laughter)


It, like, changes my whole battle strategy. I'm now literally the point of the spear.


That's eight.


If that thing sees us, though, it could be game over. I still think we should stick to the plan of blinding it.


Let's go scout out the location.


Go around the corner and tell us what you see.


I fucking see Nott fucking ragdolling all over the place. I'll use the rest of my speed to get as close as I can.


There's some dill.


That's so punk rock.


Maybe it's a scarecrow?


Jif.


There's a couple of things.


Plus five is six?


Yeah! I'll take it.


Minus two?


Where do the handlers of those beasts stay around here?


Oh, the ghost.


The rogue is Protto.


Oh yes, of course! Thank you for the rooms.


Whatever that place is called.


I come up and I give her a hug from behind and say: We will never judge you for your blood, dear.


No, I think we need an evening's rest.


Yeah. Open the rocks up. People start attacking the castle; we come from the other side, from within.


Maybe we can blink into it.


You know this place?


Okay! Reckless, great weapon master. Why not? That's 31 minus five, that's 26?


Just stay with it, the first time's the worst. Don't dilute it with any water or anything.


Yeah, Tova, did you have a weapon when you were brought here?


Yeah, I'll get her water. I'll get her a little jug of the firewater. It'll wash out her mouth.


(whisper) Shakäste.


(laughs) Yes.


Guiding Bolt. Okay. Okay, that does hit, that's 19.


The legendary Frank Miller.


I know that we have someone in the chat room-- I'm not sure off the top of my head-- someone bought the entire office shirts.


Grab Fjord and get out of here.


Okay. Drop earth elemental.


That was for the Aladdin earlier. I had to do something in retaliation. We're looking to see if anything--


We're going to translate one page?


Well, you're double lucky.


I don't have a problem with goblins, but you guys aren't in any trouble, are you? No one's after you?


Yeah, you make a good point.


On fire.


Okay. Three, five, eight, 12. 14, 15, 17. 17 plus eight. 25.


So I'm blurry and there's an invisible guy right above me.


I hold my foot over one, is it smaller than mine or is it about the same size?


Does the style indicate anything?


Don't kill it, don't kill it, don't kill it.


I think we win, then, right?


What can't you do?


Shut the fuck up!


Because I know that one.


That's... wait, no, that's 22 plus one point of necrotic damage, so 23.


Should I have shot her? I'm sorry. I should have shot her!


Does it say it?


Like here?


How many suns are there?


It's true, he does need to pee quite frequently.


Should I keep it away from the rest of my stuff?


I'm just looking. I take another potion, because I have one more. And I'm going to look down the hall.


For any and all of your troops, it's definitely suggested.


Yeah, we'll go down to the tree and we'll make it look like no one's ever tunneled down there before.


Yeah, right about there.


No. Yes. What?


No armor. No weapons.


Just trying to be skeptical.


Perhaps any flying carpets that you have lying around?


Forgive us, we have to be a bit wary.


How much is left in there?


Don't think about it. Don't plan. Don't have any thoughts in your head.


What about merpeople? How do they talk to each other?


I would have been bringing them down, right?


Tri-Spire. Pillow Trove. Get Jester's package. Get turnt up. Get some healing potions.


I can throw in money as well, because that was part of my goal.


And am I aware of that the trap? What sets it off, since I got the natural 20?


I'll help Trinket.


First off--


I'm going to take a bonus action to Patient Defense.


I say it's equally-- no, it's fine.


But you saw it.


Who's got a net?


I reach over and I enhance-- what are you probably going to be using, dexterity?


A lot are there.


Is that not what other people are doing?


We have earned your trust, have we not?


That's a big tunnel. I'll part it.


(gulping sounds)


There's six of us and a bear.


There's a bear in it.


It's fine, I don't care. Okay. Well, that's true. Thank you.


Okay. Oh my gosh. Oh. Okay. Oh, praise Sarenrae, there's so much going on. Okay. Remember how Whitestone used to be all dead and awful? Very similar to how the other Ziggurat was dead?


Me and Vax.


Did you?


The Hawkeye? Hot Topic.


Thanks, nostalgic.


But I didn’t tell you that. How many do I roll? Hold on, hold on, hold on.


Oh, yeah. I'm sure.


There were creatures. There appeared to be these things that I've heard of, called gricks. They're like worms with beaks and tentacles.


Right now, so if you want to like, silently on your phone or just ignore it because it's a much bigger venue, so tickets should be available, but we're all going to be in Indianapolis on Saturday night and GenCon to roll some dice with you bitches live. (cheering)


We're Vox Machina, a traveling band of adventurers led by me, Scanlan Shorthalt, and these are my compatriots. We're on a very important mission to get-- what are we doing?


Go Pike!


We'll fix it later.


Oh, what is the attire for the event?


It's happening now. It's real time. Real time! I think.


What distance would you put him at? How far away would you put him? 100 yards?


I lean my head in and say, the goliath could turn your head into paste now, if you like.


What does that even mean? We've already attacked two dragons. There's been no war.


Yeah, Retort's fine.


Isn't that hardcore?


19! That's 17.


All right. Then eff the old original hand. Let's give him a reasonable claw, yeah?


I chill out. I chill out, I can't revert back, though, guys, because I want to stay in this.


Well, I just so happen to have three silver on me. It takes one silver to play?


Mild confusion and panic, but don't-- what?


Natural twenty.


Totally fine.


I didn't realize the audience chose that.


Anyone else feel like going for a swim?


Please don't fuck me!


You said the last one.


What, why?


What should I fucking ask her? I say that in our language, not-- (all laugh)


Oh. Well, then fucking yes, I'll inspire myself. That helps.


He said they hunted remorhaz?


Who taught you the phrase "bag of dicks?"


This is Fjord. I meet him earliest. He's a half-orc and he's growing his teeth back and he's very handsome.


He's every color.


I think we're casting it at the staff.


50,000 gold.


Wow, louder than I thought it would be. Thank you, Nott.


Stupid cube!


It was snowing.


I think that was it.


Well, we know that it'll be coming here for a fight.


I've got my one hit point regenerate, regenerate, regenerate.


I'm trying to duck behind some branches so he doesn't have direct line of sights on me, okay?


Yeah, okay. That's level three, right? Yep, there we are.


Oh, you.


There is a room outside this room where it seems like there was a room for maybe preparing the bowls?


So it's 17. Plus ten. 27.


Nice! Wyrmwood Box.


Hey, Grog. Remember when we almost died because I picked a flower? Just throwing it out there.


Yareth. (group repeats Yalreth in funny voices)


I've gained such power.


I only lost seven gold. That was a lot of fun, you guys. That was a good trick with the messages!


It's not our home, but does that give us the right to shit on everyone else's?


I place my hand on the door and I cast Knock.


I run over to the edge where the cellar was, and I go, (whispering) Grog. Grog!


What would the roll be? Is it perception?


It could be anywhere, to be fair.


It's a different section of the city.


If you, if you go there, take the stone from his sister and you can come right back.


Where did we meet the guards last time?


Why are you ripping this thing?


So I can make it with Pike super fast.


And you can call me Minxie.


Shit. (laughter)


So we're close to Marius LePual. We're also close to the Sluice, maybe? Is that close to here?


Wait! No, not open carry. Open container.


It's Grog. He doesn't give a shit about that.


Somebody asked what each of our favorite thing about playing D&D is. The people. We all do a decent amount of gaming in this group, so this just feels like the most social, friend-oriented-- it just feels real because we're hashing it out together instead of doing this.


Yeah, Percy signed it.


I think he's trying to do the right thing.


Eagle up?


It just keeps going and starts snaking, and there's no traps, though.


I have plus three.


Rage? I look over my shoulder, terrified, at the other one that's scared, and I say, repeat after me, lads. I would like to rage.


It's magical of some sort?


Oh. It's a fast ship?


I'm going to try to sleep. It's going to be really, really hard because I'm so excited, but I really need to get some rest!


I think we want her to do her stupidest. Udire, it would have been a swell adventure with you, maybe next time. Sir, thank you for granting us this aid that we will definitely need in our journey. We also are new to this dragon-slaying business and would love your advice and any information you might have, especially about some specific items. Something called the Vestiges of Divergence?


Nothing shady there!


Do I get to swing?


That's pretty cool, yeah.


I'm trying to find that. I'm not used to magic.


I've been waiting five minutes! (laughter)


I want to go, no, I want to go straight this way. Towards the tree, and drop.


No, but--


Well, I'm a dashing adventurer, and I'm supposed to attract all of the lasses of the kingdom, right?


Can I have your name?


Okay. What am I doing with this sand?


Christ, it's a letter; just fucking write it and send it.


Just a straight-- oh, that's good, that's good. 20 total. No, no, 21 total.


So do you glow brighter the closer we get? What's the deal here?


Yeah, I know.


You look very nice, Tiberius.


You shall lend us the horses, knowing that we shall take very good care of them. We may keep them for as long as we like.


I imagine that would affect her business a little.


Oh, actually--


Yeah, don't worry we took the ax out.


Yeah. That big serpent with all the eyes like in her captain's--


None of us want this.


-- when he should be really spending more quality time with his children, as their youthful lives pass by without their father, precious moments ticking away until one day they're adults, and you're standing at their wedding, thinking, "Oh my god, I missed so much, I missed so very much, and for what? A Loot Crate ad?" Anyway, ride that tube and subscribe today, (shouting) bonzai! (all laugh and cheer)


And kiss him.


That's his cat-octopus. Owl, also owl.


Can we get everything else into the Bag of Colding, besides the roll of hide?


Sure you can.


Hey, I have another question.


This is the same round, right?


We still have the Horn to deal with.


Can you take the normal acid and could we make it magical?


Proficiency or what?


So, anyways. I'm going to go to bed now.


Can I insight check that?


Jesus!


I will hold your hand, don't worry dear.


Fail!


Spring Break 2017, Feywild!


Damn it. Okay, then I guess I will hold my spell Guiding Bolt until I see her.


Yeah, how much is a bottle?


Fix your mic there, Matt.


Get the fuck out. You've done enough. You did enough! Don't do it!


They have a different larynx system.


Okay. Is it halved then, or nothing, for the poison?


(child-like voice) This is the best place ever! Thank you so much for this! It makes me very happy.


Jester's really smart!


I support you too in all of your endeavors, Nott.


Poop on the way up.


Keeper, may I ask for a small request? Could you maybe send a wonderfully worded letter to Uriel and let him know how we saved the day and how much you love us?


That might be a smarter way to go.


Percival, do you have a rope?


You've heard of it as well!


I think we saw both the fast and the slow feeding methods.


Really? I hope that I can meet them. I feel like I need to learn a lot more, you know? So many people treat me-- I ask if I can trust them, they say yes, and then they trick me. Or they use me to do bad things.


Guards. Best to let Scanlan and I take this. (laughter)


How many breasts? Please say three.


What could go wrong?


If you'd conjured a will-o'-wisp, it would have been you in that hole.


I think she's going to back up again.


So, check it out. Wyrmwood Gaming, they got a Kickstarter, they got a website. They're our good buddies.


A fungal fortress?


They're going to start coming down these fricking stairs in this room.


Oh, in that case, instead of going up I'm going to go fly to the right, then.


Do I have that camouflage?


If we go left, it's going to take us back the other way, so that's safe, but we could keep going straight where the light is.


You just double your movement. Okay. So my movement's 30, so I can move in there with him?


A baby should be with its mother.


You also have the mouth you can throw the tar up in there.


Little misunderstanding, they're not all dead. We unseated Kevdak.


Get Trinket away from that wall.


Let’s subdue him and talk to him!


No I can just talk.


Oh I do.


Oh, I believe you're you. I just have to make sure what brought you back. I don't even know if you would know yet. Pike, does he have a heartbeat? Is he undead?


Take it, take it!


Callous, 25 hit points! Already done, right there!


Does his little sachet--


36 for the first.


Oh. Shit, so two people need to be on drag duty.


Well, fine. I don't do that. I spend-- I don't do anything, actually. That's my turn.


Would you say that's about 30 feet to here?


Yes, let's do that, gentlemen. Let's move it. Good work, ladies and gentlemen.


Give it a little taste.


Yeah, on that one.


Is this a pocket of holding? I think about the fancy silverware that I might've seen in Syldor's house.


Unless-- I could try and talk to Dad, too, and see if he has anything that might help with languages, but I don't know. I think we'll be okay. We'll be all right, right?


Nah, we'll be fine.


It's a threshold crest.


Double movement.


Excuse me, may we sit and talk?


Honest statue of a hog. It's an honest statue of a hog.


It falls limp off of his body?


Man! I was going to look at everyone in here!


That's 20 to hit?


We've come to help you.


The warhammer--


Hey, Percy?


Who's on it now?


Maybe it's a matter of respect, Percy.


I take the moonstone from my staff, and I clasp it in my hands, and I say: Sirius, you asked me to be here and to judge them. They are worthy. Give me this boon. Help me save this girl, for true friendship, which I never had until now. Help me save her. Help us all save her. And I place the moonstone down next to her head.


Yes. I sit down next to him on the bed.


A poo, Scanlan.


To the back of his head.


No, I think we're done here, guys.


I don't have Friends, he hasn't taught me that one yet.


Schedulable!


Did you have the mask on?


A lot, huh?


With what Vex is getting to, Percy, is if you could fashion such a thing, or if I could, I'll enchant it.


It's so spooky.


Percival Von Musel Von Lichtenstein de Rolo III.


I guess it's not the same, is it?


You do it all and then add the two.


You're partially elvish.


I don't know how to-- Will you put this in dice jail for me?


Is mine standing against the door?


Don't piss on it, Grog.


Behind him?


We have to go. They're walking us to the chieftain. Can't just walk away now.


That's okay. Six points of fire damage is fine. I'm going to book it towards that fucking altar. That's 30. I can spend an action to go.


6 00am, wake up!


Sorry. It was part of the deal.


Medium well?


We need Brian Foster to come out here and talk for 20 minutes and get the crowd hyped again.


Guys! I've got some talking points here. Go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and enter promo code CriticalRole for ten percent off your subscription, or lootcrate.com/VivaThordak. Enter promo code "Sam reads these ahead of time. Just kidding, that doesn't exist, but that's what happens when I don't read the notes ahead of time." That was very funny, crew! Very funny! The crew got me!


Oh sure. I'm going to sit.


Okay. And then I'm going to stay in but keep an eye on everything that's happening.


Awesome. I'm going to go into a rage and haul ass along this wall.


Would you call it a blue balls feeling?


What's the Wayfarer's Cove?


Wait. If we can convince them that he's broken a law of some sort--


This is profiling.


Fucking dope!


Is it possible to put some basic supplies-- Is the ship already well-supplied for a trip?


(car zoom)


I know, I was just hoping I could pin a stalk or two. All right, the second one, with the burning bow.


Keyleth, do you need help?


Don't you have a lot of fucking weapons in your Bag of Holding?


Yes. And I use Mage Hand to lift the diamond out of the bag and dangle it in front of the dragon. We've brought you this diamond. We've come from the Slayer's Take. We represent the guild and we are here to formally apologize for sending a few of our members here in the past and promise that we never shall again, and as a gift of apology and hopefully brotherhood, we offer you this diamond. There are many more to come.


Yeah, they've got like four hit points. You can take out two of them in one go. If you were, you know, Grog.


Sorry, headphones.


The booby-looking thing.


You mean Dominate him?


(pouring noise)


Adequate.


Me? Oh god. I'm not wasting my shit on them.


Yo, how does it look to the rest of the gang?


Question answered. I'm sorry, I'm standing by Fjord. Question answered!


Ooh, I like that.


Shit, really? Little distance, or?


Been a while.


Did it set off the blood hunter spider sense at all?


Been a while! That's a... 19?


Do not go far from me.


I mean, they're-- they're all right.


If you're too scared to do it, we can go elsewhere. Sorry, I will never say that again.


I'll keep moving as far as I can get around that wall.


You can leap over me.


And the other fisherman person?


Yes, but you were never paying attention.


Or you could just go to their website and buy their products. (all cheer)


We can't find anything that makes a triangle shape, a pyramid shape, in the room?


(sighs) Me neither.


One quick question -


Bolting it, right.


No one bothered to listen to any of my exciting stories about my home. All right, that's a 19.


We taking a trip?


That's a good one.


Yeah, right. I can't tell. (phone beeping)


A little straddle action!


This is great, Pike.


I think it gives you advantage on saving throws. Is this a saving throw?


Not making any movements to move the ship, it's just staying?


So what I want to do is try and loop us all in and go around, Jesus, go around this way.


I have men and women telling me I'm incredible.


I'm going to head to the shinies. I'm going to Misty Step next to-- yeah, there we are.


Is that bubblegum?


It's right here.


I got played. It was a worthless 30 gold, then.


Wait, I have a question! We did a Heroes' Feast last night, right?


He's a little boy!


One, two, three, four, five, six, give me two more.


Oh, that's right, because I'm not doubling it up.


I had one of those last campaign.


I'm gonna use my rogue abilities to walk up to the front door, and knock on it.


Where'd you say the guards came from?


The magical rug.


I've been doing my best not to be thrown by it. It seems like he's been standing up all right.


Sure, well, I'm learning from-- I don't know who, actually. None of us are good at this. Nila, I guess.


Okay, I'm going to try and take shots, then.


I do, too.


Tripling down on the barbarian.


'Cuz you suck.


So we just shaved off five days.


Wow, yes! It looks amazing. You should be proud.


A hundred percent. It's sponsored by Time Warner Cable. It's great. Yeah. Check it, no it's not, that would be awful.


I dive in and follow.


(whining) Can I do athletics? [laughter]


I am going to try and map this in my head, the crazy stuff I'm seeing right now.


I open it. Just a crack, and look in.


I can also part water, like fucking Moses.


Am I going to die?


I'm really impressed. Are you our friend, now?


There's a triangle, seems to be Ioun-based.


Oh, shit, it only grows by the blood.


We're at our best when we're losing.


I'm fucking watching you, you understand?


Safe bet.


Next to Nefertiti.


You guys know that dancing is about spontaneity and you are planning this dance, like when this is going to happen, so hard.


He's walking. She's swimming.


All righty.


What was I at just now?


(whispers) I’m putting it back on my body.


I take my wire and I say  Nott are you on the ground still? Can you meet me at the front gates quietly?


What if he's like one of those creatures that lives on the bottom of the sea, and she's not actually even a person, she's like this light thing that dangles in front of--


So I can't build the whole story up.


They integrated rap, too. It was like--


She can go wherever the fuck she wants.


Oh yeah, I'll use that shit.


That really heals me up, then.


But I'm holding Pike! Can she see?


I was like, "I'll stay."


Yeah, you're in control.


Oh, it's got a little swagger?


You want to do it crying, I know that much.


I yell to Caleb  Modern Literature! Then I run towards these two goblins over here.


Can he move far enough to be on the other side of her?


I don't know if he's actually here yet.


Oh no, it's his condition!


I know, we should check on Grog.


And there's nothing else?


Do we have to go back out through the river to get out of here?


Then Pike did it to me immediately the next round. I love you! (sizzling)


It's tundra, except for my little patch.


Don't worry. If she falls, they kill her.


Vax's wings go (poof).


From the tentacles.


Okay, that's fine. Then I'm just going to unattune my bracers and attune my Boots of Haste that I have on. I'm going to spend the next ten minutes cleaning them up and making them look really pretty.


Can I try and throw it?


Which is still very, very close.


So you could still attack him?


I've got a weird question I'm going to throw out there. Did you pick your sword back up before all this mess happened?


Are they all going to die?


I'm doing better. I'm doing better than I was before this fight started.


Do they look cool?


What? (see-n-spell voice) This is a Formica table, green is its color.


She's a gnome.


I don't know what this emotion thing is. It's weird.


It's overkill.


Do you remember any trees there?


What is that strange orange thing, right here?


Kynan! Kynan.


I'm going to break line of sight behind that wall. Just head up there a little bit. About there. Yeah. Actually, still against the wall though.


Parkour! Oh, that's good! That's a natural 18 plus six.


I'm sorry, what was the question?


Wait, what's going on? What do we see?


Tomorrow at midnight is the deadline.


Are we there?


Blockbuster?


A rakshasa! (laughter)


She booped me on the fucking nose.


I'm walking over just to watch.


He's a high roller.


Another set of ten. Yeah!


I'll give you myself as a slave if you do not draw your next card and skip straight to the third, and that's your number. I get all three.


I figured not, but I thought it was worth asking.


It was so awesome!


Must go faster. Must go faster.


You need your spells. We need to hide. We need to run.


Don't cut yourself!


Just me, the symbol for "vuh" and "mm" in Elven right there.


Let me try and see if--


I'm going to take a large fancy robe and try to tie it up-- to gird it so that it looks okay.


Grapple him, yeah! (all laugh)


I guess I will try to counterspell this one as well.


30 points of damage on the first hit, and two of those are lightning.


Which one of us was shot?! Caduceus has been shot! [laughter]


Bob Babylon?


No, it was 19 sets, I marked down sets. Technically Matt, I'm not telling Bryce this, five of those sets are hyenas. 14 of those are gnolls for sure.


Scooch my boocher. Two, three, four. Okay, so I'm going to cast-- two, four, six-- Glacial Blast (hiss) in the arc to hit all three of them.


We could take a break.


Yeah, can you make me an albino crow?


Do we want to step into the room fully?


Yeah, no, this one won't work. No, this won't work. Sorry.


Facing away from me.


Well, I was just checking.


All right, let's go take a look, then.


Not like that.


Were you having a bad dream?


You're not Sam Riegel.


You want to Inflict Wounds on one of them?


Yeah. I thought you might. Here's my question: have you seen my cousin Zanror? Is he in the city?


Yeah we'll be dropping him off at The Evening Nip.


The water can fly now.


Most of his damage comes from behind.


Okay, yeah, I sheathe him. (laughter)


I think they will probably try to--


You have hair on your spine?


Pass that 26.


This is sharpshooter as well, no deadeye.


Hold on, Tiberius wants to say something.


Once... how many squares? That's a good question. That's 10 feet directly away.


It's just a thought, but I do have the big-ass jug that can make a big thing of portable water.


Oh.


Okay. And prone. That's probably more insulting.


I'm okay. Okay.


She's really, really smart!


Sure, let's do it!


Oh my god. Someone say something cool!


Good work, by the way! That was awesome! I mean, I saw the fire, I don't know what you did.


That's better. 11 points of damage.


So now I've got to unlock it, right?


It might take a bit.


Vex, what do you think, is a semi-precious gemstone skull worth going in and getting?


1,800 each.


Well, the deeds and those things that must be done have not yet been fulfilled. We have just a few last, treacherous events that we must complete before the Chroma Conclave is completely put to rest. One of which has to do with Orcus, and the other with the Nine Hells.


If he does an action, it dissipates the spell. It's not Greater Invisibility, so he goes uninvisible, when he does something.


We'll leave you alive.


He's here in the studio right now, so you might hear crying. If I get up from the table, it's because I'm going to go feed him.


Can I see Scanlan and Bigby's Hand at all? Or is the world just a clusterfuck?


Yeah, once I've got the lodestone, I wanna-- well, I don't have the bag.


Oh no! Our whole party!


I'm actually gonna go ahead and cast Pass Without A Trace.


And that's 13 to hit.


She seems nice.


Hi Frumpy, nice to see you again.


Why are you asking the DM? Don't put ideas in his head.


Too bad we don't have Tiberius with us with his endless water fucking pitcher.


12 versus armor class?


I totally spaced. Oh wow.


Here's what I think, all right? We don't need to whack every problem over the head, and we have something far more important than whatever's in there.


Even so, Percy.


God, well, I think it's one of those things where, if something bad happens, it turns on us.


Yes, revisionist history.


I have four diaries of everything we've been through.


He looks good.


Can I Cutting Words that?


All right, yes!


Oh, 12, sorry.


1d4 plus my wisdom modifier.


That was very awkward, Scanlan, but it's true.


Shall we ask this gentleman some questions? All right. I'm going to remove my hand. Obviously, you're like really cool with the purpose-- perspective of dying, and I'll quicken that if you make a loud noise. Right, like, if you've ever seen, like, Jello mixed with, like apple pudding. That's what I'll do to your head.


I'm not allergic to cats.


It's indestructible.


Samesies.


Well, hang on. Grog can't be far, right?


It is the symbol of Asmodeus, I would have instantly recognized it, at this point.


Damage, oh, damage. Sorry, damage. I rolled the wrong thing. Please don't let it be Pike. Nine.


We leave her the drinking tokens.


Hi! Do you have company?


Do you have a Luck?


I'll lead.


Yeah, we could do that.


Fuck you!


Okay, yes. Please, tell us.


Yeah, something hearty.


It's under a dirty rag.


It would just be great just to see what happens. You never know, Tary, you just never know.


Yes, well, there's another lady named Lady Tyrell, who's...


Come back, little gnome!


God, that's also true.


He guested before we had the show. He came in our game.


Those are bracers--


Yes, we have to talk to--


Is good?


(giggles)


She definitely did.


I'd like to carve the de Rolo crest into her forehead.


There was a Nick Frost giant. He always has Simon Pegg with him. (laughter)


Did you eat that fruit yet?


Okay, let me move around by Beau.


I'll start to head out of the chamber.


Oh, that's fun!


Are there trees nearby? Are there trees nearby?


I think we should be fine. After all, we're leaving, we're not entering.


Bunch of cockroaches when you turn on the light.


(strained) Oh yeah, I've got a-- I can also tie bows in my, Beau's, rope.


First, I just heard Tiberius' voice in my head. So I'm going to test it out and think. Scanlan, can you hear me?


He rolled an eight, so I'm guessing he's pretty scared.


So what'd he say?


Sprigg. You said this place was a prison. Did you mean that?


Okay. Where's the sun?


That was pretty bougie.


I'm going to sneak down into the cargo hold. [laughter]


I run up to Pike. I grab her hand. I say, "I want to have babies with you." (laughter)


Oh my god. So much has changed from what I thought I was going to do.


Some go back, and some--


And I just go  (roaring noise)


No, Sean Connery's talking now. I'm sorry.


It is 16.


Yeah, that's, we tug each other.


Let me rephrase. I would never tell you no to not trying with the people of the group.


By the way, last time Travis did this, I jumped off of a cliff and splatted as a goldfish.


I'm going to cast Detect Magic really quickly.


Look at these cool Wyrmwood cases that we have!


It just hits. You can make a strength check against 20.


Ask him if he knows which direction he went, and if he has a hideout.


That's always a good sign.


Next time. Next time.


What are we making? Dex saves?


Right, I would say I go up next to him and invoke a fabled hero that I heard about in the woods named Macho Man Randy Savage, and I double-tap my elbow and drive it down on top of his head.


It's not good. Let me think.


I thought so, too.


Shut the fuck up, Ashley!


I got my own rowboat.


That's still not information on the monster.


You know, I had not thought of it quite in that way and that is a good point, but I am not convinced. I'm not convinced. And perhaps we're better off-- maybe I was too ambitious.


How far was that tunnel to the surface? We cleared out this side.


We've got Karen--


I hold on to it. Can I peek inside?


That's a seven.


Could they tell it was my illusion right there?


Well, should we go?


We do need to talk to him, actually. Do you mind if we join you? I motion to the waitress. Could we have some more Dusk Sage?


You fly on one and I'll try to get the other one.


I have bigger ideas for a big place, but I can't... But this I can do!


Destroyed it.


Oh, he already went back to the tavern that we're staying at. I was wondering if maybe you could show me around the rest of the town?


Can I let him back out of the locket from there, or--


Lucas Oil Field Stadium.


No, but I'll just buy another one if I run out.


I am going to run over to Pumat's to buy some paper and ink.


The jewels in the containers go in the lead safe.


No, the High-Richter is just an official.


I have a headache. Oof. Rough night, huh?


A Predator bottle opener!


And the stuff they're making is catapults or guns?


I've done dumber shit.


This is Animus.


No, it's permanent.


No, it wasn't all your fault, just mostly.


Thank you for saving me.


For the rest of the arc.


Yeah, how's everybody feeling, by the way? Are we damaged, beat up? We all right?


It would be coiled.


Or as close as I can, as far away as I can see Vax.


Yeah. I can? Okay. I want to try... I want to see what happens if I cast Turn Undead.


Don't worry, Percy. We've got you.


And that's eight hours on Suggestion?


No! I use the last of my movement to lower down behind Kash. (laughter)


Of course. I have just enough for a nice drink.


Yeah. 20.


Can I just do a quick insight to see if he's being entirely honest?


DC ten. A wisdom saving throw-- oh! That's key info. Plus five to DC for each Divine Trammel fused to the target. We've got to be matadors and attach a bunch of pegs to the thing before we deliver the killing blow.


Drop it like it's hot.


I don't want to get rid of it.


You are not--


Pike can heal us, but we can't rest. There's no time for a rest. No time for a Heroes' Feast. I bought those fucking chalices.


Caleb's plan! Let's do it!


What was the arcane magic, the manor?


Thank you. Grog, can we train, please?


I'm the Little Sapphire. I lift up my-- I'm the Little Sapphire.


You don't know what it does.


Because then we'd have to fight them.


I wink at him.


Can I ask a logistical question? How wide and alive are those trees?


Fine wine.


I'm rolling what again? Sorry.


This is some Indiana Jones shit that's happening right now.


It's got Travis's eyes, Laura's eyebrows, and why don't you just feast your eyes?


And then 18 for the second.


Yeah, I should probably--


We can make ourselves look like dragonborn with Seeming?


I'm going to stealth back to the Debt's Respite.


I did build it.


Awesome, I'm going to shoot him.


No, don't hit me. I'll sing more Spice Girls.


Maybe using Keg as a distraction up front--


Oh. Hey, guys, Pelor's not messing around.


Yeah, so the food ain't good, but it's edible and the water's fine.


I don't care about them.


I'm going to pop my wings out and hook my arms under Kiki's armpits.


He threatened my family and I said, "Say something about my sister again," and I slit his throat.


I walk over and scrape the tree.


The first thing I'm going to do, is I'm going to take a Fire Shot to the right to that giant monstrosity and spend a Grit point to try to shoot him in the foot.


What? No. What? What are you talking about?


That does sound terrible.


Beedle-deedle. (laughter)


Stay casual, stay calm, just turn and we're going to slowly start walking back. Just act normal.


The dodecahedron!


We saw the tree.


Did you hear a splash?


I used Plane Shift. I didn't use Transport Via Plants. Yes. Wait. No. I Moved Earth. I can't do it today. It has to be tomorrow. And if that's the case, it's tomorrow, then we lose that two-day grace period. Unless we go right now and sleep overnight in Draconia and start first thing in the morning.


Me? Oh, shit. Okay.


Oh, I think that's lower than my 14. I've got a spell save DC, y'all!


Better than 12.


You're great. I'm going to do a Grasping Vine and see if I can get Taryon out of the kraken's grasp with Grasping Vine.


We're all hurting.


I've played it a little bit at home.


He's doing it!


That's too obvious.


You should have spasmed a couple times on the way here.


The Chroma Conclave sends its regards! (laughter)


Yeah, there's good. Shit, can't cast any spells unless I land. I'm going to have to drop down. Can I perch on one of these stalactites?


Hey Fjord? You know, sometimes you can be nice to people, too. And make them think that they are friends.


Bestseller or used book?


With a flourish.


With Bigby's Hand. I rarely do this.


I hate these rides!


If anything strange happens, make note of it.


But nothing at a distance.


Hmm..


What kind of a dickhead is he?


That's your second luck!


I'm just an EMT; she's the doctor.


Would he be considered a primordial?


The first one hits. That's a 30. And the second one is 17. And he's still surrounded, so the first one is going to sneak attack his ass. Two plus three, nine, ten, 11, 12, 15, 16, 17.


He's back, he's back.


I want to stay standing as well.


Yeah, you're fine.


And you're on that side.


Matt, was that 17 points of damage?


Okay, let's go. Come on.


Bad? Yeah.


What's left? What's--


I know. But I said "Hi, Beaus."


It's fine. It's good that they're up there.


I guess I've been trying to get to know Tary a little bit better. And also flying like Vex-Kite behind the ship.


I'll throw some lightning breath at this person right here.


Going at this. (Matt laughs)


Sig-il.


(singing) And there's a million things he hasn't done.


(eagle sound)


Let me get us out of this. Juuraiel? Do you mind if we speak candidly and dispose of our guises that led us here?


While they decide that, I'm going to pull out my silver thread and I'm going to start winding a 20-foot circle around the fire.


He was wonderful. Renee Zellweger was phenomenal.


The words were uttered.


'Love' is a stronger word. That's why people use 'like'.


We got a very nice anniversary present from Megzilla. From Meg.


But where are we going to get this money you keep talking about?


And who said that words couldn't hurt people?


Fucking horrible!


Can I look over my shoulder at the rogue?


How do we get back to Whitestone?


Those are constitution saving throws?


You find him-- while they were gone, Caleb, holding the huge slash on his chest together, and the coat is ripped, laid down next to Yasha, looking at the ceiling. After a long moment of silence, said: Oh, that's quite a day, ja?


And I'm assuming-- tell me if I'm wrong-- because it's a flash of light that streaks towards the creature, that would give enough light for Caduceus to send something out?


Nothing? Can you describe him? Would it work?


Well, tinkering, to be fair, I don't actually know what tinkering pays because I've never been paid to do it.


All right, this is a good plan. What if we combine plans? Because etherealness can let you glide through your plane, right? It's a glidey thing, but for all things. Right, so can you take the potion, piggy-back on me, we glide together, get the sword--


There is, there are two rest buttons, Liam.


No, Bahamut is the good dragon of the platinum variety?


Yes, me?


Cool. (all laugh)


I lift him up by his armpits. (laughter)


Pike's going to heal us.


And then I'm going to take the end of my bo, jab it right in its throat, see if I can get another one.


A Glyph of Warding?


Grog, be ready to restrain me.


Okay, let's start. Let's get started. (laughs) It is I, your host for the evening, Recession-Friendly Ryan Seacrest. This outfit is what happens when you take 'shrooms before creating a Saint's Row character. (laughter)


Investigation, or is it-- perception is normally what I've done for traps, isn't it?


There was some pub. I don't remember what town I was in, but I do remember the pub because it was actually called the Swinging Chandelier. I don't remember what town it was, though. But it was a great pub. It had the best chandelier.


Yeah, it's not a bad idea.


See what you can do.


Roll damage. Oh yeah. That's double dice, so that's-- 23 points doubled is 46 plus--


Is it dented at all, or just scratched?


We're in stealth, still, or...?


Yeah, anywhere around there, on approach to the house.


Promise?


We're a little on edge, considering family-- I mean, party members-- were abducted.


Should somebody roll for Pike?


We just walked across the whole place. I haven't seen the bathroom once.


I'm not going to--


I'm going to actually try a crude medical examination to see if I can--


Did he take me, no he didn't take me.


But where do we go? If we're outdoors, we're dead.


Get it, son!


Did I use all my movement to get there. All of it?


That's right, Greyspine.


Oh god, will we have to fight a dead thing? Should we get some help? I turn to Caleb's cat and I say go! Go get Caleb! Shoo! (hiss) Go away! (hiss) I can't speak Cat! Go away!


15? 18 is better.


How can we not see him?


Or use an item, use an item.


Shit. Okay.


So I will take damage.


Yeah! I want to use my Hellish Rebuke.


What do you really know about it? How do we know that this thing isn't whispering in Sylas's ear? What do you really know about this thing?


Hello. We come in peace. We mean you no harm. If we've tread into your territory, we will exit immediately, and we apologize for offending you or your gods.


You know, I could, I'm pretty sure.


Upstairs, in the rooms, I assume they have--


Beard check?


Gilmore, I love you too!


Beast mode!


It's not going to be that hard.


Well, she can Greater Restoration her as soon as we walk outside.


Yeah, everyone be mindful of the pit, I point it out to everyone where the pit is so we can go around it.


And if you do, you will never use that wink on me again. It is not for me.


The second-level potion.


But, so, yeah, we've been having some problems and we need some help.


Heal is eight points. What's that do?


That's really foul.


We will totally do that when we know--


It's also water. I honestly am just looking for an excuse to hit the glove. I'm happy to take the damage.


It did want to come home.


No, I am all set.


I try not to have ideas about people, they just get in the way.


Yeah, I'm not going to make my third attack. I don't want to hurt anybody.


What do they do there? I don't know much about the Cobalt Soul. What can you tell me?


Do you have a little cloak as well? A little cape?


Life is more special.


Tary... we would feel it.


Because I'm not quite there, at a thousand feet, but--


Possibly worse.


The City of Brass?


Turn away, look in the corner, Blair Witch style. (laughter)


I could try it, hold on. Nope.


We're not on the floor of the sea? We're above them?


Wait, this is the meeting place of a dark group, right? A shady group? Shouldn't we check this area for anything shady?


Ooh! With coconuts you can make it sound like horses!


Yeah, fuck it, just do it.


Forget the dragons, let's go buy real estate.


I've got a thought. It's dangerous, but I have a thought. You literally walk, march right to the city gates and demand a challenge.


But, you know, I think you and I should sleep down here tonight, actually.


And if we don't like it we can step.


We can also follow the bird.


I just want to be able to sneak better.


Kit Buss, why are you the best?


Right, I mean where Doty is standing right now, if you made a door right there.


I know Common! Oh god. I don't know where to look on D&D Beyond.


Look at this! You guys!


Can I use a shield? No.


Oh, I mean, I have Awakened Mind.


I'm technically an earth elemental still.


If they lock the gates, or start conscripting--


No, but then you have to follow through--


I-- oh, I-- (laughter)


Yeah, I'm going to try to get out of range of him and closer to my peeps.


I come over the earpiece in the calm of battle and I say: if things go terribly wrong, rush to this cluster of trees. I have ways that can get us out. I feel like I should say something inspiring, but I don't have anything, so--


Let's make s'mores after this!


Oh. I'm glad I didn't push you off the cliff! I almost did. Wow, good to know.


What sound do you make when you hit him?


Oh, headphones, darling.


With our proficiency bonus?


It's like a reverse beer bong.


I keep the little bit of pee that's about to fall out from falling out, and I say: I happened to see you amongst the crowd at my recent tussle. It seemed that everyone there seemed to know who you were. I wanted to at least introduce myself.


I know, this has to end.


Is that the one where you call your deity?


Okay. So of the five at the top and the bottom and the middle, it's Abyssal, Abyssal, Dwarven. And I checked those for traps and there aren't any so I'm gonna unlock them, all right. So for the top one.


Guys, put your hands together, put your antlers on your head, for Keyleth. Marisha Ray! (cheering)


Yeah-- Oh I can't. Oh! I'm going to use-- Nope. I've already used a spell. Fucking balls! I'm going to do nothing. I'm going to tremble.


Can I heal her?


And I pull him--


But what will the people do? What will they roll?


(Irish accent) Oh may the road rise up to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face--


What it does is, it allows me to see--keep going, I'll tell you. Go ahead.


No, these two.


Wait, come over here.


They even had my hand-me-down Periapt of Wound Closure.


It can make alcohol and poison, but it can't make an English breakfast? Bullshit.


If you don't want to have an immediate confrontation with your family, there's no particular reason why they have to know you're alive yet at all.


What distributor do you get your wine from? Just curious.


No it's fine!


Mmm. That's an 11.


(burbling)


Really. Lest your brains leak out your ears.


Oh, for a day or two?


Beau is terrible with relationships and social interactions!


Sorry guys, sorry guys. (sighs)


She doesn't actually live here.


If we have to, we will, but--


There's that Owl's Wisdom right there.


How close is it to us?


It's me! It's me! Little, yellow, different! Me!


Actually, because now the mask is facing the back, right? Can I fucking turn it around and put the mask on the front, with the horn sticking out the back like a big Nike swoosh?


Yeah, 34.


Plan? What's that?


Do they just turn to stone?


He's family.


All right. I'm ready to leave. This is going to be a little much, but I think I can do it. I'm ready.


Madonna, Ray of Light? Circa 2002? Jesus!


Okay, whoa. So 14 for the first.


What Sam wrote, he just wrote down 'Reginald's daughter'.


Do they not like you very much?


It's a long story.


I got pretty wasted.


Yeah, we didn't really check to see if they had signed any of them, did they?


Very quickly becoming noticeable, I think.


He could-- I mean, but his feet are a little bit too big, you know.


Or that.


Of course he fucking does.


It's Sam's raison d'être.


Yeah, that's a wisdom save.


Where'd you get that impression? Natural one!


Better not.


And then you can be our friends later.


Where's sleight of hand-- 17!


Consult the helix.


Does the Enlarge give her advantage on saving throws?


Yeah, it's very passive aggressive.


I get the flametongue dagger out. Is your shit on the walls around here? Do you see it in here?


It's the bagpipes, isn't it?


I want to know if-- god, so many options. Is it going to be a good growing season this spring? Crops going to be good? It's going to be a good harvest moon?


I'll say that and go (concussion sound) and throw two more Eldritch Blasts at the one that's remaining.


It needs to be all the time.


I'll take-- I'll go back ten feet. See what happens. He's on his back, so he could probably take a swing at me.


Now available on YouTube, guys.


Two steps!


This is mumblecore.


Say you're sorry.


You are a big-- I recognize you. Wait a second. I won 75 gold pieces at the Crucible when I bet on Kern the Hammer.


Have you any idea where the key to Ioun is?


And also, dear. The communication system that you and Percival and Tary set up. Is it here?


Is it flashing?


Ogre's nest.


A hefty slap.


Yeah, what are they talking about? Okay. I'm holding on for dear life.


Right, yes. We can swing it.


Let's eat it.


They probably saw you!


You have something else to do?


Lot of fucks from the Willingham family.


People will keep watch.


What could go wrong? Big six.


It's not a deception, we really will--


Exactly. Oh, that's pretty good! 21? I rolled a natural 18, 21.


Yes, I have two times now, right? Because I rested?


They tie them up and then gag them.


Oh, shit. Who's down in the crevasse down there?


Feet stomping her chest?


How else will you chronicle Doty's adventures if not with a new chronicler?


It's in the store right now! There's two styles; we got our "Sleeves are Bullshit" shirt-- why don't we have it?


Why would they put trash urns in these weird--


That's where the temple is, in the middle of the cemetery. Actually, technically it's not a cemetery. It's a graveyard.


This is no time for allergies. Fuck!


You have to build him a hand.


If we smoke him out and he cannot breathe, he must leave the facility. And if we go in there we would be at an extreme disadvantage in many ways than we realize.


Cast it at-- fifth is the highest that I have now.


This was some sort of a dungeon.


There's no inside. It's just on top.


Right?!


It's up to you. We can go up there now if you want.


I'm going to run up to Scanlan, and I'm going to cast Cure fucking Wounds with my shit-ass healing at level four. So that's 4d8 plus four.


(as Bane) Oh, hydra!


Is he not looking for something?


Depending on what she does, I'd like to do something next.


Oh, he only knows it by the Zemnian name.


It's a good plan B.


(sighs) Sure.


Let's make a deal. We let you go, you don't let anyone know we're here, and you don't try to kill us.


The murmuring!


It's even harder to spot them now.


Oh. (laughs)


Close to what they're used to.


A deal was made with the locals. We brought the dragon to an appointed kill spot outside of the city. We summoned a creature.


Caleb is not here; he is in the spider.


Immune to or resistant to?


No breaks?


Out the hell-- with the stuff-- yes.


We'll meet you at the pub.


Speaking of shows I produce! (cheering)


(as Caleb) Well, if you were wondering why Taliesin was losing his-- (as Liam) Oh, I'm doing Caleb already. Taliesin was losing his mind the last several weeks while also dying. I quietly lost my mind at nights out in the National Parks, it's because we've been working on this.


I'm wearing one right now in my underpants, which we will be selling next week.


Well, I'm already within range of him.


As the oldest among us, I say that he's fine.


Someone honest is going to have to come and help divvy it up amongst the survivors.


She can't see anything, though.


We've had an interesting 24 hours.


Hi! Smash.


That's mighty good.


Well, moving quickly from city to city-- I don't know.


Just an eight.


Captain... Captain Tusktooth.


Yeah, because you're one of my best friends and I needed to give you a hug.


Okay, then I'm going to shout  Avantika is attacking people on the island! She's trying to upstage the Plank King! Everybody go see now!


Is it water or blood that we're covered in?


Phil.


Fjord, hold that up for me so I can tell you what it is. I will spend the next 10 minutes, with Fjord sitting in front of me and me looking at it and doing the ritual.


Ghosts. Wraiths.


Sweet! So 30 for attack.


Jester and Beau.


So 55 points of damage.


Thanks, Amy.


This’ll be great. Ah! 18 minus... (all laugh)


And you mentioned the Arcane being a stigma upon you?


She splatters her blood on the dark sphere?


Ooh, make a little handle.


Well in the description, DM, you said this gray mote went into Caleb, not into them. Can anyone use this thing?


(impact)


I fasten my Cloak of Displacement.


(gasps) I didn't bleed on it, did I? I move off the rug so I don't bleed on it.


No, I'm saying, what if we lure it into the center of the room and then drop the ceiling on top of it?


We got ambushed!


Oh good. That's my specialty.


You better.


This is Dungeons & Dragons, man!


Oh man. Thank you, guys. That's so sweet.


Just right between the shoulder blades.


I don't necessarily know if-- do you want to bamf, or do you just want to talk? We can probably just talk to him, or maybe we could have him sent for.


Okay. I’ll, uh -


Oh, I thought they were saying this out loud.


Insight check, insight check. Balls.


Vax is pulling up Pike onto her feet and dragging her towards Scanlan, 'cause I know how fucked up he was from the last battle.


Damn it, Matt. Why'd you have to back up?


Unless I can inspire myself.


They're not new, but older d20s


You said she had two side pockets, I think?


Fog machine.


We don't have to, if you really like them.


That's a lot of time.


Let's split up!


While this death is happening, Caleb is Schmidt go like this to the halfling. Caleb's going, "Hey guy, hey hey hey."


I can't. Wait, can I? No, I can't.


I crawl through the door. Can I run to Pike? That's my turn.


For gods' sakes!


I went past a jagged onyx-colored fortress framed in molten rock.


Yes. Do I need to come with you?


His knees are really high in the air!


It's all right. It's just our small group here. No one's watching. You know us.


Don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of.


Okay, that was my action.


Okay. Okay, I'm gonna try.


We're just going to calmly walk into town? I don't know.


Almost perfect. Almost perfect.


Starting to feel less terrible about killing them.


Maybe go to this Open Quay.


Well, I'm fine.


(laughter) Just the eyes cut out.


A fisherman?


Did you get that?!


Okay. I'll do it on the next one. Okay. Seven.


Love you every year together.


Look at the fire. (laughs)


I'll stay where I am. Wow, that worked!


Yeah, I'm just getting a warm-up right now.


And by remember meaning whatever you explain.


I'll do a quick rummage of it. Very quick.


(stammering) The pistols. Do you make those here?


Hashtag bury your shame.


I'm still up.


The big one that I Hunter's Marked.


Around the Tide Peak, do we see the Zolezzo, the guards around it? Or is it not as guarded as other structures are?


Yes, but once we go through the fence, they might. I don't know. All right, you want to sneak in?


It's okay. Next time I know.


I have him hexed.


Two attacks. First one is 13.


It's neither here nor there, but just for clarification, is it Nine, as the number nine--


I just feel like he's an honest man. He's a good guy. He's got a nice twinkle in his eye and I recognize that as a sign of honesty, because I have a similar feature.


Unarmed strike, yeah.


Can we hear your dwarf accent again?


It was a long time ago.


Am I allowed to use my crossbow?


What were you saying, Scanlan?


(strained) No, but that means it's right.


Send him on his merry way.


I'm going into the wound.


Can he take an attack of opportunity physically with me hanging onto his hand and her on the other hand? I'm just along for the ride?


He's within range of my radiant blast now, so I can attack him.


He's giving him a wet willie?


Balls, balls, balls! So I'm going to shoot-- Nope, not going to do that. I'm going to shoot a regular old arrow at him!


Sure. Yeah. How's it been? Whitestone seems so much better. Seems happier. Has morale been up?


I think Percy is a walking contradiction.


No, you look like you with a bandana around your head.


Tell us what you need and we'll get it for you, dear.


Whaat?


Yeah, just around the corner so I can't get hit by a bow. I'm going to advise you do the same eventually.


Make out!


Who could we talk to about special access? I'm sure that there must be somebody in charge.


What a strange feeling.


How awful a person am I?


I made them myself. They've got a bit of a weird flavor, but they're--


Because he can also maybe just cast support stuff for us, right?


Friends.


That's my everything.


I'm going to try to make as many sleep bolts as I can. But the other thing with Keyleth is I would like to enchant a bolt that is a smoke screen, but it consists of holy water. So I use a pour of the day from the canteen and use that as a mist instead of a smoke.


You are a shithole magnet, really, when you think about it. That's fair.


Near-perfect.


Nope. Nope!


Yeah, I want to run over there--


This is gorgeous. Look at the craftsmanship. It's incredible.


Eight plus six plus seven. (counting) 21.


She's got a magical cloak of fuckery.


K-A-J-I?


Animal Shapes takes my concentration, so I can't do that. But you could cast it--


Misses. Three more.


23 points of piercing damage?


Do you feel him?


All right, back around the corner, following around, looking, listening. Everybody the same.


Four hands?


He has to make a, it's strength saving throw.


Don't fuck up the wrinkles, they look so good in the light!


Bronze?


But you also have advantage because it's got Guiding Bolt.


I think actually--


I think that sounds fair.


And I get up on the bow. I mean, on the broom. I sit on my bow, then I realize that I'm--


I will get that in a second. We haven't looked at it.


Every ten minutes? That's useless.


Throw up the Laura emote, if there is one.


Well, yes. Unpublished as of yet, as we all know.


We’re alone, it’s super romantic. I just killed two fuckers! Come on! It’s now or never, baby!


It's all right. I'll see you next match.


Yeah, four. She gets four.


What is this up and down cardiac arrrest game?


To me! (all laugh)


Try that out?


That was great. You killed him.


15 plus something. Minus one. 14.


What if I have you on my shoulders? Like a kid?


Oh, don't say Ioun.


Any good wines? That I would recognize?


I step behind Nott and whisper in her ear, I say that: This was a bold move you made and we wouldn't have made it, we wouldn't have succeeded without you, so I say you earned that gold. But make no mistake, be careful where you put your fingers.


Indeed. What do you recommend in the area?


Oh, until noon.


I pull her even a little further away and turn our backs to the group and--


It doesn't matter who I serve, for I am above him. I am your master now. This is not your realm. Get back into the fire plane. Where you came from.


Oh, yeah. I still actually have it, it occurs to me. I haven't put it down yet.


Here's the thing, last time we fought Vecna, he went higher than 30 feet, he was up where Vax was before he fell.


Don't mind me! (laughter)


No, in the mansion. Can you bamf up anything for him in the mansion?


Is it a valley, or is it like those are cliff sides and we could fall?


(singing) Go ahead and jump.


Thanks, Matt. That was really nice.


A new stealth check?


He was talented.


Not enough to where I can't, you know, sleep, but just, you know.


Well, Trinket, what do you want to be? A lizard? A mouse?


Anything that keeps her occupied for one round, but still.


Wait. How much if we're purchasing them individually?


She's right here. You can meet her if you want to. I told her all about you.


Oh, okay, so ten for Keyleth.


And he may be too strong at that point.


I want the owl!


Are you going to be like Mr. Bates on Downton Abbey afterwards?


Oh god, oh god.


I've tried that too, and it goes horribly.


That's very you. It's very you.


(whispering) I believe in you.


No! Stop! Look at all the powder falling off.


I'll gird it.


I'm guessing that you are bothered by the fact that no matter what you do, you seem to end up destroying more things than you fix.


Wait, as I'm walking back, do I see him at all?


Bring a cushion from home like a regular person.


Yeah, it's really, really tough. I could have done the chains on all of us, and you could have done this, but whatever.


Let's all turn in, shall we?


This is going to affect everyone.


To me it seems like the closer the more intimidating. Right?


I could use a short rest.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on her before she does this.


If we get you in this outfit, will you waddle? That's really the question.


Hey Max, can I get Ashley's iPad?


What's that for?


Let's take a line of the three of us, at least.


That's the one Liam has.


You're going to die live.


I'm going to give it a shot.


I'm going to take a dump in that box, at your house, the first opportunity I get. (all laugh)


It's because you have a hundred of them.


Well, those are so fun, too.


That is accurate.


I'm in that form still. (laughter)


Spike Growth!


But he has 17.


(whispers) What is it?


I'll put it back in the bag.


'Cause I think anything with Truesight can see into the Ethereal Plane, I think.


If you don't fuck, you're going to get fucked.


I don't know if I can do both of those things, but okay.


Is that building made of sharp spikes that if we destroyed the building it would kill the bad guy?


It's not illegal!


A skeletonized dragon. A gold dragon.


Damn straight!


Oh god. 12.


All right. Laina, bring around some meats! Wait, we already ate.


Like we did back at Greyskull.


Evantica?


Tiberius talks about making him light as a feather.


Ask it a question!


Fatty Arbuckle. Can I make my way over to one of them and-- should I just make sure they're dead?


What? What the why? What the why?


Okay, mine was Jim DeAngelo. He's the principal now. I'm sure he's very proud of me.


Wait, who's Ripley? (laughter)


I did. It's a 13. Technically. Yeah. I was going to switch dice, but that's a 13, I'll take that.


Maybe we've been there.


Tavern-keeper doesn't know anything about this.


Scroll it! Because we’re going to--


So Chris, you want to tell them about it?


But I am prone. Okay, so, attack number one. That don't matter. 28?


Oh, these tarot cards? Hold on, let me open it up, since you didn't see enough of it in that amazing commercial.


You're welcome, young Wade.


I'll take it. You said there was lots of shortbows and longbows? Arrows?


It's coming in handy.


Gute nacht.


I can't breathe.


(gags) For the love of-- (gags)


Just toss the nitwit through the door!


There's a rec center, community service--


I would imagine I did this. That's the intention. Up and over.


Please tell me you're not unconscious.


No, Tary, what did we say about lying?


Douchenozzle.


(guttural gibberish) I speak a different language that I still don't think anyone has--


--I'm going to be reading this book.


She critted.


See, as I wrote down, I believe Shayne, Cordell, Jarett, Kendrick, and Nitebe get 100 a month.


No, I wanted to hover like five feet above--


We lived! Episode three! [music]


I'm trying to figure out how this works but--


During that two minutes, I'm going to scan the room. Is there any design or purpose to the layout of the room? Anything that stands out besides books.


