We're very interested to start paying you for your service again, Gilmore, and stop expecting it for free.


That's whiskey. That's supposed to be-- never mind. Go ahead.


A thin layer, where it looks like a lot of gold but it's really just a thin layer of gold over top of rocks.


That blood looked quite black.


You're proficient.


(gasp) I remember!


Before he started, that was Optimus Prime. (laughter)


Those are the arrows, are the ping-pong points that you have to hit and then you get to the island that you--


The man that runs the boards. So Lucas is getting a promotion.


Is he with us?


My favorite kind of pie.


Just peachy. Like.


(fake crying) My sister!


You were that bad? Wow.


I'm going to stay downstairs to see if they try and come in.


Well, I mean look at me. I go into my bag. I do have a disguise kit. Don't I? I think I do. It's so weird to just have things now. Yeah, I have a disguise kit.


Fjord and I will go over.


Well, I was an eagle flying overhead.


There were.


I feel like I would be able to get an attack somewhere in here considering my range if I pulled out my big gun.


Let's see, 1d6 psychic damage, which is an additional one for 15. He makes a wisdom saving throw or he's frightened until the end of the spell.


Kord's strength to you, sir, you've got a little bit right here.


I thought you said you were taking the book to go look at the wherever.


I can assist because I have that, as well.


For which archetype? Spellcasting, Mage Hand? Oh shit, I should've used Mage Hand before!


Yep, I'm on it.


Oh that's better, okay. 23.


Well, it can still kill you.


Little tiny.


Oh lord! We all going to die! We'll tell the crew they can have the evening. They can have the evening, we've just been at sea this whole time, but in the morning, we expect work to continue on The Mistake.


Little hitch in it. DND.


She can manipulate ice.


Something. There's rocks up here that look a little funky and I don't think they actually are rocks.


And you can do all the things that they can do?


Yeah, so I'll use three of the enchanted javelins and the javelin of lightning.


I don't know if we leave the tree.


I've got an idea. I can fix this, Grog, I want you to be a satisfied customer. Let's go downstairs.


It should.


It's been a while, hasn't it?


And it was a dragon.


Greg.


We roll that right now?


Wait, do you pay them or do they just work for you?


I run over and touch a stone.


We talked about it briefly.


It was just sitting there.


Yeah, like, 40 years.


Resistance, so I halve that?


The wailing creature. What color was the curtain the wailing creature hid behind?


You can run away from it.


Oh, everybody does now. Can I do a nature check to see if it looks like natural ocean fog?


#CriticalCostumes. You explained the competition?


Is it like Ghostbusters?


At this point, we should be able to see the things that the very perceptive people saw, which was two faces, eyes with holes in them in the middle--


So here's what we got. We got "gold from 'My-riad' activity?"


No, the bag.


Oh, thank Jesus.


Pike, could you hook a brother up?


Two grooves?


Should I roll for Pike?


(Grog voice) No, Grog doesn't want to Rage! Grog shouts out in Giant, wait! My giant masters were killed by a white dragon, which we think is here. Will you help us fight him?


Let's stop talking, folks. Could you look after Keyleth, please?


Status quo.


Is that what the 'P' stands for?


There's a very short man, right there.


Yeah. Well, hey, after we pass Trostenwald, we'll get a break from that shit for a while.


Oh, thank god. Okay.


Me and you teamed up, and we killed Lady Briarwood by--


You turned our own bakery against us! You!


It's going to start to boil and fizzle into steam, and dissipate.


Well, they told us that they would wait for us before going down and I'm sure that they have done that. [laughter]


My mom.


I Hunter's Mark him anyway, just for future stuff.


You're now a porcupine triceratops.


I have not burped.


Get out.


Okay. I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark.


Oh boy. Something out there. Nope.


(spitting)


And then get the rest of them?


Well, let's wait until we're going into the water plane before we turn into fucking whales.


My. Goodness. Gracious.


Oh, bamf-ing spiders.


Sure we do!


I hand the two letters that we made for Lord Sutan.


Did he heal while he was unconscious?


You're breathing it back out. You're recycling it. It'll get a little less oxygenated.


You fools, open the door. Don't you see she's in a state?


I reach over and I grab the chicken that I'm sure is on the table, and I say, "Vex, pull!"


I don't get Sneak Attack again, but I do get Hunter's Mark.


I had this amazing spell with Pathfinder called Aquasphere, orb, and you can like, capture large creatures. I literally can waterbend a sphere and carry this dude and drop them down, it was amazing, I miss it so much. Continue the story.


As a human woman.


Jester, I have to say, I don't feel any great rush to continue on out of the city until you at least feel that your mother is safe and protected.


And then the Feast?


I know, tell her that I'm here.


(sighs) I'm just going to ignore that. Could you do me a favor, if you really feel so special to me. Could you get Allura for me, maybe? Send Allura to my room.


Misty Step.


Yeah, it's been a while since just the three of us have been in a room together.


I could go.


Kaylie.


Oh, yeah yeah yeah.


Wanna go say hi?


I'm all right with this.


Oh no, that's coming too.


I do what I think--


I am not giving you all that dice! (laughter)


"Cum see us--"


Start there, why not?


Yeah, okay. I peek around the corner a little bit. Just make sure they're all there, and I will Stinking Cloud all of them.


Whoa, that was a big one! (laughter)


She can see the troll? Oh my god, I think it's time for a Guiding Bolt!


Is it undead, or is it a ghost?


I mean, who cares, right?


No, because I wouldn't be able to hear what they are saying or know what they look like. This one said she wants to punch me in the head. I don't want that to happen.


Was there anything in the cart? No, right?


It's going down.


Don't even-- I'm not rolling another character.


It hits. Yeah, I don't have no armor on.


Here. Oh, you have one? I want it right in front of me because I might as well have it crash down on the wolf as well!


Oh, how about you just sit next to me?


I lick the wall.


Oh no, what are we looking up?


135. That's my biggest round. That was 135.


Far target. 15.


She told me!


You call that "without issue?"


Yeah, I'll take the left.


Dragons have truesight. They already know we're here.


Thank you.


Within 60 feet, the gloomstalker emits a terrible, shattering shriek that impacts all hostile creatures. Each must make a DC 16 constitution save or become stunned until the end of their next turn.


Yeah. Is there any hidden door here? Search for a hidden door.


You too. Did you know we just won in the Victory Pit?


To pick her up. Helivac her out!


I didn't want to kill him. Like that wasn't my goal, but I didn't say that out loud.


Ornna, is there anything else that you can think of that could possibly help us? Like why this toad decided to freak out right now? Anything that comes to mind before we go chase after your mess.


Where are these shrines that you are talking about?


Aren't you glad I gave you the armor?


You're actually going to pull that sword out and it will have committed suicide.


You know, Grog and I can be very intimidating. Right, Grog?


Like what? I don't really--


Gluten almonds.


We have to look at the orb at some point too or hexagon. Dexa--


First and foremost, what is the geological makeup of this land around me? This ravine. Cliffside.


It's an incubator. This isn't a coffin. It hatched.


Why were they bringing religious iconography to this thing? What were they trying to do with it?


That's nine already.


She is. I pull out one of my owlbear feathers that I picked up with Zahra and I tuck it behind her ear.


I'm then just going to run and just do a double strike. Well, you know what? I'm going to run in and just grapple him. I'm going to grapple him again.


All right. I take five more steps backward. (laughter)


That was mine. (laughter)


Gently checking for traps as we go up the stairs.


And then, let's do 1d10 plus 1d6. First one takes 17 points of damage plus four psychic.


Yes, bonertown!


How many of you can fly?


What if the Briarwoods are right under the Sun Tree, and we're right above them?


It's for saves, not checks.


Natural 20! 25 off a natural 20!


You're Vex.


No, it's fine, I was, it was, I was impetuous and silly and I don't know sometimes, I get hamhanded around you-- I'm very smooth with everybody else, I don't know what it is.


No, I just thought Hupperdook sounded like a mushroom sort of town.


I have thoughts. I don't know.


Stealthy. With a robot.


Oh, we all do.


Matt, who were you in Fate-0?


As opposed to what?


I'll take number two!


Quick, Caleb, Identify this in ten minutes. I give you the shield to Identify.


Perception check? Oh.


I'm going to fuck this guy up while he's down. I'm going to peek around the corner, going towards you a bit, and seeing everyone there and all this go down, I'm going to Fire Storm the fuck out of this!


Old? (laughs)


Maybe some of the art?


It's not great. Ten.


Don't kill it, don't kill it.


And I take it-- Now, it's hovering above. I'm going to hold it about 25 feet away from me in the air.


Trinket is brown.


Yeah, Pike cast Aid.


Well, I said that we were in a position of disadvantage.


Hopefully not die.


I go to Vex and Pike and go, "Is this a good opportunity for us to break out our formal wear?"


1,500 per trammel? Of platinum. Okay. We're fine. Yeah. Can you get your calculator out? Never mind. I can do this it myself.


So, wait, I have a question. What if all of them are actually cursed, and they're trying to bring you in?


I walk back to the door, because we're all just standing outside the door.


Oh, you know what? Let's go back. You lost me. I'm out. (laughter)


We know where a good fisherman's boat is.


We don't need help.


Dispel Magic, little man!


Well, and can I still move around and do things while I'm trying to revert or is it-- Reverting. Am I just stuck reverting?


I rip its head off with my teeth. (all laugh)


I think it worked!


I think that we've been thinking about this the wrong way. I think that we've been treating this as a battle. And we have to start treating this like a war, which is a very different creature.


I'll shoot again with my bonus action! That's a natural 20. (laughter)


But you said everything's at disadvantage?


There goes ball. Chase ball.


Anything more than a dollar, to be clear. Anything more than a dollar.


Can we do the thing? The Brady Bunch where all of our heads are stacked while we peek around the door.


Did we get it right?


Yes we can, Captain.


That makes me a little sad, on a fundamental level.


A first Impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kinda sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people’s inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


This little glowy rune right here. Look closely.


It's 5d10, and it's heavy!


I think I see Pike's deity in my toenail! (all laugh)


Wisdom check or saving throw?


Do you want to go now?


Well, technically we've already been observable, so there's very little that we can say that he doesn't already know.


Some people are loyal.


Towards the Falafel Pools!


Now I'm going to sit down next to you. How are you?


Let's just get out.


She's got the plan.


Oh, shit. Seven.


You're not going to let me cast another spell, probably.


Wait. You know who we are? How does he know?


Oh no, wait, it's happen-- No, I'm not doing that.


I'm sorry for your loss. Where are your people from?


We just need everybody in the city.


Keyleth is just watching intently, and more importantly watching Grog, making sure he doesn't actually beat him to death. We'll stop this if it gets bad.


He got Uncanny Dodge.


Secrets are fun.


Maybe a version of it that is not collapsible that we can at least mount?


No, she's on the wagon.


Wow. Does it say how long ago I found it? Because that's--


Oh, Caleb should be here right now!


It's my turn. Trinket's in the necklace. I don't know. I don't know what I can do... I think I'll--


The Briarwoods are dead.


So by the way, I got tapped on the shoulder by the Plank King. He's looking for dirt on Avantika.


Is this a fancy room or is this just a more of a--


You've got five?


I think it's, "Do I believe him?" right?


I know; it's awkward.


Health potions were quoted at 70, but he was kind enough to understand that 50 was enough.


Get your Purvan.


Where might that door be?


You're right! She could grow up and run this town.


Is that a talent you picked, is that a feat?


The troll.


I know, but all I have is radiant flame. That doesn't quite-- it's not the same.


I have a feeling that... yeah.


That's pretty amenable.


You don't have time to have this conversation. This is happening right now.


He's catching on.


I like that part. Let's do it.


Whatever you want, darling.


Ahh, dammit.


Because I sort of realized, being a baroness of Whitestone, that I literally owe my fealty and allegiance to... you.


I have a shield of fire resistance.


The ink is good; it will help me in my studies.


I know. I was an animal all week-- all last game. I didn't use any last game.


We'll keep you informed.


Sure, yeah, probably be less than that but three days, sure.


Yeah, he was only big fighting the bulette.


My spell DC is-- It's plus-- Oh, sorry, hold on. Silent Image is-- Come on, D&D Beyond.


Ten visits.


An oasis, yes.


Yeah, I'll insight check that little bastard.


I take my social cues from other people. I'm sorry.


I take a spear that's on the floor, stick it in, and then turn it back.


This is north, towards me?


He's driving the cart.


Ha. Thought I made a point.


And the three that you hire.


I'm trying to do that thing that the Ashari just did.


Whoa-oa-oa.


Well, you could turn into a... no.


I was curious of that too.


Let's take it to an expert, we'll find out later.


(laughs) I would like to, just because these things ate my fucking mind away. Seven.


Filma Kraken.


No! (laughter)


35 is not good enough to hide from him!


I'm sharp. I should always do this.


If I had to do my first kiss over again, I would want all of those things.


Is it too early in the campaign to walk away? And I fucking saunter away.


All tens, come on.


Oh my god, did you guys hear that? He thinks I'm a god. Doucher!


I suppose we'll have to put it off for a day, then.


I'm going to take a look at the other one.


Spiritual Weap!


Yeah. If you're within five feet of him, he doesn't attack.


Yeah, boy. Perce!


All right. How long have you been here?


I figured if we find good fighters once again, and do our tree, our teleport thing--


Sure we can.


Now do I get that opportunity attack?


(Softly) Fuck.


Or how about--


I'll make an arcana check, too.


32 damage.


--stock.


Can I Druidcraft a gust coming out of it?


Yeah. Any creature that can't see the area at the time the spell is cast must make a wisdom check.


That doesn't count! That's cocked!


Right, and I try to have him telepathically tell her.


This was such an amazing experience.


Where did you keep that?


But you felt the roots, it's not an illusion, it's a real tree.


Second attack. 16 for the first one. 16 again total.


So, if four of us are fast water creatures, right? Something that swims quick? What's our diversion? I volunteer as tribute.


Wait! We should heal, you guys. Should we take a short rest and heal up a little bit?


I want to check by the way, Liam, are you imagining the eighties-era X-Men danger room right now too, with like the hoops and the bars.


He is necro, disadvantage on intelligence because fuck that guy and I'm going to hit him with Animus. I'm going to drop a point of grit for advantage.


Can I talk to - hang on, wait.


But they can both see the middle?


I'm going unconscious here, kids.


I can handle a lot of things.


Sir Greyspine. Lord Greyspine? Mr. Greyspine?


It's a thousand feet. To watch, but he can go and come back, and I trust him. He's Frumpkin. I pull out my book and I set it on the deck and I start working on turning my cat into an octopus.


I got a 21.


What do I need to roll?


Where do we take the Horn?


Does he get sneak attack because I'm on the flank with my hand?


I'd be all right with that.


You got very high.


Don't we always.


That's not bad.


24. No. Hang on, wait wait wait. I keep forgetting my insight went up.


What's your medicine?


Okay, well, let's scry it up, then. Who are we calling? Whitestone, Vasselheim, center of Emon?


I'm sorry. Is this what we are going to be about? Huge credit, and get ourselves to be part of the news?


One. (all laugh)


CrazyNexy


I'll cover my ears so I don't know.


Can she take control of the carpet, too?


Wait, wait, wait, this--


I would like for Anastasia to fly to the other side of the room.


Oh, I'm sure you'd take it out in no time, dear.


28 on the third one.


Can you put your thumbs in your pocket and give a little waddle?


You go talk to her. I'll be prepared.


Dexterity!


Don't spoil it for her. We'll find out in an hour or so anyway.


I'm resistant to.


I watched my father sacrifice a lot to get where he was, and I'm not sure if it was fucking worth it. So the Empire doesn't lean favorably in my spectrum. But I also don't care if they really live or die or whatever.


Talk to Gilmore.


Just do it? I'm going to do it at Kevdak and anything that is close to him gets hit. Anything--


That's 19, 26 to hit.


I hold the other side of the rope.


It's a crit.


Yes, basically yes, that's what I did. Technically I did this before I moved.


No, I mean I had a hunch, I had a feeling, deep down inside. I can't say it. If I say it out loud and then if it's not true then I'm an asshole.


Oh. Then I will sing her some inspiration and I'll sing. (singing) Westruun town a dead-end world, east-end boys and Westruun girls, Westruun girls. (laughter)


Does the rod look like crudely made or prettily designed?


She has gills but she keeps her mouth and stuff right?


(gulp) Seven.


No we're not fucking waiting for--


I pull out a torch.


Can I join in the fray?


Oh. Disadvantage, right?


I had myself again.


They go down-- they go down fast, though.


And then I will--


Thank you for recognizing and for being gracious about our previous deal. I appreciate someone who stands up and holds to their word. That's really nice, and that should be rewarded in this world.


Can I just look to see, I want to just meditate and-- what did you just roll? 24?


We got a rebate, 100 gold!


I feel like it would be easier to wreck the operator than try to break the machine.


Well, we could have, if this guy, he would have listened to us, because we are really important people.


Who wants to keep it?


Aww, I want a bath so bad, but it's so late, Molly!


So 31 to hit.


Good sell.


Yep, we were held in these cells.


Okay, I'm going to scooch Vex over, be like, sorry, excuse me! I just want to-- And into the window? And I want to do--


I come wandering up. (laughter)


The ushe.


The Constellation Bridge sounds very pretty.


You got bitch-slapped.


Okay. I used to have a cat. I do not any longer--


You were supposed to save something for me!


He's been raging.


I have a couple vials of poison. Can I dip a few arrows in the poison?


Am I near Caleb? Who am I near?


He's still standing?


Shall we get you cleaned up?


You said strength. I threw it as hard as I could throw it.


Let's see, I actually feel pretty good about where I am.


12 total.


I'd like to keep a few secrets, if you don't mind.


Remember, we're just to show off. You've got more.


I tag along.


You know? I just don't remember where he is--


Caleb and I have a very special relationship. It is that of a parent and a child. But I am the parent. You do understand that, correct? I protect him. He's my boy, and I keep him safe. I want him to thrive and get better and better, and more powerful and stronger. Because he can achieve great things. When I found him, he was nothing. He was a scared little boy in the corner of a jail cell. As we have gotten more comfortable, he has gotten more comfortable and come out of his shell. It's my job to protect him, because I love him, and I am his protector. Not because he protects me.


The golden snitch.


Let's see what she sent us, okay? I open the little package.


Yeah, what is it? Give her mushrooms.


Ah, you're a cyclops! Kill her!


Oh my! Yes? (giggles)


I don't even need an articulated gauntlet. It just needs to be a clamp.


Not to insult self-published things, but it's legit. There is a sparkle on my dress. That is a very high-class sparkle.


I'll just-- Don't, don't-- I'll just do it!


It's easier to do that.


The bigger question is how does she find it.


So I cast Greater Restoration on Kima.


--or a cloak. He didn't have any of that stuff.


Aww!


All right, so I gotta stop and clean.


Wandering. Yes.


Is it dying?


Did I have it? Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Ask about the Bastion of Flesh--


Because that's crazy.


Either that, or that guard we left alive that one time ran into Grog and sounded the alarm. It was probably Vecna.


Oh, already? Why'd you roll? He didn't even tell you.


Plus, 200 gold is a lot of money. That's more than I pretty much have right now.


We're not going to die, we're doing great.


What did we name the profiteroles again?


All right. So. I'm going to Guiding Bolt him again.


I'm clanging down.


Can I use my action to message them saying, "There's two or three figures behind the cart!" and then I'll hide?


NECromancy.


For Bryce too. They're coming.


(excited gasp) I was not expecting that.


I can mist form us, and then we can get there in how many hours?


The classic handcuff wrist twist.


Little Beau.


I'm sorry. I don't even know what to say.


So that's it? Your purpose is to make sure that the rest of us find long, happy lives at the cost of your own?


It was going to be pretty cool.


We're doing something. We're going to fuck around.


Yeah, if they save.


I cough very hard into my hands and cast Message to him and briefly, quietly say: I think that woman is going to try to kill you, I really do.


Oh, that's right. He can't attack anything within his own cone.


You just give us all diabetes, that's great.


Because you want to slow cook that stuff to be really good. It's true.


Good cavern.


I'll cherish it always.


And that leaves Percy and Grog and I on the flying carpet. Can it hold our weight? Let's give it a little test?


Do they talk about anything like the children that we saved? The effect of angelic, angelic, why those little angel children--


Okay, and when they come in the room--


Don't worry, everyone will judge you when you take it out and use it for the first time.


(singsong) Here we go, we need some money. Let's see how much I have. I have five gold to put in his hand?


Oh shit! Well, it was a big journal.


All right. I run over to Keyleth.


The LEDs change colors.


Beau needs to stop looking out for things.


Yeah! That's fortuitous.


Then I get to come.


You want to get right there, right?


You did. You've grown.


See this, Matt?


I'm going to sneak up on this duergar.


We gotta go that way.


Might as well. Get the dice rolling.


I think it's just stealth checks with the blessing.


Well that's pretty clear.


That's where I figured she'd be.


In a row, doing the same move.


I Blessed myself.


I mean, the Menagerie Coast is really cool.


I love Seattle.


I'm going to take Bad News and I'm going to sit and take a nice calm breath, and I'm going to squeeze off a shot and knock him on his ass, so this is a trick shot, leg hit.


Like, our backyard fence.


It's got plenty of people around, so that means I can Sneak Attack him.


One scotch to bind them all together.


It's true. Stink-ouflage.


Because he's a terrible person, that's why he's taking a picture.


Which, by the way, I want to talk to you guys. Here's the thing; this spell that I have takes diamonds, in order to bring you back to life. I don't have enough gold to buy all these diamonds for everybody, so--


And I'm not that strong.


Some mead, not meat.


I can't get to him. I'll run up to the dead earthworm and try and cut Vax out of his stupid stomach. With Craven Edge.


What happens when you shoot a couple arrows from up there?


Oh, I like Freddie Mercury.


Clarota. The mind hive that you possess, how close can one be before it actually affects? Say 100 feet, caught my friend in mid air, alas, in their run-in. Is its range about--?


Yeah, because he can heal!


How about Kima and Clarota? Clarota should go with us.


I can get there.


The twins are dark right now.


Fuck that guy.


Oh, I'm not going to waste Luck on that. That's a one. I have no idea what's going in this fucking place.


They don't?


Let me top up a bit on what I need.


I knew it. I knew he was going to do that.


Hm. I turn to Vax, grappled, and I say Lodestone!, and I point with the best direction that I can with my remaining--


63, thank you.


Don't be jealous.


Can anyone identify things in our group?


Keyleth finds some black dirt on the ground and gives a war paint.


As I walk towards them, I want to throw up a Skywrite, once again. The de Rolo crest, just alerting people.


Wisdom save, second level.


Trinket's going--


Sorry, I meant so we blend into the ice, not so that we're white. That sounded so terrible. I meant so that we're the same color as the ice and we're camouflaged! Like chameleons.


Right. I understand that.


Then why do we need him as our in?


Scanlan, not now!


Are you unconscious?


Okay!


I can scry there regardless and find a tree, yes.


I don't. I don't understand.


We're working out the ingredients.


It struck a chord. It mirrors a lot of what we've seen since we've been here. Do you meet very often? I'd love to come back.


Second attack is 32. Third attack is 27.


A Hans and Franz.


Ooh, so much better then mine.


Sure. We did some casing of the High-Richter ourselves. She's not the most savory type. I believe some of my associates have a question of, well, the unsavory topic of payment.


We're by that lake with the giant monster.


We have a mansion! You built a Trinket room.


It's very fascinating, though.


I am a master debater.


Trinket's here? (laughter)


And he's wearing little circle glasses.


Subappendix  Westruun.


Yeah, but you did that dynamic jump, it was really cool.


That's not-- That's the next episode.


Yeah. But sometimes you need batting gloves.


Yes, we should. Maybe get a drink there?


I would ask one other thing, if I am to do this for you.


Right. That's a d12. 21 and two additional d12s?


I don't get to roll?!


We'll figure something out. I grew up here. I'm used to it.


I think you were the only one who got the shitty end of that deal.


Yeah, but it seems like I went around the world and back!


Douchenozzle, that's right! That's what it was. Sorry, I'm just learning it.


These are such bad stealth checks.


I just want the beads. Little beads and little braids. No jewels. What about you?


Ew.


Can your mage hand lift you up?


Is that-- fuck. Was that all right? Fuck.


That'll do. 20.


Trying to get through, yeah.


Grog, please, there is food.


I reach for the flask. Fuck! (laughter)


Totally have a plan.


I'll meet you in the middle!


I'm not allowed to call them that anymore.


Wait, which is the main chamber that you just--


Yeah, that was a long one.


No social graces. Let's do this.


I know, we go straight into the city.


Is there any deceased that need to be tended to?


I've left a few times, I suppose. It's been a while. I've been on my own for a while. It makes you get a little rambly.


No, Caleb, no!


Well, you know what? I am a very big supporter of small businesses, so support small business, and I will give you 120 gold.


I don't want that door to fucking open all of a sudden.


Tired as I feel. Do you have a moment?


All right. Think hard about this.


Oh, cheer up, Vax. She'll be back soon. I've never seen you quite so down.


You run into your friends who are also heading in odd directions.


Oh, that guy, right? Lives in the palace guy?


Oh yeah!


We're on the carpet.


Yes. Ooh, la la la.


What's adequate food?


Do it. You said you wanted to do it, just do it.


Oh, is everything open?


There's more on the outside there? Is that what you're putting there?


This is insane. Oh my god.


No, well, we can omit that part, that's okay. (laughter)


So, I don't know, we could roshambo for it? What does the group think?


You lose an inspiration die. (all laugh)


Ukurat?


How were the dragonborn about us taking some of their--


Does not. The battle is won.


Make a smell check.


A one?!


What, no! It's good jerky!


Yes, it's me, Vax. What do you need? It's me.


I do have a request on our way out.


Don't write that down!


Oh, I'll use my bonus action to cast Hexblade's Curse on that Enforcer. With the hope that he will soon be dead.


Could you do the whole group?


I thought you left.


And I notice this, I go  Oh. Oh, Grog. And I use a little bit more of Dust of Illusion. I wipe it. Smear it on there.


Why is that bad? Why was that angry?


She probably is.


I imagine you saying all that as you touch the tree.


I'm going to shift my Hex to the tiny little (Irish accent) fucker. God, you've got me doing it now. Damn it. It's a plague.


It's still your birthday! (cheering)


Yeah, we need to get him settled in, make sure he's all right.


I'll cock again and fire again! And it's even more! 20-something to hit.


Didn't think so. We should leave.


I don't think you're in.


The eater of balls.


Oh, it's something.


You guys have incredible fans. This whole week leading up to this on Twitter and everything, you guys have amazing fans.


Ten. Willing creatures.


Chapter One  The rites of banishment are ancient and powerful. They cannot be stopped by anyone, not even a god. I read. I read powerfully and strong.


Why?! What're you doing?


You know what we could do--


It's not weakened. We're going to - We have to crack it.


I think we need to go to Vasselheim or Whitestone.


Smells of urine inside, it's very weird.


Mountain flowers.


How long have you worked with Sir Stonefell?


So, we should make sure after we kill this big guy not to kill anyone else that comes for us?


We'll sing about songs of his memory.


I thought Vax was up before me.


A horse and a carriage. I'm assuming it can't fit all of us.


No, we're in the middle. We're Assassin's Creeding it.


When you come back, remember it's ten feet from where--


No fear, we won't be too much longer. We're going to head back to Zadash after we take care of some other business. And we'll be sure to check in. Word will find its way to you soon.


Yeah, well, don't tell anybody but I'm super fucking rich. Only because I have to check with my national treasury, how much is it?


I don't know what I was going to say.


I know, I know! I'm an idiot!


Yes. A crate full of boxes. Box Crate, our best sponsor. Inside the boxes are tinier boxes.


We saw blood when we woke up. Was that yours or theirs?


I know-- I thought-- You know, I think-- I don't know.


This is why I don't miss the circus.


Ten damage. Radiant damage.


I feel like we weren't going to discuss that. I felt that that was in the past.


A favor for a favor. (giggles)


I can't put him in the necklace! He won't go in the necklace! I tried before. He doesn't go.


All right, I'm going to attack him, twice. The second time with a--


That is wicked.


Does Cassandra have any--


Within 30 feet.


I remember him jumping into the trees!


(singing) 25,000 gold in my hands right now. Thank you so much. This won't make up for the lost lives we have suffered, but-- (choking up) It helps.


I mean, I'm not going to say no to the gold.


We have two of its eyes.


Oh, that’s how it works.


Me? Can I run all the way up and try and pull a Vax, like he did?


Look, I took the form of one of your own. Pretty much to get your attention. We need your help. We want to defeat the one who's taken control over your mind. We are the ones who disabled the crystal to begin with. Please come on this-- With me. We can go much faster. Up here, please!


I mean, we didn't have to go up the damn thing, so maybe check yourself before you say things.


How many people?


Yeah, yeah, we'll find somebody good. Super, super good.


Oh yeah, our kitty shirts.


Go get him, Grog!


Lot of problems, lot of drinking, lot of fighting. Ran out of shit.


Until Grog steps in.


I would like to use Frumpkin to do a once-around from above to see if any of those beasts are on the horizon anywhere for us to kill, and also if there are any survivors or anything here.


Or we'll all drown.


Yeah, come on, Scanlan!


Yeah. How did Jester do? No offense, but she seems like she's a little bit more willfully stronger than you are.


That plan is growing on me.


And then this weekend, Nerdist is running a 24-hour livestream for Extra Life. You guys may recognize some of the faces that stop by. They are going to be streaming from our set. So, let's welcome them. We'll be hosting it, but I encourage you guys all to head over to Nerdist, twitch.tv/nerdist. This weekend it'll be Saturday from 9AM to 9PM Pacific Standard Time. I will be there the whole time helping out, as well as some of our other Geek and Sundry hosts. So you guys should check that out and help them be part of our team, raising money for Extra Life. And Matt, I wanted to thank you for helping us make Battle of the Bands a success last week. We all know that the voting was rigged and that's why your team won, but it was a valiant effort nonetheless. And if you guys enjoyed that, you should tweet at Geek and Sundry's twitter and let them know, and we will try to do things like that for you more in the future. That's pretty much all I have. Let's get to 10k and get this stupid stuff off my face.


So we're going to be switching out artists as we go through different story arcs, and Wendy's our first one.


(singing) I know just what you're saying!


Should we wrap it at all?


Just the basic features of the area.


Yeah, everyone's done their thing.


Well, this is interesting.


I like that. We're giving them-- authority. Got the upper hand. Okay.


So there was a few regulars, yeah?


One's just fat and never moves.


But should we cave in this fucking tunnel so that they can't come back through?


We're right over the camp, aren't we?


There ain't nobody left to rescue, man.


Preach.


As he does that, I look to Vax and go, hey, I have an idea. So the book we have, right?


It's fine. I can't tell the difference.


I take the little bit of Dust of Tracelessness that we had taken from Grog and I try to sprinkle it on our tracks as we go and cover up our tracks.


I just really like it here!


So, if you find the guy singing a very poor rendition of Stand by Me to Donald Trump, please send it to Wil Wheaton, he'll love it! Favorite thing in the world!


So I’ll hold until Keyleth goes, and I won’t move. I’ll stay there, because she’s right beside -


Not going to touch that one.


Tell us everything!


I just feel like if it's so terrible, why does she want it for herself?


Okay. Can I take another second and think about fiends? No, fey.


You need a tattoo.


Oh yeah, Allura. Can we light your sage real quick, make sure everybody's on the up and up?


Long enough for the body to decompose.


It's down here! It's rats, we're not using that shit. (laughter)


Am I assisting?


No, I perceive nothing.


I'm going to try and get Frumpkin's attention. "Tell Caleb to watch out for Ulog."


Boulder-parchment-shears!


You have that!


You'll get there.


Passive sports marketing campaign  check!


Okay, good. I'm going to tell you if someone asks what your name is, you say, "I am Kiri."


Roll again.


Caduceus Clay. Pleasure.


All right, sure.


Well, while they fly up, is it enough time for the people staying in the house to heal a bit?


Oh wow, Wednesday?


Fucked up.


I mean a clockwork foot from Percy does sound cool.


I can't see anything, can I? Never mind.


It's a three.


This time, I make us all blue.


The good stuff is down here.


Is the Queen-- I'm sorry-- are the Queen and Baator the same?


Yeah, do we know what this is?


Yeah, but... I thought-- I don't know.


Good nose action.


Me and Molly were closer to it.


There's an omnipresent iron tower that's watching.


This is really fucking-- She better send money, because this is eating into it.


Yeah, but there's a difference between "quirky" weird and "Oh, I think this person's life force is being siphoned away from them" weird.


I've never seen you blush before.


But you owe--


I'm not good at many things.


Are there stories of anybody defeating a rakshasa before?


I do have information to share with you.


Also, have your unseen servant make a bunch of noise and have them all--


Lydia?


We're moving through the foyer.


His touch has been felt in the north.


I'm still going to hang out by the rocks, and I can go at least 60 feet in front of me, but I'll do 50 feet.


You look bored out of your mind.


That is the point. [cheering]


The pillars are magic?


You're going to take a dive.


Right. Learning these combat abilities, it's weird. Okay. I'm going to be like: Ugh, die! I'm going to do a big roundhouse kick to his head.


I'll take the middle.


He's a big goliath, so if he's here, you should just, you know--


24 still hits.


No, that's the right pronunciation.


Strength, that's pretty cool, though. 22.


Oh, that's right, I guess we don't need him to testify--


Oh no, this is terrible.


No, no, no, don't say wait! Go on.


Go to the pond.


(groans) So I can't do anything else?


It's Arkhan.


Also, do I see anything glowing on Jamedi?


Hi, Pike. Sorry.


I want to drop down. I'm going to take a look at that, yeah.


Has anyone permanently died at any point?


But a lot of things can squish us like bugs. I don't know, this is complicated. Let's just keep going. I'm going to keep an eye out while we're walking, for anything that resembles the Sun Tree.


We did check them.


Can you try?


Or she's not.


After we finished speaking, we realized we weren't aware of where Lord Sutan resided.


Maybe you can be--


I'll take it. That's 20 for me.


Trinket's attack was 24.


I will make one too, but I'm not going to count it.


It's more of a poo walkie-talkie.


It's a step up for me.


Well, the mansion could be good if things go terribly wrong.


Oh, I could do those too. Can I help her with that?


Just fill it out. This is my bubble now.


Wait, plus two! That makes it five.


I know. No.


Hold your hands up, brother, we're holding your hands.


Percy, if you die, though, doesn't this mean that you forfeit your soul here--?


Yes, what's his or her name?


I'm going to attempt to attach the skin to the bottom of the carpet.


Cool. Good game. Good game, bro.


I put my hand up in the air.


Okay. How close am I to Sylas?


You've got enough juice to get us to Whitestone right now?


Corpse called it a small one, right?


Oh god, this isn't helping with the hangover.


Tary, you've never been quite so obsessed with your dick before.


Freeze frame!


Come on, Percy!


Looks fucking awesome! The writing is awesome! The art is awesome!


Unless you want to stay in hell.


No. I was making sure she wasn't a zombie. I thought she might be.


Minus one.


Ugh! fine perfumes assault your nose --


And not even slightly dead!


Time to cross the streams.


We'll put two in the front, two in the back, and put these three in the--


Took some damage. Little bit. But I'm prone.


If you break it and consume its contents, you will be granted immense power.


I think I fail it. Oh no. 16, fail.


Can I pause you for one second, Matt?


If we do that, we might need to ask Tiffany if she knows the location of the tree because it hasn't been brought up as of yet.


And this is Caduceus.


Am I not good enough to hold your attention? Yeah, that finishes my turn.


Can we eat these skeletons, because that breakfast is still blowing.


It's really a hazard. They should have had more exits.


(strained) Yeah, you are!


Now he has seven people attacking him.


So all the bodies that were hanging under Whitestone, right, they were all stapled to the walls? Was that the army? Was she trying to fill them with necromantic energy?


Well, I mean, sometimes we can help people who are on the edge of death. We certainly understand that most people would rather spend their time alive than not, and that makes sense. I certainly have no interest in shortening my life any time soon.


You look like shit!


Yeah, I'm sure it doesn't smell bad.


This is what a d10 is for. Hold on, one second.


Yeah, clever girl! (laughter)


I don't know what that is.


Yeah. What did we find?


(chuckles) Of course. I just need to know that one's happening. So it's tricky, is what I'm saying.


If you drop below zero, you come back to one.


You know what, though? The beholder will just take control of the giant.


Grog, but you don't look like Grog.


There is a tiny burning fire there now.


How much-- if it's not too presumptuous, how much do you have left to work off?


(yelling) Shut the fuck up!


Just a picture.


I'll make the mansion behind a rock outcropping. Kima, I need your help to make sure I'm not spotted while I do this ritual.


We'll check, obviously, for air currents.


Kern?


Are there people in them?


Well, then I'm giving him a big fucking hug!


My regards to your family.


Wow, Ashley!


Fjord, say something!


Kama Sutra's sexy position.


Ooh, I rolled a 19!


Okay. I should be able to see, then, if there's dim light. Up to 60 feet.


We should probably protect the captain.


Like a two-day report.


And your father.


Not a lot. They were low.


Well, we can't be sure.


Well, everybody's got to grow up at some point.


Yes! You do! Come on! Guys, okay, I'll be reading stage direction, Taliesin is playing Junior, Marisha is playing Mama, Liam is Pa, Laura is playing Sam Riegel. And Travis and Laura are-- Travis and Ashley are the radio sound effects duo. Let's see how this goes. August, 1929, the Badlands, South Dakota. Lights up on the McCallister Farm. Mama, a sturdy, country woman, comes in from the windy, dusty farm and slams the door. Sound effects!


But it's beautiful.


I shout out from the crowd, Scanlan! Pike is here! She's astral-projected in!


When we get there after our run, I chuck up a little salsa into the back of my throat and swallow it down.


Well then, why wouldn't you want a nice little nip of something?


The one on the roof?


You'll be okay. I've got you.


Yeah. All right. Sneaky-sneaky.


There's probably no direct danger leaving these things untouched for now. I think we've found a way down there, at the very least.


What was it? Metal against metal?


Keyleth, where have you been?


It was great. We had a great PG night.


And how do you want to play this? Because your pops wants you back, obviously.


That is a total of 12.


No, we were around for it.


Roll good!


Ten, 16, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 50.


All right, we grab him, drag him back in.


If we can hit them, they're probably squishy.


But-- So, when I was researching the Raven Queen--


Yeah, I know he hovers and flies, but.


(laughs) "Ooh."


What's the matter, Pike?


Oh, no hands?


Yay! Thank you.


All right, here's what we're doing. We got this whole writ thing from the Lawmaster. We're going to go down, kill the monster that's been tormenting you guys. Heard you lost a few guards. Heard any rumors? Do you know anything, before we go down there and maybe die?


Can I look at one of your books?


No one at the moment.


Does it have a small creature in it?


I think Hallucinatory Terrain lasts an hour, if I think about it. Books, books, where's my book?


We're starting something.


That's double digits!


All the goo.


I love imagining Beau in the outfit that she's in.


Is there a grille on that door? Any kind of--


Wait, wait, wait. Let's just find out where she is first.


How was the bowl used in the ritual?


Did it involve fart sounds? Offensive stereotypes? Cursing? Violence? Inappropriate uses of pickles and/or cucumbers?


They were nice people anyway. All right.


Where's the opening?


Oh, for the love of fucking--


Yeah, we're moving very slowly, not disturbing the air.


So you took matters into your own hands?


With a holy arrow. At him again.


I don't need it, I have incredible warrior skills.


You are just delightful. (all laugh)


Where's that?


I'm just wondering what your deal is.


We're really doing this?


I have about three and a half to four weeks. And then I'll be home for a long time.


It's made of skulls.


I don't think it was more than a few days. I don't recall exactly. Do I recall exactly?


19 and 18. Natural. And then, okay.


Aw, she's a good lady.


I need a drink, have you had one already?


It's on.


It's a skill check? Damn it. Okay.


Popcorn.


What do our elven eyes see? Can we see the smoke?


Hey Beau!


He's going to murder us all, very shortly.


Here's a weird question  what saving throw do they have to make to speak the truth?


He's on his way, yeah.


I-- Yeah.


The sword seems to want power and strength. I don't know if it will help, but maybe if we gave Grog some extra strength it might help him to come back, so. I have a Potion of Fire Giant Strength.


(claps)


I can declare a bramble-shot like you did. Whoa. Target takes an additional 4d8 piercing damage, plus they have to make a strength saving throw or be restrained.


You get your ass out of this forest!


I'm assuming that was my action?


Colored glass?


If a wrath of a dark god is on its way, they should probably prepare themselves.


Try it.


Well, you know, I'll tell you something. If you want to have a laugh, let's have me do some physical sports, so that should be pretty good.


Oh, let me untie you. I'll cut out-- cut off her hands.


That's true, diamonds are really strong.


Yeah, double the first, right. Which was ten, so 20, so 42.


How long does Invisibility last?


I stole a gun in the last town we were in. I stole a gun, I have a gun!


I'm going to-- at third. Let me see this.


No, they're zombies. They're undead.


No, it's not a motion sensor. They see it.


I'm going to the lighthouse, I said.


Max did really good at getting through that, by the way.


He thinks I'm going to go into the water for some fucking buttons.


How many stones do you weigh?


Yes, why?


What the fuck, Grog, you just tried to kill me!


An antimagic missile.


Aw. That's cool.


I'm just going to hold on to that.


I'm gonna get you for this.


(deadpan) Gustav, it's no use, we've been found out. Our terrible plot to make a zombie rampage through our carnival has been discovered. Whatever will we do now that we've been discovered for our brilliant plot to make a zombie ruin our circus. My god.


Yeah, I need your help. We need your help! I'm kind of his messenger, I was supposed to find some--


Well, a couple things, one, this is a compass.


Everybody else  come now, come now, come now.


(posh accent) Oh fucking shit. (all laugh)


He fucking hates cinnamon!


Oh, you're still here.


I'm going to help! I'm going to help you.


(sighs) I am Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III.


Bye, Prime.


I'm going to try to sidestep this lock with my lock-picking skills.


I still think there's something creepy about this lake, man.


Wow, Matt. Wow, Darin!


It's the best.


Okay okay okay okay okay.


Okay, d4 plus five. That's nothing. Actually, wait. Can I just take a potion as a bonus action?


Not yet, not just yet.


Is it just tobacco? We really don't actually know.


You look like a really good pirate.


If you replace Ashley with Liam, it's true.


Scanlan, do you want to grab that big...


Up early in the morning?


I know, mine. Who knew?


Can we ship Grog and Vex?


These tools are so much better than mine.


Doors of fucking Whitestone! Oh god.


On the first one, you Slow the second one. We attack, we win. Still winning is part of this plan. I just want to make sure that that's clear.


Need some help in there?


I don't know, I've been drinking a lot.


I have three of them.


First one's a 30.


Yes, but that's in Westruun.


And bring people back!


I want them now. I don't trust you as far as I can throw you. I want you to-- just keep holding me up, guys. I want you to put them on my feet now.


Maybe he's got beef with somebody in the city and we'll go out and jack 'em up if he'll tell us where--


(panting) I run out of the lake.


You've got two nearly dead people right next to you who are feet away from a mansion.


Oh! Hi. I'm Travis Willingham, voice actor, gamer. I play Grog the goliath barbarian.


Six years of Celestial, and when are you ever going to use it? It finally pays off.


And then, can I get an attack of opportunity even though I'm holding? I have no idea.


I like weird folks.


Medium, or large?


It's customizable. I haven't customized mine yet.


You know what, appreciate your rogues is all I'm saying, am I right or am I right?


Skulls!


Is that how it looks?


I don't care. No shame.


We saw you die!


I was looking for the hide ability.


Okay. What's happening?


With the legs.


Would you say the blood from my hand is splattering Jarett behind him?


You feel different?


Yeah, Gil!


Did he take his half damage from me, by the way, from the crits?


I can get us there.


Is this deception or persuasion?


You're little. Or you could have--


I can control water and part the river for a second.


How many minutes has it been? I'm wondering if his hands are starting to itch yet.


I think Polymorph tomorrow and then use your 9th-level spell for something major.


You're a natural. You're great.


Before we walk and talk, do we get the general idea that it's safe to walk through the city right now without being murdered? Considering we just put on the most epic Avengers-style display.


Is this what's happening right now?


We came!


Give you a big hug.


All of us? All right, let's go.


On top of losing a character.


I'm so happy.


I'll be out of the hole.


That's 12 points of damage plus five psychic, so 17 points of damage.


He'll be fine, he's a bandit.


That's up to us. We could take 30 minutes or just keep moving.


That's why it was so good.


Okay, well, the thing we then need to immediately decide, before we un-stone Lady Kima, is what're we going to do with the Horn?


He's the coolest.


It's not as good as I would've hoped. 18.


Yeah, no, he's really impressive actually. Have a little more respect.


Can I do the thing?


That's weird.


I cast Mage Hand just in case.


It was probably Doty.


I doubt it's going to work again. That, I think, has never worked.


It's okay. It's not that big a deal.


First blood!


The first is a Sharpshooter shot. That's 27.


You have magic with that? Is that like an implement or something?


You got this. In the City of Dis.


I'm back, I'm back. (laughter)


You don't want to get it in the wrong hands because--


That's much less--


I'm going to break-- first off, I'm going to fix my gun.


Keyleth just picks up her plate and awkwardly leaves.


There was a great remnant. The Herd will live again, and with Shale's wisdom.


Please! Are there any clerics here?


Keyleth--


Bye, guys.


This was an idea you had?


Oh yes. Had you not put that together yet?


I'm all right with the notion of getting a little deeper in.


That's good! 20. No. Deception? 19 total.


I have a dagger that I never use.


Jesus, there's another whole fucking map?


(pained) Ah, ah!


Would he have known from the Identify spell if it was cursed? Great. Well.


Because Critters are awesome.


It's huge, but not many people know the whereabouts. There's still locations and destinations within the Fire Plane. It's navigable.


What do you know of a Ballsac up in the tavern?


It's a really good meatball.


It's fine, just stick to arrows, really.


I'll just take the second shot right now. That's-- really? Really? Really, are we going there?


Yeah. So tired.


They really are.


If we find the market, we'll find an inn. Find an inn, we'll find a place to drink and get a room.


Run away, Tracy.


On Cthulhu's side, you're talking about?


Hey. Can you say your full name right now?


Is in you or is you?


All right. We have some deadish things in here, kind of moving--


It's right there. Is it important?


Sorry, Pike. The thing with this particular item is, the more people know about it, the more dangerous it actually becomes. The fact that we even share this information with Kima and with you is a very dangerous thing to begin with.


I'm going to say  Shut up! And crack him across the face again with my bonus, my off-handed.


The guy that sweats all the time?


What was the first one?


Make that check!


Because I didn't know if you were alive or not! I was still holding onto maybe that you were and you just disappeared and you just didn't want to stay with me anymore! You didn't want me part of the group!


Rage! Reckless! Endangerment! Diviney!


True, we are sponsored by him.


Could we fly?


What? It is? Oh my god! And I'm so handsome.


He's fine. He's not bleeding. It was non-lethal damage, right; he's not bleeding out.


You want a proper tour of deez nuts? (laughter)


Before you leave, I whisper in your ear, "You still have a little blood behind your ear."


And it seems like it's no secret when he comes to town.


I feel like Nott might be able to do some good with these too, if she had them.


Are these all five?


So 22.


Not enough to recognize anything.


You want to put the two bad things together?


Looking good, Tary, looking good.


There's no signs of poisoning in any of the remains, is there?


I wanna tie a big purple giant bow around the top of it.


Has anyone come across these creatures before? These weird tentacle brain guys?


Let's do it. Let's nap.


Was this person in the conversation I was spying on before?


And I think we bumped it to Alpha, but I don't remember, maybe not. And then it'll be on the rebroadcast if you wanna see it, but it's gonna be a lot of fun. Matt Key and Amy Dallen will be there, it's gonna be great.


Nott, can you Mage Hand and lift up the little leather skirt of the table, and see what's under there?


I'm so glad I don't have to do that. You just do it for me. It's very nice.


I lift Beau up to the branch just because.


No longer alive (laughs).


I would like to rage. I would like to spin around 180 degrees, and I would like to attack Clayface right about there.


Thank you, Matt.


Do we (whispering) need more information?


Caleb wussed out.


No, I heard the llama.


Rise, and kneel before your master!


Where's Orion?


My subscription went up three dollars? Aw. (all laugh)


I'll get to it on the other side. I'll get to whichever's closest. They're on the other side, right, of the group?


Which sounds better?


Can we see any movement outside the flames?


That definitely hits. That's 15 plus seven.


No, Grog, actually, I think you should train for a little bit at least. Just come down to the basement and maybe train for a little bit.


I could as well.


Hey now.


I look around. Are we still in the Shadowfell?


Yeah, that's outside of the city, into the woods.


I've got darkvision. Can I see anything?


As far as this city goes, correct me if I'm wrong, but we have two options. Either we stealth in with the stealthy people, not me included, and we try and pickpocket Kevdak for the Knuckles. Or I challenge Kevdak for the Knuckles.


So an unnatural one.


You haven't gone past these--


And then turning that into a lemure. Yes.


But even getting to Emon, aren't we exposing ourselves to detection and attack?


You can reappear ten feet away. It's either ten or five.


We will go back there. I don't think it's the next order of business but I think that we're not leaving the city without dealing with that.


Oh, you don't want to punch heads off.


Damn, you guys are doing good.


Yeah, high five! We're high-fiving and no one knows about what we're high-fiving over. So we have a fun new announcement for everybody. Aren't you excited?


It's already out.


Be straight with her, will you? Please.


We are not hiding anymore. Well, not like we used to. There is a certain amount of risk to what we are doing. And what I want is good, for more people than just me.


It smells really sweet. What's the sweetest thing you've got right now?


I mean you can't live at the Sluice, right? He's got to leave it at some point, right?


Oh okay so-- That was good, that was good, 26. With disadvantage. Okay, so I'll do the first one right now.


It's Street Fighter-style.


I'm going to remember that you're the one who suggests drinking random, yellow liquids and I'm going to bring you a vial of yellow liquid. I'm just saying.


Gotta go to the liberry.


Good, good, good, good. 24.


Wait, I don't even remember what I rolled.


Well, I grew up here, with my uncle-- Uncle Randy. Do you want to meet him?


Nott, be careful.


New hobby, or--?


We can chop it up.


Does Frumpkin fall down the tunnel, then?


Oh man, I hit up Bennigan's a lot.


You don't have to demean him as he goes.


We're in between two giants and a dragon?


I should have kept the first one. That's an 18, which is good! 23.


We have to look for Febron who is apparently in the Keystone Pub.


Let's all be thankful for Vestiges and thankful for being alive.


Oh, dear lord. What if you fall on the ground, Beau?


-- you know, we're taking care of a problem for you, too.


Yeah. I can heal us.


Axis!


I was going to buy you something, but then I realized sometimes old is better than new.


Let's go wake her ass up.


Yeah, right over there.


I do have a Greatsword of Frenzy, but it's a two-handed weapon.


Back to the fight.


Spill it, girl, spill it.


Did we pass the area that we were at before, where the farmer, Frederick?


Is it too late to reroll that?


And then I start heading back towards the tavern.


I have an idea for teeth.


That was the whole reason they attacked was-- what if they attack you now?


You guys, he's like the worst alter-ego version of Percy! He's a rich kid who just buys all of his cool toys. No offense, Percy.


It looks like you have a mullet.


Okay, this hat is so hot!


That could be a pituitary thing. I have never seen a sea creature in my life.


8.


We're quiet.


Do you know a birthday song too?


This just gets better and better. Submit whatever paperwork is necessary. See that it's done. (laughter)


Well, I mean, I can send him in there, he'll probably hit the wall a few times, but if there's any fire or anything--


I can mist us. I brought it today.


That looks like a three hit point spider.


Are you asking me to try?


I'm poisoned?


No, we can't out her like that.


I can roll another one.


I don't see any cool sparkly things in the mineral deposits? None of that?


There you are. Hold still, Casper! And I run up and I swing. (laughter)


A merchant warrior. Missing.


That was the first one. The second one I'm going to shove it down into its eye socket and just grind it around for the second attack, even though it's down.


We built our--


What size would you say Vecna is?


That felt really good.


But that's noisy, they'll come out.


High, come on, you guys. Oh my goodness.


And I don't take my eyes off of Vax the whole time.


All right, hold on, Pike. Look. If we're going back to Kevdak. You know I'm not scared of death, right? I would die by a dragon, I would die by a beholder, and I wouldn't care, as long as it was a beautiful death. But I don't want to die from Kevdak. Not him.


I'm sure Scanlan still has his. He can probably hear us talking right now.


I'm going to try to be aloof, stealth a little bit. I don't want to make myself completely known.


Hey, you're the one who hypnotized me into talking about stuff.


Is Kiri with us?


The four are with them?


We kind of figured out what it was. It was a modified version of a spell we've seen before.


Question mark?


Skulls are bad guys.


Such a bitch. Sucks.


There may not be much time for such things, but I was--


I should stop rolling this fucking dice.


Wait, did you have two minis made for yourself?


She's lived here for 15 years, but nobody really knows anything.


Let him take credit for the hand.


I hope you like hearing the word ranger.


I need to be more specific with my messages. You know, and I never got to say, "You can reply to this." That's an important part of it.


We're trying to head to the Shademirk Bog.


Okay. Does anyone mind if we swing by and just take a look at the Archive? Not go in, you know, we have other things we're going to do, but just to take a look.


Matt's understanding that we are all screwed.


It feels different.


What did he have? Just meat and--


You helped us in battle. Do you need us to help hide you?


Can you put it in your necklace?


It's just general perception?


Can I see them?


Sweet. That's it for tonight, guys.


You put your dice in the thing.


Temple. (muffled laughter)


Are the runes recognizable in any way?


I was wondering. All right.


Yeah, I want to take a look in the other room too, and give them a proper look.


Let's get shit-housed. Who cares what our responsibilities are?


Isn't that most of your paladin power?


I'm all right in the rain.


We don't need to talk.


Is this regular paint or the magic paint?


Oh that's right, she's in my pocket. Hi!


It's collect when we get back.


Plus giveaway.


Do I get sneak attack because he's restrained?


I'll inspire Vax.


Things came back quick, and the circus helped. They were good people. They did a lot of me and joy can fill an awful lot of a person's life.


I'll pay for rush delivery.


Where do the people I kill go? I know you don't have an answer, I don't have an answer either, but--


Click your Boots of Haste.


And then go out drinking.


Just to be clear, there's no clearage of sewage? We're just here to take care of whatever's causing that webbing you mentioned.


You did a--


You have a very different connection with your god.


If we're doing this now, we have to kill them.


There's one last thing. And I walk up and I look you over and I pull out the raven head cloak clasp and I pin it to hold the cloak together. And it's very deep, pitted silver with a slight ruby tinge to it. And it smells FABULOUS. And it smells better the more you sweat. And it smells of the Raven Queen's temple. Now talk to Keyleth. I'm counting on you. Good luck. And I walk away.


I love you, darling.


I could distract them or something first!


Give to charity. Thank you.


You thought it was stupid when I said it, but what?


We're all a bit of a work in progress, it's fine, dear.


Is that all the pixies?


Caleb, I'll buy you some porn.


I'll send my hand for the jar.


You know what? I'm going to go with Fjord to get the cart.


Can I not use my full movement to get--


Just on the cusp of it.


And you wake up, and you have to pee, it's hard to tell.


I send another message to Yasha.


I'd like to arm wrestle, in case I need to eat my way out of sadness with pies.


Are you saying that it's too difficult for you to wear, that it's not working?


I rolled all three at once. 'Cause I have to do one for each.


This isn't fair.


And that's not a concentration spell.


You can't retcon that shit.


The water elemental.


Oh, the one where they spin it around and you see which cup it is.


Thanks for saving my life. (as Trixie) Yeah, thanks for that!


An indeterminate amount of time.


Really? We don't need to check in?


Test it!


Fuck. I will-- Keg is what?


Kord's strength.


Join me under the cart?


No, he dropped it!


Ooh, those spoons? The little spoons, the collectible ones? Fuck this guy.


Should we empty the tank?


Ja, the creature is fine.


Yeah, you guys aren't actually afraid of some--


30 days.


So the only people that are left are Percy and Grog?


Should I read it to you guys? It says, "Nott, sorry for going before you woke up. Bad at goodbyes, never really had friends before. Yuto was my only friend, but now you and I are friends. This medalon, medalion, medallon-- this thing, was from Yuto. It will protect you. Thank you for helping me. Keg. P.S. If anyone hurts you I will kill them." "Kill" is spelled wrong.


It used to be just blunt weapons for clerics, wasn't it?


I go into a rage, and I would like to run up behind him with my Bloodaxe and make two reckless attacks against him.


He's pulling our chain.


Well no, is there anything you want to do, Pike, before I open it?


There's a sorcerer.


Time is of the essence. They're killing pirates who do not bend the knee to her. I've got to get to him now. Let me pass!


Go with your instincts.


Are you sure? Those seem like the most powerful ones.


Yeah, where did Kash go to in the last year?


I panicked!


Oh. It must be a joker.


Oh, I did that to the top! I open it up (finger swirling sound).


Because it flew out of my hand, I didn't roll it.


I mean, don't feel like you're obligated--


Oh no, Beau.


I'm going to look for any temples that might have a sigil inside while we're going through the town.


Lockheed.


I wasn't expecting to move! I can't see the leader, right?


"-- agrees to enable safe passage into the depths of Mentiri, specifically the Bastion of Flesh, unharmed." Bastion of Flesh. "The recipient-- your name here-- agrees to be the instrument of assassination leading to the death of-- Utugash" -- or should-- a name I will not say out loud-- "the Herald of" --something I will not say out loud-- "with the revealing or leaving of evidence that could connect or incriminate the scribe in an act or reasons for the act."


How hot does a campfire normally get? Not that hot, right?


Sorry, here's three--


Have you written your letter in your thieves’ thingy that you do?


You mean your water?


Is that a shell?


So he has to do a DC 15 saving throw.


We are going to irritate a kraken.


They're those little blue stones that are keeping the city here.


Can we try and give it the slip?


Are you still a bear?


Okay. I just need to bring him this sack of presents, or my papa will whip me pretty bad.


We are--


Thank you. Could someone heal me a bit before you leave? I'm quite singed.


No body left?


Those two? They've got it all figured out!


How about a short rest? (laughter)


We'll see you back at the King's Hall.


It's beautiful!


I couldn't help but overhear you talking to Pike about dreams you've been having.


No, let's go up that one.


Wait. How long does it last us?


You can do whatever you like.


I know, we could all die.


I fly away. Minor problem. It was really a very bad idea to go towards the music. However, Scanlan's enchanted, and we should probably save him because it looks like a lot of people have also been enchanted and are stuck there forever. If you're going to come and try to save him, plug your fucking ears, because I have a feeling this music is cursed. And I start shoving shit in my ears.


Oh my God! Grog!


Hold on, hold on, hold on. Are we alone in this room?


I can't use my movement to try and move someone?


I want to cry.


We have a moment we can spend.


Not teeth.


Yeah. Sneak attack.


Yeah, with the being on fire, it's really not that bad.


A VS spell is verbal. Can I talk?


17 plus seven.


Huh!?


That's what all of us were wearing, dude.


Pretty wild? Thank god the walls are made of stone!


The burrowing eyeball? Are you sure?! (laughter)


Let's all get in the boats.


Two away!


Have a good night! I know, I know, but they're sleeping.


To do what? To grapple check? Do I have to roll, too?


You all have really low self-confidence.


Or a potion.


It does cool things on D&D-- when I put it on my character, it did really cool things. It got a little picture.


They avoided the banhammer.


You just did math!


You can check him out, right there.


Who was it? Natural 20.


I don't want to get too far away, because I'm not done with my movement. I'm trying to get the shot as I run.


It's going to be fine. That's a joke.


Kraghammer is potentially in grave danger, am I right?


Okay. Are you able to send messages? You have Sending, yeah?


Wait, is Nonagon like a slang for-- or like a word for sorry?


Mm. Mm-hm.


Let's do a semicircle around where the door is.


A disembodied voice says  Totally.


Oh and plus two to each of them.


Good thing I was clearing our footprints. (all laugh)


Fucking leave it in the past!


She's really pretty.


Oh lord. Okay. I thought because he was big, maybe. Is he covered head to toe in armor?


I suppose our plan is the Slayer's Take next?


I guess Tary lives another day.


You? We'll all run in!


85-- what was it?


I'll let it alone for now.


Spiritual Weapon stays on the field. Once you cast it, it's out there in every single turn, for a bonus action you can attack.


No. MARISHA. Yeah. Do you want to be about something?


Is there an open booth or--


After a while, yeah.


Including the crit damage. I rolled really poorly on my damage.


Orly--


Well, if she's behind one of the guards then two of the other guards can see her.


Can we feel it?


I also--


Action, bonus action.


I mean, she's okay.


Oh, you better not!


He's been wearing it every day. It does not-- It doesn't smell that bad!


We did it!


I did, but it wasn't much.


Oh, is there a lock on the bars? Yeah.


Medium pace?


Kash and Z were left staring at the bodies.


Yep. Some leather, some armor. There's a few things.


May be Taliesin's.


Matt, while she's rolling, can you describe her hair at this moment? Is it whipping around? Is it in her face? Is it covering her eyes in a sexy, sweaty way?


No, I'm running really low. No.


Yeah, fuck that guy.


Would I have been able to cast a spell as we are pushed forward into all this mess?


How many of us can the elevator hold?


Okay, wait. Next time you hit a creature with a ranged weapon-- spell-- range. It just hits it, but then everything within five feet makes a dexterity saving throw. Sorry, guys.


Which I have been.


This game has consequences.


It brain-talks.


Okay. I'm going to give us about ten minutes to figure out what we want to do here, and then I am sending Frumpkin out after them. We need to decide something now, because I am going to be out of it for a bit.


And yet, is there value in saving the world? Or should you just let it all go away?


Are we going up to the mountain?


I get advantage on those because I--


I just saw you that. I'm like  Ah.


That is 3d8, so where is my eight-sided die? There it is. This is fire, and it is 11 points of damage.


We should jump in. Jump in!


I turn around and look at her and go  all right.


So the other Horn is still safe?


All right, 17.


Punching?


Are they not going to attack him as well?


Bell is bad. He's in trouble, we need to go in now.


Oh, you didn't throw it to me yet, did you?


It was called King's Crown.


Can I like, do it from the side? Can I attempt to?


Vax, and I said sorry at the same time, so I'm peeing right now, is what I'm saying.


But we're going to do it smarter. We're going to do it better.


Door.


I want to try and push in the door open.


It's clammy.


One of ours.


I meant blood, but sure.


He's in the mouth of the thing.


There's a guest room.


I'm gonna stay where I am, and I wanna keep eyes on-- ooh, I wonder if you have to be in the circle to do damage. Fuck.


His concentration, maybe?


There's a wishlist?


Have to be within 500 feet.


Yeah you can dissipate, right?


Yeah, I'm from Port Damali, but I had seen her a couple times in the city.


Does everything in this jungle have snake heads?


Oh, five feet. Damn it. Oh, but that's good for Grog. Okay.


I could blind them.


Pitiful.


Wardenhelm Poppin--


Yeah! I'm going to fly down to the sandpit and land next to Grog.


Now I change. I change, because it only lasts a certain amount of time.


Check one. Carry on, carry on.


No, it doesn't make any more sense, though.


It's dusk.


I got one gold on the blue one. Anyone want one gold on the blue one?


Yeah, she means it.


Charity drive?


If anybody sees, I'm looking for silk flowers. Really, something nice. Something super fancy, if you see anything.


All you have to do is pledge allegiance to the Washington football team. (laughter)


How much do you need?


Joe, don't die.


It was not-- I didn’t break in anywhere-- I mean, we did, but it was cool because other people were with me. It’s when we went down into the basement to scout around for other entrances into the bottom of the Leaky Tap.


A mineral? (laughs)


Right. How often do you get challengers in this tavern?


Okay, I look at the skeleton, I look at her. I look at the skeleton, I look at her. I'm an idiot.


It is an announcement. We're seeing Hamilton on Saturday.


Zahra, it occurs to me, you come from a family with power, connections.


But abrasive. Right? You're put off by it, so it works. It's working.


Can I find a patron that seems chill?


Okay. Sure, why not! Here we go. Yeah, yeah that's good. 17.


You have that?


The room that he's in is sealed up?


And should you need to resole your shoes--


We're killing it.


By yourself?


We've already blacked out--


Tiberius, do you want to drink this?


This is terrible.


Fuck! Yeah.


No, she's fine. She's safe in Emon. So is Kima. They're both safe.


Kiki, I'm over here.


I have to spend bonus actions on my turn, correct?


(laughing) How tall is the ceiling?


The guy who's in the air, flying.


Oh, a 31 or 33.


Grog, Grog, Grog, do we really want to do this? He's down, he's asleep!


Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!


Pumat Sol.


Pike's with us, though, right? She could do an insight check.


Oh. Wow. My turn, huh?


Making pictures in the clouds right above the city. It's fine.


The City of Brass is in the Plane of Fire. We've covered that.


Oh. I hand-carve like ten to 20 depending how much time I have but--


What're these words?


She's right here.


I can't scry between dimensions.


Follow the smell.


What is this, plus my spell attack bonus? No, it's just an attack? What is this?


Maybe hide and make sure we're hidey-hidey?


Good, so you can bamf to her.


Do I get a shot?


Double bear action. Bear on bear action.


And I did not see Lazlo, so he could be upstairs.


Yeah, there's maybe a Grog in the group that could totally use it!


He's going for spells!


We have something to show you guys. You just wait. Hey guys, why don't you roll that footage?


No, just so I can get an eyeline on the one I already shot once.


I throw it right next to his head, and I don't go anywhere.


Also 16.


This is very exciting, two missions at once.


19 points with radiant damage on the end of that.


Can I do an insight check?


Find out next time! (laughter)


You've burned his third legendary action. You've burned it. It's gone.


(laughter) Go!


It is our very expensive tent.


I turn around and I go  Guys, his fucking eyes are glowing.


Does it say how much paint it comes with?


I will wear it. Thank you.


I was mirroring something somebody else said.


She did just help--


Right there. Oh no, that's the insects, that's right. So, yeah.


Gilmore, does the screen keep us hidden?


We have. MATT "Tell me, what have you heard?"


I have a shitload. I never really use them.


You know, I would watch Jeffrey Dahmer's Prismatic Sphere.


Oh, yeah. We're going to want to have a word with her later.


In his eyes, maybe. He's not used to bright light.


Voractin24  "A combined donation for Critical Role and for myself and my role group." Oh. "from AngelMitsu."


Really? A cat?


It's an IUD. (laughter)


Doesn't matter.


We also have both of our artists here.


Speaking of money, money, money.


Second attack, straight across his back.


I mean we're not going to go sneaking in in the day.


I already tried and it didn't happen.


Well, as long as we commit to 24 hours in Draconia no matter what.


Sure, great.


Just how I remember you! Warm gelatin.


I bet you're first in line to protect the city against an attack, aren't you?


Oh my god. Does that ever end? Do you have to cancel it?


She had other gold.


Oh wow! The preorder shirts?


When you're ready, we'll fix one up.


Just straight intelligence?


I'm invisible. (laughter)


Well, most fiends are weak to holy damage, right?


And then I could also do some research, because-- Is the libraries and the lyceums and stuff open again? Or are they just fucking demolished?


He's also got bracers of defense, gloves of missile snaring, and a dragon slayer longsword? Sure, why not.


Yeah, but they're alive.


Oh, wow. So the first one is a 21.


Well, I mean, a little.


And you have faith that these that you sent will?


Well, I gave him a nickname to the nickname.


There's no part of this that I want! But if you'd like to go over there, I'll be your second.


Great. I'll reach into my magic bag, and pull out a vial of acid and just throw it at the thing.


Could go through his pee-pee hole too.


Get you a drink, I think.


Anything you could use, Percival?


Can't Vax do some Spider-Man shit and check out the windows? He's all invisible.


They would stay there while they're under the employ of the Iron Shepherds?


Yeah, I'll come down and-- A drink?


You should just kill him because he's never going to work again.


Of the art book.


Go with the twins, they're more inclined to violence.


With a limerick.


I also found out that that one of the vials is a potion vial. It can temporarily give the drinker a spell of Etherealness. Which is like you temporarily turn into Casper the Friendly Ghost. You can pass through walls.


I love you too.


Oh, I can move.


You have just come upon it.


I pull out the piece of the petrified crocodile. We killed this, too. This is all that's left of him.


I'm going to hop over to where the doors are.


Beymaxed it.


We did, yeah.


Tight, that’s tight.


It's a pride issue.


He's relaxed.


Oh, that's a really far stretch. The king.


Park Place, motherfucker!


I do the cool thing where, like, I slide down, like a fireman, down the ladder a little bit.


What if we-- here's my pitch. What if we have two tin cans and a string that just goes to Matt, and we can do like one of these things.


Now that we've continued on, how do the wagon wheels look on the road as we're moving? Are they leaving tracks that's filling in with water behind us at this point?


That will probably tell us what this room is about. I worry a little about alerting people on the other side of the room, but it feels dangerous to go through here.


I can't believe I almost died again from that damn death ray!


Not if they're already dead, then you can pick the wings off super duper easily.


How tall is this tree, Matt?


It's hardly your fault. This is ridiculous.


I am hearing a lot of what ifs.


Fourth Street in Austin.


That's on scale. All right.


Yeah, or distraction.


Was it around eight in the morning when we got to that house?


Programmed.


Go for the gnome!


It was you, Liam, until he brought up the Merkin.


Maybe it was separated from its parents or something?


Right. Starting in this line. Grog's not in it.


Holy moley.


Yes, I believe we need to go shopping.


Retrograde! You know they always say that retrograde perception is 20/20?


She was hiding.


You have to be around, though. To keep an eye on them.


That is not what that does.


Take Keyleth out of here, please.


Yeah. Fucking True Lies. (explosion)


I know, but she'll think it is.


I would hate to go without all of you.


The one on the landing it is.


Oh my god, this is going so fast.


Here, here's a big flask of firewater.


I think we can all do that.


How often do you just eat strangers' cream puffs?


I wanted to wait for Caleb.


Wait it takes them to the Ethereal Plane?


I'd like to Great Weapon Master right now. Where's Scanlan on the map?


You can move a Stinking Cloud?


I am booking towards the big red--


Okay. Oh! (squeaks) Nine?


What if I made this a reckless tripping attack?


I think my Polymorph spell is a concentration spell.


No, you did great. Much better.


Does it make ale?


Jester took most of the day to harvest a gator.


Secret service?


Bloodline. Bloody wine, blood wine.


Even Chod.


You are now Homer Simpson in hell with donuts just going in. (laughter)


Does his fear grant advantage?


I'm confused on the levels on what you're talking about what all you want, but I'm with it. Wait, do we do need from Algar--?


Just yeah, right into the thick mess of them.


(sighs) Well, that was a close one. (laughs) Did we find anything?


There was a destroyed-- looks like a transportation circle inside.


You're my hero.


So I do that.


At which you have advantage.


We can look away.


We did have lights up.


I still feel like we need to reach out to Vanessa. Let her know what's going on.


I'm doing a ritual spell for 11 minutes.


So, I meant to ask you, that big, muscly, like long stringy white-haired guy that was watching our last fight.


That's just one. Four plus two is six. Is that sneak attack? No.


Everyone poops.


Just a wall full of dicks!


And Keyleth said that she can cast Water Breathing, can help us breathe underneath the surface.


Yeah, we're pretty great.


Yeah, we're kind of death-adverse.


What a fucking bunch of idiots we are! It's so good.


Okay. I guess I'm going to stay hidden on my end and try to make my way down. I can't do anything below, but okay, whatever, yeah. Yeah, I guess I'm going to try to go-- No, because I'm going to keep visual on Duplicate Jester. I'm going to stay hidden on the top.


What do we do now? Should we go in?


No, she didn't. She was in shackles next to the ogre, right?


I think it'd be safer to stay on the ground level and sneak. Because if we're the air, they are going to see us.


Cool. I can't see the other one that went towards the horses, right?


Sorry, I keep losing count. I'm sorry. I'm so nervous.


When one is born into gentry, one is born with an innate sense of destiny. (groaning)


But think of the good we could do with that money, giving alms to the poor back home where we are.


31 to hit.


What I expect to see is still giving off a little glow, right?


If you're ever trying to get over barbed-wire or any pointy fences, you take a rug or a bedroll, and you throw it over there, and you hop over and you--


Okay, second attack. Same thing, 11. Another five damage!


I'll get the ink.


That doesn't sound interesting to me at all.


No, but my sister or I could go with you. One of us.


Ooh. Leather thong!


That's a charisma save against 16.


I can't, so that's fine. Mine's gone.


I think we all need to go together.


For you, Caleb, I do.


Why don't you all take ten steps back, and we'll see what this next hinge does?


Someone taught that to me earlier.


I could probably confirm this.


Plus--


Oh no. Athletics, huh? Eight.


Okay, I have a question about this Broad Barn thing. Is Broad Barn the name of an establishment, or is Broad Barn a very broad barn?


Get the dragon armor out.


Yeah, I like that. Let's go take over a little shanty-town.


It's an odd theme. It's all shirts that I've worn. No, the theme this month for Loot Crate is the anti-hero. That's part of the Loot Crate theme and the Loot Wear theme. Not just the box, but the bag as well. But you know what I love?


Can I use my bonus action to hide?


Hey, Yasha, what's in your bag you've been carrying?


You're not going up there with him, right? Because he's in disguise now. You look the same, Beau.


Your four-star rating just went down to a three.


Why did you want the designs?


Is Lyra around? Anywhere?


After this, I'm retiring.


Totally Tracy.


The design is nice.


I need to go by there anyway. How long has it been since we've been in town?


"Throw the sword," no.


I am Eomita Deephollow, lightfoot halfling fighter.


That would be good.


Metallic-looking?


Oh, you're releasing it. You're doing it.


Initiative? Don't I get a surprise round? Doesn't matter. 21.


You're like the Olympian judging the newer Olympian.


Is the light coming from the tower?


Oh, that's interesting. As that guy, can I move more?


Are we allowed to say what we did in it?


You're taking care of all of it? Did we have any--?


All right. I'm going to take 15 feet, step to my right to put me in a straight line with the guy next to Fatty and the big guy behind him. And then fire a Lightning Bolt straight ahead to hit both of them. I hope they're not immune to lightning. We'll find out.


Deedee?


I have advantage because my armor is resistant against spells, right?


When do I level up?


God, I am rolling just the worst. 13.


So ten feet at the top.


Hey, I'm gonna sneak behind Tiberius and stab that guy.


You know, beyond it being an engineering issue, it might be a greed issue first.


We're fighting a carpet! The fuck!


Might as well, right?


It discards itself.


I say we put it behind the skeleton.


I'm hidden well, so I have advantage?


It has been a while for you, hasn't it, Grog?


She has a shield, right?


Give me some sugar.


And she was coming out. She had both of her eyeballs back, and was like, "Ooh, it's chilly." Bitch! Enjoying the winter snow.


You have an awesome axe, right?


Let's leave it exactly where they're supposed to be so we did our job.


Those 60 seconds have passed.


Please a four.


It's a slow roll laughter. It took a minute and then it caught like fire. (laughter)


This is a repair die.


Maybe in my dive position I could squeeze your legs with my wings, how about that?


Is it now?


Yes. Because the cloak, yes


Too bony. Promise.


Yeah, but you're also getting pummeled by arrows.


I think they're staying.


Anyone in the hallways?


We're not really worried about people having a heart attack; we want people to be worried about having a heart attack, because then they're more excited to come see the show. This is how these shows work.


Taliesin, take it away.


A bulbous dire wolf.


Well, I can make magical items, if there's something that you need made or enchanted. We have other members of the group that do different things. We have a fine tinkerer, if you need something made for you. Vex here is an excellent shot. She could put on an archery show or something, if that would be something worthwhile to you. You know, if that will help ease the debt. I know my family owes you quite a bit of money.


How old are you, Nott? Are you a little goblin? Or are you a normal adult goblin?


(whispers) The guy that owned him.


Oh, god damn it, what are you going to do?


Are there any doors around here?


Looking up, can you see any sort of surface to the water, like you would if you were 150, 200 feet, scuba-diving down, and--


You're so good, you're so good.


Bring him up to eight intelligence.


Basically you're blowing really hard.


I'm Tova.


It's a very focused Fjord.


Oh, well, give us just a moment. Yeah, but that's a good idea. 24.


You know, if we stumble upon one of them maybe be like, "Hey. Met your grandma."


Huh. That is one smart cow.


I'll go to your place and watch you play it because I want to watch you play your character.


I am, but you bitches keep spending money!


I can give him one of the Sandkheg bottles.


Yeah, let's send it off towards one of those torches.


That's the first time you're introducing the word "cult" into conversation.


Reeve, it's so nice to meet you, I'm Jester.


Where? Up where?


Right. What did he ask in exchange for the tutorial?


I'm so stoked right now.


There's nothing private about our situation at all, right? There's people everywhere?


We got to rest up, right?


What about all the other numbers?


One of them at least is extremely strong. The other one must have some sort of skill.


Well I imagine there must be a hefty reward for the item that you seek. We went through great troubles just to acquire it.


Stop this! I can't take any more!


Yes, the Warden.


I'm not sure who the elf ears are for, that's probably one of you guys. Actually, you know what? I think these are for-- We have the bear, Trinket, and the ears.


That's true, that's most important.


Past the Gruff Stump?


Ja hello, my name is Caleb. (laughter)


Oh, this is, of course, the Javelin of Lightning. This javelin is a magic weapon. When you hurl it, and speak its command word, it transforms into a bolt of lightning.


Somewhere else in the universe, the balance is no more.


I did! I wish you were there! I mentioned you and everything in my speech.


We could pop into it. We could pop out of it.


On the chain. Literally on the text chain.


Don't run out the same exit that we do, okay?


I know. That was intense. There's a lot in that. Are you going to be all right?


I'm going to re-cast Mage Hand and pick up the bucket of tar.


On that wall, it's soldier being eaten by Keyleth, and then invisible.


Fucking fuckface.


I guess we'll follow?


Pike is back! What would it be without some clanging?


There are good opportunities and bad opportunities, and this one is giving me the vibration that perhaps we should just leave him be.


We get advantage on attacking him?


Are we up there with them now?


That's still pretty good.


24 on the first one.


God, she's so weird. (laughter)


Awesome. She's going to assume the dodge-- Is there anything else to do?


Weirdly, the arrow hits and kills Keyleth.


Can I also add Divine Fury on--


Yeah, exactly.


Maybe she was keeping it secret. Keeping it safe.


Insight. Nine. Nine plus insight is plus three so, eh.


That's lower, that's four.


Castle?


35 points of slashing damage.


I'm going to backtrack. I'm going to find my sister. And I'm still very little. It's at the back of that cavern. It's not in the pool of acid that's near the front, and it's not just past that. It keeps going back. So if we're going to do this, and we're all just going to throw ourselves into it, and let the chips fall where they may. The best thing that I can do right now is take it unawares, hurt it for as much as I can--


Wow indeed.


Just do it.


I think we have her notebook in the locker.


So, let's see.


I'm just saying, we will draw attention to ourselves, and then we might go around asking people to kill the Iron Shepherds, and that might draw more attention to ourselves in a town that it feels the Iron Shepherds kind of run. Or at least have a better foothold in it than we do.


Yeah, make sure we get the gold out of our dude's pockets, you're right there on the ground.


I'm sorry. It just comes naturally. I can't force it.


It's a ten-minute walk.


Keyleth goes behind Grog and starts cleaning up the beans that he just threw.


That's what I thought. If you would go join Amelia, I have to get my good friend Abjurist Noja out of his cell and then we're going to go have a meeting, because there's going to be a big feast tonight, it's going to be delicious.


That's how I can just stand everywhere among their being idiots, is I'm really trashed.


I'll go first. I'm not going to do much, but I will take out my Wand of Magic Missiles, because I've got to use everything I got. And I will shoot, fuck it, six missiles, I'll use six of the slots. So it's three plus another five.


Yeah, I'm a bigger fish now.


I'm grabbing a little drink downstairs, and then I'm going to go walk in whatever direction seems the most interesting shit outside is in.


Maybe some of us don't smell very good in this group. I'm not one of them, though. I smell amazing.


I agree with Grog. We can't sacrifice having him gain all of those followers, because then the only option would be murder a lot of his followers, which I'm not really comfortable with.


Were stealthing.


Or set a trap.


Okay, I move the black cloud to the next guard. He also gains disadvantage on all-- let's make it dexterity saving throws.


Oh, Kima?


Wait, back up a second. Are you Mr. Clay?


Oh yeah! I have a game coming out. We're doing a show with Geek & Sundry called Relics and Rarities, and it's super silly and fun and great and I hope that everyone will love it, and I just want to say a big thank you to you guys because I don't think that would be possible either for me without all of you paving the way and being so supportive and so incredible and so inspiring. Thank you so much!


Nothing magic here, bitch. I will go reckless, Great Weapon Master at Ripley, please.


Maybe it was Yasha!


Let's look in the Doty book real fast.


Her cleavage gets a little nicer.


We don't know how long it takes. We can try to wait and see how long it takes and then rest?


I don't think so. Not since waking up.


Well, yeah. But Percy, the belt?


Sort of?


Hell was not, but a revenge plot was.


On my buddies!


Him flying.


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


She knows what her reactions are. You do have one.


It only has 90 hit points, so it's fine, guys! It's fine.


She'll just be another minute.


You are a beautiful person.


We'll heal it!


I didn't know that; people don't tell me those sorts of things.


Yeah, that sounds fine.


I do not turn my back. I walk backwards the entire way out, with an arrow notched.


How did you get this gig? I was just curious.


Well, I appreciate that much. Thank you for doing that.


All right. So here's the black-- can I do an investigation check on the crystal at all, or--?


-- and I'm kind of in pain but I can kinda do it.


First attack is (sings) 20. No. 19.


But why send-- why would I go? Why would you go? Why not send a representative? You know what I mean?


This is like matryoshka nesting dolls. (laughter)


I say we could drag them and throw them into the lake to avoid suspicion on the carnival. We've got to get out of here.


Kill him. With your bodies.


I don't have to reroll, it's the same for all three, right?


Like, it walks around?


It doesn't appear to be human-sized.


One addendum. Our sizes don't change, right?


Yeah, don't get hurt, okay?


Now can we get some scales?


Well, that was dumb.


Can I do an arcana check, or something, to see if it's magic?


No, they're from the ocean. Where else would they be from?


Matt's like, I will kill you all.


Okay, and then I take her by the foot and I drag her on her face away from the group. Very gently, but still by her foot.


Grog, can you get him out, can you lift him up?


You're bleeding out your eye right now!


Teamwork!


Should we take the carpet?


(gasps) She was bringing him home?


I'll go for the super hurt one. Who's right in front of me, right?


Don't say it smug like that. Jeez. It's our lives!


Home is where you make it, Kima.


Happy-one-year-anniversary extended edition.


I still have Entangle up.


Immature indeed.


I'm too far to do anything, right?


Remind me, what was the Duskmeadow, again? Was that where we chased the rakshasa?


(howls)


As we're doing the item stuff, I would like to stop at a blacksmith's shop.


You might.


Did you leave suddenly, without any word, or did they know you were leaving?


On rock'n'roll.


All magic.


We should all be together. You should join me here.


Do you know binary? One, zero, zero, one, zero, one, one, zero, one, zero, one...


Yeah it's dried. I spent that time. I spent time during the break.


Stop it.


(laughs excitedly)


No! 31!


Oh, yes! Ooh.


Whoa!


I have a few things that I'd like to talk about.


I rolled an 11.


What's Uncanny Dodge?


He's here right now.


Well, I can fly, so can I scooch around?


You hear beside you  Arschloch.


I admire how you're really sticking to that. I'm in awe. I'm impressed.


Yes. I would like to go up and put my scar, and post up on the bar and (throat clearing)


You're my daughter!


I was gonna say we could make a diving bell. But it would be very hard to travel with, but we could make a micro diving bell.


So if we open it, it will--


A little bit of hemming, a little bit of hawing.


So thoughtful, Pike! Oh, my best friend! She's so thoughtful.


Those are locked doors?


I don't check if it's magic.


Yeah you did, you're right.


As the spell fades, I just give Grog a big hug and just kinda cry tears of joy into his chest for a little bit.


I don't want her to fucking cast any shit on Kima.


Just a little tuck in. Yeah, that's good. That's good. I don't want to like lose too much visual. Yeah, that's good.


Hey, would that count as fan art? If fans made us music?


But the lingering effects, you know, I'm in the afterglow!


Was that Hosin?


But now he has 70 extra hit points.


Does he fall, or can he continue to fly?


You don't know this town. Who knows this town the best?


That's just some dude from Sea Org in a bathrobe. Punch him!


Yay teamwork, teamwork.


We can get a surprise round on all of them.


Travis, you look really hot. [cheering]


Oh man! I told you--


Ten. Ten, they rolled a ten.


Shit. That's as far as I can go?


Kylre.


Crates will just show you everything they have.


Just a little--


Not, not in that way. (laughter)


So are you going to find him to meet him and know him, or to seek revenge upon him?


Oh, you want to come along?


There's a cancerous tree that we have been sent to destroy.


We should leave the temple.


Yeah, right there. I'm going to take a Sharpshooter shot.


One night.


Oh no, don't make that sound, Matthew.


She may not be dead. She may just be really, really wet and broken.


Oh, what! Well, you guys are out of luck with the charisma modifier shit, but what! (all laugh)


That room with the candles!


Maybe it only becomes visible at a certain time?


Oh, motherfucker, he's such a dick!


You have so many balls inside of you already.


Are you having fun on our trip?


Is it the one in the forest?


You don't have to tell me any more, it's fine. I'll just imagine the worst possible--


Then I'll hold my action until the other one starts moving towards us.


But also moving like zombies.


We also took some of your semen.


I know. I'm sorry, Sarenrae.


No, he can't.


We keep going, but I think we remember from the song that that could be the lantern light, right?


Armaments, what kind of armaments you got?


It's not considered flanking?


They're totally vampires.


There's all those things in the curse, darling. Maybe just write a new book for the time being, just a small other book?


Oh. Well, I teleported. I went there, came back.


Life begins anew in Whitestone!


Am I able to slide around Keyleth closer to you, into that little alcove, or am I too pressed against the wall? The other way.


I don't know? I don't know.


She's never met Pumats Sols.


And what clear thoughts they have been.


Barely.


Can I use Hunter's Mark and sense where Lady Briarwood is at that moment?


We need more platinum.


That's a no.


Level three Invisibility.


I'm going to wear it!


Would you do my makeup for me?


Yeah. Can I get up on top of the rubble and crouch down?


From his what?


We've come a long way to get here tonight. It's true we may die, and when our bones are turned to dust, carry them away in Wyrmwood gaming boxes, the finest wooden boxes for carrying the remains of the dead ever. They're great! Oh and you can put dice in 'em too, which is probably their intended purpose. And if you like them, they have many different kinds of woods, you go to wyrmwoodgaming.com. And if you want to pay for shipping, you can, but if you don't want to pay for shipping, use the code 'critrole'.


It's a pleasure.


Oh, and short rest, which means I get all that back, and I get that back.


You wanna go against illithid?


I wouldn't call that person a fan, necessarily.


He's not doing a lot of talking to us.


Yes it is, she was really rude to you and--


From Sutan's house.


That's not how you do it, though.


(whispering) Thin one! Thin one!


Real confident, real strong.


What's the lesson? What's the lesson?!


Then they're going to be gone. Well, we might have a small overage that remains in the store. But the pre-orders will be done. You know what I mean. And then hey, check out that other stuff like shirts, hats, and dice. We should be getting some more Vox Machina d20s. I know a lot of people have been asking about them. They're going to be restocked, hopefully within the next week. More will be coming soon if those sell out. You know how it goes.


You look great up there.


Okay, can I get to it?


(hoarsely) Right this way, stealthy motherfucker.


I'm just walking out at this point.


Just keep your mouth shut for like 30 damn seconds.


We're killing everyone on the boat. We don't even know who they are!


Money shot!


We will grab everything we fucking can.


Can I climb up those rocks behind me and stand on the top of them?


Still not great.


No, you have to come with. I was going to volunteer to trail behind; the armor helps.


Is he coming over?


Great. Good.


I think we're going to all get in and then, Grog, I'm going to have you punch the darkness.


And thank you for donating, getting us well past our goal, and as some of you may remember during Critical Troll, Felicia mentioned that if we reached a certain goal, she would come on, on a scheduled date and play Rock Band 4. So that's happening, tomorrow.


The Abyssals say yes and the Dwarven said what?


Okay, is anybody down? I'm going to do Prayer of Healing. I want to save Mass Cure Wounds.


You were so cute, all of you. It was the cutest orc adventure that ever happened.


Billy Mays here for the Ashari Tribe!


Well, we're in the lead boat and Yasha's paddling, so Yasha, it's up to you!


We'll see you soon.


I still think one of us should stay up in shifts inside this bubble. Just in case.


That's weird to be like, 'my child is related to me.'


Ooh! (all cheer)


Discount code. I love that you called it a modifier!


Perception checks?


I'm still raging using Persistent Rage and I point over my shoulder and yell, Dragon that way! And I keep running past them.


Like a really good feeling. Like the kind of feeling that will put a big smile on your face, you know, take you back home, make you feel like there's a big--


That worked out really well for us last time.


The best.


She's not fine, but she's not down.


And I can talk to Trinket now. We talk all the time.


Oh. Caleb. Caleb Widogast.


Crossovers?


All right. I will fire.


It's just milk.


That's been a kind die to you.


(grunts) I get up, shake it off, pull up for another shot. Shooting at his face. I'm reloading, shooting at his face.


I haven't been used in 37 years.


Nein! Cookie monster.


All right, I'm going to heal myself.


There's no windows. Anyone stopping me as I Alter Self and--


That's as far as I can get without an action?


It's good coffee today.


No, I'm choosing on the right.


Oh no. Five.


Six rounds.


No, I'm very normal. I just do weird stuff with my normal stuff.


I'll make a little circle of rocks.


Put that one away.


You pointed at me.


Dex bonus is four, proficiency is three, plus 12 is--


Trinket! Get us out of here! Hey, okay, here's the thing. Can you go over and get anything out from between those two bars, on the outside of the room?


No, he's a mechanical construct that I made, he did not--


I will help you look because I have an eye--


Do they look like they're working, or do they look like they're--?


Ah! You are amazing!


Indeed. I assume it doesn't mean overthrowing it. More manipulating it to your individual gain.


(gasping) No fucking way!


It's a grapple. Connected to a rope.


We're good!


Does he qualify as a monster?


Okay. I step in and start looking around.


Also, DM  did we get told for these trammels, for these harpoons, that they need to be wielded by the person associated to their gods, or can Grog chuck them all?


I'll make an arcana check.


Yeah. Gun in one hand, sword in the other.


Of course, but we'll have to do it at some point. We're all together now.


Yep, 8.


Captain?


(laughing) We've got a really large amount.


Pew! That's 25.


Half damage.


Yes, so we're heading left and going--


Bonus action, that's it. If I fail the DC, I fall prone.


No, I took two steps back from the door.


I think it would be the beginning. He's who everybody's afraid of.


I shouldn't have surprised you, man, I'm sorry about that. Shit.


Everybody get their heads down, like Ashley.


That sounds good, yes.


Not poor folk, rich folk.


We didn't do any research on that wall, did we? That spell? Did anybody do any research on that spell that we saw her do? Down in the ziggurat?


Rally the townsfolk. This is something I think-- I don't think that sneaking in is necessarily the answer. I'm not saying go in, guns blazing, but I say we let them know--


I'll give you five silver just to have your shrug to sit on so my butt's not on the floor.


Oh, you can hear the rope?


All right, so I'm going to look at the three around me, one of them fell off the roof, so there's only three there, right?


Right, any chance you’d be interested in claws of an umber hulk?


Can I get a spell off?


So there's no plus-- I forget what's added for, like, my dexterity and what's the magic-- The keen-- Oh, it's two for the keen dagger, so one plus five is six. Now here comes the Sneak Attack damage. Six plus-- There's nine, 12, 13, 18, 22 for the first. Oh, and Natural 20 is a crit.


