Don't forget that we all have our amazing metal around our neck that Scanlan got us.


Our tiny people are pretty fucking powerful.


Third strike is a 19.


He's into autoerotic asphyxiation?


That's still really bad.


No, I am Cobalt Soul. Yeah. Super proud of the work we're doing over there.


I will pay you whatever he has promised you, double, if you let me go right now.


I'm going to-- I don't know why I'm being quiet. We should head downstairs.


Oh! 30, because of Pass without a Trace, which is still on us.


Maybe, yeah.


You didn't pick up blue shit?


Interesting. There's a lot of dead men up there.


All right. Just hang tight. I mean, you can stay, stay here. Mop yourself up or something. You're a good man. I'm sorry I do these things to you.


Well, it could be. Could be kimchi. Either way, it will be very tasty.


Wait, if you cast Seeming, will we still be able to get into the--


What if we put some flowers in his hair, so when he wakes up, he looks really pretty?


I do know what you mean.


An important question here, Percy. Are they keeping her, or is she here of her own volition?


Oh, players.


It's relatively safe.


Who do I see?


You've got an hour.


I got petrified!


Yeah, I rolled a three.


(laughs) Just frozen there. I really want to swallow and I can't close--


You can't.


So question. The little blue flashy thing that happens with the eyes. Is that going to happen with us now, too?


Well... I don't feel like I can answer that question appropriately at the moment.


Yeah. Mainly just to make Vex sexy. That's really all I'm going for. I turned into an elemental. I've got to do something with it.


I walk up between the two of them, and I have a 30 foot radius on the spell, so I'm basically doing this, but I'm very interested in the bookshelf obviously. I'm looking everywhere.


It's what? How many d4? 2d4?


Yay. 4d6.


And you roll 2d10 extra.


All right. We-- You grew up here, so I don't know if this means anything to you, but we are searching for a rakshasa. Do you know what that is?


You're in control of it. You're using it for yourself?


Before I Polymorph, I toss you my broom.


Trust fall?


I don't know. Maybe we can just get out.


Let's quit while we're ahead.


Two comics.


And I said, bitch!


Oh god. Imma roll my moonstone dice for this.


Hello, Simon. (slithering sound) (laughter)


At least five.


Sorry, keep hitting the mic. Just dex saving throws?


Can I object to checking the center of Emon, right? Because that's where the Cinder King is?


Motherfuck, I'm unconscious again. By one point!


But it has to be able to hold its breath. If we throw a dog in there--


Cool. Awesome. I am going to take all three attacks at Great Weapon Master at him. NOT Reckless.


Oh, well then, you top me.


Yeah, 23, 23.


You could even make it to get into his face.


I was not looking for shrimp. (laughter)


No, I want to be in initiative just to make sure that I can actually make sure that--


(hums the intro of "Alexander Hamilton")


Zum Geburtstag, ja.


You know the drill.


It's like rock-paper-scissors.


Does that count, though?


I'll stay in the dungeon. They can stay in my room.


Smash cut to--


My spell doesn't last that long.


You're the worst people!


I'll get to that. Investigation, you say? That is a 13.


We know the direction. Go in that direction.


Red velvet. It's good.


Lady Briarwood, it is such an act of compassion to take on such responsibility as a house such as Whitestone.


I mean, we could. Where in the contract does it say we can't kill them as soon as we release them?


Ey.


15! 15?


Totally meant to. Okay. I'm just climbing. I'll follow them.


I don't have a climber's kit, but we can go buy a climber's kit.


85, 210--


Yeah! 17.


And Drez Vina, right? He's coming, too? He's had a notice to him?


Yeah, I would like to. Do I recognize this?


17 plus seven. 24.


A what to hit?


Is that a bonus action, though? You have to do an action or a bonus action, you can't do both.


Okay, so add nine back.


Three ki?!


Fassbender, lie down. Lie down?


Careful?


That is stupid.


Wow, had to Reckless, huh?


Clang! (laughter)


You're going to get us killed!


There's nothing special about these symbols that they wear around their necks, are they? Just since it is in your interest to keep us alive long enough to build you a portal.


Also lots of love to Kit Buss who's a good friend of the show, and a good friend of ours, and it was so cool meeting you guys from all over the fucking planet, man. Amazing.


Only eight more points of damage.


This is like watching the DND icon crash.


We were in the presence of an attended meeting of individuals.


This is unarmed, ooh, ten total!


I like that our pickle jar is getting filled with little--


You're asleep.


I love that you did it.


And I bow.


Like, an hour a while?


I will go crouch by Nott.


After this fight, there won't be enough people to bring us back anymore. (laughter)


Yeah, can I not kill it at all? I can't kill it?


What is an old gnome song?


Can we turn into clouds, Keyleth, and fly off of our dragon ride and poof inside the titan?


It was expensive.


I saw two down there, correct?


It's weird, too, because I almost feel like bringing the game public and for everybody else, and the fact that we're doing it weekly, it's almost bled the reality lines even more, because now they are like, "oh, yeah, totally. Clarota. Yeah, we totally know who you're talking about." And so we're like, "yeah, Clarota, right?" You guys know Clarota. And we're getting fan art.


I'm okay with at least going to do some recon.


I feel within a tinker theory is how figuring out how much diamonds--


Oh, not in my hair.


Okay. I snap at Frumpkin, and he vanishes, and I reach out, and Frumpkin appears. I am now within ten feet, I would assume, of the top of the building, so Frumpkin is on the roof. (teleportation noise) I want to send him to look-- Then I hop down off of Ford and put my hand and steady myself on Fjord and have Frumpkin look for any holes in the roof, or if there's a skylight, or anything. Probably not, but it's worth a try.


You're right. We need to be stealthy up in the trees.


I don't know. Back in college.


None, no more buttons or levers out there? Nothing else?


But you can't?


Do you want to see something?


But we could bamf there right now.


Oh, shnikes!


So brave.


I'm good at those.


We got to look at our map.


Maybe I'll decide after our match.


We'll wait a few hours to see if he shows up and then we'll cast it to see because we need time to be able to do it.


Oh, then now it's over.


No, it's a special occurrence when she performs.


What do I add, my spell modifier?


Do we have a plan?


That's Travis's!


Yep, okay, this is Great Weapon Master. With adva-- with the inspiraton.


Oh yeah. I've brought them into the mansion and have put them downstairs. The servants are taking them down.


I'll use my Fury Of The Small. That's another five points.


On second thought, I'll just read some books tonight,


It's good, yeah.


(shouting) We'll come to your house with your share of the reward. (laughter)


It's a manticore head.


Oh, that's easy. Tom Hanks, for sure. (all laugh)


Yeah. (rage noises)


I never said I was smart.


Oh, nine. So 15.


I give him a hug and a kiss on his cheek.


So tell Kevdak. Sorry, fuck! Tell Zanror his finest warriors, his druids--


Did you not just hear my father--


Well done, Scanlan.


What's in the cave, Keyleth?


Do I have four? No, I just have one throw.


Instinctually, I do evasion, if it's dexterity. I rolled a 12 plus-- 22.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father, who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear, her own stolen trinket, (bear growling) to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable and gives expert massages. Welcome back everyone. So, know that you're a little more affiliated with the characters, let's get this party started. So as a head's up, I wanna let you know, once again, we're waiting for the charity elements of this stream to open up again, since the big charity that happened a couple weeks ago. Once we do, we're gonna be taking donations, half to go to help run the channel, the other to donate to 826. Marisha will explain that here in just a second. As a head's up, Ashley, who plays our cleric, Pike, unfortunately couldn't make it again this week, because she's busy filming amazing stuff with her career being amazing. But she says she's sad she can't be here. She loves you guys, and as soon as Pike can re-enter the campaign, hopefully in a couple weeks, all awesome gnomeness shall double. So also tonight, there was a goal to try and hit 1000 subscribers on the channel. So what we're gonna do is, we only have 130 people to subscribe tonight. If we can get all 130 before the show ends this evening, we're gonna do a random selection of a person within those thousand subscribers to win a copy of the Player's Handbook signed by all of us, as well as a really, really cool image that was tweeted out earlier by Geek & Sundry, also signed by all of us. So, go ahead and pull your friends, see if we can get some more subscribers before the show's out tonight, so hopefully that'll be fun. So, Marisha, if you wanna go ahead and explain a little bit about the charity 826 we'll be plugging in the near future. Yes, 826 LA is a non-profit charity organization that helps kids though the age of six to 18 with their creative and structural writing skills, and they also help teachers and yeah. Good artsy creative things. So donate, and definitely visit the Time Travel Mart.


The A-team?


The one that Keyleth's attacking.


If it dies, I gain seven hit points.


Yeah, and I'll light up my hands.


I think they were going to bed, but we can try.


Half-cover's fine. So, if I were to knock him prone, would he fall off the roof, or could I try and push him off the roof? These are my--


I untie the purse and I hand it over.


You know, I can stand outside with him.


It's just not pretty enough. It's really not pretty enough. We've already won something here.


I have no idea what his name is.


You got to get a camera on this shit.


I'm sorry. I just saw that she had pencils.


The binder that Vex carries is much, much better.


Sure. Whoever gets you will be a very lucky man.


It seems like they're not looking right now.


From the three that were walking around?


Oh god, that weird poetry! (all laugh)


It's a gift.


That would be fine! I would much rather do these! I would do these for money every day! (laughter)


A rockslide continues onward. Slick, dry.


You know, for someone who hates the theater, you've made quite a show of all this. (All laugh.)


32, halved is 16, which is eight.


Do you have a bonus action?


So listen, right? Either we stay and do some recon, or we take out the other guy that's walking back to the city. Really shouldn't be a problem. But if they're all in there, 50 strong, I don't think we're quite ready for that. The sneaky fucks in our group could go take a look, if you're feeling randy.


Against a powerful entity?


Nice. Nine-- Wait, there it is. 21.


Wow, fuck.


I'm not looking in the direction. I'm keeping my eyes on them the entire time he's talking.


But they won't hear?


I'm looking forward to it.


Where did you hear this from? Where did this come down from?


It's a strategy chub, all right.


He's still going to hit me. A d10.


Where's Kynan at?


Oh, fuck.


That's her turn?


I’m not taking advantage.


Is it filled with smoke in here?


There is a Wednesday Club. We're doing Comics 101, it's going to be our intro to how to read comics! The notion is like the show that you would show your grandmother, or your friend who's never apparently seen a written word next to a picture before. They do exist! I'm sadly not going to be there, but Amy and Matt are going to throw together something really, really awesome, and I'm going to be helping out from the sidelines, throwing them stuff, because I'm going to be out of town. But yay.


We'll have several problems if Keyleth dies.


How do you like them tentacles now?


I cursed you!


Okay, hold on.


Definitely take your armor off for this, though. Definitely.


Good day.


It's hard to show off eyeliner.


Shit yeah! CANNONBALL!


Can I send the vine to him?


Okay, please do. Okay okay okay, that's 17 again. Nope, sorry, 15. Keep looking at the wrong numbers.


I didn't mean to do that. I was really nervous. But it's an 18, so 25. You know what, Percy? So I'm going to talk. I'm going to be like: Look, river. I'm your friend. I don't want any tension between us. I'm just trying to make it across you, you know?


Acrobatics? Is this an acrobatics thing?


All right. Don't be stupid. Oh, stupid. That's a natural 1, that's what it is.


It's like a mom lifting a car.


Loaf is a good name. We have  WC, Lou, John, Crapper, Toilet, and Loaf.


I'm walking up.


Maybe she owes us one after this.


Matt does control the music while we play.


Look, it was something new, I'm still working out the kinks, all right?


Tongue bath.


I want to be close enough to Jester in case anything happens.


Yeah. MVP.


I'm assuming no more than a kitten's worth.


While this is all going on, I'm going to cast Message and send it to Caleb and say: There's something in the water! There's some argument happening. Something's going horribly wrong, Caleb. We should get out of here! You can respond to this message.


On yourself?


Read book good.


So that would be 2d4 plus my strength modifier, because it's a natural 20.


Everyone's backing off.


Ew, no.


18. [cheering]


No, I'm just seeing if I can track the dude I put a Hunter's Mark on, is all.


Get in position and then wait.


G.


Is there anybody I should keep a special eye on? (all laugh)


What the fuck happened to your face? Shit.


I'm sorry. I'm a genius! I'm sorry! Sorry! Oh god, I'm clever.


Yeah! Sure! You guys have fun collapsing.


I was, like, tracing the rope.


That's a 23.


(singing) How are you? I'm fine. Everybody else is too.


I was going to say, I would have flipped them if I had known.


It's true, there were like a bunch of slimes and stuff down there.


Oh god, we got to shop. We got to book shop.


Yes, I am very talented.


Don't we have our cold pack of food?


What color are they? I'm sorry.


I'm useless!


Plus all of the documents that you found!


Can I use the rest of my movement to start running up the stairs?


The guys like to get 'em and put them on their middle fingers, so that you can flick off--


There's five of them.


No, I'm on a different plane parallel to this one.


Who got his flute caught--


Nah, I can't see shit.


It would be great to have a fourth bean, but we're on a ticking time clock.


Do they look like they're traders? Like traders, not traitors.


A bunch of kittens on a man.


Is it old?


It's a couple weeks. (laughter)


That's a compliment. (laughter)


This is a conversation that is happening right now. I'm so amused.


How much is the diamond worth?


It was 12 against the hydra--


Oh. 16.


I'm checking for enemies hiding.


We're just getting over being sick! No cruises!


Do we have to put him in the Bag of Holding, though?


Yeah, let's see the light leave those eyes.


My spell save DC? 18.


You mean do you have the gold?


All right. You guys already sound a little warmed up. (cheering)


Holy fuck balls!


Yep, to the end. Best friends.


Hey Travis, go put this on.


Jester, why did you lie to your mom?


I can't see so I'll stick with somebody.


Oh, my spell DC? 19.


Hi, I'm not here.


A helicopter? A helicopter shot.


Yes, Hideous Laughter.


Ooh, that's pretty good.


Davy Jones.


I know, it smells pretty good in here.


It was just hanging there!


Our producer is gone.


Natural 20. Thank you! Yeah! Motherfucking liars!


If you want to like--


How big around is the tower?


Oh, crap, I forgot about that one.


You just turned 12 years old.


Four?!


Dig in!


Wait a minute-- (gasps) Wait a minute! Those were those guys!


We're bringing her into the bar?


It's up there. You can make it, but Percy can't.


Guys. So many great things available in the store tonight. Those posters? The Scanlan thing. Oh shit.


Can they talk to each other?


I'm going to hit three of them with Bane.


The shadow's not there anymore?


Someone just failed it. Pike!


I put my shoulders back and do the same thing she does. And turn around and wave.


You've never met it-- Well, nevermind.


Yeah, but I can see where he went.


Do we see him go find her?


Too late, he's already getting high!


Yes, let's go talk to the Many.


I've got a plan, follow my lead. This should be interesting.


Well, just in case you're knocked unconscious by, let's say, someone sneaking up behind you and hitting you with a weapon?


If it was bad it doesn't count, but if it's good it does.


Yeah, you guys are way far behind.


Caleb's dead. It's all over.


What does it do? Read it! Out loud, with your mouth.


We just killed him, man.


It's all sterile, it's fine.


What do you have that's unique? Expensive is lovely, don't get us wrong, but we're looking for unique, odd.


Trinket's staying close to Scanlan.


Can we justify murdering six people to have Jester's mom be a little bit better off?


13 plus seven. 20.


I've thought about that a little bit, and then tried not to think about that a lot.


I do the dude at a bar thing and push up my biceps.


Oh my god, so many lagging issues.


949.


Oh. No. Stop. Don't.


I'm covered in-- I mean, I can--


Do I maintain concentration?


(laughs) Oh. I guess I just have my dex?


Does Keyleth see this?


I want to touch on something happening-- I'm not there. We're not there.


Yeah, yeah. Will you buy me new dice as well? Thank you.


I can be like an apprentice. Or an intern. You guys are so powerful and I'm not.


Yeah, that's a good order.


No, wait, sorry. I meant Xhorhas.


(slurring) I don't know, it might be yours. It's hard to tell.


Why would you think that?


Ho-dis!


He doesn't swallow you!


What if she's--


I mean, we did a really good one before. So yeah. We could do that for them.


Not people, don't let anyone know there's people, but there's definitely something interesting.


Plus, I'm one of the carpenters. I've got extra skills.


Do you think it has some sort of icy-like--


I run up to Percy.


Is it squishy?


Right? Maybe he'll start talking to you too!


All right, I'm going to stealthily do some monk (footsteps) up to it a bit.


Grog, are you crying?


There's the city! Shall we storm it?


Don't fuck me, Colville. You fucked me, Colville.


Plus 1d6, oh wait that's actually-- What did I just say? I said ten, 11? And then an extra 1d6?


Co-signed.


Maybe. No Marvel this week! We've got to let DC, and Image, and independent books may give a thing.


What if we Earthquake the titan?


It's the gold thing that came with the original Nintendo Entertainment System. The Game Genie.


Thank you, chatroom! Six!


Asterisk is interested.


Good to know in the future, though. I'm going to save every diamond we find.


That's much better. 26!


Okay. And I get my grit back. So I'm now going to back up against the wall. All we can do at this point is take two more shots at Vecna.


Does our meal help us with that at all?


Do I have to roll for that?


Now go home and get your shine box.


Where are the lives of those who witnessed it?


Still natural?


You become part of it.


I'll bet five gold on Philip.


Cheeky bastard.


Feel it?! I can feel stuff!


He didn’t Counterspell it.


Yeah, they're made of leather.


I've done so well taking girls to 826. I'm not even kidding.


(clears throat) So that's a maybe?


No, I do! This doesn't look like Darktow to me. Darktow is more in a U shape. You really have to go around the whole damn thing to get in without touching the reef. It's a pain in the ass.


Everything's going to be fine.


(takes deep breaths) Do you know what I've done?


Oh, we're leaving this up to a coin flip, now?


Two daggers you said?


He probably does.


The one that got away.


Oh, that was a pretty one.


I follow him up and knock on the door.


Caleb, we're bored! Tell us a story!


I mean, Beau is-- No, he didn't.


Have a lovely day.


We've got to get the horses across.


Right. Made fun of him on the internet, and a large group of-- the Dance Free Movement came Together, flew him out to Los Angeles, and threw a big party for him, so we have the Dance Free Together group coming tomorrow to play Just Dance with us, to talk about their movement and everything like that, so make sure you guys tune in tomorrow, it's going to be a lot of a fun, that's from 7-10PM. And we had a couple more donations really quickly come in. Just wanted to say thank you to--


I'm activating one. I'm pulling a hand down one of my swords and I'm getting it to light up.


Oh well, I'm good. I'm fine, I'm at advantage. Hopefully that's good. Not that good.


What happened on the trip? Rough waters?


Can I scoot back behind that tree to the west?


Well okay, I was going to give anybody advantage, but here you go.


I think I fit in in this town, but they might recognize me.


I'll tell you what I do is, I dab my thumb into my belt for a bit of sweet oil and I rub it on my bottom lip and mutter an arcane word or two and say: I suggest you tell us any details you've been holding back about these people so that we are fully prepared. That is a Suggestion spell.


106. I'm fine.


Super stealth.


Guys, guys, the chatroom just solved the Israeli-Palestinian conflict! (laughter)


You kept it together great!


28. No, 29 perception.


Yeah. Listen. The world has its own brand of shitty depending on whose eyes are looking at it, right? So what is their brand of shitty?


I add a drop of lavender oil and I think we're done.


Ninjas.


Tell us true, where is it?


Yeah, back towards the group.


No, not you, the other guy that's next to him. And can I use a reckless attack--


And there's nothing really in the prison cells, with the exception of one skeleton?


Wait, how do I do anything to it?


All right, all right, all right, all right. Let's go really fast. There's dragons in the world, we don't have time to shop.


Yeah, let's give it a whirl, and I'll make it a reckless attack.


I'm going to fight, both my swords, pop pop, coming down on his head. Don't fuck me, Gil. That's all right, 18.


Two...


We hail from Emon. We're not very flashy. We certainly don't do much in public in Emon. I prefer to make my money and enjoy my money and I don't believe in ostentation.


I'm keeping watch for any workers who might be noticing the bucket.


Wait, Trinket missed? (ricochet sound) (laughter)


Maybe he had to. I don't know.


Oh, okay. It doesn't say that on the thingy. Sorry.


Courting of the Crick.


And Darktow is also an island?


Locate Object lasts ten minutes. If it takes longer to get there, then--


d6? I don't even have a d6. (laughs) Wow. 17.


I'm a little late and I look at the girl and I say: It was you!


I can't control him, you guys. He has a mind of his own. He's a free person.


(airhorn noises)


Okay. I will try to attack. Divine fury, and if I do reckless, does that mean--


Muscle and wang. 500 pounds and a hundred-pound wang.


And up?


While he's talking, I want to fly on a closer tree so I can get a better shot at her.


How many times can you do this?


All right, that's 13 points of damage and he pushes directly away from me ten feet.


I'm going to try and get up and crawl around into the corner right there, get as far into the corner. Am I within 60 feet of Algar?


Frumpkin is pacing back and forth just outside the fence.


You should play some Metal Gear.


What does he mean?


It's a one, so it's a one.


I'm going to bolt in the opposite direction and try and loop around to the south side of the tent.


Not a problem. What happened to you guys?


Three years it's been in the works.


That could help us, because vampires hate the sun.


Are you sure?


Yes. We offer profound apologies for waking you from your slumber again.


I thought it was "no."


Maybe you could be our conduit, the person that brings us to--


He's also not a lapdog.


18 on the second one.


Is there any part in the book that is actually a cipher for its own. Okay.


Oh, she's not coming down?


We've never talked about it. Not once. Because I didn't want to talk about it. I didn't push into your private life. If you wanted to talk to me, and you did, about your daughter. We did. We talked in the sewers of Westruun about your daughter because you wanted to talk about her. We love you, Scanlan, and if you want to talk about your mother or your father, we will. You have not been exactly forthcoming.


Can I dash and go a little bit further and still do an action and lose a bonus action? No, it's either like run or nothing?


You charmed her!


No. There are so many, but I am of a limited budget. I'll think about it if you can help my friend Beauregard with a good price on those.


Yeah. Besides, if it grants a wish. I get the fucking wish.


We were convincing.


Maybe, can you pray for Sarenrae?


Okay. Tiberius!


Okie dokie. Oh! Is there anything else in here? Because this seems like a really cool shop. Is there anything else that I want?


Nasty horn.


I wouldn't do that.


So, wisdom?


Hashtag Team Vorugal.


Just nervous talking the whole way there.


What did you do? (massive explosion)


(singing) Shake it off!


He's a big bear.


The dockmaster is the one person who's in charge of the whole area.


He had said that this thing would help them with having babies, yeah. I would assume if we have it then he won't be able to have babies.


No, we don't, but if we did we should probably deal with it.


Make up for our shortcomings, Taliesin!


All right. I just don't want anyone taking advantage of you.


Smart bear.


We appreciate the courtesy.


The safer side. The further side.


Oh. The skittering creature or the big thing?


How long does the hat take?


They're actually fine. They were on the box.


Caleb, can you Detect Magic on Fjord? Can you sense anything?


Oh god. Are you going to leave that on the whole time?


Okay. I just saw that we are running, apparently.


Let's hop in a tree.


Very easily, actually. That's the easy part.


No, let's not do that.


Yeah, I'm fine. She didn't say no?


(whispering) I want it.


I've seen it, but I don't know it.


Our warm, comfy beds that we haven't gotten to sleep in yet.


Just pull out another d6.


Well, let's think about it.


Look, there's never not a good time to toast.


Feels good!


I'll have a look, as well.


Okay, back to the top. I'm going to do with my two-handed, I'm going to use my quarterstaff two-handed and come down and try and crack it over his head.


That is what he would want to do.


Oh, yes. He sings me to sleep now. It's sort of a ritual we have.


Excuse me, has anyone seen my friend Ve-- You.


I am going to use Diplomacy for the first--


Yeah, hey Vax, oh fuck, it's a rock again.


We were tunneling with the orb, and we found something. An ancient, dwarven artifact. It bends reality. It changed things. It changed my voice! It changed my whole world for a moment. It's still down there. Odell needs help!


Hands up if you're in.


Good day to you, sir!


Whoa, it is?


You're deaf?


We're all going to die anyway.


You are a heavy hitter, we don't know where we're going, what we're doing. He's strong. You're strong, in a way, maybe hang out a little bit longer.


Yeah. That guy.


They're regular.


One more time, we're looking for more traps.


-- just a quick process question, here.


On his loafers.


In Los Angeles, there is no age, only age "rages."


Yeah, I guess let's head there, meet up with these guys. It's probably about that time, yeah?


I get the distinct feeling we will get that chance.


I did it already!


Magic-users or clerics.


Sentinel babes.


More importantly, what was that just now?! Who were you talking to?


(sing) Let the sunshine in. The sun shine in!


Do you want to do that?


We should use it.


How much is that? 35!


What's up, bitch? May I make two reckless attacks?


Would it take my bonus action to say, fire, and light my weapon on fire?


How long does the spell last?


Could I have inspired him at all, when I delivered the materials?


Don't say anything!


Keyleth is standing at the edge of the forest going--


She gets her own cannonball because she's--


I'll try Dispel Magic. Why the fuck not?


Yeah, let's go. They have a spare room for us.


It's very wide. I can't really--


Have you had ghosts try to take you over before?


Magic stuff?


To the Loch.


That was an excellent move by a strong, independent woman who doesn't need a man to tell her what to do. Or to validate her in any way.


It is just rude. He smells so much like feet.


I just really want to see them.


Keyleth, come on, we've got to stay.


Can I get a plate of food from one of the ghosts as proof?


Wait, bucket list as in "hijack a ship before you die" kind of a thing?


I come out. Yeah!


Her, oh thank you.


I cast Pass Without Trace on us so that we can be stealthy. She doesn't have mist form, not until we rest.


"We'll see?" Come on, give me a hint!


Drei.


We'll go to the Alcove.


So you're saying that membership has its privileges?


He did it! Nothing.


Anything that looks not-natural.


Hey, you made it!


Suicidal eagle.


Ooh, that's better. Eight damage.


Do I just fucking go straight for it?


Okay. Tibs. Follow that. Try and keep behind me. And I throw up the hood and go as low to the ground as I can, and I start to Gollum along the floor, looking at the ground in front of me in the dim light, trying to see if I can see any traps ahead of me.


Can I assist Pike in some way since we're both wise as fuck?


I'll stay out here.


I grab it by the ear and lift its head back. You talk about my sister again.


It happened right before I went to sleep.


It's all dick pics. (laughter)


Surprised is like a condition. Like poison, but they know something is--


Somebody asked, "if you accept fan art, would you also accept someone making fight music for the game?"


For distractions. We could do that again and like when we're fighting people--


No, we were in a storm. He wasn't supposed to go below decks, either; that wasn't normally his thing, so it was strange. When he went down there, I saw him. When I confronted him, he threw a dagger into my chest.


I have dried corn and oats and things. Would you peck on these?


I'm going to set the Deathwalker's Ward to necrotic.


And you hired us to go in and do some work.


You're earth elemental?


That's a good hypothetical.


If it works.


I would like an apology.


Your uncle Jameson, and he was definitely telling the truth that he went in the woods?


Fuck. I'm going to try to get his attention and say, hey, stupid! And then I'm going to hit him because that's all I've got.


Yeah, so I'm flanking it.


Mr. Clay, have a seat. Drop a deuce.


We're going up. Straight up.


Aww, poor baby.


You used to give me wet willies in Abyssal class. It's me.


Well then, I can't afford it. I'm sorry. We have to hedge.


And then what? How many minutes are left, and how far are we from our friends?


I don't even know what's going on right now!


Wait, if you could get in to her cabin, you can Disguise Self as well, right? You could change yourself to Vera or something?


I know, if there were slaves--


12 for the first hit.


There's already a merry go round of lights going around Nott's head.


Woo! We’re stealthy bastards.


Yeah yeah yeah, like how can we help you? Why are you hurting?


So over this part.


I take off running towards wherever the smallest amount of people coming--


Three plus seven is ten. 20? Which part doubles?


Yeah, I was going to say.


Firbolgs do not need money.


Personally, this seems like more than I feel like taking on right now. I say we walk away, and you'll know that our silence means that we were trustworthy in the first place.


We could just keep our eyes open.


What time of day is it as we arrive at the Leaky Tap?


Are you talking to her or me?


It was good so I kept it.


I'm going to stopper it and then I'm going to put the extra bottle in the Bag of Holding.


There was a comma there.


It's been a day. I will.


You have everything you've ever wanted, Grog. Congratulations.


He could also be one of the assholes that's serving the dragon, just like people in Emon.


Nostoc Greyspine.


I cover Trinket with snot and tears as I sob into his belly. First night alone, but with Trinket.


Okay. So can I leap off the horse and come down with the axe?


It's like an IMAX theater.


While that conversation happens. Can I speak to you? Just for a second?


So keep him with me?


Sanctuary.


I remember you saying you'd had a bad week, too.


Demistrik?!


Trinket's very thankful.


I have a cup, and it's a vintage cup. I don't need to talk about this. (laughter)


I don't know if we have time for this, but maybe, for old time's sake, because I love you and I know you love me and we share this in common. I thought maybe we could prank Scanlan together. (cheering)


I can get you there. I can make you unseeable, but not invisible.


How does she know there's a J in your name really?


I'm fine. I'm going to put it in my additional notes right now.


What are you pointing at?


How many more rivers would we have to cross?


With Boots of Haste on?


It's locked, it's locked, open it. Open it.


Is that bad that I put that out there?


Oh yeah! Going to lean those up against the door jamb.


All right, let's scoop. We're scooping. I'm scooping.


I'm very excited. It looks great!


I'm going to scout around a little closer to the ground and see if there's anybody. Maybe any of the paths off the main road where someone might be hiding and just run through the trees looking for anything. I'm searching around a little bit. I know we're close to the city, and I'm keeping an aerial view because we should be able to see an awful lot from high up.


I'll give you access to the workshop if you feel like building yourself a lock. Feel free.


Too much. It's too much, dear.


Maybe there's something behind the bookcase?


No, we're not bringing it back. I can do that with the rest of us.


Here, hold on.


Yes, so you're at 17 now.


Yeah, Trinket's in the necklace.


Burn down the-- is there wood in there?


I have all three charges.


We're in a tight spot.


-- summon the dragon. Uh, what?


He's so high up, it doesn't matter right now.


Wait, we're stopping?


Who do you work for?


Okay. Well that is good. He is really happy that I am playing him, because I rolled a one for Grog.


Girl, you can always ride.


Yeah, I'm in the silent bubble.


We're going to want to take a look at these boots. These daggers.


What about this one?


Did we cause some damage to the dragon?


Is the point very sharp?


Am I back to the wall?


When we eventually want to take the temple and kill this son of a bitch, we probably want the shortest amount of distance on land as possible, which means coming in from the north end where Tiberius is pointing.


It was a one, wasn't it?


This is a coup on a grander scale than Whitestone that we're talking about.


I'm pouring a healing potion in her mouth. I'm pouring a greater potion in her mouth.


Oh, so let's not do that. Now, his vanity, he does like being worshipped. So that is the key.


Goddamn it! Okay, so I'm far away from that little bugger, aren't I?


It will still get an attack of opportunity on me, though. Without disadvantage now.


That's okay. It was a disadvantage. That's 27 with a disadvantage with the exploding arrow.


For anyone who wants to stay in here with me.


It's still going to be findable to anybody who's looking for it, though. I would really recommend putting it, I don't know, somewhere where we don't mind it being very specifically found, especially if we're trying to--


That is a good idea.


I hate knowing that she's going to be able to hear all of our plans.


Drop it, drop it!


But I could hear a rumble so I know you guys did good on one of those paths already.


Very small ship. Yeah. Work your magic.


It's a shame they never roll that way when they're attacking.


That's a big one.


You want to put that in my jail?


We put-- behind us.


Look at the size of that.


About what time of the day is it right now?


At least.


I look at him and I say, you fucking broke my stick! I'm going to do an elbow to the face and then another punch with the staff still in my hand and do Flurry of Blows.


23 for stealth.


Do I remember any trees?


Yeah? Grog, we're gonna shoot guns!


Are we short resting or we doing little healies?


Little bit more, please.


But you have to roll for it.


Oh my god, Sam. Oh my god.


How about we strike a deal right now? Because when you go down there, you're going to see murdered crew mates and a U burned into the deck of that ship from where she was trying to summon Uk'otoa.


I have plenty myself. Thank you very much.


Wait. Right, let's just--


I love this. This is the best character ever.


First roll of the night. Yeah!


What if we don't make a distraction. We make them look like prisoners, we still try to be sneaky, but then if we're caught, then we have an excuse.


Yeah, no, please. Fucking say some words!


Sorry, we'll leave.


It's over?


There was a time jump so the glare never happened.


I don't think I can get through that thing, can I? I'll fly up closer to the orb.


You saw something in us. You took a chance, and we're grateful for it.


We follow them.


All right, I do a regular flaming arrow.


Okay. So a little bit of official business. A little bit of your own personal axe to grind.


It does not drive de Rolos towards anything good.


Can I flush out the bottom of the cruise ship and bring whatever treasure is up out of the bow with what water is there? Just kind of (whoof)?


He is so sneaky. I need to train with him more.


There's no benches? Oh, fuck.


Let's turn them. We turn them together.


Another time.


The red.


I can. I just can't get back instantly.


That would probably work at this point, right?


When we will strike! Jester, how do you feel?


Rissa! Because she was in Zone of Truth.


Oh god. We have to-- anything non-essential just throw overboard!


I probably should have told you my real name. It's Lionel.


Can I attack him right now?


Can I communicate?


I'm nervous; I've never done this before.


It's a ten! It's a ten.


We're going crazy down here.


Algar, you're going to be very helpful when it comes to making sure Algar knows who to talk to and the right things to say to get us out, right?


She's like, "We're not there yet! We're not fucking Alice yet."


Oh, that island.


I throw her one of my commons as well.


Yeah, right? Stupid decisions to bring the people you love back to your side. Very stupid.


She's pregnant. She's not dead!


That was very scary. One of them almost killed me!


He has a father.


I don't want to be on an end. I don't want you to be on the end.


Grog! Oh shit. Good job, there.


Okay, I'm stealthily leading us. That direction, towards where the lair is?


Pick up whatever I can.


I still wanted to move a bit and do a bonus.


He's being a dick. I'm going to try and break away and back up, I'm going to try and roll away from him to be on the other side of the rock.


Did you have a dream?


Kash.


You dropped your toothpicks.


I'm going to do the fanatical focus once per day.


No, you go get Simon 2 to go get the crystal.


That's right! I leveled up, motherfuckers!


This is a lot to leave off, that's a lot.


It says that on the paper, Matt?


Are you guys going to fly on me?


Is Fabio on the cover?


That's high, but that's okay.


Well, I disagree with you.


We meet to the west!


Quick question about the planes. Will we travel there, is there any way to, perhaps, get to the fey woods through these planes.


Yeah, get us.


Are you going to check if it's magic?


The bag's closed. You don't see shit.


Somebody wanted to know if any of you guys had ever reached god mode status in past D&D campaigns.


So I can be stable on this thing.


19.


Percy, it's hard not to clearly notice that you're quite distressed, and we're concerned. And you know, we were talking about it-- not that we were talking about you or anything, behind your back or anything-- but we never really found out why you were in that prison cell when we found you.


Sure. Can I ever-so-covertly say to him, you don't want to beat a gnome. You don't want to beat a gnome. I'm casting Suggestion on him.


When you laugh right after you said that, I think that was very insulting. (laughter)


I'm outside Pike's room, weirdly.


No, I can mend it! Caleb.


Yeah! We make a bunch of smoke, the thing is like, "I don't know what's going on!"


Carol and Coral?


I walk up to Vex. And I just say  you know, he loves you very, very much. So very much.


I want to quickly check my gun. Is Lord Briarwood's name still on it?


You sussed it out.


He's covered in shit.


Anytime.


Nine times 300, work that out.


Okay, I'm going to cast Lightning Arrow, and I'm going to attack through my Blazing Bow.


(giggling) Everyone is hiding.


Hey Kiri, show them your music box.


I feel like, Keyleth, a swan dive is maybe not the best idea because I feel like it'll make a lot of noise. Maybe nice and quiet.


Yes, it's my pleasure. It's so nice. Of course, you'll have a tour. In the morning, we'll do a brief tour.


(stabbing sound)


Yeah, it's all but one.


Next time he dies.


You know, I am so anxious right now, and the only thing that is going to distract me is all your fucking freckles, so come to bed, all right? Come on.


And I would like to look around the room and make sure that other people aren't watching us, or if so, where in the bar they are.


That's good. Trinket definitely saved that.


Keg is aroused?


Oh, plus an extra two because I'm a water elemental.


Oh. Sorry, Grog.


Can't we drop it into the Clasp's pipeline?


It was better results than I expected.


Well, it's functional.


I have another request in that direction that might help. If there was a way to spread the word in this city and amongst those who travel, to not speak of us. We should probably not be hailed in this city at all. Our names should be stricken from any record of it.


I like that more.


It is now my turn.


Keep your writing very plain. Not immensely charming--


(laughs) Oh no.


I'm going to listen to it.


Right? I can do that?


But that would also mean Pike burning her 6th-level spell slot.


Why don't we take a rowboat? And I'll just stay above the surface and when you guys are ready, tug and I'll pull you up.


Seven, 22.


Has magic, maybe. Isn't a magical being.


With alligators in the moat?


Your day is just getting started.


That's correct.


Hi guys.


It's a side path that's been blocked.


The fucking deal that I made with your fucking goddess. Who knows if she'll call us out on it, but.


Now coming to the stage!


Yeah! Only four of us. Look, it's been a great ally!


I give him a little bit of a twitch, like maybe I'm the damaged bone devil.


Captain Avantika?


Yeah, but we're in here.


Oh, so I've got to roll a couple more times?


You're low. You're super low.


Wait. Before we do, there are no random nudist giants that have run over in this area, right? There's nobody sees us over here taking off?


Since you haven't been as present in the community for a while, if I am sure that things are adequately defended here, I might go myself to ensure the proper apportionment of funds and to talk to those of our townsfolk who have already left, and perhaps organize them a little more effectively so that they can return.


Oh yeah. My heels were just over like the--


Just throwing that out there.


Okay, I will use my movement to (zip) inside the boat.


Wow! Can I use all of my 30 foot walking speed to run towards the door there where we came out of.


So the Jokers--


Keyleth! No, but seriously. Listen, they've obviously done a fair job of taking care of themselves. We could toss them some coin and wish them well.


He's just gotten a little scar.


Waldok. Well, Waldok, I'll see you later.


Un-Polymorph him.


Ah! (strained) Fuck you. Okay. I Hunter's Mark Sandor. Sandor?


My father will pay that. In full.


Is he competent in a battle?


Sort of a reluctant piracy at the moment.


I'm going to try to hop up and hide in the tree. I guess I'm looking awake in the tree.


Not a single dice in the dice jail.


What? You're going to cut your beautiful work?


I go to Gilmore's Glorious Goods and ask at the front door if Gilmore is there.


He was like Beyoncé. He was one hot Knowles. (laughter and groaning)


No. I want to listen to them.


Well I can do six of them, I can do a lot of pillars.


Is that what you think?


All right. Hold on, everybody. I walk right toward it, perception checking the area around it and the door itself. That's 24.


Oh, yeah. Bruises, right?


So if we're going to try stealth this shit in--


Half-speed. I’m hasted.


Should we talk to him first?


It's one good, one good chest, here. You know what, I will draw you a picture. All right?


You shit in your hand, and you toss it.


For the duration. It just says it becomes frightened for the duration.


No no no. We'll come up with an idea, but, I mean, it's something. Keyleth, is it safe to sleep next to him? Or is he going to attack us when we sleep?


Like how much more powerful?


I am not trying to make you upset or anything, just sometimes it goes away then it comes back. I'm confused.


Then I suppose it would be Grog, me, and Keyleth, maybe?


Do you want to come scout? We're going to scout. Or you can just stay.


We should probably sleep.


Seven for me, because he rattled the damn table, because he's an asshole.


Free Bird!


Research?


Matt's like, uh...


Can I cancel it once it starts getting on me and I'm like, this does not seem right?


We are going to be going to the blessed fields of Elysium from here.


Just leave your post! Go AWOL! Come with us!


Can I inspire her?


No, we should take it off the road.


Bad news travels far and fast.


Just a water bottle.


The new rulers, yeah.


Although they haven't technically attacked... Oh, no.


That’s a ten-foot blade reach.


Hello, Pike.


You can't walk off in the middle of a game of hide-and-seek again. I've been in a barrel for an hour! I fell asleep in there!


Thanks, Wyrmwood. Thanks for Marisha.


I don't know, I feel as groggy as ever.


(laughs) Unless they're caught, in which case, you've got two of our members against the entire palace guard.


Okay. Unless I should maybe stay here, waiting for it?


Can I keep an eye out for any movement ahead of us or around us?


Oh, we already took the whole deck.


Well, you said you have things that will fuck you up right, so what would that be considered?


Well, that's a complicated conversation, but no.


The spell says I know the school of magic for what's on these things. You able to tell me that?


What if she dies?


She's actually shot all of our photos from the very beginning. She's freaking amazing.


It's going to knock the beard off your face.


Into the river? Like it goes into the water?


See, I like these literal examples. Because I've only read flowery poetry that makes it talk about--


I've changed my mind. I want to go to Marquet now.


Is it copacetic?


I want to see what else is in the sack before-- We shouldn't negotiate until we know everything.


Have any of you seen Thor  Ragnarok?


They're so cute over there.


(deadpan) No, don't, stop.


What were you going to do? Are you going to fight the Raven Queen for me?


Can I try to Cure Wounds again, on Vex?


Level five?!


Catwoman outfits.


Top three faves.


Well, I mean, it wasn't a hotel to me. We had a lot of the top floor.


Grog's running in.


Oh! The hand touch! No!


By Mr. Mistoffelees?


Guys, let's all cluster up at the bottom of the stairs.


I've taken almost 100 points of damage in this.


I have ten gold.


Well, we're in a rush, but if it's easy. How do you come by potions in this town?


And I practice my curtsy. Because I've seen Vex and Keyleth do it, so I think everybody does it.


An explosive rune.


(chuckles, sighs) The bravery of Vasselheim remains evident on this day, and you all should be proud that your reputation of a city unfallen by invasion or attack remains, and that is only because of the faith and the bravery and the strength of the citizens of this amazing city. We of Vox Machina are proud and honored to have fought by every single one of you, and we vow to continue to stand by your side through the rest of our days. Huzzah!


I saunter on the boat up next to Grog and go, "Excuse me." As I open the bag of holding and take out the magic carpet (sound of carpet unfurling), and I hop on that.


I assure you, sire, this gnome has many songs, a very tiny instrument, and--


(laughing) There you go!


We can heal our 1d6 plus three.


That would be good for Scanlan.


Wait, okay. Oh no. 19 minus five. 14.


I don't like it! It's scary!


You're a little cutie pie!


Kymal, where they're still accepting refugees, or they can wander off into the desert.


You're calling someone?


(sing-song) I will never tell.


Strength check?


Well, thank you for your time. I think we'll find our way back down to the belly of this tavern.


Yeah, going for broke again. Reckless, great weapon master, all three.


It's only the things that make granola good that make it not vegan.


I slide my hand under the sheets, and I feel that thread count.


Yeah. Your AC is up, an extra action.


It just happens.


Yeah? What was it like?


It's fine. It's water under the bridge. It's fine. It's all right.


In the sea, certain creatures like to make homes of vessels. You want to send in your--?


Wow! Pretty decent, good for you.


We still have to go through the fungal forest, right?


Negative two.


I'm kidding.


I obviously can't hit it so--


Well, it was mainly Caleb. We had to get out. I mean, it was a bad place.


Do you know what she does?


Oh, Magic Missile.


Shit. I've got to get out of here. Are you okay, Pike?


That's actually in the text thread chain.


We need-- listen to me. We need Kima with us, but Kima doesn't have time for fucking drunkards. You might not be, but some of us are a little drunk. So, while that's going on, we wait a day, right? And while that day is going on, we watch Grog pummel some person's face in.


And I say, fuck you!


Seven hit points, right?


Where did you leave her?


Hold on. Oh here it is.


That's a 12. So that brings it up to 21.


There's another... there's another campfire.


No, it's the difference of a day or two, right?


I love you!


You're fun to fucking drink with.


Wait, why didn't I get to go?


Oh, that's good! Okay, yeah, that's really hard to see, sorry, 'cause of the light. That's a 17.


No premonitions of a curse from Wilhand?


Hellish Snap.


Sorry, guys watching. Sorry.


This is like an order invoice that I have, right?


Pardon me?


We're following behind you guys right here.


(deep voice) Hey guys.


I feel like I got his rage and his ferocity.


She's re-dirtying me for me!


Do it. Full blast.


(like Fjord) Eldritch Blast.


You've got luck.


"I love you."


She's not in her right mind.


I'm going to take a shot at one of those nasties that have followed them through, since that seems to be a good use of my energy right now. First shot is a 29 to hit.


Okay, okay, okay. I come out of the form. Yes, thank you.


It's all empty?


You've a lot to do.


Poppin Drok-- I won't. I won't speak. I'm not going to speak.


I turn to the barkeep and say, well, what was that? Do you know? Have you heard that before? What is that?


Yeah, he's blind.


I'm going to dig a hole just in case. This Red Dawn thing.


Vax, check for traps!


We will have a discussion later. In the meantime, do you know what that thing in there is and how do we stop it?


The warden garden.


Yes! Oh my gosh, get so much gold!


Maybe she's learned the error of her ways.


Is there any benefit to showing Captain Avantika the letter that I think she wrote?


All right, well. If you want to follow me, I'll take you to your seats and I'll stand beside you the whole time.


Ship. He just shipped all over.


You should plant one on him.


Is it sparkly?


Were you going to leave a tree?


And we can camp just outside the city, maybe?


Kylre's been around for a while, though! And this is new, right? I feel like-- Was there nothing?


(sings) He doesn't need it.


Yeah. Weird.


I didn't-- I take out my wire-- I didn't see anything move. I think it might just be a cart.


No no no, not that pit. In the big pit. And rest. And that way we're blocked from view.


She just charged two gold for garlic.


I know. We'll keep them together. If all else fails, fake a heart attack. Everyone will go to your aid, and then when they save you, we'll be like, "Yeah, we saved him, yeah!"


Ashley Johnson. Clutch. Bicoastal Roll.


Does gravity continue to carry it down?


Or a favorite spot.


We'll hold it.


I feel like we shouldn't, either.


Yeah! Are we misting?


How about we get into the docks first so we can get some crew?


Yeah. No. It's--


But of course, Captain. What are we, monsters?


Well, if we go back, though, what if he wants to cash in right now? I gave him the bracelet. Deliberately.


Sorry. You've got to-- nah, I'm not going to say it.


You guys were good. You guys gave me all the leftover stew that you had.


He's a beast.


I was a dancer.


Dex, thank you. (raspberry noise)


Do I have that right?


Oh, oh yes. I've been voice directing this cartoon called Home, based on the movie Home with Dreamworks and they just announced today that it exists. So it's coming out in a week, and it's going to be really good. It's a really fun show. Zaniness.


Well, I rolled a two!


That's true, you can go shopping more.


It's a critical stealth!


Wait, you can call them to you?


How much damage do you do? Because you hit it.


An overhead cam? An out-of-focus overhead cam?


(singing) Mini-box.


(laughs) Tim Burton?


I'd like you to sing to me, either in the game or on another day.


If I may, Orly, you seem to be very familiar with the Diver's Grave and the song. Do you know anything more specific of it and creatures that might be in that area? Things to look out for?


Vasselheim is getting fucked royally now, or soon.


Hi, Travis.


How did the rakshasa know to find us here? How did Hotis know.


Here, maybe like a sleeping bag, and I'll sit on it and you can wrap it up?


No, we didn't! You came at us with your sword out.


We defeated the people who left me in a horrible state, I think we will have no problem defeating the people who left him.


Hi! Are you Grace?


What will you give me for it?


That might be campaign over.


Oof. Drop the fucking--


Okay. So the people that I point to. Could you just draw each of them please?


(sings) Come to my window!


Yeah, man!


Right. Okay, let me think on it a bit. Nott, you had a request?


Oh, right. A little lavender oil right in the corner.


You should have looked at it more!


I will jaeger Pike, Grog, and Vex. It will be fine. "Titties. Let's do it."


Have you ever used Diplomacy?


And then Vax goes, "Wait a second, Larkin was a dragon?!" (laughter)


Be fast and stealthy.


You're such a shithead.


I actually have a spell, while I was reading through my book last night, catching up on spells that I kinda forgot about. I learned something called Hallucinatory Terrain, where I can make the entire terrain look like whatever I want.


That's what I was thinking. Can we move it to the second week?


Gah. 19.


Kill that fucking dragon.


There's no save. This is it.


That means it would be extra strong, yeah.


I didn't, because you're less of a threat.


I'm just going to try to meditate on the strange death and see if I can feel anything.


That he shielded off?


Oh man. It's just a robe. It's her dress, basically, and it gives you resistance to piercing damage.


(laughing) That is the stupidest death!


What? I thought they were Pike's people.


Fire also did bad things to it and it didn't regenerate. `


I would talk mad shit to the white dragon on behalf of the green dragon. I would rep the green dragon.


What's a movable rod?


Tie the rope onto it.


I mean, he doesn't have to take it off!


So, do I get to attack and then move into the combat round where I got a natural 20 plus five for initiative?


Wow. Rolls really well, too. I'm sorry, I don't actually even remember why I asked for it.


Sam, can you take a new picture and send it to me?


So my jump distance is also doubled for the turn. Can I be like, parkour, parkour, and jump. I'm going to try and jump up here.


See player characters killed live in Indianapolis!


I'm going to say--


I'll leave my coat here. I'm not dragging that into the water.


Yes, save more time to doing so. Let's start moving. And you’re looking for bad physical things.


Areski!


I was going to say Yasha can take out the Magician's Judge and start cleaving machete-style through the brush, making it far easier for us to move.


We're going round by round?


No. No, he won't claim him. What can we do?


Places everyone, places!


I want to make a lasso again. A lariat. Maybe with a little stinger on the end. Just to listen.


I mean, I could mist, I could Wind Walk us. Do we want to Wind Walk it?


Who was in our room? Did you send anyone to our room?


I let him go. I take a shit on his bed -- no, I'm kidding.


One mile of the warded area.


Is she full of bullshit?


How do you learn if you don't ask?


There's a red filter.


All of their magic was necromantic.


I click my Boots of Spider Climbing and spend an action surge to draw and start taking shots at the wings. I want to drop them out of the air.


I'm always making breakfast. I'm not going to even use the weird plants.


I've been called worse.


I am going to move into the room and sit down on the floor between the cage and the door, pressed against the wall.


What are you talking about? I'm on my way to go give those guilt trips.


Vord, does this need to be attuned? (laughter)


Do you have to roll for this?


15 feet. I'll draw and shoot.


If you can survive the Extra Life game...


Oh okay. Great. Which is 2d10, right?


No, it's gone, you're done.


We ride!


I'll hide as suitcase. I'll be a bundle.


You should start charging admission at the door.


Okay, good. 27.


We're either going to win, or we're not. I was hoping you were going to take care of that.


With who?


Oh yeah. I ask permission to any animal I interact with, anything I eat, and it's always a conversation.


Yeah, we'll pretend to take a stroll.


Yeah, Aliens. Such a badass, Vasquez.


It's a divide that goes from ceiling to floor, right? It's not some fucking uvula that's hanging right there, waiting to dangle?


Fire trap. Rock trap.


No, I bet on Grog, if you remember correctly.


I'm going to go to my history knowledge and try to base it on one of the famous castles from my youth, of my land.


(singing) Her head is on fire!


Sure, why not.


Do not take us for fools who just walked in here without a clue.


I'll admit, this is new.


To be fair, this isn't The Iron Shepherds' hideout, we said, right?


She's got a fucking sword in her! Can I help her?


That looks like fine fruit. Where would you go to go shopping for things here, market-y things?


Yeah, yeah, be in a closed airtight space with a firearm, that will do wonders for your ears.


You can with their new upgrade.


Look, I gave him a dice and he gave me a dice.


And he's in 16-bit every time! (laughter)


Okay, the next thing I'm going to do is, I'm going to concentrate really hard and I'm going to try and conjure Hex to see if it works.


Can I try to drag Tiberius away from the magma?


I play Scab and a bunch of war boys. So check it out! Because I work with this guy here!


Conjure Barrage.


I catch up to her a little bit. Hey, Avantika.


Yeah, that's a good question.


I'll do an arcane check.


Schmidle of a one.


So, you're lying.


And then, as a bonus action--


It'd still be your place.


I feel like I did, didn't I? When he was in--


I mean, by all reality, we barely know each other.


Probably. Come here.


Okay. Very clear.


So.


Months and months.


Yes, so I get a negative two to attack.


We should buy that.


So wiping the blood off probably wouldn't work?


That's true! I don't need it. I have a broom!


She only saw me and--


It looks like some kind of boat.


That's about as well as this night could've gone for you.


That's so kind of you.


I'm behind her doing this.


I guess, yeah, probably. (laughs) I will, I guess, save my life and Dimension Door out of there.


I walk to step in between.


It's very urgent business.


25-feet-up balcony, and other balconies above that?


Shady deals happening over there.


Sprinkle is here.


He is that guy you meet on the corner of Sandy Alley.


That sucks. That's a one and a two, so I think both of those fucking miss. That's incredible.


Oh. I went a long time without one, as well. It feels wonderful to finally have someplace to settle down.


Fucking shit. Not good. Seven.


Get the Hand Cone out!


That's fine. All right. Not great. 18.


I know the pain you're feeling right now. I know the rage. I know every moment of it, and I guarantee I can make it worse. I can make it so much worse. Fix this. And join your beloved.


He comes up never.


Yeah. We try to get in.


Are Vanessa and Merkin around?


There's a fourth?


Ooh, I like it.


I'm against the close side of the wall.


Okay, the first one is a 20.


We're eventually going to have to tell somebody in charge what's happening. But to Sarenrae! Let's get this ball rolling.


Did you say Fernando?


And he tried to get with you?


Upper middle class? Lower middle class?


Wow, you've never looked cooler in your entire life.


That's cool. Favorite nerdy t-shirt.


There's so many things!


Yes! That's awesome!


I feel like that uses way more time because what's going to happen is once it happens, it's all going to go to shit. So once we drop it, we should probably just fucking go.


We can't ask Siri here, we don't know.


Well, I was also hoping, oh, and explode it as they run by--


Yeah, no, that's why I said never mind.


Pretty quiet.


I'm also going to distribute-- I made everybody a potion of healing, so everybody gets--


That's five points of damage and two points of extra damage.


I'm going to Toll the Dead.


And I can't move any closer to the sphinx at this point, right, because of the fear?


I need you to make a rig, like in a video game. Can you do that?


That red light on Matt's face is so telling.


Hey, don't eat my girlfriend. I just got her.


It's like Bigby's Paw?


I start walking towards the--


Are you just going for that, or is that going to mean something?


Wouldn't that be cool if you were just pep-talking us all the way down here?


We gotta go there. It's fire everywhere!


It's two o'clock in the afternoon, you said? When we woke up?!


It was the inspiration!


Okay. Yeah, it was 20.


Okay, I'm going to do the old crouch. Not that she needs it, but crouch in front of Keyleth. And then I have my hasted action for an attack and bonus action for an attack into the other one. 29, and the second one is higher than 29. I'm going to dump Smite into it. Three-- you're making me mess up the math, Laura!


Okay. I got 15.


This would not have been possible without your help. Thank you for everything.


I know, it's wonderful. Do you like him?


Oh, this guy's going to die.


It was good before!


And I take off running to the west tower. So we don’t see the guy outside of Percy’s room?


It's like inspiration.


So that means I roll twice?


Sure. Oh, yeah, she's-- Weird place to put popcorn.


Sure. To the fancy place?


Oh, my eye! Why does my eye hurt so much? (laughter)


(counting) So 500.


Doctor Strange. Use 'criticalrole' for 10% off your Loot Crate guys, code 'criticalrole'!


All right, quick.


Oi. Vax. Are you naked?


Let's do the one that is surrounded so I get like, what, flanking bonus or something.


With cinnamon, right?


They live in the Underdark. There's no real time there.


Have we technically had a short rest since we were basically just manacled walking for a while?


Save it for later.


That's what I'm hoping for.


I'm ready for Monster Hunter.


We're all going to die when we're goofy looking. [dramatic music]


Gustav.


There's a dragon!


It means he's lucky again.


Laser.


I would like to insight the sovereign just because, reasons.


If Scanlan were here, he'd say, "We need to capture the giant," by the way.


Another Scanlan who could easily be destroyed.


Yes. Very fancy.


Hey, Mom.


Why do you want that?


It's a seed of power, Grog.


Anything within 30 feet of Caleb.


Just him. Mr. High Charisma.


You can put his cloak on right now.


I go  (shouting) Work!-- into it.


That’s better. That’s 21.


Everyone else can get their little run-around of Westruun done while we sit making a robot.


The Siren?


It's going to look weird with a cloth over it, but please, go ahead.


The closest destination. Would the Crossroads be good? Maybe get us to the Crossroads?


Metal poisoning, yes.


I pat Tiberius on the back as I pull him along. Run!


I want to check for anything unusual, if there's anything iffy about the rooms.


I believe that's 228 gold each.


Every little bit helps.


Pull up, I'm still wearing my tin hat and I pull up my hood from my elven cloak, and I go stealth. And I am stealthed, because that's a 32. And I have a look around outside the door.


Who's over here?


So it's fair to assume that at the other end of this is something old, something trapped, something hungry.


Waiting for you to go first?


Leading to Berleben.


Oh, he's not here!


Yeah, I want him to eat a bag of holy dicks. Now explain that, please. Make it sound great.


What'd you roll? What'd you roll?


I don't think it's the faces that keep this light from fading. I think it is what it is. We're lucky to experience it, a few are lucky to think it's beautiful. You taught me that. I don't have to appreciate this. Especially not after what I've seen. But I do.


Can I do a check?


I'm going to-- I mean-- I already used a bonus action to disengage, so I can't take a healing potion.


(yelps) Un-Polymorph!


Who's got the best night vision?


From our vantage point can we see the two lava flows that we were warned about?


Right. Yep. Was totally kidding about the bacon, Craven Edge. Well, I'm excited about this partnership. Clearly we will be a force to be reckoned with. By the way, can other people hear you?


This city still stands. You have carried out a miracle.


I feel violated, but thank you.


Hey, man!


I'm Franklin Delano Roosevelt!


We'll make it that, though.


Should I cast Pass Without a Trace on us again? Are we running out of time on it?


Is that my action? No, it's...


One for us, one for him? Two meat pie-- sorry, three meat pies!


I won't get any use out of it.


I got a booby.


Because it fails, does that still take up all my action? All my whole thing?


Should I read it?


You can use some of this-- one of the glass, my potion-- what do you call those fucking things?


Five, you have five of those.


But I'm doing--


Awesome. You don't necessarily have to tutor if that's not your jam. You can do many things, right?


Yeah, it's like Vax, near the end.


I've got a Marilyn Monroe thing going on in my air elemental, oh.


I'm not done, I'm still working on something.


Excellent names in this place.


As we're moving through, can we clock sort of what's being kept on the ship? Are there cells, are there barrels, are there packages of things?


Give Gilmore a hug for us, will you?


It wasn't a one.


Your personal manservant.


Thank you, but count to ten. And now I drop them and go over to my sister.


I mean, the Chained--


She was busy doing push-ups on that cruise.


You'll see. It's not really that complicated.


Plus, we'd just abandon this entire revolution that we caused?


I mean, I can carry this box with me all the time, but don't you think it's weird to carry around a box all the time?


For half of my druid level, we discovered.


Wow! Where are we?


Okay. Different chains than regular chains?


Wait, does Trinket smell anything having to do with-- can he smell a different smell? Can he smell the evil Hilda?


You're doing great.


I want to go.


It is today. That's what's on the menu.


If you want that for Caleb--


Do a what?


Aww, yeah! High five!


Let's not test that.


Okay. The claws. Oh, I'll take that 19! 30. Oh, sorry. 29.


I was sleeping in the room.


You never want me to go with you, I could've helped you find Kaylie, and you didn't ask me to.


Do we want to try and run one more time before we--


Come on. (laughter)


I got the feeling it needs to be fed blood often.


You're meeting Fjord, and you're meeting Caleb, and you're meeting Caduceus, and you're meeting Yasha.


You would be doing better if you edubated every night.


I'm just checking for-- I wanna be sure I'm rolling what I'm supposed to--


We've got a trip to take, so perhaps when we get back, we can audition some new candidates. That'll be fun. You'll enjoy that.


Is that what you call it?


Is the dragon still on the ground, or is it--


Are they in our magic box?


Area of effect, y'all.


Take it easy there, champ.


She knows her history.


No, they're inorganic. I can't do anything to those.


Second floor's better than first floor, anyway.


Concentration. Can't use something else. Committed.


Well, as I said on our previous meeting, we have vetted appropriate people for the task at hand, which has been completed. That is all you need to know.


No, but did they know you? Did they come up and give you a name?


He's a terrifying fighter. Just make sure he's on the boats!


Does it look like it's got its eyes closed?


Okay, this is not a ranged attack on any level, I can't counter because it's not a ranged attack. Okay! This is just going to suck. Ah! Well, that's nice.


12?


Critters, we love you. Thanks for watching the show.


--balanced breakfast!


I'm also going to dump 20 hit points of Lay on Hands on my own damn self.


We actually had a Critter tweet us how much water.


Has blindsight-- ugh.


I'm going to go look-- I'll look in his room and then I'll look in the temple to the Raven Queen that we have.


Don't get dragged!


She's amazing. Every time. Every time.


That was great work, though.


Wake her up.


Are there any people?


Well, no I wasn't trapped, but you know--


Your friends are going to be watching the show in under a month.


You should get the mithral shirt, it adds something to your --


It's 9 00am, the doors just opened!


I'm already rolling Vax.


Ugh. I did until it bounced.


It didn't?


And everybody else gets a normie as well.


Oh boy. Do I trust your face?


Sounds terrible.


We'll just peruse, yeah. We'll window shop.


If you were trying to hide doing something to someone it's a great candidate. If I was trying to get away with something, terrible idea.


I mean, if you can flip them off the roof that would be awesome.


Take us as in-- Grog, can you ask them, take us as in lead us or on their back?


You're doing--


We play D&D.


She's going to die.


Yeah, 15 feet around me.


Pour one out for your homies.


Oh my god, that's so cool.


That's a shame, we brought this half-barrel of ale right here and some--


Swamp pun?


It's like Gravity.


No, I don't know a smuggler. I don't know anybody in this city.


I'll tear off a sheet of ribbon off of my sleeve and I'll wrap it around his forearm like a tight tourniquet.


When it's time.


I'm half sea monster!


That's cocked. You've got to take the good with the bad.


And that he always has a place in my home and I know I would love to-- I'm sure at this point, fully rebuild the temple in Vasselheim. I think things have gone well with Scanlan. Oh man, I'm getting so emotional.


Where are we hiding?


Here, let me give you the script.


Yeah, I haven't cast anything that breaks that.


I still worry if you care.


I can actually make a 15 foot large box! We could all fit in it!


Which one's got the better mouth?


Oh, I love you so much!


It is. Why? Do you want to pet him?


Keyleth, can you-- Kiki.


I rolled 11, so another one point of damage.


Yep. Whoa, that's nice. 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23. 27. That hits. That's ridiculous.


And 3d8 plus--


And I just sprinkle some on myself, and I turn my scales silver.


Sometimes music calms the savage beast. You could sing to him.


Yeah, I'm not going to move far away.


That wouldn't have been any better.


Us three. Oh. That was bad.


It’s me, Jester!


(whispers) She's a tiefling!


I thought it was much closer than that.


Yeah well. C'mon Sarenrae.


I'm gonna go ahead and turn into a squirrel and hide in your pocket.


Think of the gigs of erotica that could just exist out there.


(happy scream) 16! (all laugh)


I was thinking the whole time, I was like-- dicks.


I think I know that.


Like a baby. Like a baby Shorthalt.


I had ten, yeah.


I pull the diamond out from my coat and get ready, and I hold. As soon as I see the spider, I'm going to release Chromatic Orb.


Might just poke through the the thing. Why don't we do something that won't poke through?


You're just giving the broom away now.


Do you see where he goes?


I'm following Percy.


The guy that Grog hit is outside of my range?


I mean, I certainly don't see him in the flesh, so no.


Nice work, Yasha.


Just to be clear, you would say that the river is probably our safest mode of entry into the bog?


Shocking as that is.


It's like Attack on Titan. That's cool!


(laughs) Yeah, doesn't make any sense, does it.


You're not disintegrated?


Like Halley's Comet, you always come around.


Thank you guys for tuning in.


I'm going to go get coffee.


The holiest place on the map.


Do you get ki points on short rests?


You might not be getting this back, Scanlan.


Every time! Every time!


I'd like to, with my darkvision.


Just looking for good conversation.


Look, you guys don't have a lot of time for your friends. The ones that are captured.


People don't tell us to stop if they're not afraid of what we're doing.


I did; I tried!


At the end of the night, it's going to be up in the rafters!


We both stand a little taller, and try to look more noble.


So you didn't go in, you saw it?


Does she still hear me?


Okay. Well, shit. I'll move towards the dragon a bit.


Hey, are you guys going to hold a Critter contest to name your child?


What is holding the thing that's floating in the sky aloft? Is he flying? Is he supported on a column of fire?


We have a chalice room.


It's early enough maybe we should just--


Wait, is this it? Is this where we're supposed to be?


I would propose-- I just rolled a 17 on perception to see if Caleb noticed Nott even do that.


Yeah. Let's do this.


That is 26, the last one.


A very old dead person. Could be ancient.


No, I know, I didn't know why I proposed, that's stupid.


I tighten my grip on her a bit.


Excuse me, Sovereign Uriel, perhaps I'm speaking out of turn here, and I haven't consulted with my fellows here, but you did mention that you've been mind-controlled twice now, and as council members, this doesn't sit well, and--


I'll drive for a bit.


Heh, no, I think that's pretty clear.


What if we use it? What if we use it and it just repels them?


It's that black orb!


Did you just say that out loud?


As I leave, I flick the Wand of Smiles at him again.


Whatcha got?


Oh, wow, okay. That hits! That's an 18.


That is a 24 to hit!


Yeah, it is scary. He says a lot of things. It depends on the context, you have to sort of figure out what he's saying. But he can say that, he can say one word. It took a lot of money to do that, but it was worth it. He's also got a couple of upgrades. He's got a waterproof slot for the book inside of him so he can store my book.


I'm Scanlan.


Not good. Eleven.


19, that's it.


Yeah, he's probably sold all the people that were hanging out with him last time.


It'll be our thing. Like we're bunkees. We share--


I feel like Nott's head comes out of the hole, going (rapid gasping) for fresh air.


I get one?


Oh, because of the Silence. I'll dissipate the spell so I can hear him. Were you trying to say something, Thorbir?


You couldn't bring a horse back from the dead, could you? Just didn't know how far your abilities stretch.


How do you like me now?


The instruments are noncorporeal, I believe.


She's going to be doing the worst American accent possible.


That's a fast burn, that's not going to last very long.


Start it in the tavern!


Okay. All right, I'm sitting on the beholder.


Can I see anything from that point?


What if I hold onto you and push you along?


Correct? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I wanna be over here-ish.


Yeah, 2d12! That doesn't count because it jumped out.


But you did make a bunch of those herbs.


It's important to remember that you don't-- (laughter)


You're kidding me!


Can I see anything immediately in the--


Do I remember anything from hitting the books in school of some gods?


Vanessa. You're very strong, Vanessa.


Fairies. Grumpkins. I don't know. It's probably going to end badly. Do you want to go have a look?


Thank you. That's sweet. See? I came through, guys. I came through.


Use Mending.


We're going to hide in the trenches, yes?


I'll make it.


Penta-what now?


I have some inspiration dice to give out, that I can give out as bonus actions. Can I give it out before we go into battle?


Let me see your sword.


How about you just keep your money and I'll put you in a chair and I'll just watch over your weapons.


This crowd is loving my song!


I'm keeping an eye from the second floor. I want to see how much movement in the city there is and whether or not there's any guards by the tree, whether or not the tree seems to be left to its own devices.


I got some good potion.


First attack I gave you was sneak attack.


It's got Elvish for "protector" and "growth."


How long would it take to get into the town from where we are?


I'm curious, can I try them on really quick?


Didn't he have a symbol on his chest, or whatever?


Did we actually end up searching the boats for everything, or did we not end up searching the boats for everything?


Little heavy-handed, man. Like, really heavy-handed.


Wait, we have to go around Hupperdook.


Would you say more like Blue Man Group or more like a subway bucket drummer?


We tried. I didn't want this to happen.


(impact) Then I'm going to--


Try your hand against-- no?


(laughing) That was the lamest thing.


I think so! I think I'm okay.


What did they say, though?


Plus-one Wand of the War Mage.


You say they. Not quite how I remember it.


Was anyone friendly with you guys?


Yes, perfect.


Oh, I have an axe now!


No, it takes an action to cast.


Natural 20, which made a 23.


23 was the threshold.


God, I'm going to pull out the gun and start laying waste to it. I'm going to reload and take two shots with Sharpshooter.


And get breakfast.


Is blue the predominant color here?


(whispering) Keep it on the DL.


I lost all my dicks.


Whose donut is this?


Poor Kima. Trying to get mind-wiped so many times by him.


We left her naked. Yes, we did.


Because I saw him puke under the water and it floated right past me. I got a great view of it. He's a nervous puker.


I understand you have him on your mind. You can't get our names straight.


We should follow one of them.


Well, shit! Well, what do we do now that we know? I guess we just research?


There's a Laura emote!


I'm trying to shoot a whirlwind. I don't know if this is actually going to do anything. I'm not feeling very hopeful. Nine points of piercing damage?


Oh, puns yeah.


Well I came up from the town of Port Damali.


What would happen if we put your helmet on her?


Of course! I would never try to steal from the group. I just--


Anyways. Anyways, you can go buy t-shirts now, which was the whole point of that. At critrole.com. And there's a limited run. Once they're gone, they're gone.


And I have a stealth of 11.


I'll run up and join Percy.


Oh, they left. The fight's over, everyone.


What did you find out?


We'll make sure you're not disturbed.


Of course you would know that.


I kick the dirt a little bit and then I walk away and I click my heels. Little jump-and-click.


Should I handle Delilah, or should I handle him?


It means what it means.


What about your bean?


Ten. 17!


One small question, Osysa, I'm sorry.


We have Shayne, Cordell, Jarett, Kendrick, and Nitebe.


Around his waist!


Sorry. Next one. That one looks good.


I was just shouting at a skeleton.


That would be 2d8 plus four. Oh, that's 12 plus eight, so 20 points of healing.


But yeah, I agree with you that we should pool our resources, that is a good idea.


What? No.


You did. They're both 16s.


He's a dwarf.


Get ready to catch me.


This is so cool!


How many of you aside from Matt have run a game of D&D or another RPG? In high school I ran a D&D game, I ran a Rifts game for a little while.


Right, we're not gonna kill a kraken.


Do you feel differently?


Yeah, that's fine. That's fair. Hey Grog, do you remember that one time--


The smelter, is it active right now? Is it hot?


I'll also, weren't we at some point supposed to check the library for clues of the location of the next Vestige?


Plan C, still sextuplets, that doesn't change, but now we're just ambushing him in the center of the Arches and we've paid off the guards to turn a blind eye.


Genuine question  have you been telling this story the entire time I've been gone?


I'm going to freak out. Is there any trash or anything on the road? I'm just going to look for any--


Yeah, like, "Ooh, I hope our paths cross again someday, ooh."


I would like to find out what happened.


Told you I was going to going to be extra.


We have to go sign up for this.


Bow-chicka-wow-wow!


(frantic noises) Plus that is ten. The total is 13.


Yeah, that's cocked.


Get your hat out of the way.


You get that cast off, you're like (sniffs deeply).


Earth clear! Clear eyes!


Hi Beau.


It would block their view of us maybe? Perhaps?


This is a constitution saving throw?


Is Thordak scared yet?


Click on the site, cover your body in blood, download it right away.


As we turn to leave the cabin, the captain's quarters, a quick look of anything that looks like info about where this temple is, in case she decides to fucking slit our throats in the middle of the night.


Protector and growth.


Okay. Thank you.


Well, we've either beat them here or she's really clever.


Do I roll for each one?


Super ragey?


Keep your mouth shut! Just keep your mouth shut!


What? How does this-- Huh? Who?


I drop my water elemental form.


Yeah, you just had a baby, I understand.


Are we nearing the destination?


I'm awake enough. I wake up and I cast Cure Wounds on myself.


A chain prison?


Ooh. Not my strength.


I can clear out the cave-in. I imagine if someone is trying to cause an intentional cave-in, they're anticipating no one going through that cave-in, and we can start there.


Whose?


That's not very good. That's 17.


I stand next to Vex, irritated.


Sure they are.


Well, it could just be an animal or something, right?


Should we order up some puppies to celebrate? Just kidding.


What do we do, guys?


And I did ten, so we're almost back to where we were.


We can see in dim light.


It stands.


I want them all. How much?


What are those marks all over your neck?


Don't be afraid, come on.


I'm gonna take off after him.


How do you mean?


I can't Polymorph; I could True Polymorph Trinket and permanently make him a wyvern.


I don't know. But I'm going to find out. Everything's telling me that I should stick around and see where you're headed. I think that's where I'm supposed to be.


We are fucking idiots!


(chokes)


I've never had to make a charisma saving throw before.


Yay, amazing! 19.


Don't fuck me, Gil!


Who were the bad people?


Are you with me?


Are you claustrophobic?


The syphilis itch?


Only the parts that hit the wolf and the ogre.


I cannot see anything. I'm going to move towards the sound of Jester shouting in the dark and I'm going to raise up the Glove of Blasting and try to shoot the fish-man that I heard way up high ahead of me, up the hill. They'll all be at disadvantage.


Eight plus--


You wanna lift?


Three. Competing for the same turf.


Run off the bridge--


Spirit Guardians. The thing I bought from Gilmore. Right? Didn't I buy the Scroll of Spirit Guardians?


Because we know our shit.


Yeah. I'm not worried one bit.


I need a new crossbow, is what I need.


Oh, oh, Pike Pike Pike Pike Pike. What kind of animal would this god use? Would you know what kind of animal the duergar would worship? Do you know?


It was very impressive. It was very impressive.


She has a Death Ward.


Eyeball.


You'll be great, Yasha.


♪ How many chords are there in this song? ♪


So I will once again try my acid trick, and this time try to hit it and pull another bottle out and smash it on the tentacle.


I say we sleep upstairs.


We'll find some other dinner, Yasha.


Most do have blindsight or echo-location, so they--


Even the water's angry! (screams)


Jester, this is a dead body.


Probably. All right.


Like a warm, pink center.


We ruin everything Matt creates.


Okay, I thought maybe they were like mer-people or something, I wasn't sure.


I could try that out, sure, yeah, that's a great idea. Yes!


The oil is helpful. Thank you.


I just did. I made a plan. It's an ambush plan.


Cutting Words.


He's making shit up as he's walking.


You made a bad call.


Who the fuck is Tracy?


I've only burned one thing that requires a long rest.


Oh, us, too.


How can we help?


Give some to Percy, anybody else want some?


Yay. Then he gets four more damage, radiant.


Dragon?


She's dead. Oh, no, she passed out.


(parrot voice) Captain Cupcake! (realistic cawing) Sorry, too much! Reeling it in.


Pretty freaking huge.


I'm gonna bamf into an eagle.


Do you have any rooms with very high ceilings?


Bless you! (clattering) (laughter)


Actually, that's a really interesting idea. Is there anybody in town who could reenchant our carpet?


What did you make?


I am just looking at the symbol, I am not looking at anything else.


Scanlan, can you sleep?


(exhales) Do we-- are we resting right now? Let's go right now.


What was that like, having Pike leave and you staying behind?


Scanlan, don't be rude. Respond.


It's a blind elemental


She did rowing yesterday.


Thank you, Hieris thank you. Oh, gotta go, sorry.


DM, how does this work? I cannot grapple anything above a huge monster. Can I grapple part of a gargantuan monster?


Also, Fjord walks right up behind Jester and says: (deeper voice) Come on, we need to get back with the others. Okay? This is not a good idea to put yourself out in the open, let's go.


Should you heal us before we pop into anything more? Can you heal us?


It's feeling much better, thank you.


They're just lying there?


Are we trying to avoid people or--


Aw, I thought it was like the lowest roll you could ever do.


That's it. But here's the thing, should you glide back to the mansion, I stone back to the mansion with the sword? Okay, give me the sword.


But it might even be the way back out.


I could, it would take an hour, but I could understand this one, if I set my mind to it.


Retort, yeah. Same trick, but not nearly as much damage. That's 16 to hit?


I bring him back here.


I bet yours says, "Please don't ever contact us again."


I'm trying! I would like to move up my 30 feet of speed.


Are you going to name it Sally?


I swear it's me!


I run over to Percy.


(angry groan)


Oh my god, I got hit with his dick. (laughter)


Sail!


Okay, well I'm going to continue to walk.


Yeah, it's just a tentacle. With the intent to leave. Oh, that's not bad.


I know it might fall if she doesn't attack anything or isn't attacked.


That's a tease.


Should we park the boats?


Okay. Do you want to let them know that we're going in?


Oh, I'm sure it's nothing too savory. He's had terrible judgement in the past.


Nice. Those were really good rolls. Okay. First one is 11.


Yeah, 1d10 for damage.


Can I yell, Kylre! And I want to hold up the girl and be like, come get her! (laughter)


He almost died! Just from this one little brain.


Yeah, I'm not saying I'd be a tiger. I'm just hearkening back to our team-up.


And if I marry this girl, it will just all go away?


Did you want to have a drink and think about it, or go for a walk?


Is Hilda there?


Persuasion check. 19. I'm fishing for drugs, I'm not going to lie. I've been on the road a long time, I don't remember how to do this.


We commandeered it.


Do you have tinkering experience?


Let's hop in a tree. What?


Spasm shaming.


So wait, the top one is a yes. The middle one is a yes. The bottom one is a yes.


That was a bit more than I was--


Nothing in green is good.


See, that's even shiftier.


I don't know if any of my ideas are good.


I'm here to buy just one quick thing in particular, then we'll be on our way. I just want a very tall hat. Just very tall black hat with a point.


And does it have any capabilities of attacking at range?


--in the middle, or should we-- I'm aroused. Sam Riegel is.


Based on that description I want to see if I can figure out what buildings would be directly underneath, do my own mental map of what has been described.


Suck it, nerd. Dear god.


Thunderclap is loud. Thunderwave is different.


Did you happen to find in your research what, perhaps, we might face in the Feywild? I mean, we've learned a little bit of it, but I know that it's going to be rather dangerous.


Yeah. And I'm sure the other thing will be super easy.


Can you see through it?


Oh, that's smart.


She's dead. The owner is dead.


I mean, that's not amazing. That's better. 14.


(buuh)


Sorry I hurt you, Grog, I know that was a very strong punch.


I walk over to him. I bow. And then I reach out one of the Titanstone Knuckles. Kord's strength to you.


Oh, this isn't the safe house?


Well hold on, let me reach into his mouth. And I reach up under his nasal cavity and I pop his face back out just a little bit.


Grog, can you help me see how much we can shove in here?


Here, have a drink. Yeah!


It's not written down.


The Slayer's Take, if I recall, doesn't do things for free. We're going to have to pay for this, even though we're members.


Well look, all right, my gloves--


All right. Let's go back to the other way.


I went and got someone else. And--


I mean, I don't know what the deal is with the people who are interested in me. I can't tell if one's better or worse. But we're just going to go waltz out into town and see what happens, is that the idea?


-- is magic; you throw it and it comes back to you or some shit.


Something so other people can learn about them.


I need you, too. But we're not all going to make it.


Yeah! (growls)


Please fly fucking back right now! Please!


So comfortable.


That's good, because who knows what else we'll run into while we're down here.


You are so broke all the damn time!


There's gotta be a way to turn this off.


Does this one get sneak attack?


(laughs) Wonderful. Let's just take some respite.


How do you feel? Are you nervous?


Wisdom. 15.


Guys, let's just go find a wizard and some alcohol, in whichever order.


With magic. I would show you now, but I'm out of spells!


I'm up? What can I do?


Oh, friend.


Let's wrap him in his cloth.


I take initiative and I take the orc leg, dunk it in the poison, toss it, then I take the last-- this is the last orc piece in the bag--


Can I burn a grit for it?


Also, fun fact about Ian Phillips  I grew up with him. He was one of my brother's best friends when we first moved out here to LA, and so when that name was floating around, I was like, wait a minute. And then we reconnected back on Instagram. It's such a crazy story. You know, Critical Role brings it all back around. (laughter)


Let's just charge in. This is a fricking giant, right? We've killed giants.


It's scripted! (laughter)


Well, I guess I'll have to take it.


Or as Waluigi. He's been so many things. Everyone knows who Jeff Lewis is. Go watch it.


This thing comes from a devil, a demon. Nothing good could ever come from anything it made in existence. It needs to be destroyed. And I'm sorry. Let me articulate these words a little bit more. There is nothing that you can use this particular artifact for any reason of good. The fact that it is even here is a very bad sign because it was taken from one of these beasts.


I want to keep an eye out, just to see if anybody's noticing. If it seems like people are paying attention to us in a way that they shouldn't be.


Sure. But they are under the impression that, and this a fair point, that we are not very communicative or... We don't behave as much as part of a team as they would prefer. I said that I would tell you and discuss. And so that's where it stands with the weirdos.


Ugh, okay. Never mind, then.


I was going to try and bring it down on top of K'Varn.


Nothing fancy, just hitting it again.


You have advantage, though, on everything.


Blind him?


I don't know, just one that I-- maybe lots?


Yeah, but I'm really-- oh, that's true.


I'm at one.


Whoa, good to know. Very low armor class, easy to hit, which is usually dangerous. They're going to be trouble when they get in there.


Yay, Scanlan!


She take it well?


Yeah, I'll just hang out with my new friends here.


The Traveler is my co-pilot, it's okay. He's leading the way.


More like a garden. We have been tending this garden for generations.


No no no. Not if he's alone up there. What if we do it, do it, do it--


Oh wait, wait, wait! Is there anyone-- can I touch Grog, or is there anybody I'm near?


(slowly) No, I didn't.


That’s really special.


I keep reading.


Draconia has friends in power.


Zauber.


Do I see-- sorry.


All right. I don't know if you're listening, Ioun. It's been many years since I've actually spoken to a god. I'd like to express my deepest sorrow. You see, this home... didn't mean as much to me as life. And I think these people gave that to me. If you could give us... If you could give me anything, any little hint, it would be greatly appreciated and I would be a warrior in your name forevermore. Please. Was that okay, bear?


Yep. Taco.


Eat some shit, Umbrasyl.


Yeah, wake him up.


Yeah, melee range.


It's certainly the die, and not you in any way.


Percival, come here. You're probably the best person to know what to make of these.


And then he must have fought in what was known as the Calamity?


Seriously, thank you for introducing me to this game. I mean it.


But I don't smell bad. Now come on, let's go to the rest of the group.


We have all the Vestiges!


All right, so I'm going to go ahead through the hole.


Oh my gosh. Okay, I'd like to plug a few things. No.


The one that doesn't save gets (freezing sound).


Well, there's that.


Was it for the manticore?


I yank off my serpent belt and throw it as far as I can. Not as far as I can. 20 feet, and set it in motion, so there's now a snake in the hall, 20 feet in front of these guys.


That was beautiful, Scanlan.


I'm a crow. Circling around, watching him from above.


Wait, you can read bullshit?


Can I take some of it and rub it on some of my arrows?


Yeah, we can.


Hey man, whatever.


I don't know, with my ones as of late. Oh, that's just ten.


Who Dis?


How tall are they?


No! I'm committed!


Come on, Von Rolo!


(quietly) She told me to go in! So that's a 23.


As the flames go out, these come in.


I lived--


They can pick, but they've got to come to us.


Are you kidding?


How about "Oh god, we're all going to die. Run away, run away right now. My god, my god, we're all going to die"?


Hah. Hodor.


19. Not as good as Vax.


We still can't make out the third figure.


Near Sprigg-ish.


Fields of phalli.


Yes, and if they're still there, the Vox Machina dice set is around as well.


He Vulcan Pinched my ass.


I mean, can you do it without-- Can you talk without talking, is that a thing you can do?


No breaks.


Nipples, is it really?


I think we should talk to some people and ask a couple of questions around town first.


I think I pooped myself a little.


Can I reach down and pick up the statue?


This is so cool.


Oh god, I thought that said a one. Investigation, 24.


Ow! Oh god!


We're going to go talk to Irene right now. I bet she knows the motherfucker. We're going to fucking track him down.


No, I want to be blue. Yeah. I want to stay blue.


Fjord, do you want to do it? I guess you're already fucking.


Talk her down.


'Twill be lovely.


Anything we should know?


I had to move.


I'll join you in this perception check.


I will remove my dragon tooth necklace and pass it off to Grog.


Hope we don't have to leave that way, but she can just dispel it.


All right. I guess I walk-- Look at us all bunched up in this little hall.


One of them has my sword embedded in their chest.


I'm going to run and get into flanking position with this one over here.


Well, Pike's with you.


Look at the fancy.


Do we still have the tents? Did we keep the tents? We have the tents.


The audience is aroused! (laughter)


As it's hanging, I put it on my shoulder.


Okay, well, then it would be Grog. Do I have three choices or four?


Yes, well I want to get it right. Who-- you've been living here for quite some time, I imagine, as a guild member.


Okay, he's attacking Percy.


What? A background check?


We might as well be wearing fanny packs. All of us.


Can you do anything to knock him prone or anything?


It's pretty deep, guys.


Amongst a horde of dragonborn.


No, I like his style.


No, we don't, we really don't.


But he was the one that had all the sailor tricks to get the boat!


You can't be trusted, dude. Listen. Read what we wrote for you there. It's a hundred percent safe, non-offensive. The jokes are approved, so go ahead.


You look so, like, constipated right now.


Yeah, Wheatoning.


This game is amazing!


Do I?


Well, that's uncalled for.


Like a pep talk.


Not me, I am chilling.


We would be running on the blazing hot ground.


I'm going to grab the carpet. Anybody who wants a lift up, feel free.


Maybe if we drank some of it it would fit.


What were you up to?


I will gently pull Keg around the corner of the left path, five feet, so we are not in direct view.


And a Happy New Year!


I've got a good buzz on.


Yes, it's Percival. Do you remember me?


That's a number. It's a 12.


I think Grog may have soiled himself a little. We should probably get Keyleth on the books.


How much does the ogre weigh? Or the ogres, as you said?


Kind of resonated a little.


But no windows or anything?


So are we going to do this in an alleyway, or are we going to go get a drink, and you tell us where the fuck you've been?


What did you get? Let me see that.


Are you Taliesin right now?


Yes, we leave. Take it away, Matt.


I would be pressed against the wall of that house.


They're opting out of the conversation.


Oh jeez. Okay. So I think--


So they don't know if he's going or coming.


Yeah, we sailed with her. Vox Machina sailed with her.


A certain gentleman.


I could make us all Draconian again without tails.


It says--


I take Whisper and the venom dagger and lift it by the head off her.


If he does not have throwing stars ask for darts or the equivalent. Do not fuck me here, Caleb. Do not fuck me.


Yes we get a map, finally!


Yes, Flame Strike.


Doubling the dice damage. Ooh, that's a seven! So 14 plus four, 18.


Would it be reasonable to think they've seen us by this point?


That's cocked.


Would I have seen that before I tried to unlock the cage?


Do you see, are they carrying money? Are they carrying people?


Did you party any? Quick rager after the kids were asleep?


Oh, the carpet. I take a few minutes as my earth elemental self to beast through...


Well, they're gone.


Yeah, but you're not standing like right over, looking down. You see me feeling at the bodies.


I'll put my ear on that one.


That's what cool people say. My turn. Guy's dead, right? That Grog was after?


I have Revivify.


Why don't instead we have something to drink and eat.


It's a bigger problem.


They are beguiled by our foreign ways and they are scared of what they do not understand.


Have you used it before?


A couple quick announcements.


Okay, okay, okay. Oh, no, should I be mean?


I was not specific.


So can I bonus-action Hex the glob-- the wispy thing right next to me?


That's a three. That's a nine.


Thank you. Appreciate that.


Attack of opportunity.


My master is always interested in creatures of unusual disposition and he will be excited to know what you have for sale. I thank you for your time. May I please leave your-- I've lost my brain.


We're all human now.


I could dash, right?


You are charming. You're both very charming, so be charming.


Red doors are bad.


Here, Tary.


Oh god, roll really good.


Then I can do a cantrip. For my action, I'm going to cast Sacred Flame at the same dude.


Is everything okay, Pike?


All right. I'm actually weak, somebody stronger is probably good.


Hoist the thing and then the other one.


Now go home and get your shine box. (laughter)


Nothing to add. Well I'm new to armor, you know.


So much fun.


-- attributes.


Finger foods!


Maybe above the Sarenrae temple.


I will. We're the original O.G., you know that?


Yeah, let's just go in. It's just light.


It’ll take 20 seconds to get here from the second that alarm goes off.


Not everyone can be a dope adventurer, all right?


You travel together.


I don't wanna brag, but I'm a regular Ben Franklin over here. He's a guy, he's a gnome I knew once.


Did you ever see Cabin in the Woods? Do you know how bad this is going to get?


Not for some reason, I'm just cool in general, Nott. I'm just cool in general, Nott.


So as I concentrate, enraged at the sight of dragons, I have ten--


You got to close out of that to see the--


Breaking in.


Is that your primary armor?


I'll be right back! I'll be right back, I'm not gonna, I'll be right back.


Trinket is immune to being scared. It doesn't matter, because I'm scared.


Do I have any of the soul--


It's still night, though. We've had a short rest. We've got to get out of here. They know we're here.


Ten? On me.


Tary's got wings coming out of his head.


Yeah, I think it's good, I didn't really see much or learn much more than we already knew.


Well, I rolled a 3...


That's where they live.


Well for one, I would like to rage.


I know magic some!


I'm sorry, DM, could you say that again because I was busy rubbing it into Travis that Caleb is stronger than Fjord.


We wanted to keep you off-balance, Matt.


They've got Nazi in their name!


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome-- [music]


Well, say your goodbyes.


Nott! Nott! Oh my god! Look. Again, we're not looking to sink this ship, okay? We're going to try and board, get what we need and let them go. I don't want unnecessary violence.


Is there anyone else in this pool with us?


You know, before we--


It's warm in your ear.


Matt Mercer in drag, shitting all over us.


I know! I love her so much too!


I love Atlanta.


And I feel that you're fretfully ignorant and filled with platitudes. But I still like you regardless.


Do you realize how lucky you all are to have such a nice group of friends?


Wait, that's all I can do?


It's not one of your favorites?


Somewhere around here.


It was us.


Thing to pull it back. Strength. 18.


We have three fancy robes left.


Oh, god. I want to explore. I want to get closer.


I was going to say teddies, but...


I would like it to be.


Let 'em run back to the master and we'll track 'em.


It's the same city, right?


I'm gonna actually, wait, can I Cutting Words that?


Blur.


I just want to see before we give a dagger to a child.


Why would you do it? Why?


16 for the first hit.


Yeah, she did.


Can you make new rocks that are hollow? I guess it'll still make noise.


And I put it back in the Bag of Holding.


I put my old-school circlet back on, by the way, but I have the other circlet with me.


Right up the butt!


You're unconscious?


We could do Sacred Flame, or if you were nearer I'd say Cure Wounds. Or we could do a Guiding Bolt.


Vax will hear me if I whisper down to everybody.


Yeah, you were great!


It's in your book!


Is there anything I can use?


I'm looking at Caleb. (laughter)


I get 3d10.


Hand crossbow, it says 30/120. I've got to be within 30 to hit them without disadvantage, right? If I run out there, they'll see me and I won't be sneak attack anymore, right? How does this work?


It was trade.


I'm going to vanish.


That sounds super inviting.


Glitter Force. It's a new show. It's going to be on Netflix tomorrow. So I play the main girl, so that's exciting.


I know the feeling.


A lot is riding on Sutan and the High-Richter going to this festival.


Roll to attach a Baby Bjorn?


Get pissed, sure, kick me.


There's no answer at the door!


I'll have that invisibility.


I will push, as well.


You mean Grog?


All right, one at a time. Let's kill one at a time.


Vax! Do something!


Where are my d8s? That's not a d8. Ah, a d8. That's nine points of damage.


16!


Okay. (grunts)


You have a booger on the tip of your nose.


It's not horrible but it's not (sharp gasp).


