I'm on the other side of the 40-foot wall from the carpet.


That was one. I have another attack.


Jesus, we're all going to die.


All right, so that's a 28 to hit on one.


He is, but fair.


No. Which is cool, right?


An idiot.


What are you, like, a hag now? I sit on it, and I open the door, and I fly through the doorway.


Ooh, 27.


Okay, so I'll cure all the six people in my family.


Bitch.


It's haunted!


17. Oh no, wait. 14.


We're here to speak to the Many.


It's your proficiency, plus your wisdom, plus eight.


The one we've been working on.


You're-- Yeah, totally. I don't know what I did, but you're welcome.


Leeloo Dallas Multipass!


He did say we would meet his family.


Super forthcoming.


Rocky things. Sounds good.


They're not, but thank you.


It's the only option that seems open to us, unless we keep stumbling around and looking for some other way, I think.


Are you sure you guys don't want to send in a bulette, right now?


Does it? Or does it depend on me? Or does it now depend on this thing?


No, it's 26 you have to succeed against.


So 5d8 + 5.


I say we hide in the trees.


Okay, I'm going to ask Yorda if there's a map maker in town.


I run. I run as fast as I can. (screaming)


Anybody want a peanut?


Directly below where the fountain was?


Life needs things to live. That's it. That's the whole quote. (All laugh.)


So you handle evocation. I can handle the divination. You handle necrotic.


Wow! Fuck! Yes! Oh man!


That's a number. Yeah, that hits.


Oh yeah, in a vial.


We're saving a bottle.


23 points.


Oh, we're all going to be in there.


I don't think they did either.


Until next time.


Okay, just thought I'd see if I could sneak that through. I rolled a really-- I can't reroll that with Resolve can I? No, 'cause it's not a save.


Got reasons.


Well, should we get some dinner? Are you guys hungry, or have you filled up on pastries?


It's the most beautiful love story you've ever heard in your entire life, basically.


Okay. I'm gonna shoot up and do a small little loop-de-loop and then slam down right next to Percival. Right up against it, so that I'm in a flanking position opposite Doty.


I want to keep going.


Right at each other.


These are carnivorous. Are the trees the same color as the blood of these creatures upstairs? Is it a similar--?


You, you strike me as married, yes.


Oh, I feel so sick!


Well, that's good.


Well, then you've had nothing but positive interactions with him, right? What did we do with him? Did we do anything weird?


You could've ruined it! Oh, but wait--


The longer we stand still, the more stuck we get.


I won't, though. Three extra. That's for Hunter's Mark.


Never. He's never going to tell us.


Okay. I'll punch her.


Got it.


I'm going to point out I've been doing it wrong because I was thinking of my duplicate as like Trinket was, which had movement the same as me, and it is a bonus action to move my duplicate, which I did not realize. I'm going to stop doing that.


Airship. Airship. Airship?!


Carry the three...


Okay, so two upper right. Two pokes. Oh, wait.


Roll with it player, roll with it.


Six, six, six.


(speaking in Japanese)


"Ah, help."


Great first roll.


Did they want something in particular with you? Why did they want you?


I'm going to just do--


He's pissed.


My turn first. I'm going to take my advantage shot, because I have advantage because of--


You're supposed to be good at this!


Everybody but me?


It may only add a day or two at most. I would be most appreciative.


(sighs) If I see this correctly, there's this spectral creature in front of me and my possessed friend to my left. Is that right?


Yes, the Zenith is the one I wanted to go to.


But we'll have one-shots and stuff in between.


I think it's a wisdom.


Zahra.


It's just a hypothesis, but what if the tree's carnivorous. Or omnivorous.


Can I try to do an arcana check to see if there's anything magic in the room?


Break!


I was the sixteenth president. (all laugh)


It would be worth looking, at the very least.


Big pouch.


Shit. Everybody got those gifts brought to the room.


Can you lower yourself? You're pretty tall. TALIESIN; Can I climb down instead of jumping?


The blessing.


It's a horde of fucking ass-kickers, is what it is.


Did you do a saving throw?


This is the best setup ever!


Okay. I'm maybe showing a little bit of pink on my cheeks.


Don't fall in the lava pit.


Come on, keep going.


That is funny--


Where's your--


Kill that floating dude. Maybe he just flies. Maybe he's got feet and his robes cover them up.


Wait and see? Figured I should do it now.


I reach into the bag of holding and I get the cask of ale and my goblet, and I pour a little goblet of ale and I give it to Keyleth.


I followed destiny my whole life. It wasn't until I got to the end that I realized the whole thing was ironic.


Oh. Well, then you're in trouble.


I know, I've been opened up to so many things.


I could assume. What exactly is in?


Is the food here?


With a quick glance, does it look like the sail is worth trying to save any further, or is it fucked? Just with a quick glance.


Sure, if you want to. Unless you have any questions.


Oh, shoot.


Speaking of deeply distrustful persons. JB, do you want to come see the library? Does anybody else want to come?


What's with you and fucking weapons, man?


It's a great gift. Honestly, I was thinking about buying it and then you beat me to it. Great minds, right?


North.


Ooh! (singing)


Jester had a good talk with him; I think he'll actually be okay. We might need to do a little bit more maintenance. I feel bad; I've treated people like shit my whole life. And having one transformative moment doesn't mean that you're immediately going to be a different person overnight and being better is something you have to work at, I guess.


I'll activate my boots.


Like a very dedicated marathon runner.


Trying to be scary?


34, 35-- I can't! It's too late; it's triggered!


They're going to find a hole.


No, I've been exactly where I was. Do you want to know more about my cat? Because you walked off before. The funny thing about a cat is that they are very persnickety but with the right person, they are not. Frumpkin with me, we are just so.


Can I use my shark eyes to look down the tunnel?


He just made it up. We've not been there.


What's up, me?


Honestly, I'm still not sure which of you is Sam.


Can everyone feel it?


Well, I'm going to go get a drink.


We're on this plane, right?


16 points of healing.


Everybody needs something.


All three, reckless, great weapon master! Chewing my tongue off while I do it! (all laugh)


Can we try to bust it out?


The awkward woman makes a fine point!


You ganked my sleeping bag.


Are we still in the middle of farmlands, or are we walking?


I'm going to make an arcana check, also.


--the green one. Okay, okay.


Scanlan should be visible at all times.


Nott might be driving the cart, you might be sitting in the cart, but the rest of us are on horses next to the cart.


Normal face style, I suppose.


Kill him, Grog!


Feel like we're in MegaMan. A MegaMan boss.


You have no idea what I'm going to do for the rest of this game.


Plus what? It's a bite attack. I know I don't-- we haven't fixed it yet.


Because I'm hasted, so I have a second attack?


I don't know. There's so many options!


All of us were in the back except for Taliesin.


You never said Oklahoma.


Did she have like a really good nose or something?


He's almost dead until he kills.


There's voices coming from the stairs?


Well, let's go back. I have some thinking to do.


Okay. Also, blazing bowstring that gives me a plus d10. So, okay, 14 plus d10, wait, that's a ten? Yeah!


Both clerics. Why did both clerics go on a hunting mission?


Oh. (laughter)


I like those dice.


We can see the sunrise. We never do this. We never take time for ourselves.


Can you talk to the dead?


This is all water, I'm assuming, in the middle?


I don't know what would have happened without you guys. Really.


We did find out that Marius LePual-- fuck that last name. He's sometimes seen at some of the taverns around, some of the shadier ones. The Skew or the Open Quay.


Listen, you're not going to need the potions after today. I'm just saying.


Pushed it through.


Okay. Where was I?


Well, okay, but if you're astral projecting, aren't you chilling in one room here, not really communicating, anyway?


We all have a few, I assume.


Two days is the horse, riding hard. What about an eagle?


We found a dead guy. In chains.


Kerr Bear Share!


With no water?


He said that, Darktow Port.


It's either that or the library, I imagine.


And I see as I reach around. I'm like, aw, really? And I'm blasting--


Did you eat already?


I reroll ones. None of these are ones, unfortunately. (counting)


But then we'll get eyes on it.


I cast Armor of Agathys on myself.


That is really great. She sent my favorite colors. Red and blue and green and black. Those are my favorites to paint with!


The thing that we've been hauling around.


I don't think my mom knows what the internet is.


One, and a two, and a three!


We'll have to add a sixth star to the de Rolo crest. Fucking excited.


He's a dark elf, right? Or a drow?


Hey Matt, that white ring is just leftovers, right?


He has a third testicle. It's out. There, I said it!


More or less.


It's a gas.


There's a harpy dead on deck, right?


Oh! Try to get some of the poison off its fangs because it's poisonous!


But I'm just playing it.


Stop what you're doing. I want you to get your hands on this big, beautiful bastard. And I hand her the greatsword.


I'll take two bolts please.


This is athletics. Same thing, sorry, yeah. 15.


At 7pm.


I was going to say, do you want to Mist Walk this? It would be appropriate this time.


No, it only lasts ten minutes.


Is the crazy zealot still running around?


Hey, Laura?


That's a 30 attack.


The duergar.


Yeah, I mean, I could mimic whatever you have, and try to stay at arm's length.


How did you-- how did-- Shit. We should have followed Pike.


Yeah, actually I'm going to-- no. nope. I'm good.


He's grappled. Trinket's grappled.


What is the save?


Does my Song of Rest need to be during a short rest?


I don't think that's going to hit either, that's an eight.


She makes a duplicate of herself.


Okay, good to know. But I can't mass give it out, just have to give it to one person.


That's what I was using, cantrips.


I have a weasel!


Good night, Tary, good night. Oh, boy. What a babe in the woods.


Ben and Jerry's.


I lean forward and look at the ground.


Yeah, how? Can you go owl it out?


Or he may send them to kill whoever is creating the illusion.


Okay, who needs to rest? Show of hands, who needs rest?


And you realize that this is only because of your doing?


That's playing with fire.


I'm riding.


You know what, maybe I could go with them.


We wait till morning and we throw Pike out the door.


She is too educated. She is too in-the-know to talk the way she does, to be interested in just drinking and chasing our barbarian friend. She is very educated. I don't know which parts are true.


We're not heroes.


That we see?


Everybody's going to the same place.


Yeah, more water's good.


This bowl that we're looking for.


That's just mean.


Well... More like creepy guys in a big group issue. I'm with this guy, you guys, you've heard of, he's pretty big in our parts... you've heard of the Meat Man? (gasping)


Don't worry, I can hold my own.


Are they pretty new?


Wonderful, thank you for your time.


(weak growl)


Can you turn into an animal?


What if we had a way of providing some gold? And maybe you provide an offering of a different kind? What if you say that your father Kevdak had been plotting against the dragon and you found out about it. Would you be able to offer his body and the body of his allies as tribute to the dragon?


And I want the leather armor and he wants the cape.


I give him a good-game smack on the ass as he runs by.


Hit it with lightning and it'll go up.


I start pushing back on Thorbir, backing everybody up, silently pushing backward and trying to steer everyone in a heap backwards and to the side of the cell we just came from. Just trust me.


Well, they're the only people I've had in my life since my father, so. Parents.


It would be a spark, as opposed to actual flame. It would just be concussive force.


Trying everything I can to save this bear.


What time is it actually?


That is a 33? Yeah.


We're just waiting, I guess.


No, don't do that, just shake me.


I give us cover. I'll blow my Horn of Fog.


I'd hate to send you into anything that all of a sudden got a bit too nasty. I see you wearing chain mail. If I may, what is your weapon of choice?


Yeah, Minxie! (all cheer)


Yes! You have a little statue. You have a little statue, Grog.


Doty!


I'm running in. Do I know how to disable the rack?


I know, I know. We're all still coming in through one area, though. It's like the fatal funnel. It's like a doorway. If you all come in through the doorway, you're all in one spot.


Just like--


They are almost as nimble as you.


We could always go hunting for our dinner. Classic way.


But what if it doesn't bust all the way through until we start popping some of the beams?


How close can I get to the spider?


Maybe just give up on the smoking out?


Well met, well met. Five pounds of gems?


Yeah, so I'm going to throw two daggers at her. I don't know if there's any poison left-- I'm sure there's not-- on the Life-Stealing, and the Keen. First one is not good at all. That's a 14, and the second one hits. That's a 28. That is the Life-Stealing. That is seven points of damage.


I'm using my fire bow.


Oh, that's something else we have to tell you guys about!


Can he fit on the carpet?


Let's keep moving.


Obviously. Is everybody else all right? I know it has been a while. I had to stay underground.


I'm going to use my Blight Staff. I'm going to use my bonus action to cast the swarm.


Move out of the way.


Please. It's more like a Coke can. Okay. Um.


Wait, friendly shark! (all laugh)


Four more hours! Mimosas!


Oh, wow, I understood that. It was scary.


And I'm going to run over to where Grog had been-ish--


Well, no one wants to die.


You said he.


If we can just get into that cage and untie them without them noticing.


I saunter--


Can we see a spider in here, like a big spider?


Oh, we should get out.


Clarota is Dracula.


And it was not noted.


What about the zombies?


Okay. How about "Boulder, Paper, Shears"? Wait, what is it? "Boulder, Parchment, Shears"!


Quick huddle.


I am doing my best Vax impression and making my way through the grass.


No, not a good try, you failed.


She can also back off without repercussions.


But first, whores in the bedroom!


You said "Message received."


How big is the ball, again?


I know it's you.


All right. So I'll wait until there's--


Charm Person!


Whichever one's better. Acrobatics.


I will dodge uncannily.


I took the Clippy feat.


The one that everybody wants, but nobody can have.


We will not go quietly into the night!


Kind of in the middle of a bunch of stuff.


With my kids.


He'll never give it to me.


I'm not within 30 feet.


I am sad that I did that to her, because--


Little elf girl?


You were with him as Tary!


Something I do need to know. Percy. If we see them, and we're not ready to show our faces, will you be able to contain yourself?


Yes, not bowls, just bones.


We're bad at manners, until now!


Can I use Cutting Words on this? Is this a magical effect? No, wait.


(sighs) I want to help, I just don't know what I can do. That's all I can keep doing. I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.


On what it originally was, Jesus Crit. (laughter)


The longer-- mom's been in town for a while.


He's on the edge, finish him!


You first.


Oui.


Oh, Grog, thank you! That elephant ate me! You saved me!


We got all the ears?


You're healed, you're healed up?


You used your lightning javelin. You--


Any one of these could fail.


It's a thing I've been working on, but apparently someone else has done it first, so never mind.


Go check them out on Instagram!


If I tell them it is--


I like to think you did the entire fight with it.


Caleb starts silver threading the entrance that Fjord swam through.


Can you see it? Gotta tilt it down a bit.


For what? What are we looking for?


We talked for seven minutes, yeah?


Next action is going to be to throw Whisper into the ground again. And bamf to it.


Hola, everybody!


But you would be a mist. How would you tell her anything?


Let's have cruises soon.


Okay. I count to six and then I snap my fingers and pull him off of this plane.


Oh yeah, you can hear it within 300 feet, so.


Can we cut some of the seaweed and hold it in front of us so that when we move it just looks like seaweed?


This is a very interesting group you have here, that's for sure.


Thank you for helping me Ghost, by the way. Never mind.


I hate it when Phil ruins torturing hour.


Is there some vomit in the corner?


Last Thursday.


I take my brass doorknob and shove it in there.


Are they there? The two people?


Okay, so--


I am a member of the guild. Well, if you want to be technical--


Waterbed.


I guess Fernando and Waterloo.


(laughing) Can you persuade the DM?


On the count of three.


I do call it my antic, but yes. You're right. I'm sorry, that was disrespectful. I apologize. I tried, man, come on. I'm your wingman.


Kima. Allura.


I'm going to watch everyone safely go to the door and not get killed, and then drop the bubble.


Man, what an appetite. Do you mind regurgitating a little like a momma bird into my hand?


Pretty cool sound effects


Yeah, we just set off a nuke on the thing.


(gasps) Can you do that?


You're leaving the sweet-- you're leaving the puppy behind?


What do you want me to do?


Well, we just have a few things to divvy up. I've learned about the book that we found from the dragon. It is filled with knowledge that can increase someone's abilities.


Should we go over and talk to him?


It's very dangerous. Before we tell you anything about it, we want to make sure that you know how to handle it.


Lady favors.


We'll leave it outside the door.


A large Danny DeVito.


Let's get out of here, go back to the keep.


Talking to the sword?


And I bet those things are pretty good swimmers.


Empty.


I hope you're wise.


And I won't really move, but I will inspire Grog, because he needs to hit something, man.


Is he still up? Then I'll send the second one in his direction as well. That's 22 to hit.


We should go home.


39, and they're on fire.


What does a smiley emoji mean? I don't understand.


Yeah. Apparently there are only six deities they allow to be worshipped publicly here.


14 points of damage. 4d6.


Jamedi?


Is his sword as big as our table is across?


It's like a Sim!


Super squishy-ass, crispy tacos.


I think we should probably head out.


I know you're not used to actually having the means by which to just simply get what you want by asking for it. But you could just... ask for it.


Well, we got to figure out where the Lord Sutan's estate is, get a wax seal, a writing, forge his hand.


It's just a spelling that is tricky.


Can I, looking at the axe, say, oh, I do hope you have a necromancer in your group, because I'm looking at a fucking dead man. (laughter)


No-no-no-no-no-no-no.


I'm going to try as I'm running-- do I have enough time to try and take a shot?


I, Sam Riegel, want to go back and see Pumat Sol again. But that would not make narrative sense.


Until we're healed, and then we'll go.


The Queen's used to having other people do her work for her, I guess. Why don't I point my middle finger down through those slats in the gate and send some Sacred Flame?


So, okay okay, hang on. What happens if this starts going poorly?


(as Sean Connery) I cast Hexblade.


Is it within 500 feet of--


I'm climbing the wall.


Leading?


Also, I believe I was first to the pile. I was looking for what weapons there are and I also want to watch her, very closely, with everything she does.


I love your commitment to the tickle.


Yes! It could be a wedding invitation!


Well let's go full Cinderella on this. Let's get all the mice involved.


I walk up and I palm Scanlan's forehead and slam him to the ground. What the fuck are you doing?


That's why we should have gone to Pumat Sol's.


Yeah, let's not give too much info.


Hey Caleb! You know in haunted houses a lot of time they attack the person in the back.


You lost card privileges.


I'm into this.


We don't know what that does.


Oh no. Blocked.


I love Teen Wolf. I know every line in that fucking movie. Michael J. Fox.


11 minutes from now, I'm going to be joining you, Percival.


This is going to be fun, fun, fun! (all laugh)


Abridged. Abridged.


You worked so hard on it.


Did you say two sets of armor? Would that fit in the bag?


Grapple her down.


Ooh! Should I Identify that?


Oh my god, what if you could die while we're sleeping?


I'm going to check the floor for any pressure plates or anything. Okay. That's a lot. 30.


Let's see how we feel. I'll go ahead and do Pass Without A Trace on us and we'll try and move in the direction that she called.


Who are you talking to, Jester?


What, we can't go find that boy you abused in Emon and have him send the letter?


What time, exactly, of the day?


Any door?


Well, should we go to sleep?


Yeah. We're in a hole.


For the Horde.


Does anyone know who funds the Victory Pit?


It's builded?


Oh, look, they made little caskets for all of our figures.


Yeah. Once a child is born and nursed for a bit and then it's communal property. As soon as you can work, they give you a job and you do the job.


Mm. Totally had this one made for Scanlan.


I hope it gets the recognition it so should get. Rises above a cult hit.


Yeah, so I'll spend a grit point on that. Natural 20.


Have you been lifting, Bigby?


And a robot.


Okay. That's-- yeah.


What happens later tonight? Other than more drink.


I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Actually, what happened?


I can make some more plant life.


That's seven points of hit points.


He stays there for the time being. Is this what we're doing? I can't go anywhere, I'm going to be blind and deaf, I have to stay still and safe. Try not hit me in the head with too many things. It'll take a while, but he will go off.


Just work from the floor or from the--


See you in the morning.


It's like a Pink Floyd tribute concert.


Service and payments to the Iron Shepherds. House Jagentoths. Who's Jagentoths?


Is it possible that my sister would be with him?


My broom takes off behind me.


Roll high. Come on.


Vax on the ground just starts going (unintelligible yells).


I am. That is nine.


With my #blessed, 27.


The next day the gray thing will go in someone else.


I would like to use my movement, if I can, with the blade I used to go this way, and I cut a big foot-long thing. I want to try to use my movement to reverse the direction of the blade and stab inward.


So many times.


I'm working on that as well.


Throw them down the well.


Great-great. Yeah. Two greats, not just one.


Reel it back in. Reel it back in!


Keep going down?


I watch her with my mouth agape.


I've never seen Foster sprout tears like that. That was amazing.


Yeah, I'd think that would piss him the fuck off.


I'm not even looking at you.


Nice and tight. (grunts)


Fly by the window and peek in.


(slurring) But if--


I have gnome cunning, so I have advantage on wisdom.


I am not the right kind of talker for this.


All right, stop, bird! Stop saying that word! I don't like it.


I go into a Frenzied Rage!


We have to wait.


(hacking spit)


I like all of these things, but I think Grog as a bunkmate is a good idea.


You saying I should let them grow out?


The immediate regret! (laughter)


Whoa! And I back up and draw.


Yeah, somebody put chicken paste in my bed. I don't know who it could be.


I think that you should let me squish it, because if that blows up--


Oh, so tense.


It's mostly cursing.


I'm just saying you're profiling, is all.


How's he going to get from the top of the pyramid down in? Maybe he should hide here and live to tell our story.


Ooh, thank you.


I'll do deception.


Yeah. That's 16.


Well, don't say that. (laughter)


Drop some stank on that dragon.


Pass me that not bottle of alcohol.


I'll put him in the crystal.


He flew away.


I think this will also be a conversation that Lady Kima will have some--


I was just wondering if you knew-- if you could tell me anything about this terrible cancerous tree in the Feywild, if you knew anything about it? He might be like your brother or something.


How much time left on that hour, buddy?


No, I'm pleased for the distraction, honestly. I feel-- (sighs)


The radiation area in Fallout. It's like, get out! Get out now!


Okay. Seeing where Caleb has run-- If I move, will that imp next to me get an attack?


Another daring rescue.


I'm burning a grit to make him drop it. I know, this is a lot. I'm taking my third shot with Animus, and this is going to be a sharpshooter shot, and that's not a crit, but that's pretty good. That's 29 to hit?


Beau might like these. These are good. Yeah, these are good. Okay, so. All right, we'll put these away. This is a very good blade. This might be a good blade for you. Why don't you hold on to it? You hold onto that.


Tal'Dorei?


Only a cantrip now, okay. Nevermind, then.


I mean, I don't have any potions, or anything, I-- nope, that's it.


I don't know. Stuffs and stuffs.


Hire you?


I'm coming up with this shit. It's not easy.


As we hop down, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


I have a Hold Person spell. I can try and hold her.


That's on the list. Simon, buddy. Crawl up the brazier. Wrap around it. Go up to the top.


What's the best penis you've ever seen?


Bald on top and red hair on the sides.


Just tie him up quick!


If you wouldn't mind, we were moving through the town, and there is this tower right in the middle of it. The Tide Peak, I believe it's called in my notes. Can you tell me, do you know anything about that? Such a strange structure.


I mean, did you even, like, salt it or nothing? It's just all these beautiful animals in my own private ark of a bowl?


Oh, yeah, that'd be good.


I'd hate to pull him away from business. I don't want to get in the way of his business. I mean, I am rather sad not to see him, but no, I don't think that would be a course of action we'd want to take. Let him continue to set up.


You get three hits.


The holy symbol goes (shattering sound).


Nope. Whoa. (childish voice) Three plus three is six points.


Oh, he's not even looking at the gate?


Okay. Second attack, I'll hit it again.


Manic pixie dream gunslinger.


I pull her into the biggest hug.


He legitimately seems fine? He's all right, he's not like-- veins aren't popping out, nothing amiss?


(laughs) "#blessed"


She lied pretty well, too.


Their deaths would be a waste.


No, it's useful, just you know, oil and water.


Yeah, pull it off. I'll give you all my health potions in one day.


Are we Death Star chickens? What's happening?


Yeah, so we're really excited that this is Chris Pramas, from amazing Green Ronin, who did the Titansgrave book and series. And we're excited; that's been a labor of love for a long time, but we're able to announce that we will have a Critical Role campaign book coming out. (cheering)


Fitz and Ashton.


Do I need to make a stealth check?


All right, I'm ready to go!


Oh, Jesus. What's 29 minus five? 24.


11 sets of armor, okay.


Can we see all the way to the other side of the room?


(whispering) He's drunk.


You dick!


And no one has heard from him at all over the course of the year?


Oh man, ritual casting.


I want new stuff. I haven’t gotten new armor since we started.


There was no cleric when we faced them before. All of us who stood against them in Emon.


Percy, I need Bad News to be my other foot now.


Let's go explore!


An asshole, actually.


It was a little bit of pressure.


And this is not that?


No! Let's keep it, let's bring it to the other ship.


Oh, this is for the whole thing.


No, I want to go to the bathroom.


Five questions. Vax. Make it count.


17 to hit.


Full of good stuff!


I roll it up, heat up the wax, seal it--


Rescue the people in the basement.


That's good stuff! Man, I just feel invigorated!


And one baby stork. No instructions on how to care for it. You just have to deal with it. Storks! In theaters now.


Take her right back. No one can know that she's been anywhere.


And your Spotify went up today.


Caleb Widogast.


Can I fly Grog up?


So they're attracted to movement and sound. Percy, you have a very loud banging thing.


Why don't we just ask?


I've got Anders in the fireplace, and I light the Firebrand War Hammer with the magic word, bacon, and I hit it and set him on fire.


Wait, I'm doing advantage, too, just in case. Okay, that one's better.


Tell me more about this witch!


Trauma from the earlier episodes. Hunter's Mark!


You doubt the cube?


Can I use my action to--


She would not be able to hold onto it.


Oh snap! 12, 22--


No! I'm just saying, if Grog has resistance to mind control, then that would be really good for us in a fight with somebody that's really powerfully--


Sure there is! Kiki, get a fey creature in here.


If you go on a date with him, fall in love with him, get pregnant, then he'll want to settle down and make you an honest woman and he'll never go back to your mom again.


I know, but I only do it to protect my friends! And the second one is 39 points of damage.


Oh, two ones! Two ones!


That'd be a Locate Object sort of situation?


Sorry, cats don't like birds.


When we get up to the top.


You can talk. You have however long I choose to give you.


Does it have the vibe of something petrified?


They might.


I'll be fine, I can do this. Really? Okay, no. Okay, well, carry on, let's walk about while we do this. I will read out important things-- Oh, I can't walk with this, can I? I have to leave this on the table.


(singing) Take a bad roll...


(sighs) I'm going to miss you guys a lot.


Nine tentacles?


The plan was you guys can make yourselves look different?


All right. Do you want the robes?


First attack. 14.


She's out of spells.


You got one left.


Exclusively for a number of years.


Takes a strong constitution.


I'll tell you a secret.


What's the dagger?


I don't know what boots you have right now.


Don't look at whatever the eye or light or thing-- I don't know.


Okay. Big ol' two-handed staff swing. That's not bad. 16!


I start turning the bow of the ship out towards the sea.


Okay, good to know, all right, thank you.


I'm going to put her in a cloak that looks like it had wine spilled on it. Like, covering up the rest of the outfit, a big--


He passes.


I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Caleb.


Well, you find us at the show, you'll find my tent and I'd be happy to give you a more complicated reading.


I don't know if it can see me or not, but I would like to hold Magic Missile in case it attacks my friends.


Will it do?


(whispers) I won't.


It's the top of this round.


I'm not touching that. I know where it's been.


It's, you know-- I don't know, do I?


I'm going to shoot him twice as I'm staring at him.


I'm going to cut him out.


To a death in the morning.


Oh Kash, oh hi. Fancy meeting you here. Shit.


Yes, what?


Just to my dad to let him know that I might die attempting to--


And I hand him a parchment and go, if there's anything wrong, just write the message on this, and we'll come help. If there's any emergency. And I hand him a parchment from the Scroll of Telescription that I made.


(high-pitched) Do it, Scanlan, do it!


Can I swing my other hand up and try to pull more?


Can I hold it for a second?


The second one, close the doorway.


We are very random visitors from out of the blue. We do come to you with tragedy. We do have a friend in the ground. We do have friends who are in dire need of assistance. You help people into the ground, but offhand, do you help them out of the ground?


Probably smart. I'll take that back. I crush the goblet in my hand.


Adopted sister.


Huh? God, I don't know. I mean.


Uh, 17.


Yeah. I did it. It's done.


Yeah, dude! This is what you do!


No other people? Guards? Nothing.


Go down for breakfast?


Yeah, look at that. I would maybe breathe a tincture or something. Let's-- yeah, maybe you should get that looked at.


Boobs!


First one does not hit, that is a 12.


Oh god, he's going to blink away immediately.


Is that code for masturbating?


I will not hit Trinket. 24?


Yeehaw!


27, yeah. We gotta go!


We weakened only one side, so hopefully it'll only smash one side.


Thank you, dear.


Testicle roach! (dubious noises)


It will move slower if we kill them.


No, I know but at least maybe they could-- Do you have some burial ritual or anything that you would like to or do these stand as a painful remembrance for you?


What is your rush?


Well, time to light the TNT, let's go.


And I shouldn't have done it.


Holy shit, this guy's good.


Not anymore, it's getting marked off now.


So that's good. (screams) Okay, Trinket gets two attacks because of bestial fury.


Yeah, he’s trying to charm.


Did you learn it today, Pike?


Not if you have official business with the Richter.


This leather that we took--


(sighs) Many of you are going to leave, and that's fair. And that's right, you're free to do so. I wish any of us could promise you safety once you leave this city. But there is no safety anywhere. The dragons fly freely. They may come back and wreak their vengeance upon the rest of Westruun once again. They may not. They may find new, fresh targets. We don't know. (long sigh) We will build an underground haven in case of attack, free of charge. We will make a place that is open to all. Since there seems to be some dispute about the finances, we will create a trust that will be used to help those who stay and help rebuild. It will be managed and it will be fair. And it will not go to titles. If you're properly titled, you'll have money elsewhere, and you'll figure it out. (laughter)


And I cast it at level two.


Okay, cool. That's a 20. Oh! But it's with a stick! Just strength modifier?


The room I could care less about, it's those hats!


Well, short rest and then we head out? We do some attacks and--


What, do you think that they would be susceptible to torture?


How far are we from the tunnel system? Far.


When you're scrying on dragon.


All three together.


-- for both of them--


She evaded it really easy.


The Chocolate Palace.


Hide your kids, hide your wives, hide your faces. It's Sam Riegel. [cheering]


That's-- Freaking out a little bit. 3d8 radiant damage?


And you've moved me as far in that direction as I can go, right?


Yeah, let's post someone here, I guess.


Let's throw gray robe into the annihilation ball. Let's get rid of him.


Okay, not knowing what to do, I will (raspberry). I'm looking at my spells; I've got nothing. I will blast him with a Lightning Bolt, a level three Lightning Bolt.


Let's get out of here.


What was his last name?


You strapping young lads are taking us out to the volcano.


Watching your face, Matt, as all that was happening. You were like, what are they doing?


It's like the start of a Pitbull song.


Down, bitch, down!


Exactly. A train traveling by foot.


Hi. You must be Hieris?


And you should know that if you've apparently been watching us?


Wait, Percy, did you set off a trap? Is that how I died?


Don't say it, Keyleth. Do not fucking say it.


I pull my hood further down over my face.


I'm definitely going to write it down.


This is definitely getting very after-school special for me and the kid just brought out the bag of weed in the after-school special and I'm like, "Oh."


To hit? Oh, that's an attack. Even though he was unconscious?


Bigby's Dirty, Dirty Cat Paw?


We need to sleep anyway, because we're exhausted.


(laughs) The plan has not changed.


Hey now. That's not nice.


I think more than anything they've just missed you, darling.


Yeah, I can set things on fire as well. Do you want to do one?


Oh yes, please.


Was he on one of those stakes?


What a stupid...


Let's keep going up the stairs.


I've read them.


Let it happen! Let it happen!


How is it even flying?


She's going to do it reckless.


Oh hey. Rub a little phosphorus on and-- send a globule of light 120 feet in every direction from the boat, four of them, to see if there's anything.


Is it just about optimizing your home Wi-Fi network?


At a fast pace Matthew-- I'm on horseback with Caleb right? Could I be on the back, maybe just flipping through Jester's sketchbook?


God. A 22 for me. I know!


I've poked my head out to look.


Let's kill some bad guys.


A dark force is coming out of Loch Anus.


That seems like a lot.


This is a teleport sigil. This is not going to require his attention.


That's what I'm saying! Oh, we have a prisoner downstairs, though.


He's doing trigonometry.


Oh, can you do that?


Yeah, Vox Machina is gone. The point is to get it to a range where I know that it's not going to affect them on the dock. It's going to hit the boat.


I don't know what you wrote, but it looked good.


I'll take first.


All right. How tall are they? How big were they?


Caleb's heading down to start searching.


Remember, "LIAM EATS FARTS."


I go to the edge of the loch and watch.


This one is pretty good.


I think we should leave.


Ba dum tss.


Oh! I got 19.


What were those guards’ names?


Wraiths.


Hey, bonus news, though. The charm spell guy isn't going to turn me dead!


The universal symbol for I'm choking.


I was kidding.


I can grapple a creature one size larger than myself.


(laughs) Every time.


Wow, that's intense.


Dr. Dranzel, and I want to know if you're really a doctor later, but I think, perhaps, maybe there's a little tidbit of information about this that you're holding back with because-- I would understand. We're new. We don't really know each other. We're not really on that friendship level yet, but my point is, we could be friends like that. We could be-- I'm trying to see if this works.


So we're--


It's a repeating crossbow.


And upward.


That looked bad from this angle. Yeah, I see it now! Holy cow.


(slurring) What? (shushing)


I'm, for the record, tattooed a lot.


I tie my robe.


Is this a teleport sort of--


So what? The plan was to leave no trace, not take nothing. He was very clear at the outset that we were doing this for money.


All right. Is he tied up? Are you tied up?


Have you seen your wife?


I was pretty much going to say that in character, but yeah, that's pretty much what I feel.


Just skate over that one.


What did he write?


You do-- it's 2d8 plus 10 healing.


(gasps) And I'm just in him. (laughter)


She's got to grab Fjord!


Looking up and noticing that Sir Kerrion is gone and Vax is blindly stabbing into the distance, I'm going to drop my wolf form and cast Faerie Fire in that radius.


(gentle old man impression) Thank god you're here! I've been--


That's a good activity.


Thanks, Ashley.


Not well.


Is it a long walk? Or a long travel?


I only have one other thing. I was taken by Dolan's passionate message.


I'll save it for the crit, then. Yeah, seven, 11, 17, 19--


Yeah, he's stuck. I love that we have floors!


Can I say it? Because I just said, "It could be you." Can I do the same thing?


Yeah, I'm pretty tapped out.


I think we follow them.


Bye! I'll take lava, bye!


Hold on, I have to see if Frumpkin is still here.


I'm also keeping an eye out to see if I see anything come out of the front entrance.


Would he be an ethereal bear, or would be bamf out in the regular plane?


Is there still a cow in the bag?


I'm working on a quilt.


Pop-pop-pop, motherfucker!


Well, how do we get out of here? Can she take us home?


To know if he's actually giving what he's giving?


I want him shimmery green.


No, please don't give it back.


I come running up. No, now. We're going. Good night. Good night! Now! Now. No more. Good night!


That was one time.


So grossed out.


I always have. You have a kindness about you that comes with such ease and honesty. You have always carried a light. Her light. I think, you know, I admire everyone in our band of misfit toys, but you most of all, and when you left, we all noticed its absence. All of us. I think I wanted to find it again for myself. Hers. Your benefactor. I felt Her, and I told myself that when you came back, I was going to come to you and I was going to learn from you, and follow you and follow Her. As soon as you came back. And like so many things that I reach for in this life, it slipped through my fingers, and I've gone and painted myself into a corner. I can't anymore. And I think when I saw you, it was just a reminder of what I lost. I'm sorry for avoiding you.


Ragdoll physics.


How far away did you just pull me?


Oh. Should have done that like a week ago. Good call. Yeah.


Oh, 29 and 20.


Should I put my spirit totem now to give us extra strength?


I'm sorry?


Do that more.


No, we are going to The Pillow House, ja? The Pillow Trove? The Pillow Place?


I think-- are we good?


That was not a good deed. That is literally baseline of what's expected.


Mmm. Mm-hmm.


It takes like at least a few hours to make Sleep arrows, right?


I'm on another plane of existence, though?


I don't think you would benefit from this.


I'm a boy.


Adra, may I ask, obviously we have no dwarves in our little party.


Ugh, why do you have to do that, man?


South, north, northwest. South.


He can't take a magic ride?


How big a place is the door place?


We're right behind you; it's fine.


He had a name?


Not off to a good start with this. Number two. Disadvantage. Fuck.


That's funny. I rolled a three on this die. So that's going to be a six. Guys, I think we're fighting the Bastions. I feel like maybe it's going that way.


Not a great sense of smell. That's for sure.


Yes, absolutely.


What do you want advantage on?


14. 14 points of damage.


Are we not in the mansion right now?


Guys, we have one hit point, by the way.


I'm at a loss for what we're looking at right now.


We love you guys!


I barely remember her.


All right, I guess we'll go back inside, then?


Well, shit. Then I won't do that.


It's a spy!


Fan favorite. And by fan, I mean me. (laughter)


I will grant you cock lightning.


So long as you guys all hold--


That was 3 points of damage.


Hey, rogue's Evasion.


Do we have to pay for it?


Let a man be eccentric.


Oh. Well, I mean, yeah.


Why don't you go find it and come back and tell us?


Make yourself look like that, I'm not exactly sure what that would do.


I can lend the scope of my gun, if that helps.


Vedmeyer.


That's ironic.


Did that look familiar?


Are there trees?


Simon? Answer your master. I can't.


Oh fuck! No!


Oh, like Nott? A little person.


It's a temporary fucking mansion. I bust through.


I will have Frumpkin back away, under the crack.


Our wonderful artists. Kit Buss and...


Dick. All right.


(laughing) I mean, I don't know.


Okay. Yeah, my friends!


I'm going to light one of those firecrackers again, and I'm going to toss it this direction towards the front of the door.


We lost him.


He's in the middle of a conversation right now.


We can still find the back sewer entrance, have Nott pop the lock, and we know how to go.


What is happening to you now?!


Is that her name? It's definitely Gamora.


Look into the wind, look into the typhoon, tell me what you see!


Two copper.


Okay, all right. I pick up the half-elves.


You know, it's entirely possible that there'll be several creatures fighting over my body when I die, and my soul when I die, already.


Oh, wow, thank you!


Yeah, but I would throw the whole thing down. I throw it down to him.


How do we know that you can clear our name? We've proven to you that we're lucky. You know our reputation. We don't know anything about you.


Well, yeah, speaking from a selfish position, if I fall, you can really do whatever the fuck you want. I think honor is bupkis at that point. So I don't mind what you do after that.


I stole two buttons!


It's Arkhan's commercial head shot.


Does Sentinel come after the attack or before the attack?


The question I think would be good to end out on is, "what would each of you recommend to them to tell their friends to get them into D&D?" How would you recommend other people push D&D onto people?


Okay, I'm throwing that one out there.


How long have you been down here? This place is great. This is great.


Starts tomorrow at 7pm!


Hold a dash for Keyleth’s turn.


S'good, s'good. It feels good. It feels good. Stove cat.


You got it, one big purple feather.


Yes. I've got one kit left so I'm going to use my medicinal herbs on you, Beau, to get rid of the poison.


Let's go that way. We'll go towards the flaying.


What do they do? What do these lines do?


This was the first time that's happened.


Oh! I touched him!


Well, I only sleep naked in the lady-favors house.


I giggle-snort.


Some sort of outlook or something. Something that was not formed by nature here.


A fighter is born.


And Raishan discovers this information.


Well, I can't say Senokir's jewelry shop in the City of Brass?


You know, I've never really thought about it before. Yeah, I can think of about four things I'd like to get. That's nice. Yeah.


One more thing, just so they know we're following through. We have the picture for you guys to sign. So Niareth won this, when we reached 1,000 subs, so I think Pike is all that's left for that.


I learned it today. But you have to be within 30 feet of me.


This might be a good time to stop for a moment.


All right, we're working our way up. We're here.


I did, but hurry!


I just thought she was being a bitch.


I'm invisible!


The Dawnfather said we must hurry or else the world will end.


Do you want to show me some of your drawings?


Like Battleship, but better.


Yes, of course. I'll come with you, Fjord.


Well, we could ask her to drop the Seeming.


Natural 20.


I take out the giant cask of ale and I just...


Bacon has saved many a people.


With the silent extra talk. [no audio]


Focus past the distractions.


Pipe to smoke or anything? Just anything to relax you, make you feel better.


What did I do?


We'll pay whatever cost you need.


That's a 23 to hit. Of course that hits, as well! Just unconscious again.


I'm on it.


Are any of them concentration spells?


Is it a wisdom thing?


Would you be interested in a trade?


That was us. We killed them all.


Well. Can I have one to examine?


That is true, these guys were called Cricks.


We're doing great.


It's a joy, Matt.


Yes, I know, I'm just kidding, That's not what, that's not what I want to do. I was just, had this feeling that Scanlan was doing something and I felt that--


Can I land? (all laugh)


Is there a discount for two?


(air horn blaring)


First, Grog is at one hit point. Okay? So I'm going to use my 6th-level and I'm going to use Heal.


Nothing crazy going on on our ship? I don't see some figures or anything?


I rolled five natural 20s before the show even started.


We need Whoopi Goldberg.


Cut to an hour later, and someone's jamming an adrenaline needle.


Even the extra action?


He's still like almost a hundred hit points.


No, I'm just asking.


I'm pretty sure we want your brain around, Percy. I know you're uncomfortable around all this shit, but I want you to fucking suck it up.


Her sisters. Parents are alive.


Do I sense her with my Hunter's Mark?


But if you want to--


Oh, what's the sign?


Can we have a Kima wedding?


What is wrong with you?! First shopping, and now we give up. What the fuck?!


Yeah, there was nothing down there.


I wink at him. (all laugh)


Immune to fear, and what was it?


This is beautiful.


Listen, seeing as how that you've killed one of my undead thralls, it'd be really nice if I could join you to see if maybe we can scrounge up some other things along the way.


Okay. Yes.


Yeah, right. Funny thing about me. So look, who else is out in this field with you right now?


I don't know what I thought, but that's what I did.


I rolled a 21 investigation check.


What should we say?


Second attack. Oh my god, 20. 20 on the second attack.


And while they're doing the tour, maybe we can pop over real quick and I think that would be better than him seeing them here.


It means you're a good influence or we're a terrible influence on you.


Thank you for all your support.


You poor thing, you should get out more.


Or even at the blacksmith's shop?


Into the wall, or out from the wall?


Saving throw, 13.


Plenty of work up top, away from this orb of death. It's very dangerous.


Let me see if I know. Will I know the Change-Bringer?


Water is valuable.


No, Derek!


Medicine check.


What if the safehouse is that other tunnel? What if this whole thing is the safehouse?


It's their new limited edition.


Did we take off the mask?


Quid pro quo.


Let's just talk--


I give some healing to Pike, as well.


Trinket, shush. Oh, I didn't feed him today, he's probably so hungry.


Oh boy, they have all of us all crammed up in this little space.


Watch me roll a fucking 20 on this.


Oh. Sorry! It's hard to see with my helmet! No peripheral vision.


Here we go. I Dimension Door us across the river, if it works.


We'll look as we're voguing.


Well, Grog says I'm right in front of him.


Yeah, no problem.


So glad I'm here to be useful.


Yeah, like evil handwriting.


Okay, I'm going to burn an action surge to take a third shot.


Child, how long has it been since you've been away from your home?


There was a video that Orion took when Matt told us about Geek & Sundry coming to him. And us all sort of toasting and laughing.


It's 11 points of damage.


Ja. Goodnight.


I barrel-roll out of the way.


We're not here to be friends or rekindle anything, but it seems like we want the same thing, in a roundabout way. We want to end these dragons. We want to return the world to what it once was. Any help you can give in spite of our past, in spite of all the bullshit between us will be appreciated by more than just she and I.


Did you get fired?


18, plus, what is that? Investigation? Or insight?


Oh no! What did he do to Pike?


Well, I don't know if that is any of your business at this time.


Woo! Ooh! (laughter)


Briorities.


You can't pour anything in my mouth?


It says life-- (laughter)


(muttering) 20, 21, 22. (louder) 31 total.


How close is it to you guys?


Even then, the ground's going to get--


Do the spiral stairs go up and down?


Ja, anything could happen right here.


It doesn't matter! We just need her to believe that I can cure her disease.


Got my rock.


So sad, so sad.


Can he try to climb up and get away from it? Oh, no. He'll take a hit, won't he.


-- that we took the damn book.


If you pull out a real medi-kit now I'm going to be really excited. 50 bandages come flying in...


Totally. Dick move.


Right next to them.


Little treat.


That is really hot.


My natural 20 for Pike, wasted!


Truthfully, I have no idea.


We had an elephant fight. (laughter)


Whitestone's about to be destroyed.


Something I'd rather ignore.


We're doing all right.


Do I have any sense of what that is?


I actually slip and fall backwards like-- (laughter)


Please, please no. Please, no.


I don't think we're here in this city to become lords and ladies serving Uriel, as good a man he is. I think Percival's our ally, and this is a grievous wrong done to him, and we can kill two birds with one stone.


Where does 'black heart' come from?


Coldstone? That's a great idea!


Yes, Yenk.


Is the range? How are--


Yes you are, ahoy!


So we gotta stop into Emon first.


I rolled the wrong, I actually rolled the wrong tens.


What else are we going to do? We can't heal!


It's a kill-Trinket arrow.


I pat his little head as I walk through the blades. Not his cube. Just the top of his head. (laughter)


You think your little armor will fit me.


Sell shit. Sign up for the Victory Pit.


I put my foot on him to stop him.


It would have been true 30 minutes ago.


It's very ordered.


To your temple.


No, the stairs were down in the corner closest to us.


All right, and that would be-- okay.


Or we could send it straight up.


She's a mage, right?


I'm going to use my bonus action--


Are you guys disguised?


I'll do Greater. Do you mind, Percy?


Okay, how long did you do that?


Oh, come on, come on.


With pomp and circumstance and purpose.


Holy shit!


Wait, before we dive into this mountain-- we know that there's ghouls and god knows what else down there. Shouldn't we find out?


Everybody went from no potions to, well, I've got this, I've got this.


Two whole rubies?


Fly, you fools!


Are you all right? Did they do anything? Are you yourself?


You've been there.


I feel like we have to help them. We have to help them!


Hugging Santa's little helper.


(sings) -- and you rattle my brain.


I am Keyleth, daughter of Vilya and Korren of the Air Ashari, and I am here to complete my Aramente. And I bow again, under the water.


--and complicated, in the horns?


You've got it made. You're safe.


Why, because I'm three feet tall?


No. No, he's at her side, but it's being filtered through the Raven Queen. So these are my words to her. I'm here today because of a bargain my brother made with you, so I know you like to make deals as much as I do. He traded his life. He became your champion, and you spared mine, and what a striking champion he is. Long dark hair and a strong lithe figure soaring over the land in raven feathers and a dark vestige. He set pyres in your honor. Sent soul after soul to you. It would be a shame to give that up, especially now. And I remember the book that I read. Especially now as Orcus builds his forces against you. The demon prince of the undead seeks to claim your throne. You know this as well as I. We just recently killed one of his loyal servants in the Underdark, before my brother ever came into your service. Imagine what he could do now. So this is the deal I make with you: you send him back, allow my brother to come home, and we will seek out Orcus. I will track him down, I will hunt him in whatever pit he resides, and we will destroy your enemy once and for all. What say you?


I'm going to give you another one of the greater potions. So mark that down.


We could lose our memories!


Are you friends? Are you on the same mailing list?


Dead dwarf?


It has to use an action to break out.


I have no ruby.


Rage-climb!


Many, there're lots of them. There're lots of them that attacked.


(laughs) Dangerous nerd.


Can you hear me?


That was pretty good! I liked it a lot!


Tell him that joke you know.


Yeah, it's easier. I cast Firebolt into one of them.


We literally caught you stealing our stuff. Here's an extra platinum.


By your head.


I don't trust your "married in this bullshit" shit. 20, total.


Ah, so your real name is Hotis.


Actually, it was not the exact same color. It was a similar color, but not the same color.


Can I get on the broom? And fly up above the pool of water and look down into it?


I agree with Percy.


Okay, so I'm okay.


Performance? Come on. 28.


But there's hundreds more inside the city walls. Thousands.


I do 11 points of whacky-whacky damage and try to bait this thing into turning on me.


And he dies.


No. It's Pike.


All right. Plus one to--


You charge for these services?


All right, you know. Yeah. Don't congratulate him! Don't encourage that!


Underneath us.


Sorry, Grog. Yes, of course. We're walking. We're doing this while we walk. We're not wasting time with this conversation. We're traveling with this conversation.


But what's his breed? What's his color?


Whenever he's ready.


That's fair, too, but they could try and run.


Yeah, I was going to say I have a terrible idea. I think they wanted to leave, so what if they know of some hidden treasure trove around here? That could, you know, tit for tit.


I'm going down, I'm rappelling. Rappelling. Rappelling.


Or a sleep arrow.


Backblaze, that's right. One point for Laura. Okay. Here the game begins. The opposite color of white, and the topmost part of a helicopter.


You're nothing! You're nobody!


And now I'm going to use my bonus action to go into earth elemental form.


Hold on. I have to find it.


All right, okay.


Yes, hello, hi. I look like your brother but I'm shorter.


Yeah he called you 'little elf-girl and little elf-boy'. I don't like him.


Or a compliment. (laughter)


Well, of course. We are the illustrious Mighty Nein. Servants of Zadash.


That happened after they discovered me.


If we are in a group, they are. They were around the group.


All right, let's do that.


Oh, yay. Who wants to trade me a Cyborg?


No, I didn't win. They were unveiling my character in Uncharted tonight.


Yeah, I'll go get a table. Does someone want to tuck Kiri in?


You're invisible.


And by "robbed," he means half of our party got abducted. "Robbed?" That's such a light way of putting it.


That was so stressful!


Never before.


Gigantic hats.


Do you want to hit something? Here, I'm--


What is that thing in the middle?


You've proven to be irresponsible.


Everything's a concentration thing, so I'm just going to lightning arrow the giant fire guy.


All the blood's gone.


I just don't want to say the wrong thing.


Are we there? We done?


Come on, Yenk. Kill that thing. (plastic platform clatters)


I mean there might be something to be gleaned from going back to the war camp.


Kashaw. Watch this. (laughter)


I think we got the information--


I didn't understand any of that.


Out come the lungs.


"Hey, Percy!" (laughs) That's my turn, that's all I can do. And I still maintain the thing.


Pike, tell me a story!


But my Death Ward would last for ten days.


You don't think we're, like, perfectly on this tree's radar? That going stealth is insulting?


He's like catatonic.


One, two, three. (stone grinding)


Well, I c-- we should probably--


Tiny little nubs?


I will-- how far away am I? Ten, 20, 30. I don't know, I'll cast Silent Image.


No, you can't do that. I'm just saying it's weird.


Oh! We know things, why don't we pose as like Trostenwald brewers or something and our brew shipment-- I'm spitballing-- got stolen by someone and we need help to get it back!


Can we see through it at all? What's in there?


Okay, I'll make my run away, my getaway. (trilling)


Or we could just sit here for a bit and I could catch my breath, I think.


No, I'm saying I could do some insight checks on people.


The scar!


Are we there yet?


d8 plus three. That's this one. All right, four. Four plus three is seven!


If I fold it up like a little triangle. Just a simple--


Hey, guys? This is weird. He's not going to return your emails. No. He's not a fan.


I get my little bouquet of wildflowers and I give it to Nott.


Zephra. But they don't know what that means.


Climbing, climbing the rope, climbing the rope.


Travis, pull good! Oh, please don't bring pit fiends on our heads.


We need to rest, eventually, and you need to commune. We'd better assume we're being seen and heard at all times.


One was a natural 20 from Gil.


Yes. She was, she was. Yes, I think, yeah. She wasn't that giant. No, she was. Okay. And I have a very restless night thinking about everything.


Do you know where they are heading?


Last of my movement. Yeah.


You haven't left in 18 years!


I will run full speed through the difficult terrain. How far can I get?


Do you know if he kept anything in a secret place?


Look at these, Scanlan.


Should we bring someone along to corroborate our stories?


I throw in 165 that's Molly's, but also, hang on. Before we do all this. Listen, Norda, I know we caused a lot of a headache for you when all this was going down.


Is yours the only business that was hit?


She's giving you the Randy Savage from the bedpost.


Persuasion, persuasion. 21.


Is that a window I'm up against, behind me?


I go, oh shit. And then I turn to Percy and I say, the tree talked to me.


Yeah, are there any other creatures here that are small that go unseen? The size of rats or birds of some sort?


Can I duck back behind the corner, or am I exposed?


How are we going to take down entire walls without being--


I did. McLaren von Tosscobble. Oh, it was fun. He has secrets. And bourbon. He had lots of bourbon.


If only it was for something a little more important, but it's fine.


An extra four.


Okay, I'm going to cast-- fuck. I'll move forward-- well, yeah, to be closer to Beau, and I'm going to cast-- fuck it-- Sanctuary.


No, we lost her.


Yeah, they should've told us that. I don't think they wanted to tell us that.


That's an awful long time.


I like "on me" better than "roll out!"


Isn't that a famous, like--


That's amazing. I'll go for it, and I'll whack on a wall. Do I just hit a wall anywhere?


Yes! Absolutely.


Five times your Spellcasting ability modifier. My Spellcasting ability modifier is-- what?


I tried to talk to Pelor, but people were like, "No, don't talk to Pelor."


You're at full?


Confused is complicated.


Whatever I've got ten minutes of zip, baby! Let's go forward.


I creep up past my sister and place a hand on his knee, which is in my fucking face.


Right off the bat?


(relieved noises) (cheering)


12 01 is the start of the next day. Midnight is still today.


Sorry, because everyone is so lovely, can you tell me--


Do we still have Pass Without a Trace?


What's the idea?


That was the last one?


Sure, yes, whatever you want, Caleb. It sounds serious.


Aren't you just a little bit scared that this person, Avantika, has spent all this time and resources trying to get these things and you've got one in you and we're going right towards her. Isn't that a little scary?


Super interested to find out who this guy is. I feel like we should deal with one thing-- I'm super focused on this current--


That's hospitality.


Yeah, I rolled a 26 on stealth.


Could I cast it on you to forget that I've already cast it twice?


Wait, do I get my--


Can I gauge roughly how far he went down that hall? Do I see down the hall?


(as Jester) "Molly?"


(Dwarven accent) Oh, great.


Should I do damage on all of these?


I bet it's a 20.


I mean, all tea is really dead people tea when you think about it, so.


Then we go away. We don't try to fight it.


Yes, it's close, it seems.


We are definitely-- this is going to be real good.


Yeah, put it back in.


Both ways?


He’s going to fucking Finger of Death.


You did a good thing here. You did good today.


Come on, first roll of the night.


That solves everything.


Oh, 13. Sorry.


Or other people in the show, it's fine, whatever. So just be active in the chat room. I'm going to go! I'm going to let these guys do their thing. I don't want to give you guys any more interruptions until the show is over, so enjoy. Just watch the chat room for giveaways! Thank you!


I agree. Let's risk it.


It's an oven. I'm looking for some sort some sort of cancel mechanism somewhere on the outside of the door.


How old are you?


Oh, Shale.


Your scry pie?


Hey, for hit point counts here, I'm under the impression that we had some bonus hit points from some speech or something? Do we heal those as well?


It was also the only wisp that wasn't affected by the Turn Undead. Where did that confetti come from?


(sings) It's right next to me now!


Percy, don't you know the Feywild?


Do we need to give you a moment alone? We can leave.


Oh, I had bonuses to saving throws that I didn't even fucking realize. It's pretty good. 23.


We have new shirts! We have new hats!


And Kiki loves me.


Harpies.


Right.


No, you don't. But I can do it to everybody, one by one, if we get to an open area.


Cue internet rage.


It's close.


I'm going to miss you, Kerr.


Carriage. Let's go. How much do they cost?


(sighs) Can I crack one?


(whispering) Let them pass.


No, I have one last announcement.


Oh my gosh, I get to hit a hundred hit points because of that spell. That's amazing.


Six plus four, ten, 1d6, 15 points of damage.


It's like 100 hit points, I think?


Yes! I understand that completely. You and I, we're going to be real close, I can feel.


I know, I feel like it's just at home and we can just like--


I'm going to move stealthily along the wall so I can maybe be out of that thing. Can I be?


Nope. Don't worry, though; I touched all your dice, so they're going to roll great tonight.


I'm Roy Mustang. (laughter)


Can I run back to Vex and offer her a healing potion, unless someone can do better?


I'm only within range of Kima. I'm not going to give away my position to inspire her.


Eight. My first eight.


Is his face super crushed?


It's my middle-- I only have one name. (laughter)


Does this mean we're even? This hat makes us even?


He's Hotis!


I'm fine. How's my lungs?


Oh, shit, dammit.


I don't even know what just happened.


I could do it again--


Okay, can I see if she's lying?


Two, four, six, eight, ten. Love you, Taliesin.


Meant to ask where the entrances are. Sorry, you guys.


That just went right up my nose. It burns. That is not pleasant.


I'm going to spend two sorcerer points. And I'm going to reach out my hand, and I'm going to form an ice knife and-- where is the queen, actually?


He's literally picking up dried pieces of seagull poop. (all laugh)


It would have been.


It's a little big for the Haversack.


I was thinking about you.


No, it's not ready. (group laughs)


It's a party, girl.


Right. That's right.


Meanwhile everyone is talking to this stranger, I'm going to edge up to this hole in the ground and hold onto rocks because I'm scared to death. Look over and send my globules of light down there to see if it's a deep hole, if it goes a long way, what am I looking at?


I'll let you know when I get there.


Okay, 14 points of radiant damage.


I think I'm okay. Do I know what hit points I'm at?


Cursed lizard, we're going to give all your treasure to the poor!


Can you get it empty or close to empty if you try?


Was that "I Saw The Sun"?


Not true, not true.


Investigation? Natural fucking 20!


Nah, we need to spread out. Can I go back and arc the other way? Can I run to the left as far as I can?


I did say some things that I probably should not share with you, Nott.


And popped this out right there. So now we're going into this.


Do it for the Star Wars trailer.


I'm checking in with Tiberius-- oh sorry, Percy.


I rolled the same thing, so it's a 24. Reliable talent.


Where should we meet?


(clears throat) That would be the kingslayer. Me.


Yeah. What I'm gonna do, I just want the terrain to look, on my side--


I am not demanding anything, but my counter proposal is that I walk 500 yards back along the road, put the silver thread across the road so we know they are coming, spend a few hours hiding ourselves at the tops of these hills, waiting. Nobody is in the road.


It's not like we can stop you.


But he takes a while to come back.


Yasha. Just so we know and can-- I trust you. But if there's anything that we need to know, now would be a good time to tell us so that we're not in danger. Are you a Xhorhasian spy come here to do bad things to the empire?


Yeah, fuck it; okay. I'll try it.


Yeah, they don't like us.


No, I didn't think so. That is terrible. That's just ten. And I use my movement to fly directly under him.


Of course I can, of course I can. I'm going to take care of this, hold on. Yeah, this is thieves' tools, correct? 26.


We do know, for whatever she has, blocked my scrying. So whatever it is blocked my magic.


I don't know which camera to look at because it's a little different than before.


Did he steal your jacket? (spacey warbling)


Is there another door in this building that we can exit out?


Makes their numbers count for nothing.


And he'll come find us.


I may or may not have been thinking of the Critters while I was picking that song. Just so you guys know.


Captain.


Then they fessed up to everything! They were like, "We're a fiend!" and she was like, "I'm a little girl!"


Use it!


You can go through the acid.


Oh, we look like the gloom stalkers! No, those are the flying ones.


Do you see it? Show me.


Clarota, what about the thing he was carrying? Can you eat that thing's brain?


We were hoping for access to some of the deep research archives. We've been looking around, we have several complicated matters that we need to research, and we heard that you had a wonderful collection and we were hoping to gain access to some materials, preferably of the histories of Orcus, the Nine Hells, a few various things.


No, but good enough.


And just start to see if I can make out what it is.


Wait, well--


Critical Role, Critical Role.


(laughing) I encourage violence!


How many skeletons are in range right now?


Yes, Trinket stays.


Is it we're going to have to do radiant damage?


(normal voice) Are we really going to do this?


No, I'm not going in!


They? It's just one.


Yeah, that's all-- I'll use my movement to go--


I woke up and took a dirt bath.


Well, they're not going to use it.


Let's open the door.


Oh god.


Wait, is that that super fucking tall thing we saw?


We have to find out why there are zombies so we that don't get arrested for being zombies.


Higher! Higher!


Can we all come and open card packs?


Could I have also gone to Gilmore's?


I should probably roll for Laura. What do you think? You think she'll appreciate that?


Yeah. Didn't work out.


So then ten.


Your first time's always disappointing.


Frumpkin can attack?


Natural 20. Roll now. Do it right now. That's not a 20.


(giggles) Wild dogs?


I find that last one.


Do I still have any movement?


It is, so just regular healing potion for now. Which is what, 2d8?


And do you have something that can, say, catapult things around the room?


Yeah, I mean we could come back to Thordak just destroyed everything.


Unless we're all dead next week. In which case--


Oh, a thing I don't know, so it's just a thing. I'm going to try and catch it, so we'll see how that goes. I'm trying to find the die for that, which seems to have vanished. There we are. 17 points? All right, let's see what this does. Okay, so that's down to nine points. Okay. So is it 17 total?


Sorry, the Cobalt Soul branch in Zadash.


I'm steering us the fuck outta here, man.


No, I'm going to keep going.


I walk up to one of the two crownsguard outside the door.


Even if we didn't make it, I feel like we had to do the Q&A because there's two $1,000 donations in here.


Half of us are animals. The other half can ride them in our Alter Self forms like a SeaWorld show.


Behind that tree? You mean behind Grog and stuff?


Oh, Pike! Can you heal Trinket. He's really almost dead.


Right, and we could be like--


Next turn can I try something?


Sober! I'm doing ribbon dances in the bedroom.


It works for Yasha.


Great! Can we stay the night there?


Tumblr is so happy right now.


That's okay, we all start somewhere.


It's the lowest form of humor.


It's so pretty!


Could I ask you a question? So I have this new axe, right, it's really nice. I got it off the leader of goliaths, real prick. It's really strong and I've known about it for years, there's nothing, like, funny about-- Actually, if I give this to you, would you just tell me if you, like, hear anything?


Right, right. Is anybody around me now?


I give it to Vax.


Ironically, crushed by a tree. Curse you, nature.


We're going to have to collect him before we go.


I'm walking up the steps. I'm putting the mask on.


Well, think about it. Put it away.


Oh, hey!


Slippy.


Oh, I put my head back in the door, and I throw him a turkey leg and a beef jerky stick. I gotta get rid of this stuff. It's been in here for years.


Okay. You stay there with the halfling. I might be able to negotiate my way a little further.


The classic.


If we're going to leave, could I make a small request?


Outmanned!


Oh. Well. Glad I wounded my friend for no good reason. Okay.


d8 is--


(whispers) Ziggurat.


Oh, the robe. No, I threw it down, though.


Oh, 6d12.


He's going to jump in the water.


And I just, it's fine, I bring down a bolt of lightning on a dummy, and then see if I can also command Fassbender to punch a dummy.


Is this really the moment to talk about this?


We learned a few things, actually. He's a prime target. Perfect victim, perfect candidate. No one really paid attention to him, he was old, he had no family, his son's gone.


So yeah, check it out if you wanna wear your Critical Role goodies.


Thanks! Thank you, long list.


I mean, I really don't see the harm in spending another day here and getting the lay of the land.


If there's a problem, we can call the others. We won't be that far away.


That's important at this moment.


Listen, she has a whole duffel bag.


Does she look grumpy?


And enchantment.


Can you raise earth? Can you make a dam?


We'll have a rope tied.


And remember I said make sure to tell them how Vox Machina saved the day, and how wonderful we are, and you said, yes you would do that.


I don't know, I certainly like him.


There is only one Frumpkin. I stayed up all night doing all of those things because they're very time-intensive and would have went to find Beauregard, very tired and ready to go, to stay at the library as long as I am able. She said a number of days, and when those days are up, the thing that I would do is spend as much time that is left with the-- I would borrow Jester's haversack, if she would let me, and spend time with the dodecahedron.


Yeah. Let's kill them!


You don't know what's going on there!


That, or we just hate doors. Let's go get a drink!


He's very well traveled. Very well cultured. That's part why we hired him.


A four.


We technically have our hands free and are tied to the rope, so in theory we could still use our hands and just try and all shift backwards like stupid people.


(laughs) It's a good roll.


Here comes the other three.


He seems totally normal to me.


Thaumaturgy to close the windows, maybe?


Rogues, man, rogues!


Most times, family comes into town, you show them a couple sights--


Bye, Taliesin! We love you!


Yeah, not great. 15.


Do you want-- we distract Crownsguard?


Same plan.


I used my action to--


Wow, which is ten now. And Great Weapon Master is ten.


Straight down?


Perception check. Insight check.


We did this already.


I don't know if that's a good thing.


We'll take those. We can take the plate armor if there's room for it in the bag, and then see if it's actually magical outside of the field.


I'm thinking about plugging these holes.


That's not terrible. 12.


Oh, are you dead or something?


That would be a choice.


Oh, I always tell the truth. Mom and Dad said, very important to always tell the truth.


A dragon is terrible, as well.


The Young Avengers?


Tigers aren't that bad.


Hmm? Who does that?


They're called gifts for a reason, right? It'd be rude to give them back.


And plus two from me.


Nothing, nothing.


I spent a Grit point for that.


He's going to take a whack at you in a minute anyway.


All right, since he killed the big one can I fly down to the one that's right next to Vax with Scanlan on my booty?


The Archive?


MIT is just going, come on.


He does it clumsily.


I have no initiative whatsoever. (laughter)


He's like  hold on.


(groans) That would suck so hard.


Sure, I'll drag that out and jump over the side and try and push up against the hole.


(deep voice) Hey, how you doing?


I can see the stalagmites?


Guys, it feels good to be home.


(splashing) (laughter)


I'll take some too, as well.


Something's rumbling? I wasn't paying attention.


What if she doesn't come?


And I'm asking to speak with the Many?


If you fail, it's half damage, not full damage.


Is Clarota still here with us? (laughter)


All right, fuck it, I walk over and I take the rat out of Vax's hands and I shake it awake.


The Xhorhasians.


Should we sleep here?


Baratheon.


Oh my god, I love her.


And we steal the baby.


(laughs) It is the way I do it. I can still move?


I take it with booze.


Can we not try and save from it? We can't do shit? We're just on auto-pilot, at this point?


Shit, that misses. Two.


Yes, and many of us were in the game yelling our asses off. I played a little character known as Orc 4. It was so much! I did 20 recording sessions.


And Vecna's just a user. This place was just sitting there. He lifted it up and took it away. These assholes don't have anything to do with--


Oh, that's a natural 20.


Big breath. (deep inhale)


(yelling in pain)


He was called away on a special project? What sort of special project?


(singing) Gimme gimme gimme!


I am blue and that's the same color as the sea.


I don't know, man, he's volunteering you.


Where'd you get that great t-shirt you're wearing?


Yes, the Pablove Foundation raises money to battle childhood cancer, and we're supporting Blair Herter on his ride from San Francisco to Los Angeles. We've raised over $64,000, maybe more by now. I haven't checked in a little while. We're trying to get to $100,000, and if we do, we will get to unlock me doing a Fireside Chat.


It's going to require some delicacy.


Well, Horris is part of the mission.


I'm sorry, Liam.


15. No, 16.


I have to say it because Taliesin said it (whispers) Don't die.


Oi, what's your name?


Wait are you above me or below me?


No. We make our way up the rope into the bottom of the tree, but the entrance is still open.


Yeah, we put our winnings-- we split it up and threw it in the pack.


Oh, so slower by cart because--


I've got a lot of health potions.


"I'm making this up as I go! I don't know what I'm doing."


Oh, oh, ooh! I think Pike and Grog would benefit from these, most definitely. Here.


There is photographic evidence.


All right, Storm?


Yeah. He was hungry all of a sudden?


Probably should just tell him what you were really looking for.


It's a condition.


This is just the first layer of the onion. There's eight more names to come!


I might be able to do something.


Okay, that's better. Is that it?


Shame.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You need to print one in black and white.


There's not chairs. What?


I heard a groan.


I am in the room. There are a couple of options. I could dispel it; It would take me about ten minutes. I would no longer be invisible, we would lose time.


Well, there were a lot of innocent people in that death hole and they're alive because of you. Jester's mother is better off because of you. Alfield is better because of you-- you have done a lot of good.


Okay. Yay. Yeah.


There is a thing out around our fire a ways off.


Okay, we should go up. We should keep going.


We've been vacationing from it for a while.


Did you ask him if he's going to help us?


We were going to head to the Loch.


To be fair, they make pornographic cakes there, so it's all right.


What are in those vials?


Do any of us remember why Nitebe went to Wildmount?


Regis Philbin.


I don't want to say.


Oh, Vax. Hi.


How far are we? That's another question.


And there's a place to click on the page where you are right now watching this.


Second one, reckless. Natural 20.


All right. You can have it.


Was it Orly?


Do it. Yeah, that's pretty much it, man.


That's right, 50.


Who would voice our characters is my question.


Yeah, from Zephra.


I'm going to throw two daggers at it. I hope that Trinket's near it, but we'll see. So, at disadvantage. Bollocks! That's 15.


I did! I write it down and I press a flower, or I save some of it. And then can I Druidcraft some more, now that I know what it is?


How are we going to survive two weeks thinking about this? I know what we'll do! We'll subscribe to Loot Crate and we'll find all sorts of things to keep us-- We'll be able to play with new toys and drink from-- (laughing)


Advantage. Ooh, that's even worse! 17.


Can you get us out of here?


Got it. Okay. Great.


Okay, thank you! The King said we're going to declare war on Xhorhas or something like that, I don't remember. Then there's 1000 dead! The skies were black--


Do you think Kima wants to go potion-shopping? Maybe we should go get some shit and then see Kima? I think Kima would be a little impatient.


Does that sound familiar to us at all?


In addition to our plus two, so now we have 21.


And it comes with water, how handy.


Well, no, they like it for some reason.


Look over here!


I know but--


Oh, tight.


Everyone use the rope. It's time to leave.


It may not have necessarily been my ass that you buried.


Yeah. I've got three greatswords that are shit.


I would really like the opportunity to leave this place better than we found it, especially for these kids.


So a big muddy claw sinks into its tail and pulls it down in place.


You make yourself more nauseous by closing your eyes.


I mean, it's in front of us, yeah? About how far away is it?


The cat is with me.


That is really nice. That's good.


We did not walk right past you! We looked around! You're big, we would have seen you!


You're the last one to realize that?


Like a person-sized hole?


Okay. I have to roll, though. I have to do a roll to see if it survived the throw.


Once we've gathered some resources, when we return, we prepare to attack post-hunt. Once it has exhausted itself on something large and angry, that is when we strike the dragon.


Hey, as I tell you guys-- Hey, crew. By the way, crew as I tell you guys about Loot Crate, can you guys get a camera up here? I'm going to show some close-up things. Should have done that ahead of time. It's on its way. Okay. Loot Crate, the theme this week is Primal. Brands include X-Men, Overwatch, Predator, you can go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the promo code CRITICALROLE for 10% off. And that's some severe savings. Just a few days left to catch this month's theme, so check it out. They're a great sponsor; we love them. They do so much for the show. We genuinely appreciate them. Okay, that being said-- and this will tie into Loot Crate, I promise-- I was thinking a lot this week about fan art. Are you on me? Whatever. Fan art.


Am I at disadvantage or anything because I'm--


(singing) The bros are back in town!


That's impossible. You can't make something like that!


Thanks for the damn compliment.


Okay, well, he's dead. Should I just keep chipping away?


Yeah, but the sword has necrotic, right? Or your shroud?


It's very insightful.


It's a game?


(loudly) Yeah, I spy birds, they're flying everywhere. (yells) Go away!


Triumvirate, I suppose?


Nice, Fatty!


This is Clarota aftershock.


Is it, though?


You crushed it.


Sure. I'm a master swordsman. I draw my blade. Talk to me, baby.


We're here, aren't we?


You know, for six gold, you could buy yourself some real fancy clothes.


I guess it seems like it's safe enough, right? Around here right now?


Pretty sure we can call for someone with our--


Green stuff should sponsor us.


I also meant to say I was shooting from my Blood-Seeker Bow. I pulled it out and said I was going to do it.


Has my minute of Hand worn off yet?


That was it? Yeah, oh, okay. I'll run down and kneel next to Caleb and go: (English accent) Help me help this man! I will pour a healing potion into his mouth.


I would also say we should take the six superior healing potions, as well.


I need them. I could probably use those.


Is it my spell save DC?


Xerox!


It's two 26s.


Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books.


Let's go parading through the castle.


I just said we have two sticks.


No, this is new for me. This is new.


Okay. I'm going to attack it. 23?


Do you think this tower is compensating for something, or maybe it's a representation. Hard to tell.


Somehow everything you have said since the minute we've walked into this building has made 100% sense, and I think that's what scares me the most, is I understand everything you've said.


I'll tell your story, and I'll tell it very well.


I am going to cast-- so sorry, I'm doing this weirdly--


What were the name of the guards in Emon? Did they have a name?


Is the pit fiend considered huge or large?


Yeah, I mean, I hope we do.


Oh, come on! I don't even know if I want to do that for 20 gold.


There has to be a hole in it for you to be able to do that.


Oh, do I roll that?


Yeah, we'll be back.


I don't want to. (counting) 18.


Everything since I met you all has felt like a dream. Even the worst of it.


Do you still love him?


I miss, horribly.


Give me the book.


Some of us used spells. Fly and stuff.


My plan is, we do our best to sneak in, we find cover. Obviously, you said there's abandoned buildings. We find cover. We heal the tree. I have some other ideas. We take those zombie giants out one by one, quietly.


How do you feel, actually? Do you feel it?


I'm just trying to be honest!


Oh yeah, go closer to the creature. That's a good idea.


How long since you left Xhorhas? Did you grow up there? That's a better question, take that one.


This spoon!


Yeah. As I'm arcing down and I look out the side, is the eye doing anything?


I should probably tag along.


Can I take the Sword of Kas and aim for the Hand of Vecna? Can I try and chop the wrist?


Someone asked many questions. "When did Pike and Scanlan start flirting?" Or, "When did Scanlan start flirting with Pike?" Right from the beginning.


I don't know how big they are.


Want both of us to do it?


He didn't make it.


Can I do anything, or that's my turn?


Not vomiting.


Fucking fucked.


We go to Kraghammer, rest there.


Oh, that's you. That's you, Nott. Okay, hi.


If you love it, you have to--


Do you notice how often his logic falls apart?


Who's missed?


I don't like her very much.


I am watching this from the table. This is the show.


I'm a bear. Nevermind, I'm just gonna do a full round of attacks.


I'm going to wait until it passes by me to whisper into my earring. (whispering) Maybe if we all go down the middle tunnel, then we can collapse that tunnel behind us.


Okay. Plus your constitution.


Oh. Okay. Sounds like a plan.


Timothy B. Hudson, he went nuts.


That's right, he's weak.


He's not surprised.


Let's not skimp on Scanlan.


And a weasel?


Oh, it's a talking dog?


I don't want--


Friends call me Tary, Jumbo.


You're a rider?


Oh. Nott the Brave.


Then we could be there before the evening.


Finish him, Grog, finish it.


Wait, are you and Yasha going to be on the outside?


Okay, there's a difference?


Yeah, so I can't be attacked from behind, but also I can keep an eye on--


Hold for buffer.


Aw, he saves.


And ice dragons burrow. I remember that much.


Party on, Garthok!


(laughs) I'm going to be laughing my ass off for a minute.


All right. Let's see, we're so close to-- let's see if we can knock out The RZA.


All right, those people first!


Never do that again, that was very weird. It was really, it was... it was worth it to see the look on his face.


All right. (fake-cries) Okay. 13.


Is there any other way than marriage that you can think of?


And probably in my lower intestine.


Make it disappear. I think we're okay.


Statistically unlikely.


I walk in. Slow down and walk up like  I heard somebody was impersonating me in here. Have you found them yet?


That's awfully close to the ball.


Oh no, keep the change, it's all right. Go buy yourself a goose. The biggest goose in town. (laughter)


Until we get out of here. We're talking about exterminating the group of fairies--


That’s how we did it last time.


He likes water. He'll be fine. Come on! Let's get out of here.


I like the tree idea.


Nothing. I know Common and Gnome.


Five, nine, 21, 31. 31 points of damage.


She's bleeding from her eyes.


No! Yes. No!


Will that also widen up the hole into that room?


I hadn't completed the thought because the something hadn't been worked out.


Whatever work you would wish, Desmond, is available to you.


Well yeah, she sang to me all the time.


You're fine. We know we have to be careful.


I do?


You're Gazlowe?


It's not about killing a dragon, it's about killing her.


You two are at the kiddie table. (laughter)


Oh, the energy cage? Vecna's energy cage is not concentration, right?


I think you've had enough.


Are your guards very well-trained in tracking?


He can cloud-stride as well.


(laughs sarcastically)


Don't one of you people have the touch?


"Ye olde" It's pronounced "the" when you see the ye.


We fit right in.


Same size?


Rose gold is the best.


I don't have Bless!


I don't think the chain's long enough. 50 feet long? Is the Chain of Returning long enough to get to him?


I just thought, because it's like a pun.


Mm-hm. But I'm fully charged.


Goddamn it. That's fine. I'm going to shoot it in the foot again, because that's what we do.


We could look like lizard people, and it would trick anybody who wasn't a dragon. And if the dragon came, we would be fucked. That would be the end. That would be game over.


That was sort of my fault. I apologize.


I'll remember that going forward.


Where my item would be more useful in general to you.


You're a whale.


Just don't break anything.


Okay. 12.


Wow. I mean, how long is long for a bird though?


Hello! I hear you're trying to do a rogue action.


Tentacley, brown, twitchy eyeball, toothy maw. That's all we know?


Kinda wish we would've gone drinking in Vasselheim now.


Step of the Wind, I have double movement.


He looks like a good reward to me. Unless, under one condition. You tell us who you were working with in here.


Ooh, Clarota. Yes. Do you think we could, after a rest of course, conjure a way and possibly break the barrier and go to that side?


You're Superman?


Hopefully, we won't be in a hurry.


Yeah, but you know I have sunshine in my life every day, so it's all right.


Oh, it's a poison one by the way.


Is it a worg?


What are the risks one would encounter trying to traverse this area?


Perfect. That's my turn.


You have a means of contacting The Gentleman. You could ask for a three-day extension.


They don't really know what's coming for them.


Well, I figured if you're going to live your life, you're going to live your life.


That's my DC.


He would come to me, Percy! Jeepers creepers! Perception check? 29!


Wait, go check the bakery. Will someone go check the bakery?


It's gonna be fine, we're all gonna die.


You work so fast.


We're doomed to repeat it.


Yeah, I'll give earmuffs to Algar. Still have my knee in his face.


Yep. Terrible. 12.


Trinket! Oh no, I used two attacks.


I would like to rage and run up and to this doorway. Five, 10, 15, 20. Can I see anything in this room?


It's a verbal spell.


Let's go that way, or are we resting?


I'm sure some stuff was added to the ten.


I'll take a look.


I'm not a very charismatic person.


From above, could I see any sort of caverns or openings in the ground, or something that looked like caves? That's what I was keeping my eye out for as we went.


Wasn't the deal.


I hand him a seashell. I'm sorry.


(creepy voice) Is it Thursday yet? (growling)


Very scared.


That's Magic  the Gathering. I'm just doing B on every question.


The Traveler! Lookit! You have symbols here!


That always works out. Every time. Go for it. (quietly) Go for it!


Oh, oh, because that's a big rock in my view there.


We're actually here on a rather important mission from Emon.


Well, maybe you should've fought it before we got here!


Yeah, we're just like tieflings, we're all alike.


You know? It can get a little crazy talking to a little bird all the time.


I'll bring you a profiterolo, 'cause that you will love.


35 feet.


It is not an awesome hit, it's just a hit. I'm really excited. 18 points of damage.


He's about 40 or 50 feet or something.


I grab Percy, and I make us both go invisible.


All right. So I'm hasted, because I did the boots, so I'm going to use Haste to climb through my friends, over Pike, under Grog's legs, and I'm going to-- I'm going to flip daggers over and I'm going to bean this guy in the face a couple of times. Should be a Sneak Attack the first time, because of Grog being there.


It did! I got panicked.


I mean, I'm on bonus time.


Dwarven centipede.


Are we going to war?


Intelligence, 14.


Bonus action disengage!


I say that all the time to my lady friends, by the way.


You know what we also need? I want some eyes on this High-Richter.


Oh yeah, no, I'll do that when I see you going in.


I'm in range now, right?


Well, I heard that.


Steve Blum.


Expedite!


Never. Although I'm not a part of it.


The rest of the party hears  ermagerd, ermagerd, ermagerd!


We have it stored safely away.


Why do you smell like beer?


It's actually ten. 18, yeah, you're right.


What if all the good ones are gone?


Yep. [laughter]


I would like to point out that you're trapped on this boat with us.


Okay, stealthing away.


Fjord, what do we do?


Are you getting at something?


This is important!


Devil's Tongue.


Can I see any giants from up there?


They're both, you know, really special and--


I don't know where anything is or what's going on and I feel real bad, so I'm going to try to crawl up the steps a bit, through the blood in my face. Ja, I'll crawl up the steps and then, hey, I will just throw a Fire Bolt where he was. That probably won't work, but let's do it.


There was the guy they killed right when they burst on the scene.


Maybe she's a sacrifice, at this point.


Sing a song, Garmelie! Charm him! Do something!


I pick Mercer. Nobody else can take it.


Grease me up!


You mentioned that.


I think my octopus could probably squeeze through that.


Oh no! That's okay.


All right, let's keep going.


(dryly) Oh, I'm very impressed.


I confuse you?


I thought it was the rats--


That's why I kept a hundred pounds for that.


Never mind, that was such a good roll.


Don't fuck me Gil. I'm good. I'm good.


So, just bust on in and kill them right now.


No. He's just paralyzed. You can have at him. And can I still move and do other things?


The proned-out gnoll is just making it through.


Kima, you're very quiet.


No offense, but that sounds like a shite band.


Wait, we can put him in our cell.


17 misses. The 20 hits.


Let's see what's down there in general. Hope it goes without saying, if you find any remains, let's be respectful.


And 20 for the second one, and the third one misses, right?


Can I sense which direction the wall of city is, like do I have any sort of--


Wow. I guess I walk up to the tavernkeep.


The thing is, he probably won't ever tell us.


It is a very fine blade. It is more lethal than a regular blade and will allow you to poof, poof, poof.


I love tea.


He convinced the town that we all met--


Oh, I'm Keyleth of the Ashari.


No. It's terrible. Please help her.


Yeah! And it'll talk right back, it's like that!


On the lantern?


Yeah, that's 15 plus six is 21.


I just want to go to the carnival.


Oh, I'm going to bring him to the boat.


Did you roll to hit?


Hey! I just landed. Not landed in a plane, but just drove in.


Are you doing the splits, right now, are your legs--?


Trying to teach Grog that game.


Can she...?


Okay, well, we have all these twos. Let's put the twos side by side. That's fun. Uh-huh.


Sister, dear, how much coin do we have at the moment?


I'm in my space.


I grab Jester by the hand and walk her over.


Can I look around the room? Are there any doors open, ajar, leading into a bedroom with a hat on a rack?


Toodles. As much as we can be, toodles.


Got a tattoo on his left wing.


After we've destroyed the mechanism, yeah.


Hey! Look at that!


And does he get flung?


Little late, little late.


Does the floor look barren? Wood? Any rugs, coverings?


Yes, hi, if you do not remember me, I am Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. Moreover, Vox Machina, over at Greyskull Keep.


(high-pitched) Is that my girl? Is that my baby girl?


And I had already taken off. So I'm already headed there.


Yeah, do that. That's smart! Yeah.


Yes! Cure Wounds!


And the chromatic-- the red, the blue, the green-- are we seeing tails on them?


Well, we're tourists.


Do assassins get to go twice?


What if Pelor can't see underground? What if he needs to see me in the sun?


If you kill, I will take a shit on this table.


Just say that all again one more time, Matt.


Don't do it! It's only for subscribers. It's not that bad, because they ask really great questions, a lot of them have been about how have you gotten through certain aspects of depression, or what kind of thing--


Yeah, sure, yes.


You're kind of pinky, yeah.


Kevin Dorff, Wesley Snipes.


Did you say Thordak's wife? Did I mishear you?


God damn it (sniffles) Which dice? Okay. 20 total.


Is that Fenthras?


(whispering) I'm the Crow.


Okay. I believe that gentleman said that the Burnished Bibliots was in the Northward, correct?


It's everywhere!


We're here to talk to those two.


Do I have a will save?


Do you go to brothels, Pike?


Have you been here a few days already?


All right. Well, I'll try to help you get revenge on your vague past. (laughter)


All right, all right. I'll drop the form. I'll drop the form.


We'll find out later.


Can I try something? Am I able to try something? Is she still bleeding all over this orb?


I don't want to!


I don't know about the other guy.


Reunion.


I'm just going to hold my breath and maintain my calm.


You found Dabney Coleman?


The royal "we"?


I can feel the chat saying "Thanks Keyleth." I can feel it!


Does it die?


I say okay.


To drinks.


It's pretty wonderful.


Where are we? You said we're in a room.


You do a good job of it. Keep drinking that ale.


Just listen to the science guy and chug-a-lug.


FYI, if I'd stayed conscious, I would've thrown a Fireball at that boat.


Okay, my arm doesn't work. I am going to--


What do you got?


Grab the scruff of his collar.


You could definitely make a big stink.


Larkin!


Run in like a bull and fart on the wind? Cut the throat? Bull? Flapping wings? Earache?


You're outside of the mansion. Come in the mansion.


Holy shit. It keeps getting better.


And they're kind of rogue agents. I'm hoping no one questions this.


All right, focus!


Coins.


The cards! Look at the cards. It's 60 feet.


But, he's--


Do you need light?


Yeah, sorry. Listen, everybody gets 104 gold.


Well, he said go down. We didn't go down.


(gasps for air)


You're down again, aren't you?


There you go. That's it.


I go over to the harpoon hook, and like, fuck this harpoon hook. Can I try and get it out of the ship with my strength?


Pub crawl!


Plus two! Plus two.


He's a good little worker.


Prepare. Wait for our signal. Spread the word.


Okay. I'm going to-- I see the two guards behind Vex, right? Is that what's going on?


And also attacks.


No! Get outta here!


I'm familiar with it, all of a sudden. So because we have these shards, right, these magical beans, if we lose, do we effectively kill all the gods whose shards we have?


I walk over to Lady Kima and I say, "How's that that greatsword been treating you?"


You have spawn.


This is racial profiling.


I ain't afraid of no ghosts


That's so close. This is so bad. Five.


Yes! In the world of sportsball, the 2016 future Super Bowl champion Dallas Cowboys are playing the Seattle Seahawks right now! So if you see me looking down, it's not because I'm not paying attention. I'm watching football.


So we're even Steven.


All right, yeah, 300 feet.


Percival.


Feeling the pressure now? Feel it?


Get out of this cave.


But then how could we cut the bridge behind? We have a flying carpet so we can go back and forth, but we could drop a significant number of them down into the lava.


Ooh, yeah, that's pretty good. I offer him a tea set.


And a big red piece of shit.


Okay. See you!


You like volleyball, bro? Just thinking, if we make it out of here, we should play some beach volleyball some time.


Oh, shit! We forgot to check in with him!


This is confusing!


There was fire damage.


It was technically his. I also sent a little bit of money to -- I don't know where they are, but I hired somebody to send a letter and some money to some of my family.


See a guy get thrashed.


Dexterity?


But we can go in the one with lava.


Just the once.


Look at the water!


I have it automatically.


Go in where? Do we go back the direction the dwarf came?


Let's drop a-- Let's drop a giant bomb on him.


We cool, Sarenrae.


Wait, can we donate?


Just, allow me. You're strong.


(whispers) What are you doing?


Time jump, backwards.


Okay. You draw three cards. Well, I give you three cards. So you use 3d6.


It'll wake us up, though.


Fuck you! Come at me, you sea hag!


Seriously, I thought I had it, too, and then I looked it up. In fifth edition, I don't get that.


On the other hand--


I rolled a 16, but I get plus two on any investigation for dragon info stuff.


I want to do it again. What do we have? Give me the thing.


That's true. I have them written down. (laughter)


You shouldn't have been.


That's not Krieg.


Dope.


There's nothing that's simple. Like, the more I'm looking, I'm looking for mention of the symbols--


Sweet. I'm digging it. That's my turn.


He resuscitated me, I believe?


No, I rolled four. Times two is eight.


If I'm not here at the Crucible, because I don't think you need an audience for glory, you can always find me in Emon at Castle Greyskull.


Those we've lost? That's not what you were going to say.


Double the dice.


They've been burned badly.


The guys that were-- (gasps) Nott!


And that took--


I mean, look, we've seen you do some weird, fucked up shit, right?


You had an axe in your head! You survived!


And Caleb sits between Fjord and Beau and loses his sight and vision and listens.


Never mind. Orn, don't, heh, don't move. And I walk over to see where the other voice is coming from.


How high's the ceiling here?


We have an earring.


Hey, I've got it covered.


So, we had quite a few donations tonight.


Yeah, we don't want it off the ground.


Just curious.


I can run 25 feet and then reach 120 feet.


Amazing. Do you mind if I ask where all this traffic is going?


Far too long!


Yeah, Karin!


Yeah, I'll do that at least.


All right. I give her the deck.


We go. Well actually, Grog-- could someone ask Ace and Gary if we're there or if we have further to travel?


Can I run over to Kerrion's body?


Oh yeah, you'll be fine down here. We'll send word soon.


We should play that gambling game.


So far, everything's going great--


Yes. No, he was a nice guy.


Plus 14. So that's 39, right?


Can he get back to the keep and we've all left four days ago? (laughter)


It's not super-duper-- fine, fine, forget it. When you have a daughter, you can worry about her as much as I do.


Under the acid.


♪ How many testicles does Sam have? ♪


Hey! That's not terrible. (laughing) I got plus two! 18! (laughter)


No, you're not.


Oh, yeah! You have a book?


Then we should go talk to the Slayer's Take now so they can get started on this hunt.


Gah. Nauseous. No.


Were any of them affected at all by the Sacred Flame?


Tibs. We're friends with Tibs. Tiberius. You remember us?


We were gifted a bottle, and a couple of my friends had partook.


You seem a little bit nervous. I can't really tell because you're so strange in a wonderful way. (laughter)


All of us except for Laura and Trinket.


It would have been a very long cloud stride. Is it even possible to cloud stride?


Ah! There's two coming, Caleb just-- oh wait, I got it! Caleb just warned me there's two men coming down the stairs to us.


It's just bingo, Caleb.


No, no, he's bigger than that.


Longest night ever!


I can feel Scanlan's flute pressing into my buttocks.


All right. Dagger, dagger, thunk, thunk. But at disadvantage because of the dark. I'm not afraid.


We just made cave drawings, I don't--


Does anybody see any-- Never mind.


Can I get a roll damage? (all laugh)


(exhales) Okay.


Super baity.


But I'm hiding!


I'm going to go make sure everything's okay.


He's a bleeding fireball.


Then waah, we go kill a dragon instead.


I am. I lawyer quite well, but the hope is that we wouldn't actually break the contract in the first place, because that's complicated.


We're letting him leave without the beacon?


All this shit doesn't exist, so sometimes it's hard to tell what we're talking about.


Ten. Nine. But there were piles of shiny things.


Don't touch it, don't do that. Okay. Yes, it does.


I feel like hats are almost a traditional sign of something a little iffy. Present company included, of course.


We can relate. I'm a big reader. If you finish that, I don't know if you are the kind of fellow who likes to keep every book he reads but--


It's like a Vegas casino  it's always the same twilight.


Go, Beau! You're so cool! You should lead it!


Oh, this could go so badly.


What happened to Sean Connery?


Ten extra hit points, advantage on strength checks.


Do you guys have vegetables, maybe? Any vegetables?


Because you're super tired.


Okay! Why not?


They were so small.


No, it didn't even give, apparently. (counting) 50, right there.


I couldn't deal.


And if we could pinpoint when it actually started, we know years, but actually when, then we can actually narrow it down to the establishments and other things that were established then.


Is you? It is you.


Who was the other band of travelers who fought and lost?


You just killed an NPC!


That's a big bag you've got there. (groaning)


To get healing potions?


I guess I-- Jesus. Can I bring Trinket out? That's stupid. If I, well, I'm going to go and try to see what's going on over there with the sphinx.


(blows raspberry) 15.


Of course we'll come visit you.


Yes, Caleb, what is it?


Don't worry, Sabian is hanging out below decks.


That's not how it worked before.


No, I'll shelter in place.


Yeah. I think it's apt. Fuck it. I go back to bed. I spoon Keyleth and fall asleep.


Is it like a mound of poop or like a single--?


Yeah, that does sound like a good idea. Here's my thing. Why are you guys in this city? It's not really our thing to be in civilized places.


How about you just climb onto the broom. Don't worry about flying right now.


I'm a Slytherin.


Yeah, they're great. They're wonderful, but no more free stuff. Just today, but no more after that.


I will follow her.


Did you know that I was shooting at somebody?


Boy, is that book fucking beautiful!


Do you get an advantage at all?


Jesus Christ--


(whispering) Right there.


Run real fast.


Hi, duergar!


In the game.


Do you want melee range, or do you want back ten feet?


First question that I have for you, Pumats.


We got the house. We got the mansion. That's it.


Keyleth starts talking up Braum. Braum?


Yeah, we're going to be busting balls big time.


Does it look balder than the other?


That was you?!


Sure. All of us save 20 gold, still pretty good.


Wait, who played him?


You're at two?!


Okay, that is a 26 and a 23.


He's a bureaucrat.


Oh. Yeah, that's a good way to deal.


