Yes, you are!


(daggers whooshing) One two three.


Yeah. Plus an action surge.


I rush the guy with the burnt chicken and I pick him up, and I throw him across the tavern.


Right. Are there any opening utensils around, because I don't want to unsheathe--


As a victim of Campaign One  yes, there has to be.


That's what I'm saying, yeah.


That loud, though?


Yeah, sneaky, stealthing.


His hand's cold.


Also, are you mad about the swimming thing?


I think it's sweat.


It's true! But not today.


Okay. Where am I, I can't see--


Well, most of us do.


Upper right-hand corner.


I can read lips. What did he say? (laughter)


Would you like a tattoo?


I don't eat boar.


All right. Should I go now? I should give them some time.


Can I check for traps or see if there's anything--


Could you build an ice tunnel, perhaps? Take some of the ice and actually structure a--


We'll get our luck back tomorrow.


Thousands of feet.


How much for a barrel or a hogshead's worth?


There are some affordable ones. There's definitely affordable options on there as well. It's not all pretty expensive.


This is the most festive D&D game I've ever experienced.


You're kinda walking into the fire, my friend.


(whip sound)


(high-pitched) All right, I'm going to walk, if you want to follow me, I'm going to go over here then.


Oh no! Is that the 10k thing? I was confused.


-- deeper down is where they've gone.


If we're underground--


It's a fingering?


Aw man.


Hopefully we can fix our Mistake at some point. That'd be nice. Thank you, sorry, carry on.


Thank you so much!


Okay, that had whatever that poison is that I sold my soul to a hag for.


Mm-hmm. She's extra special, though, so you'd have to be very nice to her.


What's the matter? (whispers) What's the matter?


Whoa! Okay, I'm going to point out that I just rolled my die before the game started and rolled a natural 20 on my first roll. Five.


You don't owe me shit.


You don't have to hold your breath because it will take a very long time and you'll pass out.


It's like a big old terrarium now


Okay. But it did hurt it, yes?


What if we all die at the live show?


That was the best wookiee noise you've ever made, babe!


I mean, you told me to do this, right?


How long have you had it?


Yeah, we're going to camp for the night. I don't think we should--


So question for the DM, I'm invisible. Do I need to stealth, do I stealth?


So you've been scrying to us the whole time from here?


We've already left the city.


Oh no! Don't do it! Oh no! (nervous laughter)


I know where the mansion is, right? Vaguely?


Let's rest. Let's set up a perimeter and take turns standing guard. I'm going to go to the next cavern over to where we killed those umber hulks?


Is it a solid trunk, or is it like a combined trunk?


No, that was definitely a character thing.


I'm showing Keyleth what's inside the censer.


If something stupid is going to happen here, I don't want it to be on me alone for once. So we've got an unlit brazier, there's mirror over there, and buttons, yeah.


Maybe we should just leave it here.


That's where we'll go to?


The city or this castle?


We're definitely going.


On a train.


I can be a horse.


Nope. Give me something else.


No, like a "clockcruzen." That's how you say it in your language, I think.


You can inspire yourself.


I'm going to throw a little Fireball, right there where those guys are.


Can I turn to Pike and say like, look at what I got!


Thanks, Obsidian!


Okay, yeah. That's good.


Fenthras!


Oh, gosh. Our ship is way better than you guys'.


Wait, was someone not inside?


Wait, what's the book? The book is Leadership and what?


Keyleth uses Alter Self to give herself the gill hands. The webbed fingers again. That was cool.


Oh, that's really smart. It's very meaningful.


I think.


Here goes all Jester's teeth.


We're being herded. That's great.


It's amazing because you can like hear her footsteps. It's like a cartoon.


I mean, I'm on one of the horses. Yeah.


Come on up real fast. Yeah.


Are there any buildings around here?


There's more where that came from if you take good care of them.


We got to wait for her to finish, because the night is young.


Where are we coming up?


It's not an answer for that.


Remember, I'm not directly next to him. That's why I said I wasn't.


I love a good ladder.


I have advantage because of Mage Slayer. It finally came into effect.


I'm trying to be more open.


Because he's had them wrapped around his weenie.


Yeah, it was a weird transcript. I would have shown the newsreel, but it was just a transcript.


We have another ally that we have spoken of.


Brains, apparently.


I'm going to try to take one off.


Ah, fuck! This is what Travis deals with all the time. Ow! Through Cali's acid mist, I'm going to split the air and cut down and do a big slap right on its face.


Typically, it's "Yes, and," Clarota, but all right. (laughter)


Come on, Percy.


She doesn't get shit? She just watches?


I personally enjoyed the last beast that we slayed, but I think that we have plenty to discuss in that warm bath you're talking about.


No, here.


Just calmly leaning against a wall. No big deal.


Ain't no mountain high enough.


The Lady's Chamber?


I want to get this all figured out so we won't always have question time. Can I also use Divine Fury?


We’re so good at this.


Dear, the dragon arrow you gave me? Killed him. Well, I didn't kill him, actually, with it, but I did a lot of damage.


Lift with your knees.


People will buy it. We just walk looking straight ahead; don't look around too much.


I've got some pretty dope mobility.


I've been there. No, I knew of it, right?


It's lovely. The fabric is soft. It fits snugly and warmly... but not too warm. I think... I would pay 50 dollars for a sweater like this.


This is your jam.


Shakäste's unconscious.


I'll do that at first, but then eventually I'm going to just have to jump into the fray.


Milady, I swear it by my name, I will do so as you request. Thank you for saving one of my allies today, and wherever you are in the world, know that we are fighting the good fight, and I will keep your friends safe. Your friends, Greg--


Grog, would you like any young boys to accompany you? (laughter)


Ugh. Grog.


So we should rest and head to Vasselheim?


We ate like three shepherd's pies. We fucking killed a guy and hid him in the room. We stuck him next to the skellington.


I don't like it at all.


That's amazing. Is that a ten? That's a ten?


(squawks) That's my echovision.


Four days later.


Slap her across the face.


Sorry, guys.


That's great. How did you make it back, without dying?


And then I have my action, and my movement.


Oh. That's scary.


She sounds like those things you have said before. Yes.


We can't see over the wall?


Can it have disadvantage on strength checks?


My family in general have interesting attitudes towards affection, shall we say. My sisters-- well, you see, I'm not particularly cut out for making a good first impression. However, my sisters did always tell me that what was inside was most important. They did tell me this as they were removing intestines to divine with them, so perhaps maybe not usual meaning of this phrase, but Zahra is perhaps the member of my family that I like best.


Said the greedy one to the greedy one.


I can't. Well!


Which is why I was planning on-- I know we have a cap of disguise.


Hey, buddy.


Oh, that will hit. Those will hit.


Done! Pay the man.


Well, yeah, and I'm heading my way because I saw that one run off to the--


There goes that idea.


We miss you too, we wish you were here. We have a little present for you. You guys ready? One, two, three.


Me, Clarota, mm. That's what I do with Clarota.


Want to go in?


Send in the real Percy?


My bag! Thank you, Caleb! Although, it looks really good with your coat.


And are we sure we don't want eyes on her? I'm not concerned about her well-being, clearly. I'm concerned on whatever her name she's saying she is right now.


Is that what this is? Swavain Islands?


Oh. Anyway, my point still stands. Once we wrap up here if you want to go find him I will go with you.


You're not even ready.


Well, I rolled another one, so it's the same, it's 13.


Perception or passive perception?


I'll just be right here. Waiting here with Trinket.


No, it was a seven plus... 13 on the second.


Me and Marisha are took Jorge to the docks with the promise that Fjord would come later and join us.


You buy the potions, we pay for the shitty hotel rooms.


Here comes the general!


Let's do that, then.


Oh, fuck. Okay. Two attacks. First attack, okay! That's a natural 16, plus seven is 21. Right? 16 plus seven?


(singing) It would help me to acquire some dice to inspire. (speaking) I inspire myself first and move five feet back so I'm on the same row as him.


Pocket boar.


We've got to do something.


Lightning, fire, and cold, and double damage?


What are centaurs?


Ooh, that's good. That's good.


He's great.


I'm looking at the floor, I'm not looking at it.


I think we have to go beyond this.


I'm still going with her.


Yeah, oh.


Have I ever been dancing before? Like to a place like this?


Would you fancy a trade, Kima? I have elven chainmail, if that would help you.


What if we gave you less dragon scales? Would you have said less money?


Right by me.


Trent Ikithon.


Can we hear them?


Vax is agreeing with me.


10 by 20?


Well, if he is, he was fucking with me earlier. Are you in here?


I mean, he's supposed to be pretty darn cool. He wears lots of rings on his fingers too, you guys!


A cheat code, if you will.


And we count our fucking blessings.


Bling it out, man. Bling that shit out.


What did you try on him, Pike?


Illithid, with a D or a T?


It incinerates the fiber.


Well don't fucking break it down like that.


What did he give you?


What, what is it?


I bet they left a lot of tracks and probably some cart things.


I'm sure if they did they would probably use that one.


Ooh, fancy!


Maybe if somebody wasn't so drunk last night, they would've had the information.


There's definitely at least--


That's 17 fire damage, 17 fire damage.


Okay, so 1d6, plus 2d8.


Everything that I touch!


Three more shots.


With two other people. We're splitting up so we can take them both out at the same time.


That's one of the reasons why I like you.


Yeah, you have to rub it on you.


I'll try to get through it quick because we have so much to do. (singing) D&D Beyond's our sponsor today. They got a lot of things they want me to say, like the discount code for new editions and their booth outside at intermission. But I'm sorry, I'm not saying those things, because when I'm inspired I just got to sing. I'm in a ridiculous pink frock and 2,600 Critters are ready to rock! [cheering]


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


There's no really debating in Shadycreek Run. Mostly insult, kill, insult, kill.


Hunter's Mark on that guy.


Nah, let's sleep.


A heart-stone. Right.


There's no time to explain.


Yep. Give it the old-- Yeah! Fierce.


I guess some of it's still clean.


I don't, boo.


We're very strong.


Oh boy, I got a big six.


Yeah, like a little hairnet.


Do we want to try and jog another ten minutes before doing this?


Good-bye!


Good day, sir. It's not a good day for you. Sorry.


Hey bonus, he's on our side. Eh? That's encouraging.


Hey, we're going to have werewolves everywhere now, guys. We just let it out.


Hover hand, man.


Can you hear us? Do you want to help us?


I didn't think it was going to work! Sheila, I think--


We have three more, drei.


No more magic?


Too hunky?


Are there still bad guys left?


(Speak N Spell voice) I am okay. (as Caleb) I am needing a very fine kind of incense, and I don't know if that is the type of thing this establishment would carry, but it's very important. Do you have that sort of thing?


Does the acid go through glass?


It's a 15-foot radius from you.


19, plus stuff.


Or Vax'ahlia, is what he called you.


We'll follow your lead.


I walk to the other side of the room and I just fall over.


They were upper and lower corner, yeah.


Okay. I will sleep, then, I guess.


Weapons drawn in case there's something in there.


I'm gonna cast, I'm gonna-- Fuck. I'm gonna cast Speak With Animals on him.


What and culture?


Mm. Wise choice.


I'm a really good artist, don't worry.


Oh, you're right. Man, I'm a bad mama jama.


Hey, Jamedi!


We gave him one bottle of wine. That's not very much.


So many, just so many.


Come on, baby. (singing) 20! [cheering]


How's it going over there, guys?


Yeah, we're not going to do that. But there is a roving beast, which feel like falls into our wheelhouse.


Thank you for the reminder. Two. Solid 20 points.


It's the big guy.


All right. I'll take a big swig and go towards it.


And does he take bludgeoning damage from hitting the ground?


It did! (laughter)


Thank you, Keyleth, for bringing me back.


You need some water, Caleb?


We're all going to get hit by what you're doing.


Can we get your hub up here, please?


Are any of us religious with that god, or--?


Do your worst. Show us your best. Yes!


I'll also say, for those of you, especially. Grog, you have your freedoms, and if you wanted to become lord of Greystone and have a place of your own that you could invite us to, as opposed to wandering.


Oh wait, he's outside the darkness?


We got everything we need.


I think it's Bidetsday. Yeah, Bidetsday.


We fought a fucking beholder.


You tell us, man.


And large enough to fit Grog?


I didn't say he's fine, I said he will be fine.


We've got to try to hide a little bit.


With the necklace?


That's a subjective thing, my friend. Anyway, she is very interested in you and after you left her room, I watched a little bit longer and she did some cutting. She dropped a little bit of her blood on a miniature altar or something. Do you do this?


I've used two.


To be able to give myself--


You're a born leader. Come on.


Did they come to you?


Jeez, not everybody at fucking once. All right. Shit.


Okay, good. So, his eye would cancel out my Hail of Thorns attack? Is that considered, like, one--


Do you know what help it would be to us on the Material Plane?


Check it out. Or if you just hit a really tall tuft of grass with a sword, these will pop out of it so you don't have to order them. Just mow your lawn.


(sputtering)


I can throw it to you.


Plus my charisma?


We're going to need to talk to some gentry. We're going to need to talk to a library.


(singing) Tiptoe through the tulips.


Can I enter a hostile creature's space?


Well, I've cocked. Terrible. Nine plus eight is 17! Oh, wow, I'm so stealthy.


You know, I could throw some light out there, but I don't really want to announce our presence. What do you think we should do?


This is better than three.


I think we put it in the bag of holding and it won't matter.


I'm laughing as I run.


I can ignore cover, though.


Aw, baby.


You've got a lot of papers in there.


I'm moving up to the door.


Correct. Let's get there and then we'll wait for Jester and Jester.


Unlike her husband?


I want to! Just to get him prone, also.


Now, I have a minus two, guys.


Is there anybody outside right now?


Yes, okay good.


I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bring the mood down.


Rage-looting.


It was pretty dope.


Thanks! You get a car! You get a car! You get a car!


Yeah, tiny. We don't need to kill, like, Grandpa Tree. We kill Baby Tree.


A B A B N.


I realised I was strong, and I could do really, you know, awesome things with my body, so I did-- that kind of helped me when growing up, and then finally I came to the city of--


Oh, shit. I forgot the second hit!


Twinsies?


I'm going to stumble forward in the dark. I'm going to say: Beau!


Wait, is it real-- no. Was it all just to--


Because we can't see around there, I'm going to use it as a reference photo.


15 with two lightning damage. 16, 17.


I don't understand this practice. It tastes like shit. Tastes fucking horrible.


Give that shit to me.


Oh no, he's escaping.


Merlin was the teacher, the guy who spun out. Hollywood was the guy who was his--


Why you do this to us, chat?


We haven't checked his, to be fair.


It's really pretty though, what a pretty die.


Okay. That's--


The gnomes aren't doing anything?


I cast Mage Armor on myself.


I am. And I am also running this game in an alternate universe.


Just like a little mud tree on your forehead.


They won't know that it's human.


Can I grab a handful of papers off the desk and put them under my shirt and start walking out?


Thank god!


I'm reaching down for a head.


We could stop at that hut on the way out.


No, no, my name is Vex.


In the cart, and I'm holding you. It'd be kind of cool!


No, it's just when Caleb did it, he was like, "I love you, Mom and Dad!" Then he started crying.


That's an illusion of some sort, yeah.


Okay. Let's go through the new hole.


I was about to do that, yeah.


I do my best. When you've lived the sheltered and wonderful life I have--


I'll look in the window with my 40 stealth.


During all of that yammering on the way up, I look over at Yasha and sigh out.


Yeah, and eyes up as we pass things along the way.


To say a little pray to the Traveler, and I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon.


It's not my turn anymore, right? That's it.


Oh, god. Get out of the middle of them.


Not great, 14.


Let's not have this conversation with them yet, sister, until all has been taken care of.


I could tell you, but I feel like it's offensive or something.


It is true.


Yeah, like can you make magic go away?


Yeah. That's a one.


You want to go straight there?


That's what I'm trying to say is that I came here looking to ask about the arcane studies. I'm extremely interested in that. When I heard that your house Was the only one that was in that particular study, I was immensely intrigued. I respect the arcane arts so much that it's, well, it's been my life. And right now, we're in bit of a situation where we have to go slaughter a bunch of nasties in apparently one of your mines. And we don't know the source. And it appears to be of an extreme arcane nature of the dark sense, and I figured we could come to you for help and some kind of guidance. And I will-- Scanlan, will you stop it! And it appears that you very well know something that we could learn from, with all due respect, of course.


I know, apparently, from this roll that I'm in the mountains.


It's not a lot, but that's four points of psychic damage and he has disadvantage on the next attack roll it makes.


Can I do it right now? Yeah. I just took a short rest, so yes, I can do that.


Do you know anything about it? We're just going up. Beginner's luck.


Yeah, I'm feeling that.


I'm sorry you're such a nervous fellow!


It's going to take a couple of turns to get over there.


And unless you've got something to add to that, because that is a sad number that you just threw at me.


The Bennigan's and the Monte Cristo.


I want to go in and I want to see if I can carve through the mouth as deep in-- I'm going to try and get right in there-- I'm going to do a dental jawbreaker.


Are we still?


(whispers) We're not here.


Yeah! End of this month, we're going to be at Anime Weekend Atlanta. The last week of September. Hotlanta, Georgia. We're going to be there with other people like Jennifer Hale and people like that. But we're going to be there. Come out, say hi, smack our hands, not our faces.


They're in cages.


Okay, okay, okay, okay.


We stay.


I try to pass my hand through Lionel's stomach to see if he's actually Kaylie.


Very easy. Oh, you know what, maybe I could-- would it be weird if I'm Vex? That's weird, isn't it?


No, not at all. Cut them loose.


Why are you crying?


Getting to know his new god.


Help us!


It's fun, isn't it?


Oh, for the next century?


Okay, I'm going to-- Can I run over to Grog?


Investigate?


That seems like a terrible plan.


Well, that was a bust.


I'm going to use evasion.


You message me a countdown and I'll say it out loud to you.


Oh, he does speak Common.


Where, which direction?


Into your 5,000 hit points.


Thanks. (snores)


You're at 21 hit points.


It's all they had at Smogschmeade!


I take hold of the front of the carpet and steer it up and over, along the roof and then down towards the tunnel. I'm steering the carpet.


I know. I understand, but for demonstration purposes.


I can paint. I'm really good at baking scones. Specifically scones.


Somebody needs to go to the bathroom.


Oh, so 26. That puts me within 30 feet of those guys, right?


You mean for a snack, though, you're saying.


I'll keep an-- Oh, wait, I can't see you.


Brushing your teeth?


Jeez, Fjord. That's a lot of drool.


How high off the ground is that relief?


Well done. That's a good joke.


The eye, yeah, so I want to jump up his body, off his knee.


Nott, just put your finger down your throat.


Join a few more clubs, and we're going to be all sleeved up.


No, you know, I can always bring him back, but be careful, all right? But there he goes.


I cast Cure Wounds on--


I mean, practically.


Whoa! Good for both of them, motherfucker! The gold one is a 27 for Percy and-- 15 plus eight, what is 15 plus eight?


Have I heard any of this happening or--?


I can tame it.


Oh, gosh.


That's loud. That hurt.


It'll be super shallow. Just enough that they can come on up and out.


What do you mean? It's magic time of day?


I want to know! I take a sip.


So sorry, guys. There you go.


Oh, 16.


19. It's right on the paper. Negative two. Sorry.


Of course that will work.


(laughs) Thorbir.


It was such a bad deal, I said no. Like, can you imagine how bad of a deal that must have been?


You're just going to end up Wings someday, that's all I'm saying.


How long of a snake are we talking about?


Fuck you, motherfucker!


Two and then rivers and paths out, yes.


Well, what've we got, are we happy?


Okay. Oh boy. I'll stay put, and hold my attack until I can see the whites of its pincers. As a bonus action, I'll cast Mage Hand and start digging around some rocks, see if there's anything over there.


I feel like that shouldn't count, but whatever. That is a 12.


27? No, that's a lie. 19.


We literally stick the trammels onto Vecna?


I do it again!


Goodnight.


Herethis.


Cool. So we'll see them above land then if we're flying.


You can have him for roughly a week.


When he gets-- if he starts to fly away.


Did you make it with advantage? You're raging.


I don't know if Deuce is abrasive; just sort of awkward, aloof.


Well-explained!


Greater.


Were those-- those didn't belong to your--


Plus two to hit, that's it. No, damage two, proficiency. Thank you.


I rolled both at the same-- No, first to strike.


Wow! That I could totally see playing out. I completely believe that you would do that, you son-of-a-bitch.


You do! (all laugh)


We're running out of good names, aren't we? We've finally gotten to the end of your list of good names.


Nothing happened here. How was your trip?


Ten radiant damage.


I was hoping you weren't talking about me.


Yo, what's up?


Yes! Okay, you guys. I gots, you know, just a few, just stuff. So, you know the David Mack poster? It looks like some people have requested, so the poster-- not the signed one! But the unsigned one is going to be for sale for a few days extra, so there's that, that's happening.


Yes, let's say fly. We go in, find the illithid, and then we pop in, you yell, "Hey, Spanky," throw goblin shit in its face.


Should we at least ask her to stay in town? For a to-be-determined mission later?


Magrim, of course you're the servant. You are filled with poise and sophistication, and of course, above all, protocol. I would not wish you to break protocol which is why some simple directions, for those of us who are wishing to do some official business. You'll be right on your way and your house will return to order.


You were trying to get into the Cobalt Soul, right?


You know what, maybe Kiri shouldn't read Tusk Love just yet.


Little pixie!


You dick.


I was just going to ask, you seem such a lovely couple. Do you have any children?


17 plus four is 21.


Whoa, Scanlan.


I could, but why? It's so pretty. I think I'm going to do what I can first.


Throwback Thursday.


Did you sleep?


He's not just the president, he's a member, too! (all laugh)


I'm going to use one of my Lucks. I've got two left. Better.


Can I check it out as well? I mean, I'm there, I might as well.


Why didn't we ask Ioun about that?


Tiberius, we could be on trial.


Persuasion. Oh! Good roll.


So can we open that line of credit we were talking about?


I didn't think that was ten feet. I'm sorry. Oh good, that's nothing. Two!


I'm down with that mini nuke. It extends a lot of our magical ranges, unless I want to Keyteor down.


You're right, this is spectacular.


I'm going to stay in the front.


I mean, I can take one of the doors at the bottom and try and keep people from coming in.


Fjord, why not? We're in Hupperdook. Dook it up!


Yeah. We have these still in stock though. Some of these are still left, which are awesome, and they're so soft. And we have all the other t-shirts as well, except for the 'dagger, dagger, dagger' that Matt's wearing. Maybe we'll be getting those back in. I'm not sure. But all the other stuff. The nail wraps, and the vinyl stickers, and the hats.


Whorehouses? (all laugh)


Okay. Getting it nice and good! Okay, so first attack-- opal dice, don't fuck me. You always fuck me. 18.


We'll be there around noon thirty for our first panel of the day.


How did Trinket do?


Yeah. That's all I can do, right?


And then if you're at BlizzCon, I think we're going to be wandering around a little bit.


We'll have to leave one of our members--


The other option is-- and I've been holding onto it 'cause it's valuable-- I do happen to have a Potion of Mind Reading, so we could go up there with him and I could just read his mind.


(giggling) Wow.


Yeah, sure, I like shiny things.


They're all baddies.


Look at what we did with Ripley. We walked into every trap she set for us blindly. We got cocky. We got bold. We fell for all of that.


Let's get the hand to its final destination.


Well I'm a bear.


We get props? [cheering]


Wait, what about these people in the cage?


I mean, you don't want to give-- (sighs) I think, whatever gifts you've been given, they're natural and progressive. I mean, figure that out on your own first. You don't want to give them back, right?


I did a lot of research on D&D Beyond today. It was fascinating to scroll through the list of beasts and familiars!


No cliffhanger!


Damn you, Benjamin Franklin.


Well, I'm sleeping underneath the cart. I'm picking up all the stuff. This has been very enlightening. There is probably going to be lightning. Anyone else who wants to join me?


We're all going. It's a big, happy room.


Yeah, the (buzzing, exploding).


I'm-- I would take watch, just for the record, but I just get so peckish--


Can I clarify, these are all hired men of mine. They're not his buddies. I pay them all.


You can go, you can go, you've got 30 feet of jack.


Are there any small lads running about or maybe excited to see me or something?


Hit it!


Does she have access to sixth-level spells? We haven't leveled Pike up in a while.


All right. I'll Gil this one. Yeah, natural 20. That'll do.


Along with Shaun Becker and Eric Campbell. Couldn't do it without those guys.


Can they see the top of his head behind the table?


Where did you go? Were you on the lam for a long time?


Westruun it is!


I'm just trying the big book of beasts away from Percy as he's sleeping.


Whoa. (laughter)


Yes. Which one are you opening?


I'm still thinking about marshmallows, though.


Caduceus, I'm Fjord. Appreciate your help.


It's really what I do best, guys. It's my most consistent thing that I do is roll shit initiative.


I am in the market for some things of arcane nature. Oh, I see you're reading a book. What are you reading?


I'm doing the dog thing.


Can we go back out to the bazaar? Are far from there, or are we still close?


Well, that was worth a look.


Yeah, I don't want to leave him here.


Oh, that's true. Never mind.


But they're cultists.


(laughs) I rolled a zero!


Do you think he'd want to meet us? Or introduce us, maybe?


Can I look around at the few patrons that are in here and see if any of them fit the description of Febron Keyes?


Have I ever read about anything like this? A building that seems to shift in size.


There's nothing that's being said here that can't be said at full momentum.


I'm running in the opposite direction!


It looks shiny.


And you can still see everything. Yeah, you just can't interact with anything.


It never ends well. There's no right answer to that question.


You know, we have a day or so. Does anyone else think that we should maybe not take the first deal that presents itself in the first tavern that we step into in the city? Does that not seem super convenient?


You had an ale or whatever everybody else is drinking?


I'll do that.


I'm so nice.


No, I'm sorry, I really don't get to leave very often, especially these days.


It's fine. It's fine. Okay, great. That's great. That's 17, plus-- That's a 28.


Everybody buckle up.


Oh, natural 20, so it still hits, 23. But do I get sneak attack? No. Because it's prone, no.


Thank you for telling us, Tiberius.


Wait, how wide is the slimmest part of the cave?


Start walking.


(high-pitched) We surrender.


(singing) Shake it off.


All right, I attack him, then!


That's so disgusting.


I don't know how it happened! It's not with my stuffs.


Okay. I'm going to cast... Spiritual Weapon! Woo!


The reach around, the reach around. That what I was going for. And then, where's my four, 1d4. One's a three, but no, just three.


Beau's going to be coming around the back, make sure she gets let in.


And, you know, if things were different, I would feel the same way. If things were very different.


And then I sort of link arms with good old Vax. Actually, I hug him tight because we've gotta be tight together to do this, and I hold up my hand cone and I cast Dimension Door and I'm going to aim right for the belly of the beast.


It's so super freaky.


We're within talking range. You don't have to yell at--


15-foot pile?


Whatever remnants of Draconia perhaps?


Found a carpenter!


Okay, well--


You can get back on your own pretty easily, yeah? Tunneling through stone, do you have that left? Or that's done?


Squash that! Ooh, snip diggity!


And find out.


There's no more cloud of insects, yeah?


Close to the ruins of Draconia?


When I revealed it, it was a 20. That's okay. I'm going to do inspiration though, just for safe measure. That's good, so 20 total now.


I love stones. I'm a fucking fan.


I motion to a third so it's not just Beau and myself. One of the other crew members of The Squalleater to come with us downstairs.


Nott, want to do us a favor to make sure our way is safe?


She can't do this kind of thing, but she can still talk.


Oh. End that way.


You need the cardio, let's not pretend you don't. We're going to put one of the necklaces on the body and throw it through. It'll still be fun to watch.


Thordak is much larger, and I don't think he's been here.


Do we need to have some sort of awesome whistle or something? To communicate with each other?


What if we just leave her? She could go off and do god knows what.


We can start heading in.


-- and I hand it to Grog.


I saw. (laughter)


Aw. (groans) God! Maybe not now, they don't?


Jester, can I see it real fast?


This is like those little handkerchief ghosts you would make in kindergarten.


Where's my brother? Where's Vax?


I have some fancier rings, though, from before.


They're going to destroy this fucking city.


Just doing my vocal warmups. ♫ Me me me me me me me me me ♫


I'm poisoned, so any attack rolls are at disadvantage, correct?


Yeah, because he made his save.


So donations tonight are going to GameChanger, yeah?


Or very well.


Yeah, the other fucking direction.


Go Scanlan.


I feel like that was really bad. That was a really bad roll.


Well, we're in town. We've got this book and a library, but we should decide what we're going to do tomorrow. What's to wait? Why don't we go home?


Oh boy. Me against a barbarian? Has she turned to--


I'm not talking to you.


That sounds so good right now. I'm genuinely fiending for it.


A fan gave that to me, yes they did.


How much time do you need?


Well, goblins don't really-- I'm sure I have parents.


Raphael, the mason?


All right. Real quick, I'm just going to write a little post. I'm just going to write a little letter which I will tell you about in-- well, should I tell you what it is now because the person who sent it--


Thank you, Trinket (knocking). Hello?


Keyleth, of the Air Ashari.


(laughing) Okay. 26.


This is the uni-sexy one. It's so uni-sexy.


We're going to the Sun Tree!


Fuck the dragons! (laughter)


Well, we comfort them and tell them  all right, obviously Emon is not a safe place to be right now.


Break his head like a melon.


Identify it. It's a vampire.


Ashcan Pete!


But, you know, if we're not comfortable, I could change Frumpkin to be, say, a raven or something.


Any movement I have left, I want to use to run up to the other side of the wall that Keyleth is on. If I have enough, I'll climb up, if not, I'll go behind that barrel. But if I, before I go, quietly I say to Kevdak, your fate is sealed here today, my friend.


I heard "very". And Doty, what do you say when it's windy outside?


Say it in Celestial, Percy.


I found his daughter.


This is in the same round, so there's no more disadvantage.


Right? Can we do it like that?


What the fuck else are you gonna do?


I just learn so much from you, you know?


I'm also going to need to order some breakfast food. Something eggy.


Kraken's gonna get burning squirts.


Just be a badass, okay? That's your job.


Everyone's sniffing your bag!


It doesn't look weird. It's just algae, right?


That's fine, I won't do fuck-all with him. So. For my bonus action, I'm plugging my single potion of greater healing into my mouth, to start. So that's 4d4 plus four, right? (adding) 16. Okay, I'll figure that out in a second. Then I want to use my first action to-- He's right up on me? I'll use my first action to disengage, and then I'm going to arc, almost go in a straight line, but arc slightly around the tower. Since Grog is right on the erinyes, I want to throw Whisper again at her as I zing by, 20 feet away from her. Yeah? Throw Whisper at her as I go by, and land as far away from the pit demon, because I'm so scared, as I can.


I don't even know how you did that!


With nothing achieved.


Okay. Don't touch the plants, let's go.


I slide down and go, you know, I'm so tired of (groans) taking all the glory. Why don't you guys--


Does it look like it's natural decay?


That's the reason I roll so high most of the time.


I can use my rerolls as well, correct? I can't use my--


It's the mom slap, exactly! It's the grandma backhand.


Well then-- I'm going to shoot him.


Where's the bathroom?


But we're in it.


Jarett was the one we appointed as the head guard, right? Captain?


These are big spells, aren't they?


They just killed a dragon, they'll be fine. What's a bandit going to do?


From 300 yards away, I yell, (muffled) it is not the Sun Tree! (laughter)


You guys can send in Chris to adjust it. It's okay! They know we're a show with a sound guy. There's no real illusion. Sound guy Chris!


I don't know if this is-- do you want me to burn it all away?


I don't know what we're tracking, but I think it's friendly.


I'm so emotional.


What? My love?


Someone can restore something. Maybe Pike can.


Sorry, I was sitting on it.


Okay. Is everybody 30 feet of me? Because I can't really see the--


Plan A, you do that. We try to slow them. If that fails, you're our distraction.


Can it work like that?


They can't get-- no one can get cut in half, can they?


Your little dwarf girl was singing, and she turns people into zombies.


(singing) Le le le le le!


I'm having a wonderful time!


The taint intimidation.


I'll go over and touch Grog, too.


That's 20 total.


Claws and teeth.


--Probably smart that you're moving ahead.


Give me the Two Buck Chuck, please.


Do we get all our spells back and stuff?


That's a weird opener.


I have Dispel Magic, but I wonder if we should use it.


Oh, I've heard of them yes.


The point I'm trying to make in all of this is that perhaps they're trying to save one of their own, and perhaps they need to move the curse to another Trickfoot.


It's almost 2AM.


Oh, do I get to hit things?


That happened so fast.


I'm done attuning?


I do have one other question  The bodies on the spikes. How did that happen? What was that?


Intelligence save. If he fails the--


I did, that was a good line.


We come from Emon. I sell shoes. We sell shoes.


I don't know. Ooh, that's 24.


Shove him onto the carpet.


You're right, you're right, all right.


Well, this was productive.


We don't know the name of the book, right? So we can't Locate Object.


I'm like the golden retriever with the stick.


My mother was a big believer in the buddy system. Growing up in the woods, buddy system. Always should have a buddy.


I come running out of the tent. Say  Molly! Oh shit, oh no! Okay. I kneel down next to him and I'll do Spare the Dying cantrip.


Those boxes, can I check in those?


I mean it's basically our money, though, right?


We're trying to get the gold out from the wall.


(sputters) You're-- I don't think that's a very good idea.


Oh, he's looking to see what we got!


How much? 31?


(realistic crow sounds)


And we all just book it.


Sam's art is really rare.


(groan) Does the nausea always happen? Is that always a thing?


Listen. When I poo somewhere, I can see everything.


Yeah, all of you at once!


Okay. Gah! 14 on that one.


Well, I can ask. Hey, guys. I don't have any flowers, but I have some mushrooms. I don't know if you'd be interested, but you're welcome to come over and take a look. It's probably going to rain pretty soon. It's looking a little iffy.


Let's have that conversation somewhere else. I don't know who's listening here.


Thanks for double-checking. It is. Like I would lie about a natural fucking 20.


Okay. That went really well, so I'm going to run-- Oh, god, there's three of them right there.


Are we at full health?


I need a cigarette, and I don't smoke.


Open up the tree. Send a bunch of refugees through.


This is really fascinating.


The thing is, if we kill them, I mean, we're putting them out of their misery. You know.


Endlessly charming.


And I transform into a triceratops.


I pick it up and do that basketball thing.


Oh, I can? Oh, all right, let's do that, that's funny. Another shot at that guy.


Okay, just let go of my ear now, okay.


We need to build a coconut radio.


And he's asleep.


So, I'm going to start by taking our normal vials of acid and I'm going to pour very gingerly right at the sections I want to crack and start letting it burn.


Then it doesn't matter yet, until we bring him back.


Why, are you interested in him?


I think I've still got one more charge on the flashlight, if I recall.


We all go in the door.


Because I was thinking, maybe it's a bad idea to go jumping into this tomorrow. Don't you think maybe we should wait a day?


I might let you, yeah. Phew!


That's as far as I can move?


Before I open it, I'll look at him and go: Is there a trap in this damn thing?


Okay, does he do damage to me at all?


I'll be behind you.


(singing) To freedom!


All right, thank you. Ugh, ten.


Just recon.


Is there a bazaar with any shops we can go to?


My sister doesn't remember, but one of our instructors in Syngorn used to tell us of a creature, I'm not sure what they're called, but--


Watch you lose again.


We've got to work on our death sounds.


A minute.


But it's half of a blondie that was made yesterday.


Yeah, the Raven Queen and Sarenrae are best buds, aren't they?


Yeah, we can be there.


(strained yelling)


They're not expecting people.


That sounds like it was talking, or did that sound like a bird?


He's got a hashtag thing going. Right. Now. So #BattleChasers, too, that's an awesome thing.


Yes it is. All right.


Oh yeah! 28.


I put my gun in his mouth to shut him the fuck up. "You're the face I saw when murder entered my heart. This is your doing." And I pull the trigger.


Is there anything that would warrant a couple people hiding while some people got in the thing? Is there something that looks like Yasha and I could maybe hide? I'm a little disadvantage looking at this angle.


We do not know that. We know that there is one random shithead and two more beyond that, and I did not see Lorenzo or Lazlo or Larkin.


No, I have never been out of the Empire.


You know what, I think we asked about him last time.


Well, it's about to be nighttime, so we'll send a scout.


Beau has way too much. So you should probably take some stuff from Beau. That's fair. (laughter) Beau really needs to know who likes her.


Do we chase after him?


Yes, but after we kill this thing, we're going to need to know where to go.


Parkour!


I would object to this. This is coming out of my purse, and I insist that you negotiate with me, and not--


Neither have Luck. I'm a beholder.


Just sing like it's a microphone.


We're going to camp next to their campsite.


(as Gollum) What did you say?


Totally. No cussing. Don't talk about them titties.


Because if we get arrested, and they take all our goodies, and we're in a cell, I'm going to kill all of you with my bare hands.


You're able to utilize your rage when necessary. How do you keep it suppressed when it's not needed?


I'll take first watch with him.


Yep, take a look.


Give it some time.


That's fine. Pike, get out of the way!


I-- as I draw back the blade, I say, oh! You should've stood on your head! And I lop it off.


Oh, it's that slow? That's like Lance Armstrong sleeping slow.


It was gray, the guy that was controlling the orb.


I was asking what it was like when you kissed someone. That's all!


It's hard, right? When one ear's in and one ear's out, it's tough. I was trying to plug it.


Really? Just like that?


Yeah, so can he reach his hand out and have Percy and Tary?


It's so sad. Don't drop anchors. Anyway, continue.


Yeah! Bat shit and sulfur.


I hate them, I hate them so much. Where's my other d12s?


Grog, you've got a beard spell.


Do a bank shot off the ceiling.


Five minutes. Five minutes. Don't leave.


I feel like the grass feels our emotions.


Thanks! For everything, have a good night.


50 gold for the day? Can I use all of his tools and just my own materials?


No, you're right to think this way. This year has been eye-opening for me, and I know that you care for Papa, and you are a diligent and faithful wife. But I know how hard it must have been to live this life for so many years and I wonder what it would be like if you hadn't been with him, what kind of person you would be.


No, we've had an enormous amount of trouble with doors in our time. (laughter)


I feel like that would be harder.


Oh, I'll pull it up. I've got it right here.


Howdy! What news from the road up ahead?


I don't know if we will all fit.


Yeah, that's not over yet.


We have tape. We could get tape.


Duergar.


Did you see any snake and lizard women and children?


But there are chains that I can reach there?


I heard you, and I wanted to thank you for saving me, and I promise you I will be the best servant you ever had. Thank you. I'm going to take a piece of the bark and I'd like to carve the symbol into the tree, the Stormlord symbol. Not very good, but just to have it there.


I actually go back to sleep, too.


That's very vague of you, Patisse.


I'm really shabby at the moment.


It can be restrained, that thing?


He's only making my deck stronger.


What's the circumference of the lake?


I might know my modern choreographers. Okay? Let's go back to Whitestone.


Got a stuck Vecna. All right!


Can I ask you, when you're praying over your swords at night, are you actually doing anything?


I know who he is! I'm asking him! Fucking piece of shit.


Bachelorette finalist? [laughter]


(high-pitched) Oh, yes!


The menu's changed quite a bit.


One hit point.


They get killed by not a lot, or a lot?


Health potions.


Details, details.


Caleb is furrowing his brow at everybody arguing about this as he's 30 seconds away from ending.


Pickle, can you release a Sarenrae bomb?


I wonder if I can use one of my pieces of paper to like put on there and then make it wood, like, fix it.


We're going to force perspective this shit. (as Gandalf) Hello, Twiggy.


Oh, he's on the other side of the wall.


Yeah, that's a big number.


Fair enough. You feel like dropping a coin on a team, remember The Mighty Nein.


I would like to remind you that potions are a bonus action. Thank you.


Good try, Scanlan.


Ah, nothing, just--


I do, believe it or fucking not.


He'll be a god in our next damn campaign when we're all dead.


That's the thing, she would definitely see there was a new door.


Where are you? What are you doing down there?


It is a natural 20, oh my god.


I think in the short term, we need to take care of two things: one, get a vantage point and see how the keep is and what we can see from above. We also need to get the staff out of here, we need to send them away immediately.


What kind of visitor?


I don't even think she's that bad. She's not going to be bad.


Rejected!


Not a ship, I'm talking about a raft, she could just paint a little raft and we could (boop).


I don't know. I've had a cough, and I'm... complicated.


Yeah, you do you.


I will be forthcoming with anything that you ask me. I have nothing to hide. I come from money; this is clear.


Oh no. Oh god.


Yeah, I figured.


I sell them a bit more than they're worth. (all laugh)


Is that-- Is that just--


I just dove off a cliff, so fuck it at this point.


Just keep flying!


We've got to make him remember how great we are and what he's lost.


And bonus attack. Bad. Bad-ish. 13.


Never happens. This never happens.


Cool. Yeah, he was pretty cool. He was pretty cool.


You're A1 sauce right now brother, you're doing all the good things.


You didn't happen to see a bowl, did you?


Prizes?


No, no, no, you'll have your own room.


We said he didn't eat. He drinks. (laughter)


How are things here?


Pike, smack Scanlan. Let him know.


I think what my friend is talking about is can you recommend any good ways to get into trouble?


Okay. So can I still get it there?


It was all the mucus on the ring.


Well, thing is, it's not here.


(whispering) To the thing!


Maybe your dad will have information on the Nine Hells.


I know what to do-- Scanlan. This is your moment. Shit on his face.


I rest.


They're not the worst.


I didn't roll yet.


We hold hands the whole time.


Fuck it! Run.


We have to lure the dragon down.


I know, I can't tell if it's actually really warm in here or if we're all just really hot.


Sounds a little "read"-y.


Ow! Okay, that's awesome.


Can we bring you anything back?


Well, you guys saw it. People inside can't hear me.


Thunder, thunder! When I did it.


Roll good, it's the first one.


So would I be Grog, then?


You have time to read that book right now?


Does that exist?


We'll help.


What ritual? What is the ritual going to do?


A warhorse for Grog.


Yeah, and it's just like, ha, that tickled. I'm going to go to bed, you guys. That was fun. Anybody else want to? No? Okay, I'm going.


I might be. You're always back.


I want to stay right by Bigby's Hand. I'll hold my attack until Bigby's Hand twitches.


Do you want to lead the prayer?


Or the rock?


But spelled N-E-I-N. The Mighty Nein. Don't forget it.


Why are you making it harder on yourself?


Why would you say that out loud?! What's wrong with you?!


Yeah, I'm actually just going to walk--


Somewhere in another part of the city entirely, Caleb's going: Oh, that's interesting.


I stepped on a catfish.


(sings) Moves like dagger.


She's gonna go pirate, she's gonna have a patch and a beard--


Could we have asked that guy?


Well, if she were to run out into the clear area, you could use Frumpkin, as if Frumpkin was hunting.


19 for Vax.


Yeah. But they don't have to see where those abilities come from.


Okay. Halved to ten or 11?


And I send it.


I'm going to change my stone, my Transmuter Stone, to be resisting ice or cold.


Stink pouch, fine.


I clearly am. (laughter)


Seems like a bit of a downer, just a book about a curse, I mean. You know how it's gonna end. Someone's gonna get cursed.


Let's try pushing all four buttons.


Advantage to disadvantage, straight roll.


Yeah, I was there!


Yeah. Do I need to disengage?


Yeah. Yeah. So real deep.


Well. That was terrible. No one found out anything. It was a waste of a day. We're all terrible at this. Goodnight?


Because then they can't go back!


Well. not specifically to Fjord, but to our group. We are an odd bunch, a collection of people, so you know, we tend to get our noses in things.


11,000?


Thunderlord, we back your play.


Write it down immediately what you remember. It really helps.


Well, we see how they do, and we try to rescue people.


Advantages on wisdom throws and whatnot.


Have you and Wheaton ever touched?


We asked for food.


Okay, it's going to move over to him. And he's bigger than large, so he's going to do a multiattack. He's going to do two slam attacks. Plus seven to hit. (groans) One's a natural one; the other's a natural 18. So one hits. 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage.


I'm going to check the tents. I'm going to check the tents to see if their stuff is still there.


We wake up all cuddled in a pile in our room.


On the Critical Role Twitter and Facebook right now.


Can I reach forward and go  (in a demonic voice) Rise, and I'll Accursed Specter the creature.


How do we know that?


I cast Invisibility.


Okay, I'm just going to do a-- I'm sorry, a level one Healing Word for right now.


Unload it.


And stock up on some potions. Hieris, you've been so helpful.


They are dead in there though, right?


Ah, oh god, did you see that--


It's a suit of armor, though.


While we're waiting I've asked the Deuce--


Oh boy. That don't look good.


Yeah, get to know us?


So, first, I buried my shame.


I just don't want to get overwhelmed is all.


Maybe three.


If you need a second to think about it, it's okay. We can start off first and then come back to you.


What am I seeing? (laughs)


It's a good hospital.


We could set an ambush later.


Let's find a place first.


Did anyone see you do it?


Trinket is standing right in front of him, eyeing him down. And I say, you're a noble creature, sent here for a reason. Yes?


We were going to stop on the way back, though, weren't we?


You talking about making a trip? Taking off?


Did you break down the platinum?


Okay, or sigils or-- maybe we have to activate them or not activate them?


The third time, yeah.


Dorks!


Yeah, Scanlan!


Robin?


Try it. Do it, Keyleth, go with your instincts.


He lunges at the lich?


Plus seven. Plus the dawn blade gets another bonus attack at disadvantage.


Great weapon master, reckless attack.


No, we can take the horses. It wouldn't speed us up, but at least we'd be on horses.


I have the worst initiative rolls all the time except for earlier today.


I think it was around like 14 or 16 or something, I can't remember.


For tinkering?


Do you give out prizes for the most ones rolled in a night, because I'm pretty sure I won that.


I can try. Can I do a Grasping Vine from the bottom underneath of him, and see if I can?


That might be his attempt to say, "I did this, I'm sorry, bye" kind of thing.


The Vales of Strongjaw.


Yeah. Only a fool travels alone.


Is my flask coming along all right?


That's nature? That would be a nature check or animal handling?


Or maybe, unless you meant to say me and you said Vax.


Just get me up. It's okay.


I'll say my goodbyes and come up and shake Fjord's hand.


Personally, I think that we should turn in those devious schemers and get all the gold we can.


I am going to sit on unbelievably high alert, and this place is giving me the heebie jeebies.


So there's a whirlwind in the center of the room, there's two piles of rocks, there's two vats of water, there's two torches, and then there's two spiderwebs.


The first line--


There was something that took off from the mast; it had wings.


Let's go, before they realize we were down there with the guy.


He's running a fucking undead--


They're wrapped up in the seaweed?


Right as rain.


It's that new damn gun. Its sight is all shit.


Cool. Sweet.


Would it be a nature check to actually think if I never learned about this in school?


I'm going to hold my action until somebody gets up on this motherfucker, and as soon as somebody gets close and catches his attention I'm going to stab into it.


(shouting) Marion! Don't look, Marion!


With my bonus action, can I use my Boots of Feral Leaping to leap horizontally 20 feet? I want to get within melee.


Yeah, hello, your hour is up, I need my cat back now.


Setting my new max HP. All right! Attack number one is 16 to hit?


I'm quick as hell. (laughs)


Of course, the bear.


They're both empty.


I have rope. Can we set some sort of tripwire trap?


It's a question mark right now, but there will be another chapter to that story.


Is it tea, what is that?


Yes, but the Briarwoods knew who you were.


Oh, stop asking for anything.


I know, right? It's not a saving throw, it's just a check.


I find that very entertaining.


Do you feel okay?


No, diamonds are Vex's best friend.


Natural 19, for 21.


27. And I'll hold my attack action.


It's got a little bend in it for your butt!


Happy little TPK.


It's "ow."


There's a tome that contains the incantation of what?


(laughs) Drop, fucker!


Yes? What?


I'm going to knock on the door, yeah?


No deals. No contracts. No shaking of hands. No signing of anything.


Okay, I immediately turn my attention to Cassandra. Can I do a medical check on her to make sure she's okay?


We are grappling the hell out of him.


Mm--hmm. Clean them off a bit.


He's coming back soon.


A fucking stick up the back.


(laughs) So okay. While the days are going, I want to roll for animal handling to teach Lockheed stuff, which is every morning, whatever.


We can do other things to make sure--


What? He hasn't told us shit.


They're large beings, right?


L'Chaim.


Also lives in bonertown.


I looked it up on Google first.


Good job, Matt. Good. Job.


It was. It's a magic war hammer.


Which body is fresher, Matthew?


So do we go see the leaders here?


It was a lot helpful! So we know blue, bad, black, bad--


Such as "City of Brass on the Elemental Plane of Fire."


50 points, so I put 39 back on, so that's 11 off.


Well, we should bind her and search her. Make sure she's not holding any weapons or anything.


Help them take shelter in the sewers. If there's danger.


Right after she disappears.


Do I recognize this person?


He's still grappled.


Scanlan, do you have an earring?


That's true! Do you know anything about your bloodline? Is there something about you? I feel like I have an essence about you now.


Does that burn your spell? Are you done?


All right. Let's send our friends on their way and make our way to the cavern that you found.


We're having the room party after the sewers.


And what's your role in it?


Hero's Feast with the chalices.


Oh, let's go back to bed.


Yeah, that would've been the end of us. Right there.


You're so amazing.


I lick Tiberius. (laughter)


You're using a luck?


But do they?


I love you guys. (blows kiss)


We're not in any tree line or anything.


24. 22, lies.


I turn, and I, seeing the bats come in, in bat language, in like, you know, echo (bat noises).


Thank you for that. I was almost going there.


He's on his way here. The more followers he has, the more power he has.


Eskil Ryndarien was the one I was thinking of.


Beauyasha. Do it up.


That's a tourist spot?


So you want to perform the exorcism on me?


Well, I guess that was something.


That's what they call me.


Wait- Wait!


No, they started. They are working on it now.


Stealth check. Do I still have the blessing? No, I don't.


So many things, guys. Guys, Dungeons and Dragons.


But he was dead. What the fuck is going on?!


I'm so glad I can't hear any of this.


I'm going to spend the first bit of time at home helping Pike, doing whatever she tells me to do, really, to help the people here.


It's good. We're going to go full Ocean's Nein, you guys!


Lucien?! That's a cool name!


Why don't we just let it be in the room for now-- Let's let it be in the room for now, nothing happened last night.


Show me your belly!


I forget, are we returning back to report in between missions, or are we doing a twofer?


I think also having-- Because with magic and everything like that, just bringing somebody back to life so easily, since we don't have that as much as maybe other games-- It's heightened, so every time someone gets hurt, we're all, I think now, after having that death, all of us are like, "where are you at? Where are you at?"


With your tail?


Nein. I'll do it.


Can you see if it's evil?


Yes! He said so! And then they'll be buttholes when we leave!


Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you, as well. I'm sure we'll see each other again real soon.


I don't want to lose the whole haversack.


I'm at 36. Luckily I also healed myself up.


Good night, Gilmore.


Everybody, meet your new rogue.


Unless we tried to use ourselves as slave bait again, put a few of us on the auction.


Oh good, you're awake.


Tinkerbell.


Are you familiar?


It's charisma. It's five. Five times five, that's 25. That's 25 feet. Okay. (sings) Bigby's Hand! So I call forth Bigby's Hand and I will force him off the roof. (cheering)


Yeah, and I had just snapped it off into the locks so that it's jammed it.


You put the ass in astute.


Bake her into the pies.


Yeah, go ahead, but I'm out.


We can talk to the dead. I have it.


That's healing. It's not much healing.


Inside the gate at the house?


He saved our lives a lot. (laughing) Downtrodden.


We got an extra room for him?


We're just introducing ourselves, that's all.


Can I have Trinket lift me? Stand up on his hind legs, and up against the wall so I can climb up?


I'm gonna choke on a chip. (coughs)


Yeah, 30 is the first one. Plus 10. And 13, 16, 26 for the second one.


Maybe we don't have to kill it, maybe they just (pfft).


I put a mound of shit in a jar in the kitchen and I told them, don't clean it up.


Oh. For my attack?


60 more feet, I think.


One more round.


Wait, before I go to sleep, I want to use my Pearl of Power and regain a 3rd-level spell, and I want to cast Sending on my Mama. And I'm going to say: Hi, Mom! I got a new spell. I want to say thank you for the package you sent me. I know that it was really hard for you to do that and I love you so much and I hope everything's okay with you, and I got your letter and the ink and I think it's so--


Magical grower.


Probably not together.


We have faith in you, Jarett.


Let's go in the mansion first.


I can't read the dice. It's either a 6 or a 9. No idea.


You can be frank.


So you can see them?


So we're going to hang around this area before we get to the boat wrecks, yeah?


I'll flip the gold ring over towards Caleb. I don't know if that does anything, but it was on the lady.


As they're setting up camp, Kash doesn't leave the side of the lake. He's just watching for where Z went in. He's just staring the whole time.


Don't fight him, you guys.


We did just do a lot of shopping.


Okay. As an earth elemental I want to drop into the earth and Earthglide.


I get an attack of opportunity on it, right?


I do. Can I do Step of the Wind and then fucking move him back?


(sings) Shocking like electric eels.


Use your sword to do it!


To him.


Who all is on the dance floor?


Here, I'll hold this so you can just act.


No, that guy.


We've got to get Grog back.


As the leader of this party, I will agree with the roshambo.


A two.


Do fey creatures live a long time?


Ja, one second, though. Which way from here are these Iron Chefs located?


Oh, good. Because I would like to check in to Vasselheim as well.


Okay. I'm glad you're here.


Is it salty?


(gasps) Grog!


It's north.


I could technically drop that mansion and she'd be on her ass. (laughs)


The whales are in my power!


What happened to him?


I should have rolled the one made out of meteorite, but I used the jade one.


She was really nice.


Enchanted by witches.


Wait, we gotta get our stone friends out.


I just go to my earpiece and I go  Thank you, Percy.


And I get all my grit back.


This is what we do.


Well, he can't fit through a window. (laughs)


Yeah. SilentKagosha. "Critical Role  adding a cave-effect to the audio when you are in the cave adds an interesting atmosphere to the show."


Is everybody finished?


I use it again for Vax. Ooh, that's better.


Well, I Druidcraft some earth and start wrapping it around the pillar.


Sometimes you do make them bulletproof and we get mad. But most of the time, we can crack the code.


I rolled 19.


Still love you! Still love you!


Ugh. You guys, I thought someone was going to kill him!


17 plus nine is 27.


Bards. They could be bards!


That's right, he does.


Do they know the address here? That's kinda creepy.


Add your inspiration, add your inspiration.


But if it's loud, and they're both dead afterwards.


I'm going to peek in. Can I see down?


Well, this is new.


Hey Scanlan, how will he know which room is my room?


Does she beat the shit out of Zeenoth?


Is that campfire still firing?


Yeah, how about Beau and I will go to the Song & Supper Inn and we'll meet you at the Leaky Tap.


Is that a celestial? What does a celestial look like? Do they glow all the time?


Apologies to my German teacher from high school. I start pissing on the docks and singing: Laurentia, liebe Laurentia mein.


Cannibal undead dwarves.


Say that again?


Yes, I can. And I do. I pick my broom up.


Nope! I'm taking it with me.


I won't deny it, but I also won't request it.


Wait, he likes small critters? Like me?


Does he seem to, like, notice or care that we're not the tieflings anymore?


Can I have a scale? Just one more scale?


Do they look--


I can't leave again until this is taken care of.


I have two because I have a pearl of power.


I don't know. It's ability checks, only.


I knew that's where she was going to go with this.


Oh! Yours rolled a one, too. (laughter)


No traces of poo anywhere?


It's within a thousand feet. Right? Yeah, no, I only sense things within a thousand feet.


Front and center? Or do you want to be on the sides?


I help, I help, I help.


I'm telling the truth. I hadn't even divvied up that amount from Dolan and everybody else.


Well, now I feel wrong saying I reach for it and try to see what it is.


No, I'm not going to shoot them in the back. The guy on the ground, he looks like he's in a lot of pain, doesn't he?


Yes, I've got my safety tags.


No big.


On the ones and twos. Ones and twos.


I reach out past my sister and pat him on the shoulder.


Okay. So I got to do two more?


Super inviting. Just all the tendons.


Not knowing how Hadar's works, it doesn't pierce that area, though, right?


Identify it.


And I start humming 'Kumbaya'. (all laughing)


To keep him here? Yeah. He's running away.


I don't have that much.


That's your bed, Keyleth.


Well, is there a chance it could fail? Might we die?


Yeah, I guess I'll hold. I mean, otherwise I have to shoot at it at disadvantage. Eh! I'll take a shot at disadvantage. I'm hidden, though.


I go  Hah! Ooh.


Thaumaturgy.


Ding-a-ling-a-ling!


What do you want with him?


I loved it, you can do no wrong.


Oh, until later, okay, okay.


The kind that doesn't get you drunk is not very good.


Yes. Let's check the rest of the temple.


I really did.


(heavy sigh) Yeah I can. It's for an hour and I can keep shapechanging into different things for an hour.


Subcontractor work isn't too bad of a living.


He doesn't care.


I can do it again. Can I do it again?


You're going to be on the outside too. I thought we'd put all the ranged people in there and draw its attention to attack them, and then while it's there we can all gang up on it.


Nay!


Oh, fellow dad for that joke.


What should I make it have difficulty with? Not saving, but checks.


There will be. Bears will be involved in the festival. Obviously. Especially since the clock tower is part of the festival and bears feature heavily in it.


This is real. This was meant to be. And I am on board.


I am at, hold on--


Are they real, or are they see-through?


Thank you for the drink, Vosna. I'll be taking my leave now.


I assume Find Familiar has fizzled?


I cast Fly on myself and I hover.


(singing) Push it, push it real good.


I will, and as I do that I also say, Doty-- remember how I said back up Grog? Me! Back up me! (laughter)


I want you to know I'm not afraid to go down.


Yes. Percy, you should tell them the short names for my titles. You know.


Okay, nervous, really nervous. There's nothing in here. Best discount codes for books in the D&D Beyond store? The winner is: beginnings. "Beginnings" is the discount code! Best URL on the entire internet? The winner is: DNDBeyond.com! Best picture--


Well, it takes two to tango. My palms are sweating at the moment.


Being very gentle.


They look normal, but I've got a keen eye for these things. I was a kid on the street for a long time.


I will only stop if there's something interesting in a window. Otherwise, I figure we're heading back to pick up the crossbow.


No, no, I think he-- sure.


What color is that die?


Decorum.


Six more days.


He's that close, already?


What kind of shirt is he wearing?


Look at this bruise.


Sees-- (groans) Okay.


Why? What did you do?


That's a good-- That's a good sign, right?


Flowers to make it look pretty?


She was the most shifty bitch.


Sorry, robot Liam!


I'm going to get down on the ground.


I would like to sidle into the tent that I exited before and disappear. Frumpkin will dart across behind Molly to the little tent.


Wait, did it happen already? We're still here.


Stick around tomorrow for Jess and Steph's birthday, where they cut my fucking face up. (cheering)


Oh! Finally. Okay, running up the stairs, running up the stairs--


I'll stand next to Caleb on the inside.


Hmm, that's a shitty roll.


I can Skywrite again.


No, I deserved that. Thank you. So did we win? What happened?


Fassbender. Scanlan named him.


Lady spas?


Well, yeah, but it didn't exactly go according to that plan because as soon as I heard my mother and father screaming inside... I was so sure. I was so sure... until I wasn't, and I broke a bit.


It looked like you. I'm sorry if it smells weird.


I'm up next.


I command the unseen servant to (imitates knocking)


Does this place have day and night the same way?


Scootch.


I'm coming to you with my laptop before you continue.


Either high school or my birthday two and a half years ago. It was my birthday request to play a one-off, and it turned into this.


Yeah, it was.


We got a jug.


Yes, I look like Vax.


I miss brunch.


I held it for a time, but I only have my Wheel of Mending in mine, as far as I know. Hold on, let me check.


I know it is. That's what I do. I'm waiting until one of them attacks one of my friends. One of the undead. I can't do anything about that. That's what I'm doing. That's my turn.


If I may, very quickly, are you with us, Tiberius?


Another whisper. Two whispers!


(laughing) I poop out my pee-hole.


Yeah, feed the baby, give it life.


But they're not paying us special attention at all.


We're leaving in the morning.


There are two goblins left?


Zsundie?


I'll grab one and then I'll immediately start yelling for Tooma. (yelling) Tooma!


That's an enemy. Brawler!


Let's go cook. Really, I feel better, that was actually really nice. I'm going to go cook.


We're not going to evacuate several thousand people, it's just not going to happen.


Yes you do.


Yeah, well, I don't want to pick it.


All sorts of fucked.


Let's hide it with the skeleton for now. We’ll put some of your thread on it?


Yep. But I found out from Vex, that when you trade, you get something in return and last time, I got a title. Yep.


Oh yeah, make his wings, when they come out, like white wings.


Okay, I can't tell what it is.


I'd like to call over the skeleton known as Fatty Arbuckle. I'd like to give Fatty Arbuckle an Ice Storm Candle.


I sent the announcement sheet to you.


Yeah, but it's only one attack per action.


That's a whiskey-based pronunciation.


That one I'm going to do in Common. (all laugh)


There shouldn't be too many of these.


Can I see all this happening?


Oh, no I didn't, 18.


Is anyone engaged with The RZA?


What do you think he just did? Do you think he just fell?


I'm going to go take like five minutes. I'm going to kneel down and sort of meditate in front of one of the pyres.


Okay. You want to go first, girl?


A soothsayer of some kind, perhaps. It might be a good way to start getting the word out of the sorts of things we're looking for.


Didn't help.


Ugh, oh my god.


Women are powerful, and amazing.


We don't need to slow the horses. We have a tree. If we want, we have a--


In her defense, the last time she tried this, it did fly away. It's not a flying tapestry.


Shoot for the sky. Where's the little (clicking sounds)?


I go to sleep.


Only you would put poop in a jar, Jester.


What happened? How'd they find you?


I'm looking, boy.


Let's save that for important stuff. All right, where is the window? Which way do I go?


The mage hand is going in!


As long as they are sucking it out of goblins, I'm good with that.


That's what's left of Molly's gold, 65. Figured since you put down so much money for a stranger to be busted out, a little bit of reimbursement.


And I brought Scanlan with me.


Sure! Can I have some of the-- I scrape a little stomach bile--


I will not die in this stupid temple.


The first attack--


I can walk on water.


But then maybe if they try to use the hand to find it, it might lead them to you instead because you've already pissed on it.


Oh. Well. No. Hi. That's gross.


And hopefully they don't see that happen.


Let it rain d6s from the sky!


Yes, of course we get Trinket! Scanlan Do we get Trinket on the trip?


That is just a nine! And I'll unload some poison into him as well. The DC is 15.


Oh, I thought that was his last name.


Oh right, he strings things together like a web, you know, like a dog makes.


I'm going to ask the front desk if they will send it to her. Back to our house in the Menagerie Coast.


Avantika. Who knows, really? It could be Avan-teek-a.


It's like the birthday cake coming out.


We have to sleep here, it's nighttime.


I cast Transport Via Plants on that big, fatty tree!


While they're winding down, can I sneak away and see if I can find Uvenda?


Yeah, welcome back. Don't be weird.


He can shape-shift -


I go up. I go up.


It could in theory collapse the arches, if you were so inclined.


Vex is making happy noises.


By the way, it's a little tiny cloak. It's like a half cape so it's like--


How high are the buildings next to the house?


That's all you wanted to know, just--


Anything seemingly aggressive.


Did you roll both 16s?


I'm fine. I've got more than him.


Scanlan, can't you sing a song to make her feel better.


12 plus five, 17 on the first one.


And then what does it do? Can it fight?


I realize what I'm doing, and I stop.


Maybe. Maybe I did.


Oh, the Spiritual Weapon!


I am halfway through Identify on this clockwork gizmo.


I have a bunch as well.


You better fucking speak dwarvish.


Pass it along!


You know Pike, I feel like we haven't actually girl talked about this.


I reserve Intimidating Presence--


She gave us a key to find her.


Make some goop. Some glue to put on it.


Tie it to my staff. I'm not disappointed.


Oh, yes! Pretty things. Sure, yes!


Basically, Tangled. But not.


Lady Kima?


You're not going to have to sign anything, yeah?


She rolled something. Oh, that was her 20 from before.


He keeps saying seemingly! He keeps saying that!


If you're going, I'm going with you to protect you because god knows Trinket won't.


Can I walk over to one of the pillars?


Can I just say right now--


Does it say attunement on it?


Don't speak.


Oh hi!


"Fjord!" I still try--


How do you want to play this?


We have undead.


30 seconds.


(sings) The more you know.


He wants to be freed. It. How would we free you?


My sister's right. Do it on his chest.


I feel like this is the first time I've seen you at a loss.


The mindflayer place. That was a ziggurat.


Because I'm in the gut?


Does she know if Asum is up to something no good? 25, I think? Better double check that. 25.


How big is it? Is it baseball-sized?


I only moved ten feet. So who's stone right now? Tiberius and-- wasn't-- aren't two people?


30 feet.


Combined of the two?


Yeah, we thought it was gonna be like 40 people.


I'm not stealthy today.


There ain't much else to do.


Do it! Do it, Grog! Destroy them! With no regard to any of his existence.


For everyone has their own magic word, and it won't work with you. (vocalizing, trills) By the ancient order of the school, fibulous!


Just to see what--


How far to the sides does it go? As far as the eye can see?


I'm damaged.


I'm going to go a few feet in. Do I see anything?


Yeah. Nott and Caleb didn't go up. They're busy. Would you like to learn something interesting?


What are you doing with your lives?


We are cows.


Do I still have a bonus action?


(sinister voice) Bad doggy! (laughter)


And I should also mention I don't have any money at the moment, so this is also--


It's the shaft of an arrow.


Good point, let's go.


I'm going to use uncanny dodge.


I could crush you in one blow, Scanlan.


No! Okay, seriously, that's too far. It's too far, don't. I don't like it.


Let's keep searching.


Oh? We're just going to take a shit in the alley?


No. 21.


I shout out, Twinnie!


Seven more forms show up.


That's awesome. I want to do that obstacle course.


Yeah, you're dead. Can I pat him down?


The Pillow Trove. Is that in the Tri-Spires?


(whispering) Can you insight check him?


Still hits.


How is he?


(pained noise)


Vax. Go fetch.


No, it's fine Scanlan.


Her koi pond!


38? Okay.


Yeah, it's my turn.


It's getting colder?


Bitch! Fine, bitch! I didn't want to listen anyway, bitch!


Visibility.


I'm going to walk all the way.


I hand him his drink as soon as he comes in.


Oh, and he still has-- no, I lost Hex.


Ooh, are there any ribbons around?


Yay, it's a boat!


And we've already told everyone the first week of the month is--


Well, I figure I would have tried to put him out when we got in the tunnel, but if his feet were hurting, I would have put him back in the necklace.


Keyleth? Scanlan?


I'd like to try and build a bolo arrow, a trapping arrow.


We all know how this country works.


Two. (laughter)


That will work just fine. Thank you.


2d10 or 2d8.


I want to keep an eye out for all of those imps in gold.


Yeah, maybe something other than chicken.


No, it's not! I have to be here, I have to be with her. I have to live in her castle or she in mine. (sighs) Listen, I've learned a lot from these people over the last year or so. And one thing I've learned is that you are who you are whether you have a lot of money or not. And I don't have that much anymore and I'm still okay with that. And it's not because of the things I own, it's because of the deeds that I do. You've done some bad deeds in your life, and it sounds like you've done them to preserve our family and preserve our legacy, but that's not a reason to do them.


Second attack.


Your clan sounds awesome.


The hunt for Fjord's third ball continues. [laughter]


Are they still on the walls?


Wait! What are we doing? We're doing a cannonball contest?


One plus three.


Here, here, I have-- it's only half 'cause I ate half of it in our journey through the tree. (laughter)


Wow. I mean, I've got to get on that boat, right?


No, it's relatively new for me though, so I'm just trying to learn.


The roof?


I can, but then I wouldn't have another 5th level.


No, Nott! (laughter)


Or hold action until she appears, that's smart.


Okay. Whoa!


Odessa's mate is south of the Frostweald.


Trinket is unconscious.


That's so hot.


It's named Shady.


Maybe I'll just go back and hit it!


That is ten. Because of the Boots of Haste, I get a third attack.


It is nice to see you again.


Be good. Just going on a stroll, ja? We're not going to kill anything, you're not going to, you know. Just taking a walk.


To see our keep to make sure it's not on fire? That's not a bad idea. Let's do it.


Can I just do a little, I'm going to scoop up a little bit and say, Percy, can I get a little bit of water added onto this? Can I do another nature check on what this is?


Then stop giving us sass!


Well, and humans have common sense.


It's going to be another door.


No, lost and found is a wonderful place to go.


Oh! So he's really small.


Is it naked?


Intelligence check? 11.


Oh, so there could be something really scary in here.


But you know what you're doing, right? Wait! Let's get in position! You and I can do a lot more hurt to these guys if we're closer to the position we have to go?


You've never played Boulder, Paper, Shears?! (all laugh)


What about my sister and Tibsy?


You know, if we're just going back-- Pumat Sol, what was the name of his spot?


Is he good enough to walk or is he--


Yeah, we are. So Beau and Jester walk up, and say--


In front of us?


(singing) Should I stay or should I go now?


Have any spots in mind that you can lay low for a while?


No, that's terrible.


You want to cut for the day?


Does the second story of the house that I'm in have windows? Can I see?


Yeah! I cast Disguise Self. Very long black cloak with gold trim, like a nice trim goatee and slicked back jet black hair. Piercing blue eyes, nice looking human.


You've got a lot of drool in your beard.


If we were to continue working our way up this totem pole, which of the two is less powerful?


I sit down.


Interesting. Knowing that, I kind of gather my thoughts and I head towards where the rest of the group is.


Boulder, Paper, Shears-- Boulder, Parchment, Shears.


No, I'm staying. I'm staying next to Percy. I'll shoot her from a distance!


I'd like to try and identify the animal that it ate.


I need it!


Pike clocked in at four.


Keyleth, you're up.


Go in? But if it's bad, that's bad.


We have come to discuss the (whispers) Horn of Orcus that we delivered here a while ago.


Bad News.


Listen, guys, this is something that we need to really discuss, first.


What's up, Pike?


God damn it. Take it. Currently, I do have some AC because I have some cover.


That's the sound for all instruments, right?


Yeah, that one. I'm going to rat kick. Rat kick. Natural 20!


It only lasts for a minute, but yes, I can keep her there as long as she lasts.


Yes, but it could take it off, possibly. If you smear sticky shit on its eyes--


She doesn't want you to smell her bag.


We need to get far away from here.


We have to pick them for the day, right?


Let's send him to Marquet.


So is that strength as a--


I see the-- oh god. Okay, I can only do this once. I see the-- they're not inside yet, right?


Bathe in blood. We'll see you soon. [Critical Role resumes at 2:22:43]


Let me double-check that I'm doing this right, hold on, deadshot's weird. Plus weapon damage. Okay, so that's eight, nine, ten, 11, 12, 13... 25 points of damage.


And the shrubberies?


12 total, not good.


Yeah, I don't know they're caught, do I?


I give him a cotton candy kiss on his forehead.


They're in the sky, I wanna hear birds hit the floor.


Just great. I run over to Percy really quickly. (whispering) Percy?


Who wants to go up on top?


Snack.


She should fire that person, but okay.


Is the gate safe for us to travel?


With this corpse. Does anyone want to help me? Who's got better investigation?


(whispered) I'll take everything.


Is there a roving band of priests that are trying to find you right now?


Did he take all his things with him?


All right. No, the other way. Blinding players as we go. Where am I? I'm there? I'd like to move to the slight cover of the pedestal.


Anyone want to go touch a wall?


The main door.


The power of the sun.


All right. It looks awkward, but stay there, if you'd rather.


Like right now?


Oh, well, a lot of books about really terrible gods. Some good gods. Oh! I have something about the Feywild; I remember picking that up. Would you like to learn about the Feywild?


It does not look like a fruit basket. It's not that ostentatious.


Yeah, how could you?


That is a good deal, sir, and I will give you the copper.


You're kidding me, right? That sucked.


I mean, gnomes are small, what if we give them all a shot?


Not like cornstalk high.


Bitch! Sorry. Go on.


Yeah, and all the flying creatures are going to see us immediately. We either go under the wall... How far from the wall to the tower is it? Does it seem?


It is the Random Old House. First edition. Let me tell you, this was a good find, everyone!


(yelps) I punch it. (all laugh)


Did you speak up yet?


I'll shoot again, one more time.


I'm sorry. Yes. I've not been in this big a city in a while.


Can you get through it, Keyleth?


Do we play any other tabletop games?


She's really fricking buff.


Good job, Pike!


I'm going to step forward. I'm going to stay away from the water thing. I'm going to use my duplicate to go forward and touch Caduceus.


I know there's a garrison out there.


We are the greatest ones in the group. Are the candles standing up or are they laying over?


Fruit? Fruit?


All right. We head over to the smelting apparati.


I mean, I'll touch Doty, but--


It's like La Vegas, it's always twilight.


Oh, hi, Mark, welcome to the game.


Okay, that's 25.


Tiberius, we're sorry to wake you.


Well, fuck, we've got a day! Let's go explore, see what we can find.


What's the roof look like above it?


He doesn’t have the info. And because he doesn’t have the sheet --


All right. It's going to happen. I feel like we should all get a tattoo to commemorate this.


That's a really good doll.


I can't talk yet.


Are there any-- yes?


Go fight her!


You lost me a little.


Oh my goodness!


20-foot cube.


I did, but I didn't.


There's no way we're unseen. Yeah.


It's a plan! Anything more complicated would immediately fall apart when anything shifts, which will inevitably happen.


Is there anything around the tree other than us?


I will. Thank you.


Okay. For each person?


I think we should also send you down that one as well to have a look around.


It's a Disintegration spell.


So we can definitely entice them. You guys can pose as slaves and show him some amazing feats and say, "There's more where that came from, inside the mansion!" but if he says no, then what's our plan?


It's nice that they named a convention after me. Great. I'm going to strike with Fane-Eater.


I'm assuming there is. It's a doctor's office, right?


Get the map! Where's the map?


I wanna take the umber hulk into the creek right behind me.


Nope! Not yet. Just in case things go bad-- and I also just want to make sure-- that's a 26?


You sure? Because I kind of thought you might for a very long time.


Let's get out of here. (sings) So now I come to you with Dimension Door.


We need someone just off the boat in case things go awry. I'll message you that we need some help on the inside, and there needs to be someone on the outside of Honda and Tiffany in case he needs some help in there, I don't know.


Yeah, seconded.


Like forest wasps.


Simon's daughter. Now, did he like the Briarwoods?


'Cause I knew you wanted me to.


I scream as I come down the whole way going (screaming).


That's true. And there's 50 to 100 refugees, you said, something like that, right?


He has a logo.


Caleb sends Frumpkin right down to the one that Jester was attacking and I will send out a Fire Bolt at the same time.


Is that what she told you, that this was fate?


Surely not.


Yeah, six, so 11 damage for the claws.


But here's the thing, we're not going to have a better chance to get them away from Vecna. Should we attack them now?


It comes right back to you?


We're going to see a safe house that the lights have been out at.


No, I came in with you guys, I think. Am I not in?


(kissing SFX) Come on.


(counting) 25.


Does that affect his wisdom ability checks? The Hex?


Oh no! We're in big trouble, you guys.


Doing stink magic.


Oh yes, here you go, thank you.


Are we on the first floor or second floor?


Not in a while, but we thought you guys were engaged to be married. No?


And we've got our Critical Role logo on the back. So cool.


Oh! So I'm at plus eight now?


I'm running to find Nott, our master gunner-in-training. I'll say: Nott? I need you to keep an eye on those guns we're not looking--


How far away is Kymal?


I've heard you say that two or three times.


I'm not even here.


101 platinum, 131 gold.


In all experience, let's be honest.


Getting it all out of my system now.


We should've invited Kaylie to come with us. They could've stayed--


(old man voice) Where's Steven?


Got a good idea. What if you go, you don't take the skull, you tell Allura what's going on, bring her back with you through the tree!


Oh god, just kiss already!


Yeah, some squats.


Oh, that was him.


Just tell people it was brilliant and great.


Yes. I think, Percival, you're leading the way. Use my sister as an advisor, but you're leading the way right now.


The canopy of trees above, right? There's no sort of--


I feel like Helen Hunt in that moment in Twister.


Oh yeah, she's all about this fucking shit.


Does she roll the healing potion if I take it, or do I roll it?


Just try, give it a whirl.


Yeah. Okay, well, then we just die. (laughter)


Glands? 18 is not bad. I'll take that 18 for a 28. Hey, Vax, can I see your dagger?


I'm going to let the trees-- I'm not going to touch the tree, but I'm going to walk up. I don't know the last time you had people in here, but we're going to try and pass through. If you want, we'll take some fruit, if you want the fruit to leave the chamber. If not, we'll try and do our best to leave it be. We respect your space here.


Oh, you gave me a little smirk. They're totally haunted! (laughter)


How far away is it now?


Wait, if you get really excited, you should go (air horn blaring).


No. What? Ghosts or wraiths?


I'm going to walk over to Samson's place and become very excited at the prospect of a new accent.


Oh, natural 19.


You're ready to come in. Come into the--


Seemingly?


I want to see if I see any movements or brushes of cloth or anything like that.


So I’ve used an action but not the bonus action, so I’m going to disengage.


Everybody else does fearful anime reacts the whole time. (gasping)


How much did you make when you were--


Keyleth, perhaps you should let your people know that the world is in danger.


I'm going to parkour elf, get on the-- Elf? Monk, get on the roof of the nearest building.


Yeah, glitter bomb. Oh, glitter-bomb Vecna! I like the idea that he got glitter-bombed.


As he looks at the clock! "That's adorable."


I would appreciate your help in restarting the economy of Whitestone, to be fair.


That was a very good Klingon translation.


Julius de Rolo.


No! Not in my belly! You're borderline offensive!


Oh, what the fuck?


Oh yeah; they have a giveaway library, where they give a book to a kid every day.


Maybe, Fjord, you can, like, go seduce her or something. Then, you know, with the seduction, then (whispers) you can sneak into her office.


E3 is two weeks from now, and I'm also going to be at Amazing Comic Con Vegas two weeks from now. And Signal Boost is currently in its second week, which is hilarious, and amazing, and you should totally check it out because it's weird.


I would rather you, as an accomplished healer, knew where the diamonds were on your person and got them lickety-split rather than you looking through my 32 pockets to find the diamonds.


What do you think that is?


We went out of there.


Okay I hold up my cone, my Hand Cone of Clarity, and I will cast Eyebite. Singing to it (singing) Scanlan's eyes are biting you. Making you very sick. Ooh, Scanlan's eyes are biting you. Scanlan's eyes! All right, so the Eyebite refers to my eyes. He doesn't need eyes. He doesn't need to be able to see me, I have to be able to see him, right? It works. Okay, so I'm going to do Sicken.


Oh shit, I forgot to use my bonus action. Can I pop in a quick bonus before that?


Yeah, second is a 26.


Oh for god's sake, 30 gold.


Look, there's condensation on the map.


Yeah, how's the letter going?


Hey, before we go, can I just say, there was one special Critter here who got the farthest back seat in the entire theater, someone who is in balcony, row K, seat 32. If you look next to your seat, I left you a little present. That's you, way back in the back corner right there, you.


Hits!


Well, that hits, but I'm going to use Uncanny Dodge.


Oh. Well then, no! Try it on Vax.


They take 3d10 damage and this cacophonous thunderous boom.


Well, I probably can't hide; isn't that a bonus action?


I'm back!


How strong are you?


Now? We don't even get a night together or anything?


It is far simpler than I had imagined.


The Balleater. Oh, yeah!


I think I landed on my keys!


Let's be honest, it doesn't really matter what we think about that price.


That is the sound of the craziest bat house ever.


It was still uncanny.


I'll say, if you're being kidnapped, you can respond to this message and tell me.


Six for her.


In that Trial Forge, are there like, more of him, like a bunch of big, jacked-out guys in there?


Oy. 11.


I get up on Trinket's shoulders and cheer.


We're hitting gems, too.


Can I do a nature check to see if that sounds like anything familiar and could be a problem?


All right, if that's what you guys want to do.


Keyleth walks over and pulls out her Hunk of Quall.


I'll take the last.


Like a flying rhino?


Wow, that's so weird!


Okay, do your thing, do your thing.


Sweat pants!


What do you see, Beau?


Roll well. Here we go.


You don't need to be nervous, either.


How's New Jersey?


I think we have to convince Kevdak to abandon this plan to attack the dragon--


That's what I was going to fucking say.


You're going to use a carrot?


From what I understand-- is it possible that it's not possible to destroy this and instead it has to be banished somewhere, perhaps?


We could bring him into the mansion.


The guy.


What if we could've chased after them? Right away?


I don't think he wants to talk to us.


A few of us were eating apricots at the time.


We have been given a direction to move to actually defeat our foes. We have been given a sign, we have been given something to move for. There is an inevitability to the goodness of the universe--


Yeah, even just general vibe.


I'd like to try to take control of it with Geas. See if I can tell this bitch what to do.


Fuck Clarota? No, we can't!


What if they want to destroy it?


Ja. Then I will keep wading through the shit, try to get a little bit closer.


First, there was the dinosaurs. (laughter)


Gonna grab this cool new greatsword that I have, stand up on the table, and just jump at this guy's head, and swing at it with my cool new greatsword.


You should get in the water and clean yourself off.


Don't fall to oblivion, please?


Yes. As soon as possible, can everyone meet here?


Two feet taller, I can only do a foot taller or shorter.


We have mutton.


The stealthy reach-around.


She's carrying the whole thing?


Oh, he's trying. He's working the angles right now.


It wouldn't be encumbered because--


Yes, that's right.


Bad roll, 13 hit points total.


We'll figure it out.


With my dalliance.


Oh, and I'm going to turn the poison on for the poison dagger, which I'm going to use for the second.


Yeah, a little bit more. I'm going to go behind that tree there. Yep, that's fine.


Oh yeah, reroll those ones!


How big are the holes? Are they giant?


That's bullshit.


Yes! 21! Nope, 20


Listen, I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, and I don't want you to make the same ones. I love you, and I want to support you in whatever you want to do, at this point. My time has come, and I've done my thing, and my thing is done, and now I want to help you do whatever it is that you want to do. If that means I can be close to you, then great, but if it doesn't, then I'll come visit every once in a while. We made quite a bit of money as the Meat Man.


Yeah, what does that mean?


I can't draw, and if only one of the amazing artists were here. So okay, it's a penis. (laughter)


Yeah, I'll use it now! Okay, that's better. That's 17.


I'm sorry, I never talk so much. I'm just really hungry after that stupid meal.


Okay, that's plan number one, then. I think it's not a bad idea that we spread this de Rolo family crest around.


This is what Fatty would've wanted.


I fly back up to tell them what's going on.


Anything specific that we should be on guard for or prepared for?


It'll be awesome, it will look like they're coming out of the grave. They'll look like badasses!


No notes! Flying without a net!


Yeah, can you throw me at his side away from his eyeball?


Oh, she's the one that we talked to before.


Just the biggest one.


Lovely. Thank you, Scanlan.


Marisha writes down everything.


(sighs) All right. First shot.


That's shapeways.com.


I just need visual and just... no, there's nothing I can do.


Yeah but I'm asking because he offered.


Roll him over, roll him over! Grog!


You're going to throw up?


No! I do, however, still have my title.


I can see the wrinkles from where it was packaged.


Let's do it because it's fun. Disadvantage is an 18 plus seven, so I think that's pretty good.


I lift up the cup and keep putting it in, and say, a round of the strongest on me. I've got that, as well.


Sorry, my curiosity gets the best of me, always. You are talking about buff-- "buffaro" creatures, or something? We saw these beasts on the outskirts of town. They look brown-furred, beast of burden-type creature? Do you know what those animals are?


You're right. In retrospect, I should have been doing this literally every day. I just learned the spell a week ago.


Not speaking as Percy, this is legitimately nightmare fuel right now. I'm not sleeping tonight.


I hold up my hand and shush the group with my hand.


Let's head downstairs, and we might not need to worry about this in a second.


I'll take care of it.


I'll take my run first? That's a-- wow. 17. My brain.


Are we really going to pledge allegiance to a bunch of different gods? That's what we're going to do?


Come on, Nott, it'll be fine. We'll see if we can meet anybody else who you could make feel better about who they are.


Ten, thank you.


I'll just run up, as far as I need to be within 60 feet and do it again to her.


We're a motley crew.


How far away is it? How far away is the city from us? How many days on horseback?


I suck tonight!


Sure, I'll take that.


Want to throw a pillow down there?


The baths here are quite lovely.


It was a three plus seven, so ten?


Bring the holy retribution.


I rolled a 24.


And this is like-- (whispers) what's a big number?


Okay, I pick him up by the top of his head and I do a one, two, three!


Well, we also have this K'varn, who is experimenting on all those creatures, so we can't even attest for any of this.


It was there the whole time, Matt. (laughter)


Yes. I will run a few steps up and hit it with Sacred Flame.


Because if we don't, she can destroy Whitestone whenever she feels like it.


But I did hear you, sorry to-- I did hear you and sorry that I didn't say.


We do have two smarter members that are not here, Scanlan and Pike, but maybe you'll see them later if you stick with us long enough.


Do they look like the owlbear feathers that I picked up earlier?


I have an alternative. I could do a bit of dalliancing.


I'm going to hold up a towel.


See this belt? It's got a series of these little--


Oh it was? That is so weird, I remember 30.


I will use my bonus action to inspire Percy, and I'll say, (sings) Percy's got a gun. Percy's got a gun. And then, yeah. Sure! I'll try to duck behind Vax for cover.


Not great. Five.


I would tell you, but I don't want to frighten anyone in this room. It's about the-- (quieter) It's about the skull and I can only bring one. Percy's request.


Yeah, they went to the ocean.


No, I'm sorry. 33 to hit for the second one.


Care Bear. I tell Kerr, even surrounded by friends, I often feel so alone. Thank you for being a friend, even though we just met.


Who are you?!


Oh, I've never seen one before. Are they buying--


No, don't say it.


Out of sync, is what they're saying.


Yeah, I would go around there to-- That's good, I suppose. What's in between the-- between him and that. Is that a boulder?


No, Grog.


Yeah, I rolled an eight. He checks out.


Sarenrae, we have travelled very far and we are here and if you could give us any guidance to get closer to you I would be forever grateful.


You've got six duergar in a row. Is there anything you can do that's--


Okay. So I'm going to sing while you heal, if that's all right.


Don't get so far that we can't get to you if it hits you.


This is in no way, by the way, an amazing mirror of that one time underneath Kraghammer. They're just going to find another Clarota.


There are two skeletons. They'll go down quick.


Well, we were right here.


Just raving.


Does it appear to be natural?


Just sort of gently weep.


They do, but--


There's no barmaid at all?


Oh, can we get the magic carpet now?


Creepy Zahra!


I just turn to the nearest crownsguard and--


Maybe we could use that to escape later.


He'll look like a commoner--


Am I supposed to punch her in the face now?


Why would that give us any advantage? I'm making a door five feet away from the other door?


Oh no, we killed our guard?


I'm not gambling for torturing children.


R. Kelly would agree. (Matt laughs)


Nope! (laughter)


He's a devil.


You can't?


Correct. What if she's already been killed in Wildmount? So many theories, you guys. So many theories! It's kind of exciting.


What if we tie a rope to you?


Can I perception check it?


Because we kind of got a guy–


While you look, I will say an important point for clarification. Once we are out of the view of this gentleman guarding the secret entrance, Caleb, walking with poise up to a tree, leans against it, bends down and has a panic attack.


So that's a better roll? A better roll. That was a pretty good roll. 16, 17, 17, 27-- 33 points of damage.


You look beautiful, Mama.


Yeah, I have some time. I think we should just hang out like old times just for a little bit.


Lionel, I have the perfect thing for you. And I pull out the metal skullcap.


Just go and buy some potions.


Aw, should have focused on the dagger.


Oops. (laughter)


I'd also like to point out that Grog's single nut-flick did more damage than your two full-on punches. (laughter)


She's up 60 bonus hit points.


It actually makes perfect sense to me.


Plus he had three in his Bag of Holding.


And this was the end.


Which means "of course."


Wait, you can't see because you're looking through the sparrow, or because you're a human?


It was both of us.


I go over to the dominoes.


Right, best of intentions, yeah. I feel you.


So you guys have officially dubbed yourselves Critters, and by yourselves, I mean by Liam. (all laugh)


Well, we brought bottles. That's rude, isn't it?


I'm going to try to change one of my cards.


Let's not go there. No need to be naked.


He'll set a good trap.


I have poofy arms now. I like my poofy arms. I've got little poofy arms. They're great.


Oh, oxygen?


Lady Kima, are these things absolutely necessary? We have a secret entrance to this place. We could leave now. Are they of vital importance, the things you've lost?


Does this happen a lot?


Because I want it.


Is anyone following us from the Scarbearers?


We're stage whispering.


How do you know about that?


What's wrong with a boat? We haven't been on a boat.


I don't know. I don't know! I don't know.


I know! And she's really good with money!


It was hard to tell. His face is always green, so we couldn't really tell.


Book rappel. Book belay. Book belay! (laughs) I'm the smartest man alive!


How big is the tunnel?


He saved from the spell.


If you'd just wait a bit, all right?


And they also made a little commercial for us.


I have a feeling we'll meet you again, Artagan.


Yeah, it's down feathers all over the place.


Well, at least we're all together again.


She doesn't know.


Sorry to interrupt your incessant flirting. Can I please have a damn drink?!


You know of The Gentleman? Is that a good thing or a bad thing, because we're not cool with him so much.


I'm on a boat!


I'm okay with 30.


Yeah. He takes one end; I take the other.


(laughs) Pendulum.


A 3rd-level spell? It's gone.


Okay. Okay. We'll see you later.


Jot this down! (horn noises)


Thank you. Laura: Oh god. As you know, D&D Beyond is the official digital tool set for Critical Role. It's got a ton of features, but one of the coolest is that it keeps track of stuff like hit points, inspiration, and all sorts of modifiers to your dice rolls, which is amazing, especially if you're the kind of person that's more focused on which dice you're rolling with.


I light it up.


You just had a really long conversation with her.


And when fruit goes bad, it turns into wine!


And I do love using that spell.


Caleb, you want to do a little scan while we're here? See if anything tingles your fancy?


All right, so I'll Healing Word.


Try taking it off, Kiki.


It's a quad lay-up.


God (angry muttering)-- seven.


I don't know if that hides me enough. Is that--?


Aw man, yeah.


I know that you all look at me and you just see the armor and the handsomeness--


I am wearing the deepest black robes, and I have a black goatee. Very Evil David Hasselhoff.


Close your eyes. It helps with the nausea.


Not interested. So Caleb pushes up, and if we're in difficult terrain, what, can I move like five feet or something?


I'm going to do 1d8 plus I'm actually going to burn two points of lightning into this too from Cabal's Ruin. So I'll see what one of that does.


Wait, wait, are you grappled?


What do the figures look like?


I run in with a keg of black powder that I've been building. (shouting) Are we fighting?!


Then I'm just going to attack it twice.


I'm going to change the subject though one more time and then we've got to go to bed soon because I am fucked up.


Bottomless pit!


(sighs) Everything's better with Molly. (laughter)


Suspense!


Wih-bih-dib-n-dum.


Oh, no. This is so funny. I've seen you from afar, but I'm very busy in the back room. You know, I'm very-- I'm invaluable. Right, Mertin?


We have a sigil. We can teleport.


Yeah, rolling eyes.


That's because of the air. You're going to have to equalize.


Either way, we can now ask about the ritual.


Do you want to leave them with Nott?


I'm going to move-- Is it stupid to move into the mansion?


You're a prospector!


With my money. I'll buy you guys breakfast. (singing) Irena!


What? I've bonded with its essence now.


Did she say anything else about what she wants?


Strength saving throw, bitch.


I don't know if I want to do it with an enchantment.


Don't ever do that again.


We get like, little strobes from the lightning. It's like that opening sequence in Blade.


Parallel?


Oh yeah. I want to go over and start searching his body.


That was amazing! We are secret agents! We're secret detectives!


We had a very heated discussion over the earring in that 30 seconds, let me tell you.


So we can do that.


How do you want to sweet tooth this?


(muffled) Scanlan! Open the door.


If you have the Gilmore shirt, it feels like the Gilmore shirt. Also, the Critical Role dice are coming back in stock very soon, but they are on preorder right now in the store. You can go in and get on that. We also have the CR enamel pin back in stock, so you can check that shit out in the store right now. We'll wait.


You can move.


You're welcome? Thank you. It was lovely to meet you-- and he really does have the best of intentions.


Are we still pretending to like this fuck?


Well, he said that they were cursed, they lost their ability.


I'm going to politely ask the local greenery and let them know that we're going to be coming through and that we're going to try not to disturb them so long as nothing disturbs us.


Shabby chic.


What? I saw the check on my iPad, and I thought it said 15. I was like, "Wow, that's so much money. Holy crap!" There's an extra one in front of that. (laughter)


Oh dear. I'm going to use Luck. 14.


No, we're going to get the dog, too.


Yeah, I wanted to put it in my things. I like to have things from nature.


A beautiful, bloodied...


This is shit. Oh plus the proficiency. No, it's still not enough. It's like nine. Nein!


- problem.


You said both of those things?


Yeah yeah yeah, I'm gonna do that.


Someone walks up to it while the others flank around?


So I just see him up like this?


Highlights.


So did that live up to your expectations, then?


But let's make sure that Whitestone is safe before we do such a thing.


And then retreat.


Grog, there's giant scythes in the wall or something and I can't figure out how to take it apart. Do you have a weapon that you could jam in this fucker? Like a throwaway weapon that you don't care about?


It's for training and working with weapons.


They know we're here.


This is exciting, you guys.


Wait, even the ones that were cauterized?


It's a flight of fancy. It did not happen in our game. It should have, but it didn't.


Are you coming with us?


Is he saying that like we're supposed to be doing something?


Make someone expendable, it's a brilliant idea.


Oh yeah, I'm on the broom. And he's on the broom.


No, send him on a mission.


Oh, great. Pike's good at quiet.


Whoever sold you that and said it was an aerator is laughing their happy asses off.


Ah, excellent. Excellent.


I am not cool, so you are not talking about me.


This is Sneak Attack.


I think it's okay because I'm going to have to use all my fucking spells healing you, Beau!


No, not sponsor. They're the official tool set of Critical Role.


