On you.


Pike, maybe you could help him.


I would like to be friends with you again. I just have a condition.


Someone has Feather Fall, right? No?


It makes your eyes pop.


Aye aye.


We got the ashtrays.


So does that mean that the-- I've seen a deal somewhere with somebody, also threw in some healing spells when they bought a cloak? Is that a thing?


And now do I see that guy better?


Keyleth, you said that there's no other undead around here, right? Maybe we shouldn't look like undead, then.


Take the skull?


Wait, that's a cliff?


No next time!


I'm definitely waving my tankard around and shouting at them. Ah! The docks!


Grog, I know you don't know what's going on right now, but kill Keyleth!


He's taking a photo?


I recently-- I will say, before death-- had a bit of an epiphany, and have been trying-- not always succeeding, but trying-- not to dwell on such things.


Are they dry?


That's enough! Marisha has a poem prepared!


That's not bad. Yeah! So that's 34! (cheering)


All of it!


Ooh, the Brokenveil Bluffs look scary.


Come on, sailor.


You earned your comma.


What's your favorite part, Ashley?


Nott cleaned up?


How wide radius is this area?


Where's our order?


Here! It is a strength thing, though.


No, she didn't.


Can we have Doty copy down everything that you just said?


Anyone else pick up on those two individuals over in the corner?


Can I do a sleight of hand roll?


I'm disappointed that we don't have real bacon right now!


Okay. We're going in the small hole or the big hole?


Or allies nearby. It's in the middle of a city.


Or I could sneak in and grab it for you.


Oh, yes. I have a spell that can locate objects.


Is there moldy dungeon smell?


Go fuck it up.


14 and five, you said?


I've always noticed a fine metallic sheen coming from your red scales.


Wow! You guys, we saved his life with the power of friendship!


Who was it, was it you, or Vex? That tried to float down with the carpet, and then we realized it was magic?


We can't have Dolan rat on him. Hmm.


We should avoid Nogvurot right now.


We do still have bracelets. We do still have pins. We do still have a few socks left. We still have shirts!


Oh, gut!


Are you hungry right now? (laughter)


Okay. Okay. Wilhand.


Like a person's worth.


I am a fan of pie, Kiri!


Tiberius. Can you rally the illithid?


What did what look like?


It could maybe work.


It looks just the way I remembered it though.


I take the lead, I guess. (caws)


What? On your buds?


Actually, when the final book came out, we went to one of those Borders parties and I had my little Slytherin robes. I have Slytherin robes. And all the Slytherin kids were hanging outside of Borders smoking clove cigarettes and hustling little Gryffindor kids for their book money. (all laugh)


Pike would be so happy right now, she loves torture devices.


Go get it, keep going. Momentum!


Okay. Yeah. I'll take the other side that Arkhan has not. Grab the other side of him and try and grapple him, leaving him open and available for Scanlan.


Let it happen! Let it happen! (laughter)


Where do we item up? Do we get potions and stuff somewhere?


"Oh my god, everything's gone to shit!"


We'll need fancy robes.


Well yes, but that is--


Head back out, where?


But she can hear me.


I want to do a Commune with Nature spell.


In the same shape?


15 feet out is far.


Because it's another good name.


Just these abs, babe. (laughter)


Yeah they did!


If Caleb was in the room when Bryce said it, then Caleb would know.


We should ask if we have many gifts to offer and see if a trap door opens or something.


Was she absorbed?


The carnival is going on today?


He's a weird loner, that guy.


You don't get angry? Have you played Dark Souls or Demon Souls? Because--


No. (all laugh)


It's a temple?


Oh God, that's our giant.


Holy moly.


They also perished, that was a different group, yes.


Right. Got that little orangey. Mm-hmm.


We're going to Gilmore's, too.


Oh, we went shopping.


I just hit 18th.


I'll just reach forward and say  Let none pass.


They can't see that.


I don't think it was personal.


The right one.


I go (clicks).


I will not move.


But also bows are really cool. We should give him some, because he's got all these barbs and they'd be really fun to decorate.


We should probably have asked--


Why are you even looking over here? I know stick figures. I know charades.


Okay. That is a 13.


I'm going to Step of the Wind again, to get up. (panting) Double my jump.


I'm going to inch ahead of everybody.


No. No. I like what Percy said, I think there's worth in being clever.


I have three attacks.


Sorry, guys, excuse me. Sorry, excuse me.


He still coughs.


Can I pick up Sylas's onyx sword?


We also do a Minecraft server, for subs only, but if you want in on that, there's no automated message for that server info, so just make sure and message the Geek & Sundry account, and we'll get you that sub IP address for the Minecraft server. I know we have more, there's lots more stuff. We do some other sub-only chats throughout the week. lots of emotes, other fun stuff. But we're gonna go ahead and roll some videos while we get set up for the Q and A. This was a lot of fun, oh! I would like to challenge you guys to do a quick little donation drive for the charity that you guys support.


They're rich.


Scanlan as Burt Reynolds.


I've got special gloves.


Yes, DM, I would like to say that, too. If we're ever camping outside, just because Liam is a dumb fuck and will forget it. Every night, Caleb does silver thread around the group.


Yeah, no, I'm--


I know what this is. Do I need roll perception if I know what it is?


(laughs) Fassbender? No.


Am I rolling for performance? 28.


The first one was a five, so six.


There's the oni, the giant red dragon.


(fake cough) Whiff!


Nott, I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you! So well done!


People coming.


Carnival? I don't know. (laughter)


So No-stock. Nostoc?


Gail, your friend from school was just in a car accident. She was drunk driving.


Down to her feet.


I'm full.


Can I respond?


This is one of the ones in the cages, right?


Yes. Draconia has an army, 500 standing, 200 are airborne.


Can I knock on it?


Ink-blue skin and long silvery hair that was in a top long ponytail thing. Long green-- and she had burgundy armor. He was in a wooden room, somewhere.


(whack) (laughter)


A creature of fire?


This way!


Yes. I have--


Let's do it. Okay.


No. Let's just do it.


Yeah but, oh.


Matt Cone of Whisper!


They just cut the power on our show.


Which is why we're picking you up in the second group.


He does not cook.


I have an announcement.


There's no snapping, breaking the glass?


I'd say go ahead. I figure if they were meaning us any harm they wouldn't set a fire.


I will aim for its open mouth as it's going "huah." And pin its tongue into the back of its skull.


(laughs cynically) At least he's safe.


It means there's only one to shoot off to make sure she won't be a problem.


Anyway, he wanted me to pull a prank on you, and we have a lot of history with that, and I held onto it for a long time, looking for a time that felt right, and it never happened, and sometimes I felt like I didn't want to do that anymore, but I don't want to let his gift go to waste. And truth be told, I did a bit of research on it. It is a love potion, Grog. (gasping and cheering)


We get to do a Christmas special online this year!


With all the rage I've ever had, I will reckless attack. Grab the trammel from Pike and aim it right in his stupid chest.


Yes! Squeak, squeak, squeak! Come get me!


Natural 12. And then, not so good. 12 again. Total.


The point is, 9 00 tonight, guys. D&D Beyond. Blood. I love you, Travis. Go Dallas.


Do I want to do Patient Defense?


I rolled a really fucking shitty initiative.


(singing) My math is awesome!


Are you body-shaming that otyugh?


This is the wand, this is just it?


That's not okay.


I'm sure everything went according to plan.


Well, as soon as we move, we won't be camouflaged in this crop anymore. We'll lose that.


(mumbling) You want to put something else in the bag?


Get me ten sets of scissors.


8d6?


I'm sure that one's not important.


Well, we're about to find out. The dodecahedron is in my satchel at this point. I push all the other items towards the case and whatever is there, and I use ritual magic to cast Detect Magic everywhere. I just cast it.


All of those work. (laughter)


She's on the ground, though, and she is out of it so you could fucking Goodfellas the shit out of that woman.


CritRole. I want to lick mine and make love to it all night long.


The tears, Scanlan had to kiss her on the head, he put a figure that he carved of her, it was very elaborate. This one was majorly in tears. Laura was in tears.


Oh my god! (laughs) That looks awful. Really awful.


Is there anything we should know about that?


Lots and lots of snorkels.


Oh wait a second! Eh, all right.


Thought you needed a minute of clarity.


Done. So I get to roll twice?


That definitely hits. Dodge, dodge, dodge, ugh!


Skadoosh!


That's the color of Dr. Manhattan. I don't necessarily know if it's the same thing.


Excuse-- Excuse-- Excuse me--


I could stand guard as a crownsguard next to it.


Yes! (cackles)


Can I give him a potion?


So perfect! So perfect for you.


So, the 3d8, that's 19. So, half of 19.


Head back to the curiosity shop.


I think it's great.


Is it just rings, Matt, or were there other things in there?


Actually, just a small trifle. Are you staying here?


Disadvantage. That is a 25.


At the end of the first day, before all of that stuff happens. Sorry, guys, this is necessary.


What if--?


Move-- I don't know where that is-- move behind the pillar. Can he get there?


You are-- Hulkling. And Iron Lad. But we're going to be talking about the teenage superheroes of the Marvel U, specifically the ones who take the Avengers name, and they're really fun and the modern take on them is really going to be influencing a lot of the stuff that ends up on TV and it's going to be a lot of fun. They're some of my favorite books; they're badass.


Well it seems like-- I mean, I'm not the stealthiest person. It seems like having more numbers is a good thing. I don't know if we could create a distraction of some kind, lead some of them away. I don't know.


It's really happening.


Hulking, stupid giants?


Vex. No, Vex. Yes. Stand over-- and I use my Still Image and take a little spell of her--


He's going on a walkabout.


Sorry, these dragon lips can't whistle. Mostly just fire comes out.


See, it feels like an inside joke.


Then it eats you.


And from Jester.


It's not always genies in cans.


Well, hold on, Tary. If you had it your way, what would you want?


(accented) "We've caught the wind!" I've heard sailors say that.


Can you see me in the air?


We already told you your weapons are ours.


This guy's our new Gilmore, you guys!


Ten. 25.


Is just one strike. Sorry, I haven't done this in a while.


Where did you get the hair?


There's three of us, we can push real hard.


(squeaking noises) 18.


From the cellar.


Uh, 23.


You're going through my bones.


Does that take any damage?


Tary? Good idea, Percy!


If they don't allow the criminals in, then they'd be real easy to pickpocket, because no one would expect it.


Come on, Nott.


All right, I'll try to pull myself back up?


Emon by way of Kraghammer.


Oh, I figure we're not difficult faces to remember.


Which is so easy.


Looks like a fresh dead guy?


That could have been worse.


Who can undo magical thingies?


Wait! That's a two-for-one deal, because it also comes with this Ring of Protection. You just hadn't let me get that far yet.


Nice. And 25.


I Gandalf it.


I have an idea. How about we go get a bunch of blankets, the ones out of my room. We'll just make a fort by the fireplace. We'll make a better spot.


Is everything okay?


Were you good?


Percy, can you make me some?


Go to the courtyard.


You had a vision?


(whispers) Oh my god.


It's only ten points of damage, but the nice thing that that does, which is that, for the rest of his turn, up until the end of his turn, he has disadvantage on all attacks.


(panicked mumbling)


I have one thing I do.


Just give him the 50 gold. Thank you. And I leave.


Okay, so far, let's recap. Recap, vote, and move on.


(blows) I looked straight at the camera as I did it. It was really awkward.


They're gone.


Heh, natural 19.


Ordinarily, yes, but not today. (laughter)


We could just let you go to him.


Three more forms to go.


Are there any vines that are hanging from him? There are none?


Yeah, but you have to stay within 30 feet of me--


How will we know if he's a god or not?


Sorry. I didn't know you were writing it as I was saying. "Please reach out to me with her last known contact information or address. You can write me in care of The Pillow Trove Hotel, Zadash. Attention--" I don't know. Attention what? Mrs. Jester? Mrs. Dr. Jester?


It's only a matter of time before they don't.


I didn't ask him.


I have to come with you because I have the Pass Without a Trace spell.


I don't know. I've never met a real pirate until just now.


Very valuable.


Adelaine, I would like a round for all these terrible people and one for myself. What's the difference between these three beers? I've honestly got to admit, they all taste the same to me.


That's how you do it. You set them up, and knock them down.


Let's keep this-- we'll workshop it.


As long as there's no seaweed there.


(laughs) Don't fucking block my arrows.


Dwarf.


It was amazing-- I wasn't there, but it was amazing.


I can't!


There's two wolves, right?


It's her.


Just a minor thing, on the walk back in the sewer I would like to slowly, just in case some of these assholes want to fight a dragon tomorrow, I slowly start attuning to acidic damage instead of fire.


Frog sacs?


Are you going to use it to kill me, Matt?


I wanted you to hear it from me. There will be no running this time.


Take care of him. I pull out the book and I begin to do the ritual for Comprehend Languages to see if that will help with the code. It's a long shot, but I'll give it a shot.


Don't do it. Get it off of there, Grog.


Baby. I can't change height, so I release Seeming and I'm back to normal.


But Fjord is still here, so there is the important thing. Let's focus on the good things in our lives.


I hate your friends!


It's all right. They're with me.


6 miles?!


I've seen the green dragon. Raishan?


What kind of support? Long-distance attacks or healing?


You did this.


I will see you soon.


What would happen if we put that machine out?


Of our fake world--


That's good. That's fine.


I can do that now.


She has so many dice now, it's ridiculous


Yeah, so she should do that.


Oh, no, I don’t get any additional -


Should we talk about what we're going to say to them? Do we need to corroborate our stories?


Or how much I love it? Sam said he can cast Alter Self on himself plus three others.


I like the Laughing Ninny. I kinda want to go there instead.


Blight spell.


Does the mirror have a fancy frame?


What's going on with my brain? (groans) What's the plan?


What was the name of that one city, you guys?


I go and I find Scanlan.


I leap over the banister with my war hammer high and jump down on the guy that's closest to me, bringing it down with a reckless attack and great weapon master.


Probably a bit. Having the ability to melt some ice would probably be helpful. Also, you're going to have to do the tree teleport and possibly we want to deal with reforestation of some kind.


We don't take, like, a ship?


I have to be close.


It's usually Gustav. If somebody's got an act, they show it off, Gustav figures out how it's going to work into the narrative. Puts it all together.


No, we have to plant some trees. Find a place that is secret.


An eight.


Not the same crocodile, right?


Let's call him Lobey. (Laura laughs)


Yeah, but it could prevent-- Okay.


Intellect modifier?


"The contract as a whole remains until the predetermined period of eternity, allowing the recipient, should they feel inclined, to invoke and trigger the second or third pact any time thereafter through verbal acceptance in relative proximity of this contract. The obligations and parameters agreed upon within the second or third pact then become binding and immediate, to be fulfilled on part of the both parties within an agreed-upon period of time. Upon completion of the agreed obligations and parameters on both sides of the second or third pact, that pact is considered complete and concluded. This contract remains in effect through all pacts and thereafter, maintaining any agreed-upon specifications and obligations that remain outside of a pact's completion, for eternity." (big inhale) "Any violation of this contract on the part of the scribe immediately holds this contract null and void, requiring a penalty payment of 15,000 gold pieces to the recipient to be paid immediately. Any violation of this contract on the part of the recipient immediately locks the claim and ownership of the everlasting soul of the recipient, invoking the laws of this pact primeval, under the control and dominance of the scribe for all eternity, sending the soul of the recipient immediately upon death to the scribe to do with as they see fit. First Pact: the scribe" --your name here, Ipkesh--


No, he offered services, and look where it got him.


Thousand gold's worth of paper and the 11th ream is free. We'll go now.


I'll leave it with you.


Two shirtless, hunky dudes holding each other?! In crazy poses?


That's the Gentleman. The Evening Nip!


That tiefling anatomy is very strange, you know.


Okay. I'm gonna take, can I--


Maybe I haven't-- oh, never mind, now it's working, there we go. I hadn't attuned it.


You guys are going to have to talk to guards and convince yourself on the way in and you will be noticed.


Why are you going to Wildemount, again?


Have you not figured that out yet?


And for fuck's sake, sir, I will say I died in that fight too.


I just look at Zeenoth and go really? Is this really necessary?


We could go there and there and back.


Take a very quiet peek around the corner.


I grab one of the barmaids. Who do we speak to about a room?


I mean, you grew one of Liam's, Vax's toes back.


Not my incense.


While we're down there, looking around, I'm going to say: So, you know, it's just the three of us down here.


Gather around. Watch what I can do! (laughter)


On their turn again.


God, I'm really not enjoying this. That's a 17.


Pry at the shingles. Look at how deep these go.


Come on, Gil. Natural 20.


Jesus-- 11-- 23. 23 points of damage.


If we could hole up for-- months or weeks, was it?


I mean, at the very least we need to put a plank of wood over this so that nobody falls into it.


I think it is a good idea to go there, when we are finished.


(spitting) Stop it.


Oh wait! Oh, never mind. Yes, 41 damage.


No, you can't.


Sneak Attack.


You already have this!


I don't think it matters where the sword is at all.


Maybe that thing is, maybe directly on top of what you were looking at.


I could go up close with somebody and do a medicine check.


Barack Obama!


I'm very slippery, I'm not-- I want to do that Victory Pit thing, though.


No, fuck Larkin. To see when Tooma's coming. I don't want to release this thing before Tooma is there reporting to Vorugal.


No, it's expansive, it just keeps going forever.


We should name him Tiny.


It's so hard.


Yes, it's great, thank you so much. P.T.


He blew it out.


Oh no! It makes sense when you're in that shirt.


We go. With haste.


There was a lot of gnoll chatter in here, and a lot of exploding orbs and stuff, so I'm going to guess that we have alerted whatever is beyond that we are here. How do we wish to proceed?


No! What?!


Kern's fighting--


I walk Fassbender out and I lay him down on his back, face-up.


Our own academy?


I'm going to very quietly say  Wait until you hear a body fall above us.


We're useless.


Who has the fucking key? One of us has the key; who has the key?


Oh my god, this map is so pretty. (laughter)


I've learned that.


New setting.


She's powerful.


Honestly, I think we did a pretty good job after everything.


Oh, you have that.


Somebody. Oh. Is that bad? Is that a bad idea?


What does "usta" mean?


Hold your breath.


If we do Hallucinatory Terrain and it fails, the pixies will straight-up attack us.


Oh, scheiß.


You should've!


It was just a day.


Not today?


What are you - what’s happening?


I just wanted to see, but if you're worried about it, we don't have to.


Eels, we're eels.


I grab the necklace and I go, Trinket, get out.


I'm sorry! I did it again, I couldn't help it. I took some things. Do you think he noticed? Do you think we're in trouble? Maybe we should hurry back.


(laughing) That's such an L.A. joke, yeah.


What are you getting?


Because it says wisdom I get so--


Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was--


Joran the what?


Just all of us staring at you.


Don't threaten Kima! She's better.


The halls of Pandemonium?


Yep. Oh, me?


Scanlan, face death with me!


So many shit rolls.


Little scratch.


I think you still have Pass Without a Trace on.


No. No, I was able to dodge both ways apart, and then came back together. It's my cloak does that.


Great, yeah.


80 60?


Did we?


Wouldn't it be nice to put everything down for a little while.


(counting noises) What is that, 19.


Has anyone seen this terrible movie called "Rob Roy?"


That's great. Did you see your sister?


Yeah, I'll be doing that later.


Blindness/Deafness.


Yeah, that's right. We know where his hovel is. So lesson learned.


Halt, I cast--


I mean, we have a busy day tomorrow already, I don't know if we should add dragons to it.


Okay, I'm going to go down towards where the sword is.


Yep. I don't see anything. Oh, do I feel anything from the black metallic hammer that I'm holding?


No, the coin was magic. It was a magic pot that we sold you.


I'm pretty much out of spells now. But that's okay.


The tree we just came from or the tree that we're going to?


I point Bigby's Hand like he was too. (laughter)


We're all going to learn something very valuable right now.


No, we're saying we're not making his wings look like that yet, dude.


I think we need to get her out of this swamp, because this place is terrible. And I wouldn't want to live here.


You know I've known for a while? It's all over your face, I've known you since you were a baby, I've known for a while.


That was almost so good, but then it wasn't. Ten.


Place to go explore?


This is a sharpshooter round.


I've never climbed a tree before.


We're identical.


I'll take my second swing at him.


I mean, we knew that.


I've got like one hit point.


I'm going to spoil the movie for everybody they win!


That's it! That's a wrap! Thanks, guys! (applause)


I would like to. But I'll need some help, probably. I don't know if we can all go barge in there.


Lovely. Thank you so much.


Please don't be a dumbass. Marius.


I hang back for a second, and I very quickly, gently, socially pin Caleb to the wall. Face to face, as awkwardly close as I can get.


What a festival!


A thousand? That's just above, like, four?


What all did we say?


You could move and then move back. I'm only helping with gameplay strategy.


Yep. Small difference.


Not to brag.


I thought gods were supposed to be all omnipresent and whatnot.


Natural 20. That's all you gotta do.


Hot fudge sundae.


Not anymore!


Barring that there's nobody there, but I do that immediately.


And I guess for-- god. For my bonus action, can I-- I don't know what to do. I'm going to have-- while I'm thinking about this, I'm going to have the shark attack him.


And then I'll back up a couple feet and fire at the big water blob. Does it get an attack or no?


Is that a match three? Like Bejeweled?


Six of which are necrotic. I'm taking my second shot.


All hostile.


How far away are they?


All right. Let's drop a point of grit, and let's get some advantage on this for Animus shot number one. Come on, crit. Not a crit, but still pretty decent. That's a 28 to hit?


We need to get out of here. It's crumbling.


The other side?


Sure, I'll stand watch.


I leave the rope tied in here. Can we use your cat? Reel it back up in so that there's no trace of us until we need to get back there.


I haven't pulled it yet.


I'm fine with the floor.


You-- sure.


Vax. What did you find up ahead?


Could you let her keep the diamonds?


More than likely.


I could try to untie them.


But you're going to get harpooned in! You'll be grappled!


He didn't get a chance to go.


Ask how it's feeling, can you ask how it's feeling?


Is it safe? Should we go up?


Big what?


Nice, Matt.


That's what up.


Episode 30 something.


I totally remember kicking this guy's ass.


Excuse me, may I have a word of your time-- may I have a moment of your time?


We should actually go back inside and use the entrance as a good funnel. Don't leave ourselves in the open.


Yeah, we-- Yeah.


Yeah. Which one did you get, Liam?


She did the coat, she's an amazing cosplayer and costume designer and you can find her on Sickhorse all over the place.


No, I'm not waiting. I'm going to see Norda, so I'll see you shortly. Be ready.


Who--


Thursdays.


Can I close the rest of the distance to him?


He's also now grappled. Okay. Can the stinger go right here to his neck?


(gasps) Vast sums of money. Right. The funds, okay.


I believe in second starts and that's enough for me.


Take him a drink!


He just said there were windows on the second floor.


Can I do reckless, Great Weapon Master?


Here's some too.


She's saved a lot of people.


I know she is much more powerful than the boys, but we cannot control her.


I'm going to say  Hey, Mr. Gentleman. We found your safe house. We cleared it out of a bunch of fish people. Don't worry, everything's fine now, okay. We also found a troll in the swamp, we killed that too, and we also found some crocodiles. Please respond to this. If you need anything let us know, okay?


I have Darkvision.


Who cares? Go swimming!


I don't have any spells left!


That's our home.


Okay, sorry. That's a better roll. (counting) Ten damage?


Then he succeeds.


I'll be back with Caleb.


Yeah. Do you--


Right. I mean, Uncle Randy after all.


I didn't attack; she attacked us first.


That's 2d10. I double the dice, right?


Also, if you're watching this episode in July of 2019, you're welcome.


So don't go to the temple.


Does it look like they tried to escape the cage?


A lot of images on the wall. Weird magic stuff.


Does there look like any patch of shrubs or a low point in the terrain? Cover.


Only one way to find out. Hold on. Be my guest.


What?! Do I get something else?


You're a baby daddy?


I actually think maybe it should be her and Beau, because they won't recognize her, and human faces tend to blend into the crowd, whereas we do not.


Don't infect my dice!


Stew on that.


41!


All right. So you're looking for a bowl. A dangerous bowl.


Of course, you know, they're a lot to handle.


Who knows who I am?


Oh, Syldor!


I'm so confused about the order of things. If we go to Ioun, and we don't have everything we need for this Prime Trammel, are we fucked? I know we need godly power in order to imbue them, right? Or something?


We're going to tell the truth about that?


Hold on. I cast Cure Wounds for his eye.


We're not giving it back.


Well, still better than nothing.


Because even though she's grappled, it's still way far away.


That's what the guy said! We're fighting monsters.


Yeah! Because she's got a wild streak. Now, does that run in the family, or is that just her and you?


Before we plan something, is there a portal or something?


That was a compliment. All right. Guess we'll see you around.


I'm going to run down below and-- all right, fix it! Fix it, now! Got to get it up! I start trying to pull the barrels apart--


When is Honesty Hour?


Yes, so.


Level two.


As we walk I say to Vax  Oi, Vax. What is the reason for this meeting? When we get in there, what do we say to her?


How high does he go?


What about you, Fjord?


Is there another warhorse for sale for that price? Can we get the two for 400?


Thank you, Senokir. (laughter)


Or is it just open fucking hills?


Yeah, that's the only berry you got.


She is the worst drunk.


We were scared, things were falling from the sky.


The Menagerie Coast is really freaking cool, you guys.


I'll be on the broom with her.


Excuse me. I have a bit of work to do downstairs.


If there was a piece of advice that ever lived.


Well-- Then we can push him over, right?


I've thought about it. But no. But you're very kind. You know, over-- How long has this been going on?


It worked super well right?


I've got my Antilife Shell.


And yeah, everybody-- fuck. I give a hundred--


You're being attacked by jello.


I don't know. I assume.


I can try and scrying eye him. I also still have one more 5th-level spell.


What would you wish for?


Do I recognize it?


Plus six. This is halved.


Oh, they're both good. Now even better. 20.


I rolled a two with a minus one, so one. Not a natural one. Rolled a two.


I pull that out of the crate.


I'm going to turn with the falchion in my hand and search the throne for--


Five minutes!


He likes it when you're what?


And I start casting Stone Shape right under the threshold of the door to the room that we're in, and I cut out a crest from the threshold.


Do you think it's going to bludgeon us?


Do either of you want to come with?


Looking for anything moving here, while we're up here.


Or Grog!


Beholder has the anti-magic cone eye situation. Just wait and see.


It's an action. It's a full action to repair.


I don't know. Like 20 pieces.


Have you had your abilities your whole life, like a kid?


I'll help you point them out to Doty.


Tank?


You don't owe your past shit. If I don't feel anything about my past, but I still remember it and I still don't give a fuck about where I came from then, why should you care about shit that you don't even remember?


I do not raise my hand.


One last question, Oremid. The Cobalt Soul's been talking about moving to the front line. Do you have any idea if we're going to get the same support from the Hall of Erudition? Because I know you're a fan of our work and we're such a mutual fan of yours.


Well, I already have it, I just haven't used it yet.


Atta girl, Shale!


This is better than anything that we make.


Excuse me, is there-- I know you have a bath here, but is there a hot bath place like a bathhouse? I'm bruised over every inch of my body and I'm in a lot of pain.


It's a natural one.


I've got a bunch of 'em, yep.


No, if she gets the book back--


I push him off, ten feet away from the group, and I pull out the same Keen Dagger--


Between the legs, upside-down.


Dicks! Motherfuckers!


Can I use Tracking and see what happened, like Prince Humperdink, please? Can do?


Yep!


You feel all six of them. Eight of them.


Sounds like it's got a lot of suction in the intake.


Clarota, Keyleth has scried the top of the building right now. It didn't look like it was part of the original structure. Is she mistaken? Is the top something that was built by your people?


From his arsehole.


This episode is also sponsored by Jameson.


Next up is Travis's better half Laura Bailey! (cheering and chanting "Vex")


Yeah, no matter what you do.


What is it? What is that?


Outside your boundaries, here you go. Let's go.


This is the first one. It's like that scene in the second Matrix.


What? Why that one? I do still have my inspiration.


Hell, yeah!


(mutters) That's all the money I have.


You go first. Give me your review.


I know what you mean now. Yes.


Bigby, make a sleight of hand check.


Oh, is that me?


Passenger.


Oh, come on, Pike!


Oh, wow. 19.


The rocks?


I can Polymorph Trinket.


Stop masturbating during the announcements.


What, assholes?


We all die in it.


An affected creature-- When you cast the spell-- What?


Did everybody know that and I didn't know that?


Wartime.


We're running off on a lark, but we've raked ourselves in the faces before.


This is going to end poorly.


Pretty delicious.


I'm sorry, we've been daytime drinking, and I hate to interrupt that, do you have a place here if I can't--


Yes. Yeah, on the opposite side of her from where I am.


Phillip. (laughter)


That would be why some of them have chunks missing out of them.


Release the hounds.


Rather than running.


Someone purchased all of your potion of strength potions?


Yeah. I am, too.


It lasts six seconds?!


Oh, we had two acids!


The untouched one.


I have a very high AC. It's okay.


I can't move. She's holding me.


d20?


Okay, that's a lot.


He's allergic to cats or something.


I'll take that 16 for a 27. Nature check, yeah? 27.


Another couple people on there were asking about my ears. And I really like supporting small businesses. And there's a store on Etsy called Tiny Tangerines, and she makes these by hand. And makes like deer, and bears, she makes a ton of stuff.


How did we do this before?


I'm one-handed, so I can't really help you light it.


Don't fuck with the postal service.


And I will inspire her, as well.


I will be Scanlan Shorthalt.


Sealed, so it looks like we didn't tamper with it.


Well, we might need a couple.


Don't do that, just--


Like the big-eyes pictures. I'm looking into it, and my eyes are reflected back off the thing. I stare, and I let it wash over me.


Maybe.


Or maybe this was a long time coming and it just happened to time up.


I have so many guns in my belt! No one can even see them, and I'm still committed.


I would just like to point out that I am mostly sober.


Terrible rolls today.


No, bad car wash, bad car wash!


I'll go and ask!


Vord.


If anyone would like to sponsor-slash-marry her, she could stay-- (all laugh)


Worst prop ever.


Envisioned it?


To be fair, I've also already started drinking.


Can I make myself look like the Captain Jawgrasp, but can I put like, a bloody bandage around my throat, as if I suffered a wound, and I'll talk like this.


Get up, Gary, you piece of shit!


Make a constitution check.


I don't know what happens.


I'm going to take my bonus action, and I'm going to break the pot.


But there will be links to buy tickets somewhere. You can get them on Ticketmaster. Just go to Ticketmaster, look up Critical Role.


Anybody else want to fight?


We're short-resting right now.


Only invited.


Yeah. We have to re-alter ourselves before we go downstairs.


Oh. Shit. Never mind, I'll talk to you once we've slept. Go back to sleep. I didn't realize what time it was! I thought it was 10:00 AM, which is totally different than 6:00 AM. I didn't know that.


I want to attack after he attacks, after he casts a spell. Can I move in this corner as far as I can--


I jump and try and grab Vex.


Yeah. Can you cast something on Kima? Oh, no. We should just keep her stone for now.


Yeah, I ask Frumpkin to do a blep.


Here, I slip Caduceus a few of those firecrackers that I have.


Yeah, no, that's right! I was, like, what? What? Bubble-- Yeah. (gravelly mumbling) Got a little thing. I didn't know it had a name, and now it's the obvious name for it. It's bubble throat. I'm going to swing back around and back up a little bit, and I'm going to take three more potshots at that bone, because that's what I can see.


I remove this golden-needled, five-jeweled wreath from around my neck, and I approach the beast, and I fasten it around its neck.


Oh no. Thunderwave.


Would we happen to know any of them? Allura? Asum?


Do we think there's anything left of this town?


They're going to want to steal you and put you in a cage.


Yes, most definitely.


93.


In Halfling, I will say to her  There's someone hiding downstairs. We need to act fast, but don't alert the others yet; they'll overreact! You and I are the calm and steady ones. We can deal with this.


Or you make a bad person a king?


I figured I would be part of the distraction.


Kima and I are sparring.


(poof)


Is there anything that I see that is definitely out of place or changed that I remember?


It’s French, yeah.


You had smells and you had shapes and everything, but this is--


You can talk to them, but they can't talk back.


I was at four hit points. What was I going to do?


Grog, haven't we been through enough shit to know nothing's free?


The dragon, then.


I guess. There's fighting going on now. I don't want to eat right now.


I know, right? Wait for it.


I'll do that. I'll do my thing.


Aw, gross!


I'm hanging out with Caleb and Beau.


I haven't either.


I come out of Frumpkin's vision and I take Caleb-- Caleb is me. I take Keg by the hand and go close to her ear and whisper and say: Just follow me, please.


Yes you do, you fought him. He was a rotting corpse in front of you trying to kill you.


You got any loved ones there?


Then I say  Oh shit, I shouldn't have used all those spells earlier. All I have is Sacred Flame, and I'm going to do that. I'm going to shoot Sacred Flame and at the same time I'm going to go: Frumpkin, come here, let me pet you!


Yeah, thank you. So much.


One of them, yes, it's an illusion.


Okay, let's try to forge a pink slip for the Mistake.


Are you attacking my attendants?


You just pulled out the wild Uno card. (laughter)


I know all of your parents' names.


Was it cursed, or anything, when you looked at it?


I open up my little cloak and I go Should we tell them? Okay! I think that-- yes! No, I think they're friendly. It's okay! So I go: I'm Twiggy! (deeper voice) This is Trixie.


Can I ask a technical question?


You know, but like for real, they never tell you the best creatures.


Maybe she's got two diseases.


Every time I try to show off it never works. That's what I'm learning. Okay, three doubled to six plus four. So ten.


I lost Alter Self when I hasted.


You need to get your eyes checked, then. Your depth perception may be off.


In this game?


If he wants to come back, I want him back.


I'm spending a Resolve because that was bullshit. Can I burn another Resolve? Goddamn it.


No, I swear I won't.


They're working women; we rent them for a time.


Juice Springsteen.


It's impossible to believe him.


My difficulty class? 18.


I take out the Dust of Tracelessness. It looks good, I put it back.


Two for Caleb.


I run, I walk up to it and kick it, and say, that's for Trinket. Dick.


Yep! All right!


And reload, and that's the end of my turn.


The day's still young. What say we give, like, a solid effort to finding your bigger books, and then if you can't find it and you can lend no aid to us, we'll make sure you find yourself safely on your way?


You're right. I'm sorry. I use Thaumaturgy and I close all the windows. (laughter)


We just give him everything.


Just send him away?


Kuthag? Or Kuth--


I've got Pike in my hand.


Have we talked about the other house yet? Because the distraction was obvious.


Free books!


How many are there? Are you gonna kill--


We don't know if it's your friends.


I am staying on the carpet. Wait! Is Pike off the carpet?


We're not going to be able to disrupt communication.


They're so cute on you!


If he wants to escape, he's got to knock us all back.


Spear!


Yeah, cast it on yourself, man.


Just to let them know we're here and we need some rooms.


Straight up catapult?


Oh, where you speak into it. Not like where you hold onto it and you transport?


(yawns) I'm so tired. Thank you, Caduceus.


I bet he doesn't have any more yet.


It's not as emotionally deep as this one.


I rip off the spyglass and go, oh, that looks nerdy, Percy will like that, and then I yank off the dagger and go, that looks all right, and I stick it in the Blinkback Belt and then-- what was the last thing? It was a key. To the bronze door right, yeah.


With advantage, because we had time?


Out of the wound.


I can't move anymore?


We need Kima. Potions first. I don't want to bore Kima, then Kima. Yes?


The 10th.


Yeah. Apparently, we went to the Feywild, and everybody remembers it but me and Percy.


Yeah, but ducks will know things that you don't!


And he can't communicate to me either so--


Ooh! I'll take that.


I do now.


Let's do two separate rolls.


Okay. None of that happened. No.


You won't see us ever.


I have something for you all. I have presents.


Yeah, I'm going to check it. Hello, are you a soul?


So I would've held onto that one for as long as I could've. And I still will.


We've been listening in the car.


Where was it last seen?


It's one gold coin. I'm just going to ready another Guiding Bolt for the second I can see anything.


Oh! That! Yes. Cool.


Do you want to work in a bakery? Just kidding. We were in the middle of something; we'll talk to you later! (laughter)


Yeah, I'll go in.


(whispering) 11.


You got scarves on you?


Taryon, 26.


Take a huff.


So if we wake up in the morning and there's 200 of them, then--


Oh wait, oh wait, oh wait, I was looking at the wrong spell, hold on. Oh, 1d8 plus three! Seven plus three-- Ten!


This is made of things. And then I go home and I make a few Cure Wounds potions. Try it out, since I've learned and I've been studying and I've been doing my research. So maybe a few level two, level three Cure Wounds potions?


From the underside.


I think we need to get out of here.


45 plus two.


It could be many things.


Yasha will totally kill me. Don't worry, you can leave.


As you do.


Giant, fire, respected fire giant.


Or just at the Leaky Tap.


Oh jeez. Got another urn here full of ash.


To be honest with you, I don't know. I know I'll find a way if I have to, but-- I just-- The biggest thing I'm afraid of is that the cult and Serissa, they'll find somebody like me. They'll find somebody descended from an ancient dragon like I was. Then they can do this all again. I got away once. I can't let that happen to someone else.


Oh god. I'm going to follow from behind stealthily.


Are they invisible, the people that are on the walls?


But the currents can't go down because stuff is coming out, no?


He's Vouk-ed.


Okay, so I look around. I look at the rug. I sigh heavily. And I pull the rug.


Scanlan, what's going on?


Take this guy.


Your contribution to what we’ve done --


I run in the corner and see if I glow again.


Lorenzo's eyeing him right now, you said?


He thinks you're going in.


Am I allowed to inspire myself on a saving throw?


Commitment!


Yeah, it'll only be a few days and you'll get to see a lot more on Monday. A longer cut and that's why it's a website exclusive. It's longer, it'll have some tightening and all sorts of other stuff. But, you guys get a special treat tonight with a preview showing, and it's still a long preview, it's like 20-25 minutes or something like that.


I am very powerful, but there's some things that I can't do, all right? Ever since you found out I was short, you're much snappier and snippier with me.


No, just don't, just don't.


It hits. Punish me for this horrible fucking crap.


I could stay down in that foyer.


No shame.


But pitch it to me. How? You, I know--


Maybe something has trees on its back and moves.


That's true. See, I'm with him.


I'll see him doing that and join him.


The intensity. The glamor.


Yeah that's true. More the plants than anything.


My strength?


It didn't say anything like that.


I bet if you levitate you'd just be floating above the ground.


Because you were the last face she saw? I should probably be the first. Thank you. You did the right thing. You don't need to be the first thing she sees. She'll just start screaming all over again. Thank you.


Oh god. I think I can take them, guys.


Our entire relationship has been psychic damage, baby.


I don't know, I--


Yeah, they're all different.


Sternly?


I can take us to where we've been before, to where it's familiar.


Not the kind of magic you learn in ivory towers.


(screams in frustration)


I give Keyleth a little hug.


My hands are fucking shaking.


(hissing)


It's possible, but (uncertain noise)? Is what his face was?


Still heard it! Same thing. Keep going.


I played that on Genesis.


Archdevil is the Pope of this area.


Look, he tucked Febron under his arm.


For the, well, hold on a minute. How low is everybody? Not really that low?


I will reach out and touch someone.


Unless everything falls. I'm going to take a picture just because.


I'm going to check and see if it gives at all or if there's anything to it.


Hey guys, don't go. We will do a giant giveaway of board games, D&D stuff signed by the cast, signed by the rest of the Twitch crew. We'll throw in a couple video games, t-shirts, all sorts of stuff. Plus Ivan has said if we reach that goal for TPK, which those that watched last Monday, thank you so much.


I don't think we have a choice.


Deep pull already! That was like 40 minutes ago!


Fuck you, Master Splinter.


I get Lockheed out of there. I don't want him to stay in. Do you want to come?


"My will is my bond."


Got him.


We are all going to laugh about this later, I promise. (nervous laugh)


Nott, why don't we just pull you along since you have your water-walking ring? It would be like skiing.


Okay. I go-- over to Caleb, and Yasha and I look in as he sends them in.


Got to make it weird, man.


You have a wagon.


Tell Taryon to take you where we all are right now


You could do a cantrip as an action. Because you got enough distance.


They're on the ceiling?


It's as if he knew that this would go horribly wrong.


Okay. I would like to fist the wound. Jam it, find a finger and-- how you like that?


This is Professor Thaddeus.


If you do a really good roll then you don't need it.


Did you want to head back to-- Actually, Keyleth, you said something weird happened last night for you as well.


I can make an image of that.


The last ones?


He's exhausted.


Ooh, fuck.


Halt! Who are you?


Would that help at all?


What about 23?


Chod saved the day. Chod saved the day.


At least we'd know if he raised them up like he said he did, if we'll be fighting undead Gilmore and undead Allura.


Hometown! Well, not really. An hour and a half outside my hometown!


I think we'll get there.


Just checking. I haven't met many that do, so pardon my, you know--


Ja. That is the best way to do that. For anyone.


What if the little one struck you?


It's cool. There's actually one wisp actually next to somebody. Thank you.


Let's-- Eventually, yes.


Servant.


No, but there was just one mirror on the ceiling, and now there are three.


Can you quickly--


Oh, let's do this.


Fudge!


Wow. She can paint, too.


I thought I forgot about that, maybe. Listen, I'm glad you're alive.


Doesn't it lead into the Fey world? The plane?


Can I remind our party of a couple things? Pike, might be a good time to try to heal Vax's foot again. And also, while we have a moment, did we ever discern what is in that yellow vial?


Please let this be what kills him.


Ja. Okay. Did you see everything that happened in here in the last 20 minutes or so?


Does he take extra because it's radiant?


(pathetically) Hyuck, hyuck. (laughing)


Yeah, okay. I'm going to back as far away from that door as I can, and I will send Frumpkin in.


No, that's 34 total.


I thought you said the Whisperers saw through invisibility?


No! That's so cute! Before I go to sleep, I am going to cast Lesser Restoration on myself, to maybe get rid of one point of exhaustion.


Me. (whoosh)


No, she just breathed.


We didn't see her eat it?


Come on, ranger. Be a ranger.


Maybe you can look at his head later.


So, Cali. I started a conversation earlier.


Can I inspire myself?


Try to put your hands on the other non-destroyed gems!


Okay, I definitely have one, so I'll take it.


So to live as a slave is better than--


Don't knock it, all right, just be grateful. Can I try to take a look at the Dwarvish?


It was that dick.


I don't like all these euphemisms. I pull the bag out.


I think her foolish impulses are exactly what Vox Machina's looking for.


Me?! Oh, Jesus.


Nott, we want to take care of Caleb, we do. We pulled him out of that house when that Fireball went off. We didn't cut and run, even though it might have saved our skins. We care about you two. I hope in time you'll learn to trust us just a little bit more. Maybe think about protecting us as well, because you seem to do a great job taking care of Caleb.


We should've killed the guys first.


Okay. That's a 13 and a 17 to hit?


I can't do both?


What's his name?


What? I just farted lightning on him!


It's okay. No, I'd be worried if they did.


It's just straight down at the bottom of it?


Oh God. 25.


I just start trying to swim down to my plate.


There might be some leeches in this jungle. Maybe some ticks?


Aw. (ping)


Don't tell him all those things. I totally plan on doing that shit. Get out of here before talking about--


I put my hand in the water.


One, two. Can I get a good view of Professor Anders and maybe get a little cover from the dining room table?


I have the ability to carry a large amount because of my size, can I piggyback and not get too much of a roll if I throw Caleb on my back?


That does not.


Yeah, totally! 100 percent! That's kind of how I imagined them is Burner goggles.


This is the color my brother Faeryn is.


I thought it was one of these.


I had a 24.


I'll give you two.


We should go inside.


We'd better move.


And I just want to hold onto it and be like, yo! Yo, air elemental! And then let my air elemental come over and do its thing. Double slam attack.


Oh, yeah. I want to see if it works.


Until which.


Oh yes, thank you! Luck! Thank you!


Hey look, we've made it through a whole show with no frog people attacking us or anything. So that's good.


Bless and Bane, man.


I go and I follow him.


What is it? What did he say?


I rerolled the second one because I reroll ones and twos.


A few people do talk about that.


It creates six at 120 feet distance. Five feet wide, 30 feet high. So I'm going to see where Grog is--


We should have bought some earlier! Do you know of anyone else that would have some?


Add my boots.


Okay. I'll put it in the Bag of Holding.


I'm going to touch the doors.


But we're not walking. (laughter)


I'm behind. You know, the standard--


Hang on, hang on!


Tea?


Do I have an opinion on Yennen?


Dwarf, right?


Come on, I heal people.


Yes! Natural 20! (cheering)


He was at the party last night! He was with that really cool guy from Marquet.


This is where my held turn comes in.


Oh, four. (laughter and groaning)


Whoa. But surely it will be in the store afterwards?


Okay, that hits. Eight points of damage.


Well, I could attempt to dicker with it, but we could just knock the door over it if we really are going on manners.


So I'll lead them down there. This was our playroom, maybe you should just wait here and I'll go talk to sis. I'll be right back.


We have no idea how she was hired in the first place.


No great loss.


Not anymore, I'm not!


I used everything. Wings, Hunter's Mark, and the dagger. Bonus, action, action.


We've got dried food rations.


Let Scanlan handle-- I almost called him Scandal, which is still appropriate. Let Scanlan handle the door, I can handle the distraction.


The minute that it ends I'm going to start casting Prayer of Healing.


Something tentacle-y though. Nothing ever good is tentacle-y.


With my bonus action, can I cast Hexblade's Curse on the big motherfucker and say: Come on, you sack of shit, come get me.


I know. It's going to be a bit rough, but it was for the best. I'm so sorry. Some people just turn, I'm so sorry.


Yes, yes, get your perv on! Emphatically.


You're on your own. And we're moving at speed.


Best kind of surprise. That you’ve already heard about.


Channel it to where it matters.


Can I clean my gun?


And Mary, getting the "How do you want to do this?" again!


I mean, I raised my hand before, but that's all right. I'll get some sleep.


Aw.


Can I run up the stairs, then, so I can get a better look at the playing field?


32 hit points.


Remember when we started the first campaign and all those places came in a split second and all that history. I'm from Shrev`nam Chicago. Oh yes.


I'll fire the next two--


And we are very interested in all of those interesting businesses.


I figured he'd like that.


Try to heal her?


Very sketchy source.


It was electric. That was mine. Anybody else?


Awesome. And I say, Percy, spellcaster, right below you. Fish guy.


An angry marble.


They're golems.


Care of one Taryon Darrington.


It maintains for up to eight hours!


(snorts) I give--


Hold on, hold on, holda.


It's nasty. It doesn't get me off the ground, but at close speed. I'd have a hundred feet of movement.


I feel that there is wisdom here. Would it be possible to learn more about this place, possibly?


And we pick it.


What are your plans? What do you want to do?


Easiest to remember.


He's really good at charades.


It's a 23.


I'm not going to do it, I'm just saying it's really cool. Full transparency.


(whispers) Drag him back in here.


It's also where there was a string of kidnappings.


Thank you for that.


It didn't go into my belt. I went into the wall, and I'm holding it, still. I was a shadow for half a second, and I traveled with the blade. I am fucking Nightcrawler. Holy shit. And I throw it again across the other side.


Then no, I'm not going to do that, I'm going to flank around this side a bit. Other side.


That's five Cabal's. (blast) Five Cabal's.


Yes, I think I need to train with you, specifically.


Guiding Bolt.


Yeah, no, maybe not. Yep, that'll do, that's a 26 to hit?


He could watch, but the alarm is just as good. It's automatic, gets me up, Frumpkin can sleep. After you.


It was just a crit. It wasn't hit twice.


I'll be able to get to it on my next turn? To the tent?


Tell him that he bought me 20 more.


It's already magical poo.


Yeah. Two hours past, what was it, noon?


I thought you took the book.


Oh, my Hex is burned, my Spider Climb's burned, Diplomacy is a long rest before that goes again.


Except for Fjord.


I mean, I don't even--


Like mentally break them?


Have you ever been with someone?


Can't hold my movement.


I hope they're not dead.


I'm not an only child; I'm aware of how this works.


Magic. Sure.


You have about a thousand gold because I gave it to you.


Good shit, Matt!


With this one?


I hide.


Have you said anything in the earpiece yet?


Yeah, but he's got a jug full of it.


C'mon, don't leave me hanging, what the hell!


Math! Math is fun!


I don't like sharing.


That's 13 points plus two points of ice damage.


Yeah, he was just talking about us. You're still drunk, aren't you?


Do you know what, we are all just happy to be alive. It was just the spirit of the moment. I don't mean to pressure you.


Into the house?


Understandable. But we weren't trying to deal with them. In fact, we made no deal with them. We told them we wouldn't make a deal until we spoke with you. But we were scared. We were too scared.


Can we perception check the tomb and see if it's safe to grab shit out of it?


We should let Emperor Uriel know that we should take control of this house because it contains very powerful secrets.


Well, it should be one of the three of us, because that's who they'll know.


Can I have a d6 from somebody? I need six more.


You know, I'm going to stick around for now.


(choked) All right, I will.


They're curving fast because there was a detonation.


We can't tell him about this.


With my bonus action, I pull out one of my remaining healing potions, right? And I shove it in his mouth like this, and it'll go glug-glug-glug down him.


Beau takes off her belt.


I tie him and then Grog lifts him like a pulley.


So he's actually locked in the thing still?


The old woman that was in the other, yeah.


To the tunnels!


They were like fish people, not like snake people.


I could. I could also-- here's the thing about my cat. He's a cat, definitely a cat, but is also a fey creature. If I have an hour, he doesn't have to be a cat. He can temporarily be a bird.


Where are we on that map?


You've never stolen anything, shit!


Yes. Yes. They are. They really are. That's your keen eye at work!


Everyone hates the underwater levels.


The insertion goes well, maybe we go steady.


(whispering) Oh my god, she's so cool!


Or you can, if you follow Geek and Sundry on Spotify, you can find all of our Spotify playlists on there.


It's metallic thread. That'll be back. I like how we're advertising our hat that's not in stock right now, but there's other things. Go check it out at our shop: shop.critrole.com. I know that address by heart!


Were they there before it collapsed?


Your breath smells disgusting right now.


Yeah? Do the kids sometimes climb in you?


I think that sounds like a pretty cool deal.


We have a copy of the contents of the book.


You want to?


Oh man, that felt good.


Okay, good to know.


Of course they do. Hate them!


What if only half the room leaves, though?


Yeah. On top of other things, that was like my big denouement, you know? I don't know, I just grew to hate the town that I was in and the system that my father was a part of and so everything--


How many gold is a platinum?


All right. What about?


Wow! This is-- it jingles! It jangles! This is an official Whitestone tour hat?


(singing) B-A-N-A-N-A-S!


(whispering) So mysterious.


Bye bye.


We're not going to the mountaintop.


Where do you touch her? (laughs)


Oh, right in the juicy spot of those three.


I cast invisibility on you, that's when everything happens. (all laugh)


Sounds to me like a creature that would burrow.


Is it presents for us? Have you been gathering presents for when you saw us again?


Prison shank that thing.


(singing) Sicker than a ray of light!


That's telekinesis, Kyle!


A fountain of gold?


Oh, yes please.


No shit-- I didn't learn it! Go ahead.


Lift yourself up for a victory lap.


Go log on to GeekandSundry.com, slash "find it on that site somewhere."


Did it choose me because I was broken, or did it break me?


And shoot her with it. (laughter)


It's because Percy's holding on to my waist.


I'm whispering! I'm just trying to be more pragmatic.


Denied?


We were in the Feywild for a little while, and then took a nap there, and then we came here.


I think, since it's on the ground, I would like to pin it into the ground, if I can, by finding the thinnest thing on it and jamming my shortsword into the ground.


(shrieking) Help!


I'm... staying a little bit back.


But not to the door.


All you gotta do is let them know to be active in the chatroom, and that makes them a part of the giveaway.


(sings) That's me in the ocean


It's an attack?


Not too bad, nine. Nein!


Like you do.


I walk away from her, and I go down the hall.


You guys!


On the table, next to all the guys.


Maybe it's good to make us silvers and whiteish!


You made that?!


Grog might know.


First player death.


Very shark-chummy.


Oh, are there any close to me?


You seem very experienced.


What is it, charisma saving throw? 16.


I'm going to use Devil's Tongue, I'm going to use Vicious Mockery.


Hello, my half-elven brothers.


Oh, I don't really want to stay in there alone.


He's going to get crushed. He's going to crush the dryad.


Yeah! But he said creepy.


No, you should get someone to work on that.


I sauntered up 'cause--


Mertin?


Oh, sh - What did I tell you in that tavern the other night? A couple of months ago, I guess. What did I tell you?


No, I've been practicing! I've been practicing!


13!


And you reroll ones, right?


Matt, who sent these to us for our birthday?


Still rolling grasslands, or are there trees off to the side?


Oh, yes. Oh yes.


You know how to do that because you're on the road a lot.


That's all I needed to hear; go on.


Ooh, ooh, I'm going to turn my head and try to hit him with my horn.


That's a 23 to hit.


I will say this, though  In comparison to these folks, we're not so bad. We're not that bad.


Oh boy. Our healer is about to die.


I'm going to start tying the rope to an arrow.


I would move over, but I need both. My legs are--


Can I stealth as cloud?


How many more days do we have?


If we're going to make a sun appear--


Is 28.


(laughs) That poor orc!


I trust you!


Don't eviscerate him. It's fine. It's not going anywhere.


I have an idea. What if I could make us a tunnel straight down the middle? Would the heat kill us or would the water tamp down the heat? If I can make a ten-foot wide tunnel all the way through, down?


13 also.


You'll hear me.


It's a reaction. It doesn't say, I can make an attempt to catch.


Yeah, I'm going to hold. I'm going to move down past on the other side of Jester a little bit.


So we didn't go down there.


Can you fit that boat in your Wheel of Mending?


Let's split the party.


Can I do a nature check on it? On the orb?


Hi, my name's Jeffrey Dahmer. Welcome to my Prismatic Sphere.


Collect what we've learned, and if we're prepared, jump into a sphere of death.


Shall we go?


Sure it counts! It counts doubly as much!


This? Spell attack. 21.


Well, the cleric's away, the bard shall play.


Yeah. I love these. They're cruel, but I love these.


29 for something.


16 plus?


I kind of like it.


Some sort of physician, perhaps.


Of course that hits. Yes.


Can I crouch down and look at it and see what it is?


Drop off Horris and then go. Do we know where we're going for this mission?


Let's try it and find out.


Help him!


(whispers) Oh, I had it! Shitballs!


Just the two of us?


No, stay, play with us longer!


Check for traps, because we've been there, darling. We've been there.


This is really your fault as much as it's mine.


In towards the platform or the casket? What's with the casket situation? I don't know.


Is Zahra the only one that claps?


Are you going to take a shot at this, Fjord?


All that I have and more.


And I will advise her to take no revenge until all cards are on the table.


Can I use my dash? Was that all my movement?


You're going to do great.


Oh, roll damage!


He's right here?


40 points.


In your vision of how to do it, did you see this guy?


Beau, you make really bad first impressions, too. She's basically you.


Kima, you see anything in there? Any bumps? Mumps?


Imperial Death March?


No, these two. We asked them if they saw anything right before we went.


There was a doll, too, if I recall. There was a doll, there were some marbles, dust, a lot of books.


Oh, really? So I should get the guys?


I'd like to take it with me.


We may be asking you guys to do that soon.


I keep my arrow notched.


We just learned that Tary's an ugly crier. We can't beat him over the head after that.


(squeaky voice) To assist me?


Anyone watching at home, the physics was really demanding on that one.


Wait, hold on, let me look at what I have. I could cast Pass Without a Trace on anyone within 30 feet of me.


I swoop down and pick everybody up.


I grab him by the hand. So he can't go anywhere.


That's way different than I expected.


We're all rolling stealth?


Can we insight check and see if she's telling the truth? 24.


Another shot to him.


Smooth as butter.


The corner covered by the diagonal piece of paper. Closest to me.


Don't let it eat my head, please.


Okay. Two, and that is six of damage, and then natural 20 on that one. That is three, four, three, plus seven is ten, so 20 for that, if it's doubled for a critical hit.


Look how big he is!


Caleb, she's right, we can't fight them.


He needs a diet.


Should we pull the cart over and sneak up?


He done been paralyzed.


That's right, and it's actually the path that is least resistance.


Hupperdook it is.


That's it, yeah.


Oh, it misses.


I step inside my workshop.


Like Axe for Men?


Are there any frozen bodies?


It lasts a minute. It's instantaneous. You just touch, right?


Can I go downstairs and go get Grog?


We're like, flat on the roof, right?


I was planning on staying up. I'm not leaving Trinket up there.


Oh man, come on.


I don't think they understood that was an invitation.


I don't know what that is!


I have an auto-thing I can do apparently, which is nuts.


Okay, this is good, this is good, this is an improvement from your last weapon.


Trying to take as much of a short rest as I can back there. I'm going to try and sleep this off like a bad hangover.


Natural 20, for 25.


You weren't expecting this, were you? (pants) Neither was I!


I can roll for Pike.


Should we grab any cloaks?


Something stronger.


Hi. Hi.


Any assistance getting Marius out?


Of course it is!


Isn't Percy halfway down?


Shakäste is standing at a distance. Everyone else is walking towards the village. The Duchess is perched on his shoulder, and he scrawling something in the dirt with that long reed. It's kind of an "H." And he fades into the forest.


Who won?


I think tomorrow is goat yoga.


That was the chat room.


And the last thing. You've got those knives I gave you, right?


Just blame the baby.


No beard check.


That's normally how people greet me.


I just don't know about us going to the top, if we could maybe bring it--


Oh, I'm going to use the rest of my movement to run over and try to get behind this wall.


Ulysses, are you going to flash us or try to sell us some watches?


I keep trying to make a sound, it's just nothing's working.


Oh, really? Let me see it.


I turn back to the group.


I assume I sit at the kiddie table because I'm so tiny?


I'm just trying a perception check.


Like, cradle me?


If you go reckless, you can.


Oh, yes, hello. We were just passing through and we saw some smoke, so we just wanted to make sure everything was okay, and come over here and check on you, but you seem to be fine.


Can I check him?


Wait, are we all going?


That would be 15 points of damage to him.


You know who you are. Thank you. They're awesome.


Great. Oh, and let me look at these things and see if any of this useless stuff is going to do any good for me at all. Oh, you know what? I'm going to use this as a maneuvering attack. I can expend a superiority die to maneuver one of my comrades into a more advantageous position. One of my comrades can move-- there's no point in doing that. I thought I could move the bad guy, which is what I could do if I had a pushing attack. All right, so. Can I use my riposte? When a creature misses you with a melee attack, use your reaction and expend a die to make a melee attack against it.


So fantastic.


(fire noise) That thing?


Grapple him?


Oh! Lovely.


He was burned alive in front of me.


Kismet.


Lawrence is great. Worked for me before.


Ooh, there it is.


Not in the face!


Al Gore! He invented the Internet!


I tell you what, if you summon some courage, I'll come with you.


It still doesn't solve one question.


May I have your hand? Not in marriage, I worded that strangely. Just your hand that's hurt.


What about the 60-feet thing?


Okay, so he takes 2d10. Do I roll that, or do you, Matty?


Or we're casting Fly on him.


I remember that giant.


Mr. Cyinnor, I think it is best that you do not make presumptions on our relationship and dealings.


Okay, yeah, this is not like the wood nymph-- Never mind.


Nope. Not doing that shit. Not doing that. (laughter)


We're bringing the bear.


Who do you think I'd think the nitwit is?


Well, we know it works.


She's, you know, a crass idiot. Don't mind her. But--


Ah, that's my hope is to be, honestly, as far away from this as humanly possible.


Yes, I do. Oh, yes! I do, actually. I forgot. I did keep it with me. As drunk as I was, I do remember telling you about the Moon Hammer. So I did. I brought it. And I give this to you, my friend. I'm very excited.


What do we want to do, Pike?


Plus, if you give them all the rings, they might give us a job with more fancy stuff next time.


We haven't been here in a while.


I didn't roll any kind of a check, I just got shat upon, but whatever, do your thing. And I walk off.


I'm saying that there's nothing to commit proof other than money actually exchanging hands. We used money for these things all the time back in my day. So if that letter asks for some sort of assurance or some sort of money to be placed: "Please hire a couple people, you can leave some money in this location for them," and if they find that money, then they know they actually consented and agreed to this whole argument.


Decline.


I haven't been Minxie in battle for a while, 1d10 plus five.


No, that blink dog is cool!


We made him a snack!


He disappeared down-- well, I don't know anything! Okay, all right, I can feel him moving, so I don't know where I am anymore. So I don't want to Dimension Door out, because I don't know where I'd end up. So instead I will cast Stinking Cloud inside-- No, no, no! No. No, no. Cancel! Belay that order! Shit! Because I think he's immune to poison, so I'm not going to do that. I'm going to-- Fuck! There's nothing I can do!


Three, eight, 16, 26 for the third one.


Come on, Burt.


Tomorrow. At 6AM.


I have my own responsibilities to her as well.


I think I have a clear view of the big gnoll, correct? From there?


There's no parental issues over here. None.


While I'm in its grasp, can I touch the tentacle and cast Toll the Dead again?


(laughs) "Let me know if I'm lying, because--"


Raven's Slumber. You can make a melee attack. No, that's not it. Bonus action to release it! I'm going to use a bonus action, and I'm going to shout at Trinket to go run towards my brother. I'm going to attack it again.


Another?! What?! What?!


I just want to send the lizard to Dwarf Town. Do you think we could make that happen?


Great! Done.


Jester, could we perhaps hold on to your backpack before you go so that we have that in case we need it?


I want to duck down if I can, behind that whatever that I'm standing on now.


It's not 85 degrees, it's still cold here.


Ooh, natural 17, for 19.


I'll delay until his. Can I do that?


It's almost perfectly out of town. I've always wanted to go to Deadwood.


Do we have our fucking wagon ready?


This is a belt buckle-- oh. (laughter)


I was a spaz. I was so shy. I'm going to be blind as that manta ray by the time this Q&A is over!


And probably not Kevdak.


Yeah, what's up?


Fucking? A?


Ayy!


No, she was supervising her crew in a fair, but firm way. She was just being Pike: driven, radiant, beautiful, and empowered by the spirit of Sarenrae. She's everything that we think of her and more. She's beautiful and charming. Let's just let it be known that I could kill Tiberius if I wanted to. Just going to say that.


Does that make sense?


We could check out the other cavern and save the deeper part of the river for when we're together.


Instead of going to the other side of the rock, I'm going to run straight back, and I'm just going to shoot at it as I run away. I'm going to make two more shots at it.


Put one of what things up?


Yeah. We'll give him food. It's all right, right, Captain?


Oh. I think it's a website called redbubble.com? I just googled Grog, and there was that.


Well, I can't do that. And you can't do that, so we need to take these men to a temple where somebody can help them!


I'm going to go listen in and make sure everything's okay.


You roll, right?


Toys, toys.


I'm come join him out front.


That's the thing. I don't know if this is the time to rest.


Things are complex, and I don't trust myself to take her life. I'm in over my head.


-- got the other lodestone.


Plus four for the fire damage, but still the 27 total.


Where did Yasha go?


I'm over by this thing balalalala.


Wizard and cleric in the back.


32 points.


You don't have to announce it when you show up. Don't yell your superiority. We'll get you a shirt or something.


Are we being chased right now?


Someone should teach him the Vox Machina fight song, then.


We should maybe find Ioun, don't you think?


All the big ones, they just--


I'm simultaneously checking our door for-- no, I already did. It's unlocked, and untrapped. Never mind.


Magic feather. Maybe it makes me fly.


Polite as fuck.


Yeah, could you give Alter Self to others?


I'm taking at least one button off of every single person in the--


That was a bone devil? All right.


With disadvantage, it's a 30.


Is anybody interested in going underneath the pyramid with me?


It's fitting that the Traveler helps fix a wheel.


Nogvurot. Oh, that's where the people have been getting stolen from! People are getting stolen, remember?


Bonus action to disengage. Disengage as a rogue.


Wow. That's soon.


I just want to try and grab a hold of the slippery bastard.


I'm going to set an arrow on fire and shoot it up in the air.


Seriously, Caleb, how are you?


It has a maw?


Yeah, well, I--


Not the double fist!


Grog. This skullcap that Lionel is wearing requires attunement. Would you like to give up one of your really lethal weapons--


Grog! Grog! Lift me like Dirty Dancing! (laughter)


Yes, good idea.


I thought it was a 100,000.


Yeah, the oil's working for you.


You don't have to buy alcohol at all anymore?


It was just tea. We just gave you tea to smoke, it wasn't really... (laughter)


Stop it, we're about to get our reward, stop being a shithead right now.


Bloated Cup. Fjord's Bloated Cup. What did you say? Perception?


We're walking and nothing's changing. Do we want to stay put for a while and see what happens?


I don't like it being this close.


As I go, I want to put my hands on the roots and I'm going to say, hey, Sun Tree! I know I can't hear you, but I really need your help right now. And I hope you can hear me. I don't know how to do this, exactly, but I need to talk to Pelor, and there's a lot of people that are looking at me like I know what I'm doing, but I have no freaking clue. So if you could help guide me, that would be great. I sit down and I keep my hands on the roots.


Health pack?


How many of these creatures are there?


Yep, you and me.


Well, you know who we are.


Hey, Tiberius?


And influence the election.


You all just sit on opposite sides.


Does this cat have a name?


If you want to Polymorph him?


We should flip a coin.


Why do I have to ask for forgiveness?!


Yeah, you would.


We'll talk about it later. Plan B, it's ten minutes.


A distraction.


Clay?


I lost the paper, but I'll look it up.


Did you hear the sound go (high-pitched yell)? So it's not ten feet, it's big.


All right, let's go eat food.


I'm gonna-- can I?


She's not a verbal learner.


Love it. Second attack.


Don't you lie to me.


Let's make it all the way back.


And it's nighttime?


Just a little hole.


Oh. Yeah, because it talks about enticing people with their lantern light-- treasure. Treasure in their eyes.


Yeah, don't bring your best.


Get on different sides of the facility?


Kash, Zahra, you should probably contribute.


Trinket really likes Grog.


From underneath.


Can they make me unsee my sister's boobies?


Secrets, secrets, secrets.


What? We don't need to talk to this dead person?


This seems dangerous and reckless.


I thought I got a d10. It's whatever the bolt is, back at him.


Okay, yeah. Let's do that.


Snuggle Lord has returned!


That wasn't salt, that was something else, and I used it all for the cannonball.


That's hoping for an awful lot of things to go our way. More things than normally go our way, to be fair.


You. Nott the Brave.


Nope, no, we killed them all.


Yes! Get him! Get him!


Should we try to walk through it?


No, we're going out for a bit, right?


My AC is 19.


Yeah. Oh! No, I did not.


Roll that fucking shit.


Start looking around. Start shopping. Don't pay for anything yet, because I have an arrangement.


I thought I only did two. Yeah, I only did two. The third one's not great, so--


Let's find a tavern, find some rooms. Let's go to this bazaar.


Plans must be drawn up.


Here? We know Gilmore, he flirts really good.


Do we see invisible doors?


Leave it nearby.


Should have stayed in school.


I don't like going first.


Start spreading the word yourself. You can help us out, right?


So attack rolls and what was the other?


I'll break her. Right? Because I can't--


You might miss, and hurt her.


You still have the coin, right?


Who are you?


(laughs) I get a negative two modifier, that's such bullshit. (laughter)


Yasha is right next to it.


Kashaw!


It's almost debatable. Because we look like an unnatural mist.


The first one is 20, with four points of necrotic damage.


I'm going to hold a flute and my sword. (laughing)


We don't trust you.


I guess I should attack the one that's in the lava.


I go over and give him a Cure Wounds.


I think you know what I mean, but in case this thing gets out of hand, can I count on you to right the ship if need be?


We have not had a short rest yet, have we?


We'll get the blueprints just to help.


I know, we were thinking about that time.


Yesterday was a very bad day.


How far-- we're still clouds?


With his-- I left his dagger. Shit. I could go back down the hall and get it?


Are you in it?


No, he wasn't helpful, but it was very helpful the way he wasn't helpful.


Okay. I want to use my Step of the Wind. Ki point.


I feel like we should heal you up just a touch more. What are you at?


Gets pulled under?


How much for 40 bolts?


Which might be more intelligent than what he was before...


Take a strike.


Oh. Okay. I'm going to Guiding Bolt it again.


It's lovely to meet you. I could end the evening right now having learned a lot from you already.


I mean, not badly, but--


Me and Scanlan go back into the cave and search for Kamal again.


You've seen us, we haven't seen you.


All right. All right. And is he within 60 feet of me?


I have an Aid spell that before we go into the fray, I believe these two beautiful ladies have been taking a lot of the brunt of damage and deserve a little something extra. So I say they take Aid--


She's the coolest!


We need that skull.


Okay. Let's pull the cart over and hide it in the grass.


No, it's all right. Sorry.


But Senokir, I think, might have chuckled when I gave my sister a wet willie. So as we're walking, and I've got the ring on, as we pass people I'm doing this and looking to see if anyone is reacting to that.


Never mess with a goblin when death is on the line!


No, like--


It's so cool, though.


And what is it, wisdom?


We can deal with tempers.


Getting in would be a little tricky, you'd have to get by the guards.


With Animal Shapes?


Plus she single-handedly helped lead the rebuilding of a Sarenrae temple in Vasselheim.


My name is Shale.


We lost a day, but the dragon will still take the same amount of time.


Paper faces on paradé.


He doesn't eat. So--


All right. Less questions to answer.


Hmm, all right, I get on the broom and I float on up to that landing and I look and see if there's any traps on the ground. Without setting foot on it!


By the way, how is my accent? I haven't had a chance to practice Gnome on an actual gnome in a long, long time, since I was a boy.


I think I got skipped!


Okay, so what I'm going to do is, I want to conjure it from underneath me, so as I see them filtering up, I want to pop it up right from underneath me to where I'm on top of it.


It's a concentration of up to 24 hours, so as long as I don't use a concentration--


And Larkin, the reason we hired you, now that I remember, was for your extreme knowledge of dragons and their behaviors. Tell me this: should we be concerned when this one leaves his lair about hobbling its lair or somehow preventing it from returning?


Did they wake me up?


(laughs) Certainly spirits at the very least. Soul and spirits. I shouldn't be finding this as funny as I am.


Madam, what's your name?


Oh, then let's wait then. All right.


I take my dark dragon staff, and as this moon orb begins to glow, I cast Witch Bolt-- is that it?-- yes! Witch Bolt upon it! Infused with my own internal moon fire.


Squeeze it together? Ah, there we go. Okay so we're going to go down here.


We run down to the prison cell.


And he's tripped. Oh, he has to make a strength saving throw.


Dew, dew. There's a liquid u in that.


Not immediately. You're almost on it. They told me to get a body, I got a body. A living body. A child rapist. And brought him to the Clasp, and they brought out a stick-- really it was made of human tongues.


Everybody's here but Grog.


Will you sing "Jump" from Van Halen?


Is this enough to jury-rig?


I genuflect.


We're spending enough money on this place.


I hate water!


Or he? I'm not really sure.


He's many things.


Do I have to say this?


Run for sure.


I can fix it. Just give me a hot second.


It would take a slot out of our ten.


Bidusday, Biwhatsday. Biheyhay.


Reroll.


(machine gun noises)


Roll your new dice to redeem it for that shit--


It's dank down here.


They brought you here?


I have gold pieces I can use later, too, if you want them.


This is my third or fourth because I did crit, so I got one back.


I can't even think of what the revenge felt like anymore. It's not... it doesn't weigh on me. Just regret.


Do I remember where he was? Can I shoot in his general vicinity, even though I'm blind?


Because of your daughter?


Can we do that? Is that something you can do?


Greenbeard.


Don't you want to ask that nameless guard how he wants to do this?


The other side.


It’s made of rubber.


That's a detailed plan.


Yes. You had the best night's sleep here, I bet? So comfortable? Lots of wine? That box, give it to me now.


I'm settling in.


Oh! Four daggers.


Don't touch the grass, it'll get angry at you! It'll yell at you for a week!


All right. I'm actually going to send you on that one, since you have the broom. We'll need two. I'll find a feather. All right. I'm going to just take a quill, basically, and stick it in there. I don't even care.


It's not gonna be ruined.


Can you get down there and hold an action?


And I will see you next weekend, as well!


Don't do it Bane, don't fall into that venus fly trap. Get it, 'cause it's a trap, 'cause it's. It's a plant based pun.


I flank.


I want in on this as well now.


Dibs! (laughter)


How much gold did we get, though, before it cocked up?


I have the Hat of Disguise on underneath, just so even if it drops, I'm still not me.


I'm going to do the same thing and hop up on a wall like last time.


I was gonna say, it was the first time I've ever intimidated anybody in my life. It was fun. (laughter)


(gasps) Percival!


Peacock's Charisma or whatever the fuck it's called.


The spinning orb of death.


Don't take it. No, Nott.


No problem. Thanks for making sure I was okay back there.


One-five.


Yeah, no, that makes sense.


Amphibious. Yeah, there's a sea "anenome" under there as well.


We are guests here.


Yeah. I'm going to come up behind him and grapple him and put my staff around his throat, making eye contact with everybody else.


Yes, we close it, yeah.


That die never does that for me.


Quickly, could I have asked around and found my way to the other entrance to this area by now?


I mean, I'm open to augmenting that plan a little bit.


We like to be unsung heroes. You know, like superheroes with secret identities.


I scream and I run towards him.


Gosh!


I haven't built Magneto's helmet.


I cast Hunter's Mark on the biggest one I see.


Okay, right? Where is Trinket?


I love that that's her unofficial name. Announce yourself, woman! Thing! Whatever!


Shooting, car drifting, dog training and more. Go to nerdist.com or youtube.com/nerdist to check it out and tell them Critical Role sent you. Send me some comic books because I'm really bored here.


We don't want to start traipsing up. They'll see us coming.


To whom it may concern.


That seals it, buddy.


But you have to get up there, though. You have to touch it with that one.


Hey! That's a 19. That doesn't hit.


And put three daggers in its flank.


Double mumbo-jumbo?


And don't we have a prisoner?


Yeah. I want to get it to where eventually we're going to try to get a semicircle around him. So closer to that area around there to get a crescent going.


Does she look okay?


I think I should find that gross, but I'm kind of into it?


He is so dead.


(whispering) Blood brothers, so cool.


Hey, T., are you feeling sentimental, being back in Marquet?


Yeah, it's such a great tour. They have so many creative things that I've never seen in hospitals-- I got kids-- or would've thought they had a room for teenagers; it was cool and had teenage stuff in it. It was awesome.


Not on purpose. I'm really desperate to find a way into the swamp and you were talking really loudly.


Yes, you should!


Like even the top of the tree and stuff.


I mean, I could turn him back into a cat, but then he's slower, he can't get over the walls maybe.


And thank you, Paul, for getting us all ice cream!


I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for dragging the entire audience into this. Hopefully your children are already asleep, I do apologize.


Can he climb to the tippy-top?


A statue?


I should probably stay on the ship.


Strength ability checks. And I'm going to take a sharpshooter shot. That's 20?


Well, this group of angry things that might want to kill us.


Well, we can't leave without a crew.


This is not my strong suit. That'll do, though! 22.


Nope, no, the other door in the room I'm in.


I'm clutching my Ioun stone.


I can go down first and make sure it's secure on the other end.


Post that shit!


Maybe there's two branches.


Well he's so--


I'm going to push down with all my might, to try to get him down on the ground.


Will everything work like normal if she's astral projection?


I think it's just a vanity.


Let's maintain a certain level of plausible deniability.


But thank you, it was very helpful.


What are we trying to do, shove him back into the hole?


Flask of Courage?


All right, then. I certainly am not up to it, so I completely understand if you're not.


Okay. And I will, with the bonus, I will heal Grog with a Healing Word.


13 points of damage plus two for the Hexblade's Curse.


This sounds exciting. (laughter)


We found a Twiggy.


Oh! One, two, we were three. Okay, yeah.


What if we paint you in like black paint, or poo.


You really have no money left.


Seeing where Jester is, I'll pull Caleb aside. May I ask you a frank question?


Oh, I have a wonderful escape plan.


Guess what?


The wording is unclear on my card.


Am I handsome again?


Sexy dance.


Oh no, I rolled really bad on my stealth check. Eight.


Yeah, those are mine.


We're stealthed, we're Pass Without a Traced.


You're in the back of the pack.


That's 15. 27.


That's nine plus--


Oh my god, what do they know?


And pull him out of the room. Anyone?


Yeah, let me do them all. 11.


12. Not great.


You technically have a pillar that's 30 feet high adjacent to him that you can anchor it into a pillar.


Sorry, another question. May I call you Bryce?


Let's take him, too.


I weigh like 600 pounds.


She's bequeathing it to you in her will.


Did I chop off his hand? Can you tell?


Definitely.


Oh, damn. Does he still have disadvantage?


You beat me to it. I'm aroused.


Still waiting for Sean.


(strained voice) I'm going to punch her with my fists! (laughter)


This is too dangerous for you to have. I'm keeping this one--


Oh, well then it's 22.


Just peek over, peek in.


He's tricky. I think we should get a mnemonic device on what we need to do if he becomes too tricky. We should say, elf boy grab! E! For egads! There's an elf, we should grab him. L! Let's grab that elf boy.


We're drinking dead people tea?


(sniffs)


I can read Dwarven because of the belt.


I'll get ready with Cure Wounds.


For the people at home, we live to hear Matt say:


That might be cliffs on the back end, though, you guys. We won't be able to scale those.


We tell him we heard that somebody went missing and we were investigating where he went.


That's some bullshit.


I have one. I got nominated for a Golden Joystick award.


That's all I've got. In a fit of fight or flight, as I'm standing up, I smack down on the ground and hit a Thunderwave around me, because that's all I have.


Is there forest on the sides of the road from where we are?


But you know, let's go kill the dragon before we get the rest of these things, because that's a good idea.


Take that out first.


Anywhere else to hide, or something to hide behind?


All right. All right. All right. (LAURA laughs)


It's going to be good.


I'm not-- why--


All right, I'll go down there with Yasha. MATT. You climb down and join Yasha there. You can see the slight decline behind you as it progresses away from the direction of where this current seems to have happened. Once again, the smell is stagnant, a combination of waste product and whatever else has rotted and congealed down there. That smell of bacteria-filled liquid and water. Continuing upward, it curves a little bit to the right and out of sight with a faint bit of torchlight that bounces off the slick wall. There is a weird humid warmness to the air down here. It's not extremely pleasant. You don't see anything else in here other than what look to be clusters of waste combined with sticks and whatever else has washed down here through previous storms and has begun to build up blockages here and there, maybe a foot, two feet across.


Yeah, I basically want a little almost half wall for cover here and here, just extending the stonework.


(sings) Butterfly in the sky.


So I can talk?


Okay. Ah, well. But it's still got Bane.


Percy-- Well, are you going up top?


Okay, 2d6 plus three. That's not great, four, five, six, seven, eight piercing damage, and then do I also-- oh, and he has to make a DC 13 strength saving throw or be knocked prone.


Please don't make me be the one that remembered all the shit about Dis. I mean, I am The Grand Poobah de Doink of All of Dis and That, so.


Oh, shit. Okay, it's gone, so we don't know where it is?


What do you think, Grog, Pike?


It does. It will keep you from sinking into the muck. It will allow you to, you'll have to walk very slowly, you can't walk very quickly, and if things get hairy you can cut them off, they're just wood and rope, they're not that complicated.


Grog, help. Seriously, quick.


I mean, he looked kind of like a dick. If you want my personal opinion but--


Yeah, I didn't hear--


We could go get me a new bow. There's also the ocean.


We're missing something, I don't understand.


Why the book?


65 feet.


There's children in the audience.


That's true. Yeah.


Yeah, do you still have the doohickus?


I toss one of its teeth at him. He will trouble us no more. He is a bygone.


We were all like, "okay, perhaps we don't want to be known as the SHITs."


Looks like there's a handprint on the back.


Okay okay, 16.


I'm going to where the attack is, not to them.


Do you need company?


Use my dice that I gave you.


Breakfast.


We're going off the map.


That was my bonus action. For my action, I will tell the two goblins--


No, that's vomit.


Her name's Trisha? Trish the Dish.


Rissa, do you know how much one of these evening companions might run per hour?


Hotis hired us. What is your organization?


That's a giant dagger, if I've ever seen one.


What does a level two healing potion do, again?


We could try it. It doesn't hurt to put a hat on.


I did roll with advantage. 11.


Hey, we killed something, guys!


Thank you. It's very dangerous.


No! It could kill the jug!


Red Bull.


Why--


It's a new day!


(laughing) The ladder he didn't use?


Seems nice.


Dried blood?


Hold because if he knows he has to tell me because I picked the right feat for it.


Well, or she wants to become the next Vecna.


Those are so pretty!


Now inspire!


And Scanlan's next to the magic user, right?


(deep voice) That was deeper than for real.


Do I add mine?


Oh, wonderful. Thank you, that's-- so talented. What flavor tea do you like, Allura?


I don't know. It just says 1d8. It's my song of rest.


We'll take the meeting today.


Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus to pop Trinket out.


I can look at it and see if it looks magical.


Could've been drinking in a bar, like a normal person, but no, tied to a chair.


Fjord, run!


I'd prefer to stand.


Half a boar?


We killed things for money!


I'm going to die. It's fine.


Back and to the left.


You guys made me an emote!


We're in Kraghammer.


That ain't going to hit. That's fine, I'm going to take my bonus action, and I'm going to cast Hex on it.


I prefer Gnome when I'm with you.


And they're in difficult terrain, so it's halved.


I'm gonna have to look up my first range increment


Can it do that?


I wonder if Febron is going to get covered in that pus that's coming out of him.


I'll look in my memory. One hour, but I have to be close to it. How big is this room?


Nuke him. Nuke the bastard.


Feel you. I feel you.


Yep. I can absolutely do that.


I'm going to get a little closer, I'm going to start running towards the ruins.


How often does he come back?


Rexxentrum.


Who looks like he's controlling it? Odell?


Can I go one over to the right?


Vafall?


I was going to say, let's wake up the elf.


They distappeared.


(valley girl voice) They are so dead.


Okay, so maybe I'm 70 to 80 percent correct, but we're all in this together.


I want a judgement call on that.


The crew! The crew groaned!


You've got this.


So I killed somebody, so I get an extra attack, correct?


(sing-song) Do-de-do-de-do!


Has Emon come back enough to have shops open for business or anything?


I'll get it!


Would I be able to make potions of healing with this?


Concave.


Please please please. Natural 20! (cheering)


I go-- and I walk out. She'll read it, right?


I mean, nudity's going great and all, but this is more about comfortability.


Oh, I should take off the mask. It's more scary that way. (growl)


Kashaw's in Vasselheim.


What do you mean, he's a lich or something?


He was not our friend. He was an asshole.


I scoop her up.


I do this.


I'm going to hold my turn, and cast a Scorching Ray at the sorcerer the moment they do anything. First, I will get up off of prone, into a crouch.


Don't be a bad roommate. He was a bad roommate, don't be a bad roommate. [laughter]


Those are my ideas for what could be announced on Monday, and whatever it is, when it is announced, go online, subscribe, use the code "CRITICALROLE" to get three dollars off your subscription. Loot Crate, we love them, no matter what the theme is.


Is it fire, and it's a frost dragon?


I have this Longbottom herb you can smoke before we go?


Okay, no problem.


If I fucking waste one of my fucking spells... Caleb! I rush over and I cast Cure Wounds at 2nd-level to heal Caleb.


I'm surrounded by three guards?


Yeah, Scanlan got some great letters from the fans, and he replied with some award-winning advice. So, check that out tomorrow on geekandsundry.com.


I'd be probably either Scanlan or Pike.


Clang clang clang.


You motherfucker.


Would you like to trade your goggles for them?


All right. What were you guys fighting about before? Can you tell me?


Hang on, wait. Wait, wait. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it right. I'm going to ball up like a cannonball and light up my hands, that I keep forgetting because I didn't know I could do them in elemental form, by the way. Thought it was only beast form. I'm going to light myself on fire and go meteor.


(gasps) I knew it. I knew it.


Swirl it all up.


Oh, pretty good. That is 17 for me.


Six, seven, eight, nine, 11.


We never get into trouble together. I mean, this is foolproof.


He said he was going to bring the rest, I think, later.


Oh, I was joking when I said it.


No. Whatever you're going to do. Just do it.


They're who we loaded crates for, and then we kind of swindled their employee.


Mediation check.


Yeah, do they look sad?


Towards something? What?


(whispers) But you needed your spells.


Notice he's got a towel down.


I'm going to gingerly creep around the corner.


Decline means down.


Did you try the others? Coral? Carol?


Viskorad. My name is Viskorad.


Point taken!


Kima, I think, is an excellent idea.


You're speaking my language.


When you say too drunk, do you mean "we" the adventurers or the humans back in Los Angeles?


Got it. Then, after that turn, I can read it again?


I want two jars.


Or did you have something?


It is true. They sold me a bunch of shit.


Oh, here it goes.


Bottle of wine!


And I will do it the old fashioned way.


Rat spiders! Ooh!


Seeker Asum, do you have an opinion on how you would like to proceed?


And you put us in a safe spot somewhere in there, somehow?


All right, well, plan B.


Before he does that, you said 17 on the first one, 11 on the second attack, and how much necrotic on the second one?


Kerr, do you have a sense of how many people are left in the city, roughly?


Well, Kerr, I'm certainly glad that you showed up in my life, in this time, when I am building this-- whatever the hell this is. Thank you.


A beard trimmer?


Do I have range?


But it's fine, I'm sure.


Yeah, then one of those'd be great.


That could've been so bad. 20.


If I die because of this... (laughter)


Down at the quarry?


Outside that door, right by the placard, and jam my hand on that.


I currently want to burn my dice.


I thought they said they had friends.


Isn't there somewhere a little less scary we can take him?


And the other guy--


Is it red?


We would have told you the two humans. Two humans.


I do need a tattoo.


It was super dark. I hit a barrier. It felt like it was a barrier of stuff.


Can I see any type of underground secret tunnels or passageways that lead out of the city? What?


Yeah. Dispater. Yeah, kind of think he serves him, so we're kind of maybe going in to kill one of his literal secret spies. Think it's kind of what's going on.


I want to go!


Yeah, we do have a flying carpet.


Okay. Should I roll my regular attack dice?


It's true. She actually revealed her entire form during the battle. Which is quite diseased.


Okay, big money. Okay, that's all right. 16.


You're our hostage now!


Yay?


And what's behind the pit fiend where the map disappears? Is there building there or what?


That felt pretty good last night. Helping somebody.


I take it out, and I put it in mine. Grog, I'm finding out a way, as soon as I can show this to you, fellow. I'm going to go into Kraghammer very, very fast as opposed to slowly, and it is, so we should leave right now.


Vault that lava.


I'm going to cast--


You need to be inside the city gates as well.


They can't hear you, Percy. I can hear you, but they can't.


I really should've charmed them instead of held them, but let's go.


I'm leaning back.


(starts singing Mortal Kombat theme)


Because that is fucking awesome.


Are you petrified, too?


Yeah, this is frightening.


It actually rolled when you moved the paper.


No! Don't joke, don't ever.


You're looking big.


Percival? If we get in there, what are the chances that this gentleman, Sir Kerrion-- Korean--


I just said yes. No, wait, I don't have it, I don't have it. Nope. Never mind. No! Go.


I write that down.


Okay. I think I have all my Lucks. That's why I'm asking.


Want me to give it a try?


I can't do a-- rip off a patch and take a potion, can I, as a bonus?


Of all things, it's way better than vomit.


I'm less scared, but it's still uncomfortable, and I'd prefer to do it at my own speed, thank you very much.


I understand. Unfortunately, my daughter is very particular about shiny and expensive things, so if this bowl has any worth, I'm afraid we might need to be compensated for our troubles. Did you happen to bring any coin with you?


Thank you for noticing, and... I'm trying hard not to make it my business. It's hard to remember sometimes.


I'm going to rush around to the left of the big guy. His left, I'm sorry. Right over here. Right in there. I'm going to take two shots and see what happens.


Well, this was a metal box.


Oh god! (laughter)


Sourpuss.


You can't dance? You're not a dancer?


I was very curious to see you naked. But that's kinda fallen on the wayside.


(laughs) There's very little I can do--


Nice. Ooh, natural 20!


There are options but we need to discuss what happened today. This changes some things.


It is a 16.


So I was really excited by the gunslinger in Pathfinder just 'cause it was something I hadn't done before. So I found it the most interesting and unusual, but I was not, and I also felt it was a hole within the group that could be filled very well.


I don't want to be focused on this. I want to be focused on that. Plus, I feel like if those events led to this, maybe there's a remedy for the whole thing.


I think I know what I'm doing. All right, here. You can check it.


We can have a drink or two.


Yeah, that would be really nice.


We stick our hands in.


Half of my level, or something like that?


Do you have any interest in a tactical ambush?


Of piercing damage. I'm gonna reload.


I'm going, what are the big lumps, are those trees?


Good, that's good. Evening out the odds as we all go unconscious, they all go unconscious.


If you got that right, that's some fucking Beautiful Mind shit.


So I don't know why I know this.


What about the teal thing? What was the-- Who did The Mountain Makers fight?


What'd you cast on the big guy?


They certainly think you do, and they are not pleased.


Hey... Vax, do you still have any of that--


Oh, were they in the bag?


It was very painful.


I love it!


That will do. You do not have knowledge of whether or not our magics will work in that prison?


So the tornado thing. You could be like a fire tornado?


It's too artsy.


I know that there's something here that has a bonus action.


Barefoot it onto the water and see what happens.


Yeah, just thought I'd put that out there. I feel like his duck sense would be tingling. Always knows where South is.


Let's just say that when I started using, I was your height. (laughter)


They're outies.


Look in your library, I am following you to your library.


Oh yeah, this is gonna be--


So, list starts right here. [end of transcription]


They're quite-- quite lovely. (all laugh)


Damn it. Right here?


Undead.


Oh, great. When do I get to see it?


I'm sorry, okay, I understand now.


Yes Percy. Critical on a disadvantage!


He could be literally anywhere within a hundred-mile radius.


It feels like forever. (singing) One song, glory. One song to win your heart, glory. Where do I even start?


Do we have a mattress or something like that? Do we have anything?


You have dreams!


Where are the ears? Someone has them safe.


Don't bet against the enemy!


This is our first maternity shirt.


Are you going there, right now, also?


I will-- I was planning on doing at least one chapter in my book about the smaller races, and that would be an excellent--


The Guitaya Clan?


I feel like we should open up a little bit. I think she's going to see if she can crawl over to the door, so she can hide behind it in case something bad happens.


I run as fast as I can over to Pike and Vax.


It sounds like smut to me.


Nah, not now.


I'm looking through her desk, seeing if I can find any false bottoms or anything like that to try to find secret information.


We could leave it with Wilhand, actually.


I can get there like that. We're good.


I'm just going to go check out this tree over here. See if I can get a little better vantage.


Last time I touched something, I didn't hear the end of it. And now we're just going to let this happen?


--double-teamed--


No button, no latches, no holes for quarters?


She was amazing.


Who was that person?


Hey, guys.


Wait, is she back?


A one, a one, and a two.


Couldn't.


It is most gracious of you.


Percy and Vex are on the broom.


He's currently face down in the water.


This is Act Two of the game, of the video game that you're playing.


Seven Luck. It's not per game, it's per day, so if we go to bed, it resets. Fart knockers. I'm doing investigation? That's 18.


Not looking for work, we're just on a job.


Lovely meeting you, Lady Kima. Come and find me when you return to Vasselheim.


Do you want company? Do you need anyone with you?


As soon as we see it start to shrink, I'll hold the people back.


Coming through!


I found the place where the Snitch came from. I had the woman make me one out of iron.


It would be so easy.


Poop through a cone.


I felt like your words were different before. Listen, we're going to not use violence all right? I'm not--


Yeah. Cool.


Do we want this girl alive for some reason? I can't move her.


That is 20.


We've never run!


Sea foam, that's all you are.


Ooh. This is getting so complicated with each layer!


This is at least going to get her attention.


One leg?


I was going to distract them, too.


It's a map, it's a map!


Yeah, I'm fine!


Yeah. She's going to have to be introduced at some point.


Oh god. Oh god.


I should probably go to Syngorn before it gets too late.


Those boots are gone!


I'll shit my pants before this fight is over with.


Can I keep propellering my Mace of Disruption as I walk? On the ground?


Yeah, I'm going to get off the carpet and walk over just to where I have line of sight.


Boat shoes on!


All right. I take Percy up top.


It's still on the same position it was, though, right? When we started? Right?


All the dead.


I think it's done.


(burps)


And that was up in Vasselheim! Thank you.


He was a nautical kind of guy.


Plus, some of us can swim. We could pop down real quick and see what's down there.


Yeah, that's Dugganator. Steven Duggan? Yeah.


Which, I imagine we're leaving soon, anyway.


You engage, they'll follow, we go, we fight another day, we sleep in the rafters and wait until daybreak.


Who knows?


Why would you do that?


I saw that thing out of the corner of my eye and was just distracted.


Yeah, you might want to send someone to collect your dead too, by the by.


A critter gave me this. They said it was lucky. It's not that lucky. 12.


I would never tell you no.


He taint intimidated. Got to get it out of my system. I'm so sorry.


Yes, it's very valuable for us to find it! Yes.


She is just joshing you.


Is this a frequent occurrence when you're in Darktow? This sort of--


We didn't mean to be, Yasha.


Well, now that I know you're interested in some cleric, I don't care.


Oh, it's just down?


This person, what does this person look like? Does this person--


What we could do, Grog and I could run back, I could cut him over the eye, and say: It was horrible. It was quite a fight, but we won.


Irregular gnolls.


Best to avoid them.


I agree. One and done.


Well you got a little bit of a fall.


Yeah, but we don't have to do that now! We have a whole boat trip to go.


Hodor!


Pike, did you ever fully tell us what all you saw in your vision? I mean, have you perhaps had any more visions?


