That was such a great party. (all laugh)


Come on, Gil. Five.


Look, I hate to interrupt, right. Do you think you've done anything wrong?


I thought I threw him the robe.


Persistent cough.


Oh, the artist, Ioana Muresan, who is a long time Critter and has done a lot of art for our show, and we love her, and she did such a amazing job. Thank you. Look at this!


(silly voices) D&D!


(as Mickey Mouse) Ooh! Sorry, dad.


We might have some stuff in the Bag of Colding.


Would you like a drink? Here. It's filled with many alcohols from different taverns.


Hey, you know what? You piss off, okay? I've had a rough day. I just wanted to be by myself near the ocean!


Listen, when we get down there, I'm going to swim a rope under the water to where we're going. It's going to be like a guide line, so whoever you ride with can pull on the rope and you’ll just hang on.


Just off the road a little bit.


I know, you're going to get motion sick--


Can I see any writing? Any runes, any sign of carvings on the rocks at all?


He was. He was a dark wizard. He was awful.


Ooh, you'd be like a little silverback baby.


Into the wood.


Should I try to Pass Without a Trace, you guys?


No, it's great. You can really argue all you want to, or I'll just smash your fucking head in.


It's a real thing? You didn't make it up?


Sam? Oh, Sam's not here.


That was two weeks of tension being released.


You are a very powerful wizard.


What if we fall out?


It is. The barlgura is going to use its running leap to jump right on Vera.


Exactly, but there's a spinning orb of death there.


Can I hold up the sphere in one hand and the falchion in the other?


I would say it would be nice to be going home, except I know what we're going home to. So there's going to be no relief.


I don't think-- no, she's never drunk.


It says if I probe deeper, he makes a wisdom saving throw. If he succeeds, the spell ends. And! He's aware I was probing.


The rest of us can be on distraction duty, yeah? Until we go.


I'll be a dwarf.


I am, too. I'm actually very surprised at the choices we've made. Especially the choices that I've made.


All yours. All yours, pal.


I am a lady, and ladies treat merchants well, and they don't hold grudges, I hear, because they are ladies and they are above it. So here. Take this 1500 gold. I'm going to count it out for you, Grog. It's below him, it's beneath him to count this gold, he's also a Lord. There you are. C'mon Grand Poobah.


You can use the bonus action granted by your cunning action to control the hand.


Anywhere near Caleb?


So, let's go. Let's just hurry.


Get him, baby.


Don't worry, I'm only going for grumpy people today.


Start ripping the plates off.


Watching me?


Oh, damn. All right.


At least it gets them out of commission.


I thought that was his magic healing spot, but I guessed wrong.


I can do this. I am the one who cocks. (laughter)


You cannot mix those two impressions together. It's too dangerous. (Sean Connery voice) I suddennly remembered my Charlemagne. (normal voice) Doesn't work.


Goggles.


Brand.


There's no mine hole?


Yeah, Grog! Get me that staff!


I see that, and I take three shots at this fucker up here immediately. How far away is he?


Then fuck yeah, it's a pounce.


Are there any more?


Not this particular one, but yes.


(nervous voice) Hi Marius.


So we should leave them here.


Left, right, left, step, step, step. (laughter)


Geek & Sundry's twitter.


Well, I mean, we're-- we'd be passing through, it'd be--


Things are looking grim and I would ask while you-- If you intend to remain and work on your research on this anomaly beneath our city, perhaps thinking as to how it may be turned into a weapon for our use against these creatures would not be out of the realm of question, and any information you do have of the chromatic dragons would be invaluable. Any research that can be done. We are at war.


You did, actually!


I understand. Thank you for your understanding.


(uncertain noises) I know. Making sure you know. That is all.


I have stealth as Minxie. I get benefits, right, as a tiger? Oh, yeah, I do. Oh, not good. Ten.


Well, I want to talk to him, too, but yes.


Just within range.


Hey, that's one!


Oh, 26!


You are not Scanlan anymore! (laughter)


Oh, that's considered a bardic inspiration, my Cutting Words?


Is it through the lake?


There's no nothing.


Yeah, Matt, can you please do us a favor and point out the doors?


I'm down in the tunnel.


All right, well, I'm getting tired. I'm going to turn in to the other room, if anybody feels like joining. Congratulations, Jester. That's very exciting.


My gosh, you've got a lot going on these days.


Do you have Regenerate with you?


I do. Do I still get advantage because flank?


We're not going back.


My lady, we have come on a mission. To save someone that you were holding captive. We have completed our mission, and in the melee, in that hovel you called a palace back there, we lost one of our own, and we would like him back. Now, I'll make it very simple because my fellows are begging me to keep things simple. It's a simple binary choice. You can all die right now, or you can turn over our friend and we will probably, probably leave you in peace. I would promise, but I don't make promises to dogs.


Yeah, do you have mead that doesn't taste like piss?


What if something happens?


I'm sorry I... fell again. Can someone answer me one thing, though? Who got Kaylie? Who brought Kaylie here?


This is unreal.


Don't say that's nothing.


You'll be watching along? Okay, good.


Business.


What about the boom stick that you have? We can chuck it into the--


No, you ruined it! It was so good!


It could help, it depends on how strong the clockwork is.


What's our footing like? Stone, roots, wet?


I know. I get one per day.


That smoke plume definitely--


Tell you what, Victor. I don't think you want to tell her anything.


But I don't know, you seem to know a lot about a lot of things and sketchy things, too.


Tary, going forward, I think you need to recognize how literal Doty takes things, and maybe think maybe more detailedly on how you word things, maybe?


Apparently. Well, it's what the cards are saying. It's right in front of you.


I grab my earring and I say, I'm on the right. It is a dead end all the way.


Snowy.


We are-- I don't know if you've noticed, but the city has just been saved.


(sighs) What is it, like, noon right now? (laughter)


Okay then.


Bludgeoning.


Does it look like it could have been a bear skull?


It's much better.


In a hole in the ground.


Is that one person?


I know we look different now, but if you had to pick one of us, which is the most handsome?


But because Scanlan's over Sprigg!


What about tomorrow? Do you want to go tomorrow? Does she know you're coming?


They're eating something that's stuck.


I meant physically. Physically, you're puny and weak. Intellectually, you're a rock star, you're amazing. You know I respect you!


Yeah, what does it do? Do you turn into a crazy beast?


Was that another 20?


You should try some of his dead tea. It's pretty good.


Yeah, but you know.


Fuck. Thank you, god. 26.


Oh, but we could've eaten those buffalo-type creatures.


Aw, they took the tent.


Oh, that's the guy who was already at the gangplank?


Seven plus six, 13, plus-- I've been adding wrong. 18.


Can we see where to go to? An opening?


Okay, test of wits. Like, Dinner with Andre style?


Great! It's fine! I'm going to cast Mage Hand and open the other one.


Nobody knows what you're doing. (laughter)


I want to stay for 17 more hours, but I'm ready to go. I am good. I am done. Thank you.


To help us later.


Like Labyrinth muppets, maybe. Like the creepy head Labyrinth muppets.


This is amazing, these could be useful.


I sacrificed a small child to these dice.


How long before the tithe man comes back?


Sorry, fourth level.


Okay, so that is 4d8 of lightning damage.


Yeah, I don't like this. I start sinking into the bath, enveloping everything, and sitting on the bottom and holding my breath for a little while.


I only rolled an 11.


That's true, yeah.


Good.


Oh, this streamlined. This is how the look goes.


Oh, god, if that's all--


Oh, yes, guys, by the way. Ashley and I are dating in real life.


The white one that's here. That will be here.


You paid for it! You know, you don't want it to go to waste. There's probably a very nice sitting room or tavern or something underneath this place. It's a shame to let it go to waste.


I bring out the yellow vial.


I take out the cask of ale and pour a little tankard of ale, just because I'm bored.


High-five, buddy.


He's checking. He's checking.


Yeah. But it could still be dispelled.


And you have a holy water now.


I'm going to go find a guard and ask them what's up.


It's 22.


We're going to finish searching downstairs and then find the entrance to the--


Would I be able to shoot him from behind the one further back?


You said there was 40?


Okay. Yeah, okay.


Oh, nice.


Our little boy's growing up!


The damage on the Sacred Flame is-- The spell's damage increases by 1d8 when you--


I knew you had it in you.


Oh great, throw a sharp object.


Not right now and that's fine. And I would hate to get in the way of any of your business. Your business is your business and I'm perfectly fine with that. But it's good to remember that there are people who need what they have. There are people who need every bit of what they have. And there are people who would be much happier if they had a little less.


I see it every time. He does. He smolders.


Do you still look like him?


Wow. Cool.


That sounds crazy.


I'm still there, right? No, we took a long rest!


It was an intervention, Percy.


Except for Trinket, who can't climb up.


What did you find, what did you find?


Is this Dr. Comedy, who's writhing in laughter?


Wait, I think we reversed it.


Wait, no. Plus ten because Pass Without a Trace.


16 plus-- 19.


Did you see Umbrasyl?


Even if I was upright, be like a pincushion to sit on?


She'll understand what I'm saying, but I don't think she can--


Just a straight check?


LightningGemini  "I love Critical Role, you guys are amazing."


Grog, don't do anything!


Santy? Shanty.


A stick. Of human tongues.


Yeah. Let's go find Kashaw.


Thauma-gurgy! I want to use my Thauma-gerchy.


Like a Rhinestone cowboy.


Yeah, no, of course she was.


We're all in a clump, so we can still touch? I don't need to move anywhere in order to be able to touch her?


Double-edged.


From what we understand and again, there's not much that survived that. They tend to cover their tracks.


What does that do? Okay, okay.


And just see.


And stay low-key. We don't need to go marching.


Do you have a collection?


Everyone's always worried about impressing you.


Yeah, I think I'll make it to the end of that week and start to make my way back.


I found myself under the ocean and then I saw these visions of people that I knew in my life: some that had wronged me, some that were very dear to me. I had to force my way through them up this staircase and when I reached the top-- Have you ever heard the word "reward"?


He is instantly at the top.


(sighs) Let's all be safe. To that.


I believe or was it--


(grunting) Let's see. Okay. (clicking noise)


Yes. You get happiness.


First hit. All right, I'll take that 21.


Then I cry in the corner and rock back and forth a little bit. That's my turn.


Yeah, isn't it weird when other people get upset?


The guy who beat you twice?


Pike is with Grog.


We're making a what, an intelligence check?


I believe. I believe in the spirit of Winter's Crest.


Yeah. Actually, if there's any way, can I get all the way around him?


Rock. His. Shit.


He took them with him!


So low! God!


Fucking shit.


Mm-hmm. You want some?


Why are we going to Whitestone, then?


Sponsored by Wyrmwood.


I think they're going to make a big fucking stink if we--


Maybe he's a good fiend, can fiends be good?


I've been waiting to drop it. Fucking water genasi heritage, man.


Yeah, don't you fix these.


We have a plus ten? 33.


No, yeah there's never even, like--


Tary, call him off.


Oh, that's 17.


Maybe not, forget that.


Your temples?


Like another Scanlan. Or another Pike.


And leaving witnesses who had seen someone who was not the Richter going in before the Richter--


I'm going to check my pockets for anything interesting.


That's not bad. That's 15 points of damage, plus six points of psychic, plus four points of necrotic damage.


Did you roll an 11?


How far is the forest, before the city?


Natural 20! My voice just cracked, but it's a natural 20.


We are trying to catch up with a captain that we need to make contact with.


That was at the High-Richter’s house. That wasn’t here.


It's very good tea.


Oh, that's a 20.


Hey! Beau, do you see Yasha out there?


Starving.


Ain't no thing.


Oh we do?


Five, so that's 24 damage. To the ceiling.


I have to take a nap, though. What's that?


It wasn't my best performance.


This is beautiful. Can I hit something with it?


All right. I pick it up. I look around to see if anybody has a problem. And I turn to the title page.


Oh no, I'm sorry, I'm stupid!


Your soul doesn't need to be forfeit, Percival.


Pike speaks Dwarvish.


Yes, I am. So first one, it's plus six? Okay. First one is 19. No, 20. First one is 20 total, and then the second one is 15 total.


Spit it out! Both of those are the same, which is seven.


Okay, Percy, do your thing.


She doesn't clank if she doesn't move.


Yeah. So, you know, we've been rolling.


But not podunk?


Ten gold.


You get a gold star for the day.


Little privacy, please?


We have a good feeling about it.


So if I made a ship then it would use a lot of it.


Can I use my resolve?


Yeah. That's cool.


But it's brighter! Oh, okay, sorry. (laughter)


Can I trip and fall right in front of the guard that's carrying the thing?


It is a 20-foot radius. That's not that much.


Oh, I didn't see that. I take my dagger back. He's fine, he's got a blade.


I start running out of there.


I'll hold a rope.


I heard it, as well. We don't want to split up. Wait there for a minute.


No, he's going to go to the police and bring them to the head.


Do we want both of the axes or just the one?


It lasts for one minute.


Wait, so it's reversed?


Yeah, you can do the jenga. What do we do if it's jenga?


Before you leave, real quick, Beau asks you if you found any information out while you were on your journey.


We are outside of town at our own keep, actually.


You're just going to--


Hi, friend. Shit. We've got to go to Vax. I'll start moving us slowly down, I guess.


You're really just a random shopkeep in the woods?


No! It was so good!


Oh no! He's so strong!


I have two in the chamber?


I get on my broom and continue the journey.


Well, we don't really need to roll an insight check to see this one's not doing so well.


Ooh, that's the wrong one. And then the second dagger does ten.


Doing the slo-mo game.


We can't attack him until you guys move.


How are we getting to Vasselheim?


Channel Divinity.


What does it look like, though?


Does this thing protect you at all?


I'm thinking of the middle finger.


It was a very good bomb.


I drop my form.


I explain it all in about a minute.


Tarot cards are fine!


I just don't know, I can't really tell if it actually has anything interesting.


All right, there is one vampire right in front of me, right? The one who hurt me.


And Greyskull Keep?


Are those real?


15 plus thieves' tools.


Am I standing at the anvil now?


I was going to do something before Jester did what she did.


Punch him again.


Yes, or Commune, whatever.


Yeah, I'm gonna King Kong his jaw. I'm gonna take the broken part, the top of his head, and just pull apart.


Oh shit, it's already started!


Look at this well-constructed map.


Oh yeah, we should probably make him a part of the feast.


All right, I'll try. Hello, sir.


Who's around me?


At the start of my next turn I do though, don't I?


Well, it's all tied up. Me and Yasha can probably--


That's all right, he's going to take it.


(singing) Everyone's fucking Avantika!


We're guessing that K'Varn doesn't want to leave his little cubby-hole.


Right. So we're already in a better place than we were before.


Introduced me to.


I pop out of the cart, and I'm holding the giant glaive.


Stunning.


Huh, I don't know where that was coming from.


College roommates.


Zen and the Art of Robot Manservant Repair.


Sea Org uniforms, watching a giant-screen TV of Critical Role. (laughter)


I'm going camping.


I don't buy it.


Look at that forked tongue.


Through, and I'm sending it along that line.


Oh, I was just trying to guilt Matt into playing Pike, but--


Speed is doubled.


Find one thing you're good at in life and do it for the rest of your life. (laughter)


Should we have a cannonball contest?


Then I want to get into the back corner closest to Liam, on the map.


They probably wouldn't kill me on sight. Lorenzo likes to make examples of people. So what would you guys do if I bought you time?


Oh, the damage is a crit. The second one is a 23. Yeah, 23 is the highest one.


It's fine, I'll die and roll another character, it's fine!


He's Bruce Wayne! Caduceus Wayne.


Please, start over again.


Yes, but Kima did not fall prey to random beasts, she fell prey to these shits.


Hard to see in there.


What about that short guy that was really mean?


Is that the whole, or did you not do the whole thing? I'm up. I'm fine.


The bells have been deflowered.


The door's going to blow up if we knock on it? I mean, we don't have much luck with doors.


Oh no, please, he's quite harmless. In fact, he's very scared of most people.


So now I can do my held turn.


Heroes.


I am alerting the guards and I am yelling through the hallways to lock down the city.


We don't have a plan! We're just asking everyone to meet in one location.


Leftover from the big feast.


(laughs hysterically)


Well, don't brag about it. Oh my gosh, my mom told me never bring-- well, she's dead, but before she died, she told me if you can't bring one for everybody, don't bring any. So just be quiet about it.


Simplest. The shortest distance between two--


Okay, great. Okay, so, reckless attack. That's, let's make it Great Weapon Master with the inspiration. 24.


I think is going to be an excellent bonding experience.


She's giving out leaflets.


It's a double entendre.


Another four damage.


I'll move five feet closer towards el troll, and I'll say: Get the fuck out of here! And I'll Eldritch Blast twice.


Hey, Percy.


I tuck it behind my ear.


Locked. All right, well, I pull out my little sack and I pull out one of these (twing) and go to work on it. That is a 28.


So I pull my poison blade out and I pull the keen dagger out. Okay, and I take the keen dagger - so the one on the left is by the door and the one that muttered through the doorway, right?


The Slavain Islands?


Oh, that was the mistake.


That was Caleb's fault, exactly, and I can't remember the thing he said about honesty and remembering.


Oh, it's all his. Check the body for bits and then the rest is his.


It'll be a 20. 19. (laughter)


Isn't he supposed to not be able to get charmed?


My heart is pounding.


She's older than me, though.


Okay, so Keyleth is 24.


Do you have something that can make disguises? Don't you have like, not the mustache, but something that can really change my looks?


And a little bit of minerals and dirt.


We'll find out, I suppose.


Agreed, agreed.


What if you come back as like a fish and then you're screwed and stuck in the water?


I was just checking. (laughter)


Bring it out!


We'll probably be staying at the Leaky Tap.


It's going to happen.


Yeah, roll that shit, Caduceus.


I run up to Trinket and I cast Cure Wounds on Trinket in a 3rd-level spell slot.


Exactly two weeks ago, at the Willingham house.


I shouldn't have gotten him that box, should I?


Molly, feel like making some coin, doing a little bit of a show?


Is there any extensive damage to our ship? Are we still pretty good, other than the railing getting ripped off?


More than you.


Fuck. I'm so weak, you guys.


So we couldn't do round trips anyway. They'd dissipate.


They're better off in Westruun.


Good day. Oh?


I want to stop in.


I think some bees would suit you.


You want the Rope of Entanglement?


Great for my back.


For appearances, yeah.


Oh, it is a rainbow.


Well, I think-- I would love to get everybody together and just talk some stuff out.


Of course I am. You haven't heard of... Well, you haven't heard of me yet because my book hasn't come out yet. Doty here is recording my legendary adventures as I travel around the continents.


I think we maybe should do that, actually.


Nice reference.


It's like the thing at the end of Time Bandits. We should just--


You casting that all over the place now aren't you, fancy-pants?


No, it's probably safe that I didn't.


Can we go in? Can we talk to them?


Okay, I'm going to spend most of my time organizing the affairs of the castle and the local government and making sure that there's institutions in place, getting rid of anybody who might still have sympathies towards the Briarwoods. Helping re-establish the Zenith and the Ladies' Chamber. Spending some time with my sister.


(yelps) I killed him! He's all over me! His bits are all over me!


She's got time.


Weird people live in shacks in the woods.


I'm going to use my Primeval Awareness and see if I can sense any spiders in the area.


I can revivify or I can raise the dead.


Look at me.


That's nice. I would love to. Please, keep it quiet, but if I could be notified if they're coming through again. I would like very much to surprise them, if that would be possible.


Find another exit, yeah, but where?


I don't want to see that.


But that's an action, it's not a bonus.


Don't know why I bother. Melanie is--


No, that's awkward.


Sometimes it doesn't take that long, you know what I mean?


Oh, with the boots on, 18.


No, don't do it! Arkhan, don't!


Who has to deal with the house?


I'll look with him.


Can I use the blood curses-- I can use it three times per short rest, so I have one more, right? I did two in the prison.


When did you learn Celestial?


You said four sets of manacles?


Timing could have you dead in the ground tomorrow.


I mean, I've made it this far. In my heart, I feel like I'm almost complete, but I feel like you're about to tell me something different.


20 total. 20.


The first was a one.


Give me that! I want to smell it.


Tell me again, what have you slain?


Am I okay? Yes, I'm fine. Are you okay?


You think one plate armor's going to do anything?


Whore dwarf!


For a time.


We are The Mighty Nein.


Well, it's not just Loot Crate, Liam. It's Loot Wear. Those come in a separate bag.


Elder Brain is spilling out the side now, isn't it?


There's no balconies.


20 feet behind, you hear  This is all I wanted!


Sponsor us!


Fire bad!


Ja. I am leaning, crouching against that stone, hands on the wall, just listening and working on keeping my gourd from rising.


I've already got a small bag of them, if you want to keep them--


Yes! Was it the Duganator's birthday?


Should we all say in case you're Sam and you don't know?


Oh wait, did they ever come back from their little walk?


That's a very good plan.


Start the motor, start the motor!


Why have you not been a rhinoceros yet?


Now I just want to remind you. He can take your head off, your knees off, your cock off, anything, in half a second.


And I'm going to shoot two arrows at him. Because what else am I going to do? Oh, Pike can help you.


And to whom do you sell these things?


You're speaking Draconian!


It hits!


Unless you're high enough level, and then it (pop).


Aw. I see why you're doing that. With disadvantage?


My twigs smoke the doob.


So they're fine.


18, 23, 33.


30 seconds left! 30 seconds left! Work it. Work! Relax the throat.


I go back, thanks.


You know, we could always take Kima's greatsword. It's made out of solid platinum.


It's at least as big as Tal'Dorei. I mean, it's another dimension.


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw! A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! ...also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this... well this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. (weapon crack) Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. (brawling sounds) Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! ...or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house, where you pay for... lady favors. Also ale!


No, but I mean-- yes.


All right. I'm in on this.


I happen to-- no, Nott, I did not know.


Percival just took some.


If we don't move, that's also a little weird.


Isn't this the same water that you bended?


Oh, no. Eight.


Percy? I feel safer already.


Can I try and replicate on this sphere the movements I watched Twiggy do to get us here?


(loudly) Do you have food and drink in this establishment?


I'm just trying to--


Oh, well, I was going to say we could go into this cave here.


Do we see the hat that we're looking for in here?


Maybe it's like a piggy bank or something. Maybe it holds a certain amount of coins, and you have to turn it the right way. Can you hear coins?


That would have been hilarious.


It's this. Tell him to do this.


Well then, how do people get around the city? You know.


I'm going to jack it up and see if I can--


We're starting to be.


We're not with them.


Did you roll at disadvantage?


Oh my god.


No carvings in caves, holes in the stone walls?


Okay. All right. I guess that's all I can glean from this. I'll knock on the door, and then run away before they can see.


You're a hatter, too!


Yeah. Well, I hit myself by falling out of the sky.


Oh shit, it could be trapped. Well, we'll find out.


And does the stone door behind us open?


Don't kill it again, okay Kiri? It's okay. We have another question.


How far away is the other boat?


Guess I've never really thought about it.


I feel better about killing them.


Its name was Princess.


Much like Scanlan's penis.


Additional 38, so that's halved also. 19?


Got two hits with the-- what's-- these.


(gasps) Platinum mines!


V def.


What? Tiberius, you prepared a lot.


Through the window?


Do you see anything glowing on any of the snake people, though?


--challenged friends.


I assume we didn't hear that terrible pun from inside the orb of death?


Is he the only one that was affected this time, again?


You're right. I should go with him. All right, let's go. We'll see you at the temple. Don't go to heaven without us.


Does someone have to be holding it?


Yeah, then paint his-- yeah, I do.


So we, so Kash and I have passed it before.


You're out for a stroll?


Then one day your parents are brought in as traitors. No?


We might have some bacon.


And that is it.


Yes. Well, no. Each thing takes three arrows, so I can do six arrows altogether.


Zsundie, Zsundie, Zsundie.


Our side.


So Tiberius recognizes as the Vox Machina/Brotherhood of the Sisterhood.


Are we going to try and go above, or are we tunnelling all the way there?


Yeah, I'll looking for will-o'-wisps.


Support 826LA! Thank you to those who did.


Orthax?


I mean, if he's already passed by the crypts, is there any reason to go there? I don't understand.


Just trying to--


Where's big Beau?


(as Jester) "Do you shave your butt?" (as Caleb) I can truthfully say--


Are you being facetious? I can't tell.


Oh, Elvish.


We look hot.


Marisha has a high clout score.


Are there days of the week? What is a weekend?


I'd probably be good without it. And we could go together about 50 feet away from the group, and then I could go a little bit further and see if I can get a better look.


I like you more and more, Kashaw, every time you speak.


I think so. I might have to tackle you if you don't calm the fuck down.


Am I there?


I don't know, D-Roll's pretty good. Man, D-Roll's great!


Wow! Okay! All right! YOLO, why the fuck not?


It's a week, so I get some gold from these people and I go and I don't even know what they said. I'm getting ten wooden stakes for myself.


Well, it's 15 plus two because I've got some thing on.


Yeah. I think it's great that you support the barracks. Do they come in for regular purchases every week or every month or find themselves in your store more often than not?


While he's shaking it off, I'm going to use my bonus action to Toll the Dead!


You can glide back to the mansion.


Sorry. (laughter) Keep going. I'm listening.


Ah! It's gentle.


We should go to Vasselheim!


Nah, man! You're one of us now!


What's wrong?


It's a candle the way the wheelie things are hoverboards. I think it's weird.


The shaft curves to the right.


I got another one for 826LA.


Stalwart warrior of our mountain secrets.


And where's beholder-face?


That one's cocked, I think.


We have come a long way. Is there any-- You know them better than us; we're out-of-towners. Any tips to specifically deal with your problem?


Take the flask, take the flask.


Look how far we've come, guys. (laughter)


Get behind Grog.


Much bigger.


Yes, look home. No, we can peek through a window. And we can try and go visit the Clasp.


We should have a feast.


It didn't attach itself to you now, did it, or anything?


Have a better sword than your piece of shit?


Ooh, that's good. 22


To be fair, we've killed dragons, so the fact that you actually managed to hold it together is actually quite impressive!


By the authorities?


Just think.


I'll take the first watch.


You fucked up a lot.


What’s Ulog’s job in this?


Yeah, I'm down.


Very carefully, I want to just peek in.


Undead strength.


Normally you don't want to get trapped in a room with something bigger and spinning with 12 blades. I think we'd be better off holding this choke point.


Oh, is that what we need to do?


Maybe it's supposed to be gold.


Okay. How do you propose?


Ethanmyhead just won one.


You're going to own a chain?


Not him. He's not in it. And I Hunter's Marked her.


Are we in mountains yet? So I have advantage?


That first one is an 18, so 25. And the second one is 15.


Roll for it!


Are the caves stone? Like the cave--


We can't even run away.


Jester is going to cast her Spiritual Weapon and put it right in the center of--


You didn't even have to write it down?!


Let's skip that one, please.


If they are steeped in tradition, the metallic dragonkin are more welcome in societies, more than the chromatic. As we've seen.


The minute I see a rope, I'll just let go and drop. So she can just keep moving.


Man. Thanks for not jumping in on that. It was very personal.


You don't heal. Hit him.


Sounds like exactly what you needed.


Oh, Identify.


I'm sorry, it was me.


Yes, darling, they are. They're attunable.


It's going to go great.


Handling or courting? (all laugh)


The first one (counting). Damn it. Seven plus three is ten. And the second one--


I love him so much. I love him!


Did you learn something new, Grog?


Fucking burn this guy down!


The bakery looks normal.


Okay, you have the trammel. No, Pike has the trammel. Scanlan, how many hit points do you have?


Yasha, you better fucking help us.


Okay. (nervous laughter)


That's what I was thinking. Maybe this isn't about destroying something. Maybe it's about planting something. If we destroy anything, the dragon's going to immediately blame the locals.


25. No, 33.


I'm running over to the door. I'm not crossing the threshold. I just want to see. I got darkvision.


And I'm just trying to visualize with the last ten minutes that I have of Control Water to clear the bottom of this passage.


And I-- can I shout anything?


All right, can I get up to poke it?


Yeah, we've got to start right now.


I'm sensing it.


(laughs) It is very reckless.


A Wok of Truth, maybe.


And also there's not a lot of hair there anyway, so.


Yeah, it does not glow.


Okay so the Crypts of (stumbles over words) Tholmeer? Crypts of Tholmayer and the Silted Veil.


He's stuck on the 5.


It's a sign he's going to turn on us at any moment.


She knows why went to hell.


I feel bad having Frumpkin be the one that's always putting himself in harm's way, thought I'd give him a friend. I'll send the specter towards the mouth of the tower.


Sorry. I didn't have time to write a new one. Apologies to our sponsor. But our second sponsor tonight is Backblaze. They offer unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs. You can restore from the web or via hard drive. They'll even overnight FedEx a drive to you, and because it's Christmas season, I wrote this. 'Twas the night before Critmas when I clicked on my mouse, but the drive wasn't whirring; it had said 'Adi-ouse'. When up from the cloud there arose such a sight, I knew in a flash that my shit was all right. As I spat out my plate of cold chicken kiev, down my chimney came a weird little elf named Lev. I said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, how'd you get in my place?" Lev gave me a wink and punched me in the face. And suddenly he fired up a pipe and started to restore my computer from a backup he carted. My documents, like slash fiction from My Little Pony. My photos, like me naked, covered in bologna. He mumbled that you can get backed up at once for a merry little fee of $5 a month-s. You even get 15 days free if you scroll over to backblaze.com/criticalrole. And just like that, my computer was on. Lev greased up his body, and bam, he was gone. But I heard him exclaim, "Peace out, yo, whassup! Happy Backblaze to all, don't forget to back up!" (cheering)


Yeah, let's go to Greyskull.


I'm going to shoot up and past by quite a bit.


What about Fort Daxio?


A blade forged from metal pulled from the Far Realm, it was the center of many dark rituals.


Well, now you're sharp.


Manshoon!


Tickles, both of them.


You'd have to roll a 12?


160 feet? If I got to my feet, that's half my movement.


Alone  I am Tome.


What kind of Viking are you?


Yeah, we're going to be doing, in honor of the new sets that have been happening everywhere, we're doing a secret headquarters where we're going to be talking about famous superhero headquarters and everything from like, old school stuff and the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, to the Titan's tower, all the fun stuff. It'll be cool.


We have too many people for the carpet and the broom.


Duke boys, sliding over the hood of the car?


Blame Gil.


Like it's invisible?


And bumblefucked our way out of it.


And you and Caleb.


Okay, I'll make the effect disappear.


This is why you're the boy wonder, and not Batman.


Shut up! An extra 11.


How long have you had yours?


Well, we don't really have a choice, we have to get the dragon.


Thanks, Tary. Look at you, you're so strong and knowledgeable now.


Seriously, though, put your dick away.


You? Struck out?


What's his name? Poof? Nugget?


Bear style.


I got it, Jester.


No, are we sleeping in the tree?


We don't need a ton of space, because we're never going to move more than six.


How are we going to deal with one of the largest dragons we've ever seen in the air? What are 40 goliaths going to do with something 500 feet above us, spitting bile from above?


Well, I have a lot of feelings about Raishan.


That was awesome. It was going great.


I mean, I'll pay for it.


I mean, we can still come in and out of the mansion.


Is he still sleeping?


Still feels weird.


Two regulars for Percy, two regulars for Keyleth.


Yeah, I leave the room.


Thanks, man! Thumbs up to the family, I'll run back to the group.


Where was Scanlan on the initiative order? Is he before me, or would he go after me?


Applause, applause, applause!


I scarcely know what to do with you. We'll get to the cat in a minute. I will so gladly introduce you to my cat because I'm very fond of him and love for people to meet him. But before we do that, the third suggestion is-- and I cast Suggestion-- I suggest you share any strange or unique or arcane objects or things even that are of threat with me just so I know that we are safe.


No, not with us in it. I don't think we can destroy the ziggurat, but I think we can at least make it extremely difficult to find and get to, and make it very uncomfortable for anything that tries to come through.


Is what Jester thought.


Huh? Oh. All right.


No, no. I-- Well, it's from a movie that I saw.


I'm not bothered. It seems like maybe--


Well, because of that flying potion, I wanted to try to do some research and see how much flying potions are, if there's any kind of items that can make you fly whenever you want?


I fly up.


Well, I don't see anything in the room, right?


You think it's an every day or every week or month occurrence? I think we're probably pretty special here.


Okay, next box.


Yes. Six seconds. We're all going to hold on to the rope and we all go.


Not at all, Sam!


Is provolone all you've got?


Perhaps you should, before you do anything. Just try and walk up.


You obviously have not heard the news from the traveling circus in town. From last night.


That's a 16 to hit.


No, you've got to go for the water.


I got to A, B, C. We'll work on it.


Maybe talk to them.


23, but I think because I'm wearing the hood or whatever--


Ooh! Your duplicate!


I will do that, if I could.


Oh, that's me. Every time!


(gasps) Spice Girls?


In the room where it happens?


Do sparrows see in the dark? They're daytime birds.


I crack my staff on the floor and I say Get fucking moving, then!


Well put!


There's three. What if Vandren and you and she have them?


You know what? We better let that foot heal. We better let it heal.


All right. Yes. Hi. Scanlan here. I'll do, (singing) It's Bigby's Hand! Bigby's Hand. Shamone. I'll just punch him in his dragon face.


Fuck, motherfucker!


I know. I know. Coffee hasn't kicked in yet.


Does anyone know where the lollipop is?


There’s a trapdoor.


So we still need a few people left.


Was that the fancy--


That's true. That we have to run in after and save them.


He stays.


I'm sure he's fine. Let's just go to Whitestone.


Which one?


We have no way of healing ourselves if we die, unless you have healing potions on you.


Infiltrate, perhaps. Call a favor.


Lionel, we'll talk about this later.


The Blazing Bowstring? Blazing Bowstring. Sorry. I only get two per short rest, so if we don't rest, then I don't get it again! Six lightning damage, plus nine, plus two. 11.


Second attack. Not as good. 12.


Ugh, four plus-- 18 damage.


No, it's really uncomfortable!


I chuckle and roll over and go back to sleep. Smile as I dig into my pillow.


Let's wait two minutes until the feed catches up.


Okay. But we're in the prison.


Is there resistance to anything on there?


So we go down.


There is no before. Whatever happened before is not me. It's not part of anything-- (sighs)


Where's Lockheed?


You see, it's like, it would look like this, but it's--


You don't get to negotiate that aspect. Even if we're just sneaking back into the house and stealing the armor, we're doing it as identical sextuplets. There's no fighting that anymore.


We're druids, there's gotta be trees within that camp, right? And stuff?


I thought it was like metaphorical that we were still in the temple and just having some elaborate, like a dream of life and we've all been in this temple all along and, I mean, that would have been really cool, although really convoluted the more I'm thinking about it. Doesn't make any sense.


That's Grog taint.


Do it here so they don't know which way we went.


No? Oh, right.


(counting) 20 for the first one. 30, with great weapon master.


Scanlan? Maybe now is the time for that door.


Does that Bigby's Hand vanish with the caster?


These fucking sensations today.


He's got to roll at disadvantage.


Do you know someone named Pumat Sol?


What did it roll? Sorry, I thought--


This one, yes.


Yeah, I like it!


I'm gone.


(singing) Sword up the butt!


I said for a spot of work.


Why not us? Why aren't we--


How are you going to see?


Between the Scanlans.


(screaming) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] [cheering]


Betraying bastard.


Well, I'm a little hurt.


I also still have Scanlan's.


Can I even see the lock or where the keys were?


The Fendir, is that what you said?


Does that mean I lose my turn?


You've got to let Vex go.


Community theater.


Can you bore two like, ghost holes in?


Cool! We've got that.


Myself and the twins, I suppose.


Tie it up to the mouth of the grate.


Oh, you think it's an it, not a he?


Are you doing any more of the wrestling with the arms?


Do I have a lockpick?


And if we go into the mansion, the first purple servant that hands me a salad, I behead unless it's the GoFiBePo.


What do you want me to say to them? I don't know.


What if we (blows air)?


And I Control Water.


Go for it, I'm just going to be like Shh, shut up! So go ahead.


Wakka wakka.


I have potions, too, but--


Um, okay. Can I figure out what is feeding the tree, what the tree, if the tree is consuming things around it, what is fueling the tree?


How's that fruit?


Brains!


Ere-way are the idden-hay assages-pay?


I'm just seeing you at Burning Man.


We hired somebody?


I'm going to signal them to come out.


I still have my Sleet Storm up. It's a concentration spell. I'm going to move it over there.


This mansion disappears in 24 hours, so you can't just hide in here.


It's jade, it's not glass.


You know what, Scanlan, you should probably bamf inside and see.


Give us 30 minutes. And then do it.


We can fix that.


Can I throw an arrow at him?


And then we won't know that you didn't get sucked under!


Jokes while you're doing that.


Your piece.


Fuck! Ugh. Okay, I'm going to--


On river time, what?


There's a library here. The Cobalt Reserve. It was just kind of smashed, but I wonder if there's still books there.


I can keep burning the fucking charges.


That wipes it. Right? Or a long rest wipes it.


I thank you so much.


Everyone, stop, why are we fighting? We just watched our city burn to the ground. What are we fighting over?


But also! Also, we have some other things!


Maybe for short we'll call him W.C.


It is also an option if we do get overrun.


A wink? Man, semantics!


Just make out with him!


Just that weird thing up front, nothing else.


Yeah, we'll get answers.


But you saw no footprints inside?


I would imagine the treasury room is where it can be.


He won't answer any of you.


Against magic?


And he's knocked prone.


I've known, the necklace hasn't gone.


Yeah, then you might survive that one? Only if you turn into a goldfish and fall onto the ground. It's fine.


There's reasons. Maybe we need to battle them at the Sun Tree.


There seems to be some distortion going on. I'm doing that thing with the wolfman where I'm miming a lasso and pulling him closer to me to dance closer.


That is certainly one to grow on.


It's not a lie.


Elaina would be proud of you. I'm proud of you.


Yeah, I'm pretty sure I can do better than this guy. I mean, he's really imposing and strong. Also, guys, not to split hairs here, but his boss is literally right there, listening to us. So maybe we shouldn't be talking about recruiting his employee.


I guess I’ll do that.


All right. So we're starting as bats. Bats?


They'll see me shining with my shiny armor.


And he betrayed us?


It's deliberately con-- are they looking for nine people?


All right, I'm going to send you the psychic information of where we are right now.


He really doesn't ask much. Just average run-of-the-mill fight stuff. Be true to thy friend. This one is nothing to worry about.


Two different ones. And it's an automatic...


Pike, Keyleth, meet me in my-- I'm going to walk and attempt to gently scoop the skull up and put it behind me.


Okay, have fun.


Yeah, the gray. And that's 28?


I have a task for you, if you have the time and energy for something a bit quiet, but necessary.


Whoa, sparkles!


Wagon's ready. I've even attempted to hide some of the contraband and otherwise. I packed well.


Are there any tapestries or curtains in the castle?


These bodies, compared to the ex-champion of the Raven Queen, do these bodies seem even older? More decayed? Do we have any sense for how old these fuckers are?


That would be nice.


Oh, friendly bear?


Okay, okay!


Am I prone?


First one is 32 to hit.


No it's not, it's a ballerina.


Hey, we started something; we can't stop.


We had the talk. I’m willing to let it slide.


Wait, is he dead? (all laugh)


Caduceus, how much is salt worth to you? Like on a scale of money to nothing?


Not there at all.


Why are you following us? And by the way, even though I am totally naked, I still look like--


The whisper! The first whisper!


But in a charming way.


It's a rather large cube, but, listen, all right, she's-- she's-- we're related. We're related.


I walk up to the guard. (regal voice) It's a late night, not much action this evening. See anything unusual?


Hahaha, good one, that was a good one. Hazing. Who doesn't love hazing, right?


Oh, sweet Jesus.


But I'm still on the rock. I still want to be on the rock.


No, I'm feeling it. And, my workshop, obviously, is your workshop for as long as you stay here. Anything you need to work on, of course, it's fully available.


Yeah, the thick fucker.


What we don't want to do is spread out too much and get fucked.


I'm going to turn around and be like (splat).


And it’ll just be really quiet?


Ugh. Gross, Molly.


Did you say Drudy?


Wave my drink underneath his nose. Hey hey hey! I pop it off.


Yes, oh-- Sam!


Do you wanna do that, Grog?


I haven't used it in a while, and I don't have my thing.


It tastes like wolf and ogre.


Goodbye!


So they're all still alive, all the oozes are still alive.


Wait, how many points?


Sister Vex? Do you mind giving me that gun again?


He kicks the hammer.


Bad show, mate.


Oh yeah, that was a good story.


Ooh! You mean I can-- oh, sorry. (laughter)


Pit fiend's turn.


How we came up with Vox Machina? Is that the question?


Yeah. I'm going to point at his dick, and I'm going to go: Tiny thing! Then for my action, I'm going to take the dodge action.


You got your weasel on your back?


Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat.


(as Jester) "(clears throat) Caleb, I have a question."


Good. Yeah. You're going to go by yourself.


I make myself look like the male version of the elven woman that Jester did in a similar high collared clothing.


That's funny and useless, but okay.


Why don't we call them out, then? Why don't we make them come outside? We have more abilities outside.


Mind bullets!


It's working.


He did not know our name, but he has seen us.


Sure. (sniffs) (laughter)


Oh, they're in front of us?


Yeah, just a little.


It's amazing!


What are you fucking doing?


The thing is, we know that--


It's a d10, right?


Like Rick Moranis in Ghostbusters 2.


(laughing) I don't know.


Plank. Hold your abs.


(whispers) They're sagging.


I'm gonna get close enough to at least make out some detail.


But when I moved Matt, I want to move toward it, not away.


Solon?


A lot of Sandmen in there.


And there's no point in rebuilding--


That is some of the best advice I've ever heard leave your mouth.


From above?


So Grog's body is still there--


Oh my goodness! Matthew Mercer?!


And this thing is undead?


How well did you know Kylre?


They can see it, but they can also be like: oh, this isn't real.


As we start-- are we walking back towards the tavern? As we walk, I--


Yeah, are we going to use the levitating thingies?


Oh, sorry, go ahead.


Sounds close e-fucking-nough.


Yeah, everybody still has Pass Without a Trace.


It's a minus two.


We’re losing our audience. Ring it up.


Please, impress us.


It was very frightening.


Should one of us go in one and one of us go in the other?


After they go, I call back to the kitchen and I say: to choose the first song will be the lovely gentlemen who have prepared our food for the evening! Please come out here and choose a song for us!


As soon as we step outside, I barf all over the floor. (all laugh)


Forever?


Yeah, if it's easy. Yeah.


It was 25,000.


19 probably fucking hits. Yes.


Can I pull the attack to not do as much damage? I mean, other than the way I usually roll dice. Can I hit her with like the blunt side of the axe--


Okay! 21.


Ironschlager.


Oh, I know Sylvan. I know Sylvan. Hey! How do you feel?


I'm going to cast Dancing Lights and send four globules up around the roof so that everyone can see everything perfectly.


Oh! Heroes' Feast.


Yeah, but it might be worth it. We don't even know what the Core Anvil looks like.


You owe me a cask of ale.


Oh, just pick one.


Ack.


Oh! (unhappy humming) Her fucking eye is still moving.


What are we doing, are we waiting, are we going? I-- I'm going to sling a dagger. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste. I did? Then I'm going to sling a dagger.


Yes! Totally.


Oh my god, thank you so much!


Unless he can halve it or something.


We got two sticks!


Not phone calls, just a look.


Do you know what he looks like?


Oh, double damage, okay.


And is that doubled too?


The rest are other tools.


And we haven’t discussed our discount.


This one's called "Whisper-Sync."


Ooh. That's not great.


You know when people poke you in the sternum with their finger? I do that with the Titanstone Knuckle really hard.


Just at one.


It would have been in the sack.


I think you could snap me like a twig.


I'll go fwoosh, right up against the flat side, right below Keyleth, pressed against the wall there.


Hold our wrath.


That's one better than I usually roll. I'd say it's twice as good as I usually do.


I rolled 14.


It's very salty.


Boon.


I'll go last. It'll be fine.


I think it's a scam, and I throw it away.


Try to get some rooms.


Animal Shapes. What are you looking at?


And then he became a vampire. Is that where they're spawning?


So will you.


Could I do a Mass Cure Wounds before I go? Because I was going to do that right last minute.


Temperature equal on both sides?


A really big one.


It looks so painful!


Maybe. Nott, will you have a look at it first?


We're going to go see the pyramid.


I really noticed--


But that didn't help nearly as much as we thought it would.


I do have darkvision.


They made an emote for Ashley?


I'm swimming up.


No, he's doing an arcana check.


I can cast it, I just will lose a spell slot.


I only did three cards.


Scanlan, that's only your relationships!


Just curl up in the fetal position.


If you can't kill the old, terrify the young.


But he's expecting it.


He's casting!


I'm going to make better notes soon, I'm just going to-- Two heavy crossbows, two light--


She wants to take it back. Why? If it's that bad, why does she want it?


Archibald Desnitt?


Was that 26?


Shit. My voice carries. Are you all right here for one minute? I have to go perform an interview real fast.


Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple, named Lord and Lady Briarwood, came to court. During a feast held in their honour, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods’ men. As they ran, Percy’s sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gun cocks and fires)


Yeah, I'll pick up the Bloodaxe out of the Bag of Holding and start attuning to that again. Old trusty Bloodaxe.


Yeah, can we? Grog.


Don’t go.


There's a d4 negative also.


Yeah, Molly and I take the lead on the horses.


I already gave my shade, I'm done. Honestly, that was all I needed.


Pike, you sure about this?


Don't worry, Caleb, I'm okay.


We were just looking at the temple, trying to get an idea of what it was.


Quietly!


His head has muscles.


What you say is correct. These are the first moments after us finding out, this is a first step. But being members here and seeing what your people can do [no audio] I know this is just a first step, and we're about to enter Vasselheim proper, but--


I've always wanted to be a dog toy!


We learned so much.


C'mon, Trink.


We just need a little chunk of prison lock.


(high-pitched) I'm okay. I'm a fucking sailor; I'm okay. I miss Grog!


Should we kill them?


Ja. (groans) That it is a-- oh no, that's okay. It's a 13.


We got back in the middle of the night. No real job here.


I had a dream, and that was all.


I'll take a look at these for arcana.


Yeah! Yeah, maybe it's soft and cushy!


And I get a bonus if I'm actually back at the keep.


I've been drinking a lot of water.


Code word.


Grog! Are you hurt?


Should've broken his fingers, too.


Be well. Be well, my son.


I'm going to use Healing Word, oh shit, what just happened?


Fibulous.


I'm going to run just up past Keyleth, I'm going to look at her as I pass. Not bad. Keep going, stop there, and now I'm going to try to sense traps.


17 plus sneak attack-- 18.


This bowl that I am talking about can be used to speak to one of the most evil entities in the history of creation, so I think it warrants another 12 hours of waiting to get to the bottom of things.


Yeah, no, we're in.


Sploosh!


That old lady has to die!


Some of us are trained killers for sure, and we have picked up help as we have seen fit. Everyone has been carefully selected, carefully vetted. I'm sure that with your input on their mannerisms and habits, their routines, we will do quite well.


"Barkeley!"


Can I take my last little bit of Stone Shape residual energy and take that mustache Vax drew on--


But I mean do we swim?


You need more incense?


Fucking hell. I start to take the fucking bed up the stairs.


I'm going to hop back through the window.


Not in town on your level.


Were you gone all night?


We'll actually in theory beat the letters that we sent. That's okay; we have proof.


Would I know that it's made of platinum, just from glancing at it and feeling it?


I'm on the other side.


Oh, nice job.


Oh, I was planning on totally watching that, too.


Can I War God's Bless it?


Someone should go with him and we get the valuables off.


How's my burrowing going? 200 feet.


You don't have any feet left. (all laugh)


The second attack is 24.


Can we aid you?


No. I'm sorry. But I do have this pickle in my bag.


I mean, we put Caleb's Alarm across it, but still.


No, I think the army would see it.


(groans) Damn it, Grog.


We've only got two weeks. Fuck.


Very, very nice talking to you again. I'm glad that it's not awkward at all.


I'll halve that.


This is a ten-minute huddle?


He's even more unconscious now.


A handkerchief to put over the light.


I have no reason for it, but I scroll through it when I'm by myself.


You know how that town crier was talking about kids being stolen? You think they're connected?


No, I got it because I'm fucking in my favored terrain. (all laugh)


Yeah, that'll work.


Should we do something with this body?


I need you with us. Not with her. I need you with us, and with me. So let me do this. And I'm going to burn my 9th-level spell and cast Foresight on Vax.


No vanilla extract or sprinkles?


Oh, I wonder if we can hide under the carriages and just ride in.


Should we sit here and wait for a while?


I played a lot in school. Other than Matt, I probably had the most experience playing D&D, and playing roleplaying games.


I do! I want to (doop doop doop) like Mario in the water world, and I want to go up on top of the kraken's face, and I want to punch him in his stupid big eyeball with the dwarven thrower.


We are gonna fight the shit out of them.


Is he still high? Are you still high? Are either of you still high?


Welcome to the club!


Ahh! (laughter)


We'll go look.


I'm going to hold my dash action, then, until I see that he's safe. Or at least he's away from them, so we can get going.


He said my name right!


Shifty yeah, may be an act, even.


Hundred Grogs long?!


They need more sugar here.


So they're not that far away, then?


We've got the one from the guy whose head we just crushed.


You want to all be peasants again? Can we not just disguise ourselves in tattered clothes?


Liam, how do you remember when to use Luck?


Hey guys!


Give it a shot.


Can you flank it?


Listen to Ashley. We're also really close to another giveaway, guys. If you guys subscribe, I think we're only like ten away from another giveaway, a large giveaway, which is a signed Player's Handbook and a signed photo of the cast. And every 50 we'll do a giveaway until the show's over tonight. We will not be going late, so just keep in mind, guys, don't send Geek & Sundry messages upset that your message wasn't read. We'll get to it next time. We appreciate you guys donating and Lucas, go ahead and go to drop cam. Yeah, go drop cam. [break]


Fuck.


Who's real stealthy?


If I may?


I'm judging you, Laura Bailey. (laughter)


As much time as it takes.


I'm running out stealthing, after him.


Doesn't matter, it's too cool! You make mayonnaise out of that all the time!


It's a Mighty Nein thing!


Just nod or nod.


No, he didn't! That's why you shook your fucking head.


I'm just reading these names on this wall!


It's cheeky.


Gold up front or you don't join us.


Yeah, what's up with those bracers?


All right, 24.


Can she tap?


That does help!


What. You?


Do you know the muffin man?


Do we have a stick in the bag?


While the DM looks this up, everyone, subscribe to the Geek and Sundry twitch channel! Support the show, support the channel.


Laura had to bugger out.


Oh, again? Man, we're going to run into everything.


So, hearing him go (grunts) and seeing a spark right in front of me, I start knifing at that point.


With the fucking glove of blasting, that we took off the thing, can I go (grunting) and fire all three of the Scorching Ray balls at the spider?


I agree with that sentiment. Thank you for your generosity, and your connections.


Is this fancy enough for a Heroes' Feast?


(laughs) Uh, yeah. That definitely hits.


Give him just the armor.


Should we loot? Should we loot them, first? (laughs) That would be in poor taste.


Don't you want to walk with them?


That's true, yeah. My cloak gives you disadvantage.


Same number.


You got the Nutter Butter box!


Or day, whenever the heck.


Okay, so within evil, there is chaos versus order is kind of the internal conflict of evil.


I have Healing Word.


Yasha winks at Beau.


And I put it on your lapel or your little strap that counts as a-- I just put it in a belt loop.


I have little indoor fans, like I'm a baseball mascot.


Desmond. Desmond? Desmond!


Here!


Oh, for them to move on.


That was like two minutes.


Yeah, if you would switch characters.


See you later, smart ass.


Light! (igniting sound)


This is a tent. What do I do? Do I knock? Do I shake it? I'm not sure. Scratch?


Oh, 16?


Awesome! And that is badass. Nine, 17. 22. 22 with the fire damage.


We were told there was a beautiful sculpture down the street of the ruler of Kraghammer?


It's a family residence where Kynan lives. Are there bedrooms?


I'm at three.


Smart fog.


I totally forgot about that.


That's everything combined.


Ten, 16, 18, and then any attacks in the future-- the next attack has advantage.


I'm buying a ticket to the no pants dance after this. 20, 22.


Ugh, 15.


You could be sitting in a cell by yourself doing fuck-all, or ending this problem now.


I sing Taylor Swift songs and all that.


Did you take it with food or did you just put it in your system?


Find it on the ground?


You don't know them?


Don't bring that-- don't mess with that thing.


14 for me, acrobatics.


For each one? How many are there?


It's called Plane Shift, I can shift it into its own little pocket dimension where it'll stay and nothing else can get to it.


He wouldn't have seen you get shoved in, but he would have seen me in the hallway at this point, if he passed her.


I'm meeting Trinket, and I'm going to lay-slash-nap on his back.


Let's go to the next one.


A surprise attack is going to be one of our best shots at grounding this thing.


Aww, no, not at all. That is a three.


This is going to be appalling. Don't.


I don't know if that's going to happen, dear. I sort of made a promise to your queen. Could you hear it on the other side?


I don't see shit.


Could I have, before we went to sleep, sent a message to my mama, letting her know we might be passing through?


No, other way. So I have a view of Keyleth, the creature, and Grog. I'm going to throw Whisper-- I've got sharpshooter-- at that thing, and bamf there.


I swat him in the back of the head for the bartender to see.


Can I also start pulling out the remaining eight expensive-ass bottles of wine from the bag of holding?


You can call us Mox Vachina.


Oh, it smells. You boys did a number in this room. Okay. (laughter)


Don't jinx it. Don't jinx it.


Yeah, okay. I can get this done in about an hour, I think. First, Nott, will you take the scroll case and put it on the other side of the room?


Let's drive a tree. It'll be fun.


Roughly how many?


You are the worst of us.


Yeah, so we all get three. We all get three gold pieces. I'm keeping the extras.


Yeah. Now we're doing it again.


It is permissible, is what they're saying here.


It's a hollow die. There's nothing to be weighted on it. It's a wiffle die.


Four out of seven!


(deep voice) Show me what you've learned.


All right. Oh wait, quick announcement.


He is. And this crew is lucky to have you.


Okay, eight.


(deep voice) Sorry, my voice is even deeper now! Sorry.


Which he probably can't.


No. You all look quite lovely today, and we will leave you to your business.


Oh shit, it's a foot and a half. Nugget, come back here. Blink to me, darling, blink to me!


We don't turn invisible.


She was very quick, yeah.


Yeah, it's fancy pants.


I should have drawn a pile of poop. I draw a pile of poop next to it.


Oh gosh!


Something with a little bed for me.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (loud roaring) With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, (sword slicing) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Thanks, Lyra


Okay. I keep flying for a little bit longer.


It's Yasha's sword.


But you were courting her two days ago.


In the volcano?


Yeah, yeah. Sorry, the ooze.


Parking garage, that's where it's at.


Now available in the merch store!


That's not even the crit!


Yeah, I start looking around to see if there's hidden chambers, loose stones in the wall--


I will take four.


Let’s do both, one on each.


You're phenomenal!


Sorry! (chuckles)


We're all doing stealth checks?


No, no element.


Bikini islands.


Are we reading right now?


Glad you're not dead. Really glad you're not dead.


It's in the scroll.


Yeah, but this guy's mean!


(whispering) Do not see me!


All right, well then let's do that.


And you're going back to pick up the others?


(Scottish accent) I love Loch Anus! It's very muddy. Very muddy. Well, it is! I put my nose in it. (all make sounds of dismay)


Past 30 feet from the wall, from the edge of town, what kind of cover is there? Is there any?


I pick the dialogue choice in the Telltale Game, where I say -


We're keeping things safe.


11 strength. Okay… Oof!


(growling noises)


Oh, here we go.


You're not with us, are you?


So much math with this thing.


That's no sharpshooter because that sucked. That's better! 28 to hit.


Oi! You lot! I just had a thought.


I hover about-- what's bone break?-- around six feet above the air. That's how high I take it.


Actually, yes. Throw a dead body in the room.


Natural 20 for Pike! Oh wait, she gets disadvantage.


Theo.


Visibility?


What's the D&D equivalent of a glowstick?


Taliesin just made a robot.


I was just trying to go see a man about a wish. The trouble just comes to us.


That is-- ooh! Ten damage.


I'm going in the cart.


And dies?


I'll use the meteorite. That's a 15.


Is there a link in the chat or something, so that--


With some asshole swinging you from side to side.


Lucien Nonagon.


Expensive-ass bottles of wine.


We're already ready to leave at a moment's notice.


Damn it! Fjord, what was that? What was that? That's not how you talk to a woman!


I know it's probably fuck-all, but I'm going to pull out the Flametongue Dagger and try to use it as a shitty-ass--


And thank you, Loot Crate.


Acid Splash. Cali's going to spit a glob of acid.


Oh, god. He just keeps adding them!


Well Frumpkin wasn't getting sucked in, was he?


Sounds like you had fun.


How about in return, I will sing your praises far and wide as the greatest artist in-- where are we? Whitestone. Whiteheart. Briarstone. Heartwood.


Where is some lava? I would much like to do that.


15. Plus two.


There's no chance you could remove the stone from the middle of the floor and have them fall?


We're doomed.


You want to be an angel?


It's fine.


(strained) Cool, yep.


What did you just do to him, Pike?


What are we doing, going after this Vestige when-- can any of us even use it?


Or we could old-school bury it under a tree, right? Mark it? Same diff.


So we're all going to look like Vax?


Oh, I'm very excited.


Sorry, I think that was my fault, you guys.


Why would you save her? She turned those people into zombies.


Divine Fury is an extra--


Actually, there's two tunnels, right?


Now as that happens, I want to cast Mage Hand and I want to cast Light on it, and I want to slowly have it drift down there.


Ace and Gary.


Oh, is that true?


Okay, that's good. I'm going to get that rod out and click it.


It's up to Ashley if she wants to.


Two days?


We're learning, we're learning things.


Or a brass claw toe. That's fun. Maybe we could get you a raptor claw. That's cool.


We do. It's October, which is wonderful and great. We're going to be covering monsters. We're doing monster books. We're going to be talking about the origins of Groot and some of the big creepy monsters of yesteryear, and some modern creepy monster books. I, Vampire, and etc. Fun.


It does, but it says you can spend one ki point to take the disengage or dash action as a bonus action.


Nope. Three.


We're also doing a Thanksgiving costume contest. (laughter)


(gasp) It's just such an honor.


You're our cannon.


He's tucking.


I've seen airships, okay? I've seen them.


That's what heighten spell does.


Fuck me! No!


We have to get across the river, regardless?


Bear-ly? (groaning)


Want me to throw it on the roof?


Can I hold the rest of my action and look at Scanlan and say, hey, Scanlan! Could you give me a lift?


I would like to cast Earthquake--


Then I'm going to see if I can catch any reverberations off of the rug.


Can she take it off at the casino, though?


She did surrender. I'm just thinking, maybe we go in, she gets paid, she keeps her reputation, and then you can--


How long would it take to get us in mist form?


We've got our awesome telekinetic earrings.


I ask the duck, how deep is the cave-in?


What're you looking at?


I'll use Luck. 28.


The third word you said?


When we were investigating, we were--


I mean, Percy gave it to me, but it's mine.


We know what happened to him now, though.


Can I give-- no I can't, I'd have to go and give it to him, wouldn't I?


Yeah. Then we will take them home eventually.


It's like noon in our internal clock, probably.


Okay. So I forget how to do that. I roll to attack. Why is this so hard?! Okay, 18!


Do I have a keepsake? I don't think so.


Nondescript bullshit.


Let's go spread the good word about Westruun, and the great things happening in sewers there.


To help rebuild?


But do you feel better though?


What doesn't?


Your room is the one covered in rose petals.


Okay. Straight dex? Don't fuck me, Gil! 14.


Like a lever, like a switch, or anything.


You could ride me into town.


Okay, I'll cast Healing Word on Scanlan.


What do we do now, Fjord?


While it's reloading, I'm going to jam some ball bearings in with my other hand and try to break it.


Did it seem like a perfect circle, Zahra, or was it jaggedy?


Goddamn it, fuck, balls and shit. 13.


Okay, start looking. Can we both see, because we both have darkvision?


I am the wrong one to ask.


So that's an automatic fail. So thank god I passed, because I would have just died!


Was it? Sorry.


You're frightened? Oh no, it's a bad trip.


It's in Zemnian. Partially.


Oh sure. Yeah, I'll cast Cure Wounds on him.


I saw Max holding that tubing. Should have asked. Should have known.


I do a bit of a Gust spell ahead of us to clear the path, give him a little more visual line of sight.


Lot of guys in bands. Yeah.


I do have happiness!


Did you ever use that moonhammer I gave you?


As opposed to the cows? Come on.


Jump on my back.


So it creates things. It creates money, it creates gems, and it creates holes to--


I don't move, either. Do we not move or do we run?


If I eventually catch it, I give Nott the room number.


Oh, that is a lot of fun.


Why don't I go see how much progress he's made? And I stick my skull out the door again and see how far he's gotten.


It's so good!


Just lost the southern tip.


Wisdom, yes. 14. Not a high mark.


No! I never leave. This is the first time I've left my family.


No, mine's just 20.


Where's your pet? Let's go find some shit out.


Have you tried Turn Undead?


Just in case, I grab some chopsticks and I catch one.


Oh, okay. Well, I meant the necklace, but.


Do I have to be doing a short rest to do the Inspiring Leader thing?


We sparked a hope in people. We now have innocent peasants, people who are not fighters--


Yeah, I hope we didn't-- I hope you weren't sleeping.


And a bite-sized 100 Grand bar, Snickers bar, Milky Way, Twix, another bite-sized Snickers bar, a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, and a packet of Big League Chew.


Little bits go.


We've seen her sing dozens, hundreds of times. Nothing like this has ever happened. I've seen people sit in the front row hundreds of times. Nothing like this has ever happened.


Yeah. As the cat's claw starts digging down, I'm looking for-- the glaive wasn't left, right? He took it with him?


I ask around and see if Dairon is there.


Shit history.


(slow-mo voice) --the candle--


Such a scoundrel.


Yeah, I know they're all there, and it shoots a cone of arrows at them.


You don't want to be exhausted.


Oh, please. I have no idea. I definitely have zero idea.


19 times two? Is what?


Yeah, so does everything.


"Dear Critical Role and Geek and Sundry team, huge thanks to all of you for having us on your show, promoting our charity and supporting the DX15 campaign." Which is the Deus Ex campaign we were doing. "Your support truly made a difference in the campaign and Taylor and Jim had an awesome time in your studio. So cool!!!" Three exclamation points. "We would love to work together in the future and hope that someday all of you or some of you can join us at the hospital and deliver gifts and joy and inspiration to the young patients and show your gaming-- show how gaming plays such a critical role in their treatment." I accept that challenge, I will do that. "Much love, from Gamechanger, Jake Hearst and Jim Carroll." Flipside-- Oh, Zac, pay attention. "We bought Final Fantasy Type 0 for a giveaway during the Deus Ex thing, but never got a chance to promote it. So we would like to offer it to you and the team members could give it away to your audience any way you'd like." Zac. "So no strings, just a thank-you gesture, token of appreciation, and love to all the Critters out there."


(distorted) How do you guys feel?


That was a terrible person.


Is the staff that the--


You dropped Whitestone.


Can I hold my attack until a trigger?


It's just fecal matter, it's not like it's--


Doesn't affect range, it just affects your chances.


Yeah, the Traveler's teaching me all about it and I think I can do it.


I think there's one in Seattle.


He has so many dice, it's crazy.


Can I raise a point, Taliesin? Do you have anything to keep you from falling if he attacks you on that ravine?


I’m going to keep that.


Oh! That's so wrong!


How was that ten, baby? That was 11. The first one was a five.


Well, it belongs to the great evil, and so it's possible that we can use it to defeat him, so if we don't have it, we might not be able to do that.


Oh, that's shit. I only rolled an 11.


Necromancers.


About how long, though?


Well, it's still there technically, just crumbled.


We get the guards out, we get the people out.


Yes, you're finally ready to make amends, et cetera.


It's 64.


That's nothing. It's nothing at all.


I'm here more than you these days. You better hide that thing.


We're asleep?


I can't believe we're not all dead.


Okay. Shaun, you do so much for us. We do nothing for you. Is there anything we can bring back for you or messages to give to someone there?


Once everyone clears out of the room, I will try and remove it.


On my birthday? Come on! What are the chances?


Rusty. Rusty Trombone?


No! Would you stop it, Lyra? Come on!


Yes. Exactly.


I have one more plan, just to throw it out there.


Cassandra betrayed him.


If you want to just swim and back. You're going to swim and come back?


Yeah, but we can't get out of range of the ring unless we want to--


I mean, I read a poem about her.


Well, okay, all right, so zing, you got me.


Kima would help us, but she's stone.


No, you've had more than one. We've been counting.


Just goggles.


Why don't we do it old school and just crash here for the night? That way, Tary can take his time and in the morning we (hiccup) oh god I got so much burps-- Then in the morning we can head back out.


We're outdoors? We've left the temple?


He and his pansexual adventures throughout comicdom. Excelsior. It's going to be fun. It'll be a thing.


I can't do anything too much.


(laughs) That reaction.


The first one is 15 plus six points of necrotic damage. 21.


It's good to eat.


That's available in the store.


Fucking brain! Knowledge is power. For reals!


Yeah, because we should kill the more powerful guy.


Ow! Ow!


That is eight for the second.


They already believe that the circus is terrible. I think they were just going to confirm their own suspicions.


They don't like cats here in the Tri-Spire.


Yes, Pike, we made a deal for anything we found in the house.


Yes, chatroom.


How far away is she? We're in broad daylight.


No, but I whistle for him. He knows to listen for it.


Sadly, I don't have that sort of specifics. That's much more expensive.


No, I'm just going to start wading towards the other side.


(deep voice) Whee!


It's probably good you didn't pull it out.


Oh shit. All right. Partners, right? I'll do whatever you say.


Insight check. Is he full of shit? I rolled-- Oh, nothing too hot at all. Never mind, forget it. Forget I said anything.


The will-o'-wisps.


I don't have it near me.


And the spikes are facing inward towards the city, or outward?


I need an intelligence bump is what I need. Boomp!


Proficiency, tinkering, plus the--


We are professional robot dismantlers.


You're a member?


This is the worst?


They are the Hong Kong Cavaliers still at the ready.


Hello, Traveler! I don't hear anything.


A guard shift would be the most opportune time to attack. When they're changing shifts.


(air horn) I'm going to pop around the corner. Pop around, and I'm going to go towards where Nott is. Keep going. Do I see anybody to my left?


Beau gives a crack.


Text Ashley.


Shut up, Sam!


Didn't peg you for a flowers type of girl.


Okay, that's going to be 31.


It looks perfect on you.


Hey. This is my friend.


Sorry about my friend, Balgus. She's just so impressed with your muscles. We've heard amazing things about you here.


Is it for food?


Aloha!


Plus.


It's very aerodynamic.


Three miles?


All right. Well, don't trust anyone.


Ten foot by ten foot panels.


I'm awake.


We would be exhausted.


It's oddly painful.


Okay well I'm going to back up, because he can't take a strike at me, right?


And then Trinket rolled a 21.


We've got to get through the wall.


Yeah, sure. You want to shoot an arrow for me, love?


Scanlan Shorthalt, tell me now why I shouldn't feed you to Trinket.


Hell, upgrades all around, bitches. Last one.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear, her own stolen Trinket, to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable and gives expert massages.


My god, you've found the line, and I've drawn it.


Yeah, I have bad experience with fungus.


That's all I can do. Leave something for me!


Oh, shit. Are they all on one? Do I see anything?


Go faster without a spare horse.


No, I was just going to hit it with my stick until the lock broke, or hit the lock with Sacred Flame or something fun. Just blow it.


Before we mount this attack, I'm going to swim up to Caleb and say: I'm glad you forgot about us before, it means you're thinking about them, but I won't stop thinking about you and I'll give him one of the healing potions. Take this.


Oh, me? My alignment's good.


She can do it on the road.


I'm not supposed to have tuna! (laughter)


I can hide under the horse.


A letter?!


Come on. Let's go get some sunlight.


I hate water! (laughter)


(strained) Oh, I don't know what to do. Well, do you want to pull one or should I pull one? Or should we not?


Hello, guy.


I do have advantage on them because of mage slayer, just in case.


Darts away?


It happened in the past.


You know, if you're going to be traveling with us for a while, I have a few suggestions.


(strained voice) That was real cool.


Well, we just came to say goodbye; we're probably rolling out of town soon. And, you know, I mean, if you had an extra crossbow lying around.


I'm going to take my dagger out, and I'm going to shave trimmings from his fur and his whiskers. I'll take those.


Basically.


Oh, wow, this is happening.


How would we do that?


Oh no. He's going to pull some shit.


What do I roll? I'm doing it through my Horn of Clarity or whatever.


I walk over to Gilmore for a second.


You know what's upstairs? (laughter)


Dirty rags?


I do have my idol of Pike, yes!


No, just roll a d20.


Ysgard?


(Pigeon cooing)


Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


The lightning came out of here?


See, Trevor done put his fucking nose where it didn't belong. Unless you want to join him, I'd get the fuck out of here.


Yeah? How did you know it was going to rain? I mean, other than the obvious, gray skies.


Isn't that for looking through?


The guy!


I'm going to hold my turn until I can fucking see to cast Vow of Enmity and attack.


Oh, did we already say that? I'm just blanking.


Water. Wine.


Well, it's really good bread.


Just like Fjord. (laughter)


As long as everything is on the up and up, and as long as we do not catch you in deep deceit.


I really think the first couple tips should be to me because I really set up the room for you.


I knew you were going to ask that.


Poke it with your stick!


Will she realize you can see her through the poop?


I did almost die, which was pretty awesome.


Yes. House gone. The imp gone. Burny, burny. Sad, sad. Pray, nothing happened. Now I'm blue. That's a day for you, isn't it?


There's a house we're supposed to plunder, and we should plunder it.


It's like the Hulk is attacking the chat.


What do you want to do after this, Grog? Say we get back from hell. What's the next step for you? I mean, we're going to party, that's a given, but, like, are you done with the Herd?


We need to kill some dragons, and we are out of everything. You've been here a while. Have you found anything of the Briarwoods? Any store of treasure or potion or anything of use?


All right. Do I have time to assess and see that she's dead?


5d4 times two plus five?


Really? And is it true that you live hundreds of years, and--


It's not a bad idea.


Seafood. You must have some on you; you're of the sea. I love shrimp, and I never get a chance to get any, we're so landlocked in here. I love the taste of the sea!


We don't know what all is safe right now.


With all the chalk and everything.


Do we sense any kind of movement around us or anything?


We do something.


Yeah. Is that a Xhorhasian thing?


Thank you, Gil! That's doubling dice damage. Big money, come on! Six plus four: ten.


Where does Shakäste put the gold?


Thanks. This is fun, guys. All right, then I'm going to save--


You can see in pitch black, right?


Molly, if I will, I feel like our money should still buy something, you know, a service. We teach these good men to make money based on the services they provide.


What kind of feet does it have again?


They're just normal weapons. There's a Greatsword of Frenzy, but--


(choking, bursting)


Oh, sorry, did I miss that section?


Parkour.


You're going to have to help us clean at least our personal belongings.


Sure. I'll use Guiding Bolt.


(sings) Oh, Sondur... (stops singing) We're walking forward, we're walking forward.


That might be the last natural one of this campaign. You have to scream it from a mountaintop, man.


Ooh. Is there a super clear one that she could try to go through first?


I'll do the same thing.


4d4.


Okay, so this means, anything we encounter, if it's not fucking Vecna, then we're barreling through it and going straight up. Because we've burned everything.


Oh, cool. That's cool. Cool story.


The Divergence is threatened. Your guards, your creatures, have some of our proof in their care, at the moment.


Wait, no. I have Landstride, which means I don't slow against any land.


I'm not an idiot! (laughter)


Oh, do we have one? We have one.


It's vegan here. We serve a lot of beans.


(whispering) Hey, let's run back to town.


He has to do something.


She kills at night.


Angry writer.


You have to wear this fucking hat every time you fly. (all laugh)


I knew she would be taken care of, and I wasn't sure about you.


We’ve got three.


Are you done with the jug? Can I have that back, please?


We did have one.


Duck down low!


Oh that definitely hits.


I pull her further away. She won't expect it, but she is a fucking ancient being.


I'm also just trying to stay underneath her as best I can.


76.


Countess Anna Ripley.


It was a good moment for Grog.


A little granny painting furiously.


Anything you do, we will turn into preschool, Matt.


I'll go to the third one. Ooh, that's better! 28.


Me? Oh gods.


We can see the window, we pick one of the sides, I don't know, west side.


Oh! Great, great. I don't know how to use swords!


I don't know what the attack bonus is with the axe.


Yeah, ghostslayer!


I was behind.


I'm an Air Ashari.


What else have you found in there? Is there anything else? Did you already look at everything?


I totally thought you were just doing the "went down the chimney."


Can we check?


Wait. Say that again.


I didn't need it. 25 on the dot.


Goddamn it. Okay, are we rolling that? All right, nine additional points of necrotic?


In the moorlands, there's some.


Mmm. Okay.


That was strangely manic and desperate.


Well, all right. I'm sure it's probably a "Sincerely."


Oh, this was preexisting, actually. Unfortunate home chemistry set accident.


Well, what do we see?


I don't know if excited is the word.


Not a lot is going to get a dragon shaking in its claws.


Fjord does this mean I'm not the most abrasive person in the group any more?


If you feel it start to fade we'll find some cover and let you--


Let's take another one. Just in case because Jesus fucking Christ.


Studded armor leather plus two.


Is it transparent?


Now you guys get the fanart!


I don't know what you mean, consume? Fuck it, I'll turn the blade over and keeping my eyes on the big eye, I'll bring it up to my mouth and open it.


That was great, Max.


Are we all covered in muck?


I saw it happen, and then I saw it happen.


Bathtub Stealthcat.


The fourth card down is See Invisibility.


I would agree with that.


I thought she spent the night in your room.


How's your perception?


Oh, you mean little flakes of poo.


(deep voice) Hey! Conflict! Xhorhas?! Tell me.


Make my way to the orb. Rip it out.


Fucking talking cow over here. It was great.


You don't look like an administrator, I mean, that's actually almost a compliment.


Oh, yeah. Do that.


Felderwin.


Okay, I'm going to hop up--


Certainly.


Think!


Insight check? Oh shit.


So much pressure.


Mr. Theton Groove, is anyone looking for you right now?


The feast thing? No?


You do have inspiration.


I'm happy whatever your ruling is, but that's how we've done it.


You're still ...


Kerrion's dead.


I have to split.


Is that going to burn his hands?


My armor class is 18, but I'm going to use my shield for plus five to my AC, so that won't hit.


Or did we leave it in Emon?


Aw, he saw me?


Straight out from shore, full sail. Just trying to put distance between us and the coast.


He chucked knives.


Who is he fighting?


Is this like an anti-scrying glyph set?


I rolled a bunch of hit dice from our short rest.


Well at the very least, maybe you should have Nott try and open some of those funny locks on the books before we go so that you have an easier time getting into them.


Ooh, good call.


Hundred dollars.


Do we need to do a switchery-poo of our items?


It's a ritual, though, is that--


Fuck yeah. (all laugh)


That's the funniest bit, because I have no money.


Oh, disadvantage. Jesus. 11.


Their political affiliation?


I'll search the bodies.


It's definitely not something we can wade across, I'm assuming.


I'll draw it full scale! I put my hand on the page.


You think my giant ass is gonna jump frockily-fucky-fucky from branch to branch in the treetops like some kind of acrobat?


I don't know. I'll go rushing in and find out.


Ten. Do I still have sneaky sneak from you?


Great. I've got my Stinking Cloud, still. I would like to move the Stinking Cloud. Oh! No, I can't do that.


So, we'll go to the Cobalt Reserve.


Miss. 17.


What was Kord painting?


Well done, Scanlan, well done!


Yes, it was something he had possessed, but the god still lives.


Oh we did!


Odor sack?


If you cast it at higher levels, it goes up by 20 feet for each level higher you cast it. So I'm casting it at fourth level. Okay, so I go all Storm for a second, get all misty-eyed, and I want to create a nice low-level fog. Across the whole castle.


Yeah, we've been talking about the sword.


Big booby. (all laugh)


You're good at the spooky stuff. You basically built our list. It was amazing. It's all good stuff.


Yeah, Grog can look like Grog.


What about Vex? Is she with us?


Swallow the bean?


Can I sleight of hand and try to steal some wine?


(sighs) I mean, I know your feelings on all this. What do you think?


I don't have a beard.


How about we go say hi to Dolan, we'll run by The Gentleman, let him know that we're thinking about bouncing, and then we'll be on our way.


I'll ask you later. Also-- oh dear. I need that, and I need that. Oh, yes, I was hoping to look through your selection of spells you have yourself. Nothing too majestic, but I have a short list.


Dry-erase boards.


It is technically one point. He may go down.


How did he know we would be here?


Us? We have a show again.


Yeah, I like, left nothing to find. It's great.


No, I have heard of cats, but Frumpkin is one of the first.


+2 on your AC.


That we need on a t-shirt!


You guys nasty, I like it.


Matt's totally taking advantage of the fact that none of us are hagglers this game. It's hard. It's really hard.


Yeah, that hits 'cause I'm at 19. Right? So that hits if I'm at 19?


And I'll also pick something random out of spite. I'll take this.


So from Vorugal?


I'll have enough bullets that I may not be able to hurt him, but I can make him drop.


And advantage on dex saves. 15.


If we're chasing the toad it seems like we need to find a boat and go out into the water.


(whispering) There's something in this building. (louder) Are there windows on the building, at all?


We should probably get pretty snaking on here.


My new book! It's right there! I signed it.


Oh! No!


To be fair, Grog, I might have tried that, a little.


I would have done it worse, but I thought we were taking it easy on each other and then you went crazy on me.


You can tell if you were to rotate it, it would line up. Triangle to triangle, that would bring the star to that one there.


Dude, you look dope. I just want to say.


I mean we could poison somebody later. That would be fun.


I'm going to stand at a distance looking over the rail.


Where's Molly?


On my roll, do I still get a bonus?


No, that's a big deal.


No, no, while we all stealth around in the rooftops watching, ready to act.


Yeah, that's fine, but time of day.


What? (exclamations)


Can they come into this magic door?


So if we're going to go to the trouble of taking this thing out of here, one of us has to use it. What about your Pom-pom, or-- what did you call him?


I know. I knew you would know. Never change.


Oh, bloodroot. That's right, it's a type of flower, super-duper red. I know because I tried to make a paint out of one of the flowers one time and it made me want to like seriously puke my guts out. And do the spins, if you know what I mean. Super bad. That's bad.


(quietly) I say we put her down as quickly-- that's right, we have to stage whisper. This is fine. Let's all assume that everyone cannot hear us.


And I'm a normal person right now, or am I a whale?


They’re so pretty!


Do you have an older gentleman? Elven, battle scars-- I describe him-- staying here right now?


Caleb, are we doing this?


That's - I mean, that's pretty much all I've got. I imagine I would be pretty confused, so -


It's not the first time I've been called-- actually, no, it's not the first time I've been called that, that's fair. It's not Molly, this is me.


Should send him to a monastery.


So maybe you should just have a go-to. Like, it's going to be Daredevil again. Or something. Just something.


If there are any remaining organs, we can roshambo for it.


Alright.


As long as I'm within five feet. That count on his two hits against me?


Muscle up.


13? Oh! 15.


Merpol, hi. It's just, you know, I'm here and I'm trying to get the true Nicodranas experience while I'm in town and, you know, I just, I've heard rumors from people, you know, about this thing called the Sluice Weave. And you know, I would just love to see it, see if it's real, you know?


(shouting) Ja!


Shit, yeah!


Heavens, no.


Also, it was in Avantika's journal, wasn't it? You remember, Caleb.


Can I hide behind Pike?


No, Thunder Step. And I jump 90 feet in any direction.


He's after me.


And go. I'll grab the shawm and the Mythcarver.


I'm gonna move-- no, I'm gonna stay close towards the kraken.


Oh, it was a giant water snake, then the little girls were complaining about more and more instances of these snakes coming out of the lake.


I want one of those.


Nice. Do I have any movement left?


So what do I do?


I was hoping so.


Percy. Greater?


How far back are we?


We cast it and we create a ruckus--


So it'd be like a strength check. I'm just going to keep running. Another 30 feet.


I get 120 feet.


Kashaw. That was the one that they went on a--


No, I haven't rolled. I'm trying to make myself roll it.


At this point I have less than 100 gold.


Nowhere near him.


Well, Pike's not here--


His Grog is showing. Was there any money left on the ship from Avantika?


Oh, good. That took. Can you heal people? It's a yes or no question.


I do, but I don't have it in my little book.


That's not a seven.


That's better. 24.


Maybe it's time to split up. Maybe some of us help fight the dragons while others help evacuate.


What to Do in Whitestone for 48 Hours.


Lots of murals, lots of tapestries.


It's the carpet!


(hyperventilating) Hi. I'm Keyleth. Do you want to step outside?


All right, these are all d12s.


Ooh, an invisible balcony.


That's in an emergency.


Well, I don't want to cross her. She has me on a diet, and I'm trying to stick to it. It will be all salad.


I'm now going to spend a ki point because I hit twice to do Extract Aspects.


How far can Cali get into, full movement, close to--


Oh, and Kima!


Percy, Keyleth.


We'll find out!


(belches) Pardon me.


Hold her!


Okay. Good. So I'm going to throw-- I'm hasted, I'm going to throw two daggers at him. The first one is, probably hits, where's the freaking page? 23 for the first.


Anyone need to go to Pumat's?


Just one of the patrons. Nothing behind any doors, nothing on the shelves. Okay, I wait for her to return.


I feel like you'll be fighting a lot more things. I think it's better to just go from the top, and drop in if we have to.


Is Sanctuary still working on her?


Okay, so sneak attack, yeah? So here we go. Plus, get them. (mutters) 25 for the first attack. Or no, 25 for the first attack--


Are they all going to be like Boaty McBoatface or something? (laughter)


Yeah, and then I just keep showing up every week. You can't get rid of me. (laughter)


Yes, that's it.


We already figured it out!


Well, we need five.


I'm just-- I'm just taking it away.


What was the damage? I don't think you said.


I didn't-- I need to make Hex checks.


I hold it up to my face. I grin a big grin to her and I say, hello. We're friends. We're here to bust you out of this place. Will you tell us who you are?


This is legit the twins over here.


And best we can tell, he's the only guard? The only one?


What are the voices speaking?


It's a lot of assumption. Oh, any of us. Any.


Everything looks all right. And I put it on.


You're not here! You went shopping.


And what happens if I lose either of you?


I don't see him, right?


Good evening. Bye.


Am I able to get hidden around the wall?


No! What do Draconians wear?


Does that letter say Evantica on it, also?


Yeah, Caduceus, hold Fjord's hand. Fjord, hold his hand, you got it?


(singing) Sailing...


We're here. What is there to do?


I see the ghost come out of her? Okay, I'm going to shoot it with my Blazing Bowstring.


Hi. Beau.


Oh, you know. Keeping busy, keeping on keeping on, you know? It's been good. You're like the coolest person I know, and you're a tree. It's weird. Even after a year, it's like talking to an old friend. It's good.


That's right. It's like sprinkles.


Yeah, but a very human-acting bear.


Definitely something you said.


"Man, I love sports. The smell of grass, the sound of marching bands, the sight of 22 men pounding each other for--" All right. Here's an early draft of the now-famous D&D Beyond jingle. I went through many drafts of the lyrics before I landed on the primo ones that we got. (sings) You got your perfect wizard, his tomes and his supplies. But he burned his entire family to death and now he's traumatized. (laughter)


And you're knocked prone!


No, I could have gotten something really badass if I had rolled better.


Actually, no. Let's do something else, considering I already used Lawrence once.


Hi guys. Tonight's ad copy was a little long, so I tried to make a nursery rhyme out of it. I couldn't crack it. I couldn't make it funny. Instead, I decided I'm going to read the copy while they paint my face. That is the bit. Laura and Travis have free reign to paint anything they want on my face.


Sorry, the mix between the pork and peanut butter. It's an interesting mix, but it's Grog's favorite.


So. I have an interesting request which may end up being too complicated. I'm not sure.


Why didn't you get acid damage?


(scoffs) So offensive. I'm still at 99!


A small poo.


It is! I never wrote down a C next to it.


Ooh. Plus two. 17.


Sorry, sorry, sorry.


Do you want to stand at the side then, and hold the side?


What about around the house? Outside the house?


Pants and boots and pants.


We need to get to our next target.


I'm always careful with what I touch. I've... Let's just keep moving.


I will check. At the end of each turn and each time it takes damage, the target can make another wisdom saving throw.


And you're the best you are at what you do. Do you think you could shimmy along on your tummy, along a side wall? Don't stand up because there's gems in the walls along the way and I don't know what they do, so stay low, please? And come meet me up here.


Do you think everybody here dresses like the Raven Queen's butler? I mean--


Or you could meet me at the corner, since I'm walking around the-- Oh, I'm on the outer. I'm not in the center area yet?


Plus 12, 14-- Yeah, that gets me there. 28. Doubles to 28.


There's so much syphilis.


Technically, the video I was sent ten minutes before show started.


Can you tell me what it is?


Right, so this is all worse than Fallout Three at this point.


We can't see the end of it.


All right, it's my turn. Dick Grayson and Jason Todd, Tim Drake, Stephanie Brown, Carrie Kelley, John Blake, help me. Okay, here we go. My girl Selina Kyle, Catwoman, bam. And I wanna look at Bane's hand. Show me back here buddy, show me back here, whatcha got?


They'll vote for me. (laughter)


You be strong, I'll be fast. You be strong and fast. I'll be fast. (shooka shooka shooka)


What is the net of dead bodies doing? Are they limp?


What position is it in?


It's very kind of you.


-- established fact. But could this be that we just got promoted?


Okay, I'll do a Dukes of Hazzard over the table.


Oh, yeah. Bye, guys!


What? Don't look at that. What was it?


Mine, yours -


Give him something. Information, news, something.


Nothing. You sure sound like our new leader.


All right. I'm sipping to keep up the charade, but I'm not happy about it.


Well, thank you. I'll take that as a compliment.


That's actually really good.


I just sit in the corner and I listen to everything that I can for as long as I can and it got a little noisy in there and thought I'd get a little air.


Like a matador.


That sucks. This plus four is five!


Well, I'm not going to do any good up here. I still have my movement, right? I'm going to try some stupid shit. Since the axe is in his back, can I Indiana Jones down to the ground? (singing Indiana Jones theme song) Just, (yelling) trying to get down to the ground or underneath him. I may hit the ground, but maybe it will be slowed by the--?


And where would it have been hidden on their person?


I'd be worried about circulation up there, but it's not really a concern.


That's like every house, though.


I see the path is probably too treacherous to bring the horses. We might want to leave them here. One path has barely been touched, the other one has been pretty well ridden through. I say we take the more common path.


I once knew a bear named Trinket, and would often tell you he stink-et, but you were appalled, so you kicked me in the balls, and now I don't say it, I just think it. (laughter)


I'm working on something.


So just to get one thing clear, and I mean no (clears throat) disrespect, but how was the crystal lost 300 years ago, if it was in this chamber? So this chamber has been broken into before?


Well. I mean, I'm a member.


(breathless) I found Gilmore.


I mean, it's not a bad idea. Lot of variables, but it's a pretty good idea.


It is advantage, but it's not an auto crit.


Yeah, and you kept all your teeth.


I'm going to take-- oh my god. I'm going to take a shoulder shot on her right arm, and I'm going to try to cleave her right arm right off with the shot and see if I can leave her unconscious.


But he's raging, so another three.


Take 20 paces back.


Can Keyleth run up, do I have an action?


Killed many, many people.


You know those first generation Black Lotus cards can go for $30,000, depending on their condition.


I think a tab. Yeah?


And people that I have connections to.


Yeah, totally friends.


How'd you etch a deck in the table?


You can bring it back!


Never mind. I'm good. Rage, jump, no more action. Titanstone Knuckles? Next round. Okay.


So you go to your HP.


Make a charisma saving throw?


You want to go talk to Kara before we get out of here?


Yeah. I mean, we heard about them in the north and they're mostly dark elves that settled in a massive ruin that was completely forbidden for us to travel to.


Yeah, this is a fucked situation. I am going to hold Magic Missile at second level if she appears.


We can't create chemicals, can we?


Stealth and what?


One more and we run. And take cover.


They're gone, they were like the only people there, and they're gone.


Yes yes yes. I just walk forward and pull down the cloak and say, "Hello."


Or a goat. It could be from a goat.


I'm going to stay hanging on.


That was Divine Intervention, I thought.


Did you have kids?


A little bit of Yenk, a little bit of dragon.


I've got a hammer, I've got some rope. I don't know.


Who is it going to?


Tofor, what was her last name?


Lady, yes.


I bet it's his necklace.


Let's use a sword, I want to see how this plays out.


The pearl pops out and flies across the room, never to be found again.


It's a ring. I said handy.


Percy! No, don't die!


You're saying that, a sullen loner who is confiding in one of his closest friends while holding him on the shoulders. This you never had before.


Can I see, before we leave, are we near any windows?


No no no, just, we go in together and when he's talking to Gilmore, I find one of the lesser clerks and I say: Do you sell lockpicks here?


I thought-- Oh, about finding the ship, that's all.


Yeah, you should have-- you need, like, a sweet pimp swagger now.


Oh, sorry, we'll leave now.


I mean, we know fucking nobody in this city.


Crush who?


Why are you locking your iPad between every move?


Public opinion--


Halved, because he's got Stoneskin.


Oh, son of a bitch! All right.


Can Grog and them let go? Is it going to slam shut?


Oh! 15.


I think I would know the location based off the trade route.


Do I have holy water? I don't know if I took one or not. I can't remember.


Can't hear you.


That was not the critical.


No, I'm going to run.


Yeah, that's him. What, dude!


Who's Trixie?


Throw a dart. Win a book.


Yeah. I just want out.


You can't put just this part on?


I pull out a torch. Will you light my torch?


Okay. You want to open that, big guy?


Oh, if there's an 826 in your city, by the way, go check it out. Really, they have amazing stuff for sale. It's the best first date. It's great.


Are we going in a tree?


Do we smell?


Oh shit. Okay, bad comparison. These people suck. They're mean--


I will lag behind Grog.


Did we get a long rest after?


So I pull him up, pick him up.


Oh no! He's coming back for Scanlan!


At advantage. Oh, I rolled the same thing on both. 24 to hit.


Did you just say PS to someone? Did you say that out loud?


That's so awesome.


You can cast when you’re on your back.


Early, early, early in the morning.


Oh, I also bought him-- I bought a lot of stuff. I'm almost out of money, guys.


I have the words, "Reroll is +25 on weapon" written on here, under Great Weapon Fighting, what does that mean?


Yeah, sometimes I get really angry, you know? Don't you wake up and get off on the wrong side of the cot, and someone startles you awake? I don't know.


Or into the hole. Maybe it goes further down.


