Where's the zombie stone giant now?


What is it? I love it.


One time only.


We would, definitely. We already killed a zombie too!


(laughs) Jesus! (laughter)


That was the wing shot. It doesn't matter, it doesn't affect the wing shot.


Of course. Grog, come with me.


Fuck, fuck, fuck.


It's like LSD, isn't it? It'll take eight hours to go away. (laughter)


Like he found a little cave and is hiding?


Oh. Well, I can do that. That's a 30-- that's a 23.


I know you do, but do we as players care about this girl?


Tyriok?


Do you have the mask covering you?


Hit!


Yes. Not big enough. It's a-- aw, man-- it's beautiful.


Yeah, they're with Heirloom Photography, and they did all of our thumbnails, too. They did that poster.


I'm going to use Luck because that blew. And that's a natural 20.


He's coming towards us?


I was shooting it right in front of them.


(whispers) What about putting her on my back?


Don't be so hard on yourself, Lionel.


Wait, if we roll a natural 20, that doesn't mean it's an automatic success? We still have to add numbers to it?


Guards are like--


So advantage number one is a 17 to hit. 26, that hits? Let's put that away; that's not helpful anymore. That's 13 points of damage, two points psychic. Next advantage shot. That's a natural 20.


(laughter) What the fuck happened?


Oh is it a ten-foot drop?


21 for the first one.


Fuck yeah, beast mode. As you rush towards it with a large arc, slamming down like (whoosh), you carve through part of its carapace, two of the eyes are cloven through and are now bloodied and ruined.


I am going to do what would be best for the town as a whole. I am not sure-- to a certain extent, I'll be led what is needed by the town. If--


Right, and then you pulled up, and you jumped--


I need more coffee.


What do you mean-- How do you know?


So do you have anything, we keep getting turned into stone, it’s been sort of a running theme. We were hoping you might have something to help alleviate stone skin or any --


I'm going to back up against the one in the corner so I have a little bit of cover.


Gills, and like, fins and stuff, and then-- now can I cast?


Yeah, I'll hold Sacred Flame until Beau is dropped and far enough away.


Can I check the robe?


Wait, no, I wanna see what it is.


I'm a Hufflepuff.


How stupid is that?


How does it feel to be chosen by a goddess at this point?


Yeah! I can do that, even at negative one, I can do that. No, I can't. That was a one.


Yeah! 2d-- So that's 11 plus three-- 14 points of damage.


(whispers) "Asshole gladiators."


You don't know him.


I'll get the other 50.


Any tips? Advice?


Yeah, that's three! Has he heard of them, does he know where it is and if he won't tell us, does he need an errand run, and Suutan bloodline.


Would I be able to see the sword, though, if I was on another plane?


Mm, not good. 12.


Is that what I have?


And rage. I'll charge one of them.


She doesn't, she wants to hide it.


Putting it away, pulling out the other gun.


I don't hear shit.


You were 80% there.


Magnetic. Percy, do you have a compass?


Matt, I just did an arcana check and got a 23; does that help us know anything at all?


And the lavender and sulfur?


Can you tell us, because this is a bit shredded, you were here before, right? You were here?


Anything else before we get into this?


Delilah gets knocked out, she gets the fuck back up again!


If it were easy, it really wouldn't be us, would it?


No, no! Fresh doughnuts! You know do no harm, all that shit?


I want to drive my foot through his kneecap.


Go. Tell us what's up.


Rima, is there someone who can take clothing and clean it up as well while we are bathing?


Yes, that's me.


Capture him, capture him!


Medium to high.


Rip him apart.


You don't care about his past!


Well, hell no. She creeps me out.


Also, we feel very badly about Doty, obviously, and I hope that you can build a replacement, but in all the years that you were with him, did you ever have a sweetheart or an acquaintance, even?


She destroyed a whole undead army being a laser light beam.


What were you going to say, Keg?


Yeah, they don't have a bedtime.


I have, I-- Well I mean they're like-- new microphones for that station and lights.


I'll use my last Luck of the day. Didn't do it; same thing. Nine, 11.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm going to do some cool monk shit! I'm going to--


Okay, let me know when it looks like a good cluster.


Anything that walks through there has to float above the water, or it's going to disturb it and alert--


A pair of trolls.


I'll set the Deathwalker's Ward to acid.


Do I actually roll?


Oh, it's the same thing. It's 27.


This is fire elemental.


So wait, wait. There's the, there's still the tapestry in front of it?


Yasha and Jester,


My mask. Come in.


While we're bowing on our way out, I'm going to drop my waterskin and spill it.


But you said that I can see a pool of liquid, right?


Why not? You were going to cut me with a Vestige?


Yes, if you see my brother anywhere, can you send him home?


Why don't you try pulling on the branch that it was tied to?


While I ask Frumpkin to continue along the right path.


That's right! I have already been arrested today, but I did get better.


I'm going to, I will attempt to cast Eyebite on the sphinx.


Bar hop! Bar crawl!


I follow behind them and call out to him, "Are you using Levitation, or what? How are you-- is this how you--"


Well, look. It's going to help him on his quest, get revenge and kill all the people that killed his family, right? So can we do that, and then if it gets out of control, we bop him on the head and take him to a temple?


Hello Trinket.


Eh... (laughter)


Leave it armless.


It hurts, it hurts.


I love her so much!


I’m happy, I’m happy.


Yeah, it's our first time here!


Oh, he is going to be so pissed!


It's even better, right?


Well, let's go, then.


Percy signed a contract with a devil!


The trammels are in.


(whispering) Penis, penis, penis.


What do you mean?


Everybody's glistening.


It was 14, I saw it.


I will take the enchanted mithral shirt


Cool, not difficult at all, guys! Totally not difficult at all!


Oh, I'm going to counter clockwise around Doty, all the way round.


Where?


Chod.


I will run into the next room, as far as I can get.


The dwarf is Hosin. The other guy is Vince.


This is a great plan. I am behind this plan 100%.


Oh, if it's unlocked. Okay, got it.


Yes. Say yes, Fjord. Say yes.


God damn it. Okay. That's my bloody roll.


It smells really good.


We're all just gonna bamf back to-- but at least, hey, we're ungrappled.


It's cocked. That's even worse. Not great. 18?


Leasing.


I feel like we should--


Why couldn't you just touch me?


That's a d10 and a d6, and another d6. 12 points of damage, plus one necrotic and two psychic, so 15 points of damage, and he has a save against 19.


Oh, I turn and he hits my shield.


Your intelligence is now 4. (all laugh)


So ten. 24 points. Plus the Enlarge-- 25.


Oh, surprise motherfucker.


Sure. Is it disadvantage because I can't see?


So do I!


Yeah, yeah. Let's come over to this, so-- The chatroom knew you guys had a big battle today, possibly. So they wanted to help you guys out. So, Marisha. (cheering)


You've got a ring of power and shit.


This thing is no good at all.


I can handle this, I think.


Yeah, you're great.


Cut the red wire.


They just let it-- they've cornered it into a--


I have an axe and a hammer. And three javelins!


One year later, huh?


Awesome, let's just keep it.


Come on birdy. Ooh! Good.


We could, we just rented them. 50 bucks, so.


I, of course, in front of transmutation.


I switch hands. (laughter)


Are we always going to call it sleepytime?


Hello. My name is Tiberius Stormwind. Of House Stormwind, from Draconia. Tofor: "From Draconia, you say?"


Well, I fed him. I mean, you don't have to, I guess.


Shall we keep moving?


Unacceptable. Push through.


Centaurs are not fey, are they?


Just give him his bits.


That's four plus four is eight, plus four is 12. 12 points of damage.


Can I look over his shoulder the whole time he's reading it?


That's right. 18 plus four is 22 points of health.


You have to roll initiative to see when you attack all of us.


(whispers) Yasha.


You're so badass, Doty. Good job.


I'm going to crouch down into the water and submerge up to my neck in the hopes that it does not know where I am and I'm too short to be hit.


And then J'mon Sa Ord will be able to help us. Help us!


She's at the point where she'll kind of remember.


Is this where the burning happens?


Should we just make it straight--


But wait--


I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us. It's not going to make any difference, but I'm going to do it.


Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!


This is everything I've ever wanted.


Yes, of course. We have to send a letter to the Slayer's Take at some point. That should happen sooner rather than later.


I don't think that's a bad idea.


Is it sneak attack?


What? There's vampires here?


What'd you call me?


Do we hear them doing these plans? Do we hear you guys making this plan?


I think I'll give it to myself as well.


Trees above us?


You had a friend that swallowed a stone?


Can I drop that one and find a dead one?


Around me?


Oh, hell, that was nothing to when you held a blade to my throat. But we're making it work.


No, he can't move her! He'll get an attack of opportunity on Pike!


Great, cool!


Possibly. What is it that you want to know?


I'm not very good at it either, and you are an exile.


Yeah, the same that she had decorated around her office. That's Uk'otoa. You saw when we were in the boat, she closed her hands and you felt that surge in the water?


Where was the palace, is it in the ocean?


Sondur. I understand.


Sure, hits.


I'm dumping a level two Smite into this, against an undead. That's seven, 10, 11. Ooh, it's cocked. 17 for that hit.


Right. I suggest we go and rest. I believe we can get some respite.


Well, I just want to thank you. Thank you, Vanessa. Thank you for entrusting me with this group. I have been reading up a lot, lately. I'm very excited to use the commanding presence of a guild leader, and prove my membership of the guild.


To get the wish, but now it's touching everyone, they're trying to protect the skull, and we don't want that. We want it broken, I think.


At our closest, where do we get to it before passing it?


(whispers) He won't know what you put in his hand!


He was so dreamy. Do you remember him?


I didn't want to have my ear against the wall. I wanted to be subtly doing it.


Well, I don’t know. We were just talking about, since we’re purchasing so many things, and since we’ve gained some popularity here in Emon, walking around, people are noticing us walking around...


We probably should've done that on the break.


Let's dry-dock the boat.


Are you an angel?


I've lost track of all you've done in the past 24 hours. Could you send everybody through a tree, even back to where their people are?


You have to touch her?


Kiri, I don't either. Give me the boomstick.


Ten gold pieces per platinum. So that's another 120 grand. Grog. Vex. We don't need to tell the others about this


That was fucking amazing.


Well, I was thinking about getting them to safety outside. If anything leaves the mine, we'll know it was them.


You had to do this to graduate, to prove your loyalty.


Uh huh.


17 plus three fire damage.


That's a relief.


(sighs) Girl…


Poor girl.


Just like that! And he made himself--


Are we concerned if I start boring tunnels into the side of this that magma and pressure will start releasing out the side?


Is that a strength check?


It's very bright.


I'm going to sink down into the leaves, yes, and try to hide better.


It's all over the floor of the kitchen.


I look at Keg and  You got that one?


The world is a lot bigger than your cemetery. There are a lot of things for you to see, and you have to break out of your comfort zone in order to find the path that you are looking for.


Hiring crew and we're going to get some food for the thing.


Aw, he can even get Scanlan? But he's so little!


Morning, Nott.


Damn it. That's a reaction?


Is that what you call big?


Yeah. Maybe we could just stand in the middle of town and go, "Bryce?" until they show up.


Is this still the same day? It is. Okay.


I'm sure it will be fine.


Why not a both?


Action surge. Fuck this guy. Same thing, sharpshooter. I'm going to be rolling sharpshooter.


You took that shot specifically to stab her three times in the back, Percy.


But back up?


23 for Vax.


Hey, that's great!


There's going to be a street fight!


Hey guys, Nott's down-- Oh shit.


You're above Caleb. Thanks for fucking up everyone's list.


So wait, you said you lost the Crystal of Exaltation during the War of--


That's fair. This is just odd. I mean, I imagine being sent with something I didn't know anything about by god-knows-who, that will leave a mind to wander. I don't know.


Irena?


I'm going to go over to Jester and take the flower out of her head and be like: I think it worked. I'm going to take it back now.


So I will just say, "Come on Scanlan. Wake up! Wake up, man!" (all laugh)


So it's just one up? (laughter)


Doesn't seem to have affected it.


Where did you see the swamp people that you were talking about?


So the first thing we do, is--


Cthulhu's dick.


Actually, it would be Grog. Grog walks in the room, everybody goes Grog!


I'm getting real tired of your shit.


I know, but she was just-- we're in a restaurant.


Don't make me laugh!


And you're below 100?


One of my die?


Okay. I'm going to pull out the Retort pistol, because Bad News will not be happy at this range. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take a head shot. I'm going to try and blind him for the round. This is going to go great!


Digit by digit.


All right. I will-- Jesus. Okay. Fuck! I don't know what to do without causing everyone around us to die or be scared! All right! Is there a leader?


J'mon, they're fine. They told us they're fine! They'll be here any second! Don't worry.


I don't know how many people around here have that much. Although, the breweries might.


That's for the eyes.


The one that knocks flying targets down to the ground and then they fall.


With access to our foe?


Wait, what did you just say? Oh.


Oh my goodness, look at this!


Why are you saying it like you have to go to the toilet?


I did bring it today.


Could you make us some chicken ravioli?


I take this guy's green mask, and his pants, and I give his pants to Jester.


Yeah! Well, now that you mention it, I felt a chill!


I have advantage on spell concentration.


Nine potions, the tenth one's free.


We sit up in the branches.


I have a plus ten investigation.


It just feels cheap.


Can I make anything out through there?


Shooting a Hostel sequel.


All right. I'm going to stand up if I can and make my way back onto firm rock. Do I take any damage when I start my turn?


Yeah, and I'm hiding behind the pillar that I'm next to.


The only thing I've seen is actual branches moving like arms. I think the tree's alive.


That's all right, you're going to wake up, and you're going to fucking go apeshit.


It's a 22, but I'm going to let her win.


Hateful eight.


We did a thing today. A pretty big thing.


Wait! Kern! Kern! And I take off running after him.


My armor is resistant to acid. Let me lead the way. Is there any shit sitting around? Any rubbish?


Okay. That sounds good. You guys, Dolan's; we'll go library.


That wasn't too bad.


(gruffly) I did that on purpose.


Why did you go so far away?


Sure. Yeah. Just draw it and-- Actually, just hold it and don't tell me what it is.


He survived, he didn't even go below zero on that hit. I was just already at 41, so it lowered me. He had four hit points left.


15? That's fine.


I have. Nicodranas is where Jester's from, I'm from Port Damali.


The boulder from Raiders.


Come on, baby!


The other half of the movement then, could I get to the other side of the water elemental then?


Separately of me.


Seven plus--


Should we go back down and just push the button, just make sure that we're wiped out once and for all? I'm kidding. We should make our way over to the Bisaft Isle, right? Need repairs?


Well, I will write a message to Gilly and say that they're hurting here. They need trade, all the supplies that he's able to supply and tell him that this town is about to explode and is definitely a good place for his wares.


Is it exactly rhythmic? Precisely?


I can do two people.


I'm a little bit better of a spellcaster than I am a fisticuffs type of person.


I'll go for Cassandra with you because I don't trust that bitch.


How about you, I'll put you on my shoulder, but how about you sit on my shoulder like strapped back there and just hang out the back?


Do I notice any textures on any walls? They talked about the north side of the wall being more textured and having a pattern.


-- and I didn't like that.


Four more years! (laughter)


Nobody saw that. Totally cool.


I'm not interested in a relationship right now.


So sleepy.


Can I do a little flip through of it?


Hey, guys. I don't trust this goo. It creeps me out. Just be careful.


But I don't know if it's swimming, it's more squeezing.


Okay. You want to make it a strength check? I know my strength is double hers.


I give Jester a hug.


Where were you when you saw these cloaked figures?


What's a kenku?


Right. So we'll fly. And then we'll fly the carpet back.


Round two, Grog runs in and grabs Scanlan, and we run out. He can't be charmed!


Should I go upstairs and get Grog, just in case things get ugly?


Who's going first?


Jester, maybe we can let them have a little fucking dignity as they leave.


Maybe start on a new one.


I'd like to point out that we have two barbarians and two paladins up here right now.


Pirate Keg, Pirate Molly.


Didn't she die?


So, I don't mean to press you on this, Wilhand, but did you know how he died? I mean, even if you weren't there, did you hear about it?


Do you wanna go, maybe?


All right. So we reach out to the Ashari.


Who's reading?


A crazy-ass puzzle.


Yeah. I bet nobody knows more about the Greyspines than you do and they've been around a long time.


It stings a bit.


Jester had all the shit, right?


It's not possible he's trying to head back to Xhorhas, is it? I said out loud.


I'm going to turn invisible as my bonus action, and I'm going to get up and start moving away from this mess.


Wait. We'll address that later. Come on, Vax.


Yeah! You know, he's just this guy. I don't know exactly what he looks like, because he's got this hood.


I have the back of his head. I have his hair.


Sir!


I go in and shut the door behind us.


No, I-- All right.


Hold on! Hold on!


Should we flank and go?


I'm not particularly interesting. I'm just going to--


I can make a box!


Yeah, I'm going to survey. Would I think it's safer above the ravine or within?


They're d4s, they're just fancy d4s. Yeah. That is four, eight, 11 points of damage.


Or for top placement or head over to the all new training grounds to perfect your deck! With over 150 new cards, you can craft an all new strategy to dominate the leaderboards! Magic: the Gathering - Puzzle Quest: 50% Magic, 50% match three RPG, 100% Puzzle Quest! Download on the App Store or Google Play. Okay. So typically, when Puzzle Quest is our sponsor I do a little quiz with Taliesin. Today I'm going to throw it to Liam O'Brien, just to mix it up. The theme of tonight's quiz is: Is this a Magic: the Gathering card or a Kama Sutra position? (laughter)


No, not really.


Okay. I don't know what you want! That is a 30-something. 32.


This is the best retelling of this ever.


He knows more than he's letting on.


Do you want to stop and camp?


Can I see a root system of a really deep-running tree?


It was broken.


It flew away.


You don't want to fight this guy?


I can't do anything to Pike or with Pike. (fake sobs) All right. I'll inspire myself. The saddest inspiration. (singing) It's raining gnomes. Hallelujah, it's raining gnomes. Everywhere we go. Short, stout, tough, and mean. The handsomest I've ever seen.


I look at both of the legs in my hands, and I look at Kima and go, which one's lucky?


Good, separated from everybody.


Frumpkin. I'm going to sit on a relatively dry spot if I can find one. I'm going to go blind and deaf and send Frumpkin in the direction, with Jester's help, towards the sound that she heard.


Sitting and sketching.


On my spell?


Are they gone yet?


Let's just let Vax go by himself.


Ooh! 20.


I'm more of his manager than his friend, actually. Hi, I'm Scanlan.


This is like science class.


Yes I've a thought that at night, obviously, these streets are full of dead things. Tomorrow, the Briarwoods and the people that work for them are going to start pulling people out of their houses and telling them to look for us or anyone who's not from this city, so I don't think that the beggar routine is going to work for much longer.


Everyone, on the count of three, we're going to stand up very quickly.


So 20% would be 15,000.


I go sit in the corner. I'm going to look for anything I can find that looks like an old man was touching it.


Yeah, we're in a death pit, man.


But what about in the game?


Caleb. Yeah.


That sounds really bad. Let's not go near it.


Have we made it outside the city?


I can tell. 17 to hit?


I mean, my spell DC's 18, but with the Hand Cone of Clarity, okay.


Anyway, good night, guys!


Actually, if you wouldn't mind, we have further need--


Plus one. So eight damage.


Gilmore. Where's Allura? Where's Allura?


What does that mean? (laughter)


God damn it. All right, never mind. That's fine. Since I've broken off from him, I'm going to take some shots at him anyway. I'll take three shots.


No, I hit, I hit, but it was, it was a 20, I swear.


I zap him, I zap him for one.


Yeah you do.


What's a mic?


That was all of Dungeons and Dragons contained in 30 seconds. (laughter)


Okay, so I run in after Percy and my brother.


So there are the double doors and then it's a cave-in on one side?


No, it's really heavy, too. And I sheathe it.


You totally let her win and you're going to give her all your money?


Keyleth... let me? I've never felt this before.


I take an empty potion bottle out and get some of Yenk's blood and put it in the cold.


Ah shit, the town, you guys! And I'm going to go back and start trying to put out the fires.


I do not.


Is it safe to be near it?


Burning?


I'll move within 30 feet.


You know about more rooms than I do. I just checked the door in the front of the first room.


Is that what all of these things are?


It literally says, "Treasure is in their eyes. They swim for treasure in the lantern light." This is a pot. This is a honeypot for sure.


(high voice) Four.


But you're the best host.


No you didn't.


I'll get things packed?


How far is Tary from the-- how many feet is Tary from the portal?


Which one are you opening, Percy?


I will cast Haste on myself.


Yes! See? One problem already solved.


Pike, saving the day when she's not even here!


It gets better with age.


20, and? Six.


I love that you're pointing it at the TV.


Why the gnomes?


(as Jester) "That was pretty good!"


Oh. Six left.


Oh, shit.... When it's out of the blue like that it's always bad.


We're trying to catch the dragon while he's still debilitated, right?


But the stone is unim--


Yeah, and I give Caduceus the Blessing of the Trickster.


That's about as good as it gets, because that's even worse. 16.


Oh good, I rolled a four!


You know, that guy that played at your father's whatever.


No more running. For Molly and Yuto. Deal?


What will you do now?


Also, we do have a bit of the mechanism, and if everybody here is all right, I am of the opinion that if anybody asks us, it was your brilliant idea to let us into that cell in the first place to take care of this problem. If anybody asks, we know who is absolutely responsible for this.


Here we go. Jenga. Fucking asshole. (laughter)


What is the range? What are your lowest rung, I guess I'm curious to know.


Okay, really quickly.


It's good. I love you guys.


Kaitiaki, Dryden.


Oh god, guys! I think my heart exploded! Oh god, guys, I think I-- (gasping)


No H, it's Bisaft!


All right. I was here, but you didn't-- you should've told me.


The river goes that far?


There's the traveling band, by the river.


Where are we going to sell these? The world's on fire!


Are we in the mountains? No. Are we?


What? Really? It was my first!


I blew it that way!


And poison, I think.


Your attack bonus.


Grace. Dignity.


Did it look like an undercover cop, trying to blend in?


Oh yeah. You thought you were getting jewels, but you're getting rocks and shit!


(stammers) I will not move and instead I will inspire Percy.


I hold it up in front of my face.


Demon narwhal.


It's pretty cool, isn't it?


Well, all right. Will you be gone in the morning, then?


Did you need the seven?


I turn into a horse and pick up Vax and Vex and take them to Sarenrae's temple.


Let's ride.


That's funny. I've never been to the beach.


Barkeep still there?


Do you approve of how the Empire is going?


So sorry for whatever pissed you off so bad--


21, as well.


Because we're going up the staircase!


Oh, necrotic. 52.


Thanks. I was looking at it and it reminded me of everything and I feel like I was instantly trying to forget about everything because I don't want to remember. But we should. And I don't want to remember you the way you were. Because it was scary, and I didn't like it. I like you now. So I took the dead bird and cleaned it and kept its skull and put it in this box for you, as a reminder of what you could have become. What any of us could have become, really, at any time. Because we shouldn't forget.


Do we need to pick them up and do the thing like you did with the child?


It's this content that you've demanded. (laughter)


You're far more dexterous than I.


Okay. I'll do that.


She's seriously working all the time.


We actually need to because we promised Jarett we would talk to J'mon.


Okay. I'll keep this with me.


Can I use my bonus action to try and grapple him back?


I'm trying to see if I'm glowing anywhere.


I think that we trust you. And you trust the council. That's enough for me.


But our goal right now is not to run away, right?


Laura, did you roll?


How deep are they?


Keep a distance, don't be in a line with us.


Thanks, Gil!


Nott, the flower guy's creepy. Just felt like throwing that out there before we approach.


Do we have any sense if their clanging disturbed anything?


Should we sit?


Well, if it's all the same, I may have another prospect for JB anyway.


Little pinch.


Do I have a choice?


Jester's more interesting to look at.


(gasps) Yeah we have.


That's 3d10 thunder damage. (counting) Eight points of thunder damage, woo.


It has. It's been a long day.


I've got the necrotic armor on.


♫ A whole new spell


So, should we add ten to all of our stealth rolls that had been, or do we have to roll again?


Wait, so all attacks, even follow-up attacks get advantage, even though he only gets advantage on the first one?


I keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't-- any of us.


(sucking sounds)


As close to the beach as possible.


I kind of want them back.


I have made masks for myself.


Whatever that thing is, it's getting away. We're losing time.


I don't care about wars between empires, I just like having more information. For later.


In an effort to keep my distance, I run towards him, I jump up in the air and throw one thrust-kick towards the side, right towards his chest, just to see what his defense will do.


I'm going to use "Thaumagurgy" to cast my voice very loudly behind the other side of the rocks. Thaumaturgy, it just got stuck in there.


I can hear you. I have responded to this message.


I have it, I have it, I have it, I have it! Let me do that.


We can't see around the bend to how far down it goes, right? Is it an open spiral staircase or just a wall?


You're probably right.


Come here, Keyleth darling, we'll get some coffee.


That's a 21.


This is my first time. (laughter)


He has no more of these legendary saves, yes?


Scanlan, we're safe from all this shit.


Yeah, look! Water.


No, it's just a bed in New York City in July.


We're going to be quiet in the sewers because there's things down here.


But it hurts you!


Oh, that's right. I did sing for you. You're welcome.


As soon as the dog chases away the cat.


Yeah, it was a fun game.


What did you tell him? Did you tell him yes, did you tell him no?


Can you hear it?


What do you mean, no?


But who knows what lurks in those woods?


Yeah, man, it's pretty bad. Eight. Nope, ten. Still getting used to my stats.


Oh yes, the strange materials that are mined in this part of the world have given rise to all sorts of stories due to its pale appearance, the fact that under certain types of moonlight it can glow with a strange phosphorescent supernatural glow. There are even tales of people--


It's a good pay day.


I let Trinket forage around the courtyard, so he's not down here at the moment.


Potions have nothing to do with clearing alcohol away?


Yes. Keyleth: Do they fly-- nevermind.


I expected your cheeks to be all poofy.


I mean, she might have been.


What's my initiative? Oh, plus one. So what is that, a six? That's a nine. So ten?


Okay, and then all these things are going to chase after us?


I'm going to break my bank and follow suit to my human friend. 612 is, I think, all I have left.


I need to get a better weapon, though, you guys. Because this sickle doesn't do much.


Are we trying to get all three trammels in in one round?


Seriously? An invisible-making coin?


The other bar.


29 for the first. The second is 26.


He's a tree.


Lovely goods you have here. I'll let myself out.


To hit? Or damage points?


Yeah, he's gone.


Same!


Because my Telekinesis is still going.


Nonsense.


That's what I was going to say. Can we tie him? Tie him up?


What are the six deities?


Which fucking sucks.


Yeah, he has a magical spell that alerts you when someone tries to break in your room.


So, all right. City's got a lot of gnomes, and they're filled with industry, and they work all the time. But at night, they party.


I know. Couldn't let him know that, though.


Yeah, I had to leave.


Lady Kima, do the gods allow you to have relationships?


Let's be clear, that was the shitty plastic die, not the Wyrmwood Box.


I can't know that for sure, but I know that as soon as she has it, there's very little reason to keep us around.


(sighs) No, I just knocked the life out of them, but they're not dead, right, wiretapping does not mean dead, all right? (all laugh)


Did you want to bail him out?


Oh, this is Deastok. Okay.


It should scare you the most. I was one of you. I did what you did. 37 years ago, I did it. And we fought, and we fought, and they were right here. They were right here!


Keyleth drops to her knees and starts crying.


Come on, Pike. Can you bring him down any?


It's good to be seen again. But again, it's got to be very quiet right now. It's been like three other names since the last time I saw you.


No no no, I'm trying to let the rope out as I'm flying up.


Treat me like your fucking dragons-- French girl, whatever.


Whoa. (laughs)


Going to be a beaver again.


You can roll up to nine dice.


Yeah, I think the cantrip will-- let's hit him again with Sacred Flame.


Shadycreek.


The frozen man is obviously dead.


I know that it's hard. And I am sorry.


You know what, that one sounds familiar, I feel like he's introduced himself to me.


Well, I meant do anything-- I guess do anything to hurt us.


Oh, thank you. 12 plus--


With the badge.


I feel like I should be the one to do it.


Do we know what she was talking about, by the way?


Well, we don't--


I'm fully in support with burning down a house, I just feel like it might backfire a bit.


I'll go with Beau.


On the bag? Can I have one?


To be fair, I got a few gigs that way, by doing a few character shots.


I duck so he can shoot.


Can I ask, are you afraid?


Hmm, shit.


I start awake with food on my face and I wipe it off and eat it. "I had a horrible dream about two walking testicles that were hurting my mind."


Yonn.


I stretch!


Is 14 plus eight, is 22. 22 on the second.


Shipments to Zadash.


No, I don't think we--


Good job, Gil.


Oh, we're getting trapped.


Uh-huh, with Pass Without a Trace.


I will now, out of his melee range, Eldritch Blast. Ugh, God, that's not great. 13.


So just scroll down on the channel page, click on 826LA or the donate link that's being spammed in the chat room, and all of those donations will go to GameChanger. And they let us know before they left, they just got 10,000 more Deus Ex keys, so we will let that run throughout the weekend.


Oh yeah. 16 points of damage.


He would've painted that shit on there. I don't see it in there.


Just the tip, and shit. I don't want to waste anything on these fuckers. Okay, let's see here. I'll just do-- 2d8. All right, I'll run up. Actually, a little bit closer to the guy closest to me.


He interrupted me while I was telling him what we did.


We're not near them, right?


Oh my fucking god!


No, we're good. Tell her to show her last card.


That's what I was going to do, but he beat me to it. Thank you.


I'm going to back away towards me.


I will fire once. Am I at disadvantage or anything?


I can do anything!


You can do it. Magic door, sextuplets.


It looks lovely in here. You guys have really kept it up quite nice.


Birthday huzzah!


Are you still ducking behind the tree?


I miss the earrings.


I was really hoping you were going to come up with a-- oh wow, that's actually-- never mind, I am not disappointed at all.


Until two.


Of her?


We walk for the Guild.


I've got one, too. I've got one too. I'm going to be, the weekend before that as well, the Valentine's Day weekend, at Amazing Arizona Comic Con. Amazing Arizona Comic Con. It's going to be amazing. In Arizona. With comics.


If you're going to vomit something, salt water's pretty decent. It could have been way worse.


I don't. That's actually-- I wanted to get some. Let's see. Just want to double check to see if I do.


Which is great! We all do it, but it's a nice counter-balance.


Ooh, Foresight!


Pleasure. I smell like peanut butter.


I really wanted alligator boots, but I suppose that will do. Please help.


Keep standing, Fatty, you can do it! I love you, Fatty!


It's a pretty awesome sword, from what I remember.


Yeah, I think it was, you have to shake his hand or do something, like, gentle to him.


Yeah, it's d10.


I can't give it to you.


Times two.


(singing) Careful, the kids you pull.


That means I get 3d10.


And that's a 19, 29--


(angry meowing)


And you love Percival. And Percival loves you.


Fight me right now! Do you want to do it?


None of the temporary hit points, but your regular max.


I've played with it a lot, and all kinds of little flashes and things go off.


And then we'll stomp on him and make brain juice.


Activity in the Breach.


Don't we have drugs?!


Any surprise you have.


I'm getting creepy. Just for flavor. There is definitely some creepy happening.


Is there writing or is it just symbols?


That's also where the hashtag not all trolls came from.


Okay. Worth a shot.


I'm going to come out of the wall.


Oh, I think I do have a sixth level because I think that sixth level was used for Liam with the worm, and then we came back to the keep to rest.


We've got a lot of bling and a cursed Horn. The sky's the limit.


Towards the Lady's Chamber. We're not going in.


I have five. One plus four.


Feel the Gern.


I think that's a very viable option.


Keyleth, you wanna help?


You can go farther down the hall or something?


No guidance here.


Yeah, is there anywhere we should stay away from on our travels?


I got a straight razor, we could go for this. You trust me, I mean, you know. I can get in there.


So this is Assassinate, it's an auto-crit--


Were you the little boy being eaten?


Yeah, you do. Tell us when.


I sit down with Percy and I say  six gold that after 200 seconds, they run out screaming again.


It's a concentration spell.


The man laying next to her--


Okay! I won't tell anyone.


Honestly, because it's a little dangerous for a lone person to leave. I figured I'd sit here with a kettle and wait for someone to come along, and maybe see if I can make my way out of here and figure out what's been happening in this place.


I'm looking specifically for ways in the building other than the front door.


Your feet are just right.


That's a great plan.


I mean, it sounded like she wanted power and a lot of it.


It came up a one.


I'm in my room.


Nope. But I am good with chemistry.


Tell you what, you do that math.


I definitely wrote down "Sloose Sweef."


He just grows a beard. You have advantage on charisma?


All right. Can I scoot around the-- I assume the clay pot is on the other side of that will-o'-wisp right now?


Oh, but I want to talk to Percy!


Yes! We'll discover electricity with you, you're a great conductor.


Okay. I'm going to show him the necklace that we found. This seems to have a slight magical attunement to the Shadowfell. Do you think I could use this as a plane-shifting device?


Corruption, man.


Our horse is smoking.


Two more? Good gravy.


Are we all in the tunnel?


It was a flight down, yeah?


That misses.


Does that mean I get to make an opportunity strike against it?


Caleb would know.


When you were in Vasselheim--


Just recon. We're trying to see what this place looks like, if we can see Lord Sutan. Then we'll make a decision if we go after his son or not. Who maybe has some of his handwriting.


I mean, look, we're going to find out one way or the other. I don't know. But look.


Ooh, did you get the marbles and the ink? That's nice.


And relieve him.


We face this together.


Around the bear.


Goes away?


A year, yes.


Well, this is Freddie, that's Yrat, that's Wade and Wode, and that's Greg.


We were running from the pixies.


Or maybe we need to set them on fire.


I still have mine that I haven't used yet.


What color eyes do you like the most? Do you want people with one color eye and the other color eye, like you--


Sir Starbucks. What are the chances that he's going to be in a coffin? Sleeping?


No, we're not talking about sacrificing a dragon. We're talking about finding a beast.


I'm going to boost up Pike. She's halfway underground.


Actually, you know what? I'm pulling an Action Surge. Two more shots.


Oh god, strength? Jeez Louise.


Can you do your Ioun Stone?


Give me that pigeon any day, man. (coos) He's alive!


That's nice. I like fish.


I could do such a thing.


Alderaan is in sight!


I bonus action dash.


You can summon fey spirits that take the form of beasts.


Somewhere.


I'm also going to sing a little song--


You're gonna make me check my notes?


Maybe we'll just do gold instead. Sorry, can I have that back? Sorry.


This makes me feel awkward.


No, I'm going to hang.


Oi! What do you want?


Oh, he's putting water effects on it! Shut up!


He carried himself big. He was lanky.


I use my bonus action to hide again.


We all know what you're talking about. You haven't lived.


Oh my god, I know. Hi!


Everyone thinks that Matt is managing three storylines right now, but there's actually a fourth that we don't even know about.


Can I make an insight check?


I'm very good.


Is this where we let the master do the talking?


Of this side fork, right?


Is it a trap? Or is it organic?


No, there's guards everywhere!


I'm going to cast Telekinesis and grab him that way.


Three people reading a book.


Are we going to return for it?


My perception's shit. How's yours?


Pretty nice.


We're not sure if Pike's going to make it.


Wow. You're really strong, did you know that? And I guess I'm going to-- You don't have to carry it just yet, 'cause I want to set fire to the body and burn it. I'm going to use some of the branches from the trees he fucking knocked over to set a fire around.


Oh! Five.


I like Crimson Peak as much as the next person, but this is kind of over it.


Wait, is Grog on the trip or was that--


We are now. (laughter)


Is there anywhere else that we need to inspect? The carnival or more docks stuff?


One of them is a natural 20.


I have one personal thing.


If you roll one more natural 20, it's just going to dissolve into gold dust and float away.


Yeah, I'll lead the way.


If he's the god, we just go in behind him as the god.


Spit it out! Come on!


He was into sharks, but he has something against whales.


You don't get advantage?


I'm drunk, 120 feet away. (laughter)


Here's the thing, Scanlan, how do you look through your poo? Can you look through it anywhere, or is it perhaps from the--


Just checking. Ten, 32, 33. Plus enlarge. Plus four, so 37 necrotic damage.


Well, why don't I open the door and look in?


I mean, I'll say it. I don't know if you will, but I think that little girl is creepy. (laughter)


Are we temporarily staying put and talking shit out or are we going?


Ooh, Master Quall was a little freaky I think. Can we look under the bed?


Like Venice people? Like beachy hippies.


I subtly, as he goes by, study and examine what he looks like, the pit fiend.


(Oprah voice) Spire of Conflux!


26 points?


I've always wanted to see a volcano, anyway.


No, but I just kept replaying it over and over. It was dark for so long, and there was nothing really to distract you. I just kept seeing his face, and him holding the orb and pushing it into his, or my chest, and the body on the ground.


I'm going to get on my hands and knees and kiss the ground.


It's hot. It's really hot. Just keep going.


Trixie's my bestest friend, and we got stuck on this ship. But I have lots of chocolate and lots of apples. As you can tell, that's all I've been eating! And I wonder if it's okay if I could hang out with you guys for awhile? Until we get to shore?


Let's heat up the tar.


D'you need an article of her clothing for a scent?


Stupid video game moment of like jump, jump, jump, jump.


Just keep an eye on him, all right?


Yeah, we don't have that.


Hey! That's good enough! Have 5000 gold!


How smart are your people?


I can Move Earth and we can move around earth.


Oh, you haven't leveled up.


Sleight of hand?


High five! (impact sound)


That replaces an attack?


It's a shame we couldn't. We have a line in the sand of how close we can get to this thing with magic, correct?


Yeah? I'll attune to it. I want to attune to it first.


Totally meant to do that. I'll attack.


We can go--


Yeah, so I think it had something to do with that.


Yes. Okay, great.


Get a room!


We have to spend the night here. Vecna's in our world.


1,363.


Oh. That's actually a good one.


If there was possible to buy some food, I want to have some camping food for the rest, like good stuff.


Yeah. Probably--


Did you say you want to go to the disco with me?


I think just wall it up. Can we see anything sparkling? Can we look in and see if there's anything that looks useful?


20 points of damage.


Am I close enough to hit the third one that's still left with my second attack?


I didn't know how to draw bodies! So I just went with grass!


You have one dice from me. I've inspired you.


You're super spooky at night, you know that?


Liam, are we getting closer?


Oh. I'm sorry, I thought that maybe you'd want to see the-- and the-- oh. Very well, then.


Complicated engineering.


Okay, so I'm really upset, really hurting. Out of anger I take my staff and I go (bam) and I crack and do Thunderwave pushing him back 15 feet.


That's 16 points of damage.


What the what?!


Get outta here. (laughter)


Okay. Can I position myself when I sit to where I can see them? So I can read their mouths, specifically.


I'm going to drag him back. We got another suit, if anyone wants one.


Yeah, would it be like missile snare? Right underneath it?


It is. It is pretty cool. Fuck, we're going to miss you.


I put it in the bag of holding.


He's very far away, but I feel it's reaching its limits.


Nothing but sparkle pony fur.


So do I still take eight more points of damage, though?


I should have thought about this!


I'm sorry. I'll talk to the help about this.


We have an invisible cart! How long will this last?


Pick the less squishy?


That's awesome. That's cool.


It's not like we can't look in on anyone that we need to really quickly. I'm feeling the urge.


Perception or persuasion?


Hey, how about that Chroma Conclave, eh?


Two peasants dead.


That's a natural 17. That's a four, eight damage.


Fuck! Grog.


Part one. That'll do. 24.


Just feels cool.


My medicine check is nine.


Whoa! What's up?


I have Luck again. I got a new feat.


Yes, I think that's an excellent idea.


You nerd.


Yeah! Police Academy, that's the thing the do!


We'll see what we see.


Anything unique? Any unique things?


Well, no, we weren't giving you the silver piece just showing you a bit of magic. This pot is actually quite powerful. It can do that once a day, so if you'd like to purchase it.


Yes, I know the trick. Takes a little bit of time, doesn't it?


Half cover. I'm done. Hey, look at that, it's me in the window.


Black ones like torture, right?


Oh, your cards are cool!


Let's do it. Nap! We nap and rest.


Can I loot him first? I mean, just see what's on him.


No, I don't want to take that bet because I agree with you.


We could try and flood it with acid.


Well, the higher one was four. The lower one was a one.


I put it between my legs and try to sit on it.


The pathway still continues to descend around.


How is that-- the one that... really?


Can I use my Stone's Endurance on that last one?


And we never return.


I don't know what breakfast is, so I just keep commanding them to make chickens.


Only one way to go, right?


The aliens are coming and we're welcoming them.


With what?


Mother always told me to never give a story away for free.


Thank you. Now I feel guilty.


To fly north to the island and circle it a few times to see what we can see and come back.


All right. Who's coming in from where?


I would like to keep his head right where I have it and take my elbow and drive it down into the bridge of his nose. So that's 25?


I turn around to you and I go (gasping and groaning).


Oh, With advantage. Oh good. Ee. Not good. Ten.


He's losing hit points from this.


No, we need the eyes!


This means I could theoretically turn into him now that I've met them, right?


Stark.


Do you know what kind of monster it is?


Oh, thank you for reminding me-- 17 points of damage plus four points of necrotic damage.


Is it only because you've experienced these types of temptations before?


Tight, then make yourself a succubus.


Oh man, Vax'ildan Vessar here from the afterlife. You know, most of the time, I sit here in a big black room wondering where the fuck I am or what's going to happen next. Probably nothing. But once in a while, the Raven Queen hands me a sheet of paper to help promote projects, and this week it is Far Cry 5. (clears throat) I got this four minutes ago. Far Cry 5 is available on March 27th on PS4, Xbox One, and PC. Go to farcry.com-- we don't have any computers here-- to learn more and pick up a copy. The latest installment of Far Cry is set in fictional Hope County, Montana, where a fanatical doomsday cult known as the Project at Eden's Gate has taken control. You are the hero of the story in a thrilling world that hits back with every punch and where the places you discover and the locals you ally with will shape your story in ways you'll never see coming. Also, in celebration of the upcoming release, Nerdist's Dan Casey, Kyle Hill, and Geek & Sundry's own Erika Ishii are filming a special Far Cry 5 training video where they took on challenges players will face in-game.


He turned into a Hot Pocket, y'all!


I'll go the hallway this time.


Oh gosh. It's a long story. I don't know if we can talk about it right now. (laughter)


Does anybody see a little--


You could just say nine.


Party on, Wade. Let's scry!


So that I'm like this, so just my little head is peeking out.


Wait, don't you have to make a wisdom saving throw against my Sanctuary? Because you did a harmful spell against me, right?


All right. Percy, you want to go to the Platinum Reserve?


We almost died.


13 points? Okay.


Your boob?


Can you inspire yourself?


Worse.


I radio over the earpiece to Vax and say, hey, we're going to walk the block.


Oh, for the love of--


No, we're doing the Christmas Critmas a little bit earlier, so we're going to do the next one before we go on Christmas break, right?


Witch Bolt, right to its chest.


I don't know, bard shit.


You'll look like a Byroden chimney sweep.


I mean, I can always Beast Shape there, then have Shapechange later. You know, I can do the whole be a flying squirrel in someone's pocket, like we've done before, type of thing.


I'm going to mark his head with the still-hot gun.


When have I ever worn a shirt?


But not anymore!


They're my people!


Where do you store your water in the house?


That is fucking dope!


Does she have any badass weapons? Any badass sticks?


All right, it was booze.


I rolled a 12 on my die, so 18. 18 points of damage.


Yeah, the day is young.


Isn't it very strange for dragons to pledge their allegiance to any other dragon?


Look over here. You look like a nerd.


Well, can we ask him?


Vex, I've heard a cough like that, and it's probably syphilis.


Versus picking her up and throwing her for an athletics check, or something?


(shouting) Kern!


I can actually faff all of this. You are an evil person.


I don't see Tary.


I'm a bit of an enthusiast of the underworld. So I came across some information.


I don't think she and I took them.


Scanlan has fudged a bedroll.


I just turn to the group and I'm going to--


Two sticks and a snake.


(laughing) Yeah, we do. You said you want them dead.


Pro-JECT Alpha.


Second attack. 14 plus seven, so 21.


Let me borrow that. I'm flustered. I start lowering rope down in, maybe five or six feet.


Cat's Paw's gone.


Exact amount.


Just surf on the giant floating hand.


Forgetting-- Your armor? I've got a spell you're--


(singing) I think you're really handsome and nice! You're going to have inspiration dice!


Well, I didn't know how aware you were, because your connection was fuzzy.


It's a source of great evil that's been corrupting this plane and ours.


Got to bring that mental power and that arcane magic, let's do it.


Thanks for the art.


Oh god. I think I just killed him.


Where are the wine barrels?


Ten feet closer to the end of the hallway.


Dude, that axe is nasty.


Do you want me to throw something up at the vase and try to knock it over?


I sort of gave that to him.


And the one right here is...?


I pull her by the earlobe. Can we please go back to the rest?


I drop her, because I'm fucking weak.


No, 16 to investigate.


I am going to go look in the next room.


I said, spit him out! That is caca! Spit it out!


Wait, who was Louis?


I don't know, I got nothing. All right, I'll just try something and we'll see if it works and then I'll try something else next time. I won't die in one round, right? I'm going to Polymorph into a Tri-- not-a-ceratops. Into a small, poisonous snake.


I seek her out in the crowd.


Okay, yeah. All right. Cool. Done. Go.


I can't attack anything.


Not pirates.


I'm going to do one more attempt at Vicious Mockery. (Infernal noises)


He's assessing his new crew. This is what a professional captain does.


Reinforcements?


I’m going to cast Shield of Faith on myself.


Guys? (distressed yelp)


You could actually--


The easy route is what I'm talking about. Good decision.


Maybe have chosen too many dice tonight.


Perfect! With my second attack as he's screaming out I reach inside, grab his lower jaw and pull him straight down.


All right. Into my little earring, I say, (whispers) I'm not doing anything fucking crazy, I'm just going to go ahead. This is the only thing I can do. And I move quietly into the close chamber.


First one probably misses. With my claw, 14.


This is not our fight, you see.


Question. Could I work with Percy?


Start smacking the wall.


They're okay.


Yeah, there are.


Freedom of Movement on Vex, Grog, and Pike.


You are in Whitestone, as our guest.


Okay, so I throw a dagger at the McRay there.


Oh, snap.


To be fair, he's eaten some balls--


Check out the brain on Brad.


Hey, Fjord. Avantika can go invisible or peek into what we're saying. Can you do that?


I like pink more than purple, if I can say.


Oh. We ride.


(whispering) Oh, bastard.


I love myself a lot. A lot more than a bunch of rubies and a handle, I'll tell you that much. If I'm giving myself to slavery forever, I want something a hell of a lot better than that. I'm a man who's won 500 straight card games in a row. You think these slaves are something? You should see what I have at home.


Sure. And then is it an action to grab and an action to lift and carry over?


Well, I've got the boots, but I-- okay, I'm going, I take off.


I want to cast Cure Wounds at third level on Percy.


I'd forgotten about that.


Throw it at him!


Well, it's an organization made to hunt massive creatures, isn't it?


Do we come back in, like, two weeks?


Oh, that's right, our little halfling that we--


I don't feel okay with you being alone.


I'm not entering. I want to do it from my peeky spot.


I have 200 pounds of pure muscle. I never get cold.


Can we put your helmet on her?


Yes, it got blood all over the place.


What can you tell us of the smaller one?


I have. Yeah, it's five. So nine.


Sorry to bother, but we've been commissioned by Bryce to make a little expedition to go after those gnolls and we're going to need an extra steed if the Crownsguard has one.


He was going for it!


I'm still, I imagine, within range of the tavern?


I'm hard right now!


You just got to kill the spider and I'll be fine.


You bought me that book? That is so expensive for this book. This is just smut.


Yo. Up front, looking for traps.


Matt's a really good drawer.


What kind of ways?


He's my rock. He's the only one who understands me. Okay, I'm attacking. Natural 20.


I know but, we don't know who this letter was written to, do we? We know who it was from and what it was telling the person-- wait no, it's from--


I'm coming with you, just keep an eye out and make sure no one is doing any shifty biz.


To pick it, sure, that's no problem. It is a 23.


Well, so what should we do?


(chuckles) It's the same! It's the same!


Well, that's all right.


13 for Trinket.


You're right. The place where I came from, you got-- certain regions are going to make certain kinds of wines. That might tell us where it's come from. And, what do you think-- I think the "oblodoro" I think that's a code.


Oh god! Okay, I'm going to take a second to try and pray that my second gun doesn't break because that's going to get really ugly! And it doesn't! My gun is fine.


We would get a surprise round on them!


Get better. Keep training.


60 feet of range on that.


Age?


Atta boy.


Ooh, it does look like a forked tongue. What the fuck is going on?


Yeah. Let me know when we leave that big-ass room that the ziggurat is in. We're still in it, right?


He's going to know we were in his room because the rug is messed up.


Caduceus, that was amazing!


I grab Pike by the earlobe.


Please, I can't seem to find any of my comrades. Have you seen where they have gone?


Running toward the woods? Where are we running?


No, we were scouting.


I take it and I stab it in his other eye. Red robe guy.


Can he get that close?


I don't think this is-- this may be an engineering issue.


I'm going to use a run action, just double speed. I feel action above, and I'm just shark instincts.


Is he unconscious? Is he done? Is that it?


And he's got lots of rings on.


He's not human at all.


That's eight and six and 1d6. 12.


Are they armed?


That was a mixed reaction.


I have a question. MATT Yes.


Did half-orc dude say he was just in this cell? That's all he said?


I got a question. You said ten minutes on the boat as we were moving forward, ten minutes for him to cast detect magic, and another ten minutes for detect magic to run out, so it's been about a half an hour?


Sure, as back-up, yes.


Bigger than average-sized man, you mean?


I will drop my form.


That's pretty fascinating.


The one that everyone was quiet for.


Ooh! I'll go into the corner above Percy. There was a reflection there, too, right?


Or you could go through the chimney or the collapsed roof.


Well, you're an eel.


I’m still up on the ramp. Can I still be hidden, then? I’ll stay right there.


No. Stab and disengage.


Yeah, it tickles your pickle, doesn't it?


We looked around for writing and stuff, but.


Look at that business. So right now--


Is this shit on camera? We're recording, right?


What if you jump on him?


Ooh, I'm going to cast Toll the Dead on it.


Algar might have something.


So I feel like if we just go check it out. I don't really know what our other option is.


Yeah, we gave him the armor.


Okay. I pull Scanlan by the hand, and we enter into this room.


This is bullshit.


Wait! You're not related to the Briarwoods, are you?


(whispers) Don't attack it.


88.


Well, she died.


Yup, I pull down my lower lip.


All right, four.


Is it a genuine gold-style ring?


I am downstairs having a drink. (laughter)


I'm going to figure out how much damage I just took.


Yeah. I don't know what's going on back there. I'm just walking around.


Fuck. That'll miss. It's a 13.


The rest of us sorting through Percy's guns.


18 to hit?


(whispering) Thank you.


We have Pike!


It's proficiency plus dex?


Another 18 points of fire damage?


Mm-hmm.


She's Allura's friend, she's good!


In Draconia.


Let's make one for adults!


Can reduce damage by d12.


Should we take off the mask?


God, a one again. Five damage. Lot of crappy damage rolls.


I understand that these two are really busting your balls, and I commiserate with that, but we do need in fact to ask.


To which tribe?


An intelligence check?


I try and keep my-- (clears throat) Fu-- Make it disappear again. Has anybody woken up? Are any eyes open at all?


15? Is that enough?


Yeah, I move closer to Raishan.


Is he going to try and do what he did to Grog?


Is it like the velour Juicy sweatpants that I saw when I first moved here?


No, Felderwin.


(singing) One thing, we've got it coming.


Wow! Oh my god.


I find it's the easiest way to learn quite a bit about a person.


The hammer?


Don't cast Friends on people. It's not nice.


I'll be after Beau.


I lick all of Vox Machina.


Oh! (laughs)


We got two ears.


My final shot. No, it didn't. This one doesn't do that. That's nice, but I miss. That's 16. That misses.


Original Original G.


Roll initiative.


It almost is like he's meditating, like I did that one time.


What's a level two potion do?


Okay, 15?


No, that was my great great grandfather.


Nope, not by magic.


I was going to gender swap, I wanted-- Percy was going to become Percina. (laughter)


I motion Tiberius over.


A Firebolt goes from my hand. That is a natural 20.


I think I'm going to do a-- how close are the three together? Or, there's four, right?


We have one of our fan favorites, Robot Teammate, coming in to do musical improv tomorrow night as, and then Gather Your Party with everyone else, so.


(sings) You got the touch--


Well, I'm not at this moment. I think-- and if I did, I would find my way back to you. Sometimes things need to be done.


Scanlan, Scanlan.


No, a rakshasa.


Kashaw. Vesh.


You should probably do that.


Do you know, people who are in love high five?


I haven't had one of these in a long time. That's nice.


I Dominated the guy.


It means on attacks or on saving throws, you can roll a d4 and add that for a minute, for the whole battle, basically.


Will it tip over in the bag?


The twins still have advantage because it's got the Faerie Fire on it, right? You said everyone in it?


That's a 25!


What direction is Vasselheim from us now?


And the second beam 12 points of damage.


Thank you all, by the way, for leaving a bear on suicide watch. That was really cool.


Pizza! [break]


Lead me in as far as you went.


Oh shit! Then I do not want to do that. (laughter)


She rolled well. This a strength check?


His eye cancelled out magic.


What does Keyleth think of dill? We don't know, do we?! We'll never know.


How will we know what's going on inside?


We'll come back for them! We'll come back for them.


What do you think of a distraction?


I'll take the next shot. Forget it. Might as well go for it.


No, but it might be the thing we already killed. It could've been the thing with the plate that showed up in the camp, I don't know.


What? You're really good!


Bastard!


Are there any runes or any markings of any kind?


Come on, drop this thing.


Fucking ass.


Yeah. I put my mug down and I start little leg waddling towards them. As I go, I'm going to send a message. I use Message to-- who's the guy who likes us?


Yeah, I wanna head in that direction.


I will attempt to send Frumpkin over his head along the ceiling stealthily.


DM question? How many do you think I can fit through in six seconds?


Hey! To Percy!


Percy, that's amazing! What do you call it?


Plus, nobody is hurt.


Then why did they take your daughter?


I could give him one of the expensive bottles of wine.


We can find some more boar if we have to.


Okay, here we go. That's fine. That's a 27.


This was good. Well done, you.


We did not roll well. But we're fine.


Iron.


Sorry, I was just going to test if he could really heal you.


Let's do that. All right. Just was having a moment with god, for a minute, guys. Sorry, I'm back.


What happened?


Two can play at that game, motherfucker.


25 points of piercing damage? I'm going to have to try and catch that because it's going to fucking knock me out, so I'm going to attempt to snare that bullet.


Wow. I'm shaking.


Hey, that's good. 28.


Okay, okay, okay. Holy moly.


Did you put stars next to it because it was important or did you just put stars next to it?


So what is it? What is it?


No whales.


Then why are they serving the red one?


I'm going to go over by Vax's armor and stuff. Just sit there and flop it around.


Well, hang on, let's heal up. I need to hit dice it up as well.


Fucking A!


Still beautiful, though. (laughter)


With the four? Six.


Tie a rope around her this time.


(laughs) Hi!


Yeah, scry again.


Don't forget to loot the body?


Cover his mouth.


I'm keeping an eye out.


I take that as a good nod.


On the first cart?


8d6?! Jeez. Seems unfair.


Stay in the shadows, Keyleth, and cast it on her.


Do we just knock?


That's 2d10. 14 with poison.


Remember it for the future though.


Okay, I want to try doing that, then.


Hello. Here's the thing. You've made this very intriguing, this book that you're reading, and I can't leave here without knowing what it is.


I'm going to attack again.


Yeah. They were all three really low-damage die rolls. Oh! Actually, I can reroll a one or a two, which was that last one! Nine, that's better.


Why don't we have Fjord and Jester go tell their employers!


Yes. We were at the door. We were talking to someone right?


Should we entertain the idea of collapsing the tunnel that we sent everybody to? But all the danger, the majority of it, is behind us.


Is there anything else you need from us, Percy? Is there anything you need while I'm out and about?


Level three, motherfucker.


1350 x.


Do you have a name? Do I call upon you? Can I call you Bacon?


The field?


We didn't die!


God, I was clearly writing incredibly fast.


Is that what this is? Do you have a female setting? (laughter)


Yes, from the gods.


I didn't see any of it, so I'm not sure.


Advantage, you say?


Can I hear him? Does he make noise?


Or, what does he look like, a level two or a level three to you?


That was almost a natural 20. Did you see that? 15. That's good. Ten.


He did say two superior. I knew he said two superior! Matt!


(meows) (laughter)


Four beads of energy. Nine-- nein points of damage.


Yeah, but what if we need to go through water?


Whoa! Percy!


Sure. I mean, I haven't tinkered for money before, do you get, what, two, three thousand gold per little--


Ooh, let's take a looky-loo for the moment.


Okay, just checking. That's fine. Shit. Okay.


"Logenzes?"


How are you doing, Grog?


Should we maybe go scout the location first as regular slaves?


(gasps) You're back.


And I start going Rocky-ribcage on this big piece of meat.


Intelligence check.


Sap. It's a sap. It's a tree sap. Put the whole thing together.


He fought the rakshasa to begin with.


So he's going to tell us a date that will mean nothing to us because we don't actually know the date we left because we don't know how dates work.


Grog grabbed me.


(shutting noise)


I see where you're going.


Can you freeze it?


Already got the reckless.


The resurrection thing that you just did was amazing. I've never seen anything like it, and it was quite astounding for somehow who's not really here. Hello?


I don't know. Do you want to put him through his paces?


It's general revelry. You know  drink, eat, dance.


Wow, that's harsh. Looks cold.


A mind flayer or mind slayer, I'm not too sure.


Oh, yes. That hits.


It's such a weak attack, though. Shit. Shit! All right, sure, I'll take it. I'll do a Lightning Bolt-- No! I'm not, I'm going to hold my attack until one of them gets closer. I'm going to hold a spell. Do I have to declare it now?


That's not where we were going before.


Unless we ask for it. And then you're welcome to do it.


I can Polymorph a couple people. No. Sorry. I can Polymorph one person as a stealth kind of deal.


And Nott.


Yeah, I seek an audience with Earthbreaker Groon. Very important. It pertains to the emergence of Vecna.


Who wants to have a picnic?


Get a whole bunch of stank right in your face.


The first roll was 22.


Mmhmm. So that's a little spiritual lollipop with giant serrated blades coming out of it.


Oh!


How far does your vision fall?


Can I dig through one of the ashes? The urn?


Oh my god, you guys. Perfect opportunity!


Can I open it?


Do that Ben and Jerry's pint. (laughter)


I have some speed left. Can I run and jump across? I want to land over here.


I could maybe try to carve out a patch of sunlight above us, but I don't think it would be anything more than a morale boost, at this point.


I'm flying.


Watch next week as we fail to open the door to his house for an hour and a half.


That was a shitty roll.


No. I don't know. (louder) Crazy grandma was staying with you. Crazy peasants.


Okay. What's the mission for tonight, though?


Oh, sweet! DC of 17.


Been trying not to think about it.


It looked us in the face. It knows we're here. It knows where we are. It knows all of us. It knows him. It knows all of us.


I'm up?


And throw it out, right under the rope.


I would like to go out. Has the moon risen?


Hm. All right, well, I follow after the bear. (laughter)


Am I a fucking child?


Lots of dreams.


Your guys' performance was amazing, by the way.


Yeah, see what you can find. Have I finished it? I haven't finished it.


Out there dancing  You were always a better dancer than me, Astrid. You were always so good.


You guys are all saying it wrong. I don't know why. Vax can pick it up, it's not that hard.


Vex has a question for you.


We need half a pound.


Still a twist!


Yeah, but we're going to get him.


It was a thrill, right?


I'll burn it for Trinket. The Fly.


I thought green!


I'm diseased!


Oh my goodness. That's really creepy, Nott.


Negative. I will cast--


Depends on what we want?


We're new at this. We will address that tomorrow, for sure, before we proceed any further. You're right, there should be compensation.


You look like a guard.


That's a perceptive cabinet.


First try!


Ah yes, we did know that.


Well, being that you'll be out, anything you need done for the ship or the crew while you're away, as your quartermaster?


(sighs) I take my second shot. I call, Delilah? Even if we die, it's fucking worth it. And I take it right in her good eye. I want me to be the last thing she sees.


If he does an attack of opportunity, if I move Fjord back, than we get a Sentinel strike, right?


Like who wants pickled ears really, except for me?


It's fucking cool, isn't it?!


So that's pretty smart. I threw that literally into the holder and it was on an edge. Shit. That's a natural 20 that's going to be replaced by a not as great (inhales sharply). 23 minus five. So, it'll be a dud.


That was pretty solid.


Are we still melting a mask to a helmet?


I rolled a one, that's how. I rolled a one.


Well, he's so cute.


Perception?


Yeah, that's fucked up!


How long? I didn't hear because I was writing.


No, wait!


I have my things upstairs. One second. I'm going to get all of my tools. I have everything on me including the cloak, because I want to be able to absorb any magic that comes off of what looks like possibly a bomb? Just going to be careful. I'm going to very gently remove the book.


(laughs) Bring on the Night King.


That's a lot of money for an esoteric reason.


Northward, you say?


Well, could I take you aside for a moment?


Don't do it, man. They tried to make me wear bells. Don't let them hold you down.


She can control the weather?


Excuse me, you could be stealthing ahead at this moment.


Good to know. Can I do some sort of check to see if I would've heard anything about this type of a thing in my druid time, is this like a different plane of existence, what is this shit?


Council?


Thank you. I'm proud of them, Percy.


Have you been working out over the past year? Wow.


Do you have to be there to do it?


Lead the way down.


But I will tell him later when he asks.


Matt, I love you so much. (laughter)


Out of the city, though, into the wild?


No? Shit.


If we leave this gentleman here and take the beacon, it becomes his life's work to find us.


Okay, then I'm going to cast Lightning Bolt on them. Will I hit Pike? Is she in my line of fire?


No, it's Ashley's character, though.


Puzzle piece! Got to fit them together!


Woo! Six points of damage. Yeah, Hold Person, that was a good one.


I do as he says.


Oh, that's annoying. Okay, I'm gonna use the pepperbox, the Animus, and I'm also going to burn a Grit for a push.


Well, this thing is massive.


15 points of damage.


No I-- my head is not in the game. We'll go along.


We were with you. We were totally with you.


I didn't do anything.


She's the cutest.


I want to run as far away as possible from him.


Wait. Who? You?


It will be like a 12.


Yeah. Just something to put in your hat.


It's never going to stop being funny.


Yeah, you live for many centuries, Keyleth. You can have it nexties! (laughter)


Anything we should know? Anything important? Fill us in a little bit? Spark Notes?


Do you have a bead?


And I'm going to do it at 5th-level, because my best friend is in his belly!


He's a Hello Trinket!


Yeah, I tuck it under the blanket, like it was with him.


Should I stealth with you?


Shout out to John Castle for winning the dead pool backstage. He guessed Scanlan Two correctly.


I can shift my attention to other creatures' thoughts, or go deeper into the same creature's mind. So I can do some surface scans, and then if I get a hit, I can go deeper.


Inside! Inside!


Doty is going to use his reaction to attack Vax.


Desmond. Jarett and Desmond.


The biggest.


We're going around.


Close to Pike-- am I 60 feet?


(quietly) I wouldn't worry about it.


Do you like it?


This is great. So you don't have to check in every night, and be here to punch in and punch out? You could leave whenever you want?


Double grapple!


Okay. So he's still alive.


I don't know if it'll fit on the boat. Would it fit on the boat that we came out on?


The tunnel, left the lady, the tunnel. Since we've incited the rebellion.


Maybe we're not people who are allowed happiness.


I take off running.


I have an enchantment.


I draw out an intricate map. Blueprints.


Do I know that? Do aberrations need to breathe?


Jock said modifier, y'all.


Why not both?


And I have advantage on these because I'm raging.


Good man. I pat him on the shoulder.


So I'm just going to do normal damage to him?


These are creatures?


Actually, not sponsored.


Yes, I'll give him the gold. Hold on, let me make sure I have it. Where's my--?


Caleb, do you need to go to sleep?


Sure. Okay.


Taco.


Is the dragon looking at all rough or not really?


Pain in the ass, Lady Kima. Pain in my ass.


I take them by the cheeks. Can you feel this?


It was quite wonderful. No, and it worked out well, because technically speaking there's only really about 15 foot square that's actually standing that you technically have a baronry over.


Where? When?


Does this look like anything to you? Does this look magical? Can you tell?


It's possible it is.


Nope, this is a trust exercise.


It's real bad.


Thanks, you guys.


I didn't say you didn't have to, I'm just saying you acted like I should know and I'm saying I had no idea.


Oh, no, I don't. I'm sorry.


Hold on a second, ask the question.


Thank you, that's so wonderful.


Which direction is the west?


Any sign that these could still be my people? Pretty certain they're not.


Should we go to the Platinum Sanctuary? Where Kima is, right?


Perception, you said?


Yeah, she wasn't really about that fan life.


And just as he finishes talking, I throw a dagger a foot away from her head in the wall.


That's (counting) 18 points of damage.


(grunts) Good! I use my movement to get the hell out of there! (grunts)


What, so the Elder Brain-- is this a wooden well, or a stone well? What is this?


Wait 'til we're not fighting.


Yeah, that'll hit. 26.


I do if I short rest, but that's it. All right--


All right, I'm going to attack at disadvantage, then.


Oh no, now I'm thinking of dicks again! Hold on. Sword!


It's a good night.


General strength? That was my nickname in high school. 15.


11 points of damage, and does that trigger another psychic attack?


I want to work most of-- I want to take as much as I can--


You could have gave it to me.


That's my armor.


The one that got thrown into the wall? It got stunned or hurt, it didn't get any--


2PM tomorrow.


I'm going to hopefully build up my small house.


That's not great. 14.


Yes, we were dancing. We were waltzing. It was really lovely. He was very drunk.


Not back towards my friends but like--


Who wants it?


The structures to our left and our right, are they solid, do they have focus?


Oh, that's not good. Ten.


Awesome. When did that happen?


I'm okay!


Advantage on them. That's much better. That's 24?


Oh, you just happen to have the room drawn?


Blow the cover for everyone.


Fruit.


Yeah, heal us and let's keep going. Quickly. How long has it been, a minute? Two minutes?


Yes, and he'll come back and attack you afterwards and it can only be used for--


Nope, nope.


Can I go in through the window?


Perception rolls?


Two in a row?


I would like to say that Liam O'Brien, who's a total wuss-puss, can hold his breath for like 50 seconds.


I'll take a shot at Lady Briarwood, since I'm up here.


Wealthy men and women? And you say you've searched everywhere, including the catacombs?


And that's a wing shot, so you have to make a constitution saving throw.


Hand in hand.


Well, all the matters is what we leave behind us when we go. You've already done a lot of good. And you've taught me to be happy again. I'm very grateful to you. So, thank you.


I don't think there's time.


He's just in the Blue Man Group unitard and that's it.


Dead bramble. Dead mushrooms. Dead moss.


Fantastic multiplayer and all-new setting. It takes place in the United States of America.


You've got ball bearings!


Now I feel guilty.


Is that a euphemism?


Let's not be throwing words around.


Shut up, Taliesin.


This is scary.


I know, these trees are a pain in our butts. Oh no.


Halved to 12.


That's not good, though. That is 12.


I was thinking it's like a clock. Maybe that means time-- I don't know if time's passing, or something.


And then I'm going to move my Spiritual Weapon.


Hopefully some with windows?


Everybody give up your turn to Grog.


Oh, yeah. That's right.


Well, this is certainly tragic, but looking forward, what do we know of this meeting? Event? Party? What are we doing?


Actually, 11 groups.


I think we have some prisoners to free or something as well.


All right, I'll just stand next to him while you do business with him.


I don't know how much time has passed since the fight, but can Taryon cast Revivify on Doty still?


They had to be real good metal to be magic!


Ow. I wasn't-- Aw, I wouldn't have put the acid in yet. Okay, fine.


No. Weird question, how far away is Vex from the door?


Yeah, one person that can breathe really well. Fjord, you are familiar with the sea. Can you hold your breath for a long time?


I like gnomes, I don't know! What? Why am I down here?


(laughs) Stick figure... (laughs)


She just gave us a key!


I don't know if it's for Pike or for the DM.


I'm really wishing we had taken a lot more money from Thordak. If we had taken more money, everything would be fine right now.


Things are looking up and, you know, earlier you said that I could come talk to you whenever I want, and thank you for that. That makes me feel very good. Yeza was his name. The halfling man. Before. That's all. I just wanted to say his name out loud. It's been a while.


Oh, I don't have a pencil.


That's rude. I'm going to start moving towards untying him unless anyone's got any--


That was my third, was 19.


No, I'm telling you that your cat is going to haul up a rope.


I'm clicking my Boots of Haste, and I get double movement, so I get to go 60 feet. I'm going to slink up right beside Trinket and stab the shit out of this invisible thing.


What should we do here?


Can we all fit on the magic carpet?


Looks like this is the wrong path, everyone. We should probably go back to the other. Sorry.


Little piggy?


The episode of Dread part 2 came out today-- of TableTop. It's so intense! You can watch it on Geek & Sundry. I'm not telling you anything, but it's very intense!


I guess I'm climbing the rope. There's a rope, yes? Climbing that rope.


I'm fine with that.


There's a teal piece of fabric that's tied up on a branch.


Do you ever want to be a player and not a DM?


My what's halved?


How are you holding up, Gilmore?


That worked so well.


I'm going to tinker a little thing. Can I borrow an arrow?


Oh, yeah, I am very unconscious.


Yeah. Well, I... actually, I don't know. I chucked him out the window. He might still be alive.


A foot-long paintbrush and a little pot of paint.


Hey, Cali.


And that's nine plus a ten, where's my ten? There they are. That's plus two. 11.


Does Uncanny Dodge affect this at all?


How long has he been in a seat of rule?


It's a dex save for Sacred Flame and a wisdom save for Toll the Dead.


Is he like (as Trixie) Trixie?


Even with disadvantage?


I know, right? Okay. If I'm going to use a maneuver, do I have to declare it ahead of time?


That's a dirty picture!


Wait, you think you can kill a dragon?


Do you need any help with your errands?


And I'm going to hold for the moment he attacks any of my friends.


We know which roads one would take to get there from Whitestone, conveniently?


I got 43.


And I'm very sorry to our European audience. I'm really sorry about that, but that's just unfortunately how PR deals work sometimes and that's just the way it is. But, it'll only be--


Yay! Which are brighter now because we're not in water.


She's a really big beacon.


As this is going on, I want to turn to Scanlan and go, Gnome. I have an idea that I want to run by you. No, your name's Scanlan. Okay. I was going to go and do this, just on a whim as I usually do, but I was thinking that we should speak to Allura, and I don't think I should speak to her alone.


Just think, slot machine!


Get out of that hallway!


Once. But are we trying to save a herd? Or are we trying to save a town?


Hey, Caduceus, you should probably be aware: we fought off a bunch of gnolls when we were making our way up through here.


We spent ten minutes getting this thing.


He has no idea what's happening.


I think that that's a really good idea, shooting an arrow down there.


Okay. All right, thanks, stone! It was not being held by that knight. No. It was buried somewhere.


Crazy shit.


(chanting) Apology, apology!


Ja, balls deep.


Maybe we can get back to talking to the dead people?


My shitty turn!


Is that B-52s?


Yeah. It might be magma coming out, though.


What's more important?


I rolled a two.


Everyone rest while I go peek, because I'm fine.


That's going to make tomorrow a little squirrely.


It was five total. Why don't we nail down who that is. It's the twins.


She's healing him.


And then we could claim that he was trying to steal property of the sultan.


I'm so scared of this with that hair on your head.


Aw. I cut a little slice off and give her one little slice.


The dice are doubled. Not your modifiers, but the dice.


It's a bite attack.


Yeah. Let's just take those horses. We don't even have to pay for them.


Also! Gilmore's Glorious Goods! Great work.


96, you said?


Come on, big money, no whammies. (laughter)


But with Hunter's Mark-- she's still Hunter's Marked!


I think if you put it near fire it could go explode. Who wants to hold it... who is not Jester?


It's 2d4?


Caleb runs up from under the deck with sulfur in one hand and bat shit in the other one. What is going on? What is this?


Are you sure? Did you check?


Magical.


And that would be strength-based, yeah? Because it doesn't say on his thing. That is a nine.


Remember how we talked about getting you out in the world more, and then you said you didn't want to, but then we said you're going to have to do it anyway?


I also want to tell you, Trinket. First of all, boy or girl? Just have to check.


We are going to need transport.


Not like the roaring sound of a waterfall.


That's a 28.


You were quite an inspiration, Allura. I hope you know. You inspired me quite a lot.


They're going to go irritate the other side of the water monster at the moment.


Scanlan. Do you wish we wouldn't have brought you back? Should we not have done that?


"From the town of Nigeria."


I'm just afraid if you go up there, that you're going to alarm yourself to other people.


Refreshing, it's loading.


Would I make an insight check, perhaps? No, that doesn't apply.


Yeah which is vague. A little. What's it made out of?


Six more hours? Let's make it so they have to break this into like five YouTube videos.


So I get to attack again, right?


One more thing, good sir. If you were going to find a place to sleep comfortably, quietly, and without incident for the evening in the city, is there a place that you would recommend to a friend?


It now lies at the bottom of the Ozmit Sea, sunken with the lost ship, The Shrew.


That's fantastic.


I think a week to prepare is reasonable.


Are you okay, Caleb? You went a little quiet there for a little while.


That was a triple-aged Gouda!


Fjord, First Mate Beauregard, I'm glad you're here. I want to introduce you to the new honorary member of The Mighty Nein.


Burn him.


And some of us are happy to see you.


I tried to look, but I'm a shark, so I don't know shit, really. It's a boat.


I look like Shaggy from the special episode of Scooby Doo where he's pretending to be a pirate.


If-- I know, we shouldn't have grabbed everything.


I shoulder him back to the group.


Oh boy, okay.


Right, left, straight, straight, left, straight, right.


Oh that's true, that's true.


Come on, Molly.


She doesn't actually have anything that can wake me up right now.


100 seconds have gone by.


A bottle! Right. You don't happen to carry any fine firewhiskey on you, do you?


Fucking wizards.


How do we fight rocks?


Total ten. 11.


You'll see, maybe next week?


Right? It looks very good on him.


Fins and gills. Alter Self.


I think we've already had an episode called "Whispers."


I know, right? Straight charisma. Seven?


We don't have any kind of corruption spell that ages things?


Yeah, you draw one and she draws one!


I'll run, but I'll say  No! No, don't take me with you. I need to stay here.


That is a six and a one, so seven points of acid damage.


I honestly don't understand any of this.


Tonight, when it looks like you're really fast asleep, I'll wake you up and ask you what you're thinking about!


And... I'm really nervous about this broom.


Point of random order before he runs--


I'm keeping an eye around as well.


I can arc.


Sagey rosemary?


And I turn Percy and Vax into squirrels with Polymorph. See? Polyamorous.


I can't move the boat, y'all.


We should maybe break down this ice wall and then not walk on this area. How about that?


A little, yep.


Do you get advantage because I'm engaged with it?


We can stop this, though. All we have to do is beat the titan. I've got magic missiles that can do 1d6 damage.


Oh god, just right in it already. We're just right in it.


I'll take point on the group that's following.


I've got to get to work.


Yeah. I mean, you did take care of us in those early days, even if you didn't know it. Jester picked up the bill a lot.


Natural 20! I was really looking forward to having no idea, but apparently--


Yes. I'm going to fly on my broom as far in as I can. And land, maybe on that? And just shoot arrows towards where I heard it coming from. I feel like I have one blazing bowstring left, because I used it once in the last battle, right?


Talk to the hand.


For the love of god, let something attack us.


Okay. I'm going to go a little risky here. I'm going to cast Speak With Plants.


All right. Wisdom save or wisdom check?


That's 17.


Jump into its throat.


Want to gamble?


Sure. Here, take it.


Yeah, I see things!


Okay, so the second was a 17. Plus two, would've been a 19.


He made a bear statue?!


Does it sparkle? It's got all sparkly little--


Our fucking team captain over here!


Psh.


Before we get back down to Caleb I say  do you need a hand?


Any effect?


Close. Something like that.


Oh my god. Why does it always leave off when he's about to get killed?


Great Weapon Master! Assassinate! Uncanny rage!


Oh, I'll take that 18. And I think my intimidation's an eight-- No, it's a seven. So-- 25.


I think you're right, but I don't know how he's managed to go this long. Why now, and why in front of all those people?


You're nervous down there.


Yeah! Bringing it back.


Bloody crocodile skins?


Quivering Palm?


But tell him to stay for now.


Take out the part where you say, "Do you like me? If so, check this box." (laughter)


This is going to be hilarious.


Whoa, that's an awesome die!


Yeah, that's way better! 27!


But yeah, fuck these horses.


Heart!


We could stay like this forever.


That's my thought.


Here, I'll trade you one. I trade him a greater for a common. I take the common.


What happened? Is a spell being cast?


In my friends.


He speaks to the sea?


I'd like to rage frenzy. Are there any bodies that we can look at?


Still his name.


DPB.


Not a super complicated thing, but, you know, I've gotta--


Yeah.


Hello? It's me, Scan-man.


I'm going to back away from the window.


Yeah. Have at it.


That's dark, but that's where we are.


A series of bad decisions.


As a gallow, yes.


Heal, heal, heal!


Wait, he took damage, though!


We haven't been to Gilmore's?


Sunlight that shit.


I'm a student of magic.


You still have my Immovable Rod?


It's a terrible sign, isn't it? Just really, really disturbing.


I mean in a strictly platonic, arcane sense.


It's an elven giant.


Well, they're good guys.


He's been working on it for a very long time.


Bog of Eternal Stench, I believe.


Come on! Do you have any more luck?


Well, maybe. There's two more things that I have unanswered questions for. First of all, you said we were going to stop on the way to get a new carpet or to get our carpet repaired?


Rickshaw's a good one! Let me tell you, secret weapon. I sleep near Percy a lot and he rhymes in his sleep. It's the strangest thing. Here, I'll show you, I'll show you. I haven't a fear in the world!


Yes, I have.


All right, let's have a group weird hug.


That's a shame


Like a hundred feet up, I think.


Probably used them. Probably really wanted some ice cream.


Look wet.


There's a chance?


Back up even further, away from any danger.


Or Lockheed?


40 feet in advance.


Nah. No big deal. An improvement. (laughter)


That's 20 for Trinket and 29 for me.


You take my ring.


We should register at very least, at this point.


Do we for sure need platinum?


Are you jealous of him?


I got advantage on the strength check, so it was a 26.


Did you want my hand or the statue?


Only sometimes, dear.


I can get in there and see who that is. I can go in, yeah.


Oh, that's not gonna go well.


Find allies in the town?


But I meant the patrons. Anybody that--?


Or, Scanlan--


Not great. 13.


Pike, this is Clarota. We've just met.


Dorito. I like that.


Nice boots. You have so many fucking boots.


Well, that's true. You can practice as much as you want over the next couple of days, but we don't want to impress them. The more they like it, the longer they'll stay.


So am I pretending to try and be stealthy? Am I going: Yo fuckface? Like, what's the vibe?


Keyleth Kraghammer.


In your room, praying?


Classic Ashley.


All right. Aye aye. We'll see you there in, what, a couple hours?


It's like resin.


What am I looking for? Perception check? That's good. 17. 30 total.


I like it!


In that case, I'm going to run out, grab and help drag everybody through the portal if I can.


Okay. We have 37 dragon teeth from the first white dragon.


You all right, mate?


All right, I tickle his hands.


(shouts) All of you, lay down your arms!


Now we're a kite.


I can't do what I was going to do. Fuck.


Okay, I don't know...


And did you say I had a half a tobacco box? Or no, just a tobacco box?


And Kaylie's sitting in the chair, or is she leaning back on?


She really is, that's being rude. But who lives in the tower? Is it Vecna or Mistress Delilah?


Go to the west.


Either one. They're both good. Go for the first one. Pick one.


Did you add it to anything?


No, I mean, you just dumped some heavy-ass shit like that and then ask me to leave. No, I get it, it's fine.


I'm poisoned. (laughter)


No problem, man.


Good leading, good leading.


It gives you some bonus.


(gasps) A hot air balloon!


Get the carpet from him instead.


If these were rupees, this is what they would feel like.


29 times two is what?


Although we don't--


What do I, what the fuck do I roll, to the thing. What do I roll? A 12?


Okay, we're getting into singing. No. I'm calling it, then?


Yep. The bigger, the better.


Just a little bit. Put some fat on those fey bones of yours.


You had some weird-ass spells up, right? You had some weird-ass shit that I didn't know about. I saw them, but I never really poked. You don't have to tell me what it was; did you have some weird shit that if I had prodded it would have been a thing?


Roll like it's a stealth roll.


Yeah. Scanlan.


Do I have to heal him now?


Have you ever made him a snake? Have you ever made him a roach?


No, I was waiting outside the door.


Scooch my booch.


There should be five of them. The leader's name's Lorenzo. He's a human. This is weird. Ruzza the half-elf sorcerer. Protto, shitty little halfling rogue. Dwelma is a half-orc druid woman. How much more do I have to tell?


But I'm short! I'm so short. They would--


He smells like sandalwood and dismissiveness, but that's okay. We'll get over that.


I don't know about evil, but if I have to come back, I might be a lot more selfish.


You're a legend.


You want some more d4s?


You're such a good bear. Okay.


I rolled a 12.


Oh no, it's getting late. I'm getting confused.


I understand that. I'm weighing multiple options, dear. No, I will cast Vow of Enmity. I'll cast it on my bonus action, then attack, attack.


Ahh, the silver dollars.


Whatever floats your boat, Stubby, but, you know. Just don't wuss out on me now.


Yes, sure, this will be fun.


I did have times when I was walking, where I heard your voice, but I didn't really hear words. It was more like (indiscernible babbling). I didn't get any--


Let's look at the backside instead. This is a little awkward.


This is kind of where I live. What are you doing here?


Okay, good! I'm going to cast Blindness/Deafness at level three on both of the--


See it, see it.


No, very abbreviated, just a short-- can you say the word of what it is.


Oh, then, never mind.


Oh, what's the play? What's the play? Ah! I'm going to-- Yeah, fuck it. I'm going to walk up.


Okay, maybe stop. I'm just afraid he's going to look over here at any moment. I'm keeping an eye on good old Korshad, and seeing if he looks over here. I also want to see if I can catch his lips and see what he's talking about over on the side there.


Do you want to use Bigby's Hand to take that pyramid, shove it in the coals, heat it up, and see if that makes a difference, shove it back in hot?


Strength has advantage.


I'll mark it down to half the boar meat is gone now, you guys.


Okay, I thought it was for a second.


Hop on the broom.


I don't know, can you?


Fine, fine.


Yeah, we're being followed. Where are we in relation to everybody?


Fine, go for it.


Yeah! Yeah. You got this.


Yeah! Roll for fucking putting on swimsuits!


I'll go killer whale.


I had to burn a resolve.


I don't think you have that power.


No. Eight. Not stealthy.


Sure. Then sign it Lord Sutan.


Iva Deshin. I'm new to town, and I'm looking for a bit of reading, and this place has been highly recommended to me, and I'm wondering what--


He could read our minds but we'll be outside.


Wow. That's excellent!


I get that. Maybe we try not to do that. I check you, you check me. We check the group. Otherwise, I feel like Caduceus is not going to be the last person that thinks about--


The presence of the distortion and the corruption is getting stronger northeast.


What's your awesome shot?


Oh, you already did. Okay, so never mind. I missed it.


It's like a motion simulator ride. Whoa!


Not to put you too at ease, navigating was never really my thing, either. I'm better than most, but I do need to decide on where we're going.


Have we also forgotten that this entire town is looking for us?


Like a treasure chest? If-- can you cast it in like a barrel that he's going to break open?


You can try.


They're out there trying to find a solution for whatever ails it?


She can hump your leg.


I mean, we're going to find our way to Darktow.


At the break, he said "I quit" and he walked out.


Yes? Then I'm going to cast Toll the Dead at him.


You can keep the jewels, though. Stanky jewels.


I don't care, I start tying a rope around his legs.


Sorry!


We've got some bottles, don't worry.


Hold on. He's downstairs. Underground. Do we think maybe he's a--


You guide. In the front.


You don't get scurvy?


So is that ritual she was rambling about?


You shut up.


Do we still have the writ, or is the writ gone?


Who here cannot change their appearance? You? That's it.


Is Cassandra still there?


I'm going to try and wake up Cassandra.


No, no, I can make really good origami now. Can I try and take out the flaming warhammer, the Firebrand Warhammer?


A gentle title will suit your sister well. I'm leaving.


Tensed. Your buttholes.


I'm just asking. I don't know! Could be free love and a bunch of crazy people roaming around, I don't know!


We're getting into the water and we'll just either hold on to the back, or if we have rope on the dock, I'll just tie four foot--


That was more Caleb than Yasha, but--


There's Stilben. Which was on the coast?


I'm going to follow suit as I see what Vax is doing. I'm going to cast Hold Person on the dwarf.


I inspired him quite a while ago. How long does that--


I have a half damage to all bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage?


Rounded vowels. (laughter)


Yeah yeah yeah. So we fought this other thing because of Quall.


Oh, we are from Emon, as well.


What are you talking about, why?


As I go into the ground.


I mean he's pretty good at Dungeon Mastering, right?


There we go, it's so cute.


The hype continues.


(whispers) He said forefathers.


Ugh, it's still alive.


Hang on. Cabal's Ruin, which is a magic-devouring cloak--


That's why I didn't take them.


Farts. Farts.


Bless you, Senokir.


What is he saying?


Meat or mead?


Matt, I'll cast Light still behind these guys, but it comes out of her draconic eye. She brushes her hair to the side and she has a yellow draconic eye on her left side.


I sit down on the ground Indian-style.


Yeah, we're already down there.


Oh my god! If they don't make that they're fools!


Fitz, I suggested that you do everything in your power to help my friend Fjord, and for the next eight hours, that is what you will do.


Thank you, thank you. All right, I'm leaving this on his desk.


There was definitely more than one. It was at least two or three.


I say  Well, these can do some damage.


Is there a fireplace in the room?


I’m gonna tell them. Oh my gosh.


Disdain for organized crime in the Empire.


No, but I have gunpowder.


Oh, natural 20 on stealth!


We should make some sweet necklaces. Any scales?


You know what? I think he's old enough that he's gotten past all the bachelor-ing and the bachelorette-ing.


Congratulations!


Do they sell potions and things here in town--


Sweet. That's 17.


Let me show you. It attaches like this.


Werewolves! Next week! Travis Willingham, living his best life.


Me too!


I pull out my necklace with the tooth on it.


Among other things, it seems like.


Yeah, Yeenoghu.


The Dwendalian Empire kind of sucks, you guys.


So no sneak attack, although I was hidden at the end of last turn.


Has everybody focused on that thing now?


"Is that what I am?"


Thank you, sir. Jameson, was it?


You know, those rocks came out of nowhere. I thought you were in the clear, as well. All I saw was Keyleth and then this little tiny fleck of gold and then gone.


I mean, I'm with you Caleb. If you don't want to go then let's go back to the Leaky Tap.


Still alive.


Probably not!


We want to see everyone within a reasonable driving or flying distance.


Okay. I'm going to pick up the pieces and--


30. No. 28.


We need to do that. But we did just finish a mission.


225 gallons.


G-G.


I defer to the group. I think we work well together and whatever you think's best.


Yeah, she'll be terrified.


Did we even ask where we last saw Riskel whatever?


I come inside and I see the ethereal things, I'm like, ghosts! And I take Craven Edge and I swing at the ethereal sumbitch!


I also do have a large tapestry that's relatively clean if anyone's feeling cold.


I roll 14.


Bam! Bam!


I take Lady Kima's portions and I--


Can I do a religion check on it?


Will it protect all of us?


And where does it take us?


Eight plus four is 12 plus four points of necrotic for 16 total points of damage.


I race over to Scanlan and I pour a level-3 healing potion into Scanlan's mouth.


Tell him I love him.


I throw him a pillow.


I'll come down and visit a lot.


Do you ever wish you could do what she does?


Oh god, I'm going to die.


Two plus three. That’s five.


Gently!


Where does all this stuff inside of you go? You have so much extra storage space in you.


The red bubble? This is some labyrinth shit, motherfucker.


Let's just hope she stays that way. I start harvesting the white dragon as much as I can.


Matt is very committed.


No, no, I'm standing here. I can't let you do this.


Keep running toward the Raven Queen temple as that's happening.


Okay, I feel like this has changed the plan that I had.


I have 30 tickets left, so 28 now.


I don't think I'll be able to do a Fireball without hitting either Kiki or that innocent.


Haa - sure.


And Mama.


Hey. Oh. Hi.


What do I do, times two?


No, but seriously, you still attacked the guards, right?


Not a lot of remains to be, you know.


Nothing-- said a voice that wasn't there. Carry on.


Well, okay, so us as killer whales, we're challenge rating three. Except none of us are killer whales.


I'm Sherlock Holmes, because that's the best I could do in two hours' time, after figuring out that I was supposed to do this while working on another project.


So one? (laughter)


They have ears on that thing. And if we drag that fucking carcass back to the surface, I bet that'll--


I don't want to go further than roughly 60 feet away from my sister.


And so since that was a third shot, it was also a bonus shot, so that's got an extra-- okay! Does that mean that everything gets doubled?


I'll roll this one. It's eight! Okay, hang on. (counting) 30. I picked it up. 38.


They pass out when the manacles go on?


What are you reading?


I shake it off my staff a little bit.


Who gives up first?


Great. (shouts) Good job, Yonn!


We're rolling for stealth? With advantage?


Oh yeah, I'm asleep.


But I can't go invisible while you're flying.


Exchange students.


Once the sun comes up--


I've been waiting.


Not too good?


Enter the locket, Fassbender.


He's also colorblind, I should mention.


If he's willing.


How many feet? 50 to 60 feet?


So it makes its saving throw, so nothing happens.


It just says plus two bonus to AC and saving throw-- oh, requires attunement.


Oh I'm rolling an eight as well?


I'll leave Pike where she is and I'll run up and flank Iceberg Lobsterface.


I'll see how long I last.


Do you have a name?


Right, so eight.


I also might want to buy weapons, if you have a weapon that is also really cool and stuff.


Are we going to kill him?


Okay. That tree. Psew!


What if she came home with some crazy outfit? Crazy cloak.


What a nice guy he is! Certainly not someone we should swindle!


I am a big reader and there is a lot I don't know, like my tall friend over here. I mean, there must be trouble that breaks out. There must be bar fights.


Okay. Sit down. Go to sleep, this is a dream.


You bitch.


It's like a bra, like a little bikini.


It's still wet!


Where did it come from?


I'll look around. Are there any other entrances?


Well if they're fighting, wouldn't it mean it's not over?


We just left there.


Money pot?


Got it. So we should keep going? We should just keep going. Magma? Follow the magma.


That's fine. That's 40 with the Pass Without a Trace.


Oh my god, this sucks! Eight points of damage. What is this about?


Yes. And now give one of your dice back, whichever one you don't want, and roll it again.


Can I start talking to Vax over the comms?


Just because I have a fear of construction paper. Advantage.


I thought the gates were underwater?


Sometimes a cat, so be careful with your squirrel around his cat.


Was that the one you critted on?


All right. That's not a 1.


Here, hold the bag.


You know what? It's fine. And I'm going to do the scry.


Pike's next. I mean, Pike is after you.


I'll be there Saturday.


We're in clouds!


I'll also do first watch.


Always.


You probably should keep your voice down, Tiberius.


What headband?


Are you super strong?


We've come a very long way. Keyleth is near her family. She needs to see where that road lies.


Okay. Should we scout around and see if there's anything else around the hideout that we should be aware of, or any other hiding places, or safehouses?


So many daggers.


Yeah. Yep.


Oh. You're gonna jump her, eh?


(Chewbacca sounds)


We should really tip 10%.


This is amazing, and I love you. That is amazing!


Do you need me to touch it to disarm it?


It is ten minutes plus one minute as a ritual. So yeah.


Fair. We will meditate upon it.


Oh! That's good.


Maybe all the evil things in the Fire Plane are gone right now and they're with Thordak.


Steal from the dead bodies?


I've been, like small boulders. I've been (struggling).


How much have you had from that bottle of yours?


Beause it's salmon. It's a salmon pie, and he loves salmon.


I went to college there.


Well good to know, but we're still going.


Hello Percy.


It's too much of a risk to go back normally anyway. We might as well find him.


I do! I was the last one, you guys! It feels-- doesn't really feel like anything.


Plus two on top of the armor, so it's four.


Jester, help me! We start backing up, yeah.


Please be open, please be open, please be open.


I'm going to charge in towards the pedestal. What's the first thing that I reach?


Yep. Don't know if I care. I'm going to go over to her.


We're here! We're ready to fight. What do you need us to do?


Trinket follows before I do.


Angry icy terrain or cannibal zombie dwarves.


It's cozy over here.


Yes it does.


It's a lake.


Are they going back?


Yeah. Ooh. Got a nice Erika Ishii zig-zag pattern now in my undercut.


I've got an old tobacco box I got from lost and found.


I'm sorry, she's very forward.


YouTube it!


Oh, at the end. But I was inspired by that explosion!


The little blue gem?


They're coming this way!


I'm going to spend a grit point. I'm going to take another shot to try and drop him.


Okay. Do I see Trinket underground?


It's about 30 feet away?


Or you can try and intimidate us, and say something really scary, or make some noise.


Plus eight? 20!


I add all of my dice together and then I double it, and then I add the modifier? Okay. And I Hunter's Marked him, yeah.


So that's 15.


Wrong timeline.


We're so baked.


That's longer than us! How did you know we were coming?


Let me confer with my partner. (whispers) How many on your hands is that? Yeah, no-- both hands, how many?


Wait, one second. Do we want to lure it into a house and all of us be waiting to gank the shit out of it?


What screen are you on?


Strapping, like a dick.


You don't want to see what happens at the end of the journey? You want to come with us, right?


Oh. Or that.


It is sort of sad that we didn't catch any theater.


I'm still unconscious.


I take the Firebrand Warhammer with the Chain of Returning attached to it. I activate it, and I throw it at Lady Delilah.


I do. Yep, I do. I'm going to cast Enhance Ability on your charisma.


The Iron Duke himself.


It'll take me like an hour. It's fine. What time is it?


I pick up Nott. I walk her as we tiptoe across the roof.


It's not entirely wrong, though.


Oh wait, I do have something.


Well, then. That sounds like a wonderful time. It's all right that you missed Pike.


Okay! I'm going to stay right here!


Oh! I rolled a 19. (laughs) 21.


