I did, the tattoo.


Can I add the inspiration to the-- no, just to the roll, right. That is an eight.


That was so weird, right?


Night walk! Night hike.


The dome cages are solid steel, or are they bars?


Noted.


That lasts a while.


The source of the bad?


Exactly! We free the Elder Brain, they attack it.


Put him in the Bag of Holding!


Or she took off all of his clothing and he's riding around naked.


He's tough.


Drown him?


I kind of want to fucking punch you back.


Speaking of swords--


It's for my asthma. I promise.


I don't think that's how that works.


Will the dog eat the owl?


So it would good for us to get that last one so that she can't.


In addition to the one we just made?


It probably does, but at the same time, you don't get something from nothing. And... life needs things to live.


Yeah, do we have to wait long, because I have the pee. You know? Where you're like hide-and-go-seek pee?


I think they're going to be nervous that Fjord doesn't speak the language and is moving at half-- plus he swims funny.


That's right! And then we could bring in the forces.


You going to tell him?


Like a hundred feet.


I've talked to many bees in my time.


I got tricks.


Oi! Shorthalt!


How about I do what Scanlan says?


I can only have it on one person at a time. So who would be most likely to resist slashing and bludgeoning and piercing?


Good evening, your lordship.


Wait, did everyone roll 20s on their first roll?


This is not a check; this is a save.


I'll go, then. I go over to Vax. Is he on a raised platform?


Yeah, sure, I'll go through the window.


Me already? I was at seven.


Just straight-up. Just right in.


Yeah, he had the disguise spell.


Sure. Okay!


Before you do, could we ask a small favor of you?


I think he's eating popcorn, or maybe opening a butterscotch candy in the theater.


He still saves?


No, nobody's in the room. He's the only one in the room.


We'll call him Honda.


We can wait. That's fine.


For a split-second, you sounded like Kermit the Frog.


It's wet.


Yes, that would be lovely, thank you.


Bolt.


Explosion!


Whitestone. My god, I'm hungry.


Okay, bye.


Can I use the rest of my turn to help her up?


We're going to tie a chain to it.


Can I go first so I don't do any damage to you guys if you guys go in?


How did you have that ready?


I almost got it memorized though.


I give half of my bacon to Caleb. Here you go.


Mutual fan.


But Frumpkin's not as-- I mean, yes, that would be great. But Frumpkin's not as stealthy as I am.


This is how we train with Grog. It's fine.


I thought she was confused.


I'm popping back on the road.


I have a portrait, it's really fantastic.


Okay, that's a regular old four plus six is ten, and then out comes the Venom Dagger, which has already spit its poison, and that is a 26, which also hits, and that is a four plus six is ten. So (dagger noises) down its neck.


There are going to be consequences to this no matter what.


1d10. That’s even better.


You were so great.


Big expensive artifacts.


Use your legs. Bend the knees.


The facial features of the god, the deity, right? Is that what he is?


Can I just make the decision?


Ponies!


C'mon, pretty boy, let's go.


Probably Vecna. Vecna's a much bigger problem, right?


Boom! Speed is zero.


We have more than one? You have one?


Lovely. All right.


Day two.


Your blood-- you got some to spare. You can get more of it. That's how your body works.


Okay, cool. We're doing the pillars.


Happy holidays.


Okay, so that's not the one we want; we want the one in red that was controlling the orb.


I was actually just contemplating that, because you know how frustrated you get opening up a crab when you're going to eat it--


Percy gave me.


Yeah? Okay. Well, I mean, they would've washed away if they were old, so probably pretty new. Let's follow them.


There's still two more lords in the city. And there is the castle. They know we're here now.


I think it's already poisoned.


Oh my gosh, thank you so much. That's beautiful.


It's dex. Sacred Flame.


Have you heard any stories about how people crossed these damn rivers before?


Pissblossom.


This was really stupid. We were so dumb. This was so dumb.


Does he spin the globe?


Strength modifier, that's ten!


I'll turn around and go the other way.


(Elmo voice) (giggling)


Wow. I walk off and look for Jarett.


I know. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds at 3rd-level on Percy. Six, nine. So 11. No, 12, sorry.


I guess we should follow him, then.


You can use it as a bonus action.


One for each arm, eh? All right, the one that I have, I'm not stopping, until it's completely empty. Bring your goblets and cups. It's time to get fucked up.


I appreciate well-made boots.


I'm feeling slightly better but slightly worse?


20! (cheering)


Does he have any more inspiration?


But can I see-- I pull my head up, what can I see at the top of the stairs, is there a landing?


It's a key.


Quick perimeter check to see if we alerted anything, anything's looking at us.


Not so good.


We could throw a grapple for ten feet, I know that.


Time to go.


I have been tweeted at by eight billion people saying that on attack of opportunity on a reaction, I get sneak attack.


We're sending you a message right now. Send back with your address and we'll send you all sorts of great shit. Tune in tomorrow, guys, for Group Hug. Hector's bringing a couple of comedian friends of his, and they are playing all of the Jessica Jones Alias characters tomorrow, and nobody wanted to play Purple Man.


32 points of damage.


Weirdly, the map looks even more like my penis now.


Okay. I don't need to be able to see it. I know exactly the spot I desire. I can visualize it because we've been in her office before.


Amy Dallen is up next and--


There's no time for that.


My Second Wind.


I'm trying to say we roll deep.


(as Jester) Oh, this man has the Luck feat.


Oh, why am I even coming back? (inhale) (splash)


The guy who actually got taken from us was helping me.


Hold on. Tiberius is gonna work some magic, and then try to conjure up a few more. He was unaware there was a shortage of, of those-- okay.


She did! She said she'd wait.


Because Tiberius can get some of us out, right?


I don't see why not.


It's D&D  Everything's organic!


The creeps are creeping.


Let's run. I pick up Pike, I put her on my shoulder, and we run.


Look, you're hurting it!


Yay, that's better. That's a 28.


And that shit's happening soon?


Rakshasa!


They were the two that were just pointed out to all of us.


We'll take a nap and we'll go tomorrow. It's getting late, the Thunderbrands are probably going to bed at this point. We don't want to invade. They're probably just sitting down for dinner.


What are you offering, money?


Do you perform in the circus, too?


(growls) Sure, for you.


An 11 on top of that, so--


We don't know anything. Everyone was dying around us, we made it to the keep.


The body.


The Herd? I thought the Herd's-- Okay.


Can sparrows hear?


Does it look like it's been ransacked at all?


Can't you go invisible?


I'll have the soup.


Is that your second Luck?


Walk towards the busty lady.


You know what? I love her anyway. (laughter)


Sylas is back.


This is-- What's your name?


It could be because we won, and Blemmy's crew stole our money.


You can hold your attack until she appears again.


How about The Captain?


Right. So can I touch the cow on the head?


I think we're all broken, Percy.


You stealth around. They won't even know that you're there while we're attacking. Untie the guards and then we all run.


Okay. 1d8 fire damage. Great.


How could you do that?


No, he won't die. You've got to trammel him. You can't kill him.


It's fascinating. (laughter)


Fair enough, it's a pigeon. A feral pigeon.


Okay...


We feel that.


Let's get the orb at the very least.


It's Thordak's army. Asum said himself we're eastward. We're directly in its path.


You!


I'm using my elbow. Fucking balls, why does this keep happening to me? Five points of damage on that first one, and I'm going to do a stunning strike.


That's a lot! You could freeze it.


Why unfortunately?


You had this very vivid look the whole time.


Video games!


I give her a big hug, a kiss on the forehead--


Oh no, oh no!


--I don't really need the book. So perhaps Percy should look at it.


Really nasty plants. And I go over. I'm pretty sure my Control Water lasts for a minute, yeah?


Is that four, and we have three days to do this in?


We had just landed.


Look at this. Also, hi, Dread Singles, feel better! Look at that! Look at it on paper! Look at the color! We can hold it and taste it and smell it!


Not very good at all.


Where are the Briarwoods?


It just burps out lightning.


You just always have to be alert, you never know, sometimes you think you know but you don't actually know!


A dragon, goblin drained, brained--


You ain't no baby.


We should have talked this through before.


That's not the direction of the voice.


I want to keep it.


I'm going to draw in my sketchbook a drawing of the devil toad head rolling along the ground like a bowling ball.


As they are doing this with their noses, I'm going to open my bottle of air and just have it (soft spraying sound).


All eyes on me. I swing at it. The first one regular.


Okay, I'm going to run to it, her, it, whatever, because I don't think they can-- well, maybe they can Counterspell this, but I'll do a Thunderwave.


Boulder-Parchment-Shears.


Can you do that and concentrate at the same time?


Be careful, okay?


I don't mind you taking a look, but be careful.


Maybe if I Polymorph as a goliath, I would have their speed, right?


Yeah, thought I'd maybe Luke Skywalker his hand.


Oh wait, you told me to!


Love that guy.


Wow. Where is it?


I'm back from the chest. I take out one dagger and throw it at the chest to sink it into the lid. From a ways back.


Should I open the little box again?


I'm not opposed.


You're alive.


Just, come over, and--


I also make a matching corsage and pin it on his lapel, as well.


I'm much shorter than you.


No, he's a bad guy?


Like balsamic vinaigrette.


Watch my form and technique. I pick up the bow, and I take the stick thing. I pull it back like this.


It hits harder?


Attack I just did was 28 points of damage.


You're not dead, because we didn't even want to fight you, but you attacked us.


Yes, I can.


I'm going in that tunnel, too.


I forgot that Doty knocked out the guards, so I should have been like, oh, we rescued you from this horror.


All right, that's no good. And then the bonus action is also no good.


Oh! I have your books.


Are you drawing, Matt, right now?


I can go first and summon some light.


You're about to be!


And I'm at disadvantage. Does it seem like if I cast something that would do mass damage, would the giant then not want to attack with us anymore?


All right, I'll throw it in his face.


You're taking us through the bog?


Yep. Pretty close.


Keg should lead.


You're married?


Wait. Beau, Jester, Yasha?


Yeah. It went one, 19.


(shouting) What? You can make us fly?


Am I grappled or did he just bitch slap me?


Damn right.


Exactly, a spoon of it!


Oh, that's a one.


Okay. I'll try to chop off the head as much as I can.


Got it. That was a natural one.


Well, okay. Then we're fine.


Is he dead? Is he dead yet?


Don't hit that.


Ja, I know. This is probably not going to work, but I can't hurt him. Fuck. Good, better. 23.


All I have are these.


Wait, I thought that was part of the game. Is it not?


He's held right now.


Yeah, he did


No! Figure it out! Make it work for yourselves, assholes. That was a 6th-level spell, god damn it.


If we can all three in one swift movement once we've weakened--


All right, fine! Let's do whatever you guys want to do.


I could poop us a bed. Are we okay here, safely, or should I get us something special?


I'm going to keep flanking around in the shadows, trying to stay out of trouble. Crossbow at the ready.


Natural one on the second, motherfuck. 16. A natural one is--


Aww, fuck.


Should we do a circle, surround the perimeter, just in case?


I think the meeting is actually tomorrow.


I grab Kima by the wrist. Not right now, maybe?


Because he died.


Ooh! 11.


That's a one, so that misses. I'm not going to use Sharpshooter on the next one. That is a 24.


Can I float down and try to grab him?


We have a string of bad luck. We tend to get in trouble in places for various reasons. Some of which is my fault. Most of which is my fault. I have sticky fingers. I can't help myself sometimes. I'm fascinated by little bobbles and fancy pieces of jewelries and I love trinkets so much! I just have to take them, and have them with me, and put them in my pockets. It's gotten us in a few scrapes a couple times. Caleb, he is fantastic. Very patient with me, understands. But really it's my fault; it's not him. He's a smart man, a brilliant magician! Have you seen? Some of his tricks are phenomenal, really.


You just NPCed me. Just NPCed me all over the place.


And I already checked for traps and there were no traps, just locks


(scoffs) How? Why? Vax! And I take off running. Vax! Where are you? Where are you?


Saving or check?


I'm going to Slimer the kid.


If we rest.


A spell, Matt?


I just need you to believe it.


I can do it. I'm going to get one of my beetles to come out and bite my finger for me.


I don't have any fire. I don't know why I was sent into this mission. I don't do fire things. I will drop my form. Is that an action?


Yeah, I'm bringing everybody with me.


I previously wanted to go north to the Soltryce Academy, but I feel like that's another step in the direction that's not pressing for right now.


I've got it, Burt. Just because you didn't like paperwork, or Elven, doesn't mean I don't. I've got it. But Uriel's not going to be pleased.


I have to go home with you.


(squawks) I look over at Scanlan and I'm like (squawk)?


Yeah. Pudgy.


Grog, you can eat the ice cream from the whore.


Well, that is a very real possibility.


Okay. It's okay.


There's something familiar about him.


Well, there is still Vandren. I have read every inch of her notes, I have communicated them to you.


Cool. Can it cost more if I hire a mage?


No, oh no. Laura asks a good question.


Yes, Grog, you killed it good.


As smart as you?


Veiled threat.


I'm the leader. I'm going to say I'm going to.


We're coming real close.


But!


Can I try it with you?


We take our leave.


I sing-- (sings) No I don't want to get hurt, by you. Doo doo doo doo.


Yug'Voril. Is it from Yug'Voril?


Because it's outside of this cave, and what if it's a distraction like, "Oh, lookit!" and you eat it and you just die?


I can only imagine. I'm really sorry I took your lip off, by the way.


I was going to say, what bars are open?


No, but I could get closer.


We can do this.


Look at this lameness that you could have on your wall! So yeah. It's in the store right now, you guys, and we printed a small amount, so those ones will be shipped faster, and then after that it'll just be pre-order, but I think it's all listed as pre-order, so just so you know.


I just pet Trinket and tell him to duck down. (laughs)


Does the hat need to be attuned over a short rest?


(whispers) It's a spell! I'm actually still me, don't worry.


Frumpkin's back on your shoulder. Okay. Four globules of light lower down to the fountain and look over the side to see what that lights up.


To confirm, step one is tree goes down on cart one, if it's that way, right? Slow happens, you can get a sneak attack in if it's an ambush.


Oh, sorry.


You see that? I'm their hero.


No, no no, I'm gonna hold him there, 'cause he's already in the room.


Ukraine, definitely.


I'm just saying, we have that at our disposal when we feel. Do we want to do a quick Commune with Nature, then, to try and get paths? It's going to take a few minutes, though.


I put the pot on his head.


What is fully included in the climber's kit?


Just use your thing! Don't you have, like, Burning Hands or something?


Yasha's in here, too!


I don't know what any of you are talking about. Are you giving it to me? Yep. I've got it. Over here. (sniffs) What does it smell like? (deep inhale) What does it smell like?


Hey. Funny seeing you here.


We can talk in mist form?


It's not fun, is it?


She doesn't steal things?


We're going to be dead in ten minutes.


Does his companion have a name?


You said it was hanging by a thread, right?


That's a piece of shit. I love it.


(quietly) No.


So good!


Good thing you got a thousand hit points.


That's a candle, that's a candle! Stop eating the candle. [laughter]


Trinket, is that okay?


It can see me?


Are we far enough away from it?


We're up on top, up there?


Here?


Do I roll for the thing?


It is raining.


And then I die.


(Cosby voice) You see--


Back to our friends.


We tried.


Grog gets vomited up in front of me?


What is today for Critical Role?


We got betrayed by Clarota at the 11th hour, so--


Probably like punk rock hippopotamuses.


All right. I was just curious. Thank you.


What do you think, Keyleth? I mean, it's your family.


Do you know all the rules and stuff?


Yeah, she's alive.


Well, Fjord is nudging at Caleb--


Quick question. We didn't roll our temporary hit points for our Heroes' Feast.


(quietly) Let me get more d4s out. I'll do this twice. That will be enough. Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Oh, that's good. Eight, so that's 15, 19, 22, plus another eight?


Yeah yeah yeah.


I know, but it's the principle.


How many does she get?


Here we go again, on my own. That will not hit. And one more time, for the cheap seats; that will not hit. Okay, go ahead.


We'll totally take brooches.


Oh yeah, there was something about that.


You promised you'd keep that secret.


Little baby dragons?


Can I pull out a wand, or not even?


I want that PowerBall winnings.


It was cold (laughs). It was real cold.


And what good does it do the world to know how to bring back souls as the undead? It seems kind of dark.


But you know, blow a couple more spells.


I'm possessed, though.


In the past, well, now eight days.


Frumpkin, or--?


Grab my potion and take it.


Yes, but it doesn't matter, because I still wanted to do it when I did it.


No he is not.


Involved? Yeah.


Yeah, in.


I'm going to take another shot at him. I'm going to make this a sharpshooter shot, and again with advantage because that's fun. Here we go. Damn! Almost a crit. That's 29. That hits.


Okay, so here's my question.


Won!


Wait, how far down does it go?


Old prison poop.


Oh, right. What are we supposed to do now?


Does Jester have her Spiritual Weapon out?


One of ours?


You know what would make you move pretty fast is a lady rogue with a flying broom.


You're not jealous, are you?


You're going to cook in that thing.


So it was a five.


Hang on, wait, Grog! Grog, come here.


Are there boats for rent, for hire?


No, why would we be ambitious like that? We're not in a hurry.


From around?


This is simultaneous.


Yeah, but you could still die.


And then island. Let's go there.


Limericks, limericks, they respond to limericks.


He was tall, I mean everyone looks 20 feet tall to me, I'm a gnome.


Oh okay, thank God.


I poke my head out and I go  You owe me a night! And I go back in. I pop back in and I go: I'll be back in like an hour and 20 minutes.


I rolled huge. 28.


Jump back in.


Friends. One minute.


Go to Trader Sam's.


Perception.


Is there a dare option?


Okay. Yeah, we're definitely underwater. Do we see the entrance or exit ahead of us?


Where do I add the +2 to strength for the dad strength I have now? (laughter)


Less than 20.


Come on, kitty! Come on, Frumpkin!


What's the plan here? Are we going to flee?


The music, do you hear it?


Got almost all of it out.


Half as much, yeah.


She's Wolverine!


Just have to desecrate a relic.


This is not going to go well for you unless you can produce some results.


He tap-dances on boats.


Close, but different motive.


That was for my friend Vax.


I'm of the opinion they probably want to banish it somewhere.


Can I survey the road in the direction of the embassy. Do we see anything?


We should go in.


(whispers) What's he talking about, Grog?


Actually, Delilah is.


I just remembered it was your birthday.


Make sure she's all right and--


I think we have to go back on the airship to go get it.


Okay. Cool. So that's 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage, twice. So that's five, six. So that's ten. Nine, plus another 13. 23 points of damage.


Into the inside of the volcano?


Can I get within 60 feet of it?


Don't know the name. Just being casual, you know.


Oh, I don't know, we can understand a lot.


You have two potions, don't you?


Oh, that seems like a justification, sure.


Can you describe the top of the pyramid?


I left.


Definitely Matt, Taliesin, and I, and maybe others?


Yeah. Why?


Tary. You look like yourself again.


(laughter) "No!"


Best response ever.


Yes, thank god. 18.


Wubba lubba "werbage"!


How many points of healing did you give me? When you poured the spell in my mouth?


(laughs) Thanks, brother.


Damn trash pandas, get out of here!


Okay. So I roll with advantage?


It's like a weaponized version of one of those balls that you throw up in the air and it turns inside out.


I'm like (growling). I'm circus bear-ing.


And you made a guy like give us things for super cheap, which is like the best thing in the world.


You don't sleep naked?


What you just did dispelled whatever ward was on the cabinet, however the carpet I can't tell exactly what's going on but there is something--


You might want to talk through me. I'm his most prized pupil.


Come on, maybe it needed to be something else.


I go forth to investigate.


Does enlarging do anything to my damage? Sorry.


Bummer.


Is that a yes? You said yes.


Whoever took our purses has our drink tokens too.


Me and Scanlan take flight and we go back in and we try to find Kamal again.


I halt everybody, and I say  Wait.


I'm going to put all of them in!


Very low.


The way you're putting that is a lot worse than actually--


It's like a (whoo, boom).


Oh my god, you look just like my sister! You look just like me! That is fucking weird-- (laughter)


You kill us all.


It's wood! It took me five minutes.


You're with the worst sandcastle partner.


Yes, I can hear you.


Investigation is 13.


I held back two minutes to let Frumpkin quietly come back.


Seven for me as well. And Jester is six.


The sword, and I will tell you what it is, but you have to hold it for a while, Muscles.


Yeah, that happened.


Plus the d4, that's 14. Plus three is 17.


12 41?!


You're really a girl on fire now.


I'll save Trinket.


It's kind of creepy, man.


Doty, stay here. I'll jump on the broom. I cast Fly on-- no, I don't have to cast Fly. I'm on a broom!


Oh yeah, meet us up top? (under his breath) He ain't going to survive that.


No, no, we can't just leave.


You raise after each roll?


Can I go up and see if I can get one of those little red rocks?


Well, I haven't had my morning shit yet, but as soon as I do--


Can I just ask before we leave, how much are the ships that are for sale?


Well I am curious about this. Can we see this from the beach we're on? What is this?


We've got some fancy-ass bottles.


I turn to everyone behind me and I go, aw, fuck!


David Mack posters.


I have a feeling there's going to be a lever-y or a move-y situation.


Hey, let's do it. You'll walk your buzz off.


Wait, bye, Pike!


Oh, a history check? Four. He's a person.


He's unconscious. I pop him out, if you're going to heal us.


Is that a charm?


All right. That was my-- (clattering over Skype) (laughter)


Lederhosen.


The Lochward, is that what we're talking about?


You cast Pass without a Trace on all of us.


I can still see everything, right?


We can either pull the name off of the boat or alter it.


What can you cook? That's interesting.


Will not die.


Shorthalt, you got any Bigby's left in you?


I don't know which ones to go with!


I'm sorry. Tiberius and Vax, then.


You went to no's like, "No no no."


Two years ago, did you have all those tattoos?


Okay, that will do. I'm going to-- What's the smart play here?


They hold information. They've got a decent amount of relics and spell books and things that they might know.


I'm going to Blood Maledict. I'm going to Curse of the Eyeless on that imp.


Why were you following us?


Wow. It's all right. Uncanny Dodge!


How long is the walk?


Get out, get, go.


Old Man Logan!


Or the glowing place.


Can we drop the endless rope down, say, hey, grab on.


The runes are part of the Dwarven language, so I know them.


He looks like he is in Miami.


It's going to be a living baby.


While he's doing that, can I pop my head underwater and look around, just make sure there's no-- anything coming around?


I don't know. Do I know?


We can't go anywhere near those buildings. We have to stay as far away as humanly possible.


That's not true. Caleb, I'm sorry.


Wisdom saving throw. Spell save is 18. If they're challenge rating four or lower, they're blowed up.


Up and breathe!


Everybody else was resting up top while--


There's limits.


We put together a new song for you guys and the ladies took the leads and they killed it. Destroyed it. You might also hear some light backing vocals from a young Sam Riegel and a young Travis Willingham buried deep in there and we should also give a shout out to Jason Charles Miller who co-wrote the song and also did a lot of the instrumentation and made it really cool and rock and roll and stuff. You'll see-- you won't see. You'll hear, there's a little violin part by Colm McGuinness who's a friend of the show. He recorded a violin part.


What if it goes out of her and into Pike?


I'm loud.


Motherfuck.


I carefully place a hand on Kima's shoulder, and do a little, sort of, curtsy motion. Allow me, I can--


See you in a bit, sis! Bye, Keek!


(singing) Bill Nye the science guy.


It's all right. I've got magic, too.


Oh, seriously? Right there?


Jester runs up and casts Cure Wounds.


(bass guitar melody)


You even did that awesome fire thing at the end that was really, really cool.


Flying from the--


I tousle the blanket aside.


Good evening!


I'm going to quickly cast before this goes-- I don't know.


I would, in fact, like to try to walk behind a tree so I'm obscured.


'Cause it was 10 hit--


Can I fly up and see if I can see Percy before I head over to my side?


Vax sneaks back to the group and motions Tiberius over, and Keyleth over.


Did you count that one?


Oh, what was your wife's name? Do you want us to put a marker there or anything like that?


Jester's holding my spell book.


As soon as the mind flayers catch on, and I turn to Clarota, and I turn to Kima, that's when all of you will strike at them first. The rest of you will wait 'til I shoot off a couple of Fireballs at the duergar once they figure out we're full of crap. 'Cause I'm sure that might happen unless I'm super convincing, which I hope that's the case-- But I think that's our best bet to keep a certain element of surprise.


He's my best friend.


What turn's that?


Yeah, he texted.


Do we know what gods dwarves worshipped? Do they have specific gods?


What about shiny things, though?


How many people will die instantly


Because I can't decide.


If it's got nowhere to move, it can use dodge.


Me! Me being an asshole.


They sell health potions here. Yeah.


You have luck? Oh, it was the--


The owner of this establishment we're staying in works for a man he doesn't like. Is curious what would happen if he wasn't working for that man, if he was suddenly, for reasons, unavailable. And for that, we would probably be arrested, if we dealt with it inappropriately, and we would be in a position to be-- make our enemy accessible, I suppose. We have to be a bit cagey, there are ears, apparently, everywhere. Even here.


(retching) I go back in my room.


Okay. I know we can't go up and slash, and that's all I can do, but can I--


Well, that is without being said.


Honestly, Umbrasyl is so fucking big, I can't see what's going on in front of me.


This has been nice. It's always nice.


So 16 with three lightning, and then he has to do a strength save or be restrained.


You found the troll dick, didn't you?


Tell him we're just passing through.


Well, that was an accident. I was going to surprise you guys. And we almost died.


Yeah, but what about our exit? Because we have to come back out.


Seven damage!


The letter?


August 18th! How was that?


We can pass out the sword later, but do you think it's something you could use?


Okay. He used his reaction, right?


You fought bravely. Hmm, more bait! I'll break a bunch of the crab and put it out. And go back to my perch.


We have tons of money!


Teleportation circle.


Okay. I want to use my movement to get under that tree.


Good. That's it. That is a great idea.


Oh. Okay. And those are doors up there?


Yes, sir?


Do they have pissed off expressions or are they happy?


Does it look like the same color from the gauntleted hand that we saw in the alley?


I am so excited for a show.


Hold on, is our stream up? Are we offline right now?


No, how do we know if we can chip a piece off without ruining it?


Okay, okay, good. I cast Fly at 5th level. I cast it on myself. I cast it on Grog. And I cast it on-- you're not there.


Fighting monsters!


Pizza made it.


Oh, why didn't I have Trinket--


Well, then give us all your clothes then!


Who?


I thought you were made of sterner stuff, Travis. Come on. Now is not the time to get squeamish.


Is there anything around?


The whispers, the whispers.


Thank you. You guys  ravens.


That yellow one.


That's a card we no longer have.


Do you have someone in mind that you're going to flirt with?


Is that even a tree?


I would hit zero hit points as an earth elemental and go back to Keyleth.


No, no we don't, we don't, nope, no.


Make what?


We've thrown out so many cool ideas on that text thread.


Never mind, never mind. Could I get another Trost over here, please?


12?!


Caduceus, you might want that.


I'm not.


Well, one's the original and one's the second.


And then they killed them all! It's the only reason we're alive, really.


I'm at precisely 70 points.


But you've got Feather Fall. You've got Feather Fall! Is that still a thing?


What about the giant? Can you hide behind the giant splatter?


I get one foot, stop, turn around. I draw my sword and I’m just going to go stabby on the bastard because I haven’t reloaded my gun yet.


Maybe draw his attention to us? The need is dire.


I use my Mage Hand to slowly pick up my bottle of water... (all laugh)


How many entrances-- How many ways or edges where we are? Because it's like at the center, anyway--


You can't be grappled.


Didn't you just heal yourself a little bit more, though?


Admit that there might be no fixing this.


Nice. I rolled a 12 investigation. I respond, and I say: We're upstairs in her bedroom or office or something.


That's right, it was in the mountain cave.


That's not bad, right?


I'm going to-- jeez, you're really hurt, aren't you, Beau?


It would be in your best interest to not struggle.


Ember72!


I'm going upstairs to get a bottle of raw sodium. (laughter)


I've only gone about 20 feet at this point, is that right? I am going to go around the bend. Continuing quietly.


I see her as my trainer.


That would have been great. (laughter)


If only I had help counting to the number four!


A woman did this to you?


Yeah. Give her the skull.


Molly, do you think this is the weapon from the crime scene, that we saw? That big glowy, black--


Yeah, and Caduceus please.


Okay. We're going to send your duplicate to Inflict Wounds, float it up the water, don't disturb anything.


All right. I leave the bottle of ale and I take the statue of Sarenrae and I put it in his other hand, tuck him up.


Yeah. Well. I love you.


The guy in the corner? Scanlan, could you go stand next to him and tell him a joke?


That is so cute!


We're starting to get a plan.


And I don't recognize her.


256 pages.


Yeah, do it. Fuck it, do what you want to do.


That'd be beautiful.


Is that my action?


Right, yeah, to the right.


I tend to look over the people who happen to be around here. I come by every once in a while. I used to live and grew up in this place, or in the valley not too far from here. Probably just like you, I heard a commotion. I've taken a few of these people to safety. I've been trying to do it less overtly than some of you.


Looks like a jacket.


Percy, want to leave a mark anymore?


I'm going to need your help because I'm not used to working on robots. You can make some mesh work, right? And we can get some clay, and some spectacles like yours, but maybe shaded. Yeah?


I look at them.


I turn into an eagle, and I'll take the gnomes.


I feel so alone.


I'll go take one of the doors.


That is the best you ever did.


What is the symbol of?


Yeah, but we have 24 hours.


That's going to be weird.


Does the water elemental seem to be catching its attention at all, or is it still looking at Grog?


If we can.


Did you finish school?


Fine. Fine.


What if we put out the loot, let him come down and get it, and then we throw big ropes up and over him or something?


Because he only almost dies every time.


Don't you know Goblin, Scanlan?


A stench of urine?


Is there shade in this establishment?


I go last.


All right, I'll take you under my wing, so to speak.


Oh, I have a wand. I have a wand. It's right here. See? It's not very long.


We don't know where they've been sent. We don't know why.


Well, we do get along very well.


I'm going to do the Purgation advanced to see if I can cure a hangover with it. I don't know if it will work. Technically, it's a poison, and I'm willing to drop some HP into this. It gets a little fancy and it's mostly to see if I can clean it up a little bit. Maybe it'll work, maybe it won't.


Oh Jesus. It's like a million.


That would be good for anybody.


(mutters incomprehensibly) (laughter)


Can we search the bodies?


Ah, know our allies?


Does it count as a mace? Handaxe?


And has antlers on her head.


We'll talk about using our materials for such a thing, and I will talk to her about that.


(groaning)


(coughs) I spend 15 minutes getting all the flour off of my bed.


No, we saw him in one of the-- I just couldn't tell you! I saw him in one of the other cages.


Can you disarm it?


Yeah, so 142, that's cool. Ow. I'm going to put that down and get a bigger gun and try that again. And that blows that grit, as well. Much better! No, it's not. Oh my god. Oh my fucking god. It's just doing it. Never mind. I'm going to blow the rest of it and spend the end of my turn trying to fix one of my guns really quickly, and do a quick clear-out. Which is 12 versus misfire on the psychic. And I do!


There are four in there?


Talking super fast. All coked up.


It's super fast.


Have you equipped it?


Jet lag.


Those are our carts!


Can I turn and say  save the cart, scatter! (laughing)


That's cocked. Well.


That's all. I'm just saying. Just curious.


Can I keep moving?


I'm actually supposed to be going back for a--


It was me all along!


Do you want front or back?


I sent the cat, so the cat should be--


Let's track Raishan.


And I run, and I'm going to try and parkour up onto the roof of this thing.


I wouldn't take it back. You taught me how to take chances. (laughs) Can I ask you a question? What exactly was the deal that you made with the Raven Queen? Was it when we slew Vecna, or defeated him? I have a feeling semantics are becoming increasingly more important.


It's a little crowded up here, but--


It's pitch dark?!


Don't do that! (all laugh)


Yeah, the Clovis Concord is iron clad. It's some hefty penalties. Everything from stealing to murder puts you away for quite a while, and it's a hefty fine.


I know. That's okay. That's an 18. 24.


I should have done that first, ja?


Where? Wasn't there the tree that was near the Slayer's Take?


Just keep vamping. Keep vamping until the bard gets here.


Spectral frost collects from the air on my armor.


I bet he edubates on that pile of gold. (laughter)


You're no good at those, right?


That won't make much of a difference.


Dick move!


Does it only fill up with one kind of alcohol?


Calianna!


No, not even there. That piece of shit. Where are the majority of the people? Are they in the dining hall and in the--


You talked to Sarenrae!


I can maybe do that.


Oh, well, it's okay. The high-- The first one was-- It would still be--


And I have my +1 magic necklace.


Not by guards, necessarily. 21.


It's the longest pee ever.


Sure, I'll pick the lock. 16 plus stuff. It's plus four plus three or something like that? Is that right?


That's the best thing you could have ever done.


Maybe they've been drawn out by the thing that we incited outside that's been going on for like 45 minutes now?


I know my hand. Wait, am I rolling the d4 or no?


This is my friend, Scanlan.


I can see him now.


I still feel like I would like an answer to the mystery of the vomit.


Constitution.


I can node, but somebody else could node.


That's even better! 25.


I think you you need to remove--


You would have been gone.


I'm okay. We can maybe make do.


That really-- that hurts, 21 points, I'm at 91 so 21 puts me to 70, right? Yeah.


What is going on right now?


So you're leading an army?


When it turned 12 midnight, the alarm clock went off!


That man loves you.


What would the point be? Because the wharfmaster, that's all he looks at.


All right. I'm good for the night.


There is a god, and he hates you!


Mom was great.


Confused by its location, I'm gonna touch it.


"There's one more thing I need you to look at, it's just..." I cast Polymorph on myself, giving myself a gigantic dick, and I slowly pull down my pants...


Whispers! Whispers!


I feel hurt, and I pull out 30 gold and I say, I suppose-- (weakly) I'll buy it.


You're like, "Gladly!"


Please don't tell me that you're going to do that.


No, I, go.


That's the resource there's always an abundance of at this point. We'll kind of put the word out, and honestly, I don't need to organize it. I can just say, "Dragon's dead, and they did it. We're going to throw them a party tonight." And I'm just going to let that happen.


Yeah, emperor. Just tell the emperor that Vox Machina has returned from Kraghammer, and we have news for him, and--


No, that's not an obvious question. I have no idea.


We're doing what? No.


Oh, you can do without the pinkie.


Ten still?


The proof is we're here and we're alive.


Ooh!


(sighs) We'll do what we can. If something goes wrong, nudity usually works. [laughing]


I do have just a regular pickaxe.


Great. Second one is 23.


Just finished going up the ropes and down.


It would look shifty.


I feel like we're going to have to do a lot of things to stop this.


Dragons are dead.


What did you keep as pets?


All right, Gil. Comes down to you, boy.


Okay, 22.


Nothing. No-- it's nothing.


Let's go get you a bow.


Never?


It's moving too fast.


Yes, but where are we going to make land? In the middle of the shit, next to the barracks?


Does feel like a terrible abuse of hospitality.


Okay, this all happened. That's awkward. That's okay, I know where I am. I'm going to run out onto the balcony really quick.


Yeah, so let's start the smelter, at the very least.


You're talking about Bisaft?


We're going to need food and supplies, so anything that you think that we might need, I'll go pick that up.


I don't know, never was a problem before.


I'll teach you the ropes. (laughter)


Mid-century modern, mostly?


Don't hug him, Keyleth.


They keep regular hours here.


Oh, 20.


Does hit. All right, and that is nine.


It's a big eating-poop pile!


You're mixing him with your suude?


I'm totally fine.


I would love one.


Why didn't you tell me that the world could be so cruel and mean? Why did you never tell me that?


No, we're okay. Everything's okay. Thank Sarenrae you're back.


Oh, Percy is wonderful with calligraphy; you've shown me.


Well, that was easy.


We're calling a car, and it's however soon it gets here.


Oh yay!


We're killing him again. But then--


Just trapped in your room?


Not that you're not scary all the time, Grog. I just think they're like, ooh.


No. Mrs. Lavorre, Esquire.


But one of these days I will have to be getting back. Very soon.


Listen, it's a class feature. It's an actor's class feature.


Or is he a fucking vampire?


Oh! Oh! Wait!


She's high on sugar. Don't listen to her. Anyway.


But you can't know the map because we just came up with this ambush plan tonight. There's no way that you would have foreseen something like this happening.


It's going to be like a little eyebrow piercing.


Trying to avoid the paparazzi.


Except for the mistakes part, yeah.


I don't see an eye.


Yeah, when I can see him with my beautiful eyes.


Against me?


Well, it'll be a magic thing that could be dispelled.


(mutters) Pretty eyes.


Set sail. Towards the island!


Oh, that kind of bow.


I feel like we're alerting the whole god damned house.


Yeah, I'm working on it.


Yay! Oh god, nine. 18! 18 points of damage.


Gilmore gave you the robe?


That's what I was going to say. Let's go back and raid the fire.


I raged at the beginning.


I use Alter Self to shape my fist into a giant rock fist and I deck Grog to throw him into a rage.


Can I float or am I stuck on the surface of the ground?


We got this! All right, let's go land on the roof.


I'm so proud of you, Travis. However this goes, I'm so proud of you.


I wanna see how this pulls together.


Cheers.


Oh, it's me?


Who's in this room? It's the women--


Can I ask a question?


Those are high-level spells.


No, we didn't have a box.


Wait for the explosion!


Yeah. Cerkonos stopped by.


Behind the goliath.


Suddenly, I lose everything.


We could certainly go by.


I'll bring the tip of the falchion right under his chin. You know, before we begin, we got this thing about calling out, yelling, really sensitive eardrums, so let's not do that.


Yeah. I walk it over to him. Here you go.


Am I within hitting range-- me-me-me-- Can I run away without getting hit?


All right, and I start talking to him on the way to his room in Undercommon. And ask him: How long have you guys been on the road?


Oh please, join us.


So sexy.


Are we killing something?


That's such a good spell.


Wasn't he-- It wasn't even his. He's like-- I thought he was wearing it. The fucker's on there.


That would have just straight-up killed me.


You've got nice soft hands.


Am I within melee range to make a Mythcarver attack?


I would know if someone were trying to swindle me, believe me.


Good job, Scanlan.


Caleb is beet red. Beet red. Face matches his hair.


(garbled) Coldstone Creamery. Go for the raspberry cheesecake.


I need a minute!


The cousins.


Tell me again, the three that are in this room?


We gave them a hard-- what was it?


I thought we were taking a break from risk-taking for a second.


Okay, so the 28 one does, though. That's seven points of damage.


If you like.


The plank?


You know, in this case, I would weigh between your livelihood and your life. Can't have one without the other.


Like two-nine?


Investigation, you say? 14?


What about a Wonder Woman situation where you (impacts). Because you got the siege gauntlets on? And you make handholds?


Oh, yeah. She didn't do it yet.


We made so much money off of ears!


Yeah, the thing when someone is sleeping in a bed is they are like little-- (whispering) I was going to say babies. I shouldn't say that!


Ah, it's my turn now? I don't even get like a second to think about it?


Those festive book stalls.


I actually own climbing gear too, does that help?


I think all? Scroll of Programmed Illusion. Scroll allows an arcane caster to use an action to cast the sixth-level spell Programmed Illusion. If the spell is higher-level than the caster can use, they must make a spellcasting blah-blah-blah-blah-blah.


Built Dis city!


You want Lyra to die, that's what you want.


One plus seven's eight, and then eight. Eight and eight.


Nine. Oh, plus six? No, this is not a saving throw.


150 gold a day?


I'm going to touch the door.


I'm looking forward to rolling it back through the rift.


Okay, that's right. Natural 20.


I'm also in proximity.


That does not come back, okay.


That's... Where is that? There it is.


Weakly limps over.


That's your mantle!


Touch all the whipped cream, too.


You should blame me for this. I'm sorry. I just had a really shitty day, all right? He doesn't deserve this. Let him go. Just take me.


All right. Ooh! I slip Whisper into my pack and I put this ring on.


Nothing like a bubble of protection or anything?


Wisdom save?


The way we came in the city was through the side path, right?


(posh accent) 23.


Basically it shoots out six missiles and then it--


I love it. I love it.


I patiently wait for the tree.


I'm going to crouch behind it.


You were using your deep voice, so you could--


Right around the kraken. I want it swimming around the kraken to distract it.


What are they? They're all over the ceiling?


As a quick reminder!


I don't know what that means, but I'm sure I take great offense.


That is so many glasses that she's far in.


No, it was on the bone devil.


(plays tune on electric piano app)


Do it, these guys suck.


I don't know, dear gods!


Where's my pen?


Or Schmidt.


Fuck. Shit!


He did?


Sorry, sir.


It just failed because of Bane, right?


But I don't find any traps?


Let me try one thing that I didn't think to do last time. I'm gonna cast Dispel Magic on the runestone.


Sir, can I bother you for a second?


Yeah! I remember that!


No, you don't. That's why I was so excited that you pried.


Any iconography on the sail?


It's not in Draconia? It's in the Plane of Fire?


And then we'd have eyes in there.


(laughs) Pukes ice?


I like you.


Are they moving like troops or is each individual following its own...?


I love a whisper.


I saw that on the way out. I don't do anything like that. I don't know what that would--


Or amazing, depending on who you are.


I like the latter of those two.


Come on, live a little.


I'm glad you're not dead.


Are we back in our hole where we were?


Yeah. You know, I feel like we've been here before-- oh, right. We have been here before.


Yeah, mansion. Mansion.


You can. Feel free. I'll even tell you where they are. I'm no longer associated with them and I can help you hunt them down if you'd like.


These two individuals were responsible for blowing a hole in that tower, yes?


You're safe. What's your name?


Additionally, D&D Beyond has offered to donate $100 for every natural one rolled by the Mighty Nein up until June-- including every natural one rolled to date, making a positive out of our misery.


Maybe he's new.


Right then I walk into wherever he is, right?


Sam, what's it like being the sexiest member of the group?


Half my movement. This is what I want to do, you tell me if it's possible. Click my boots of haste, get up, use disengage again, and then run like a motherfuck straight towards--


Would there be a place where we could inquire as to some sort of ledger like that when this guy comes in and with the intention of trying to correlate it with when different murders have happened? Actually, I take that back. Thorbir doesn't think that deeply. That's not the thing that he wants to do. That sounds like a lot of thinking and not a lot of hitting things.


I'm going to start moving towards-- yeah? Okay. I start moving towards the Plank King.


Wait. What is our overall goal here? Are we to slay a bunch of orcs or are we to follow them somewhere?


But you know, that's step one. Step two is much different, because then what if they come out and attack? Then what do we do?


The chances are really good, Fjord. They're really good.


The Balleater.


I feel right as rain. What are we killing? (all laugh)


Okay. I assess the situation, and I don't like it.


Nothing feels good.


It's very nice to meet you.


How steep?


Yeah. So I want Trinket in front of me, and then I'm going to take two more shots at him.


(gasps) Do you worship the Traveler too?


Okay, that's a nine. Okay. Think I want to savor this.


Can I get there with the 25 feet speed?


How many times did you hear that at your mom's house?


Hold on, let's see if Ashley texts in the next ten minutes.


That's a less shitty roll.


That seems awful.


Yes, and with your permission, I would like to invite my friends to stay for it as well, as it does concern them.


Starts clawing. One?


Wait. Wait. Which plan are we doing first?


You know, you make a good woman.


I don't know yet. Just wait for a second. I'm going to sit for a minute. One minute, and see what they do.


I have a Firebrand Warhammer. I could hit it. Anybody else got anything better?


I'm going to unload in him.


I think we go Rexxentrum, just because there's an army marching that direction.


What could it possibly be?


We go back.


Can you shift what we look like without changing it?


We can't do it in the middle of the stone. We have to do it at the top.


What do you want to know?


Near the downstairs windows where I can see--


Get her done.


I'm running at the closest imp. Can I get there?


Can I tell it's not Fjord?


We won't have it!


No feathery white mask face wearing deity is going to take you from me or us, okay? Okay? Because we'll just go god-hunting! And it'll be great! Because apparently your sister said we have to kill Orcus, so--


(as Sean Connery) Fetch him now. I'm a Russian sub commander.


Our side's the best! (laughter)


That would be wonderful. Beyond that, in prep, I can dig a trench, hidden underground around our trap, so that whenever we're ready, your army can bust out of the ground.


I do, I'm crying. I want to shoot him-- Is it possible to shoot him right where the horn meets his head and knock it off of him?


Yes. No, I get two sneak attacks! Plus another four. 29 plus four. 33.


Ten tickles! And I cast Hideous Laughter.


And some coin.


That was so fast!


I say we--


Let's divvy it up.


We didn't rest?! We're idiots.


You've got to retire that bitch.


Should I-- Should you-- Do you just--


Purple's the ice. That's-- the purple is 12 to hit?


The Trench. It's in this area. It's not a huge place, right?


Take the wheel!


Before we go into the actual lair of the dragon-- once we get to it; I don't know much more of these thingies there are. Do we want to go in as if we're offering it something and saying, hey, we love you, we want to bring you people, and stuff like that?


No, we have to just go.


The other one was a one.


Last man standing, Twiggy!


I shoot at a 25 or something like that.


I drop a health potion and then steady to take care of that and reload my guns with the rest of my turn.


(shouting) Caleb, can you hear through it?


Yeah. Yeah. Pike, can you hear me?


Yes! Okay, that's 16 plus two lightning damage, plus one for Hunter's Mark. But I do get Sneak Attack because Trinket's next to him, right? Well, I run Trinket up to him. How about that? I run Trinket up to him. So a six for the Sneak Attack.


How far across is the bridge? A hundred feet?


Am I still chained down, by the way?


I just didn't want to tell her how money I have--


I will Disengage and move back, which means that he can't take a swing.


Like a matador, I turn my back to him, because I don't think he can hit me. I don't think he's got it in him.


He doesn't know what he looks like, anyway.


I would say then that whichever one reveals them first, either half-orc or woman with a pixie cut, whoever reveals themself first, we'll say that is the one that we all target at the same time. We focus our attention to one and kill them, and they are out of the picture, instead of splitting between two.


Carefully.


It's real sotto, so we don't have to use code words anymore.


He's acting differently than I recall. It's been a while. I'm not used to seeing him like this, and honestly, I don't know how to take it.


Vex gave Scanlan a gun. I don't think it's loaded.


Yeah, it takes your concentration, so it takes--


It's time or it's strength. That's what we're talking about. We wait and we go in, fully charged. Or we go now and we have a much better chance of catching up to it, but weakened.


No, it's in the opposite direction. It's south of here.


All right. I will, I guess-- Jesus. It all seems so stupid.


They're extorting us.


No, this is the area that we haven't been in yet.


This is a focus group test thing. I don't know.


Close your eyes as soon as you unlock it.


Everything will be wonderful and thank you for leading us where we need to go. We shall try and make sure that no harm comes to you.


Okay, I'm going to head back to the inn, then. I'm not going to poke the bear.


We're good.


You know that thing a dog does when it pulls its butt along the floor?


We land on the roof, we get in there, I cast Invisibility on you, and then you go do your thing.


No, fuck you.


Let's let Tiberius and the twins and Scanlan fly ahead of the boat, quietly, carefully, see what we see. We have the earrings that Tibber-hoods crafted for us, so we can tell you what we see.


Great. Tight.


You're not afraid of inclement weather or anything, are you? It'd been real fair, that storm rolled in, and poof, you were fucking gone.


I found a sing-songy tube.


That's not good. That's an 11.


-- but you're good.


Does it have an open drawstring? Can I look inside?


Towards us?


It's up. As long as the dragon's not here and attacking.


This is a real conversation we actually need to have, with the entire group present, speaking of.


It's not about trust.


And then one of the guys actually jumped in and it absorbed him.


So both paths, and there's a room closer to me, right?


Oh, I can wait. I guess.


Your men, are you--


Yeah, we'll check the guts.


We have a few more hours and the cover of darkness.


I could check my smell bag, but I trust you right now.


What if we-- If we give ourselves away, what do we lose? A lot? I don't think it's worth it.


(high-pitched) Do you think Keyleth will think less of me?


17 over here.


Kill it! Break it!


I'm not putting my bits where Vax's were. I'll just keep it in the Bag.


Inside, everyone inside now.


Yeah, and I'll take three more hits really quick. I'm going to burn an Action Surge. Just do three more real quick. Just going for it. I'll roll them all at once.


Yeah you do, buddy.


(Schwarzenegger voice) I feel like I'm always coming.


Okay, that just hits, all right. I'm trying to use Sharpshooter, so it changes everything. And that's 18 points of damage.


Why don't we try to camouflage it? We could wrap it in reeds.


Vax and I are on either side of the door.


Let's go to this room party you are talking about.


Now you're using it too many times.


No? That still wasn't it? Fuck. Thank you. At least thanks for telling me. Most people would just be like, "You're a bitch," and then would leave.


(whispering) Oh, shit.


Yeah, but it's not really typical to keep a dead-- like a skeleton in your basement.


And that does to everybody?


I look at him and I take the arrow and go--


Can we ask him, I mean, if K'Varn is annoying to him, or if he likes him?


Why don't you guys start off on the rug?


You there, little girl.


Oh my god, we can get like a little kid leash for you.


I pick up something and throw it across the room.


Is your name Marius?


Second one's a natural 20.


I stealth as well.


I'm attacking him?


We can't see! Do you have your lights?


Plus another four, so ten total. Sorry.


Hello. I don't think they're our friends.


Just me.


Will be See Invisibility!


Why did you go with the weenie one?


You didn't sleep well, did you? No?


You do now.


Fuck him up. Fuck him up.


That's not a pit, is it?


They'd beat the fucking hell out of us, and then if there was anything left, one touch, and that was it. Darkness.


You juggling those big motherfucking swords?


Are we over this town? Over this city?


What do they do, those two? What do those two do?


All of mine are just playing the penis game.


Save the sphere. I've got a plan. In the meantime, let's search Hilda's house.


You know the one who wields that weapon?


(coughing) That is correct.


It's strong at first, but--


I got 100 feet of rope.


Go give Jester a hug. I know she wished she'd be here for it.


Well we know that Protto shoots arrows, right? And then someone else could be the other one.


I feel like we should put our head through it.


Okay. The next roll wasn't a 20, so it doesn't matter, anyway.


You're not Scanlan.


Now this is just not right!


I have two Vestiges.


Why not. But you should check it out because we have a very fun cameo by someone who I don't want to spoil.


No, even at his lowest it'll be higher I bet.


So I lose the ability to control it.


Arcane hype!


Do I have to make an athletics check or anything for that?


Are you sure about this? Are you okay with this?


I do have my last request, and I'll take these people out of your hair.


Oh yeah, who's keeping stuff? Are you our stuff keeper?


I'm going to take a Daylight beam and go (bing) right over top of it like a nice pretty spotlight.


We should probably-- I get the distinct impression this is--


I rolled. You get six.


The whole time?


My intelligence modifier is a four.


Okay. So I like, as a plan B, you disguising yourself as a gnome worker.


It was a good idea though.


Not great... six damage.


Everybody come on, let's do this. Yeah, how bad is it?


Does it seem evil or good?


That's why you don't keep secrets.


You had one after the 18?


I'm going to fly 20 feet forward through the storm toward him.


Wait, but here's the thing, do I have to roll if I use the coin?


We want to keep our good rolls.


It looks like waves.


Can I do an insight check on him? See if he knows more than what he's saying?


In its Exalted form, my strength now becomes 26, so plus eight, right?


Would magical items help further your abilities or blessings?


I sheath my sword.


We'll just repurpose those Yoda bags.


It's a different side of you.


Ah jeez!


Please. You would have singed its scales.


I take the two small stones and I look over at Percival and Keyleth and go-- (laughter)


We need to find evidence to exonerate us.


It's Christmas!


I had a flight potion. Red Bull.


You're very big and strong, Fjord!


Can I shout out, "I was wrong! Uh... you're so dreamy!"


But your life is yours.


Can we see through the dark-- but we can see in the dark?


Let's see, is there anything that we could do to shake this thing free?


Are you looking for a fight?


Can I go over to Clarota and try to heal him?


To the Cabaret.


Oh no, he rolled.


Oh, yeah, go! Go! Go! Go, Pike! Go, go!


I'll take back.


Start at the base.


Percy, if you're feeling gross, you can imagine - go examine the leftovers over there.


Underwater fight!


We're going to go shopping at three in the morning?


All right. I'm going to try to use one as protection. I'm going to hop behind the one over this way.


Oh. Oh, right. Yes.


There is a difference between Crownsguard and Empire soldiers? Is one higher than the other?


You can put it in your ear.


But the target has advantage on the saving throw if it's triggered by damage.


Yeah, I can't have ornate book holsters and-- ugh. Trying to make myself look as simple as possible.


Whoever it is, we should help.


Second one is also a 16, the third one is a 17.


Nah, it looks good on you.


Roll for spanking.


Captain Fjord!


Maybe. Hold on.


That's something different from where I come from.


We can lock him up. And then kill him.


I pop Trinket out of the necklace.


Who was it?


Ooh, seven. Seven radiant damage.


I turn him on his side.


Right as she comes down and I'm going to use-- Oh, wait, dodge? Go first?


Yeah, put him in our cell.


We're just going out in the open to the water.


Didn't we kill a white dragon?


I lean my head in really fast and just see if I can hear anything, and roll a one.


There's a lot more, you guys. I think we should go find the vault on the second floor.


No, that was bad math. 23.


It really would. Wow.


Yeah, I think so.


We're gonna turn Gotham around.


Head tutor, you said?


I'm sure they're waiting for us.


Deception or persuasion?


Is this the first roll?


This is set up to-- wait a minute. If we came home, there's got to be a way to turn it off, right? I mean, if she had walked in, she wouldn't be trying to look out for the traps. Maybe there's something by the door jamb or in the wall, or something we can press.


Gotcha. Fuck you. Five points of damage.


One more thing!


I'm doing the same thing for the record.


Are any of those places close to your shipwreck that you know of?


Hah, yeah. Let's go back up.


Don't drink from that again. Don't. Wash that.


All right. I ain’t going to mess with you, I just want to know. Nope, that's an eight. Unless you roll really poorly.


All right. That's (counting) 11 points of damage.


Can I take 30 seconds to see if it jogs my memory since I'm such a history buff?


I did not check for traps, I just flew in, but perhaps we should this time.


It could be this monitor. I don't know.


Oh, I was asking-- yeah. I can ask it about topography, I can ask about locations of people nearby. Things like that.


This is a small group for you, you traveled with the circus.


First slash is a 28.


Well, we can explode it.


No, we can show him later.


I want you to warm up this spot for me, and then you're going to jump on my back and then I'm going to hit it.


Oh, you were Nott a torturer.


The horizon? That's all ocean, too.


I'm going to take a flying leap and jump in while cannonballing.


The pixies and fairies haven't been that nice.


We didn't even see you! Oh my god!


Yeah, and he's got disadvantage on dexterity checks for now, because that's funny.


On foot.


I know! And we've been through so many uncomfortable things together.


Does it smell like death in here?


Wait, we have two broken wheels?


Good Job, Tiberius.


I don't even know any more. No one's attacked me in a while.


I mean, I can message her. I've been messaging her.


He's like, first the beholder, now my flame genie.


And I swim down until it's uncomfortable.


It worked once.


Oh, I love your dice thing.


Well, what do you want to fly in on? What do you want?


If all goes well, you may be able-- no, I don't know.


I don't think it works that way. I think you have to tell them, and then they have to say it.


But are we trying to take out potential additional forces?


I think it might have given him a little bit of juice when he was at home.


We're going to have to make that plan at some point.


Oh, that's a 16, that's good. Saving throw, so 21.


It has half-cover or something?


Okay, and then I'm going to spend a ki to do stunning strike.


Plus his what?


You die.


Jessica Jones, I saw Jessica Jones work. Kabuki. All of it. So he does this amazing watercolor work and he did an amazing art print for us, so--


That Trent guy?


"Send the lizard to Dwarf Town?" How many more slurs can you have in one sentence?


That's a different tentacle.


I can tell that things are going very poorly so I reach into my pockets and I pull out a bit of iron dust and I go (blowing) and Jester doubles in size.


I keep all my stuff in these boxes.


Sure. And do I blow Uncanny Dodge now?


For a first shot, I'm going to be doing-- ah, fuck it, let's take a sharpshooter shot. Let's see what happens.


With a wide brim. Like a wide black hat just like this.


If there's any information you can give us about the machine, just so that we're not going in cold, like if you know if it has any vulnerabilities to anything.


He's just that good.


I'm not arguing, I'm asking what's possible.


You got your spiritual weapon still.


Our mustaches need to take a picture with each other.


(Tiberius voice) What is the Common word for it?


May I ask a question?


I saw him, you described it to me last week. He's in iron bands held on a cart.


I shoved one in the haversack too.


Can I use my (mumbles) again, or no?


I was going to grapple him, but if he's on my chest, I'll use my thighs to shove him up towards the upper part of my body and I'll drive down my elbow at the same time. Into that whole bloody target area.


Untamed monster!


He's so little the skeletons are swinging above him!


You have two regulars and one greater.


You knocked her up.


Go heal Yasha!


Back out to the fucking woods?


Are you going to be able to heal enough to--


Unless we all want to decide, right here and right now, to try and get closer to the sword than the thousand feet we are potentially away from it right now, together as a team, and then cast the mansion. Or not at all.


Yeah, two Scanlans.


Fjord. Remember when I said I would check you when you're being a dick?


Please don't kill it.


I think that's underestimating, or overestimating-- I don't know.


Through rock.


No no no no no no no no!


I feel that was money well spent.


We're not going to play cards, are we?


No, but I think we should go back to the hospital one more time.


Checking the door on the right.


I think it's perfect.


I say  Brothers and sisters. Allow me to guide us by the spirits of my religious faith down into the depths of this hell place.


No problem. If Pike were here, I'd give it to her, but...


Okay, so what I want to do, hasted, I can go 120 feet. So what I want to do is a tight arc around so that I can go this way and down into that little corner so I can land behind Keyleth, but on the way I want to throw a dagger. Yeah, I want to land right next to Keyleth, down in that little nook. But on the way, I want to throw Whisper at her.


She'll be fine. I'll pilot her.


Okay that's-- okay. Oh wow, okay.


Through one of your associates.


I saw--


I'm going to try to sense for traps in this room.


Is that 12? Okay, all right, that's actually not too bad. 14.


Is it hard to talk with no teeth?


Well, we killed a lot of duergar this time.


Thank you. And if I were to make sure (laughs) I had an emergency escape route outside of the city, and was maybe tasked to build, I don't know, say, our keep, within the last year, I feel like we need to start at home here.


I'm sorry. I would like to see if I could cast Speak With Dead and ask some questions.


We're in Whitestone?


Revivify them. Take the bands off and Revivify them.


That is my armor class.


And fire! Ooh, good, it's a lot! 20-something.


Proximity alone?


Fascinating. What kind of bear is he?


Is it a fiend or an undead? So it has to have a wisdom save of 15.


I absolutely know what he looks like.


Who's left? Pike?


All right, new dice. Three.


As soon as I do that, I cast True Strike. (ftsssh)


She's a snitch.


Like Avantika.


One, two, three, four. Give me two more. One more, and another.


How many of us need my coins to become altered?


Questions, yeah. Just a conversation, maybe, first. Can you wait five minutes?


Oh god. I'm freaking out.


I can get us there via trees.


Yes, I haven't settled on a title yet. It will either be-- "Tary's Adventures". It's sort of lame, sort of lame. Or it could be "Daring Adventures of Darrington" or it could be "Tarry On with Taryon". Or something like that, I'm working on the title, I have a while to finish it.


Buddy, buddy. (laughter)


Can I attempt to imbue the bomb with a fireball in it?


I'm trying to make you look good. It's what Thorbir does.


I want to stay here and see. You guys continue looking around. I'm going to meditate for a second.


It's not a terrible idea, but we should -


(yelling) I'm alive!


50-50?


I'm not trying to--


Yeah, and only one of us is an undead ghost now.


To be honest, I have no idea.


Does it have a limited number of tentacles?


Nurture check.


Bubble throat!


Whatever it takes.


Stretched a little thin.


Okay, okay. Then I reach into the Bag of Holding and I get out Grog's cask of ale.


It's going to be in there, isn't it?


Caleb, just a second? Just thought you should know there's a couple interesting magical auras on our new friend. I thought it would be impolite to point it out or to dispel anything. I try and respect people's personal intentions, but if you feel the urge to do a little Identify at some point, that may not be a bad idea. I don't know. Just to make sure that everything that's there is meant to be there.


I've gone beyond the veil.


That's a half hour is a short rest. Or an hour is a short rest.


Yeah, the eyes were for uncovering all that death underneath our feet.


Petting zoo.


It was really merciful.


Nope. Usually not.


I wonder if Delilah's on the top of the tower.


Do I remember which one was the--


Will.


You made this world, Matt.


These are registered deadly weapons.


Don't waste my natural 20, Kima. Come on!


I want to throw up a Gust cantrip in front of us to help shield us if anything happens.


Would he use the gun or the sword in phantom mode?


Did she not make it out? Of the water plane?


Indeed, maybe it was. You have my apologies and my condolences.


Yeah. As long as nothing crazy happens, I'm assuming.


No! I grab his hands and cover his mouth!


I can conjure fire. I can make a lot of fire. Varying of degrees of fire, really, and acid.


Can I do a few checks while I'm preparing the ritual to see if this is a curse over this tree?


In-game hour, not this game hour.


They think it's slightly too long.


I didn't think about that, but yes.


That tower?


I sure can!


All right. I run to where she's pointing. Is there any change in the glow?


Beau, remember your little sister.


We'll leave it right next to the bit.


I'm all right with that. Collect our things from-- my things, anyway, from the circus. There should be some spares.


Everything else was dragons; why wouldn't it be dragons?


Yes. They touched it, and he turned into you.


I should.


We can do more things in this city?


You're an important figure to us as well, Pickles.


No, no, not my romance novel. The one about these guys.


Okay, it's been a minute. Hey, you guys walked right past me in the bar upstairs so I decided to--


Right, so we'll start the fight in the morning the next day.


I've got my magic choker.


I'm sorry, are you talking to me?


And if you can't make it to Portland, our panel will be on on Saturday on Wizard World's twitch.


Yeah, this one's crazy.


So the head disappears from his mouth, or did he still get a big taste?


We should definitely stay away from that.


Maybe individually.


Attack of opportunity-- oh, no.


I'm not looking to sell. I'm looking to buy.


Do you have to roll for that?


Where's that coin we have?


We have to read all the donation messages. If we meet our goal for the shirts by the time we're done reading--


Hang on, I've seen rats, and I've seen what? Have I seen any--


Our friend here is going to play chaperone and ensure everyone stays nice and happy up here. Beau, would you mind coming with me?


If I got into a rage, I can't be charmed.


Crotchety half-elf bartender


So here's what I want to do. I want to go low and dive into that lava pit in front of me.


He's such a dick. Why is he such a dick?


Enon.


Oh, and-- no, that's right, I don't critical at 19?


Like a comic strip. Like a Doonesbury, so you get little segments that all lead up into a larger thing.


I'll watch with him.


I bet it's a crypt, which means that it's trapped, and I bet that means there's something expensive and interesting inside.


I'm, at this point, prepared for some decompression of some kind. No one can be expected to move at the speeds we've been moving at for the past week. Perhaps grab an early-morning drink and find out how much news has actually reached this town about what's happening out in the world right now.


He's getting that invisible figurine that he has.


What about the horse. Does he fall off?


Oh, shit. Anyone in range?


But Doctor who?


Yes. I'm firing. Yes. As well.


Cry? Hold each other.


I thought-- Okay, we're-- Okay, new plan. Sure.


Oh yeah, just really good food.


Also, I heard you guys talking about the guys with the gold armor?


(moans)


Thought you were going to have a little--


Almost completely turn into flame as I walk towards it. Can I use anything?


Poor basilisks. Can never make eye contact.


Yeah, where's Horris?


23 plus four!


It's like a desert continent? The whole continent is like desert?


Every night?


At this hour?


The closest thing I've experienced to this is inside Jester's backpack. In the dodecahedron.


Yeah, it's a 5th-level spell.


That sounds nice. I'm going to sit, and sip this, and grin, and very silently have a mild nervous breakdown about what just went down.


I'm pretty sure it flays your mind. I'm never encountered one myself, so I have no idea, really. Oh, right, let me check my books.


Well, she's mostly known for her hmm-hmm-hmm. Outside of that, her voice is amazing, you should hear her sing.


Oh, now we're really in trouble.


That might be something we could try to make, I suppose.


I'm afraid not.


Wait a second, you just said no one knew we were here, none of them knew we were here.


Forget it, I'll just do Lightning Bolt instead.


Oh, were you Vanessa's assistant? I mean, before you were a member?


Dust?


I'm just (deep breath).


I think he needs to face some stuff. It would be really healthy for everyone involved.


Oh, okay, so I want to take and I want to just punch to crack a big side of it to help spill out the brains.


(singing) Keep growing. Keep flowing, knowing you can always count on me.


Really? Sheesh. What do you got to do to get duty like that?


Oh man! So many good things!


That's true, if you can't speak, actually.


Do you have all my shoes and glasses so I may have them?


Roll for restraining order. (laughter)


If you jump overboard, we'll jump after you, and we'll bring you back.


I wear a codpiece. I wear a codpiece that keeps everything in check.


Keep going to my right until the drop-off behind me, and I'm going to back up into the tomb.


The Loch is on the way to the Fire Ashari anyway.


(Southern accent) The later the hour gets--


I just want something that is going to swim fast and then we all--


As we walk a little bit, I just want to covertly heat up my hands, light them up a little bit and then touch the wall to see if it burns me as well a little bit. Just graze my fingers along it.


Oh jesus christ! (laughter)


The one that you wore, Matt?


Yeah, that would slow it down a lot.


Don't help me!


Concentration? Oh, for that. That's fine. Just because we're at that point where I'm panicking, let's burn an action surge. Boom. Three more shots on the asshole.


Vax. Pay attention, the door mechanical, it is not magical. That's how we open it.


So Pike and I are going up.


Pressing into the wall there, so that people can get by me.


We're still going to need you, then, apparently.


And I want to somersault away.


Okay, I'm still there.


Wisdom for clerics.


Should we try to sell Vanessa some of our dragon bits?


How many days' travel are we from the beginning of this journey?


A 12 hits.


Well, it was just my suggestion.


I'm going to drop another 300 gold and give Vex another Revivify.


Well, I normally stay in the diplomatic rooms, but I guess the smallest room because, you know, I'm small.


Just going to fucking body slam him with my bear body and going to hit him with both my claws. Going to tear his fucking throat out.


Oh wait! Should I fold it or should I scroll it?


She's going to translate.


It's slippery when the pores start to seep. That's a one.


To the Fire Ashari, and then to the fields of Elysium?


(singing) The Age of Aquarius.


I look at the golem, and I say, step forward.


All right, I'm going to drop two points of Cabal's Ruin, or at least one point of Cabal's Ruin. I want to try and end this shit.


Rears back, beginning to unleash its series of attacks, and then (sharp hiss), into this tiny--


I'm sorry, Scanlan, what is that?


Can I clarify something? Am I giving Scanlan a shoulder-ride right now, or is he knocking boots back in Vasselheim?


He said that weird.


I'm just doing this all night.


Fifty Shades of Tary. (all laugh)


That is super. Good for you.


Does that mean they're not skilled?


On one of them or both?


Someone's head? Is it a body? It's a body, isn't it?


Why don't you wait on that.


I'm going to go visit my mother, and I'll see all of you again. Freddie.


It's a war wand.


Yeah. We'll back up as far as we can so I can still hit the thing. It is a magical arrow, and this thing cuts out all the magic but maybe once it goes through the siphon, maybe I'll still be able to use it?


The ones with the arcane ability look like?


You got Yasha's tablet?


It's a guy?


(angry noise) I mean, congratulations, it's really cool!


We need to get out of here. We need to follow after that toad.


You've made it up the top.


It was!


Hoo boy. What save were we making?


She could be a succubus.


This is, it's hard to do.


"Muh! Muh!"


(quietly) Can you inspire Vax?


That was funsies.


One thing that I have realized today is that I need to work on my interpersonal skills and friendship making. So try not to cut up my face, okay?


How's it feel, Grog?


Right now's the moment.


What time is it? It's ten o'clock, and we ended on time and--


Who was this made by?


Going into a battle high as fuck!


Yeah, it was pretty cute.


Swing by his house, yeah.


We put the shoes on?


Actually, since I see that Jester has this covered, I'm going to start burning out the dead people and rooting through their pockets and stuff.


Totally know exactly what you're talking about.


It's funny because--


If he notices it, then he notices it, if he doesn't, then he doesn't.


Come on, baby; character development! 15?


Don't fuck me, Scanlan. Oh, that's not Scanlan, that's Percy, but you did fuck me, Percy.


The other way, but yeah. I mean it's 50 feet, it'll work. I guess it doesn't ultimately matter.


Chicken and biscuits.


I'm flying, too? What's happening?


I'm not quite at the pop-it. It's too strong for me to pop, right?


I thought we like used it as a weapon.


It's basically like a unicorn?


Oh, he's The Crow! He's The Crow!


A retroactive perception check!


So, special announcement about my hair. No. There's a time jump in Blindspot, so I'm here.


Celestial. Can I read any of it?


I'm good. 21.


What do we like more? Poking the webbing, or sending it up in flame?


You fought something?


It's so rare that we're actually given an opportunity to be honest about everything. We might as well try it once, see if we like it.


No, I know the feeling, man.


Should have mostly directed down but I'm aware that some--


Yeah, we could return to somewhere else along the-- Nicodranas or Port Damali.


Which gets nine damage.


But that map was so pretty.


Okay, so we fell a tree in front of the road. They stop to move it. I'm in there, unlocking things.


Shoot with fire.


(As Jester) "Molly, what about have you ever pooped your pants?"


To Sarenrae?


Yeah, 13 plus my constitution, right?


Vax is heading back to the group.


And expose it to a little bit of inorganic matter to see how it reacts.


It's pretty shitty, you guys. It sucks.


You seem to be at peace with the current situation, I think it might be in our best interest that we moved on.


She's just like us.


I do it as much as I can.


Yeah, I just want the one walkie talkie that doesn't have a pair.


Come on, Gil. 18.


Pretty bad. Yeah, both bad. Real low. Five.


What do those do?


Oh, right, charisma. 11.


I'm either a porn actor or Burt Reynolds. I can't smile. (laughter)


Can I check his body?


He's in difficult terrain.


Aw, man.


Oh, really? Oh, so I'll do that right before.


Wait, but how do we know for sure?


Yeah, I take a lot of damage for that. Five points of damage.


Do they seem distracted?


Oh god, does that mean I-- oh, shit. I'm out for a round, aren't I?


And women. Because there's men and women.


Do the de Rolos still stay in the giant castle? Or does that go to somebody else, then?


I'm lighting my weapon on fire and poking it!


I haven't, but we rolled at the same time.


I'm going to look up at Fjord and be like It's already got me! Ah!


We were trying to find clues so that maybe scrying would be helpful, which it was.


Thank you, thank you. My web browser's going insane. I can't. Hold on.


But you love her.


He's not usually little. (laughter)


Should we let just Keyleth and Senokir up on the chairs?


We're going to just drain ourselves the more we pretend to be something we're not, and obviously it's not helping us not attract attention.


Is Feywild on the way?


I can only modify ten minutes of time.


Hello? What was that?


What color will you be next week?


Well, what are you offering?


Yeah, around Keyleth.


Misses!


He'll save every one of us!


I don't know. Just someone. I don't even remember too much.


If we want to use Marius, we're going to have to wake his ass up and ask him some questions.


I climb back down. I say we gather some branches, some scrap wood for firewood, in case this might be the only forest we come across in a while. See as far as we can get, maybe we can hide under a rock for shelter or something.


Well, we're walking while we're having it.


We can't possibly find him now.


Do you know something? That fucking gaudy hat you're wearing? I would have no idea how to harness the power of that hat.


Wait a moment. Nott, have a look around this room. Do you see anything problematic?


No, remember it didn't work.


I wonder if somebody knows about a cavern under the lake.


Change arms.


I guess Taryon will go find Vex. Stumble up and say, I have to stay here and keep working on Doty. I understand you're leaving today.


Yep. Detail!


The musical weapons.


Oh my God this is happening again!


Three and one dead.


19 plus all that.


I'm going to kill you.


No, I just want to know where the temple is. I don't care if these people die.


He had a little duergar back at home.


Don't worry, I'll take you to the library. There are two options here: you can selfishly try and go after this guy for your own vendetta, or you can use your motives to keep others from getting hurt in a very similar way.


She's slowly sharpening a blade at home, just--


Adorable?


That's because I was speaking to you, Jester, sitting in front of me! You made the windows--


Come on taint butter, you got it.


We are hitching out stars to your wagon. (laughter)


Try one more time. Can he try again?


No, just him.


Fail it, motherfucker.


It was a terrible way to go. I'm sorry.


Oh my god, roll so well! Do you get advantage?


Yeah, we know a lot of people.


Does the water do anything to it?


I'll yell with Vicious Mockery. I don't like you very much for poisoning me and my friends, you're a poopy head! (laughter)


Before we go, I'm going to whisper to Caleb Caleb, if anything goes shitty, I'm going to throw my flask of oil on the first cart. Light it on fire.


Oh, well, thank you. Do you like bears? Not those scary ones but really nice ones?


This is going to be so much fun. (counts out loud) 42 points of damage.


That was so cool. Wow.


You should've kissed her, it was the perfect moment!


Nine points!


Okay, can we go look at the teleportation thingy now?


Yeah, no, and then I feel really--


Oh! I can cast Friend on him.


No, not solo.


Do we see this? Do we see this happening?


What about our rooms? Is it just the kitchen that's cleaned out, or did they take everything in the keep?


Somebody wanted you to say something as Trey.


Let me show my daughter how it is done.


I think she's in love with Avantika, too.


Card table that's currently empty? Cosko's going to sit down at that card table and start dealing two hands. [laughter]


This looks like it's rotten from the landscape. It looks like it's all gone bad. Has it gone bad?


This wouldn't be Underdark-y at all, would it?


Wow, guys, this is really trippy.


I'll take that 18, plus that seven.


I might have lost my arm or I might be hiding it behind my back. I'm not sure.


But who?


Then if that's as far as I can get, I would like to take the hooded lantern I have out of the bag of holding and throw it--


I give a couple of pats on Tiberius's shoulder and start to inch down the hall.


You guys rest. I'm going to go find us a bean of strength and might and sex appeal. Can I go to the temple of Kord?


That you'll ever see.


As I'm large, goofy grin, I'm going to start touching one of the other priestesses and I'm going to start the process.


Did you go unconscious?


What is it made out of, yeah.


See, now we're in a dangerous territory, because once that staff comes out, she's got to hit something with it, and it's not going to be me. Listen, Fitz. The best thing you can do here is wrack your brain real hard, and think: have you ever seen anyone around that establishment that might take advantage of some people enjoying some good imbibements?


Of course. We shall discuss that in the-- is it the morning?


I just pull them off.


48.


How have we not stopped this?!


Caleb's gone.


You are manly. I meant more manly.


Wait, if we had picked a different magic would a different monster--


Very good, yay!


We are here to prevent the coming of a third Calamity.


That's nine points of damage, plus five points of psychic, so 14.


Everybody wait while my brother goes on a field trip.


No, I'm going to have a conversation.


The goal to be that we leave something in Sutan's house that would make it seem that the High-Richter has ordered a hit on Orentha and we leave something behind in Sutan's house: fake communications with the Myriad. So we tie Sutan to the Myriad, we tie Sutan to Richter, and then at Richter's house, we leave forged documents, we have a letter from Sutan with the seal, and also we leave communication with the Knights, whatsit--


You motherfucker!


When you said picked clean, do they look like they've been chewed upon?


If you weren't drinking a sea anemone.


And we can send and receive messages or just receive?


I'm keeping this bolt, this is mine now.


I'm going to cast Hex on her with my bonus. I'm going to hold my action. I'm going to train, and I'm going to shout from the woods: step away from the box and tell your men to put their weapons down, and we will listen.


Plus nine.


Did I just get seriously boned in initiative? Am I still sleeping?


I'm going to move to the other side. I'm going to start running towards the stranger just to the left of-- yeah, I'm going to move towards that cover right there.


This is the face Matt's not making right now.


And they also have asked that a couple of you guys come on Honesty Hour sometime.


There might be a door over there, right? Two doors? Is there a door on that side?


We promise, we will heed your warning, but we can't run. We will heed it, though.


What are you looking for? What do you seek? What knowledge? I've got it all here.


We should maybe go to Vasselheim in the morning, start to rally.


I want to wait for Caleb at this point.


All the people who tend not to like people are liking him.


There's no need for an apology. Just, you being there means everything.


How far away is Algar from us?


Yeah, caves.


I had 16.


Death save? Fail.


Aw, we haven't done shit!


Just gnawing on the dead dwarf.


Hand up, one sec. Yeah, I'm saying  Don't kill Algar.


I don't feel that at all. You're right in front of me. How could you have my back? (wheezing chuckle) I got you. (laughing) Go away. So what do you have for me? You've had ample time to look in your Bag of Holding to produce something very--


We'll catch up, we need a table, we need drinks for me and my compatriots.


Prepare for a natural... lap.


No, he actually only did four points of damage. Sam only did four.


Yeah, heavy casualties. Yeah. The butcher's bill was very steep, yep.


That was the bag of holy dicks moment. Bag of holy dicks.


I need to do shit, too. I can't be everyone's bitch.


I'm telling you, they looked right through me.


What time is it right now, in the day?


That doesn't look right.


The d20 spinner rings? Those things are in the store right now. I don't know if we found a stockpile of them that we had missed, but there are some in the store right now. Just so you know.


I feel like we could--


Mercy kill.


Yeah, I mean, he's learning. He's getting really good at it.


We have to stay together.


No problem!


More?


Okay. Did the leaping take any of my actions? It's movement?


Yeah, what's the plan? What are they trying to do?


Can I have a ball bearing, please?


Well, well, hold on, I've got one more spitball idea. Vex?


That's honest.


I think that's--


I reach down and I take it and put it in my book.


So I have one last shot.


I think that's what they-- yeah. I seem to remember them being--


No meta in this family, y'all. No meta in this family. Not in this house!


Yeah, but in the morning, somebody gets it.


I'm scaling in after him.


He doesn't know who it is.


Nope, just humming.


Always, yeah.


All right. Three shots, and I'm going to do a pushback on all three and I'm going to push them all--


I'm in my study working on things.


(singing) General store!


But I guess it wouldn't matter because then that's my turn, right? Am I taking any damage as it's holding onto me?


She has a ring of power?


His name is Rex.


Probably your hands are less noticeable than Pike's mace.


I open up the bag of colding and just like put my face next to it.


No, I mean, I don't know if that will help. I think it was just gross to see (retching). Uh-oh. It's still happening.


I'm Vex'ahlia, nice to meet you.


History? Wow.


So that's probably exactly what I'm going to do, is to try and not get hit, by the by.


Can I, because I already got a map of their tunnels. Can I then do Move Earth to, like, try and collapse?


--healing spell.


Will you add two points of damage to him for rage damage, because I didn't add that.


It looks incredible. It's found a place.


And then dagger-dagger-dagger with a little bit of Smite.


So I'm at 20?


And I hope to finish the book by the time I turn 71.


I thought she was really nice.


They're all sixes.


Are you lying to me to get me to pay you for a new gun?


That book that you got, it's not your favorite, right, the one that was hidden above the door?


Sprinter's Boots.


Guys, I'm holding a map. I see one room that they've scrawled "Supply" on, so it should be the next right up ahead. I'd like to just take a peek in there and see what we can see before we head deeper in.


Guys, do not worry! We have an extra plus two to our hit points! It's going to be fine!


I went to Draconia for like two minutes and picked one up.


You did so good, though.


Our guests did?


(sighs) ...I strip.


It would be my pleasure. I didn't believe in you. I didn't think you were real, but I found out that things aren't what we seem. And things can change. It would be my honor. (stammers) Could I say goodbye?


You're a pirate. Ta-da.


The baby is sitting playing Dungeons & Dragons with us.


You're pretty good. (all laugh)


You know what'd be great right now? A distraction. Maybe fire?


Do you have any--


Oh, you can keep going.


You've got inspiration if you need it.


I think that's the first time any of us have ever done that.


They're just tigers. Do tigers -


Ugh. All right. That's my bad, I shouldn't have--


Thank you for your hospitality.


Well, I don't vote. I don't believe in our system. Anyway, that's none of your business.


I got it right here. Concentration--- No, AC. The hand has an AC of--- No, here it is.


Not a problem, not a problem.


So they'd have to pop out. Can you shrink yourself and still do magic teeny-tiny?


He serves the Raven Queen, right? He's got the Raven Queen patch on him?


Is that halved?


Gameplay wise, game mechanics.


His name is Caleb and Beauregard, I want that clear and on the record. It's Caleb and Beauregard.


Yeah, plus seven.


Silted Veil and the Crypts of Thromora.


If I am able to now, I will send Frumpkin over the ceiling and down the door, and if there is a crack, he will go through.


Oh. a brief description of the enchantment.


You should fire that guy.


We've heard so much about this store.


I'm not, by the way.


The old fellow, right?


At some point we should put a teleport circle in this, down here.


Can we see it? Like above the doorway?


I think it would suit both of you, but I feel like one of you should have it.


(Swedish accent) Oh, you mean this dwarf?


Gail, you been taking care of your younger siblings this whole time?


I rolled a ten, yeah.


Okay, let's go make the rounds.


It was a crappy desert. Good times.


Can I do one, as well?


Yeah, okay. I'm going to cast Burning Hands, veered away so that it does not touch Yasha. It has to make a dexterity saving throw.


Put me in a happy middle.


It's terrible, that's all right.


You don't go in?


No, it's not 40. So it's 14.


You're going to go get the dagger?


I think they're-- well, we don't know what they're called. We just fought them. I don't know what they're called; we fought one before!


Keep trying.


You fools!


That's all right, he can stay on the boat.


Motherfucker, there was 300 gold in there!


Only if you're right on him? I'm only two squares away, I think.


For Doty.


I call out and say, Vex'ahlia, what are you doing?


And I will inspire her with a randomly selected limerick from this disgusting book that Taliesin gave me.


You should know  I have no respect for authority.


Do not be an oathbreaker.


Good sound effects, guys.


Caleb lets Slow fizzle.


(whispering) The rest of your brethren?


47!


I'm wondering if the mist form would not be better. But the animals are really cool.


Oh, it's weird.


Yes, well, things moved for some reason.


Yeah, nope.


Oh, yeah, that's good.


We'll go get Trinket, and then we'll go down the path we should have gone down in the first place next week.


The exercise we used to do when I was taking some theory classes was to describe a car. (clanking) (lasers whirring)


Yeah, but what if there is?


(sighing) Oh, bloody hell.


Yeah. Let's take this fucker to hell.


In drawers?


Guys, we've got to start the new campaign sometime.


Do you know of anything that would cause that?


Can you have some coffee and come down here, quickly?


I hold up the glowing crystal. You should see the other one. (laughs)


Caduceus, thank you for making all this. We need to decide on a destination. We're going to need more hands that are able to figure out where we are going next.


I have two actions.


Wonderful. All right. And your crew? Do I need to keep an eye on anyone?


Do we know where the map is, please?


No. Okay.


Clap hands.


We forged it!


30! That's never going to happen again.


Look at this great tile work! I love Dwarven Forge!


Can't say we're not honest.


21st of September! It's live on the 21st of September!


Roughly. Gilmore.


Plus, the best way to see a new city is to walk, you guys!


And Espionage Cosmetic nail wraps!


We are almost even now--


She's very talented.


(record scratching noise)


Come on, lucky dice. I get advantage on that.


I tuck it behind my back.


I've Slowed the hydra.


Yeah, yeah, okay.


Okay. The Boots of Levitation. It says it requires an action to levitate?


I would watch that, too. Are you watching this?


Okay! What are we going to do?


I wait until everyone falls still, and then I scrabble over to you. Are you awake? Yeah, you're awake.


Nine. Nope, we're at nine-- we're there. We're at nine-something. You can do all the math, but it's nine-something.


Yeah, Common. I feel like we'll be okay.


Magrim, you've been wonderful. Thank you so much. We plan on keeping some of this ale and bringing it back to the household. Would you like some when we open the cask?


Whoa, look at that. That's a die, it's dangerous.


Chews through her rope all the time. Come on, Snibbles.


Miss!


26. Natural 20.


Tru-- what?


Fire?


These people?


When was the last time you saw us before Kiki found you?


There was some mold in those pies!


Oh, or into that other thingie.


We may discuss, perhaps, if we can help-- we have two friends who are currently in your system, and we would be more than happy to discuss a means of maybe resolving their issue with you. Not innocence, but just coming to a conclusion that is mutually agreeable.


Wow, mine's 19.


Put your clothes back on, this is just embarrassing, all of you-- don't pick up your weapons--


Then what am I supposed to-- I have no job out there!


Do I hear Vax go to his room?


First time I'm seeing it, not really but, just give me ten minutes.


Last one! Reckless, great weapon master!


You know exactly where that's been.


(as Nott) Almost got it!


Will we pass over that area as we're heading towards Bisaft?


No, neither do I. But I don't really understand much things.


That's right. We've got-- we don't have that one in store right now. But we have our other shirts. The Nott Detective Agency, case closed.


Are you a dwarf again?


We'll figure that out.


If we get a short rest, how many do you get?


Tton. Yeah. T-Ton.


Not a giant hole.


You can feel free to smoke this fool, it's fine.


I'm just taking a little bite.


(as a fish) Nice boat!


Anything I can help you with, Vex?


Yeah, that's a point, that's a point made. You know who could get them, who's fast and strong? Trinket.


The witch.


And none returned?


How do you know I'm Scanlan? I could be in disguise, but yes I do.


(singing) We're going to need a montage, a montage.


Yes, there are two confused souls in the world. I'm sure there are so many more.


Oh, jeez. Someone pick who goes down and talks. I feel like Grog.


We could do that thing. Do you remember the vaulty thing? Let's do the vaulting thing. All right, you're going to do the thing over the-- vault up.


That may not be necessary.


This is amazing. Sorry about this, Kash.


Tunnel.


He has better armor class than I do.


Or you could assist Grog.


This is not good.


It's in the bag.


Why do they have advantage on you?


Let's get the dog out here.


Yeah, remember, we're dragging children everywhere we go.


Am I able to read it with the Comprehend Languages that should still be cooking, because it's an hour-long spell?


Augie, who is a professional drummer, Hector, and Amy Dallen, and we know, between Amy and Josephine, our chat room is definitely going to be split on who's the chat room favorite, so.


Oh that's quite all right. Thank you for actually including me.


Your choice.


I can't die today, right?


From down below inside the bubble of Leomund's Tiny Hut, I pull out the wire and I cast Message up to Fjord and say: I have plugged the bottom of the ship, so I think our troubles are behind us now. [laughter]


He's dead dead. He might be the owner of the house.


We need to talk to a sphinx. A sphinx's boyfriend.


2d6 cold damage.


Ooh, I'll climb up on the bookshelf.


Let's go to Whitestone.


(quietly) We're all family.


Hit one of its brothers!


(terrified laughter) Oh my god!


I am able to tell a great many things about a great many things, and that is beyond me.


Do I recognize any of the fruit that's growing on the trees?


And in my giant state, I'm going to kick him like a soccer ball.


(gasps) (all laugh)


During all the busywork, I'm not saying anything, but I keep giving worried and stressed glances at my little friend.


It's going as well as the hospital.


Next.


Sit-ups. Crunches.


So I got a 12, a 13, and a 12.


And Scanlan Two.


You need some daggers?


My staff is charged.


I made that list specifically so you could reference it. That's fine. I do these things. It's okay. I don't mind.


Once we're outside, how far away is that giant that was felled?


They carry tiny little microphone things right here.


That's hot. That's hot.


Can he heal us?


It's really dark. I don't know. Other than that, there's nothing really happening.


Is this an investigation that you caused to begin with?


Wouldn't I still be in the fog cloud if I was on the ground?


Are we going that way?


Well, yes. Afterwards, I don't know if you felt this way, you just can't stop thinking about it and you just feel the soft pressing against you and almost taste him just for a little bit and it doesn't go away for a while.


Technically, it's a head shot. It has an effect.


Yeah, yeah, it sounds like a good night. Yeah.


15. That's with one lightning damage.


We should perhaps do this while we're setting up the ritual.


It looks like Daria.


He's the winner for finding stuff.


We also insist that she leave Whitestone at least once a year for a period of time to do fuck all.


There's a signal, we have one.


I do a few push ups to get warmed up.


14? Okay.


Yeah, I'll do the same thing.


Vax will?


Fuck it. Everything's possible.


Hunter's Mark that motherfucker!


Roll the credits scroll.


Don't you shoot me.


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe, where he learned the ways of the world and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down, Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood, unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


Put it in a vial?


And 13 points of electrical.


Yeah, it was eleven-something.


Oh, we have to make our way.


He gave you advantage. Roll again.


Has it been a minute? He just did it, it just happened!


His name is Trinket, all right?


Here’s the deal, Nott--


So we could do a triple.


Yes. We need to talk about barricading underground. Making it more secure.


Yeah, and if we get close, hopefully we can ask somebody that's nice if they've seen any dragons and how long it's been since.


So is it the same person? We need to know that.


Disadvantage? Okay.


No, we're never awkward.


My proposition was to leave you all and go look and come back. To look.


I can talk to the bats or I can Dominate a bat. I could talk to the bats.


It must have been a patch or something. Oh yeah! Yeah yeah yeah, patch! It's a patch. It's a patch.


Let's do that. Keep moving up, right? That's where the city is.


Blindfold her!


I would like to put it to use.


So what now, Your Highness?


Because I'm at advantage because of Vow of Enmity.


Natural 20. Not that it matters, because I already got a crit.


There's no fake. It's not faking. I've got a plan. It's not fake, I've got a plan. It's a good plan. But we should sit, recuperate, go somewhere quiet and figure out how we're getting to the bog.


Holy balls!


So it's just cloudy?


I'll take first watch. (laughter)


Yeah, it's warm. I'm already very warm.


Now the beat's all off.


Yeah, bring it out!


It's a big range.


Is there a particular area on that map that most of the baddies seem to be coming from?


Super fast in the water. I bet they're really fast in the water.


Wait a minute. Did the orb at the top turn the same way that the orbs in the ziggurat turn?


Okay, so you know how time is weird when we go back to the other plane of existence?


I'm distracted.


(gasps) Was it the Gentleman? Is he who helped you in?


That's 1d12. Thank you very much. That's seven.


Intelligence. Investigation?


Maybe somebody is sitting in the little alcove.


Just watch it die.


We’ve been fighting and killing for weeks, and now we’re haggling over prices.


That gives us something to hide behind, right? At least, with his eyeballs.


Are they buzzing more?


Comically tragic.


Don't want to scare the locals too much.


It's about people coming in.


Looking at our map, how much longer do I think we have to go to get to our destination?


Just a drop-through? Can I, like-- fuck.


Working her butt off.


Doty has been in a battle.


Plus your strength of ten. So 18.


Or like-- hands?


"Once you enjoy the geeky gear inside, you can use the box to clean up, well, all this dust!"


Very damaged.


Here's the thing. You're being attacked by a white dragon.


As I'm leaping, I want to take the staff and come down and go (crack) with a slap. Double handed, piece of shit gnoll! Oh god, it's a two!


I thought so, too. That would have been good!


He's just a cat.


Oh. 22 points.


That'll do. Let's try this.


Are there any other gods here that we should curry favor with? For? Of?


We actually made it rain Pogs! It was great! You can come. We're going to have another Pog party!


We don't.


It's not 64 pounds.


Detect Magic?


I'm scared of all of my dice right now! Oh god.


Come on, Fjordy.


Well, so, did we never talk about that? Yeah. A bunch of us were riding it-- Ah, it was the dwarf, I swear it was the dwarf. We were on the carpet and there were runes on the walls and as soon as we got near the runes the carpet went (raspberry noise) and fell down.


That may be the most interesting thing I think you've ever said, is souls don't grow on trees.


She called me "bro." Game of Thrones is obviously back on the air.


I know. He definitely does this when he needs to go poo. But this is so much worse!


A full--


I'll go with Jester, on the other side of that.


I want to spend the night here. No.


Later.


I have an earpiece, right?


Oh, that's a bad roll.


Chime of Opening. (laughter)


See, everything's fine, it's a lovely welcoming party.


3d8 plus five. Where are the d8s?


I'll use Eldritch Blast at Toya being held down by Beau.


That wasn't the golden snitch?


My stomach exists.


You would think, there was a tornado that came through here.


I continue to creep away from my sister, specifically.


No, we're next to each other.


That is 18?


Tune in tomorrow night at 7 00 to see the show. We will also be giving away prizes to some lucky person who made a donation and tagged Critical Role in the donation field. That's it! Yay!


But I can still move my normal speed, right? All right, so I'm going to run as far as I can towards that wall.


