Aw, Frumpkin! Hey buddy.


I run up to the guard and check his pulse. Is he still alive or is he paralyzed?


Power Word?


Does that mean we have to cast some spells or something?


Yeah, no I want back in, for sure. That's what I've come here for: to come back in. But here's the thing. It's a bit of a surprise, right? Other people haven't seen me. You like a good surprise, right, Horace?


One of us.


29, no, it's-- Yeah, yeah, plus four, 11. And then 18. So 29 plus-- Oh, sorry, 21 plus 18. Somebody keep track of this shit.


Yes, but we have to go. Sorry, I'm late for a very important appointment. I drag Nott right out of here because I saw no doorknob on the door.


Because he attacked us first.


A 20 by six foot canvas?


I need 25,000 gold pieces worth of diamonds.


Do you feel up to this level of deception? I say with all seriousness.


He's in the north.


Every week!


Oh god. Oh god! Much, much bigger than Hardwick! (laughter)


I do, I have one more 5th-level.


My initiative bonus is zero, just saying. (exaggerated cough) No, you keep them.


And Kymal hasn't been hit yet?


You say now we see a door and it's open?


I like this! Technically, I'm supposed to be at the base of the tree, right?


Do we want to do that first, or do we want to deal with--


That was amazing. I would live there in a second!


Yes, I am! Let me take a look at it, please! I've already detected it. I will attempt to disarm it with thieves' tools, correct?


Same target. He's right in front. That one hits too, that's 19.


If you could put a beat down on the priest, do it.


Can we recognize the language in which the runes come from?


You could get a rest.


Clarota, is this a possible thing that we should maybe shut down? Could K'Varn send his allies through here?


Literally attacking the darkness. This is what DND is all about.


This is very stressful. Okay. 21.


Within The Clasp?


The water elemental that I rolled against had a plus three to its constitution.


Well, you know, fuck it. Let's also get this horse.


Pike? Where do you stand.


An adrenaline--


This is danger zone.


How much was the first one?


Can I see what it is?


Well, I figure for all of us to get in, we should go through the sewers, probably.


Bonus action, use the Mage Hand to untie the other one.


Oh, would I Blink again?


Well, I can, because it was a four.


Not having a good day.


(singing) To the front, to the side, to the back. Disarm that trap.


18. Yasha rolled a seven.


I could use it as a makeshift shelter.


Is he always like this?


Yeah! Yeah. Uh-huh.


What about you, Jessie?


Yeah, I was casting Find Familiar.


Yeah, I'm going to pull out my staff and do a Burning Hands on him. Dexterity saving throw.


She's in Vasselheim, restoring another temple of Sarenrae at this moment.


And we can't spot any pixies near us at all?


Do you see that?


Excellent. I don't actually even know how to get off this boat. We haven't done it properly in so long.


Maybe up against the wall or something?


50th episode. There's going to be special giveaways. I don't know. Is that true? I don't know.


Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.


We could try to go out the side of the windows. It is daytime.


Nope, me neither. We never have those. So listen, maybe while we're eating some of those shitty salads that this fucking place makes now, you can drizzle it on the top, or does he have to drink it with a drink?


You're so mysterious


It's a little squirrel.


I'm sorry I didn't tell you about that. Engagement. But you know.


Of course you can. Feel free to lean on me, though.


It's a fucking tease.


I got a shortbow. 18 plus seven.


Not a book, not a book at all, nope.


Is it into the woods, or further along?


Two thousand gold off the asking price.


He's got to come with us to testify.


Are you going to talk to them?


You're still alive.


By this point, by the way, everyone has 16 hit points added to their--


Now?


Well, I would have gone a straight way, but yeah.


Us and troll dongs, man!


You gotta jump over people.


You have a bag, right?


No. I'm pretty good at jumping. What about regular healing potions?


I yell over, Oh now you're interested in the tower!


Oh, this is like a chain and if I wasn't high as fuck I would get it. "The sacrifice feeds the fountain."


Is Bigby's Hand a magic attack or a physical attack? It's a melee spell attack.


Well, I don't know. You seem to make these strange comments about how people feel and stuff. I'd have thought maybe you were like a mind-reader.


Westruun is close-ish, right, to Emon?


That's fine, if she ever gets close enough for us to kill her.


I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you!


Do you know about these sorts of things?


I mean, it's always rough waters and the storms are frequent. You normally make it through with good prep, but I didn't know it was like this.


It's intelligence?


Do we roll something?


Okay, I'll use Mage Hand to hold it up.


Thanks, mom. It is burned into my head.


How does Grog get anywhere? I forget.


Tell me you have biscuits and gravy or something.


Well, we had one at our disposal when we were friends of the city.


Was it his girlfriend?


Natural one! Ten dollars! To 826LA! (cheering)


Let it all out. Go for it. Don't hold back.


"What do you want me to do!"


Yes, that is correct.


I make a constitution saving throw? Okay.


I'm a little kooky.


Sam, that's on you.


Come on, buddy.


Is it ancient?


No type of directional marks? Any type of, using my background, any types of Thieves' Cant for smuggling?


Two-hour combat scenario.


Aren't I immune to acid damage?


All right. Can Trinket run up and fight alongside Grog? All right, he's going to do that.


Now, you're going to answer all these nice man's questions, okay?


I don't know why I did Reckless. I'm learning, I should have waited.


For her thorns.


You won't.


Are you musicians?


Tickets are still on sale, orchestra seats, very few left.


20 damage on the first attack.


We're not silenced, right? So I'm yanking off any fancy clothes I have on and I'm pulling my Cloak of Elvenkind out. I'm putting it over. And I spider under the bed and check it for traps.


Simultaneously?


You can't take me with you if you glide through the earth, can you?


He got Akira'd.


I just found this out, that he was using drugs behind our back.


Matt!


But the cloak then cancels it out.


And I made that sound like it was coming from my duplicate, and my duplicate's going to run back a little bit and stand next to the pole. Yeah.


Oh boy. West Virginia.


Do the red! Maybe it's fire.


Okay, Keyleth. The thing we talked about.


We do something together, I don't know what. Or you're playing a version of me or something, I don't remember.


How much will it take to save our friends?


Some simple fabrics, meats. My friends haven't sampled the cuisine down there, and I was hoping to show them a bit of the Menagerie Coast.


Perhaps you should rethink your line of work.


Oh shit, 22. No. Hits me.


All right, well. Okay.


Short rest? Can we use hit dice?


Do we lay low, and hold quiet in these tents? Or do we get everyone up?


I think Yasha might get a kick out of it.


Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honour, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gun clicking) (explosion roaring)


I'm going to gently look around and slowly back up and see if I can see anyone.


Mysterious whispers!


Terrible, 13.


It's from a cow!


She's cleaning up.


Essentially, about 900 years ago or so, roughly a thousand years ago, we were a nomadic people. And then there was some sort of great sundering-- we're actually still not 100% sure; a lot of information was lost. And the elemental planes started bleeding with this plane, and oh, Vex is falling asleep.


I'm going through papers.


(weakly) Sorry!


Inside the hotel has drinks.


That is a question.


Do you want some help? I'll come help you!


That's it, that's all. (laughter)


You're terrible. That's terrible.


It's only just begun.


I hate you.


Well, I need the boat 'cause I'm heavy.


I'm waiting for Pike.


How long have we been gone?


No, you already said it.


13 for me.


I probably have my crossbow out.


19 for mine as well.


We were trying to see if he might have worked with people that might have known what he was doing that day, earlier.


They already headed out?


I'm scared of all of my d20s right now.


Did you guys see that?


Which is double dice. Not double psychic, just double damage, right? Yeah.


Oar Master.


Yes, if I see things that are familiar. Such as-- (all laugh)


No I just literally went to a shop I knew in Draconia and picked up the item. I wasn't sure if they had any in Emon and didn't really want to waste any time looking for one.


I don't know if that will help.


And go up.


Got to get laid.


I believe. Get the fuck in this bed.


I thought we were taking him out.


(laughs) I can write it out.


Nine, Percy.


Where are you guys heading off to? Seems like people are making pretty big plans.


(softly) What's going on?


I’m sure they’re sound asleep right now. Just getting a good night’s sleep. (laughter)


Minus five?


That was a fucking awesome physical reaction.


Ooh, I take out the Wand of Smiles and I cast it at her.


He gets it halved as well?


How do you feel about snow?


It was a 12.


Yeah, but we need one. What if they try to find it, like, tonight, though?


Oh, times two. So that's--


Yeah, I'm paying attention to her and going (vague noise).


I'm not leaving a fucking bear on the outside of town where there's hounds around, and there's fucking vampires and birds flying around, fuck you!


It's only five feet high.


No, I'm a guild member, I just like to be helpful. Like you guys.


It's pre-season. Nobody playing right now.


What?! What's this mean?!


Make it 16.


It's not just a messenger, it's defeating a dragon.


Tell him that I love him very much!


Okay. All right, all right, all right. What the fuck am I going to do? I am going to hold my turn right here.


You want me to write some stuff down for you?


I mean, no one in between us, like the bad guys.


No, it didn't.


Oh yeah, we were right in the fucking front row. Look at us! We're so cute!


There were six--


All right. Grasping the falchion, I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Misty Step and try to (fwoomp).


They could be listening! I'm coming to you!


(electric razor noise)


Oh, okay. So should we make our way to this cave?


For bursts of an hour, each time?


Then what did you do? I know you were in our room. I know you're lying to me.


Right around her titties? The titty area?


She's telling the truth.


Skeletor. Mine!


Wisdom saving throw DC, oh shit, so many pieces of paper. 18.


Look. Say we were really bored, and we wanted to get you your family back. Where would you go?


Over at the fancy-- I forget the place that I'm from. The fancy place.


Yeah, are we going to talk about the Riegel in the room?


Really? I thought I could move five feet.


Can you just lean in front of Keyleth?


Yeah, I would definitely drop the form.


I float above him on the broom.


Can we check the elf and the dwarf that we knocked out, as well?


This has been a long fight, guys.


It's Elvish.


Oh, stealth checks, right.


All of us?


No, I'm out. I'll stay on the land.


How heavy can you make it?


Put them away, put them away.


Nothing, just look sharp. (groaning)


No, I was just swinging. I swing back.


Yelling out the wrong name in bed, eh? (laughter)


And then my second attack--


Just because. That's a million. That's 34 minus five is 29!


I take the money.


Nott the Brave.


I dodge it! I try and dodge it!


Some gas?


That could be inferred.


No, I dispelled the carpet so I can do double my speed so I can get there, and then I redo the carpet as I--


The fuck was that?


Yeah, we found the lair.


No, it's a leather band.


Top o' the mornin'!


He will.


I don't know why you had that in your mind! I just want to look-- Thank you. And I walk off with my paper.


It's an arrow?


Yeah, well, yes.


Oh. Shit.


Pull it down a little bit. Just give it a little tug. There it is.


Athletics check, that one was not so good. (laughter)


Are there river men who run boats on the river?


Does that make you uncomfortable?


It's difficult to prepare for what we're not prepared for.


Guys, there is no god, and it is the cold, random chance of the universe.


That is correct, right? We have not been paid.


Yeah, she said her name!


Vecna walks the earth.


Oh that's right, that's the one. Thank you.


So monsters of a six. I don't even know; I'll look at the list.


That's Pocky chocolate.


I just want to procrastinate and prolong the--


You joke, but like a third of our people are down. It's very empty out there.


I was thinking about it for a while, like if I ever saw him again--


Not yet. We are new to this place. My master here is seeking audience with his kind. We were guided to this place. This establishment has a high reputation. We wish to inquire how to get inside.


Ha, just you and me live. (all laugh)


Okay, I'll see if there's a way to disarm it, or plug the hole, or something.


Ring based.


Wait, we're rolling ones! That's $100! (cheering)


I'm clicking my Boots of Haste and scuttling along the ceiling back towards the door.


But it's unique, and what if inside the door we make it look even more unique?


Doty did his job. He protected us.


Could you see through the mouth of this face that you saw, when you were in there?


Am I controlling the cart at this point if everybody is sleeping?


And 16 copper. Aren't you all jealous?


Oh, okay. I thought I would have known you if you did.


Oh, I'm with my friends here, they've shared a bit of what is gone on here and I'm sympathetic.


We have some.


Hey, it's Grog.


(speaking Black Speech)


That was a good bail-out.


Thank you. Perfect.


Oh, that one fell.


Yes! All right, not bad. Ten damage and he is not moving. Bish!


I'm going to hold my turn until the dragon's turn.


Did Lyra give me--


Let's gather what we need, make sure that Gilmore is ready to move, as well. We'll bring everybody through to Whitestone.


Does the town look like it's safe and intact?


With a bow on it. You'll get it back.


And I walk up and fucking hammer that shit.


It's not concentration, so I can just jump in there.


Going to eat food!


Yeah, we paid a lot for this.


Come on, golden snitch.


Oh, I hit it.


Okay. Then I will reach into my magic bag and pull out a vial of acid, and slam it on the tentacle and see if I can burn through the tentacle.


Saying his name is very-- you know.


So, all melee attacks are at disadvantage, because you're swinging through water.


Oh yeah. Stay within 60 feet.


I can attack as soon as he comes up to me?


Take it real slow.


Yeah, well, it feels that way.


More than I do. You're stronger in frame than I am. Sure you want to go?


It's also got a giant fucking ogre on it now.


That's chocolate.


How do we trust you all won't skip town in the middle of the night?


Yeah, I only got 16.


I go down to the training room. And I stop the servant and go, can you bring down a bed for me?


Nothing yet.


Seeing what comes out from the bottom of the ship.


Going to check for traps from right here to start. All right. That's totally fine. That's a jellyfish. That is a 17.


That thing couldn't. That would be a different spell altogether.


Scanlan Two's going to cast Counterspell.


What's that saying? Be careful of the toes you step on, they might belong to the ass you got to kiss later?


The cannon goes (creaking).


I feel like I'm learning so much about you, Vax.


Fuck that kraken!


Yeah, the whip is down.


Within 60 feet of us. It's super important!


They've been here for weeks!


We're on the safe side with Bad News and me.


I'm nobody! Is it just a cage or is there a door on the bear cage?


Oh that's right, from the first shot.


You didn't say that out loud. You did not just say that out loud.


How do you define this ritual? Is this under any sort of faith that you have?


(quietly) Sick.


Wait, you're unconscious?


I mean, it is a sewer system.


Yeah, we can. Yeah, hey.


What? You think I was really going to keep them?


I had to do it. Natural 20.


You don't want it in the Bag?


13. 14.


It was a busy day for us. Unfortunately, we're partially responsible for this one as well. Bad luck.


Oh yeah, like a dog chip?


Yeah, I want to climb a tree that I'm next to.


Listen, we did that before you knew this sword. We're all strong together. You were strong before it and you'll be strong after it.


An insecticide generally refers to insects. And we're talking gnolls.


I still have the bag of leftover IKEA crap.


Sing off.


Oh. My. Gosh. Shut your face!


Paperwork!


Nervous. 14.


Oh no. Be quiet.


There's nothing wrong with being alone.


It's like kissing a child.


The gardens were originally constructed by Melanie de Rolo, who is actually one of more interesting de Rolos of the time. She was of the third generation to be born into this castle--


I'm sorry! I'm really nervous!


Yeah! I remember he was trapped down by the spider.


He's at 36. He needs 24 more.


(imitating Grog) We took the flying carpet. Sorry.


Oh. Yes, she is.


Thank you for all of your help. You've been so kind.


Whoa. Yeah. That makes sense. It's what I would do.


No, really?


16, investigation.


Do I have advantage or anything because he's not moving, or--?


No, look, I'm not shaming you for that. I'm just saying maybe we should put the black powder in the haversack.


And I make a perception check as I walk back by myself. (laughter)


Well no, I wanted the eagles to pick up Pike and Percy.


And then I'm going to mostly for the rest of the time, keep to myself and Trinket and I'm going to help the townspeople rebuild a bit.


It was a high-cost spell.


May I put up my cloaky thing?


What should I do?


Don't worry.


What makes you think that?


I found a hammer, Grog. Is it cursed? Can we tell? If it's cursed? Can we tell if it's bad?


So I would disappear? I would fall?


What's Jester doing right now?


Do you not have an earpiece?


If you find the orb, you should totally bond with it and get all the water powers that Fjord wants.


Radiant damage?


Are you going to keep looking?


Look at this cone you have.


That's so poetic.


Can you kill Felicia next week?


Even worse.


Fury of the Small. Let me look.


Is he holding my axe?


The ladies take, like, 20 minutes.


Yeah. My damage is 2d12 plus six slashing damage.


Can I ask a question, Matthew?


You're making a Derby hat. That's appropriate.


We all take 25-- We each saved 25 gold.


Read it, Sam, what's it say on D&D Beyond?


She vomits up a popsicle into the pool.


We also have this map, which is at the top of the Inkclaw Reef, that will guide us through the reef. Instead of coming this direction and then down and underneath, which is what you would probably be doing.


I respect her ability to handle her own shit on her own time.


(whispers) Fire Ashari?


Yeah. I think he has to save against it.


Punisher.


Come on, Cad!


Oh, that's good. I rolled a ten. I'm not that strong!


It's great and fun.


I'm charging him.


Can I do it again immediately? Can I try again?


What? I seem off?


Distracted by Percy, Keyleth just scans. Does anything in Primordial stick out?


He has as many as he wants. He resists everything.


We're back up on the upper level?


Have you ever been to the Menagerie Coast? How far south have you been?


1d10. That's a ten! Four-- that's 14 points of damage plus a d6, that's 15 points of damage.


And await my punishment.


That's a great, great idea.


It's a little jolt. It's a little fall. It's fine.


Well, that's a lot of bollocks then.


I buy the group a round.


He might be back. He might be on his way here.


Explains why your face is doing that, I suppose.


Seeker's turn and Sylas got to take a turn!


Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah!


Yes, he is.


Everybody else went already.


Didn't see. Just saw a Cadbury egg.


I'm sure it'll be pretty loud. There might also be an explosion.


That's not smart!


Can I sit down and talk to Gilmore for a moment?


Yeah, you's a badass bitch.


I'm excited about that one.


He's family?


Oh, okay, yes. I will disguise myself as a tortle, but not the that guy we met, like a tortle that's a girl.


All right, so I can only move or I can only use my bonus action, yeah?


And a small one for my dick. (laughter)


Do you guys want to get it?


It's so good. So tune in, it's noon 'til two on Wednesdays, on the twitch stream where you probably are right now.


Oh, god, I'm not comfortable with that. And I'm taking another ten feet back. I'm starting to back up a little bit, because that was more than I was intending.


Holy moly. Do you need to get word back home? Because I don't think we're going home.


The final one hits?


Let's not.


No, no, it's a portal to the Feywild.


Of course it does. It can break away from the wall, it just can't pass through it.


Yeah! Balgura, fuck her up!


What?! Pike? Pike was here?


All right. I'm setting my arrow on fire, and I'm shooting it down into the pit.


So why didn't you want to show that you were also cleansed? What was the point of holding up the charade?


Let's go. We're wasting time just talking.


You're very brave for someone so small!


What in the hot fuck is going on with her?


He won't.


That would be weird.


11, plus Hunter's Mark. 15. And then the Bloodseeking Bow does ten bleeding damage each round.


Okay. It's because it worked that way in Pathfinder. I used to do that with Grog's axe all the time.


We're hiding it in the tall grass.


You need to not use that dice for the rest of the night.


Can-- I'm still being grappled by whatever's in that cage.


(screams) (weakly) I've killed him. I've killed poor Vax.


It really is.


You got any of that rogue shit?


Don't you think the Slayer's Take-- should I run back and talk to Vanessa?


Is it called a bangin' tree?


I feel like with Scanlan gone, our best talker is this one.


That's a d20, I mean, that's a natural 20.


No, it's not there.


They're not webbed. What if he's my dad, you guys?


Three throws. One each.


I have to ride on one by myself.


Okay, and starts like, narrowing its eyes and looking around. Just sort of mean and maybe gets a cigarette. I don't know how she has so many of them. Does she roll them? I don't know.


1d10 for nine points of damage.


It's Yasha? She's going to walk up and swing away.


So is it better to go now or tomorrow morning?


I've never done it, either.


Do you use magic?


Born and raised.


Actually, here's a deal. We'll make you a good deal. You waive our entry fee and if anyone needs to be kicked out, or any security needs to happen, we'll help you out.


We can do this. We've got lightning.


Do we have to keep whispering? Can we pretend we're still whispering, but let's not actually whisper?


Correct. It's not concentration, I don't think.


This doesn't give us spell resist, right?


I have no idea. However, they look fancy.


Let's curl around.


Seeing that--


I feel like going back to the carnival is probably a bad idea.


Caleb tries to creep up to a gravestone and hide behind it to get within 30 feet of the door.


I'm trying not to judge at the moment, and--


I will--


Quickly, though, because even though we don't look like ourselves, they know that there are strangers in town.


Your Hunter's Mark sounds like Didgeridoos. Or rain sticks.


Jocks were not this polite in the locker room.


Okay, I could, I have, wait! I have a--


Can I try it on?


Nothing from me.


No. It's exactly what you would do when you almost lose somebody.


Where you would put a brother-in-law that you liked?


Scanlan, come here.


Sure. Well, then, how are we going to get in?


You can stalk me. I'll be very stalkable. E-stalk.


Oh boy. Try!


Who am I out there with? Cosko?


So the fountain lowered, but Nott is trapped inside--


I've got some things I was working on. Like this.


You couldn't understand that. I was like, you guys, that duck was really chill. (laughter)


No, you can take it all.


Well, for now this is easy, we're going to send my owl now. If anything goes wrong, will you please tap three times on my left knee? I go blind and send Frumpkin up.


Splots!


So you half all damage.


Oh, it is? No, but Percy's off the map!


I look up at Percy who is covered in smoke, and I grab his hand and I say, "Percival, how are you?"


What, how?


Do you have a healing potion?


I already know.


Oh my god, please stop.


Take some of the dice out of your box.


So we either leave him and it, or we take it and kill him.


I've spent time with wealth.


They're like this big!


Okay, I've sent for help.


That's very sad.


Do you want to get them? It seems like you got all the money in the world.


Yeah. Work ethic can choke you in that way. Well, it's about that time. Should we make our way back for whatever this is going to be?


How could I have been so foolish? This whole time, that fucking blade has been using me!


I put two on each side.


It's a #2 pencil!


God, I really wish we had the stones with us now.


You get advantage, right?


Do you need some tea or something?


It's all they know.


How long is it to travel to get back to town?


Apparently, you're a madman.


228.


That is very fair, let's take a look.


An entire city.


Yeah, Odell.


I look regal and as we pass elves I say, good day.


That's good! And then I cast Hunter's Mark!


Wings in front, wings in back? This is crazy. This is a cool tableau.


Oh, look at that smile.


So does it - do you have to - anyone you put it on, it curses them?


Do we need to fix anything?


You can also drink along since we'll have to buy your drinks for you.


I had a one today.


Elivr is nice. Coralin.


Oh no, what was it?


Grog! Grog, no. No!


Mass Cure Wounds.


How did you get here? What are you doing here? How did you get here?


We just pay for it.


There's a metagaming pigeon in this. (laughter)


Whoa! It's a cozy camp.


Okay, well, if this doesn't work, we're going to the tunnel.


Where-- Go for it.


We didn't hide the bodies.


It's a bitch, isn't it? Concentration's a bitch.


Did it kill people?


We'll have a toast to him.


Yeah, I remember that.


As you were. Then he starts muttering again and walking around the circle that the silver wire makes.


We brought everything we could.


Am I really-- come on.


Yes. Okay. Yes! 18 plus one lightning damage, plus 2d6, here we go, and two ones! I'm rolling great! Woo!


I pick up a rock about that big, walk ten feet back, and throw it at the energy.


Oh, shit. Are you going to let him do that to your girl?


Now you've got advantage.


Cabal's Ruin.


Ooh, wait! Well--


No, I can do a more permanent version of that. I've never tried it before. And it's a 7th-level spell.


I'll collect later. Don't say anything.


We'll try and meet up with these guys?


I want to see, let him sleep it off.


Oh no, that's right, I'm not there yet.


Oh, this day is great!


Can I move to where I can get a line of site on that one?


Willkommen.


Should we go to the tomb?


I guess I'll go with Percy and take the skull, and I'll make sure we put it somewhere safe in the keep, if you guys want to go talk to Uriel.


(gasps) He's going super saiyan!


Sorry I didn't have more for you.


I helped too!


Yeah, but I've seen you throw a dagger or two in your time and you always have to walk out to the tree and pull it out or walk out to the gnoll and pull it out. This way it would come right back to you. Think about it.


Yeah. Costs?


That's where I was going with that.


How about that.


Come on...


Sure, yes.


I bet we can find some ghosts.


Cool. This is-- there's still on the altar that's raised above-- and all that.


Should we gather up all of the things and put them back up in the tree?


If you could be succinct, I'm a little fucking ticklish, okay?


It feels like you are lying to us.


I crawl up on the wall, because I can, and watch in horror.


And there are creatures on the road and in the woods and quite frankly you're safer right now. If we do what we have come here to do, we will come back for you.


It's all right. I'm fine.


They might have been party to a crime, we don't know. We're investigators.


Hi. Are you super wasted?


Not hitting Kashaw.


Four points of damage.


What is the wisdom thing that you did?


Yeah, maybe you were locked behind something or there was some way to release it in the room.


Oh my god! We're fighting The Grudge. I'll throw up.


Marian? That's a beautiful name.


I'm Nott! I'm just Nott! Hi! Nice to meet you!


Aside from Vorugal.


All right. Let's open it up.


I smile back at the guard, like (pained laugh) this is crazy, isn't it?


You were brave and strong.


The three suits of armor came out of the wall, so there's now a wall that we haven't seen behind them.


Cat butt right in their face.


How was your--?


I slap her.


We should stop that from happening.


Oh god, you're going to kill me?!


Best and worst?


You know, it reminds a little of when we dressed Trinket up in pink bows.


She knows how it works. We don't know why she's here, but she figured shit out the last time.


Will 60 feet hit him?


Nott definitely doesn't want to be in the sea.


I'm half.


No, that was, I'm fine. I'm going to stare at the wall because I don't know how to deal with attention very well.


October 9th.


60 feet.


I would not do that again.


I walk out ahead of her.


They're going to flirt together.


Wait, you're buried, too?


Let Laura lead.


Beautiful, beautiful gift.


Looking for change in the couch?


We'll each take one ring.


As many of us as possible?


(deeper voice) Yes, it's me, I'm Fjord. Come on.


I feel like they know all the townspeople.


It doesn't always work out for you anyway.


What did you do to her?


I mean, she could have.


What's a pomeranian?


Hey. Hi.


Yeah, Kiri settle.


I want some now.


How about a little wine?


Shape of Water!


It's a word for big name. Thank you. Do it.


I'm going to stick my head in and see if there's anything in there.


Okay, 27.


They're supposed to let you breathe underwater. I don't know if it pumps your guts full of air or anything.


Work those rules.


Weren't they on the ceiling?


Fuck you both.


I'm not allowed to say that word out loud.


Are we killing this one?


I'm going to be quiet. Can I support her head?


Are we hiring a crew? Are we kidnapping a crew?


Well, I have a question, and not like I can really help with this, but should we go see if we can read about some article of shadow-death, whatever the fuck it's called? Like, is it in a library?


Yeah, we need your help. But I'm just checking you guys out first because he said I'm a real good judge of character.


Let's go to Vasselheim.


It's time!


Do I still get to be the best though if this guy sticks around and just keeps going?


I also happened to pack Control Water in my bag of tricks today.


Take it back. Now.


(gasps) I gave you some mirrors! Do you remember?


I have one extra attack, but I will--


Do you mean actually; have you died?


Kara, I think it's Kara.


We just need to throw it into the cave.


I immediately take a knee. Thank you for letting me come here. Just to see you, and-- we will come to you.


Should we divvy it up equally?


That's-- ugh.


Goddamn it. I'm sorry.


And can I use that four, I'm gonna take that four lightning, can that hit the glove?


We have to do it right. This time I'm coming prepared with my paints and a mustache.


No, I haven't done the math yet, but I'm pretty sure.


He's going to get back up.


Well, we can still put stuff in it if we want to.


Pause for error.


I back slowly the 15 feet that I traveled.


Here. I toss him mine and Jester's key. Just don't steal any of the pillowcases or go through any of our luggage.


Yeah, I don't think it's trapped or anything. You probably can do that.


I start dragging his body.


Is she dead? Can we take her outfit? (laughs)


I'm signing.


I'm doing the animal control thing and be like: No, no, bad.


20. That's my low roll.


Oh, is it big enough to hold a giant carpet?


Yeah, he can talk a lot.


Why do I think it's doubtful she will like me? She has threatened me constantly. She is very aggressive. She's very surly. She doesn't smile a lot unless there is a spell cast on her. I've only seen her punch people in the face.


Sneak attack hits the first time we connect, right?


Just give it to me. Trust me.


I'm going to cast Sacred Flame at the one behind me!


Petri-fried. Entire State Building.


It's a 26. It's okay.


Yeah, no, behind that little rock-- oh, where am I? Oh, I'm over there. Yeah, I'm going to get-- oh boy. Just stand there, I'm just too flushed right now. I can't go anywhere. This is too situational for me


Or can you put up a wall to where we don't have to worry?


50.


What does the child look like? He or she? It's a boy?


Verbal. You have to speak.


Yeah. Four.


I mutter that to the group.


Good weird, but it's weird.


Could I have gone around the edge here to see? Would we have known, going on this side, if there were any doors?


You got to divide them out.


We need to have a conversation with him afterwards. We can tell him to leave the city and never come back or we'll take off your other hand!


Yeah, but not like metal with holes for the water to go through?


We have your card. We're good. Yeah, we know.


I'm going to move just behind Yasha. Are any of them within range at this point?


Ja. I will take a backup, you are correct.


He is, okay. Then I don't do that, because you can't fly yourself, so I do grab him, this time.


Yeah. Have you ever been to the lady favors?


This week, guys, D&D Beyond is offering up another discount code for 24-- no, I read that wrong! 25% off any single purchase in the D&D Beyond marketplace. Use code "InvisibleWand," not case-sensitive, at check-out to receive the discount. I've done a lot of things to promote D&D Beyond and all of our sponsors. I've done poetry. I've done opera. I've sung songs. But there's one art form that I haven't explored... and that's dance.


It looks so great, just all natural, out, ready for the world, but I wanted to make you just look a little bit more coiffed.


That one right there? Let's do some damage with Animus, and let's add a sharpshooter for it, just for fun.


Probably not, Jester.


Thanks! 14.


(sighs) Hold on.


It's called Malibu Sunset.


Trees are bad?


Of course. It is, of course, pretty. Never mind, just continue.


I'm on board. You have me. Whatever you will. I have something I need to take care of, which you know, and I hope you will help me with it. But I do not take your gift lightly. You have me. I close the door again and head back to town.


Are JB and Ogden together?


No witnesses.


You're not supposed to kill him. No killing allowed in this?


So I spent two already.


They're awake?


Technically anyone can use a shield, but if you're not proficient in it--


Well, we can shop in the morning, on the way out.


They wouldn't have taken it.


Artagan?


But he's out of the kraken, he's out of the kraken.


Life lesson.


I come up and I want to do a flying Superman (impact).


Ooh, but like an acai bowl?


I almost wore my special spider belt, too, but it felt too weird.


What does Slow mean, by the way?


Shit, that's probably what it was.


Jester and Molly, you keep an eye as we keep moving forward. We'll come back to where the casters are.


An artifact we can bring back to--


I come over and sit and take one of the teas.


I'm holding onto it? Jesus.


We don't even notice him leave.


Vax. Why don't you go down the hallway and see if anyone else is coming? Keep watch.


Pilfer.


What does that mean? That's below her total hit points!


I've got it already.


I stand, I look at the creature. No, I don't look at the creature. (laughs) I just sort of look near the creature, and I will punch it in its face with Bigby's Hand.


Eyy! Fuck up that dragon!


This is... Beau.


Sausage for the guard, cat for the dog.


It's good chili, to be fair.


Kiri knows what I'm talking about.


Behave like wind, you guys.


And to be even more fair, they'd been drinking all day. Smelled like alcohol. (all laugh)


I hold on to my horse and stop hearing everybody. Disadvantage?


Her bad. Did you see anything?


What are you digging there, Grog?


I don't know if she's leaving town. She's just selling the tavern.


Plant la-la-la.


Grab them.


Your accent is showing.


Wait. Is she serious?


Van Damme splits, just out of the way!


Oh my god! Like some horrible crash.


She needs two more d6s.


No, the rock is probably the most innocent person that you're going to throw.


But the big scary tree, that's staying still.


Oh, thank goodness! You know I'm such a fearful person.


No, no, he was being terrible.


Can I see Scanlan prepare for the bamf, and can I move to the other side of the last place I saw her?


That what I was about to ask. Are we fighting or are we running?


You can thank my bird for knowing what you look like, actually.


I am a great ally to you. And if you need any favors, I am your friend.


Yeah, it'll go away. Let's wait.


Question to the dungeon master.


It is masterworks.


Okay! Clar-ota


(screams) (laughter)


What would that tell you?


Glug glug?


It's thousands of feet.


Garmelie? Do you want to come with us? Go invisible?


At dawn we bank. (laughter)


So 19 plus 12 probably hits on the first attack.


I spent another two on the fight. And I'm going to do another one. Up his ass again.


I'm picking you up, and I'm lurching after Grog!


Fjord, don't you dare have fun without us! I'm rolling out the door.


All right. Give me ten minutes.


He goes to the Crownsguard to report a robbery. Then they go in and they find the evidence that he was actually trying to be behind the attack that happened. So it actually is good that we destroyed the rug, because it led the guards into his house.


Ah, he's fine, yeah? He's fine.


Beautiful, and the second one. That's landed on the side. That's 24.


A minute passes. This is like when you walk the same direction, you say bye, and then you walk the same direction to the car.


Tiberius, Percy, and I are on the carpet, and Tiberius, are you good to help Grog fly across?


-- a problem.


Ooh, ooh! Can I find Pike? And I say, "Hey, wait. Before I go, do you want me to keep a special eye on Scanlan, since he proposed marriage?"


Spinning death machine.


How close are the pursuers?


The benches we're sitting on are covered in so much ass sweat right now.


All right, do it.


Is anyone else on the street?


Oh good, okay.


Seize.


And Trinket, you remember Trinket.


That's not enough.


We'll huddle together.


We sampled.


Is what I'm saying.


Lorenzo loves that show. He'll be up watching it.


I know. Don't worry. We're going to plant them on Allison. Everything's going to be fine, don't worry.


As he's going I immediately cast Stone Skin on myself. (cracking SFX)


Okay, so, Critical Role is finally getting a weekly comic strip.


A bunch of wasted healing potions.


Yes. Well, Trinket actually wanted some training with his cannonball. If you will stand still so he can run into you a few times, that would be swell.


Are you sure you want to play with us? Because we're going somewhere very dangerous very soon, and they did not play nicely with me. We're about to go to hell with someone who did not deal fairly with me.


Don't look at it, though. It'll turn you super evil, and you'll rip out your eye.


Come on, meteorite die. I'm using Luck, because that was terrible. That was still terrible!


Take a step back. You've earned this. I will open it, just in case.


Wait. Can you do lightning?


Oh, okay, I'm gonna stealth too.


What's life without a little spice?


Balls. That's a big seven.


Well, we take a day or two and we amass every heavy fucking hitter we have, and we do this. What other choice do we have?


How do you want to do this?


What exactly was your mission, Kima?


No, I said it's pretty close.


(whispering) Whoa.


Wait, can we all hold our attacks for as soon as the troll comes out of the tree?


There's got to be a way to move it.


Oh my god, it gets another? Oh, this guy's really hard.


I am up here. I'm right here.


Can I move, (impacts) giant dragon walking on the ceiling, and then look down at Delilah backwards and upside down and say, hello!


The fan art that you guys have been putting out is so amazing.


We've got to keep going. We can't stop now.


If we have some time, I could summon my father's army of lawyers--


Her aim is excellent. She never misses.


So if you take 80 hit points, you'll take you know, the ten that your eagle form took and then you'll take the other 70.


12 for me, so probably not so much.


15 plus 11, hits.


I’m seeing how-- is it possible to open the window?


Yeah, let's have a little fun. For my third shot, I'm going to turn on him. First, I'm going to cast Hex.


Yeah, I mean, we had a fucking nanny who used to tell us nightmare stories about this. It's way worse than she described it.


Thought you were going to beat him.


I'm going to go out past the wall and see if I can yell for the wolf.


I Druidcrafted from a distance.


(laughs) Don't want it anyway. Oh, that's not good.


Should've gone with Gil.


Dumb idea, yeah.


(singing) Danger lurks behind you.


19 for the last, with disadvantage.


Did they pay me?


Put it on. Oh my god.


A 20?


I think they need to.


Well, it is a spell that I learned when I was--


And I think you get to reroll.


What? She doesn't move anywhere!


Oh, you poor thing!


Who's closest to me, here?


Okay, well, get rid of it then!


You don't want to know how much I have.


Plus six.


Take the gold, or the house?


What's insight?


My modifier, my modifier, so 15. It was 17; I was excited.


I don't exactly know where I'm going.


Then an escalator!


Did she eat it?


Yeah, yeah, do it again! Do that shit again, please!


I mean, it's hard because I do pretty reckless things. I don't know. I honestly feel like everyone feels terrible about how that went, but you know, when you look at on the whole, we did okay.


The Bay of Jifs.


Man, thank you.


Do you have a name for him?


Oh, that'll happen.


Besides, have we seen all the brothels in Emon? I don't think so.


I feel like you're working some shit out, here. (laughter)


Do you like working for them?


Here's what I think is better. We take Tiny, transform him into a mouse. We fly over, just when we're over the right part of the city, flick him in the mouse nuts, and toss him off. And then let him turn him back into Tiny, as he falls into a pile of illithid and keeps them busy. We need to draw as much attention away from the beholder as possible.


She's like the fucking Flash.


Well, I take them.


He did say go left.


You could get within 60 feet.


(sighs) I take it. Percy, what is this?


I think that's a deal, Scanlan.


Okay, first and foremost, I'm gonna go ahead-- and I don't know if this is gonna help. But I'm gonna throw up a fog cloud.


Why don't we take a day or two to recuperate and then make our way to Kraghammer?


How about halfway up the mountain? I want to make it look rough, I want to try and camouflage it, and then I'm also going to help Percy and the rest of this excavation to use my Gust and little Create Water spells over top of it to start covering them with ice.


Come on, 5d10.


I stride up to the dragon and smack it on the nose.


You've got a good shot over there with that--


I'll give it a try.


Maybe I'll apprentice as that first?


Did he return alone?


No, no, that's-- I wasn't-- Yeah. Yeah. I tell Kern--


Any books?


Ooh! Nice, nice!


It's dangerous! It's dangerous! It's fucking dangerous!


I don't believe it. I don't fucking believe it.


Jesus. Let's put all of our eggs in one basket.


Can we see all the way to the end?


Oh, that's true, that's true.


You have an earring, though. If he's on his ass, you have a better chance of hitting him, correct?


Has the Raven Queen spoken to you at all?


I will also do it.


Bonus action. I'm a planetar. I don't have bonus actions.


But it wouldn't do what it says I can do here, where he's going to hit the ground.


Let's let Uriel know what's happened.


Let's all follow her, right?


Nope. I don't want it.


Can you get a message to him, though?


I didn't stumble, I've been here before. I've a fucked up past with this organisation but I've come to tell you-- And I'm pointing at the tattoo.


I'm trailing about 40 feet behind Molly.


So it was destroyed.


Respect.


Also my Control Weather spell should still be active.


How much of a shape-change can I--


That guy does not speak Zemnian!


He went to bed. I was awake.


We're the S.H.I.T.s.


I rolled really badly.


17 for the punch.


So awesome.


Hey! Okay...


Reckless again. 20, even.


What is eastward?


Yeah, I've been the Keeper a couple of times.


We're going in, to the house. You can respond to this message. They're dead.


He totally fucking did.


You did very well.


No, I haven't been biggened for a while.


That's pretty good. That's a 28.


Eight! No, seven.


It's hovering above. Thanks.


Because all the checks tonight have been so good.


A 99-year lease.


They're all the same, in the nose. Natural 20!


(loud sigh)


How about I pick up Pike with my 20, and I carry her in.


Mistress of the Hunt.


It was the best thing I could have ever hoped you said.


Does the rest of the council approve of this ridiculous plan?


Is that with a negative d4?


I mean. What do I mean? I mean, was he the offspring of--


Plus six?


Guys, come on. This is like, piece of cake, there's one guy. There's like eight of us.


That's really nice of you.


Well, wait. Wouldn't you be Thurston Howell III?


What do we see to the sides and-- so there's a cavern straight ahead facing towards us?


Oh, shit! The big black cobra hood, arms or just the serpentine body?


Thought we were going to warm up into this thing!


Yeah. So that's what I did on my year of break.


16 points on the second one, so 26 total.


It's blue, right? That is the color of hydrogen.


What is it that you miss about the City of Dis?


You can meet me, slightly deranged, all weekend at Amazing Comic Con with a bunch of other Street Fighter kids, and it's going to be a great time, and be right next to the Library Bards. Bonnie Gordon, yeah yeah.


Is there any light here? Dim light?


All your daughter knows is that you stood against great evil overtaking an entire continent. That's nothing to sneeze at, Scanlan.


You have advantage on this?


Let's run the GIF (hard g) of that now, please.


That was wonderful!


Okay, 2d8.


Vampire bullshit!


Yeah, don't get frozen.


I'll be on the lookout for cart tracks.


Give me a day, I will find out.


That's cold-blooded.


Did we just get janked? We just got robbed! It's hard to get out of here, isn't it?


I meant Petco.


Oh. You liked it?


I'm comparing the snake to the snake that's tattooed on my hand to try and get the heads to be the exact same size.


Let's do five. 5th-level.


That's very impressive. Oh--


I wouldn't Skywrite anything right now, Keyleth. That screen could keep us hidden. He could be searching for us right now.


Oh. Good, good.


You're a good kid. (whack)


If you're not going to answer any questions, can we please direct some to Yasha over here?


You are literally undercutting the very thing I just said.


(whisper) Should we stop this?


Should we send Frumpkin down there and see if it's clear?


Tap into our pool of luck.


Why don't you let him think and answer questions one at a time?


Yeah, gag me with a spoon, Mrs. Henderson!


Wait, I did not see Caleb in that cone.


Not yet. I'll say to the boys  You two, have you been for sale for more than a day or two?


I'll continue.


Tiberius, how do we get out of here quickly?


Like a full dragon?


What did we do before iPhones?


Thank you. These are my friends. They should be treated with respect.


Not terribly difficult. I don't think it's in two weeks, but when we go home, I'll work on it. I know, I like them too... I hate you. You're a terrible person.


24.


It could be your pubes! Don't jump to conclusions!


I knew the second she walked up!


Get it off the ship. Can you pull it off?


I am with you.


I get advantage because of the gold dress.


It was the best.


Yeah, they're beautiful.


Nein. Miss.


And you were far powerful before the sword. You killed Lord Briarwood without the sword.


The face is in there.


You're good, right, Tary?


He's got great hair.


No, it's a radius. If you move out of it, you're not in it.


Oh. Tackle. I'm probably a guard.


C'mon, c'mon.


Eskil knows stuff like that.


Well, go get the pillow, try again.


We don't have a choice, so yes, yes.


I hadn't thought of that.


I need cover.


You won't die today.


10, 15.


Okay. Once we're at the beach and we have all evening, I'll make another attempt.


We'll sleep. Should we nap?


I'll play a song. (singing) Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight! Tonight!


But it's a melee attack.


I generally don't actually care about the theme of any city that I'm in because I've never bothered to learn. Does any of this look familiar before? Do I recognize any of these people?


And Pike, do you want to step up there?


All right. I take her.


Use your D&D Next to look at the information about that spell.


All right. Stay.


Perhaps there is something else.


I'm going to pull the spool of silver thread and I'll take a length of it out, and I'm going to pull Nott's hair back and do a little ponytail. Simple.


Whoa, cool!


Oh, in the mansion.


And I sneak attack Ermergerd.


What kind of powers? Beyond those of druidic nature?


No, a natural 17 plus six.


Gollum was pretty sad for me, because he's a miserable bastard. Also Angel from Wolverine, the X-Men.


I'm running ten feet ahead of everybody. I rolled a big old one. (laughter)


Oh, I got a natural one. (laughter)


And our adventure was about to begin. End chapter. (all laugh)


And the water drops a foot and a half. (laughter)


Do you know what to do with a knife?


It's lost the magic.


Er mah gerd, I derged. (all laugh)


Protection from Energy is a 3rd-level spell. (musical tone)


Shitty rolls at this table.


That's a natural one-- No, that's a two minus one.


The only reason I remember that is it sounds like merkin.


How do we get there, though? We're so far away. You could bamf us through a tree? There's no trees.


I can cast Daylight on your helmet. On your pot helmet.


Oh, we're going to get to see the real bar.


Thank goodness you are being represented by an Ace Attorney.


Oh, I don't know how to sail, so. That's all.


Say hello to my even littler friend!


Fucking what? You just died, motherfucker!


Are we really fighting this right now?


15. (group laughs)


You cannot blame yourself when you are taken advantage of. You know what I mean?


Can you do the Skype-y things with us next week? Do you know?


That doesn't help! That's almost beside the point!


I had information, and you had to know it. It's important. We found another one. Lionel did. The ziggurat.


Once again, are you afraid they're going to take him while we're asleep? Is this a genuine concern? Is this something we should move on now?


You can make a dance floor next to them.


My shoe!


That thing is trouble, though, that thing is trouble


I thought they wouldn't see me because of the smoke. Oh boy.


You were down there a really long time.


What? Yeah. How are you?


Gern! Before you leave!


Is it snowing-- Is there snow on the ground?


I suppose.


Sure, Vax, what do you say?


A cart of the Sackville-Bagginses just rolled up.


No no, what do you see in the room, Nott?


What? A mace? Yes!


He's like a little voodoo doll of Vax.


Not good. Seven.


Starting here at Geek & Sundry.


Wait, wait, I just wanted to-- oh god.


And we've got the smoking thing, right? What's it called, the censer?


Oh. Well, no one right now.


Oh. Where are they?


What's a firefly?


Surround the tower, climb up each side?


Oh, okay. You're so needlessly scaring me for no reason!


Also, why do these people want the bowl that you're talking about?


No, dude.


Okay. Natural 20. (cheering)


Who can get to the other side? You have Dimension Door. But that's it, right? That's the only person that has that kind of a thing.


This is a terrible plan. I want to go on record for saying I was against this plan--


He hates you, Grog.


Okay, so they both hit.


8 points. How far away am I from Vax?


I give him a big old hug. And I give him...


I gave you some dice. I gave you, I gave you some dice.


And ditch this place?


The entire time, it's a really long panel.


Yeah, it's a dick.


Okay, I throw up a wall of stone. Am I near the Sun Tree again?


Put on the hurt.


Now, by my saying that, do I get into the initiative order, or does my action come out, my decision come out before?


He knows we're here already! He possessed the queen and said, "Welcome, you're my treasured guests." Remember that? He knows exactly where we are!


You don't have to do the accent anymore.


So there was one. So we were trying to get these kids away from us because we don't want to hurt them, but we wanted them away, so I used a Grasping Vine, and I was trying to yank the kid away, but the Grasping Vine attached to the chain instead of the kid, so with the chain at the collar around his neck, when the vine yanked--


But if it gets to that, I can stay and raise her, and you guys can go and take care of the city.


First of the show!


I jumped on to the octopus and it served as some sort of a landing pad. It killed the octopus, but I lived.


We would have been walking for a long time!


Nope. Clanky twins!


I'm going to have to make a little confession. I really haven't been many other places, so I suppose I really don't actually have a great basis of comparison.


Okay. Where's it going to go, I'm going to--


Ha!


I lean back on him and just look up at the roots and say, oh, Pelor! You have something to tell me and I want to hear it! And I'm getting tired of being down here but I swear I'm fine, I'm going to keep concentrating, because I'm committed to you and I'm committed to this Hunt and I'm committed to this title and this city... and your tree, and your leaves, and your trunk, and these roots, and the dirt around me, and all of that. And I'm going to keep thinking.


Thank you. You know, I had a bad day.


Oh, so there are prisoners, right?


It's all I needed.


You're pretty.


Do any of us know what the Stormlord is?


No, no, it was-- it was Philip before, and now it's Grog.


As per uzh.


Are they devas? Celestials? Angels!


Mollymauk, I don't mean to pry into your business, but has this ever happened to you before?


She might be better than both of us combined.


I gather my clothing away from Jester.


Here are some d4s.


Have you had invaders like this before?


He really should have changed his hair, I mean it's pretty hideous.


Oh, yes! I totally remember you, Larkin!


I know. I do, too. Those that want to join, join me at the rail. I'll jump on and sit on the rail.


Get out of here, you two!


You guys are the biggest fucking dicks ever. Great conversations have been had at dawn, I'll have you know. We're not the only one. Treaties have been signed, and-- stuff.


Does that mean you would know anything of the god of secrets: Vecna?


Well, it's short for Beauregard.


Is it Boots of Haste? (yells) Oh my god, this is so crazy, because I was about to learn a spell, for somebody, but these take care of that. These are Boots of Feral Leaping. When you wear these boots you can instill your leaps with incredible bursts of power! As a bonus action you can attempt to leap. Make a strength check with a DC of 16. If you are successful you leap either 15 feet vertically or 20 feet horizontally.


Percy, it's fine. You don't need to.


Do they like painting?


Those gems are going to turn into lead, aren't they?


Come back? Should we do a fly by the window to see what's inside?


Okay. And they're closer to the big tent? Where is the big tent?


Into a lumberjack of a man?


Yeah, there were two trees that were 80 feet? Or 60?


Yeah, we're going to put her in a locked room.


We've tied our ropes together and we're going to go down.


Okay. (galactic music) (alarms blaring)


Back in the dragon again!


I mean, it's my particular--


18 is what hits, y’all!


This is his home.


And humble.


Have you ever been down here?


Yeah but I might make-- I might snap twigs.


Okay, I'm going to stride forward (large footsteps).


"Apparently"


March on Emon? If we gather our forces, Thordak will notice.


She just wants you to know that you're not normal. Should we go off to our adventure now?


And I use my duplicate! I send my duplicate where the boxes are that they are hiding behind and at the same time I use Thaumaturgy to say: (spooky voice) There are ghosts on the ship!


Do you need some healing? Are you okay?


Well, yeah, of course they would.


Okay, six, ten, 14, 16, 19, 23, 24.


But it's here?


Actually, can I do Primeval Awareness and search for dragons to see if Vorugal's even in the area at all?


Garmelie, who do you know that's left these woods?


I can try and tear this whole building down. I still have my elemental shape. I can go earth elemental and start ripping this thing apart.


I don't care about the broom.


Okay. I'm still alive.


You okay? You didn't come to the door. Big fella.


Simon, we barely knew him. Is it warm?


I want to insight check him and see if he's really saying--


30 total.


As part of Control Water, I can reverse the currents.


Near an island of glass?


I take both of my fists up over my head, and I just bring it down.


I walk away. I walk off. I leave the fucking house.


This doesn't seem very good.


You're holding two ladies.


Oh, sorry!


-- can I like double my speed?


It's 1d8 plus your dex--


I can't do it! I can't do it!


T, I think we're all prepared to help you do anything you want to do, but are you sure you want to help perpetuate the family business?


At least I look like a snake person.


How many life sentences are you serving, Caleb?


Did you draw a lot of the fight? I hope you did, because we kicked some ass there.


I need boxes.


That's metal.


Are you breathing well? I give her a--


1d6? Is that this one?


But no one seems to be rushing towards this house?


Stupid innate ability.


That's correct, thank you. Okay. And then I sit.


Tiberius, make with the dwarf-talk, please.


Oh, man, disadvantage. Okay.


I will do a 2nd-level Healing Word, as well. Which is what, 2d4?


Just run up and bumper tap them.


It's a grouping of stars in the sky.


How much, again?


And you don't have to expend spell slots to do the spells.


We're going to hold on to the sides.


It's 3d8 plus ten. Yeah, 22. Fucking kill her! And then I'll actually take a bonus action to do a Healing Word on myself at level one


It's nature. Who has good animal handling?


Dented in.


Hey Clay, how's it going? Long night?


You want to hire them... Oh.


It's because you went so fast through the other area. You have to pace yourself.


The other tree closer to you.


Yeah, that's what we're doing. First hit.


You touch me when you're trying to touch the worm. I don't know how--


"Liam, scoot in. We can't see you."


Yeah, let's all stealth.


Wait, we're going in?


I forgot we had that.


It's a melee attack, it's like--


Wait, is Percy in the water?


Do I get anything? What do I do?


We have to fight them. How is that going to happen?


Yeah, you fire it and it prones somebody.


2d4 plus six is ten. No, 12.


If we are doing this, I feel we should wait until it is late at night, and wait until we see those guards changed, and then wait a little bit further for the old guards to go to sleep. Yeah? So there's a lot of sitting here and not moving. I know we are all very anxious, but we wait, someone comes out, relieves these two, they go to bed, and then we strike all at once. Then we do your plan; it's just delayed, that's all.


All right, thank you, I think that's all I needed from you, okay.


Am I your wife?


Greater Restoration? I can't take my time with it?


I'm not going to go in the entrance, but I'm going to try to climb up and peer over the edge and look as carefully as I can.


Amen. (laughter)


Right here?


I watch the show with the lights on 'cause it creeps me out.


Is it part dragon?


Oh! I didn't even need to inspire.


A bunch of buttons, all the rings, door knob, brass baby bottle, all the ball bearings, and the two bracelets.


They have just teased the first Critical Role Vox Machina portrait of Pickle.


(yawning) 50 gold.


It's suffering, put it down.


Amazing! Oh, sorry, I won't draw attention to it.


It was doing this on Group Hug, man.


Now. (laughs) Now?


Well, I'm floating to my death, so.


Bring it back to Sam.


Well, 18 plus two.


Just feed him, lots of water--


That's what I imagined.


Impressed?


I don't know about you, but I think we got all the answers we needed.


Well, let's go get eyes on them, shall we?


Can you give me two more hours?


(whispers) Ank'harel.


I forget what I do when I crit. I just double it, okay. Oh, that's sad. Six. Bummer. Okay, here we go. Nope. 14 doesn't hit, does it?


I'm going to paint on the floor the teeniest of dicks. Like, this big.


Yeah, I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


Does she have any more of those?


I had a boat--


Yeah, I'll grab some of that, too.


Because of technology, and also the story.


It's a total of 16 fire damage.


Did you say something about a temple, or did I completely misunderstand?


Okay, yeah. So I have Trinket hang out in the alley and stay there and wait for us. Be safe, Trinket! If any danger comes your way, intimidate them and run the other direction. Go home. I love you.


Man, that's so sweet. Ugh. Where are you from?


But he might have, you know, I don't know what kind of army he's going to have up top, so it's up to you.


Wow, that's going to be fun later, but not right now. Okay, do I know? So, let's assess my knowledge real quick. I know about him a little bit. He is one of the thugs that came into the city.


I thought it was three. Five? That's good.


The Things They Tarried.


Many of us--


I was going to put it on that leather.


Ten. 26 again. 26 points of damage. 19. C'mon, 37.


Yeah, and I'm a super cool, awesome, fun guy, but we didn't really leave in the best terms.


Yeah, it's literally been about ten minutes.


No, just like--


Percy, can I try?


Damn it. (laughs)


Trying to catch up.


Same team!


Lyra, do you have any enemies in the guild?


It might be a cannibal tree.


A strength saving throw. Okay. What would that-- What is that? Oh no, okay, I see. 12?


Which direction was the dwarf walking?


25 points of damage.


There'll be a fun playlist next week.


Yeah. It's like the tower bridge.


I craft a brooch. It's not even a brooch, it's a clasp. I had built these pieces of it earlier on in the game. For the last three weeks I've been working on this. I've taken the raven skull that you gave me and made a mold and poured melted silver into a bird skull, a silver bird skull. Taken a ruby and set it behind it, built it into a clasp that does not reflect, and in it, put a sachet of-- satchel...


We already had Kit. We already had an Englishwoman.


That happens all the time.


(singing) And a partridge in a pear tree.


Yeah, and then Keyleth, can you make a wall of stone once you've let down the water?


Pike? Grog? Did you put your earrings back on?


Sometimes I expect things to show up and then they don't. It can be very disappointing, but it's all right. I'm sure it'll show up.


Why did he send us three?


Do I need some eye drops?


So it doesn't do anything. So then I'll scan through the stuff, looking for magical dope items--


I'd like that.


But I have two more actions.


It won't matter.


Do you have one?


Can I remove the piece?


It's dangerous to keep a race car at a red, I'm just saying, I'm a race car at a fucking red. Pulp Fiction!


You're running at them.


Algar Dyomin.


I just would hate for it to open up. I'm just gonna-- do you mind? If I just--


13. No 12, for one attack. And then-- What did I just do? I did it wrong. That was wrong.


You know, I never thought about having poor timing with these gate stones. I'm so sorry!


Does the floor seem rounded, too?


Us not getting charged for murder was the reward.


There shouldn't be a glass piece-- aw, man.


I'll kill him! Not Nott.


I am going to scout up ahead and see if I recognize them.


Yes, I can dig a trench pretty quickly, honestly, if we want to go the trench route? Is that we were thinking?


Is that a good thing, ten-ten at halftime?


All my spell slots. Okay. I run back downstairs.


I'm a little worried that once we walk outside, Pike becomes dumb again.


It's like a mole, right?


How long would the hike up the mountain be? An hour?


Oh, it echoes in here.


That wasn't the kind of ship I was hoping to get. (laughter)


That should come from you.


Down the hallway to the right. Left. Direction.


Gilmore's.


Car. Kerr.


I'm the worst. 13.


4d4 plus four. Where are my d4s at? I'll just do this four times. 13 points up, so that's a little bit better. All right, I'm going to take shot number one. I'm going to do a called shot to the face. I'm going to hit his other eye. Come on. Natural 20.


(gasps) And you did that with blood on your hands! Terrible.


Yeah, it wouldn't matter where we stood.


Oh, that's good. Useful. That could be useful if something was attacking and they wouldn't attack fish.


Yeah. Is it safe?


That took a lot out of you.


Oh, really? Yeah, same place.


Roll high. Roll really high.


Is it piercing?


We'll figure it out at GenCon. We'll figure it out in Indianapolis.


This is one of those moments. I'm going to hold my action until I am within melee of, or fucking closer to--


I think until Scanlan goes.


This is true. We have the Herd, we can go get the werewolves.


I feel like if it was one of the accepted gods of The Empire, you wouldn't have to hide out in the woods. I'm kind of into this idea.


Uh, from Lord Greyspine himself.


I'm still naked.


It's arcane fire. What do you want from me?


St. Nicholas.


He really is a really fast walker.


Yeah, you are. You've done really well.


I know, some beautiful song for us! Wait, what for all of us? We all get a d8?


Percy, when I tried to touch that thing it was like it was sucking me in. I don't think that thing and me touched. How are we going to turn it into a projectile?


Wait, can I take a closer look at it and see if I can, I don't know, identify it somehow?


But I drank that Fox's Cunning.


Which is great! 11.


I like walk by the door and see that happening (laughter)


Okay. Maybe we should get it ready.


And your business mainly deals in--


Yeah, we've got to get out of this mansion.


Good. Just let me know if you need me.


Where's Vax?


Wait, Ashley. I can't hear her. What did she say?


Crystal what?


That's not nice.


I thought you were about to shake his hand with two fingers.


That's with our surprise round? You said we have a surprise round.


All right. I slowly walk away.


What do we want this guy to look like?


If we want to be really careful, there are other places to stay.


A natural sound.


Oh, sure sure. 26.


Yeah. So 12.


Who, Fjord?! He hasn't done anything to us!


Say Trinket, say Trinket


They're trying to copy your work.


The last ten minutes have been like, "Don't cast it. Just wait. Just wait. Just wait. Okay."


Yes. Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Can I throw Vax something real quick? Can I toss him something?


We made cheese of him.


I'm going to run over to Shakäste and while I'm running, I'm going to use my bonus action to down a potion of healing, which is-- let's see if I'm doing this right. That's seven hit points that I regain. I should mark that as used. Then once I'm there, I have to use an action to feed him a potion, correct?


You guys are lost forever in the sewers.


As we walk there, I, to the rest of these four, three, say-- no! You're not there. To these two, say, all right, guys. Real talk. What are we going to do with Kiri?


Okay! 19.


Shall we depart?


I will go.


It's amazing. I may or may not... have sung that at home.


Hang on, wait, before you move it, before you move it, put it back, put it back, put it back. Okay, I want to write it down.


Look how much red is all over you!


(laughs) This is so stupid!


I can Plane Shift us if things get really bad, but I kind of think we're already on our plane.


What are you going to do while we're not in here?


I'm still holding it. Tell me about it.


No, it's me. I get to go first. Can I pop around the corner?


But if we give the, "We're stage whispering!"


Did you use all your slots?


And this is why you buy the lavender oil.


You did it so much cooler than me! (laughter)


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother, and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother, Vax'ildan, quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. Through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear-- her own stolen Trinket-- to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable, and gives expert massages. Like so many half-elves--


All right, I'm gonna go ahead and-- are there any other rooms, or is this it?


I was about to ask if I recognize any wine.


I have had nothing I could do this round.


Ah! Y'all have Benadryl?


Pocket unicorns?


The Marquis, the...


That's amazing. I would ask about how you discovered that, because that would not be something that I would ever just do, just to just see. But we'll leave that for another day.


Insight check, okay, that's 22.


Lord of the Quadroads now owes you a favor.


And that's my action, right?


I did okay.


Yup. Nostrils are burned right the fuck out.


-- giant shitty rooster.


While Ryan's getting you guys' gifts ready, I wanted to do a really quick announcement for tomorrow's show. Tomorrow we are having a new show pilot kind of idea premiere, with Hector doing HeroClix with Alison Haislip tomorrow, it's gonna be a lot of fun.


Younger!


Much like you, they're a bit disappointing.


I don't want to Moses this, I want to give us a little bubble that we stealthily walk under the river with the little bubble.


On the shiny die.


I have; I can't wait to shoot.


(laughs) This is a great confrontation!


And that's all I'll do.


Do you want to look at the dodecahedron first?


We did it.


Yeah, I'm just going to take the other chunk and punch it.


We're sporking.


Can I have a pointer? Well, I'll just come over. Right here.


I go up to Percy.


Yeah. Then I'm going to take the dodge action.


Are there soldiers coming?


Okay, with my flaming sphere hovering above me, I'm going to throw up a wall of stone.


Where am I, am I near her, on the ground?


And that's a strength saving throw.


That's just the rule, that's just what it says.


It's still in effect!


Yeah. I'm going to cast Witch Bolt at it.


Just tell us what the two things are we that we need to steal.


A six and-- oh, no advantage? I'll take that six with my add perception of three, so nine.


We want to hit it at two or three in the morning.


I, sensing my biff, casually I turn to Ipess and say: Hey man, great work down there. How great was that?


It's a two!


At some point I'm going to have to-- I've never fixed the fact that I'm a cantrip down, which I will have to fix at some point because this is--


What kind of creatures can you make?


Wait no, we saw the direction it went in, right?


We couldn't, like, earthquake the tower to the ground. Could we?


Sure. Here you go, Jorge. Here's one platinum.


That could be good stuff.


Caleb, did you Identify it before it went into him? What was it?


Can I just grab her as an earth elemental. Just like (mumbles with a deep voice).


Can I hold my turn to cast Vow of Enmity until I can see again?


Whoa, what's that say?


And I put the serpent circlet on.


Not bad! Eight, five is 13. Another seven is 20. Ones, not for sword damage. 22 and another six, 28!


I'll join. We'll just go over and scare the shit out of him.


(intense timer countdown song)


I thought we were going to take the sewer to get in there.


Stay right there, Estelle. She doesn't move quickly, but she moves effectively.


No, but a 21 will do it.


Well, you are all kinds of fucked up all the time, and that's why we love you. We're all all kinds of fucked up, and that's why we all are together.


Taking another shot. Rolling like shit. That's better. 20.


Eh. We've got time.


Do you want to keep your duplicate in front of us, or is it gone?


Give it to me, give it to me, I called it as well! Dad, make us roll for it.


Volcanic earth elementals.


Thank you guys so much!


I look at Nott. (whispering) You. Me. Flank. Let's go.


There's hundreds of them, Grog.


Can I be Terence Stamp?


Yes, yes, go.


Who just vanished?


I'm not a praying man. Bless my gauntlet. Anything happen?


And I killed an orc--


I was considering going out there, but I'm not going to do it. I'm going to bend around the side and fire off another Fire Bolt at it. At Charlie. That is a 12 to hit.


Do the middle one.


Feywild.


I'm drunk. Don't get used to it.


Four to damage?! Why four?


So if we feel like we want to get into a scrap, I or probably our new friend here could kick it off from a ways away.


I'll make you a grappling-- I didn't follow that though. I'll make you a grappling arrow.


The big one is releasing the Elder Brain. We need to do that before we teleport.


Peacock a little more for us, please.


I rolled an 18 for Trinket.


The rod supports 8,000 pounds of pressure.


I'm just giving him CPR. (laughter)


What's goatball?


We are still safe in here. Yeah, I think so.


Fucking imps!


She is not a child!


Added to my ten, that seems like a lot.


What do you want to do?


Yeah. Is there one right next to me right now?


What? Everybody needs a nap.


I did. He's starting to do stuff down there.


But what if they leave while we sleep?


No, she owns the business so you don't have to do as much.


Well, I know you're taken, and, you know.


I walk next to him and sort of distract him with a little soft shoe tap.


Oh, I love her!


I'd like to ring her bell.


That's what I'm talking about.


Yeah. So I'm glad we split them up. Getting Grog out.


That sounds cool!


That's one of our one-shots!


Perception's 20.


Next round I can get close.


But he is not engaged, is he?


I'm going to do a little bit of a gamble here. I peek out again and I drop Haste on Beauregard and smear molasses across my hand and cast Slow on the hydra and his little snakey friend.


Yeah. It's a front-bottom.


I've already gone. I'm having breakfast. I'm leaving a note with the barkeep for Yasha if she comes back.


I paid all of my money for this, and it was so much more than that.


Reckless, great weapon master.


Are you in a rush?


We gave him saline.


All right, meteorite die. No good. First one's no good, second dagger. That's good, and that's also good, identical, so that is a 26.


I'm gonna hold.


I don't know, they've all been betraying me! Don't you. Oh, that's good! 24.


(whispering) Get on that. (laughter)


Sure. I could be wrong.


I'm going to walk through and find that trapdoor that I've already seen through Frumpkin's eyes.


Keep up near the thing. Everybody get close to the censer.


I must request that I sign the contract. I can't let you do this, Percy.


But I just wanted to clear the air a bit. You know, a short while ago, I proposed marriage. I've been thinking about it a lot -


It increases your wisdom. You get advantage on wisdom.


There are people for that.


With how much time?


Ooh, yeah, yeah, he was under their control, I think.


That's the first Briarwood damage.


She's the brains of the group.


Yeah, what?


Twin farts.


Oh, wait, I knock on Jester and Beauregard's door.


Hey, get your own papaya.


Yeah, it's the Luck feat all over again!


That is a 28.


What the fuck is happening? I step away for five seconds and everybody's at war.


I'm going to drink heavily.


Well done Nott, well done.


Our holiday episode.


It is a charisma saving throw.


What's the next thing?


Yes. Good day, madam.


So just same thing, I'm just going to (sucking sound) try and suck the life out of this guy.


-- I'm useless!


This is from Team Wishlist. Thank you so much!


Oh, but I'm going to use the sharpshooter thing.


What do the ducks say?


Yes, we're looking to buy a few things, and we were wondering-- actually, I used to do business with Simon. Is Simon around?


But also, we did not get the full catch-up, Fjord. What about the remnants of-- I know everything is verkakte. The High-Richter is dead, that's half the job done in a way we did not predict, but what about Lord Sutan? Did you talk to Dolan? And are they going to get the Crownsguard in there?


I'm not really into smut. That's a bit of a ruse.


Well, he's, well, as far as health goes--


Yes. But there's also-- yeah.


I have Dispel Magic, but--


Perhaps we should go upstairs--


Can I tell you something really quick? I am super impressed with you. That was very kind. That's it. Get ready.


See who's there.


We may have a split second to-- you want to try to get these people out immediately, that's what you're saying?


No! No, no, no. Get us out. Get us out.


Third watch is going to be either Yasha and Nott, or Yasha and Beau.


D&D Beyond, everybody, they're a great organization. Here's the truth of the matter. I wrote a piece tonight that featured heavily Laura Bailey, but she's not here. We even had music for it. Guys, hit that music. [epic music]


Can I insight check her and see if she seems to be truthful?


Caleb, do you want to split that cloak with me, maybe?


Ooh, yeah, let's do that one because it's close to the bathhouse.


Peanut butter.


We saw them.


I'm sorry, I'm so rude. I'm Pike!


And then I'm going to chuck a goddamn Vestige at this motherfucker.


Everything?


We did bad.


If he dies, we can get the money back.


Well no. He didn't take it. More than 30 feet away from me, right? He's more than 30 feet away from me.


Is there any word from the south? We happen to be heading that way.


Just so you know.


Give me them bracers!


But they're just now rolling.


I use the other hand and I tweak his nose as hard as I can.


Probably like a cow, or a deer, or an owlbear or something.


Forgot the ears.


That's a cool title.


Hi, darling. I don't know why he didn't hear you. You used to be so good at that. Is the mirror leaning or is it on the wall?


You got it. Natural 20. (laughter)


We could be the Baumbauchs.


With the trapdoor.


Oh, one more question before you leave, what district are we in right now?


I'm used to it, it's fine.


Well, Ioun did not talk about a talking sword, for one.


Tunnels that go deeper!


Anyway, we should get some sleep. It's a big day tomorrow.


On his dick, obviously. (laughter)


You can't study and watch.


I said I'll fight him.


I know, weird, right? Really weird.


Awesome possum.


Listen, Vax doesn't fly that way, I don't think. I know you've been eyeing him pretty good.


That acid's gotta be-- burn through that at some point. Is that a continuing--


I've got a vial.


Because she fought well! She fought a giant fucking scorpion in the courtyard. What are we doing today?


Once I hit zero, I go back to whatever hit points I had. I can act like a tank. Which is what I'm doing.


It was actually rather pleasant, I have to admit it. You have very soft hands.


Madness!


(singing) Like a genie in a bottle. Got to rub me the right way.


No treats or anything?


Ooh! Is that a band of evildoers, is that a roving goliath horde?


You are so hidden right now. I can barely even see you. So hidden.


I did a very good job with merchandise.


How do we do this, Keyleth? And more importantly, how do we do it so that the bear doesn't come with us?


This is Whisper. I'm using Whisper. I'm going to cast Divine Smite on the attack, as well.


I take the mask, and like Jim Carrey in The Mask, I stick it to my face and (yells).


Should we go?


54?


Yeah, so that he doesn't see it coming.


Caduce Wayne!


Oh, I am a funny guy.


And the pools are naturally poisonous?


Oh no, don't you dare.


(loud belch) The male raider.


Okay. I forgot that part. Know your rules, kids.


We can save it for later.


Can I aim right above the gauntlet below the elbow on his left arm? Swing to his side with the axe.


Are we to turn into Jack the Ripper because of it?


I mean, is it similar to the City of Brass? It sounds so similar.


Here, give it to me and I'll go in as an elemental.


What do the faces of the people who aren't talking look like?


Just don't go running off into the dark again.


(no audio)


It's my mom.


You're really smart. You would think to do that.


Should we-- there's a tunnel to the left and there's a tunnel to the right.


Great, okay. 29.


Those aren't invented.


(singing) It can only be better.


So I can still cast spells. But if I move into his gaze, I cannot.


Fey.


He can't smell it, Scanlan.


These papers? Oh, that's a spider.


And, as usual, light some sage.


You're going to roll a 20 and decapitate him.


(laughs) I don't know if I'm cut out to be a hero.


Like that little hobbit.


What were you hoping to unload for it?


Don't cut his hand, just take the bracelet!


Yeah, it's a delicacy.


You're Scanlan Shorthalt.


You still have movement, too.


Are we friends again?


It's not that bad. That's a 20.


I use Mask of Many Faces to make myself look like Captain Jawgrasp. You, lower the flag and-- hmm. Fuck, I don't know. Jesus Christ.


So, that's 23 with three points of necrotic damage.


It's been going around.


Someone let two giant dogs loose in our room, and they destroyed our things. Just destroyed it. And now, on top of having everything ruined, we're probably going to have to pay for damages. Which will be coming out of your funds, by the way.


You might have seen a corpse in the water, floating.


Okay, we'll just shut it and hope they don't notice that we came up here. Let's go.


What, the sheets?


Well, personally I'm a fan of freedom of religion, but that's got its limits.


Yeah. I don't--


Is that a problem?


I've never been. That sounds great!


30 rolls.


Just a ten.


I didn't see that.


Waiting to dive after Velora. Didn't have anything ready.


Not that I want to be a-- what's the word-- "shysta"?


Okay, so. When we beat Thordak, I was rummaging around and all of Emon's treasures were in this one place and everybody was like, "Meh, we want to heal," and I found these little gifts, and one of them was this little itty-bitty deck of cards.


They're grrreat!


You said up to six people? I'll take that.


And why do you think that would be any different than our dating strategy?


Not even worth mentioning at all.


Do you have a situation?


How many beds do you have on that ship?


You are the most powerful person at this table.


I perform very well. (singing) Too many cooks!


I'm going to leave it in the kitchen.


Wow. Dungeons?


I got inspiration! 21!


Wait, you're looking down at the ziggurat?


Come on, kill him before he gets to me.


We do have a spider body to pick.


Those two just saw their worst fears.


That would be inhumane, wouldn't it?


I want to get on my broom and fly up in the air and see if I can see her from the air.


Cassandra's right there.


I don't think I-- do you think with the capsule or without. I don't want to--


That's a ten?


Sit down with me. I rifle through the pages to the right one for Identify and the sword is down. Okay, I'm going to use this one. You can see-- and I start showing the different glyphs and I start the ritual.


Give it time, give it time.


I haven't gotten to do much today. And you won't, either.


Love you so much.


(imitating Oprah) You take 18 points of lightning damage!


No, I can go. Yeah, no. It's been eight hours, I've done my thing?


Acrobatics check? 12.


I'd keep the ship out of there just in case the Zello, the Jello.


And believe me when I tell you he usually kills everybody. He doesn't give that offer very often. (all laugh)


(whale noises)


We could put him in a suit of armor.


Better constitution than Vax, though.


Great. Good. I mean, let's kill this guy. I love you, rakshasa! Okay, so that first one hit for eight. The second one is a natural 20. (carving noises) You're already cut up. You don't even know.


The whisper campaign succeeded!


No! 31.


Yeah, we'll drag it out of the doorway so we can kill it!


It's in there somewhere.


Let's do it. We're going.


I walk up and stand right next to him.


They do. They were unaware that she was a dragon.


Ja, okay. Ooh, ten.


I've still got a few minutes of Detect Magic, so if anything--


On a side note, I have an earring as well and I heard everyone go down into the hot springs so I went back to the kitchen and got some of that chicken sorbet that they make here.


Squeeze it together. Press the little button.


I'm going to stop, I'm going to wave, and I'm going to go walk over and start looking to see if I can see what that glow is. I'm going to deactivate this, because I want to loot this ship.


We're slightly aware.


It was timed.


Nothing. The power's out at my house! Just distracted because I just came from my house, and the power was out, that's all. I'm worried about my kids. Are they going to have their little fans on tonight to keep them cool? Are they going to light candles in their room? I don't know!


Throw fire, a fireball at them.


(gasps) What colors?


He doesn't know.


Oh, your way was way more cool. (whistling) (knocking)


Let's go find the kids and see if we can make them feel better.


Right, what's your plan? You expect us to come up with a plan to explain why your gloves are connected to that temple, and you're going to get what? A Mighty Morphin Power Ranger bonus for doing so?


Is she picking your nose?


Wait, we're in the Mansion right now?


That's why I'm not talking about fighting, I'm talking about collapsing buildings!


Wait, the Crownsguard? Really?


Eggs, baked beans--


Oh shit! Okay, no. Nothing. I had resistance to something and I forgot to use it. (all laugh)


You're so stupid, Rose.


I'm going to use Cutting Words on that one.


We should head back. Apparently, any help I thought we'd find here is obviously gone.


(singsong) It's a trap.


Oh, yeah. What's up?


Outside of the city.


I see this going on, and I stand up on something, and I yell to the students--


Thank you. Let's go. We've got to get through this druidy thing, right?


We're sadly very protective of our copyrights, and my designs are not for reproduction. Attempts at reproducing them tend to end poorly. Many have tried; most have failed. If you wanted, perhaps, a few designed, that could have been a conversation, but so far, I'm not impressed by you.


Can we call this the Jenga stone? In moments of need.


I let her have any whiskey she wants. Oh, that's pretty good. 17.


I think I like your idea, but I worry that we're upping the odds of-- Listen, we just found out that she's alive, or something. She's going to unleash some sort of fresh hell somewhere. We're upping the odds of it happening under your living room.


27, combined.


Are the two of you going to try and drag? Or do you want to try and attack and Yasha and I can drag?


Good to see you.


He talks. He will talk to you out of the fucking blue.


Yeah, he was telling the truth.


Okay, I take out my little piece of wire and I whisper the incantation and do the motions. Hey, Fjord, Jester wants to know: Did we look cool? You can respond to this message. (laughter)


(spitting) Pah. Pah!


15 on the other guy for me.


Through the tree.


(heavy footsteps, splash)


He wants to be like you.


Point of order  there's also a hut, now, as part of the nightly routine.


We move towards the dusk.


Wait, where're we going?


Because for us, Gilmore is real, and Pike is real, which is why we all fucking cried our eyes out when Pike died.


Is this part of the show by the way? I was just curious.


Because I'm invisible in the thing with Lady Kima, I get up on a stool to see if I can catch some cleavage. (laughter)


Not on it, but against it, attacking it. Melee attack.


Oh god, it's going to talk to me, isn't it?


And I cast my Skywrite spell-- ew, I just spit-- and I use the smoke in the distance and as it's rising up into the sky, start drawing out the de Rolo family crest in the smoke.


No! I'm going to shoot the dude, the red guy. I'm going to shoot him-- Yeah, I'm going to shoot him.


I've known that I've had it, and I've talked to him about it. No one's ever asked about it, you've never asked about it.


I love it. Honestly, this is the best color. It's so cool. It's kinda like rose gold, therefore it's the best. (laughter)


Do you need a light?


I pick him up, I put him over my shoulder and we start to walk out of the hall.


We'll heal it so good!


Bo staff?


We still got that little one. Socrates asked what was a favorite moment before we started streaming the show? Our first game was pretty amazing.


Nothing?


I didn't suck it up this game.


That's true.


We have that yellow goop, and that would definitely help.


I should have bailed out as a bird.


I'm going to spend a ki point--


The most useless giant.


Yes, but he's named after beer. (laughter)


JB? Do you-- I don't know how--


Could have had a d8.


I don't need to check my smell bag for this.


Back door?


It's helping us with our nerves.


Yeah, you're one of us now. And aren't we great?


The dodecahedron.


No guards, nobody watching?


Aw, we were the happy table. (laughter)


Whatever your name is.


Would I be able to hide behind that?


I was like ten feet around the corner.


Smash hands.


Two, in quick succession. 20.


I mutter a few words and my form starts to blink in and out of view. There is another Caleb next to me and another Caleb next to me. Shifting, blinking, flashing back and forth and it's hard to see where I am.


Wait, which sword, what do you mean "sword"?!


Wait. Don’t pass it out out here.


I want to--


No. You cannot argue with someone who talks to a smell bag.


Hello! Hi!


Plus they may be able to enchant your crown so it has some, you know, special mind-control fighting abilities.


(gasps) Oh, no way.


Plus the rock.


Some of that is...


Or maybe it's the ball thing, the dodeca. Maybe it brings us all together. Maybe it's special in some way?


(whispers) What? You're just really--


And I turn Grog into a gorilla.


You're super gross.


Matt, this is so cool, but terrible.


The guy on the roof can see me as well?


I told you it's a city of industry.


Just like a Zemnian.


Okay, we'll do that. Try and shove as much as we can. (squishing)


Hop.


16 for the first. 14 for the second. And then my second attack, I want to shoot through my Blazing Bowstring at it.


But I'm staying at the Pillow Trove tonight.


If you're curious, she's still alive.


Where do you want to go?


Okay, all right, let's clean you up.


Well, you said all girls like flowers.


I look back at him and I light up my fingers and I give him the flaming finger guns. Super douchey.


Fucking Wheaton!


Aw, look, they're doing it together.


Just start wandering. Yeah.


I'll be back. I'm just going to have a conversation. We have gotten out of prisons before, you and I. I'm not worried about that.


Oh shit, say that again?


I'm like 5'11".


The bottom of the crevasse, right?


Let's see, movement is 30. How far could I have gotten with just movement?


Yeah, like Vax, near the end.


Oh, I do ease people's minds.


But she's really strong now, with the Guiding Bolt. Yeah!


But remember that you can hear through the bubble, remember still, though. Okay. So we can't talk bad about them, though.


No, divine sense. Use this feature a number of times equal to one plus your charisma modifier.


Yeah, I can train him to fly and come back to me, and be cool.


What if you turn into something big enough that it can carry me, I hop on your back and we throw something at it? And then fly away. (all laugh)


Should we have Doty look at it? We wouldn't be able to tell.


Are you doing what I did?


We're fighting walls! First doors, now walls!


We should have somebody keeping an eye behind. Did you notice the snake people came up behind the lizard people?


#BrianFosterSmellsLikeCabbage. (all laugh)


If anything bad should happen, if there's any need of quick retreat or quick communication, this is a one-way trip to us. And in return, this is a one-way trip for us to you, in case of emergency.


You can do it, Yasha!


Okay, I'll lean out from behind Mollymauk's buttocks and rest the hand crossbow on his left cheek and fire--


Motherfucking pirates


Do they even know who the Plank King is?


I take the branches and I try to lay them down over the vines a little bit and give a little less thorny of a ramp.


And I'm-- healing potion. I've got a minor.


Been a lot of places in Dwendalian, but not that far.


Please do, actually. Google avarice.


So, if you get 20 subs before we go offline we will ship this wherever you are in the world. So, let's throw the dropcam up!


As he does this, I'm going to pull out my Ioun stone from my pouch, and let it-- (whirling SFX)


All right, so this is the second attack. That is a 17.


I could be many people, it could all f-- Silence! (laughter)


We're jumping in.


What are the Eisners? Who was Eisner? And--


They're not people.


Will that show?


I'm attempting to tap them to get them to think that there's something happening where the worms are to get them to attack.


Perhaps it was. Do you know what will happen, if we--?


Get him.


He's full of shit. He totally said that you were never coming back. I knew.


Wow, so generous, Caleb. Thank you.


I'll take that hit point. Okay. I don't even know what that means.


They can. Okay.


Okay! I'm going to take a couple shots, see what happens. I'm going to do a Sharpshooter shot.


Both of us?


Yeah, I want him to go to sleep in the sand.


Can we see to the bottom? Is it that clear?


I agree, I think we should-- I agree with that, I just think we should check the rest of the floor as well. Just double-check everything, make sure we didn't miss the--


Get it, girl!


Fourteen.


Do things shut down in an hour here?


So let's head to the temple. Right? Yes?


He rolled this die. It's sacred.


We could also Tree Stride to Vasselheim for the fanciest of shopping. If you want to go all-out.


He has to roll a dexterity save above 15.


However, him plus a bunch of other people could probably hold the dragon.


You're our out. We leave all of this behind once all that's taken care of.


You're staying?!


Maybe we should go in and check on it.


The Doty 6 is going to have a much better camera. It's going to have better voice recognition. You're really going to be happy with it.


Fair enough. So I'll head out the front.


No. I don't know what they are.


Do you have any more pocket bacon? Are you hungry?


Ice cream and peanut butter mixed on a cold stone.


Me? Okay.


Keyleth, we have to fight eventually. We're not trying to be cocky about it; we're trying to set up an army!


We got the money back!


Well, can we teach them to be friends?


They all hit? Good. Ten plus seven is 17. 27 total.


Predictably, I would like, as I follow this group around, to keep one eye open for a bookstore.


Yeah, it was super freaky, actually.


I think that’s what it is!


Not meat. But I am going to try some mead.


Mmhmm.


The circus and the fucking--


Sounds lovely.


That was a very aggressive roll. Athletics or acrobatics?


Do you build the machines down there?


Call her little elf girl, and you can call me little elf boy. Could we meet your boss?


Grog is a tank.


Is he nice?


Well, it's fine. We did. We totally did.


No, I put the golden snitch away for the evening.


Should I cast Pass without a Trace on us and be stealthier?


Oh, roll to see--


And used in rituals?


Oh, that was good.


Don't panic about it, it's going to be fine.


I use Bigby's Hand to stop the hammer.


I can try to pick it. I can try.


Yeah, I've been forgetting the fucking--


Good to join us, Grog.


Front butt?! You just saw that, too?! (laughter)


No, it looked like a person, you guys!


Just say, go up there and if there's anything living up there, throw it off.


How far are they from here?


I slap down the silver for it.


Saying nasty, nasty, nasty things at the Herd.


Travis, everybody's asking about your shirt.


I'm going to say  Look, me and this guy have been trying to be better about not hurting people. You know, we're trying to watch out for one another. The truth is, we want to talk to you. We're going to get answers from you. It's your choice if it's going to take us beating them out of you, or if you just want to give them to us. So I'm not going to hit you. Just know, if I feel like you're lying to me, I'll punch the living shit out of you, and then you're going to tell me what I wanted to know anyway. Understood?


Ah. You fools!


Where's Erwen?


Is yours not good?


You don't think we need any more help?


You sent her behind enemy lines?


Why are you looking at me like that?! Don't look at me like that!


Advantage, 18.


No, no, no, grab me and let's go.


How many points down are you right now?


We spent a whole day in that park.


Buy my book! (all laugh)


Interesting, Keyleth.


Wait! Was I supposed to turn into a flying creature? And be safe from this?


I'm going to spend a ki point again and do flurry of blows.


Like it matters.


We do need time to rest and plan.


Don't kill her. I need her.


It's like an improv show. "Salty McFucknuts!" (laughter)


Can we ask them where they are?


I'm going to move up my speed pretty far, because I think I have to be within 20 feet for these darts.


Von Brandt for me, please.


Did they vote on this?


Okay. 16 plus six is 22.


It's ironic. It's not what we want.


It's a 1d8 radiant damage.


Three is a small group.


Is he the redhead there?


I don't want to do anything. I want you to win this in a game of cards. But I'll be a plan B. They're not going to see me.


Hurrying.


Are you available next week?


We do have one passage secured with Captain Adella. We could just tell Edér-- what's his name? Algar. That's Pillars of Eternity. We could just tell Algar: You have a new plot in life now and it's going to be to help Captain Adella.


Let me figure that out. Who's got a Player's Handbook in the house?


I honestly don't think they're going to find him, anyway.


You swallowed that last part. What did you say?


Yeah, all right. And I'll throw some kibble all over the place and be like, go on, just chew everything up and make a mess and pee wherever you want.


I thought Trinket stayed behind. Cool, cool!


Is it steam-powered? Or is it--


I don't know what you just said, but I am interested in books. Particularly in the arcane realm, but any kind of book. Do you have anything that you just outright know is out of the ordinary?


Where did Erwen put it?


She really did.


Oh, investigation for it, yeah.


Well yeah, we'll have to be sneaky about it, but we'll spread the rumors around. I look at Jordana. Joanna?


What were you doing before you were working for her?


I'll go behind Nott.


Do we know what would hit?


Oh yeah! Can I go check on Professor Thaddeus?


That's direct.


You've got the broom.


Okay. I'm going to shoot an arrow at him. Hail of Thorns as a level three. That is, doesn't hit. That's a 14.


I do a little entangling underneath of him and start checking his pockets, TSA style. Start giving him the frisk.


Look, there's the broken floor!


Not a drop.


I was trying to leave an impression. No pun intended.


We run through it.


Yes, and there was some really dark people there, and they had harvested--


I feel really-- can you--


It's the centerpiece of our attack plan. Is that enough--


I know all this. She told me two hours ago.


While they check the room, I'm going to go all over the altar and see if there's anything, any hidden door, any trapdoor, anything like that.


You used it before.


Gilmore!


I keep forgetting the rogue skill, so really I rolled a 20.


I'd like to send the bird, mentally, the picture of what that bird's eye view would be and to see if the bird has seen that.


Your finest, oldest wine, I guess?


Two daggers.


What's half of that?


Well, good. He has a purpose.


Hi. I'm back there. Come join me.


Really? You're going to kill him with hugs. This is the most Keyleth thing I've ever heard.


Don't let him get the gauntlets, Percy!


I sort of kind of, this is the worst... took something that wasn't mine? In a way. I mean, I was holding on to it, and then I slipped, and it fell into the Bag of Holding.


I think he's about to.


Wait, is she still a thing? She's going to come back?


Can he target me? And would it work for my saving throws?


I take a healing potion, and I hand it to Jester.


That's obscene.


Proof of-- okay.


All right. I feel like there's some sort of spell I could use. All right, let's just do it your way.


Just because I think it's funny-- Grog is flying over too, right?


So you're saying steal from grumpy people?


12, 13.


Thankfully, it doesn't burn that gun. No, that gun is better built. I'm rolling really poorly.


Yep. Pretty much.


I rolled-- what do we add to it?


I take a shot. I shoot it!


Shitballs. Okay, then I'm-- I have regular arrows. I'm going to use Bloodseeking Bow, then.


Fighter?


That's what it's called, right? And wait?


How about this? I use one of my exploding arrows you gave me.


Just today. Father kidnapped me and brought me home.


No, I'm trying to detach it if I can. No trace.


Ja, I can, but I poof into Frumpkin's senses. Do I hear anything besides Phil and Mystery Man?


That's a 17 on investigation.


You know, that's a good point.


Well, only some of us can read, no offense.


Because it's a level fucking four.


Okay. Yeah, I would like to move towards Percy.


I have to go to Vasselheim now, and I will go on my own if I have to.


Yes, no, this is definitely for me.


Everyone's doing Fonzie!


No. Doesn't work. That's terrible. I won't even bother.


Okay. I will inspire Vax with my inspiration. And I will say: This is ground control to Major Vax, you've really made the blade. And the papers want to know whose blood you spilled!


(slow-mo) hate-- you-- (laughter)


I like Jamedi; I thought he was nice.


Ay!


That's why we have that fabulous crystal.


Not anything crazy?


And you can get a hunter shark--


I think he should just--


(whispers) Oh no.


We are not going to scatter and spread. We're going to stay together no matter what.


And that's a 12.


Melt their body into their face and make triangles out of the metal.


Oh, hours. That is a good point, although I have a decent supply of honeycomb. We could knead it up and make earplugs for ourselves.


Gifts. Gifts for your friends and family. Your pets.


But not as rough as Stitch over there, huh?


Yeah, where are you guys--


Okay (nervous laugh) someone do math. 15, 20, 21, 25, 30, (clears throat), 44.


Just in case.


It is what it is.


Hey. It'll happen.


Interesting. Now I want to try it on some inorganic matter.


Wyrmwood with a 'y'.


Party on, Wode.


I'm going to let you know. Tell them I'm hiding at the bar and I'll meet them there when it's time.


But we're not all going for reconnaissance, are we?


Look at Mercer's face.


You can heal yourself if you're down.


I'm so excited to be here!


DM? I rolled a natural 20. I have advantage on stealth checks, and I rolled an 18 and a 20. Natural 20.


We can put it in the pink bag.


I should've just shaken that instead of just--


If I don't let you in?


And show yourself out, Demistrik. I don't need you here, 19 years of you is more than enough.


All right, yeah, I'll do like 20 feet, not my full 30 but enough to where people-- no, fuck it, I'll do 30 feet.


Ah yes!


Uncle Randy?


I'm going to wait until everyone gets out.


No splash, no splash! Ten points!


Yeah, let's go there.


Yeah I'll do the reading for Percy until he gets his glasses back.


I'm getting pretty sick and tired of being called tiny. Listen, I don't want to--


Actually, for a small-- never mind.


Have you heard of the Plate of the Dawnmartyr?


Don't fuck this up, Fjord.


Oh, she's rage-clearing!


You might be cool, but we're fucked.


Mythcarver is a 1d8 and a 1d6 plus three.


I can't do anything, I'm behind all those fucking people. Well, if we're fighting then, I can't do much. I will just-- I will blind him this time.


You hit something. Well done.


That sounds awesome.


Thank you so much.


And my feet.


You can try!


We can interrogate him, though. Get crucial information. He's an officer.


Or some call them card games. (sighs and laughter)


I'm loving this.


I mean, to be fair, we know how to get here through the sewers now, we can always come back.


Is it like a chair?


If we frame this the right way, it sure would do a lot for your ambitions to become that High-Richter, Dolan, if you were the ones to turn in the evidence.


For Grog.


Yeah, that's done.


Skip off the ground?!


