Oh, it gave you acid reflux?


Actual enemy from the game.


It was a funny moment in time when you met us, Taryon.


I don't need that ride.


You're welcome. (laughter)


Never trust a man who sells property.


We're staying put.


What?! That's going to take so long!


Is there any lumber? There's no oars. Are there any rifles left on this boat, or anything long?


You could make yourself smarter?


I don't know what a kraken is like in D&D, but I'm fucking stoked to find out.


I got to sleep.


We'll get you that armor!


On the beach?


And then there's a long-term problem which I'll have to solve on another day. There's a long- term problem that my family is awful and needs to be stopped at all costs, and that's something that I'll have to deal with tomorrow.


Definitely boots of haste! Pair of boots out of brown leather, you said?


I should probably assist.


It's like ten minutes, so I've probably got four or five minutes left.


Oh, man, that's great. All my spell books and scrolls will be converted in the next week! Huzzah! Are you sure we can't play for another seven hours tonight? Just this once? Just one ten-hour Critical Role episode?


Pike hears everything. (laughter)


You're always a little kooky, Marisha.


And if he resists it, he takes psychic damage.


All right. That's 20 plus-- now you're all staring at me! 30, 40 points of damage!


What's your AC?


Just outside the door.


Level two, that's major.


Yeah. I don't think any of us have them.


That's correct. All right, okay.


Yeah, so I'm using that.


All right. 12.


All right, so let me know if this sounds doable. I want to grab that cage that Trinket was under.


Oh, it moves? Now I care a little.


Oh, that's cute.


Funnel them.


Do they check weapons at the door, anything like that?


Pike, it's all on you, dude.


Oh my god. Remember you killed that kid one time?


They are so sexy.


Can't grow that back, bitch.


It would be the smarter bet.


I know, yeah!


I thought it burned away, no?


Advantage for Yasha.


You can't come back with ten gold wine if I said I was broke.


Wait, we have to harvest it special?


He smells of lavender and vanilla.


They're everywhere.


You-- you are very-- you are-- you are very drunk.


I didn't kill my whole family.


And looks like a crest.


Nope, just knock him unconscious. Do I roll?


Does anybody speak Ogre? Nobody speaks Ogre, though. We can't talk to him.


There's a lot of injured pride tonight.


Are you sure nobody else can ever get into it?


No, I'd have to describe to you what I see.


We don't know. The more, the better.


It's a one?


Okay. I'll summon it back.


Handaxe.


It is not the same.


Grog, Scanlan? (stutters) Come on in, he's fine.


Bye Vax! (laughs)


At the same time I see his little reed flick, I'm going to swirl my sickle around and cast Toll the Dead.


Does my Keen Mind help me at all in this situation?


I sidle up next to my sister and stand there for a moment and deadpan say, boy, the more things change, the more they stay the same. And then I walk away. (laughter)


No?!


Maybe because it's up-close and personal with Fjord, or it could be good for us.


Is that the singer?


Secret of the keys. Lootcrate.com/keys.


Two heavy crossbows.


I feel like he's just so romantic, he'll probably stay the night and have breakfast or something.


Quick question. This Blushing Tankard tavern, the doors lock, right? There's privacy, it's not like some fucking free-for-all all night, is it?


I'm going to be in the log, someone's going to be up here in bush one, someone's going to be in bush two.


How close to the shore do we get with the ship? The ship proper.


(sing victory fanfare from Final Fantasy)


Humbly, we are members of The Mighty Nein.


It was winged, and it had red eyes. It looked like it was a ball of lightning.


Do I have the necessary tools to synthesize a potion out of the basilisk blood?


He found the boat, Nott. he found the boat. He will lead us to the boat. He found it. He did it.


You do not understand what they did to my family. I am ready now.


Yes, I would like some milk.


You have to try harder, Grog.


Okay. I'm just hanging out.


Well, I would follow the direction they left last night. See if we can find a trail.


Twins in the lead, point, traps. All that.


Oh, but we can still see where we're going.


That's a lot of gallons, for sure.


The hatch is on fire?


Way to bury the lede!


I'm still upstairs. Are you going to come meet us again upstairs?


Okay. There's just no backing away from him right now. I'm going to have to wait for him to try and break off from me through Grog.


It's all right. Just focus. Focus. You'll be fine, Grog. Just focus. Yes, think of yourself as a cow. As a flying cow. You remember?


I actually feel safer in my animal form in this crazy place.


Can we talk-- can we talk about this thing now?


Thank you, Beau. Thank you guys.


I won't wear one. I keep my cloak on.


Be like that Windex commercial, back in the day.


I'm just going to put my arms down and stare at him.


Hey, Jester, it looks like there's a game of cards going on over there.


Should we take the chains off?


I'm the lucky man who married her. My name is Scanlan of the Shorthalts. We're in from Emon, and reputation of this establishment is well known within all parts of the walls. We're looking to possibly become members here. We hear the entertainment is top-notch, and we hear that business happens within these walls. But I'm not convinced. I'm hoping to stay for an hour to see what you have to offer. When I find I like a place, I stay for a long time and leave a lot of money. I'd just like a little taste.


Thank you. Find everyone. Tell them, silence. We still have the cavern we built underground. Start making it larger.


I know, I'll just... be back here... caboose.


It's cool. Aes Adon has the best mutton. He keeps it normally-- I don't think I made the mutton leave, so you can check the drawers.


It's not necessarily a magical effect.


(whispers) I used your coin.


All right. I'll be part of the Fjord expedition. (laughter and groaning)


Oh, I don't know. We never counted it.


Ah, 17.


Yeah. Haven't been very good at it so far.


So that's 21!


I'll do maybe one of these. It feels like she wants one of these.


Natural 20 again! That's two 20s in a row! Counter Wil Wheaton!


What about his little pet?


Okay, but then there's the sphinx.


Okay, in that case, I'm going to push him back. I'm going to do a shot to push him back.


Oh, are there people in the carts? Can I see?


I am a very skinny man. Let's do this.


Yeah. It takes me literally punching the shit out of Avantika though.


What do you guys call this one? What do you call this con?


Yeah, no, I do. Yeah. All right. Fine. We do it together.


I can't, it's just gonna--


Nott, you want to go cast it on the rod? Let's go. You and me, we'll do it.


You need glasses though.


I haven't been no.


Scanlan, you're hideous now.


Clarota didn't see? Where was Clarota?


Okay, twins in front, here we go.


I don't know. (laughter)


Oh, beautiful, yeah. It's like a torch, which means I can see even better. I'd like to go into a frenzied rage and start swinging away.


When she came back to life is when Tiberius, I was like, "oh my God, she's okay!"


Yeah, we kind of branch, we just spread out a little bit.


We just doused it. Grog and I can see.


Aldor! What? Huh? (laughter)


I will stay with Fjord.


So much dick talk!


To what are you pointing?


Do you have any red cloth you can tear off and tie around your forehead?


I was just having this conversation.


And we're actually pretty close to giving away our second promo kit. So, just so you guys know-- what the shit? If we get another 50, I think it's like 40 more, or 38 more? The number's on the bottom. We'll give away another promo kit, and these guys will all sign the poster that goes inside, and we'll get that shipped out to you as quickly as possible.


As soon as we go to sleep and wake up.


You've got, like, 12 healing potions!


Water weasel.


Or a sapphire, fine.


How many v's are in that word?


Really? (laughter)


About how big are they?


Still alive!


She doesn't feel even a little bit horny?


You only know two. Pick one. (laughter)


Why is that a terrible idea?


I saw Shakäste!


The world down here?


I've got a 13.


I'm going to run down the stairs the opposite direction from the ball bearings. I'll see where I can get, if I can get 30 feet.


Well, and also, there might be grave robbers.


What, is he going to fight with us?


That's not great. 11?


We gather in Fjord and Molly's room.


Which will hit both of the imps with 1d6 radiant damage.


I can assist, I've got Mage Hand as well.


Very shallow. Really hot Instagram account, though.


When you do, all you do is write the message to this and we will receive it. It's an enchanted parchment. I will receive the message.


Oh my god. What?


Are we healing it? What the hell?


At all?


No Gryffindors in this bitch. Get out, Gryffindor. Get out.


Grog, can you hit it?


Well, Frumpkin has had a peek inside of her quarters after she has seen him. She did not see him the first time. Although, to be doubly sure I could change his shape again.


Oh man, you guys, I was really trying to get the Starosta to talk to me.


Half Clarota! I am Doctor Anna Ripley, from Wildemount.


Here, let's try something. Just give me something, I'll send it there now. I don't know what that'll do.


When you say saved, do you mean killed?


And then he said, "Ah!" when he was writing it, for sure.


How many was that? Just one, right? We've been here for five minutes.


I look at Scanlan curiously. (laughs)


Oh. What's-his-name.


This could be the last time we do this. Come on.


Let's quietly wake them, and I will go peer into the darkness and see if I can see them.


No. Nope. Oh, it just hits me.


Thank you so, so much.


But they can still hit.


That fiend has low self-esteem.


Herr Woolly.


Or chain.


Let's empty our bags, let's prepare ourselves. There are certainly stories in the woods of Whitestone of strange happenings, so I'm sure there's probably some connection to the Feywild, and we'll see what happens.


Oh, it's just greed. It's just greed.


I know that feeling. Listen, I've come to get you out of here.


Don't forget Vax.


Okay, and then it's a 1d10-- creature takes 4d10 piercing damage-- oh, on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.


Good question, actually.


I don't think I can be on it with him. Right? I'm still enlarged.


Wait, I'm sorry. I think I need clarification. If sticks mean things like valuable canes, what do rocks mean to you?


You sounded like you had a different accent for a moment there, Fjord.


I feel like I'm behind you because I've got water walking on, so I'm like--


(whispers) Revenge.


Probably the--


I did, but I only used my burning thingy once, so I can do that. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. So I'm going to move my Hunter's Mark to one of the guys around Scanlan.


But we have to kill them all at once.


Oh, a persuasion check for Trinket?


You tried to get me to give you my gun designs?


Then you'll never be disappointed, you know?


Have you ever been in a fight?


Shit, y'all. Fuck.


Best Halloween trick ever.


A moment for us to confer, if you don't mind.


Even a twitch?


I'm going to shoot him two times. This was good times. This was fun, you guys. 14 for that. That probably doesn't hit. 14 also doesn't hit the second time. Oh my god! What is happening?! (laughter)


That's not how guns work.


Oh, for the barf.


Chief negotiator!


I'll start it, then.


We could get Nott in here to try and pick it. Just leave it nicely looked like it's not opened.


He's always doing that. Welcome back, Pike.


Possible special guest.


Okay, bye. All right, let's go.


I would just like to say that Pike is very eerie, yet beautiful in this iridescent glow of astral projection. It's hard to hear her sometimes, but god damn it, she makes it look good.


Can I go knock on Percy's door before we head downstairs, just really fast?


I think they're full of pus!


No! No! Hey, look at this cool dice bag I have, it's got a bear!


Big money.


Make good life choices!


No. No it didn't.


I mean, there's nothing in the rule book that says bats can't have heightened senses.


I bet they worshiped it.


Is it safe for me and Keg to hop out without it looking shifty?


Yeah, but we can't tell them 'we're going to check out your associates'.


Destroyed landscape, whole other plane. Very dark, very scary.


I can feel my hair growing.


D&D Beyond has a mobile app, guys, and it is out on beta! You can download it now at the App Store and the Google Play Store-- The Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. And because most-- well not most, but a lot of our audience is located in the United Kingdom, I tailored tonight's D&D Beyond pitch to the British audience.


Oh! I get an advantage or?


No, it's always off to the side, right?


A Whitestone crest. From the threshold of the door.


I can't remember. It was 30 plus 30 or something. It was halves of everything.


Well, a Stormwind likes to finish a sentence, and I apparently need to start a sentence correctly for you to hold your attention long enough.


We saw her pretty recently.


Would she sing with you, when you're alone?


We can't hear you, you're fucking 60 feet ahead of us.


That's not a thing. Where did-- you didn't read that--


Jeez, wow.


I push everybody to the side and down.


Oh my god, how wonderful would it be if Scanlan could just Dimension Door-- Oh, I shouldn't have said his name. Could just Dimension Door down to that thing, to the room, and just slice up the little egg, and then--


32, and I have resistance to lightning damage with the Exalted Knuckles.


What if we have to make something triangular?


I'm glad I came in handy for that field trip.


And then I'm going to use Toll The Dead on the one in front of Beau.


I am Rushmore.


We don't know what's in there, we should talk about this for a second, and I bought us some time. I'm sure it's going to try to beat through that door in a second.


I had myself.


Kill it with fire.


And he's going to be very happy to see me come around the corner of that door.


I come over the comms and I say, hey, Vaxy-poo, I think we're being followed, I kind of feel like they can smell you.


Everybody's fully healed.


You don't know what you've done for me, so this is the least I can do. I really do understand what he did.


Hey, Matt. Can I rewind?


Mr. Woolly?


38. (relieved groaning)


I'm good on that.


Oh boy, roll high.


I say all of that. I read this one paragraph once and then the filigree, there was a monk with a trumpet up his ass, and that's why I remembered this section so well. In fact, still remember the book. Bet if we go back to the library, we could still find it and we could figure out more about this.


What about the Bastion of Flesh?


Oh, good. So that's a one on the d12, plus six, seven, plus nine is 16.


I feel so guilty.


It sounds bad. Bad news.


Oh. Very well. How many are left, two?


Oh wait, but does that mean we lose our temporary hit points on the Heroes' Feast?


Give me my boots! Give me my boots! You give me my damn boots! (laughter)


It's totally good.


Yeah! You just got peed on! Beautiful.


Well, hopefully, hopefully.


Can you open up the floor underneath them?


27 total.


Listen, we have this Herd. They will be our allies for exactly one day.


I'm going to at least run up to the other side of Jester, just to keep us clumped a little bit. What I can do is I can do Vicious Mockery again. I'm going to cast Vicious Mockery and (Infernal voice) I'll cut off your legs! Give it a shot. Make a roll against wisdom.


We did.


I give it.


In case it's magically locked down?


For players who can read good.


Is that code for something?


So we have two stops before the evening's done then.


Well, I'm holding onto his rib, right? Can I get his head?


I'm going to do the earring and go to Scanlan and be like, "Keep it simple, will you? I mean, really, calm down."


Might I ask, does Kord reside in Elysium?


You can say it.


They did, which was disorienting.


I don't think we should go in this way either.


I knew it! I knew it! I am a special boy. (laughs) (laughter)


(gasps) Not great. Okay. And what am I adding?


Percy,


Let's head that direction and start yelling at people.


No, we should not do that.


I am not going anywhere near that temple.


Charm Person, 2nd-level!


Everyone, I found a piece of clothing, an article of (hacking cough) clothing! Here, I'll pass it out to you.


Can I whip around and see if anyone's following us?


Can I walk over? Are there any windows?


You're well disguised as a stoner's bedroom at the moment. A dragon on a sheet.


That is not a good answer!


Maybe I can act like I'm an old woman trying to cross the road.


Yeah, I just let a Fireball down on the brain.


Would it be fair to say that the more someone desires something, the more you're interest increases?


So I am bleeding profusely everywhere, and I am going to stumble in the direction-- I think that's Keg, she's short. I will go that way as far as I can, and as I go I say: This is going very well.


We have so many questions.


Keep an eye out, it's like a kind of stout, maybe dwarvish man and a humanoid creature covered in chains.


(sighs) Okay. Time to go big. I am going to cast Shapechange, my 9th-level spell, and I am going to turn into a fire giant.


Annabelle. (laughter)


Caleb maybe can do some special effects.


Wait, wait, wait. Are you in love?


Tomato juice bath. (laughter)


I'm taking a breath of air. Caleb would have just rebounded back down and swam. I use bonus action if that gets me to them, good. If not, I will use bonus action plus movement to get to them which I would assume it would get me there. Then I help Nott. I will continue to drag Jester up towards the surface.


I could keep going.


Is it too dangerous for me to have?


Okay, so that's the plan, is to look for people moving crap around, the same way that Enon is said to have. So that's what we'll do.


I'm not familiar with that reference.


I'm going to start flying straight up, and while I'm flying straight up, I'm going to take... two shots with the Pepperbox at the big brain.


I did! We got the Wildemount dice back in stock! The pretty blue ones that we have and then we got limited amount of The Mighty Nein pins back in stock. Check that out right now; they're awesome. We have the maps back in stock, and I have heard the t-shirts are being restocked very shortly. That means check it out this weekend, like Friday or Monday. They should be back in there so check it out.


It's going to be fun.


Yeah, I'm going to cut directly right towards Caduceus and just before I disappear out of view, I'm going to say: Hey, how's your day? And I will send a Fire Bolt at Lorenzo.


(elephant sound)


Then you're going to make us invisible and then you're going to be a horse?


Yeah yeah. Like five minutes max.


No, that's my stuff. I'm spreading because he's not here.


That is a 26.


Oh, I roll twice.


Vax spanks Tiberius on the tail and says, get ready to deity! Going stealth.


(laughing) Do you need any help?


Everything is happening in 300B.


We're in a nice little clump, aren't we?


Opening your mouth right there. That was so useful! So useful!


Somebody asked how we focus in the room with the sexual magnetism that is Scanlan Shorthalt.


Evil shit.


The minute I grab onto your broom, you can't hear anything, so I'm just going to ride it down to the ground and then let go.


Which way did the fisherman go?


(whispers) Are they still on--


Nope, no problem at all, you'll be doing business with me. (laughter)


The human torch was denied a bank loan. (all laugh)


Did you guys both say goodbye and then you're walking the same direction?


Okay, must I roll again? For stealth?


Keyleth waits for Percy. Hang on. I can go talk with Cassandra, as well.


A reasonable and astute observation, yes.


Two greater healing and then another regular?


With like big-ass scorpion tails?


He's calling in backup.


Yeah, but we should probably get cleaned up, because they're just going to stop us the minute we get inside. Should we go and see Pumat Sol, and see if he'll make us clean?


I mean, poorer, but richer.


It's a great sword, and what this--


Well, we've got Grog. We've got Kima. We came here to find Kima. That was our mission. I don't trust her.


Yeah, you're so cool. Okay, so it was good talking to you.


I'm gonna hobble past Vex and say, you know, I think that broom is not as well-suited for, um, men. I think you might have done Gern a favor. I've just taken a very long spin class. I sort of tenderly walk past.


We're just going from point A to point B. This is just what we need.


God? What does it look like?


We're like newscasters.


On your initiative?!


Wait, I get another attack.


Tagging? That's good.


(exhales) All right, all right, all right. What?


And if I decline?


No, I'm sorry-- that you weren't protected earlier.


I'm getting bits and pieces.


I got a whole bunch of more hit points.


And for that, we are grateful.


I think I can step next to Percy without stepping into that cloud.


I've never known you to be a coward, Grog.


On my movement? What happens with my dash and my action?


I'm going to charge the Diplomacy glove.


Another tattoo?


I go up and hug him, and say  what would you like us to tell Uriel? I know they are wanting you in court.


Well, it does 2d6 damage, it's a 30-foot range, and it pulls 10 feet. Notes I have on it-- Okay-- piercing damage-- if they are large or smaller, you pull the creature up to ten feet closer.


Yeah. Accurate.


Come on, Yasha!


Oh, give me that back page. Sorry.


I am covered.


I walk over to the closet. I open it.


On past days, has Pumat's place been open this late?


Candleglow? No.


Yes! And it's super soft still.


I disseminate that these ruffian pirates, coming in, messing up our nice and peaceful Nicodranas again. I heard it was that Captain Jawgrasp. He came in and he deceived his own crew, and he murdered them all in a plot of vengeance and greed, and then he took the boat, and he went off on his own.


Well, I rolled a 23. Am I stealthed?


Yeah. No, I got it one time at this tavern. I had it for two nights. It just itched everywhere.


I know this cart like the back of my hand, and if one inch of it is touched, I will know.


What did you do that for?


It's really pleasing.


I would like to get about 30 or 40 feet within range of it and start taking a tinkle.


Ability check at disadvantage.


Get it, girl.


Oh, wait. You mentioned investigators?


We move towards a conflict. What should we know? What should we be prepared for?


I turn to Tubo and I go  Did you see that?!


Very dangerous--


That's irritating. So that's a 32 to hit.


That sounds like a handful of hate. That was like four dice.


Is Trinket worth it? (laughter)


Can you send those children back?


I'm moving earth, I'm going to go underground. And it lasts up to two hours.


Oh, never mind, then.


Thanks for playing.


I think it's more like when your toe was missing. I think it's like that.


Thank you, Gilmore.


Love you!


I think in addition to your throat getting slashed, you might've sustained a bump on the head or something. I'll go get Caleb. I run downstairs.


Where we spoke with the Grand Maven?


We don't have the carpet.


We're going to instruct Orly to navigate from north to south to the top of the reef, using this.


I fucking like it. I appreciate it.


Not anymore. Fish dick.


Just send the bird.


Seeker Asum is telling people that this city has been magicked away.


Yeah. I will use my 30 feet of speed to run in the direction of Nott.


How would you know anything about them?


All right. You go away; I'm trying you. That's a natural 20.


We've taken a short rest already, right?


You want me to do it?


Is all I wanted to say.


Can you get within ten feet of something? Five feet of something.


Yes, do we have badges that we wear over so that they know--?


All the video games.


So it's a duergar pet?


Nott!


I'll put my goggles on just in casies.


So I'm going to be carrying an explosive device into a troll's house, solo?


Yes, so many!


Lead the way, sister.


Look, my light-up 20 just lit up for no reason as we were talking about it. I think it'll go very well.


How long does it take to recharge Hex, by the way?


But we're within 60 feet of him, right? You said we weren't within 30.


You're a scoundrel. Do you have any money?


And then we'll talk about an airship. I'm really on board with the airship.


Rolling stealth plus ten.


We're scouting the way nonchalantly, I would imagine.


People's lives. Urgency. Clock. Time. All that stuff.


I think we killed everything.


That's why I'm going to the Pillow Trove!


That are sitting with her?


Ooh good, we can put Molly on the back of the wagon. That way we can get him out of here. And the guards' bodies, too! That way we can drop them off away from the carnival and people won't think it's related.


This is the Xhorhas side.


I'll take a standard shot to begin with.


Nott, dear? Why don't you tell the nice man the truth? Devil's Tongue.


Yeah. That's better.


See that? My man's going to check some stuff out.


Is anybody else aroused?


(singing) I'm on a boat, motherfucker! I'm on a motherfucking boat. (speaking) That's all I got.


No. Absolutely not.


Mr. and Mrs. de Rolo.


I'm just going to just go (screaming) and start shooting at the first one.


Yes, we should keep going to find their friends.


But they don't like her father.


It's not a billowing column.


There was a bit of sabotage on the ship.


"I have his face though."


Roll for dilation.


They're very nice.


He may have opened a bottle of wine.


That worked out really well because we probably wouldn't have defeated K'Varn without him.


Our best bet is maybe-- hopefully enough of us still have our strength. Maybe at the end if she has been ravaged by the red dragon.


A reach around. Give it a little tuggy with the reach around. Just pull it. Pull it. Just tug it until it explodes. Just reach around and tug it until it explodes. Just keep on working it! Might have to use the other hand for a while, that one's getting tired, Matt! (laughter)


Is Ank'harel and the Ozmit Sea in the same area? Can we hit one on our way to the other?


22-- Oh, 22, plus can I use my inspiration on this?


I read it in a book.


What do your scrying eyes see, Keyleth?


I'll go backwards, I'll go backwards.


Doty, she said realism.


Anytime I've stolen something I couldn't use later I've always kept it for sentimental reasons. I'm not sure why.


Okay! We've got to start putting some trammels in this guy.


Toss a drink, yeah.


Please, yes! I'm talking to myself.


Digital whispers!


So I accelerated the casting of the spell.


Okay, I won't.


I'm burnt.


We're going to take four horses.


But they're just thugs who were particularly successful.


What are you?


Yes! Come in.


I'll have to try it sometime.


I love you, too. I'm glad you're not dead.


Also where are we staying tonight? Are we staying at The Bloated Cup, or we finding--


I don't really know, but I know that no one else will be able to. I hope you can. That Grog guy's fuckin' huge.


I thought we got it back, though.


Is that a six?


We'll be quick, super fast.


Oh, that's cool.


So we turned that into a thing.


So much ramen.


That's what he just said!


We don't know if she's on the outs with her family, if they're the ones who had her killed or kidnapped. We don't know anything. We'd be marching into a big question mark.


A little. His ears are getting a little pink.


It's part of his charm.


I think when things settle down a bit, perhaps you and I and maybe Grog, and Lady Kima can perhaps go out. Break bread and have some wine and such on an evening with each other. I believe my friend rather fancies Kima. What say you?


That's 2d6 plus four radiant damage, so ten, 14.


(loudly) Everybody, there's smoke over there. We've got to get hold of this right now. There's definitely a plume of smoke. I don't know what it means, I don't know what it's about, it could be a good thing, it could be a bad thing, but we have to stop this conversation right in its tracks.


I ran away from the Cobalt Soul and they gave me a raise in rank because of it. That was kind of cool. Really just further instilled my rebellion, to be totally honest.


Yeah, why do you guys always have bad initiative?


Divine more in the sense of what reasonable people do to tell commoners that we're allowed to talk to them.


How about we just say I owe you one?


Wait, it hurts people so you're going to hang onto it?


Can I go check in with the Sun Tree while I'm here?


Okay. And did I use all my movement to climb through the scrum or do I have my third attack?


Is this the name on one of the barrels?


And then we've also killed a white one.


Well, wanna go down?


I'm going to shoot him two more times.


Shut the fuck up! Wait, wait, wait. Last part, last part, last part.


I'm gonna do a quick arcana check, just to see if there's any kind of mystical thing around it or anything like that. And it's 19.


I have a torch as well.


Especially since we're now a 100 gold richer.


While this is going on, can I whip out my little chemistry kit and start putting together some chemical stuff?


Because she's not hungry, because she hasn't been in there for a while.


Some of them do. We spoke to them in Common.


6d6!


Taliesin, can you give it a shuffle?


50, plus five points of necrotic, which doubles to ten.


I already gave it to Keyleth.


Well, we have misty, but that seems--


But like ice cream, and donuts, like a midnight snack kind of.


18. Oh, you've done me in by one.


And try to see a door on the far end.


Do you wanna check the captain's quarters before it all goes down?


(old man voice) Hey!


He is selling stuff if you want to go check.


Do you have a menu? You don't, you don't.


Natural number.


Oh, she got an eight also, sorry.


One more shot, bonus action. That's better, 19!


I would like to hug the wall and slide along it. I would like to think I can hear my friends breathing-- and stop, yeah that's good-- and hold my action, and if anything comes this way that is not my friends to cast Burning Hands as a tripwire. I'm the tripwire.


You know we're going to get lost in this swamp forever.


Not quietly.


3d10 because I'm casting it at 3rd level. 18 for the Hail of Thorns.


Go first.


He rolled three times.


That is. Oh, that's even better!


Well? Should we go in and be traveling people and kill everyone that we see?


She's a little creepy. In like, a hot way, but a little creepy.


You won't be able to see anything!


So we have to rally our forces to us, and we have to do some really smart recon. Do we make her a part of that or no?


Only 14.


Hey, you know what? We're getting close!


I've never realized how large-- Wow, it's bulging. Those are some bulging eye sausages if I've ever seen them.


Yeah. Gate Stones? They're not Gate Stones.


Okay, so that I'm that close.


24 so far.


Or not avoid him.


No, don't stop. Just keep going.


First Place for Youth. I'll have a link up to my Twitter in about five minutes. They help kids get through school, they help kids who are orphaned and having issues get their stuff together and become fabulous teenagers like we need in this world.


Guys--


Perception check. First one!


Great. If the mods want to post the command 'criticalrole', you guys can link to that charity and we'll go ahead and roll those videos so you guys can get updated on the characters, and we'll be back in a little bit.


Rage fingering?


Because I think it's like owl's wisdom for wisdom.


I don't know, but it sounds like something awful happened to him, doesn't it?


Oh, shit, you were right by fucking other faces when you popped in before!


You're right, I should have never dragged you down into the sewers, and I apologize. It won't happen again. But listen to me. I have an idea. It's a dangerous idea, and I don't want to lead with it. I don't want to fight this dragon, to be honest, but I think the group is going that direction. If we do-- Percival's run off to try something, maybe we're just going to run out. I have an idea that only you can do.


It is one of the most amazing, hilarious, pitch-perfect, well-done genre comedy and horror films I have ever seen. It is a delight, and I want everyone to watch it because I'm afraid it's not going to get the attention it deserves.


What, you're just going in?


Do it, make the door!


Did you say this was the Bahamut part of town, too?


(pigeon cooing)


Weimar.


All right. To the Slayer's Take, then?


Works every time.


Hi, Tary! I'm Antlers!


Yeah, you just joined back up with us. She doesn't need to tell us her life story.


Who are the locals?


I'm going to burn a resolve.


Okay. I come around the gate. I look in and I go, hey, Shakäste!


You want to reply to that, do you?


And this is also an aimed shot. Sorry, I spent another grit. So sorry for not saying that. I'll do my damage and then tell you. It was an aimed shot to the legs, so that's-- oh my god. 16, 26, 32 points of damage, and it needs to make a constitution saving throw.


That's another roll, if you need it.


Like a spell.


But, I mean, still.


Or we go where?


That's a long walk to get to shithead.


(whispers) Good luck with that.


Okay. Let's cuddle.


Me and Tiberius rolled ones.


Yes, but Beauregard has given me a condition. She had some questions for me, and I would like to answer them, but I don't feel right telling her and not telling you, so I would love for you to stay here for a few minutes.


Well, what if we-- How about this, why don't we turn him into a mouse and we can just keep him as our, you know, emergency pocket mouse, and whenever, if we need a quick distraction, then we flick him in his mouse nuts and drop him over and--


She rolled a 19.


I'll move up to that tree.


It sounds reasonably clear. We'll send up a good group with spare parts, and they're all craftsmen here, they're all farmers, they can fix a cart if it breaks.


I could be bait. Then you could come ambush them.


With my sword out, I'm going to run down the hall and I'm going to take two more slashing attacks at the web.


Caleb is going to walk behind Cali so he's got a good view of merman over Fjord. I'm going to use the Glove of Blasting. First one is a natural one, so that does not hit. The second one is a natural 20.


Okay, I will sing a song. I will sing (singing) Heal thee! With a song, heal thee, all night, all night, all night long. Heal thee.


No, 47, and 1d6.


Well, maybe after I do that because I'm tapped.


Then why is she at an inn?


I'm going to position myself in the corner between that-- hunch against the wall, try and lose my breath if that makes sense.


Add seven more. Then add three.


Wait, no, we're inside an invisible--


I wanna see 'em super beat up.


Put it on Vax.


Do you see the shadow in your dreams?


I roll over on my stomach and I ask Trinket to step on my back.


She's going to try and undo some of my poor decision-making.


Why did you think he was mean? What gave off that impression?


But if we approach them using a reflective surface to view them, can they peer into our minds through a reflected surface?


I'll show you the other workshop.


Kashaw, does this mean anything to you?


Okay. Maybe you would be able to tell, to see what's going on. I think you should come down. It will be okay.


He'll be getting a mohawk. Thank you. We'll have this talk later.


Triple violent shot?


As long as we're all clear here what's going on, that's fine. And I can just dash?


Thank you, Mertin. Right?


You're the connoisseur.


Can I attack him now, while he's casting, because I held my turn?


I haven't gone and Grog hasn't gone.


(deep voice) It's me, Keyleth.


Sonoma.


And Timothy Hudson and Amir.


They attacked the cities as a horde.


I will come back, I promise. Do you want me to go look? I'll come back. I'll just go look, I promise.


So if he fails to save, I knock him over. That's plus seven, so 19?


We're making asses of ourselves.


I was right to inspire her after all. Someone's got to live!


I want to try healing him a little bit.


The pleasure is all ours. When are you planning to cast off?


We have have manacles, and we have chains.


No! The eye! I can get rid of the eye!


But I thought you just sent me a request for--


So nine.


It's everyone.


Keyleth opens the shamble door first with a little earth movement. I'm dressed. Yeah. I'm not like that.


I-- we don't know. She left when I was a little girl, so I don't remember much. So I don't know if she's alive or dead, really, but--


A fucking thump?!


You usually don't. You just hear them.


Okay. One point of damage. However, it can't take reactions until its next turn.


Does it look like he's going to make an attack? Because I'm going to start scooting towards--


Are you sure it's magic? Are you sure it's just not a chain that he gave you?


Mine's really long, Matt.


K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading.


It is dangerous there.


You're an advisor. A financial advisor.


Yeah. Well, let's do that, then.


Just a ten, not great.


Welcome to the cool kids' table, Tary.


I'm alive, I'm alive.


Abba music.


Doty, go clean their room.


Can I stealth? Can I turn into one of the impish creatures in gold armor?


That's very kind of you.


27 points of damage.


We're literally reading through old notes right now.


Nine points.


It was the controller. So we have it.


(whimpering) I'm good.


On the book?


What campus tours have you been on? (laughter)


How close are we to those now?


Two. ♪ What's the past tense of win? ♪


Uladra. Right?


Oh, really? Okay. The first is sneak attack.


Something just moved in the water. It might be able to hear our movements, though.


Okay. It's fine.


If that's okay. Everybody gets, oh! 17 points back.


Wait. I need you to smack me in the face first. (impact) I would like to rage! Natural 20.


Thin slices.


And you add five for your strength, so you got--


Take her head off, Yasha!


Oh no! On the deep voiced guy!


Might as well. Okay, hang on, though! What are we going to get from this guy?


Not in the Bag of Holding, keep it in your shirt pocket.


It's Craven Edge. He just got a make-over.


Balls. Okay.


As charming as you two are right now.


Or we go to Draconia right now, blindly, and then I'd still have a spell to get us out.


I know, it looks so pretty.


Oh, hi! Apparently we're live because several people just yelled that at me behind the scenes. That's Sam Riegel. This is Taliesin Jaffe. I'm Marisha Ray. Good evening internet, Critters, and Team Hoomaners alike. This is simply a sync test because apparently for the last several weeks, days-- It's not one of those sync tests. We're not recording film.


Back out of this, I know where I am. I will go along the wall here. Frumpkin will crawl on the wall. Oh, you can't see where I'm pointing.


Oh, fair fire giant! Fair? Hammering at an anvil. 20 feet tall. Oh, fair, gentle fire giant!


It's a really popular play, I don't...


I am unconscious. Ah, man!


Thanks, Nott. What do we think about that?


Wait, not yet. Stone! Stone!


Oh my god, okay.


Can you describe to me this duty?


That's 18.


Is your boss with you right now? Did he come with you or did he send you?


It's not one I was familiar with, but I just know that it's part of a set. There's six of them, I think. Different things that they all use.


Up the butt!


I'll cast a little-- on you and for 24 hours, you can breathe underwater freely.


I don't want to be a fucking zombie.


I'm lucky Pierre.


Really, really.


I remember that.


You'll still be the same Caleb when you're done, right?


You made Caduceus laugh, oh no. It's not even me laughing. Well, I can think of worse plans than a nice bottle of wine with a card that says, "Please don't stab me in the middle of the night."


I'm going to find a corner to rock back and forth in.


Oh, I want to give a shoutout.


I don't wanna be a giant constrictor snake. We wanna be teeny ones, or little ones.


I agree with that, and I think she's understood that her sexuality can be wielded as a weapon.


Shifts of resting, yeah.


Yes, I suddenly remember that name. I know the family. They've got connections there. In fact, the folks that the Iron Shepherds work for happen to hate that family.


I say, shut up!


Jeez, I need to not use Gil's die ever. 14.


I'll see you sometime in Wildemount?


It's about to go.


Is it just so hot? What's happening? Is it bugs?


I'm afraid he's going to try and yank them out.


Big money, no whammies! That's an eight for one, and the other, not as good. Ten total.


Okay, cool. You've said that. You said that, right?


I'm gonna pull grit shot to the hands. With the new pistol.


(slurring) We have to move.


Yeah, right here.


'Cause that's kind of what it's like.


So that's 2d6 right?


I would not care to say. We're in a public place.


I'm probably screaming.


Thanks, Jester. I appreciate that.


I imagine so. Could be still.


Yes, so now we've just got to do it.


Just words.


How about you let me take the lead on this?


I also have two vials of breathing underwater.


Shoot from your screen!


(laughing) Pitbull.


Scanlan and Keyleth duo to talk to the tree?


A quick buying of potions, I just wanna see if I can get some stuff.


Happy fun ball?


I technically can't bet because I do actually know everyone enough to--


You're right. Do I know what this is?


It could be fine. I don't know.


15, nine. 23.


Yes, it's no bear, but it's pretty good.


That's very fair.


Don't you have those, too?


Your dice tray dried nicely, though.


Cool,. 25 for the first.


Yeah, you're tall.


Not going to make them roll survival to get back?


(laughs) You dick. (gasps)


I would recommend, Uriel, dis-inviting them for now.


I'm going to put him out of his misery.


Well, that's fair. I hadn't really thought about that.


Has the party held up at this point?


I was told there would be no math.


I was very proud of that.


18? No, 17?


Whatever they handed me. I've been doing this, to be fair, the entire time we've been together.


No. Are you here?


(coughing) No, you need help. It's real gross.


All right. Don't fuck me, Vax. That is--


It was insane!


No, we stayed up and kept watch.


Are ziggurats always pyramids?


Ah, that's all right.


Yeah, glitter gets everywhere.


I'm not picky.


I should have Hunter's Marked her. (sighs)


You can't throw 80 feet.


I saw what the firbolg woman told us about. There is a trapdoor not too far from us here.


Like weird shit is happening.


We might also want to discuss what we're doing next. I mean, we just had this crazy escape from Pirate Island and now-- what are we doing, where are we going?


It took over 50 episodes for that to happen.


Everything I have is short. I can just go in there and open it from the inside.


You had time to think about that.


I was going to say, can I at least go up to him and grab onto Grog's loincloth to make sure his ass doesn't tumble into the lava?


Oh, yeah. Other Scanlan can wear things? He's fully--


Maybe we'll see Ripley on the way out.


-- there's usually context involved. Things are complicated.


Hey, guys? I have a suspicion that maybe the guild didn't want us to succeed. And I don't want to panic anybody. I just don't think Vanessa--


We are wise enough to not judge a man or woman by their size, good sir.


You all want to rest? Take the night off, head to Westruun in the morning?


I do my own reading, thank you.


I don't quite know how to find out, other than I had a moment where I thought about shooting someone, bringing them back and asking them.


All right, well, shall we--


I rolled 20.


I'm going to inspire her again. I'm going to sing a very romantic ballad.


Before I go down I go  Fjord. Sorry for being a dick. Then just go.


Uh-huh, I totally learned all the language in one 15-minute setting of annoying a poor gardener.


And objects within that range.


Also, in this time I would have told the rest of the group: Before Nott and I arrived in Trostenwald, just outside the city limits, we were waylaid by gnolls previously and they were hiding in grass just like this. It was very much like this so we should be-- I'm getting very nervous right now looking at it all.


As we're walking, I want to whisper to Scanlan. I'm going to whisper to the Meat Man's crotch because that's about even, right?


The big one's in Rexxentrum, anyway.


Like ten more?


(tearfully) I do the same.


Any other healing potions you got?


Not as good, but pretty good. 17.


Five! No! Six. Oh no.


Does he say stuff like that a lot?


(garbled voice) Why are you doing this with your face?


Oh, yes, let me-- Can I borrow this?


All right, I'm following after her, tiptoeing after her.


Charisma.


(laughs) Look, it's 2016.


No, I don't mind at all.


Right, but there might be some that can hit him when he's in the air, but not all of them.


Back into the Skittle? Fuck you, Delilah. Holy shit!


Can we see anything out the window? Is anybody coming, is--


The minute he suggested that he get it, I didn't want to be a part of that, so I just immediately went in to start testing to see if there was ways we could just meld through the cave-in, or if we actually had to make a hole.


We're coming back.


No, I don't think there's a Scanlan here, no.


Oh, we always have ale! I pull out the cask and I pass around a little.


Oh, that'll do. 24 points of damage plus a point of ice damage. So, 25 points of damage.


We're trying to get to the mines, essentially.


Grog, shove that fucking thing in there.


What?! So if someone kills her, they hurt more.


Duty. Got it. Does he fight or does he just write?


The trend is that it's pushing closer in.


All right, let's go to the Jumping Jimmy, or whatever it's called.


Vax'ildan. That's with an A, not an E. We're here for a week. I don't know if he's going to be back from Westruun before then, but if he is, tell him to get word to me. I'm very interested in exchanging news for the past few weeks.


Trinket does nothing but stare outside of the necklace.


All two of them. All two of them. So plus eight.


Hidden safes in the wall, trap-opening thingies.


(French accent) 30,000 apiece!


I'm probably focusing on Marius? So no. I'm not.


Yeah, shards of blue crystal.


Oh, right! Is the thing not-- wasn't there--


It feels good! (laughter)


Okay. 19-- 35-- 35.


I'm going to take it you don't see very many dragonborn in these parts.


Oh my God. I probably should have been lower to the ground when I said that. Okay, that's fine. Oh, I'm still exhausted!


How will I know if you get into trouble, and your hands are tied--


It was cold. Did you catch a cold?


Fucker. Okay, I grab him. Can I use my bonus action to try and drag him back?


Second roll does not have advantage, correct? It has disadvantage?


No, one was a total 19.


Who cares about daggers, honestly? But this-- I hold up this longsword which I can barely hold up. This would be good for either of you two. I will let you decide. Fjord, here. This is a very strong sword; it is very good against creatures. That is for you to look at. Then these boots would make anyone better, but I think that Beauregard might benefit from them the most. I could be wrong; I'm going to give them to Beau and let you decide.


I'm out there too, and I rolled a natural 20.


Through the side.


That's 26 points.


Well, that's what I've been trying to do. I've been doing it a long time on my own; it feels good to know that there are other people out here doing the same.


Among their folks?


How has the rest of the village fared? Is everything as poorly off as you are?


Who's going to hire a crew? We don't even know the parts of the boat that we need to fill! You have to come with us!


That is so terrifying.


And then as he walks away, it poofs back into his fucking belt.


You've had no contact with them?


Yeah. Sell your body, you know? Put that hair to good use.


I whisper to Pike and be like, mm, we didn't think about this potential outcome, did we?


My action is triggered. I'm in a ball, and I'm pushing against it so I don't roll off the edge.


Yeah, it took months.


How long has it been here for?


I don't trust you yet. I don't trust any of these people yet, except for-- No, I don't trust any of these people yet.


She's on the carpet.


You fell asleep!


Oh boy. Not great. 16.


(high voice) Not great.


I go ahead and I do a little Wind Gust and I go, (blows air).


I know. I know.


He's technically now engaged with the bear, so if he walks away, the bear gets an attack of opportunity.


Okay, I'm going to try and elbow the fucking shit out this rug.


And Grog was covering me, so Grog would've been closer to me, because I had him--


Coming down.


I look to the group and do this to Scanlan. (all laugh)


All right, I'm going to do a multiattack right on Cerkonos. So I'm going to do two (impacts) with my big wavy arms.


Put your hands on the gems!


No, I was following your lead.


Okay, can I see him? Can I shoot through him?


By candlelight.


Why didn't you say I don't have fire?! I said, "Hey Scanlan, I should come with you," and you said, "I can take care of myself. How many times do I have to tell you guys? I don't need your help."


How many charges are there?


Oh, okay, I--


We've only talked about it for four hours; it's okay.


This is the second time we've lost Grog.


Don't fucking fail me.


I'd like to Mass Cure Wounds first.


That's a pretty good printer.


Caleb!


She says  (as Jester) I would like to play truth or dare, but without the dare.


All right, if I move to this tiny little alcove, right there. Can it see me?


Right after siesta.


It really is Anthony Kiedis. We'll do a side by side. We'll put it on Twitter. We'll post it later. But all of that is to say, D&D Beyond. Thank you.


Nott the Brave yells to her teammates  The colors are so vivid! Then also: Everyone back up, we're going to Fluffernutter this bitch! I will (cocking crossbow) and hold my action.


No wait, I get a plus six. Ooh, and it was a six! That's 13.


We're about to fight some big, armored vaginas.


(groaning) Hey. I think I skinned my face. Ah! Done. I don't know what's going on.


Overwatch.


Do we have it?


Oh, you found him!


Thank you, sir.


That's my auctioneer!


Then the next one, Summer’s Dance again, is not quite as good, 12. That does not hit.


But you're the only one who can make a Hefner mansion out of thin air.


It's a good roll though.


We're fine, we went out the front door.


Oh, that's where we have to smelt the platinum. Do we see anything around the room that looks like it could fit in that pyramid shape?


The Marrow Valley. What was--


As to be expected. Smutty. What should we do?


Turn Undead (coo).


Fuck! I did use scorpion. Fuck, damn it, we haven't taken a short rest.


(shouting) Where do you go, Yasha?


Jusca.


I'm going to say you're in a room of people who were raised by-- at least 60 percent of the time, ridiculous people who have their head screwed on straight.


But it knocks them all down.


Hey, it took me five minutes.


Does anyone know how to steer this thing?


For looking around corners?


Right. Beau, you look like you got a couple new little marks and stuff.


That's it, huh?


The saddest brothel!


I'm going to take a long walk before I come back and I'm going to walk by the Raven Queen temple and just... peek inside.


So brave! [cheering]


He's got glorious hair, though.


I was going to have Caleb put the silver string at the entrance so we'd know if somebody came in.


(pretend cries) You want some pickle juice?


Pike and I spent a bit of time underground in the Graveyard District with the Clasp, I don't know if the Thieves' Guild is connected--


She's royalty, you have to understand.


Oh, I do. (laughs) But I'm going to simultaneously make Bigby's Hand try to catch me at the bottom of it.


If I attack the genie, is it just going to attack the orb, and then he's going to be free?


Donkeys can move more quickly. This is true.


Oh shit. I'm up, okay.


I know we bamfed out here, but do we have any idea how much time we have? How far away from Vasselheim we are?


I don't feel good.


Vax, I will make the deal if you're not up to it, but I want your blessing.


This fucker. (laughter)


It's voodoo shit.


Is it on the list?


That's a five.


She's only got one?


Do they have portholes to the water?


Cleff, when you were building this thing, you were building it off-site I assume, right?


I apologize. That's weird, though.


Felicia's put a lot on the line for you guy's team.


Audition who? What are you talking about?


It's pretty high, I reckon. Nope, that is a seven.


I'm pulling out Flametongue dagger.


We should reconnoiter to look at what we have.


I'm going to get Odell.


I don't know what that does, but he's got it. So if it's a large or smaller creature, it is also grappled.


Stealth checks!


Southwest, going towards Pyrah. Okay.


And he doesn't hit me.


So romantic, you guys!


Group hug, guys, group hug!


What would you like to look like?


Let's not before we fight.


I've read the whole thing, I've seen the pictures.


I mean, that I would love to do.


She shouldn't laugh at that.


We can't kill her in here.


Well, all right then. I'm going to just pull a little energy out of the crystal and I'm going to tap Nott on the forehead and cast Cure Wounds at level three.


The prologue is so good it is currently encompassing Brian Wayne Foster's life.


No, I'm not. Can I take a step back?


Advantage on initiative because I have that thing.


Maybe keep an eye on them, make sure they don't have sticky fingers.


There's that other window.


Been here for three days.


A magic trick?


I'm just saying, him taking a scroll is small potatoes.


Could Yasha use that?


Feel like coming to the campsite? Maybe?


I have been playing Boulder, Parchment, Shears, and telling him stories.


Now's the time to do it! There's not a lot of people here.


What? No. Oh, my dice! Where are my dice?!


That's what I mean, yeah, that was a really good deal. Okay. Let me confer with my subordinate and we'll put together a tour package.


Just try it again? Okay. Yeah, I'll try it again. I come up, and I say: I've been practicing. Let me try.


Oh, kin of Vilya. Yes, I am.


Does he see me? I'm trying to do this stealthily.


Come on, stage makeup class!


It's all right, little Bren, they'll look after us.


Okay. So the best hand you can get is three of a kind. Then, after that, it's a straight. A high straight. Then a low straight. Then it's if you get all evens, or if you get all odds, then it's two of a kind, then it's nothing, it's just high card. Okay, but now we put in a second amount, because you can up the ante, and you get one more card.


On both of them?


Red robe did.


These were in my employ.


Mostly whatever we can walk away with.


Yes! Me too.


Just for the next eight months?


So fight first, and then snack.


Stay. Maybe he'll be distracted by fear.


I look at them and I go, (rat noises).


-- a diversion?


Okay. First one is 26.


What a lackluster okay.


This is a shitshow, man.


I mean, it depends on what kind of work, I guess.


No, it's open.


I can make do with that, yes. Thank you.


Dirty ass voice actors?


So, (sighs) I'm confused. Was the Aramente my training to be a leader? You apparently prepared me as best as you could before I left, I don't know how well you all did (sarcastic laugh). So I'm just wondering if I need to expect that again, is this just me figuring this out again? Or do I have guidance?


Clarence? Sorry, Clarota.


Oh, so the big one is Crookedstone?


Well, if Matt doesn't recall the sister, then it was Claudia!


I don't think that's what she means.


She's still talking about the carpet.


Yep. Yep yep yep yep. Vax is quietly moving along the back wall.


I didn't see the second one. 17?


So go left? To the left.


That was the first attack since her Guiding Bolt?


He doesn’t know where it’s coming. Right? (high-pitched) Right?


I assure you, I'm real. I'm here. My companions are long gone. They were like you, like you, like you, and you, and you, and I'm all that is left. You are looking into a mirror of your future.


I go sit down next to Kash.


Plus seven plus-- ten total.


Her horse is still there.


Do you send an actual message, or is it a piece of paper?


How do you make a non-tense fist? I'm trying to--


What's on TV, babe? HG-- nope, I'm out.


Can we lower a rope and get over the glass now that there's a little space?


You wear it well.


It's concentration.


(clears throat) Right. Well, I'm full of surprises. One of which is-- so, I had this horrible dream recently, and in the dream, I was killing all these people with this amazing sword that I have.


The other one was a natural 16. They take another ten points of damage.


What does he do when we’re looking at it?


Trying not to hit Yasha or Beau, I would love the bolt to go through its belly as far as it can go.


The whole time, us who were waiting have been do-si-do-ing around each other. We don't stop moving, so we're dancing in circles.


Yeah. I'll go to the store and buy some sealing wax.


So you get, I believe, 2d12 additional hit points on top of your maximum hit points.


I would like to fart. Natural 20!


Okay, that's enough, we don't have time. Ashley, you are a good and creative person, and D&D Beyond wants you to honor the good-- D&D Beyond wants to honor the goodness and creativity of the fine folks at 826LA by kicking off the 826LA charity push. (cheering)


In any way possible--


Jeez Louise, what a waste of a storm arrow.


Okay. I smash the shit out of it, in an effort to see what's underneath.


Oh, this is true.


We're going down there? Again?


Isn't that where that thing is?


It would be history and not religion?


Let's get up there.


It probably gets stuck a little bit, but then it gives me a nice little snap.


Yeah, so go over there and heal me, fucker! (all laugh)


This is assuming that we're going to survive, to be fair, so--


Halved, yep.


Oh, Brian Wayne Foster also said the Wondercon panel will be on G&S's YouTube Friday at 8PM, in case you missed it on Talks Machina.


We don't know actually know. It could be anything.


It's Keyleth that's sending us back, and she can.


I did. Yeah. That's right.


Are you suggesting we put the vortex of doom inside one of us?


Good work, Fassbender. I guess we walk him out of here.


Right. So how did they do it? Because I'm also looking at another thing that is supposedly immovable.


I don't think we can leave until we take care of this.


Okay, I will. Super a lot of focus. Skinky doodie. Thank you for this.


(whispers) Sorry, Warra, sorry. So-- I know! Did not mean to lay a hand.


One more request, before we go. Once we're long gone, you can feel free to inspect this hill where the dragon slept, and be very careful in disarming any traps that you might find there. I would ask you one favor for us: we lost a friend in this fight, a dragonborn. He's buried near here. We'll tell you where. We would like a proper tomb for him on this hill, where the dragon slept. Could you build a statue, a fine statue, a handsome statue of Tiberius Stormwind, and bury him underneath it. And on the pedestal, could you please write, "I encourage peace."


I have advantage, though.


We do. We're hoping to sample the atmosphere here. Is there entertainment? We heard there was great entertainment.


True love's kiss.


No. I'm bad at this! (groans)


Mine is plus eight.


We can't relate at all, nope.


Do you know any of his friends or his family? Have we met his family?


We would've just taken you right on.


Should I open it?


I am hiding behind the tree.


I take it, and I roll it across the floor.


How many ds of what did you roll?


I will use that Ring of Telekinesis to lift it up and take a better look at it.


(whispers) Just under 700.


It would have been 19.


You finally have some hit points.


Let's see. I am going to remain where I am.


That is also correct.


No, that's not how it works.


You are so good, you.


(laughing) We're so going.


I've got a level three. I'm going to do it at level three.


Are there many merchants with one eye?


This is the best night for Percy, ever.


That demigod does not exist in this universe.


She'll be a normal--


I know, I know, I know, that's exactly where my mind went!


I give him a little (giggle).


Finish the bottle?


We're busted up.


Extra two.


(sings) The dex of the panther--


Did it fit?


Clasp time, Clasp time.


I instantly felt guilty, dick.


(tearfully) I just thought of it five seconds ago and I'm so happy.


Does it scare you that much?


I have a gift to give to Vax! I have a gift to give.


She's got a rodent in her pocket.


Okay, a d12. I rolled a nine.


Lady.


Is this good?


Odell seemed to be a more high-ranking member of Vecna's forces.


Maybe they didn't see you.


There's a cluster of trees up ahead. We could aim for that.


Yeah, actually I do have some news to share. Avantika apparently has come across my old mentor, Vandren, before. She knew him. Apparently he carried the same sword that I have, it's called the Sword of Fathoms. Has a name. She's of the opinion that he always carried on him the sword and another one of those spheres, an eye. She asked me if I knew where the ship that I was on went down. I did recall the area and she believes that if we were to search that shipwreck we might find this third sphere. She has the ability to mess with water now, and in some of the dreams I've been having, I believe there's quite a bit more where that has come from.


Do I have enough movement to earthglide to them?


And I get super fucking wasted-- No, I'm kidding. (all laugh)


Nah, we all would have been kings and queens, we would be drinking iced mochas.


You're doing really well at perfecting your mystical voice.


He takes 2d8 damage and he is pushed 10 feet.


I already knocked it off. Thank you, Nott.


Yeah, and I had a really bad day afterward. Let me tell you. That didn't turn out too well. That's just 16 points of damage, and I don't think I get anything bonus for this, he has to make a constitution saving throw.


So we should have made him a full-fledged member today, right now?


I want to do that. If that doesn't work, I can click the boots, and I can be there in a heartbeat and run, but what do we do next?


Because she lost Holy Aura, because he fucking did all the damage.


Keyleth goes up to the red robe.


Sounds like we need a strong person.


Yeah, maybe we'll rustle up W.C., Loo, John, Crapper, Shitter, and Toilet.


While he's doing that, I'm yelling at Grog, "Grog! Throw me up over the wall! At least to the top!"


Have you always been an artist?


Ja, we're a bunch of Arschlochs, yeah, we're assholes it's fine, but I'm just saying--


I can't use two-handed weapons.


Blind belief is quite remarkable. I'm assuming you've shown them things to garner some level of expectation of your abilities?


My charisma modifier is two.


I've got Greater Restoration learned.


Um, I'm a bear right now.


Oh, I'm thinking of that. That instant death-ray.


Necrotic, divination, and evocation. So I'll try to Toll the Dead on one of the bowls, the one that is sitting on the diamond.


This is the strongest I've ever been! (all laugh)


Kynan.


As we progress, I say into my earring, Scanlan, I've seen some of the logs she's left behind. They're not small.


Yes. Realized it as I was saying it.


Yeah, Keyleth runs out and goes, who wants to go scuba-diving?


He's also not alive.


Sleeves are bullshit!


I go for that circlet that was on the war chief.


Okay. For 30 points of damage.


I go over and I smack Yasha's ass. Is that-- Wait, that's what you said, right? No, nope.


I'm going to do a (whoosh) to where they are.


Oh my gosh. There's like, there's a lot.


Can I use Uncanny Dodge to roll backward right now?


We don't do that.


Thank you. Tell the master of the house that we've arrived.


Because he doesn't like it.


Can I scoop up Vex and dash 60 feet ahead and Sunbeam him for another 60 feet?


You gotta say hello.


We're still alive!


I don't know what to do about this (laughs). This is really disturbing.


Cool, so I get a little bit more control over it now. (grunts)


Yeah, we put expansion pack spell cards in there that we can all use.


He might be looking for something, or might be making--


Thaumaturgy. I'm sorry.


I'm going to run towards the horses, where they came off to the left, and as I pass that wolf, I'm going to take a couple swipes at it.


Just saying that out loud honestly hurts me. A lot.


I wasn't going to. I was just going to give you a gift. Because the times we had together were the best times ever. You might be a little slow. But you're the best friend I ever had. And our times together were great, not because of our conversations, or our witty repartee. It was because of the fun we had together and the experiences we had. So last night, I wrote something for you. I know you can't read, but--


I go the opposite direction he starts walking. (hacking cough)


Do you need a lozenge? (all laugh)


Current Greek.


I will stay up for a little bit, yeah.


Dang it, I should've done that before we--


Well, when you say it out loud--


Are we going to text it to Ashley to read?


Okay, okay. A lot can happen in 60 seconds.


I'm like the most wicked narwhal of all time! Give me a pool! (laughs)


I'm going to Invoke Duplicity.


It'll be fine, it'll be fine, things are working.


I move to the other side of Nott.


Bring it to me!


Did you have a nice night, Little Elf Girl?


All right, all right, all right, let's call this.


Can it be a magic object?


If there's music, there could be some sort of charm effect.


I merely dispelled this to show you that earning your trust is in our best interests. I do not wish to deceive.


This is a group success or failure thing, right?


I watched him do that, and I shrug and I reach into my pack, and I throw 30 more of them.


That doesn't make any sense.


Fuck. That's a good roll, though, that's a good roll.


I'll tuck the rod into my belt.


I'll go to the middle one. I'm going to keep the ball in front of me to obscure me a little bit. Not dead in front of me, but it's up here, just in case. Hanging my head a little bit. I'll go up and say: Power! So much power! I've never experienced anything like it before! Come! I need aid!


I do not accept this.


As that was happening, the two humans in tandem said, "Wait, let them draw out their-- fuck!"


Maybe you should go up and I'll arrow one and you...


Oh god. I'm going to try to hit it with a Lightning Arrow.


He's really creepy, isn't he?


Yeah, he's frightened.


I rolled an eight. They are stone.


Look at this Lumpy! Made in England. (laughter)


Scanlan, are you experiencing a bit of cotton mouth? Maybe?


I have that ability, it lets you know exactly where the fiend is. Which of those things is the fiend?


So that we could see underwater.


Guy Lombardo.


Okay. Can I take my action to go ahead and cast Sunbeam and then hold it until I see him?


Plus Divine Strike. Once on each turn, add 2d8 of weapon damage to your damage total.


Vox Machina, may we introduce you to Arkhan?


Yeah, Delta Force.


Where were the other ones?


I'm just not going to let you see me eat it.


Just cross your fingers for me, okay?


I just need time to warm up! I'm thinking about my daughter. So I guess I hit you.


It's Valentine's Day-- I didn't... miss... (all laugh)


Exactly. It's just all loose.


Waypoint.


Can I do a nature check?


We spring forward.


Yeah, keep telling yourself that, big guy.


I think she's fucking right. How long have you been separated from these fucking assholes?


I would never. Well, that's fine because even with a-- (counting) 22 with disadvantage. (laughter)


It needs purification.


That's water under the bridge. We just don't want any new problems, yeah? And there's a lot of us here; so it would be foolish to do anything, right?


Should we take a short rest, though, before we head down to the Clasp? Because some of us have taken some hits--


You want to tell her.


Yeah, right? Since you cast it, you could break your concentration?


We're not in Emon in the market square!


I know. I just don't want to miss a shot to go into the belly of the beast with my little buddy here.


I won't do that, then, but I will watch the hole.


It's my turn? Yeah, I just keep swinging away.


Stripe on his head.


I'm going to push through the pain in my veins and reach into my satchel and smear molasses on my hand. I'm going to cast Slow on this batch here. They have to make a wisdom save against my DC.


Who was that masked man?


But we can at least assemble there, from all the different territories, and then meet up, form a plan, and then march from there.


(whispering) It's our sign!


And it's not going to slow down, it's only going to speed up.


You can add paper once you write too big, like you do? Nice.


I'll go to her, because she's awesome.


Oh, that's not a good sound.


He's so handsome, Vax.


I'm very proud of you. You need to continue until you know it by heart.


25, 31, natural 20.


Do I just hit the side of it? How do I get in?


What's that? How much further? A day's travel or more than one day until we reach our destination?


Advantage on concentration checks.


(meows)


So I have advantage on charismas.


I hold onto your mighty mane, and then him as well.


I've got a few bits. What do you need? Do you need tools?


Mom's really expensive makeup.


You want to ask the zolezzo if they mind telling some tourists about the fabled entrance to the Sluice Weave?


That sounds real pretty.


That's as white as it gets.


Your wonderful employees mentioned membership. We'd like to acquire that as well, I assume, as well.


Oh, Cutting Words counts? Then I've used four so far, and I have two more to go.


No, I've heard they're terrible. What do you do, Balgus?


He's weak.


Blight spell?


The only other announcement I have, guys, thank you all so much for helping us reach the shirt goal.


Oh yeah, I'll pop up. Cool, all right. Yeah, cool, cool, cool. Okay, hot second. Yeah, that changed what I was thinking.


Just so much.


Roll for all of us.


(gasps) You have a plus 10.


It's like an ad for Atmos Surround, you hear (ticking noises).


I assume they have both sets of parts, actually--


Did you just say that there's a fort somewhere?


I hold up the duergar's severed arm, and I curl all the fingers in and make a thumbs-up like that.


Somebody's running now. Soon as we said wires.


Well, I assume it sees me now, but I'll slowly back away.


And then the wyvern takes another, the Keen Dagger, takes another nine.


How far away are we from the entrance now?


Well, probably only creatures.


Earth clear? (laughs)


Queen of Hearts and a Ten of Hearts.


And stuff.


Also, I need to go by the Fire Ashari before we really head east-east, and they're west. So.


Nope. Nobody does. So far, so good.


We can still do that.


Nope. Headlong. (laughter)


All right, I got a question. Does anyone have booze?


This is why you don't plan, Sam! This is why we don't plan! Because plans go wrong.


What do you say, Percy? I think it's kind of funny.


We need to get to a blacksmith. Oh, we need to go somewhere that'll buy expensive-y magic-y things and somewhere that'll buy junky, shitty things.


Okay. I'm going to try to hit it with a level three Inflict Wounds.


You son of a bitch!


It's like having your high-beams on when it's foggy.


Oh, good. We've got time! That's good.


I perch on the wall.


Does she fall into the 20-foot crevasse?


Roll, sister.


What? You didn't get in?


Go with him!


(gunshot)


I go, oh, come on. I'm going to use my other ki point to do flurry of blows again, and I'm going to try and punch him in the bridge with the remainder of his teeth.


Walking and coffee.


Wasn't expecting that. The one who drew his blade-- I'm going to try and take an elbow and do a knockout crack right to his temple.


They're going to be inside, though, before we get halfway up.


Does it look like there's any windows on the tower, or is just a big old Rapunzel tower?


Let's get a fireplace and some iron and burn the shit out of our wrists, and then we're insta-Grudge Gang. Now, The Gentleman has us on a meager yearly salary, but if we were to do this for you, does that include some sort of bonus?


Caleb, where are we headed?


Is there anybody else sleeping in the room?


Way too tense, yeah, I'm too nervous to remember the three-dollar-a-month discount that you would get by signing up--


Oh man, oh man!


Would've burned us!


That's a story for another time.


Yeah, we could do the Hallucinatory Terrain, and if it fails, then I guess we won't be in any worse situation.


Tary, how tough is that armor?


Hypothetically, if he were to pass away, would the trial charges disappear with him?


Toss it.


Yeah. Once again, probably destroying their entire village, but yeah.


Rissa, you mentioned culture. Are there any libraries here in Hupperdook?


Like that yes, yes.


I'd like to have my clothes cleaned, yes.


I was really hoping to be doing something with this at some point, and giving it as a gift to a friend who could use a pick-me-up.


What? You and I, me and the tiger?


You really can't find a safer line of work?


Somebody likes their bedding apparently.


A little statue of a dog.


Oh yeah, we got a thing of marbles and a thing of ink.


Oh, shit. I think the tree is alive and not in a normal plant sort of way.


This is probably stating the obvious, but if you have not picked up on it yourself, we are kind of a pack of assholes.


That we will.


What was that number, again?


Time to die.


Hey, you there, you, ghostie, do you have any ale in this establishment?


What does that mean? Disadvantage?


There might be some pictures.


From the cabin to Vasselheim?


Can we see any of the damage? Is there any smoke rising from the house yet?


No, not yet. Is he okay? Did he live? Did everyone live?


(counting) Can I get two more d6s from you?


Just knock him prone.


Sure. Yeah.


Ja?


Let me remember them all.


Big money, no whammies!


He was just going to get us to the outskirts. That was always the plan.


I am quite sure. Did I stutter?


Yes, yes. Here's our gold.


Are you calling for the fucking werewolves?


That's new for me.


We crash into each other and get stuck. Ah, let me go!


With the fish people.


A first Impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) based on first impressions. Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people’s inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


You've got a d4 on saves also. Dex save?


Boy, let me tell you what I had for lunch today.


Actually, I'll be behind Beau.


No! No, no, no! I--


I don't answer. No, I'm just kidding.


It’s not about the plan, it’s about the desire to improvise.


What time of day is it? How tired are we?


It's a 30-foot radius!


I think we should try and be as sneaky as possible. If for some reason shit hits the fan, I can make a pretty, I think, spectacular distraction that doesn't put me or us at risk. But I think we should try stealth first.


Punchout? Contra? Operation Wolf?


I'm holding.


Everybody wait, wait, wait, wait. Everybody please walk up the stairs ten feet, please.


It was 24.


My powers are getting stronger.


14, plus six lightning damage. Oh wait, you know what? Should I single out the lightning damage or say what all the damage is?


Good idea, Grog.


But first I'd like to suggest a mantra. I don't know if you've ever tried it. It helps for me, it has in the past. Fuck your dad. That's one--


Sup dice? He really wrote sup dice.


What the fuck, why can't I feel my hand? What did you do?


Oh, that's nearly nothing. I'm worth far more than that.


I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in. Is it a separate perception check for the inside of the cave as well?


I use my Mage Hand to help.


Guys, no shit, I just installed it yesterday on my home computer. It's currently backing up right now. It's an online file backup system for all your stuff. Your documents, your media, your Critical Role fanart, your videos of Scanlan singing things. There's no gimmicks or additional charges, it's just five dollars a month, and! You don't want to go to Backblaze.com, you want to go to backblaze.com/criticalrole, where you can get a fully-featured 15-day trial.


It's okay. Good start.


It was a nice carpet.


He does whatever I say. He bats his little one-ounce owl eyes at Avantika.


Do you need anything, drinks?


Is Trinket comfortable with this?


19 on the first one.


You should name the sword Number Two. (laughter)


You can't smell it.


That was fun.


We run for it and we get the table first.


Tomorrow at midnight, we're going to see what it is they want to do, and if the money's right and if it's not stupid.


The whole kit and caboodle is visible from here?


With your staff, yeah?


You have this thing inside of you, is your goal to get rid of the thing inside of you, to commune with it, to bow down and serve this monster?


You think? He'll just like tear into the night and maybe not come back until the sun comes up?


Do you have a lozenge?


Right, okay. It's going to count even though it slipped out of my hand. It's eight.


Dungeons and Dragons!


I can make a couple of you invisible. Keyleth, do you want to make anybody invisible?


But I get to practice my Gnome.


Fight, fight, fight!


Yes, he's pulled me out of what literally felt like the depths of hell, so I owe him my life. I will continue to serve him and do as he asks, whenever he asks.


Are you doing anything?


I just want to see if I sense anything around.


A one, a two, and a three were the first three rolls.


Just make it? Okay. And I just want to--


No, that's right, you're right. So that is a--


I wonder if its apple grew as big as the actual tree. If it fell, you'd be doomed.


I can do it once a round.


I'm sure you can understand our situation. We have already done that exact thing! We wouldn't waste your time with such rudimentary worries, but–


(whispered) Lemonade.


How many fucking pastries did they take?


Would be nice to see his face when you ask the question, you know what I mean?


We didn't know anything about her.


19, yeah.


Pull out the Morgan Freeman voice. We love it.


I think that you need to know where you've been to know where you're going and I respect your feelings--


I have to live with this for the rest of my life.


Can I use-- oh shit. I'm going shitballs, shit.


And you sing us a song. On the stage.


So that's what's up ahead?


Should I Bigby the other?


We have, hold on... gotta go away for a minute.


Fuck yeah. Please.


They're in a different campaign.


Save the day, Scanny.


We are going on a witch hunt. We can't go over it, we can't go under it.


I'm just going to hide. I'm not going to be a hero.


I hand it to Caleb. You need this more than all of us. You're the squishiest.


Why I love advantage.


Do you have a lot of knowledge for the gods and religions of the world?


I want to also double-check, who was it that handed off the letter to the Briarwoods?


We want the numbers, though.


There's no way I can just-- is there?


Roamers of shadows?


Just those three, right?


As soon as the cube comes out  can I talk to you, do you mind stepping away?


Why? We have the Gate Stone. Ethereal will take me down toward the thing. I wait by it, pop back into material, pick it up, Gate Stone back--


I step on the branch that creaked like I'm angry at it.


And he is walking between-- behind me and Percy. Yeah.


Okay. Pike! Scanlan! (whimpering) Okay, okay, okay. This happened before, right? I should be smart. I'm going to take out the cask of ale and pour a little ale into a tankard and I'm going to use the Amulet of the Drunkard to heal 2d4 plus two.


I don't think any of us did. Can we return back to your hometown ever again after that?


Do I have anything to toss him through that thing?


Six necklaces.


I start running. Am I within 30 feet? It's hard to tell from here.


Is it a long trek from there to the city?


Seven damage.


Did you handle what you needed to handle?


Seven, together.


You don't know. Bet it's been a while since he's had some of that.


No, we're seeing if it's open.


You can charge them off if you want.


It's all right, he can't die. It's cool. We're all right.


I would do that for you.


Well, listen. I am all for putting Vera in a bad light, right? Avantika is going to want to know who did this. Yeah, Tiff. Old Tiff Fanny. Might as well put it on her, right?


We're all going in there, anyway.


Mr. Mercer, we pulled you over for speeding tonight. (different voice) No, I wasn't speeding tonight. The pit fiend was speeding.


I'm great. Well, not really, but I'm just going to pretend I'm happy so that everybody can be okay. (laughter)


I'm going to cast the thing on him.


The mustache is up.


No one's learned anything of value.


As we travel, I'm going to try to make acid. Probably not a great idea, but I'm going to--


Let me get it--


The magic is not that strong.


I'm a little confused at your implication as well.


Who? Is that a friend of yours?


Hopping on behind my sister.


She's not going to.


I'm going to use Luck on that roll.


I'm going to pick up the bottom half of that, and I'm going to examine, immediately, what I've got.


Does Trinket get an attack of opportunity for that?


Oh shit, girl!


Two hits, so that's--


You wanted to.


(apprehensive sound)


We should still go.


Did they?


Mighty Nein, I want you to kick some fucking ass!


50 feet?


Malkaoriji!


It can be.


Whichever one we catch the eye of first.


I know where my money is going at the end of the evening.


Can I snuggle between his legs and maybe he'll forget I'm there?


Okay, I will add my bardic inspiration. I will sing to her. (singing) Something in the way I wink, inspires you like no other gnome can. Something makes you stop and think, how did he get so handsome? How did he get so suave?


You could just wait it out.


Where's Grog at?


We know you and her helped seal away the chaos of these secrets before. We may need your help doing it again.


This is just the stupidest. We're sticking to the middle.


I made a 23.


What? None of us knew that!


Does my speed translate to going up things as well?


You saw a drow creature from Xhorhas? You saw a crick?


Sure, I guess I'm taking this ride too.


Could I insight check her? I feel like she's lying through her teeth. (laughter)


Did we say that already?


Yeah, we could have done that ages ago.


I feel like I should have had a-- Oh well, that's fine.


I guess that's all I'll do. I don't know what else to do! I-- You know what, I'm going to-- Fuck it! I'm going to cast Message and tell Caleb, go! I'm going to go, hey fucktards, over here! and I'm going to just draw their attention.


Tell me!


I'm Beau. Some call me Tracy.


Where does Shakäste?


No! No, no, no, we got an amazing deal.


I want to be on you so bad.


No, and cast Greater Restoration on Kima?


What are your hit points this time?


I run down, I grab Caleb, and we run out the back door.


I think there's already some work that can be checked, if that speeds it up. I mean, that should be--


And then I pour a little bit of the Tear Whiskey. Of the Green Tear.


Oh, yeah, the walk around is important.


It's your birthright.


Is that a 9th-level spell?


She was on the boat, Beau.


It can't.


I didn't know he was going to dispel it!


Thanks, Dad.


Are we taking the cart? Or just going on foot?


No, it's much worse!


No, I'm not superstitious at all.


Second attack is 17.


72.


I can cast it, because I shouldn't speak here.


Yes, and did you two want to get anything?


Yep, indeed.


Okay, you mentioned that a few were coming over and looking over at the edge of the pit. Are there still a few more at the edge of the pit?


It's too late, I'm already ready for it. All right.


Oh, all of us?


Even though I'm still a dwarf, though.


It's ornamental.


I just want to go talk to the Lord of the Crossroads!


No, this is our fantasy land, man.


For melee? Melee hits? I got one on him.


Have we slept after our spider bite?


With her bonus action, she will rage and she will make two attacks with the Magician's Judge.


Oh. Thanks. I'm now... yeah. I'm going to die today, thank you. (laughter)


Where's a fucking place we can have a stupid feast?


We're at a break!


Will you train me to be your first mate?


Sweet, that does not hit.


It didn't work? Okay, never mind.


Well, we were down there, and there was horrible, creepy things.


I'm in there. I go up there, too.


Probably? Probably.


My apologies. I am Tiberius Stormwind-- yes, wind.


Not if she's busy dying from both ends.


Allura, it's a long story. Lot of deurgar, lot of mindflayer, lot of mindflayers, and an evil god?


(singing) I believe I can touch-- (speaking) What does he touch?


It's cocked. It's leaning up against the side.


(slurring) We're good.


No. I was the last one left.


I'm going to go wake him up. He's been sleeping in. Asshole.


Where's investigation? That's an 18.


Maybe scout and then go back. Because mist form stays for eight hours, so at least that way we can communicate not next to Vorugal.


While that happened, I would like to investigate the part of the room that I can see. Is there anything dangerous or hinky?


Investigation?


I have a dog that's peeing on shit.


Can I climb up to where it was and see if it left anything behind?


And 28.


I can top that. I got a six.


Hasn't it, Fjord?


It has all the art on it -


You don't get a crown, you get a cloak-y thing with a medallion piece.


Oh, no, I mean--


Is it echolocation only?


Well, I thought she may kill me at that point. I was honestly fearing for my life there a little bit, and at that point everything was so awkward.


If you minions would like to buy the purple stone with your allowance--


Thanks, Deuce.


There from you.


I'm at 32.


Thunder Step? What's Thunder Step?


Is there any type of history on families of Wildemount, or any type of underground trade going on? Family trees? Connections?


I'll go ahead and take care of that wyvern that's next to me.


Just my modifier?


Yeah, I didn't think so. We stick together.


Mine’s dead and yours is dead.


And then I take them outside to get some fresh air before I overwhelm them with knowledge.


Maybe he's the Allfather. Is that what he's called?


Yeah, that one in the back.


Did you really?


And-- all right. Who's whales, who's riders?


Yes. Tell them we want cookies and milk for sure.


Tell us about your patron, Fjord. (laughter)


But one of us does not look concerned.


All right, I'll do my best.


Do that thing again. You can tell when stuff's around.


I walk over to Caduceus.


She's better off.


Well, maybe we should have Pike cleanse his blood so he won't come back after he dies.


Beau could use it, right?


They're lizard eggs, aren't they?


Nobody else is concerned about the commotion that happened behind the trees, and we're all just like "Hi." What happened?


Ten plus ten minus two is 18.


(makes weird noise)


Right, he was also Chains in Payday, which is what everyone has been now shouting at us through Twitter.


No, he's just inside.


Just a big.


Oh, they're gone then because Enlarge, Reduce.


Very filthy.


I have it in my bag.


You are correct.


Are you in melee with that thing?


I'm tired from reading.


I'm watching everything unfold. I see my sister roll up. I hold.


Do we want this book to travel to hell?


16, 19. Yeah, let's blow another. What else are we going to do for the day?


Plus one. 29.


Heal him so much. Does Trinket get... oh, he does get hit dice.


I think that we're hidden away in case things go bad with the crownsguard. After that then they're on their own, I think.


Shit. I want to do so much other than try to hang onto the floor at this point. Shit. I guess he'll inspire himself.


In the front. Then we're going to try to sneak--


Are you making sure nothing's invisible in there?


It's an itty-bitty Doty.


"I will inch away from the Kima-hole."


Freedom of Movement would not have.


15 with disadvantage.


I will, with my bonus action, cast Hexblade's Curse on this merrow, the one that's in the middle, and I will fire two Eldritch Blasts at it.


That's a really good point.


Marked?


Big swollen hand, fucking fat veins on the back of the hand.


I didn't look in on Tary.


Mizzenmast, mainmast, foremast, I got it, ha ha ha! [cheering]


I just woke up, I don't actually know what's going on right now.


Then the giant will wake up. If we hit the giants-- does he look almost dead?


There once was a gnome from Emon, who sang a scandalous song, the ladies would swoon, at his rather large tune, and say "My, it's impossibly long." (laughter)


Do you need some breakfast or ale?


I'm going to stay up and keep an eye on the doors when they go into their rooms and make sure they actually stay-- actually, no, I'm going to go find Jareth.


I can drive that.


Trick shot to blow him out of the room, Let's... Let's... Yeah, no, I'm not adding a sharpshooter for that, fuck that. First shot. Oh god, I'm nervous. (high pitched voice) That'll do. It's 22.


Thanks, you know, I'm going to get some dresses made, it's no big deal. Imma be so classy.


Before we go any further, what do I roll if I want to find out if Horace really does like surprises? I'm not kidding.


Do you even know who your brothers and sisters are?


I have thoughts, I'm going to follow them through, and it may require some experimentation in the future, but I think perhaps--


Sorry, full damage. Full damage.


No, that means he's disintegrated.


As they do that, I'm like, you said dragon!


So just to be clear, the winners are not going to be announced next week. It's the week after.


Be like, we're going to tunnel in this one now, so move.


So centuries of people in Whitestone will remember their mascot, Trinket.


Unarmed strike! 14? No, 15.


I'll join everyone else. I flick off the guy on my way back in.


That's a good movie!


Do you think he would have been happy with work? I'm not even happy that he told him to go off and continue training. I think telling him to go off and continue training is a bad idea.


Speed is halved.


(sings) You got the touch! You got the power!


Just a little walk around, just to get a sense of the place.


Yes, it could've.


We're always impressed by how much water comes out of you.


You can give them a medal!


I, after four lovely years, popped the question last week.


Or an employee discount?


Pike!


I would like to shoot.


No, you blot out the sun everywhere you go, Caleb.


Guys, it’s Larkin.


Look, your god is here to help us.


In a graveyard.


First one, reckless, all three reckless, the first two normal, maybe the third Great Weapon Master, we'll see. 21.


(whispering) I poke Beau.


It's gone? Did it fly away?


But it's not sneak, right?


None I care to speak of.


All right. We'll do choreography to the right and left, and you two be in the middle and just freestyle.


We were extra special.


She's keeping us in suspense.


Give me a staff and I'll be Gandalf.


Ooh, natural 20.


He's our Solon.


He rolled a three.


He's in the fields.


Don't judge it until you try it.


And I run!


Yeah, you blanked out there for a second.


He's got a distance weapon anyway, there's really no such thing as a bad--


(nervous laughter) Okay then, it's only 120-foot range, right? With a longbow?


Want to jump on and do a scouting pass?


I want to keep raising up so I can get a better view of what's happening.


And jump in front of him, between him and-- not Greenbeard, between Grog and everyone over there.


What side is this? On the ceiling?


He's covered.


My favored enemies are dragons and demons.


Get out of the thing, go away. Okay, okay, okay. Oh shit.


So far we've learned today that Fjord sounds like this: (goofy chuckling)


It's weird being back, you guys.


I mean, that's scary, a big bear. Especially if these guys are on the sea. They don't see bears very often.


Go, go, go!


Which direction? Point to it.


History or-- or arcane?


Yes, and you have an entrapment arrow now.


I'm also probably going to do a ranged spell.


Pillaged. Pillaged is a good word. The rumors were not incorrect but--


Well, I've resigned myself to the thought that it's entirely possible that someone will.


Oh, Jesus (laughs)


Let's find a nice mix of not-too-wide and not-too-rapidy. Not too fast.


Got one guy left.


(whispers) Okay, so--


I may run to try and quietly by myself grab a few things from the library that we may need for the next Vestiges.


No, but not, no.


No they're not. That's very fair. In that case, I'm going to just do a sharpshooter shot and see how this goes.


I will see you again. And I will tell your mother that you say hello.


The name of the ship.


We have wine. We have a lot of wine. Some of it is quite good.


I appreciate your passion. I don't think you're in great favor in this room, at the moment. You see that really tall woman over there with that big greatsword on her back? She doesn't appreciate when people talk to us like that.


This is hunger talking.


We've been opening doors for him all night.


Keep going.


It's a 60-foot cone there that I have. It's a big cone.


Just fucking let me out of this.


All right, so we're all peasants.


I turn to Mollymauk and say  Yeah, the only thing magical here is you, friend. Pat pat on the cheek. I wander back over to Beauregard, and I go to sleep again.


Keyleth just gets a nosebleed, and she's not sure why.


Plug! Sorry.


(singing) Kumbaya Dashilla, Dashilla with claws that grasp.


Yeah, we could get piled on.


Trying to charm you, man.


Yeah, before she went in, yeah yeah yeah.


Yeah, can you feel it in your little bits rumbling? They're all going to sleep forever.


As long as you get out of it.


What happened with the Baumbauchs?


(sings "Hammer Time")


Okay, let's go to the treasury. We should go victory shopping.


Oh! It was saying that we have similar goals and that the witch must die. The lich is Vecna. Lich. The lich. It's very emphatic about the lich, meaning Vecna, and it's going to die.


Offer it tenure.


That's true, you could piggyback.


Get weird, Taliesin, get weird!


(yelling)


Pick carefully.


Are you feeling all right?


I was asleep for most of the ship ride. I was pretty sick.


Good. We'll nap it up.


Put your alarm around the cart! You do it all the time!


Are there any masks that look like tiger masks?


All right, I know sometimes I can seem like I'm an idiot, but let me do the talking, yeah? And then I start down and lead the way.


Too late. No take-backs.


I've got the other two?


And I use a bonus action for an offhand attack. And I got a critical on it. I rolled a 20.


Does he see us?


(sings) It's a circle of trees.


You gotta look in the camera.


Whoa. That's cocked. Ooh.


Thank you, chat room!


It was all written in what, in--?


Do we have credentials? Do we have like, badges? Like beep-beep?


I actually did step, I kind of did hurt Liam one game. Or Vax.


Creepiest character in the Marvel universe.


22 with the second one.


It's badass.


Yeah, Mikandii, Ameera, just a couple. Lloyd. I'm not going to do everyone justice, and I'm going to take pictures of this. Every single picture in here. I opened this up for the first time an hour before the show and was openly weeping, like Liam O'Brien is wont to do. Charlotte. There's one more that I want to find that I really like. That one's really good too. I'll take pictures of all of them, but I can't tell you how much this meant to me and obviously to all them seeing it for the first time. Thank you. We have the best audience on planet Earth, bar none. Legitimately, thank you. Really, really, thank you. I'm looking at the wrong camera. Amazing.


It didn't feel very good, did it?


And hey, I don't know if you know the Schusters at all, but if you see a family walking around, little bird child, maybe watch over them for us.


We're pretty ragtag, but they're both very good at what they do.


Okay. I've got you.


Where did you get them? Did you buy them?


Yeah, where is Caleb?


While I'm doing this, I'm going to be like: Frumpkin, help! Okay, 19?


What were their names? Ace and Base?


Is that giving something away? I feel like we gave spoilers.


Grog would just go (sneezes).


I feel like this guy's special, too.


I can view, but I can't give commands. But I said to go in, so it's up to you what--


And I say, look, we're going to be gone for 30 days. We have a visitor here. Make sure nothing or no one brings him any harm. (laughter)


I'm going to search the bottom of it.


Wait! I want to use my last Luck to make him roll again. Which I can do.


Oh, like I was saying. Well, shit.


Play it out.


14 points up for you. 14 points up for him.


Let me-- can I grab this cage and put it between-- this cage is just sitting out, got to do something. Can I throw the cage at that guy who's standing there? He's there, right?


I guess I'll start with her, then the ghasts. I'm going to assassinate this woman. Hopefully. Flick-flick on her.


Are the guards in here with us?


Go downstairs, Grog!


So I'm going before him, and it's a surprise attack because I'm hidden and I'm going first--


Well, then we should find out now and kill the shit out of her.


We've done this before. I'm well-versed.


This is really good stuff. And then I want to run over to-- is there a big statue of the Platinum Dragon?


Yeah, just like heart attack. Just from getting so excited, I guess.


I need to see it.


(laughs) He winked at me!


No, don't say that there's anybody that they need to watch out for. Don't set them on alert! No, tell them you found something interesting and Odell is investigating it.


Okay, 20 total.


Dragon might know we're here.


I'm gonna very, very carefully. And I'm at disadvantage with this?


No, I don't want to do that. That was really sad.


You'll find out when that guy gets to his room. (all laugh)


Uh, 11.


But me hitting it doesn't un-blind someone else, does it?


Or a soldier, and I give him 15 gold and I say, for the love of god, find me a fucking beret.


Oh, would you like to see?


I think that hits.


Thed.


Last thing we want is to take the fall for these assholes, whoever they are.


I'm going to turn my chin over to the left, and see what I see down there.


That seems like a really good use.


Air force?


You could sing.


Planned at dawn.


And what do you think? What do you judge on us?


Against AC?


Sex and history.


I have a question. My 11 points of permanently lowered hit points from the necrotic damage, can that be healed with a potion of greater healing?


Whoa! You have two of those?


Yes, I'm going to fucking take that attack of opportunity. That's an 18!


Bitter enemies. This was a disaster.


Go underground!


Bare-bones. I like it.


Calm down, Grog! Calm your tits, Grog!


She's doing it physically.


And then, I just want to take a minute, I said thank you on Twitter, but I just want to thank everybody who for the last week has sent me well-wishes and today who has sent me well-wishes, and a lot of the Critter community got together and made a video just to, you know, just support, support me in-- I am having a hard moment in my personal life, not gonna get into it, but you guys kind of took my breath away today for real. So, thank you very much.


Oh, it is!


Gallan.


You could Skywrite right now, as soon as we decide to start moving.


Grog, would you--


There was gold in there. I would like you to have it. It's more than I had before. Here is 100 gold were on those people, so you take it because I know that you need money.


Should I give it a little light, or no?


Enough to where it's fun.


I pull Chod, Chard, Chode...


Oh, the gnolls are next.


Sorry. No, that's not your mother's name.


We watched Jurassic World and Suicide Squad.


That is not what I heard at all.


That's about it, huh?


Hey guys, let's steal a boat. It'll be so much fun. [laughter]


Sleeping in the sand pit.


Don't mess with the magic.


42 points of damage. Of fire damage. 42 points, and that's with 5 points of fire damage. 42 points.


No, I don't think we could. I'm doing pretty good, actually. I'm ahead of schedule.


Yeah, he's got to die.


Okay. 11d6, yes. Okay. That's only 42.


So I hold up the helmet of the death knight and the head of Delilah, and drop them down into the crack in front of them. And I guess I'm going to try to throw a javelin.


Would I have seen fireworks before in Nicodranas?


No, I'm trying to figure out if I were to look at a couple of pages at once from three different books--


Next time.


I didn't do one.


It'll be fine. We'll explain it on the way.


I did in the last turn. It's still out.


We have some friends that are currently interred here for financial troubles? Nothing dangerous, nothing violent. We were wondering if we could make a deal for maybe some leniency. If that's possible.


Do I-- Fuck, but that doesn't give me--


Yes, but the healing potion might do something. Let's just keep going. You are a very kind soul.


Percival! Take this down..


You succeeded, but you didn't even know I tried.


Artagan.


Well, I first take out the silver thread and I cross it across the door and if there's any windows there, I do the same and allow for Nott to enter and leave. Then I draw patterns along the floor that spread up onto the table as well and back down onto the floor. I squat with my book since I am tapped and I begin to bring back my cat. An hour and ten minutes later, I don't know if they're asleep or not, I have this cat named Frumpkin and I wear him like a scarf.


Where you at?


I healed up to 168.


Can I make it over to the black knight?


I'd like to try to cast a memory spell on it, if possible.


No? 60/40.


Percy's very smart.


I'm technically right here, right now. I'm on the second level. Next to Pike.


Get out your buyer's guide.


(high voice) All right, next round.


Right. I'm casting Tree Stride because it's a concentration that lasts a minute.


They're dudes in armor. They're lackeys.


Are you making this up?


I even gave willingly.


For all the work that Beau did. (laughter)


I'm there, you're there.


No, we're going to try to check out what it looks like. See what the guards are like.


Me? Oh? Can I go into a rage?


Where to in Vasselheim?


All right, so for those of you who speak Dwarven, this is a really offensive curse word in Dwarven. And this one is an even more offensive curse word in Dwarven. You don't say these in friendly company. He's got a scar that runs down across his face. And the eye that it runs through is black. And his other eye is blue. And you can see that he's got Dwarven script written in tattoos all the way down his right arm.


I poured a whole glass in there and it looks like nothing!


He's tired!


Don't negative anything. It was a good joke. (all laugh)


Did they say they had more jobs for us to do?


But then it won't work!


I did enough voices for Fallout  New Vegas.


Or as long as Matt doesn't kill us all.


That's all I heard!


Oh, shit. Okay, we have to keep them from being dead.


You know the blanket in Lord of the Rings?


The rapier.


Ain't no hollaback gnome.


Okay, so it maintains it. I forgot to cast Hex, but god damn it. That's fine. So, taking my shot...


Maybe if-- we should try to get out of here, but maybe if we can frigging hurt that brain it'll stun them or send them reeling or something, or make them mad.


Yes. Only five of them have names. We never came up with a name for the sixth horse.


Ah! It's a ballad, but okay. Sure. (laughter)


You fall a lot.


But if it's platinum, it'll help.


Is there any earth around?


And then we jump out.


There was no heart on the ground


(incredulously) I take what?


Ripley!


Okay. I'm going to scoop some of the water with my mask, pull the mask off, scoop water, and try and toss it at the flame that's right next to me. That's my move.


Yeah, who are fluent in these languages.


And I shoot in that direction.


Look at you! When it comes to battle, he knows things.


There is a drawing there.


I'm okay with this.


Is this how we're supposed to eat in the house of Darrington, Tary?


I grab Yasha behind on the small of her back. I walk her up to the window, and I'm like: Yeah, and there's actually a really great view--


