Yeah, maybe I'll put my hand on you?


16 wisdom save.


Just to knock him out?


This is not how I pictured it.


Why don't you protect the clerics?


Cool, yeah, no, it has been-- (laughter)


Wisdom ability checks, thank you.


Birth! Death! Sex. Birth, death, some disappointment. I am just gone. I'm running back and forth, finding whatever interesting spine I can. Are they all in Celestial?


Okay. Sorry, guys! I don't know what's going on.


Aww, Jessie...


It's called Sigil Boost.


Caleb starts speaking in Zemnian  What are we doing? What are you talking about? This seems rude to me! What is going on?


If that is your real name.


What were you guys doing?


Slick and moist.


Oh yeah. The little bamboo ones. Those are great.


We've gone through a lot tonight, so maybe we'll leave you to your peace. You need to process some things, and then in the morning we'll go not-murder this guy.


Ah, it's adorable.


This is a death trap. This is a fucking death trap.


Yeah, do I spot anything? Here comes the roll.


Wyvern guard.


Shoot the damn eye!


I could get up there.


No! Nine points of damage.


You hurt feelings.


They come in packs?


Hut hut!


Sidebar. Do we have all the Vestiges that the sphinx told us about?


I get to attack. I've been holding.


My mouth is watering.


Yes, I did!


I really don't care, we're just delivering a parcel.


Should we go home?


Ulara. (giggles)


Babenon?


Does it look like there's any light on under the door?


Stay safe as well. Thank you.


You can see it!


All right, we go!


We're swimming naked while my brother is dying. No big.


What if the giant orb has to reach the crystals?


Oh my god, thank god.


Talk to his tics. Does he have tics?


I'll hold a throwing star.


No no no, we're on the mountain.


I can make you a fly.


Sorry. Natural 20 again. (cheering)


Are you low?


Where would that move him towards?


You were part of this too!


Caleb knows everything about magic. He's been even teaching me some. He's real good. You should see him--


No good. No bueno.


Do you go out to this volcano often? Lovely.


Do we have to say a magic word?


Oh yeah! Sure, I'll take a bite.


To make sure he's, like, alive?


Yes, you may.


Yeah, we're going to go to the warehouse that's on the edge of the district.


Pretty calm fight music, Matt.


He's immune to fear.


We saw it.


The designs of the guns are out of the question. That doesn't mean there aren't things on the table.


I'll talk to him, and see maybe if... I don't know, I'm gonna check out the sword and see if maybe--


Why are you pointing it at Reggie?


It's Hotis, it's Hotis, it's Hotis, it's Hotis!


I promptly rip the fuck out of my bill.


I'm too tired to be upset about it.


We're heading to the portal, Tiberius is working on something. We can get there faster! I'll be back soon.


I think you'll just, like, hit a wall.


Oh, I forgot she's unconscious, too.


It's okay, you can keep practicing.


We're fighting already?


You don't even feel that?


It could also hurt Grog if he's touching it if it's that hot.


Jester took a full 27?


Okay, I see Fjord down there. Is it conceivable that he's fairly distracted with this, and he's not paying that much attention to me?


We would have to leave you here.


It's very impotent?


With an r, or with an h?


I'm going to sit and try and get my gun working again--


I killed something!


This is some heavy shit.


Well, it's going to scald the bejeezus out of your hands if I--


Exercise your kegels.


Suck it, elf.


I'm not a hero. That's not what they did. It's more like a vigilante! Like what we said! Yeah!


What kind of a faction of monks?


-- I'm gonna Alter Self.


Trying to convince an entire army of illithid to follow you?


Okay, then yeah. 18.


I'm going to-- I don't know what to do.


Do you guys want to run?


But Fjord's right next to him.


Should we divide up the money?


Oh. Down the grade, I mean.


I love my mom so much.


It gives me the heebie jeebies.


Just a straight unarmed, right?


All I can do is move forward and Sacred Flame the priest.


And the phone came out.


You got ass-tongue.


Yeah, I'll suck them all up.


Man, I need to organize my notes better. Got it all written down somewhere.


I thought she was the one that he--


He rolled a 20, I rolled a 15.


Yes, we are.


Can I try and grab it?


Anyone within ten feet of the outside gets 5d8?


This is so nerve-wracking. (counting) 25 on the lightning arrow.


It's a card building game.


I'd rather you do it with this broom, actually. And not in any weird way, just to be able to help me make the broom fly. Do you know how to do that?


Hey! Oh, 26.


Don't make me any dumber.


12 points of lightning damage.


I feel your pain.


Odell is still down there. He needs some help. I'm going to go talk to Vec while they go help Ode. Right? I'm going to put on my Hat of Disguise and become as close to that man's form as I can. Wait, was he a human? Was he an elf?


We chased after it, right?


(sharp inhale) We just got good.


Over here, Kashaw!


I don't want to steal anything either.


(whispering) He's got so much good stuff, he doesn't know what to do.


Do we want to use these?


Well. I don't believe I've ever seen a group of people more in need of a good time in my entire life. Mollymauk Tealeaf of the Fletching and Moondrop Traveling Carnival of Curiosities. If there was ever a group of people that needed a good time to go out, have a laugh, see things that you have never seen before, and my god, take my word for it, one month's time, people will be buying your ale to hear the tale of what you saw at the Traveling Carnival of Curiosities this night.


But I don't underst-- (groans) (laughter)


Did I get them into the cell?


Oh, god, I don't know any of this, do I? Okay. Yeah, sure, okay, apparently.


Is it near Xhorhas?


Keyleth, I have total faith in you.


Tail strike. Two. Ten. Nothing.


Seven foot? Frumpkin's on top of the wall. What do I see?


You did give it away.


Thank you. Thank you for your risk. Yes, you were foolish, but thank you.


What all's in there? You have the--


I am up to speed.


I'm unpredictable.


Resistance to a beating?


Hey, I'm left-handed.


Scanlan, you go one way, and we'll go the other.


Natural 20. Do I have to roll with disadvantage, is this dex or intelligence?


Don't. (all laugh)


Should we try to do a distraction?


He's grappled and he's now prone. But I'm going to do my 1d10 damage.


This is such a bad experience on every conceivable level. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to run up to that jerk with the knives and I am going to press my left hand with great authority, especially considering I've just taken another bolt of intense electricity, and I am going to Iron Man the living-- on the head. I'm going to just do it.


I respect a woman who can handle her business on her own personal time.


Vax. Is that what's going to happen when you leave?


We don't actually believe that he will listen to sense.


Higher.


I'm okay with that.


They're going to know that we're not. They know we're not zombies.


Six total.


We want to wear it down a bit before we go in for the attack. We want it to be breathing heavily.


He knows we're coming.


I was wondering how empty that cup is.


All right, so let's review our options, shall we?


I'm looking for somewhere that I can put a hole in it, hide the jewels in there, and then Mend it so that it won't look like anything ever touched it. But I'll know where they are.


Can I get up there?


Nine, 13, 26. 42 points of damage.


Fail, but I'm going to use my Stone's Endurance to further--


That's the correct response.


Then as she starts as the combat's going, she's going to be like: Come on, let's kill these things. You start seeing a little bit of-- becomes a bit more draconic.


Wait, I'm going to use another Luck and make him roll again and pick the lower of the two.


That's what I'm doing. Laura discovered this last week.


Oh, nine, 14!


(panting) I'm going to turn to this guy and I'm going to lay into him.


I start eating while sitting on the broom.


1d-what? Two?


See? No one knew anything about him. That means, prime candidate, someone's little experiment. Little Frankenstein. I'm telling you.


Mansion. Right now.


Just going off what you said.


Did we see a pyramid when we were in Wildmount? When we went there?


Maybe just don't use them anymore.


Well, because he was different and had a different life plan and because he became a cleric and was the first of-- I don't know how far back. I don't even know.


The crownsguard.


I pocket it.


You're going in.


Yes. What? Yes, of course.


I don't think they had gotten that far yet.


All right. Uh, 16.


Why did you turn that guy into a zombie?


Brick bray, yes! One more. One more. To get stoned and to get stoned. It's bake blaze. Anyway, Bakeblaze is an unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs. It can backup fanart, fanfic, music, photos, videos, drawings, documents, all of your data. You can restore by mail. If you crash, they'll send you a hard drive. It's amazing. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole. (cheering)


How excited we were.


We are going to the window. We are going to the window.


He left!


It was really awesome when the-- (cheering)


Mighty Nein, roll out!


Glad you guys are keeping track.


Do I? "The poo cloud."


Sustained.


Ooh. Can you Stone Shape something for me? I would like to have Keyleth Stone Shape and use one dragon scale, if you would be so kind. Or, actually, one tooth if that would be all right.


Maybe I just wanna grab the bag.


We also have strong connections to Whitestone.


You're actually in for-- this is a treat. The sunsets are gorgeous here.


Wait, wait for the inspiration.


I offer him a sip from the cask of ale.


I took a flying potion to get out of the acid.


I'll catch up with you.


Just me?


Who all's stone, it's Tiberius and Kima? Okay.


Wait, what is it, what are you doing? Dispel? You can do Dispel?


A magical shelter?


Yeah, it's real bad. I have to leave because I feel like I might toss.


I'm going to start backing up, shaking my head. You people are fucked up!


Just on a whim do you want to try to dispel the enchantment the way you did--


Your people.


Uh... My friend was a slave. Was enslaved by them... By the Shepherds. So?


Yeah, roleplay for three minutes, Taliesin.


Sure, I'll note that Trinket is coming as well, even though it's a fucking given.


That was a legendary action? That's right. I don't want any of it!


Every month, we're going to have a new special limited-edition Critical Role shirt going up on Teespring, but we're also launching a merch store in June that will have lots of different Critical Role shirts, so you'll have many options to choose from, and those will be shirts that live on forever, but the shirts that we sell on Teespring will be limited edition. You'll only be able to have them within two weeks.


The day before we left to kill the white dragon.


Death Ward is activated?


No incursions, no security problems?


Don't say that again!


Are there actually enough albino Ravenites that we would stick out, or is that a common color?


That literally made the dungeon master laugh, so I don't know if that's necessarily--


As we're in there, do we notice anyone with any large scars walking around?


Wait, hang on. No, I'm doing the perimeter. I did think about this, which is why I didn't attack the guy in the house.


At me? But I could've hidden or something.


Yes, we should go around.


Additional or temporary?


The scabbard, yeah.


No, sorry, that's the name of the bow, the bow is in it, named Fenthras, and it might be a really sick tree. Can you tell me where there's a really sick tree, maybe in the Feywild?


Me neither.


Oh wait, that was Dwarvish? Inconschmenience.


No anesthetic. (laughter)


Can I help hide? I'll help her a little bit.


Turkey legs.


But sometimes you can choose a card that will do very bad things.


Yeah, maybe we should get out of here.


I like that we're looking like we can see.


Also leave one gift for us before you go. Because you're living.


What did it say?


I think we should talk to the locals before we do anything else.


Still? It's still-- oh right, it's towards a mountain.


Seeker!


I can't move my eyes or anything or turn on my anti-magic?


Kiss or kill.


Nope, that's fine. 16.


Well... (whining) We haven't been home in so long.


Wait-- me or her?


Where did you go, Scanlan?


This feels like more like playtime than anything. All the action figures: bam bam bam!


How's Kima? We haven't seen her yet.


So when Beau's doing that, she turns around and snaps at Beau. (rough voice) Get away from my stuff! That's my kill! (normal voice) Sorry. I didn't mean to yell. Sorry about that.


And just go through the other door?


Wow. That was rough, buddy. I'm sorry.


(gasp) That's a good idea Percy!


That's not my strong suit, man.


Yeah but it's like dog shit. Aw, look at that.


Double insight check? Okay, the gold one is for Percy, and the thorny one is for Grog.


They're doing it without us, though.


Second level or lower.


Large or smaller beast. So I can't do anything--


It's 5 00 in the morning!


Do you want to go shopping? Travis, are you sure?


Wait, okay, a threshold-- a piece?


But you've got a lot of dirt on you.


No, he did! He still killed the big bad guy!


Don't run, don't run! He attacks with his teeth if you run.


I point out the path. That way! Go!


Is this going to stick, Tiberius?


All right, I would, yes, thank you.


Tell them where to find you on High Rollers!


Rats!


Oh that's why it's still-- Oh no!


Let me see, it might just be--


We've already lost two of our horses, why not lose a few more?


Oh, I rolled a natural 20! I wasn't even looking at it!


Oh, intrigue.


It is time for the tour of Whitestone!


Okay. Sorry. Hold on.


Mazes and Madness.


Come on. I need these babies to play.


I'm going to make a run for the door.


Reserves. What do you mean?


I know. Actually, I'm feeling a little guilty for calling him-- What if he just wanted to be friends?


Or a health cure arrow.


Can we destroy this book?


You would, you really would.


Yeah, can you give me like, a minute?


Yeah, I mean, you could maybe do something like that in time. Just wait until maybe--


Caleb, I have healing spells still. It's okay.


Very in shape.


(whispers) Oh! They're definitely bad.


Far Cry 5! It’s five better than Far Cry 0.


We should get some of the blood and put it in the Bag of Colding.


Yeah, I'll be Thorbir.


I put it on Beau's shoulder.


Is this excessive?


Little help here.


I was where Yasha was. I went over to look at her urn.


So, I got an extra one point of damage.


Avenge me!


Right, Tary, you would know about hiring people far more than--


A ten? Shit roll. Three!


It's black. Onyx means black.


I have two firewood bundles.


We're all stories in the end. Just make sure yours is a good one.


The idiot has a point.


Better not be flashy.


It might not be a bad idea to find a room that's not at the Bloated Cup and not on the ship. Just so we're not suspicious.


I'm sleeping in the bed.


Yeah, great take-off, action was amazing. The finish, though, the landing--


It's not that far off.


Terrible idea.


Yeah, we're going to go ahead and grab whatever the fuck that is and pull it up.


Just for fun, I'll add into this with a Sacred Flame.


The heat makes you lethargic.


You guys can go, you guys can go.


They hurt. Good to know.


You look well.


Sylas. She said Sylas is alive.


Whose house? T's house.


Neigh.


He is a dipshit. Before he does his cantrip, I'm going to go, you can go ahead and live forever, but you'll still be fucking ugly the whole damn time! (laughter)


And then everyone looks to the right to look at Mercer.


Do you think she knows about this?


She's as small as a tree knot, you know, so-- cute.


Just like that.


Yes, you're right, you're right, yes. With some resources and some time, and a little help, maybe I can build a new Doty.


If that dragon is dead, there's a lot of stuff.


We love you, Liam! [cheering]


Does he serve your same god? Or another?


I'm going to do that. I'm going to take a snorkel.


Oh no. It got taken. Fjord's going to be so upset. Can I cast Locate Object and see if I can sense the orb around within a thousand feet?


He has lots of fire.


You could hold it in case something comes out of the sphere or the well.


In honor of Mick Jagger.


But it's not super-- I'm still level three, so it's more like a cat swat.


Oh, I'm going to give myself the Blessing of the Trickster.


I'm going to spend-- do I want to do this? Yeah, I'm going to spend a ki point to do that thing that makes me move fast. Step of the Wind, yes.


But there were a lot of hallways


I know when somebody's trying to swindle me, darling.


I'm definitely going to tell everyone my fruit theory, because I'm down a fruit.


She had horns. And teeth.


Nothing. I mean, you can play a little drum thing with them.


Investigate or perception for me?


It's only about a foot and a half across, right?


Oh, right, right. What's all this noise out here? What are you bothering my friends for? Guards!


Whack, whack.


Ter the dercks.


Say goodbye to that King Charles spaniel.


I'd like to do it.


Even as an outsider, that seems a little ugh.


Yeah. All right. Grog?


Are there any undead around us right now?


That goes down. But then there's a railway that goes further in into the caves, so I'm not sure.


Oh, like light! Like that?


Stick out your tongue!


Yeah, me and you get ready to shoot.


Cut to them weeping.


Just... let me. And I Cure Wounds him. I'll do a 4th level. Shut up, Sam. I just can't find my spell. Yeah, I'll do that 4th-level Cure Wounds.


As we go underwater.


No, no, no, you have the stone. You'll be really there.


Whoa. Tight tight tight tight.


Well, the rest have to do the--


Let's go on a trip!


Can I tell what's inside there?


There was a path further down that led further on into the tunnels. I think we should follow that.


(blubbing sounds) Surprise, bitches!


Cue the horror strings. (violin screeching)


Okay. The direction that the dragons went. Is this stupid? Can I shoot my Oracle Arrow in that direction?


Actually, I'm going to use my earring so I don't have to shout.


Are you apologizing for something?


Fire a grit.


Do we see any spice merchants?


Excuse me, one thing, Adra, are there any mystics in this particular town that study any arcane arts?


20. What's five plus seven?


There is an alley behind us that we set up in front of?


All right. Let's go to the library.


Is it a roll? No, it's a thing that happens.


Oh, shit. Am I going to fall?


Joe Manganiello! (cheering)


23 investigation.


Are you shopping for a little buddy?


His face is awful. Should I roll damage or roll both attacks first?


I want to go over and start trying to do the lockpick. Oh, actually, I don't have any lockpicks on me, still, do I?


Are you gonna give it back?


I'm sorry. I felt compelled to-- I felt like there was half a chance I'd touch it and it wouldn't be there. I saw things.


More money will come tomorrow because we are selling the ears tomorrow!


You honestly would not be here if it weren't for the illithid. It's true.


Wait, is it Sylas' turn or my turn?


Run! Run away!


Now you know if there's wind blowing. This is what I had I'm really like-- I'll give the glasses back when I'm done with them. This is a rental charge.


Fuck it, I feel now you and I are more connected than I could've ever imagined. I'll summon the sword. [cheering]


Just a lot of writing, and I'm probably halfway through that book by now.


Oh, they left?


I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on the one fighting--


I'm not used to melee combat. This is so terrifying.


You can see words.


But that wasn't us!


Strapping boys?


Babe, can you bring me some onion rings and Miller Ice with lime? The Cowboys game starts in six weeks and I want to be ready.


Was I dead?


Seriously, get in the mansion! Right now.


No, go check it out, ladies.


I can Hold Monster. Yeah, we both can.


Yeah, we're fine.


I think that's just 32 because I don't get sneak attack again.


What happened to me? I haven't gone in a while.


What's Trinket doing?


They were but a week ago? And they've left, have they?


They're just hyenas? They're not magical, undead hyenas?


Telephone rings. Hello? (belches)


Crazy, that's like, two weeks in.


Nott, unconscious person down.


Okay, I start jogging backwards.


Can we go to another city sometime soon so I can do that again?


What do you need it for? (all laugh)


Shh, come in, shut up. Did anyone follow you?


God damn it. No I don't. So that's 15 points of damage. And he has-- he maintains that thing where everyone still has saving throws.


We're going north.


Two?


Yeah! 14 points of damage. Plus three, right? Or no?


Where I am. I'll stay where I am


That broom is really cool. That you stole.


I am the Traveler.


We got this, guys. Don't worry. Me and Grog got it. Me and buried-Grog and buried-Keyleth, we got this.


My best dick.


No, no, you can go ahead and tell us!


I am having the best conversation with JB right now.


Yeah. It was destroyed but rebuilt. It's lined with iron now, in case there's an explosion.


Yes! The field is ours now!


All right, let's go. (laughter)


That means I have to go.


We grab a table next to the dwarves with Grog.


Oh, that was almost a natural 20, but instead it's five.


Yeah, I just need some help tying this fucker up. I bring him up to Fjord.


I feel like we should ask her more questions.


Let's just sleep tonight.


Ashley's parts filled in the gaps.


Did you-- Are they nice?


I'll inspire Keyleth. I'll turn to her and say: (singing) It's been a hard fey's night, and you've got to unfreeze Grog. It's been a hard fey's night, because we've been fighting like a dog.


He automatically fails his dex save because he is paralyzed. 5d8.


Was that a dog?


That sucks! I'm taking your--


Yep. Now I'm ready to die. (laughter)


I'm going to hold my action and start wedging my staff up under the door, and maybe Deuces can help me crank it open.


Right, as you do.


Private conversation.


Something with less piles of shit behind it?


Right. That was a pretty good hit, and now I'm angry. And I rage.


Can we check to make sure he's not untruthful?


Fly zig zag! Fly zig zag!


Can't you talk as a dragon? Can't dragons talk?


Yeah, regular. It's the lowest of the rung. Moderate? I think it's called moderate?


I looked in the trap, Ray.


Why are we not dead right now? Explain to me why we are not dead right now.


You seem to hate your kind quite a lot. I don't know.


Can I try, as well, because I can read any writing that we find? May I make a check, as well?


It was a thing. It was very special.


Well, can I just say, I think you look perfect.


I roll that up.


Yeah, but does that mean we win? He's on the ground!


I mosey over to the one that Keyleth is in.


Like an hour?


Not the gargoyle.


We could steal this ship. Okay.


I didn't even think to ask about him in Zadash, because I thought he would be in the ocean.


We like food.


Cream cancer.


Investigation check, that is a 21.


I thought I could maybe go into my wildshape and bring down the building, I thought maybe if I collapsed the building, maybe it was drawing some sort of energy from the net of intertwined bodies, but I couldn't, because it was blocking all magic capabilities.


Just so I'm clear.


I don't have pockets.


Yeah. 24.


As fast as I can. Oh, not that way, the other way.


Make it the last word in a four-sentence line.


Here's a thought. We take the rope, we tie ourselves to it, we toss it over to the two of you, we start using it to wade, you help pull us over. Everybody would have to be terrible for everything to go. Everybody will be fighting together to get across.


Or maybe-- oh!


Luck, you have luck still.


We should've known all along, you were right, we should've trusted you, sorry.


There's vampires.


I can do the rage, but then it can go away.


Same symbol? Let's do that to the other walls and see if we can find other ones.


Little larynx assault.


All right. Where do I inquire?


No, it's on my cloak. Rope of Infinite Twine.


Matt's always talking about his campaign up in Canada, I'm not sure if it's real or not. (all laugh)


Mistress, would you like this?


We snuck into the war camp.


Tiffany's Ship is the name of Tiffany's ship.


Who can heal really a lot really fast?


No! I thought Caleb-- I mean, he kind of talks to himself.


Strength? Damn it.


Yeah, right in front of Caleb. Just to get funky. Fuck man.


Oh no. What will I do with Trinket?


I release my spell.


No, I know, but aren't you going to go up there?


We'll take a round of your house ale, if you don't mind.


That's fine because that's a 19 to hit?


I'm going to say, you leave when Burt Reynolds says you can fucking leave! And I will Bigby's Hand, and I will bring him back down, because I get a spell on his retreat.


Could be a chimney.


(whispering) Do we still have the thing?


Keyleth, can you Druidcraft some cotton?


I never stopped with the British either last time, so I'm never going to stop. Oh, I'm so happy, and I'm saying this out loud as Caleb. Good day to you!


Do they see that Chent is now doing the Sprinkler?


I'm going to Google it! Dip-i-- how do you spell it?


Are we now Bane?


(gasping) Oh no!


Next week I'll be back, hi.


No, because it shut one potential vein of a dozen.


Let's chain him up.


Oh! Here you are.


I'm going to run over to Yasha.


What do you think Captain Max-dung, whatever his name was--


Jeez, that was so close.


Something Percival once said a long, long time ago.


You have a couple more hours to get the shirts if you don't have them yet. But we're not going to push it on you guys, we already reached the goal. So thank you all so much. But if you still want one, I think you have, like, four more hours and then they're gone and that shirt is no longer available.


Don't worry, Matt. Your luck is coming upstairs.


Man, so many variables.


I'm picturing him as what's-his-name in--


"Got an empty house." I run out to the door to the left. To the uncovered areas.


The one that you are touching right now.


Okay, well then, why don't-- I actually like this idea. Why don't we have a few of our stealthy members, why don't we have the twins be in the shadows, and picking people off while--


That was your last Luck, too.


The last time we were there, something looked at us through things on the wall. Right? So it knew where we were and we fled. We have no idea what we left behind. We left in a hurry.


Did you say that before turning into an elephant?


(Marlon Brando voice) Vander, pick up the mic, boy, and hit me in the head with it.


What is going on?


You didn't actually pay for anything. You haven't paid.


Oh, right, because we've got to pick him up on the way through.


Technically, yes.


I'm going to go into this guy's space, engulf in flames, and do my multi-attack, two slam touch attacks.


Then me.


That's a hit. That's 31 to hit.


Yeah. It is a gift for me.


We're not ranged people.


Oh, it's a note! For me! It's really badly written. It's like Frankenstein wrote a letter.


Beret.


Look at me. Look at me. You're going to show me where on the castle is the secret entrance. Do you know who I am?


There was an M in there that wasn't supposed to be. Plausible demi-ability.


It's a chemical thing, Travis. You wouldn't understand.


No, no, I mean, there's the one you found, and then there's one here.


I fall in step next to Vex and look at her for a second. What's burning your arse?


What's his range?


I start to earthglide, breaststroking through the mud under the swamp to the tree.


Sure, whatever.


Can we still do it?


It shouldn't work.


In the area where we're at, the only exit now goes up another rung to the outside?


Yeah. My choice is The Unmentionables. I like it.


I wore my pajamas. My muppet pajamas.


We did? I was very intoxicated.


I have been told that I cannot give a teaser flip. But wait, guys. There's more! Taliesin, if you would?


First shot. 27 to hit. And that does ten points of damage. And then I'm gonna take another shot at him, I'm going to take a fire shot. And I'm gonna take a negative five to hit. And that's 14.


I'm going to go aberrations. Do I have to choose one?


(high-pitched) I mean--


(coughing) Sorry, wrong pipe. Keep going.


How far is the Keep from here?


Oh, you should give her a deal!


Mistress, would you like one?


Which could be us very soon.


That was a good one. 30.


Like going to a white dragon lair.


(accent still off) Yeah! Yes.


How do you do this on D&D Beyond?


Just to note, Schmidt is still here with us. If we need anyone to hold anything that's dangerous--


But also we should go back to Ophelia Mardun.


Does that sound fun to you, or--


It's close enough for Scanlan.


I changed my mind, I believe I used arcane recovery during the day. So forget it.


I don't know what the total was.


Now cough.


Yes, there's chicken. We want to spread out so we're not all blasted at the same time.


(laughing) Yeah.


Okay. We're making GIFs. You guys will turn this into a GIF later that will live on forever. There's lots of GIFs to choose from. I'm going to do one. You know the guy who blinks who is like, "Hmm, that's weird?" I'm going to do that. Okay, ready? And action. (humming) Okay! Someone will make that into a GIF! Taliesin, do you want to make one?


Fuck yeah, it does.


And you are what you eat.


As part of the Sentinel feat--


Yeah, let's follow the direction that the toad went.


I've got gunshots in my back.


I can use this as long as I have a reaction.


That was the turn, right?


We don't need them running out.


Like gray, silver?


You said "pyoop."


Oh jeez, we've got a smoke demon, don'tcha know?


Okay. I'm going to scream as loud as I can from behind them, and scream: Oh my god, he's dead!


So much better!


But I can make him move towards something, right?


My turn's coming.


Tie that? Okay!


Okay, I will!


Bus-ee-what?


Folks, we're moving! And I follow him.


Then why are we doing this?


I move forward. I guess. I don't want to move that far forward. No, I don't move that far forward! (laughter)


Highly.


Can we count hit points in kitten strength for now?


The water's still coming, right?


Hey, you're out!


I'm in the center, as well.


I get some grass and I put it on the cart.


Drop them into a trench, they're stuck in there while he fights Kevdak.


Wade the waters.


Oh! Nope, not.


He'll need a straw.


Come on, Fjord, let's get out of here!


You know, the thing about that one, though, he doesn't like to leave loose ends.


(mumbling) 30 for the first.


Oh no, I have all of my ingredients.


Also, they just announced they're going to be opening an 826LA-- sorry, not 826LA, but an 826 in San Francisco!


That yours? The little shit.


The lowest number, okay. I didn't know if it-- okay, three. Oh, sorry, five. Six!


I have something. The Shadow of War expansion pack, The Blade of Galadriel, came out and you can play and be me, so get it and play.


You are intelligent and charming.


Hi. Hi, are you going to Nicodranas?


First, the news. It's good news. First, I will not be marrying this Lydia person. There's no need, and also I think we all know I would not be happy in such a marriage, and we should all be free to pursue whomever we love. That's beside the point. It's not necessary, because I have made a deal with the Myriad. A deal that will spare us from any danger, and clear us from all debt. We-- Well, they, really, carried out a task for the Myriad that has absolved us of the debt that you ran up, and we are free and clear.


And you just threw the sippy cup lid as a little--


Do you have a god that you worship? Because we've just been told that's it's bad juju around here.


But I mean it's fine, it's great.


The original goth.


No, no! I think she meant all of us. I think she meant all of us. It's okay. You can be--


But I don't think I can do anything. I guess I'll hold an attack, I'll hold--


All right. And then the second dagger I throw-- I can only throw a second one-- is also a 24.


I'm a dark wizard.


Fucking dicks.


All of it?!


Well, that was lucky.


Stays there.


He's coming, one way or another.


Hey, Zahra?


Right over there, right up ahead, 30 feet. Both sides.


A dark physician, most likely, hmm?


Okay. As a wisdom?


It's okay. I can come back to you guys at any time.


Save yourself, start a new race of people.


Squatty Potty.


Not today, you don't.


The Darrington name is one of ill repute. We are scoundrels, and we are land barons, and we are awful people, and now we are penniless awful people. But I feel that we can fix it. What I propose is this: Our home will be vacated by us. We are going to move to the farmhouse, where we will all live as a family. We will tend to the farm, and we will raise crops together. Our home will be turned into the Darrington Fund, for charitable giving, where people who are down on their luck can come and live and get back on their feet. Now, such a fund will need donors, and you have many contacts in the business world. You, and possibly sister, could run this foundation and spread goodness all over Wildmount, instead of badness and evil.


Wait, can I use Uncanny Dodge again because it's gone around?


Vax chases the arrow.


Source of power. (laughter)


Can I do a health check on him?


Caduceus, can I ask what your involvement is? How you became involved in this?


Wait, why are we taking the more travelled one? Do you think your family is more reclusive?


I can't even look at it. I've been looking down.


No. I ran out of dinner super fast and I ran outside of Vax's room and I took the jug and I whispered into it, "oil," and I poured one quart of oil on the ground outside of his door. Looked around real quick. Is there anyone in the hallway?


And I fly over to the other side and do the same thing.


In my mind I have a worst-case scenario, but.


Do we see anything in the air, any of those shadow creatures? Or is it just our wyvern riders?


I'd forgotten.


That's cool.


If we go towards the toad we are going to fight the toad.


Hi, JB. For starters--


Didn't like his wife, either. Wanted to find some dirt on them. Pretended to be a house hand for them, a little handyman. Found some dirt, found out they were cheating on each other and destroyed their relationships and their lives. Maybe I shouldn't be proud of that actually.


Thordak.


-- oh my gosh, that was before we were together. That was good times. (all laugh)


2nd.


You could run and do it.


It's all in the contract.


The Slayer's Take! We can get them too, right? We have money, we can hire them! We have a hundred thousand gold!


You're like down down, right?


I saw it once. It was glorious.


I'm beginning to imagine it right now, actually.


I knew you were familiar!


I've got to ask, when the creepy rock guy popped up near me, is he within my held action?


I was just thinking that as well!


Okay. I squeeze out a single fart and go back to the cart.


Well, I can light them, you throw, and you take it further.


Slow walk. You've got time.


I just became the most handsome man in the world.


It can be killed is an important thing to know. I only mean, if it's important to you, in a moment of danger I would try to save it, but if that's not important.


No! Of course it's not gross if you're actually interested.


I know it takes half damage, I think, to non-magical physical attacks. He's got heavily armored skin. Other than that, I don't know.


It's good to see you all. I don't really know what to do now. I have... I really don't know what to do now. And that's a new feeling for me. I have information. We should travel back to Ank'harel so I can show you.


Meet us at the circus.


Your Dimension Door?


We have to share one?


You can move five more feet. You've got more movement.


That was my next move.


Oh my god, I'm so sorry.


That seems like a good idea.


Sweet, I'm just grabbing Scanlan and running straight through.


It's mine, don't forget.


Listen, we need to go kill some things right now, but I just want to say to all of you, I'm so sorry the way I left, it was awful of me. Percival, I said awful things to you, I said awful things to all of you. But just know I've done and said worse things to Kaylee, and she's forgiven me, and I've done and said worse things to myself, and I've managed to forgive myself, and I hope that someday, you'll all be able to forgive me. And until then, I'll just keep trying, and that's all I can do. And after this fight, if you want me to stay, and you guys go home, that's fine. But if not, maybe we can start over.


I start to loot the bodies.


Do you like this job?


But in the Briarwoods', we can kill every motherfucker in that place.


That's what I do. He's surrounded by people, right? So, I'm going to run up to him and I'm going to start swinging up the arrows on his chest and get up to his head.


I'll be right there. I'm going to confer with my sister about formalizing a few things tomorrow.


Do we still have...


I still have like two points of health, FYI.


Does it say which one?


"When I'm turning undead, if they're like little piddly guys, they blow up, but if he's a king he might not blow up."


The cart's magic.


#blessed. Ooh, that's good, that's good. That's 13, so that's 18!


It's the first time I got it.


It is a good word.


At some point when I can get to Fjord quietly, at some point.


Who's the other one in the crevasse?


It feels like I was in a very average tribe.


Right, okay. We start riding.


It's like in school, if you don't make eye contact, maybe they won't call on you.


No, we are against the Briarwoods and all they stand for. We're here to save you, the prisoners, the village. Everyone we can.


I want to go around and I want to go straight towards the Plank King.


Oh, shit. Taryon and Scanlan.


I mean I did just kill your daughter.


Did you end up opening the thing? Can you see Doty's book?


Oh, you were just--


Well, Ogden. Are you all right getting into your bed? Do you need any help with that?


15! Fünfzehn.


(stuttering) Jeff.


As I quickly survey the room, do I see anyone else who is a threat greater than a heavily armed guard? Anything that is a creepy wizard or a weird old mage?


Is there any recon that's going to happen tonight?


Yeah. You guys are rad.


I'm going to join you and tie ourselves off and I'm going to also cast Water Walk if you're into it on--


Yes. And I'm going to take it and wrap it around Lady Kima and try to yank her out.


(laughs) He's saying 'asshole, asshole, asshole'.


14 points of damage on the first one.


-- to get past that one.


Hello? Bidet?


What's causing you trouble and what's going to get us out of here might be the same thing.


Oh, you guys are twins?


You assume there's only one of them.


It's very big.


You are new. This is very typical. It's just part of the group dynamic. We are all friends.


"Turquaz."


Maybe not sneak attack damage. Ooh, ten points? (laughter)


The Cinder King.


When we killed the first one, there were a bunch of jewels in the wall and we saw a bunch of eyeballs.


My pick up is at 5AM.


We're not sure. 17 or 18. Real life is hazy.


Did we agree to that?


Great, so he's back.


We want to hear what he has to say, I think, at this point.


You know what, I'm just going to stay there!


Can I take my second question to focus a little harder and figure out where in town he is?


That's 11 points of damage.


I mean, when we went to the City of Brass, we did not shift into the City of Brass. We dumped quite a ways away.


You ever see those videos with the (tapping) walking on the pudding. Like that.


Seems he has quite a love for the City of Brass. How long have you all been residents here?


I think it's that beehive structure.


We're ambassadors from Emon.


Come on, Bad News.


Yeah, right? That'd be really cool.


There's no easy way up onto the roof, is there?


No one does anything purely for one reason. And I could justify it, but I'd be lying. I want to hurt them. I want them to know it's me. I want them to feel remorse for what they have done. I want them to pay, and if this thing is real, if this is really what is happening now, I hope that wherever they go, they suffer forever and beyond.


We did your - give me the jug. Don't you fucking hold onto that, Percy, you give it back right now. (all laugh)


Just one.


I'm going to start crying.


You're like a magnet for evil.


This was always supposed to happen, wasn't it?


We have Pass Without a Trace, which adds plus ten, Hide in Plain Sight adds plus ten. That's what I camouflaged us fucking for.


What is it? I don't like this. Is it something-- is it made of dead people?


(garbled voice) Should we use our flashlights?


Brother, run and check the study.


You want to come back-- Vax, Vax, Vax, Vax!


Can anyone explain this shit to me? The fuck is happening right now?


Most definitely.


We did, but Molly was drinking, so maybe he does not remember.


Off to a great start.


I'm just running away saying  Shit, shit, shit!


I have not seen very many animals, I don't think.


Oh! Wow, guys, I suddenly feel-- I feel like that was a great D&D Beyond ad! And scene.


There's a lot of blue people in the world.


Whitestone is rapidly becoming a very large target.


They are. Pick carefully.


It's Water Breathing, it's the spell Water Breathing.


You look angry.


Wow, you paint a picture there.


I think so. I'd like to talk to Ogden again.


(brightly) Go talk to the Gentleman, of course.


It’s well over thirty. I think we have closer to fifty. ... maybe forty.


And these are designed by Kenneth.


And you said something shitty to him.


I don't like Caleb looking at our shit anymore. He just looks at it and steals it.


I'm going to take a step forward.


Thank you for saving me tonight. You brought me back from the dead. Oh. I think you used a potion on me, didn't you?


I'm going to try to get the poison off of it. Off the fangs.


He's kooky.


I can emote as a bird.


That or grind us all into dust.


Check for fucking traps. How about nobody dies.


Well, I'm watching the area.


Keep your eyes closed.


You don't have hair up there.


There's also the Ashari druids, who will definitely want to help our cause.


It's not a bag. It's just loose leaf.


Acting with a desire for a bad haircut.


I should point out this is the second connection to the Ustaloch.


Yes, what is the plan? Are some of us setting out on foot or are we just sending--


And we slip out of its grasp.


And maybe we'll move to an ellipsis or something.


I'm not going to fall. Wait, uh.


It might be me?


Ten plus my mod-- 14.


I'm going to crawl back towards the--


Yeah. Opportunity missed.


Of the glass. If possible.


Feel better, Laura!


People are now asking how we met.


We could hold all of our things on the airship, and I could have cannonades...


It's also the sea that I sailed.


Are you a colonel, a general, a private?


It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's okay if he is.


Giants now.


It is a virtue.


I will send Frumpkin down to the one that Jester's attacking, right up against it to distract and chirp in its face.


Yeah, they're so awesome!


Oh my god, I totally thought he was gonna steal your soul and stick you in that diamond, I was like, this was a bad idea.


Ooh. Nice!


Can I look at the door and see if the trap will go off again if we step through it again?


It was 800 years ago.


I don't have the gold armor.


Yes. Anyway, I missed the whole part about the swamp. What's that mission again? What do we have to do?


Oh, shnikes.


I look at Grog. Grog!


Can I move? Oh, I already moved.


Perfect, we'll be back in the morning. Let's go take a rest.


But we can just see how it goes, playing ball, I suppose.


33, I guess. Right?


That's fine. I'm walking with him a little bit, slowly.


Exactly, hypothetically.


Yeah, what are they made of? Can we tell what kind of metal those candlesticks are made of?


With what fucking money, Molly?


D&D Beyond.


You guys, we defeated a creek.


We're tourists, basically.


So, just getting this straight. What you're proposing is a Raven Queen-slash-Velvet date night visit back to Vasselheim?


And she surrendered, right?


Kill him. Kill him!


Tary, say hi.


Would I know? It's not on the page. You gave me one page.


I don't know, everywhere that I've been with you so far, people seem to be really happy to see you. It's a sign, in my opinion.


Oh, that's right. 12.


You're going to roll, roll for it! I can't even read that. Oh.


Glad so many of us survived.


I hope there's nobody important in the bow of the ship.


In the future, they came up with these awesome things called--


Are there really high windows?


So nature check? Druid check? What the shit is happening check?


Get in the zone.


No, you can-- Don't feel like you shouldn't hit things because of me. I've got 126 hit points as an earth elemental and they don't affect my hit points.


You didn't look surprised when that happened.


I want you to laugh your fucking ass off, all right?


We're working on it. (laughter)


I don't wanna!


And then the second one is now a 20, and the third one is a 26. (shunk, shunk, shunk) Two plus seven is nine for the keen dagger, and then for the life-stealing dagger is a seven, and then back to the keen dagger, that is an 11.


I'll stay outside the tent if somebody wants to ask him how to get a Magneto helmet like his. (all laugh) 'Cause I'm gonna need that.


Check her out.


Only one way to find out!


Okay, so I have advantage from Cabal's Ruin.


No, she is an excellent shot. She's trained.


You suck!


He could.


I think that was legitimately you were still holding a potted plant.


(sniffles) I'm sorry.


And I would like to extract the canines from the dire wolf.


Crocheting is fantastic, and a wonderful way to spend your time.


And no one's behind him. So I will just Lightning Bolt him. From right there. Can I do that?


Can I roll against that?


Shush, you fucker.


Is this a lesson?


(whispers) I don't know what it is. (laughter)


Yep. I'm good with that.


How about this? If I may. This log that we've set on this side, what if we set it on this side over here--


Good Sovereign, if I can have a moment? Did I hear correctly that Lord and Lady Briarwood were in town?


Yep. I'll make my way towards the two on the left side, as far as my--


Both have disadvantage.


We literally know nothing about Marquet.


No one really knows, to be fair.


Good!


(sings Get Ready 4 This)


He's in a room by himself.


So cute!


Call him Vaxy.


Oh no, she's had a thing the entire time. There was a little while I thought she was in on it completely.


Wait, we know a smuggler.


I'm going to go invisible.


I mean, mine's do one thing. You've got options.


What time is it here?


I'll take a swig and go down the hole.


Anything else useful? No.


(speaks Orcish)


Oh, go out and test it?


Motherfuck--


I'm stunned! Fuck, I forgot. Never mind!


Get up. (laughs)


Just the one time.


I hired you all, it's only the right thing, Vex.


Yeah, we follow.


We know. We're still terrified.


She seemed pretty heartfelt, I think a polite exit would be thoughtful.


Lady Kima.


I think that's a good idea. And Fjord? You know why everybody's doing this. Why we're all here, right?


Do we?


All right, gauntlet dropped.


Oh, fiddlesticks.


Sure. Is this guy from where you're from or something? Old mate of yours?


I'll kill you last.


We just killed a dragon that made a lot of money.


At 3600 we’ll do the starter kit, t-shirt --


If it hits. It could miss.


Okay. Oh, god.


Still in front of a green screen.


I'll have another shiraz.


I'm not going to pretend that I'm not extremely flattered by this, and I am, but I don't know.


It's like 2am and the lights come on at the club.


Thunderwave is 2d8. Yeah. 2d8 there. You want the one that's shaped like a diamond. Here it is. Yeah. That's good and then roll one more time. Oh, that's good!


Ah. So five.


I realize Keyleth's not going anywhere and I plunk down.


What is this? Wisdom?


Oh, we are so involved.


No, it was because of Emon.


I don't touch the book to my head and then I have it. I have to eat the book.


Healing Hands.


Hey, is Grog stone?


It just hurts when it gets cold type of a thing?


Risk.


Scanlan, give me some nice meditation, some--


I like your beard.


Oh gosh. Wait, which one should I roll first? Okay. Hold on. Natural 20, what!


Still going in.


Could you determine if they're wyverns?


Can I let the mastiffs have a couple of licks from the alchemy jug full of beer that I was drinking out of?


Out the doorway.


I’m just letting you know. We don't know anything about him.


Don't speak to me in that manner, I am Tiberius Stormwind!


Oh right. I rolled an 18 and a 19 ten minutes ago.


Just to make sure it's not crawling with baddies.


Do I see the shirt waiting in the wings right now? We do.


Your genius pal, Day[9], has figured it out.


Who was the one that we killed?


That's a high standard.


How thick is the wall?


Because we're morons.


(German accent) The fire starter!


Rub some of the ash on it!


Was I close enough to him to get an attack?


We came to see you, we talked about that we-- a man named--


But I'm wearing that.


She Wolf is Magic  the Gathering.


I like the comma there. The comma really brought it together.


Yes, I know!


Oh, no. 14.


What are they burning, though?


All right. Okay. I don't know. I'm not looking for answers--


If you're going to go shopping with Grog you need to know-- don't look at him. He is terrible with money.


We could stay on the boat. That would solve all of our problems.


Well, we could just turn around and walk away and find our way up to the city!


I'm keeping all options on the table.


I think you're pretty and graceful and pretty graceful.


After.


It'll be fun.


Pike says, "That's actually right".


Don't be cheap with the chicken! All right, so I scoot out back to rejoin our friends.


No, they won't kill you. I promise.


We have stuff to sell!


Vex'ahlia! I yell.


He's made it.


Like a mark?


Make him look like he's just a big dude wearing a robe with a hood over his head.


Do you happen to have a planetar figurine?


Super fresh!


Yeah, this big cube came down from the ceiling and it tried to eat us.


Son of a gun.


I'm really low.


And then I will cast Healing Hands on myself.


That means that they weren't bleeding when they were dragged, which means that either they were killed by vampires and all their blood was sucked out of them first, or they were still alive.


Yeah, kind of. We're probably a good three and a half, if we're being honest.


(singing along with battle music) Fiiiiive. (higher) Fiiiiiiiiive!


It's okay, it's all cool for Pike.


On the edge or around it, right? Not in?


But if all of the survivors are evacuating the city--


He looked through Frumpkin's eyes and there was nothing.


What is with this pencil? It was dipped in ketchup or something.


That's true. The 10,000-hour rule?


The Spiritual Weapon goes off, giving the people a chance to run out of the place.


I'm good at-- okay.


(sighs) Well, I'm not very charismatic.


The name was simply meat-ed out.


Really? That would be phenomenal information.


Time slippage, man.


He ran out of sight?


She's a Shorthalt.


Could be several of them.


I can re-roll it twice?


Well you know what they say when you Asum. (weak laughter)


Damn, that armor's helping it, huh?


I have a request. Upon further inspection of this here letter, Quen'pillar is the month that we're in, which we all know, right?


Quick question. Is there a d-- decor-- uh, like a proper way to announce ourselves?


What about Percy with his glasses? I mean, could we do some sort of goggle things, so we can see better?


"So he might get scared of me, or nothing, I don't know?"


Or just stay near Vax. He'll look out for you.


Then yours was in a locker.


Let me see. Yeah!


Let me see!


Could you say that I only give a fuck about the hydra and that I was aiming at the hydra? Because that's a hundred percent true. The hydra is the big target here.


If I do something, I'll probably have disadvantage. Right? Correct? Well, I'll just try it again. I'll spend... fuck. Jeez. No!


I would like to go as quickly as I can towards Gilmore's house.


And you'll hear us if anything goes wrong. Yeah, we'll power through it.


Yes. I feel like we would have to find someone to Send Message.


Hey, can you do that on multiple things at a time?


I'm going to walk up to them. Before they walk away.


I'm paying for his entry, sure.


Some would call it a "cre-vase."


It went perfectly, ha!


So I stalked a couple of fairies for several hours.


Should any of us hide?


I don't know. Does there look like an oddities store?


Ja and just wait.


He's done; he's out. Travis is creating his playlist right now.


Let's go down to the basement!


You guys suck.


Strangely, yes. Yes, quite. Didn't think I would be.


I need about ten minutes. In the dark, I pull out the thread and I start doing the thing.


(still Southern) No that's mom.


Fjord, probably not. Yasha's probably is okay. Jester has already turned. She's flipped. She's probably flipped.


You're so smart! Do we see Pike come out after him?


Would you want to be turned into a wyvern forever? (whispering) Say no.


Should we see if the-- oh, no. The horses were taken.


Get it, Fjord.


Your like Jedi mind trick there at the beginning, I was like, oh!


Yes, we're going to be staying here.


He's our kind of evil. It's fine.


With my shillelagh!


All right, just burn it, then. Let's get out of here.


And then one last thing. I'd like to approach Jester, and ask her: Jester!


She's super busy, brother!


Well, I'm glad we did that. Shall we continue on our way?


"Barkeley."


Yeah, underneath.


One last thing, how high is the roof?


Am I going to double this up? How are you feeling?


(blows raspberry)


But wait, you can't see the cages? They're magically cloaked?


Great. That's better. 32.


No, no hair, but, like, a skirt.


There's a second Horn, maybe she has the other one and wants the matching set.


Yeah, let's deal with the naughty bits later.


Well, then you come back--


But they're allowed to assemble?


Come to Open Quay. The Mistake will hire you as a navigator. Lots o'money. That's one word.


Ah! It's beautiful! 200 gold, here you go.


Okay, that doesn't work.


It would be really big on you.


Well, now, that's really judgmental.


Okay. Then I will run up and tackle Marius to the ground and wrestle him down. Get over here, you fucking-- Get-- Come on! Get down! We're trying to talk to you!


It was a party every time he showed up.


I rolled a two and a two, so that's 15 and 15.


And I'm saying (retches).


The guy who talked to me, is he still here?


Old bugger looks so sweet when he's sleeping.


You don't want to go there.


Is this supposed to happen?


You're not so bad, either.


Yeah, I'm pretty low on spells, guys, but we're going to be okay.


Yeah, it can't move with us.


Third is a 23.


We bamfed through the tree, right?


That sounds like an awesome band name.


(coughing) Jenga. Not full Jenga.


Yep. That's crap, nine. That's also 18 points of damage on the second one.


We're married!


Beauregard, may I ask you a question to start?


We should go in that direction.


Scanlan, no. (groans)


You can't see me.


Either here or soon we need to sit and work this out.


I normally have some clue about a word.


It just grows in lighter.


That's not a surprise! Sam has deep a cappella roots! You all know that!


It took many years to forge it.


We'll hold on. We'll see if you want to play around with it, Fjord.


Yeah. I don't think they're going to burn down the castle.


In his vest pockets.


Hey, guys, I'm still trapped in the vines!


Oh wait, this is in here. Can I throw this? Oh no.


The dark eyeliner--


You don't remember your handy acronym?


(high-pitched) I want the hammer!


But we don't see it because we're on deck, right?


Okay, I’m sensing some passive aggressive--


I'm so proud of you.


Do you guys want company? Do you want us to come and hang out with you today?


Do the frigging helmet. I had my arm behind my back for two hours!


About this time, I take the limes and I go, "(shouting) Hey, Pike! Look! Fun!" As I juggle them.


Let's start with undead.


I said no at the same time. Can she aid me?


We'd both be dead if that weren't a training exercise.


It's down low, though.


There's so many allegories!


That's like-- yeah-- oh no.


I got a 14. I can't really tell.


A new carpet!


I am not resistant to cold.


You broke it for me, baby.


Draconia. How close would Draconia be to this?


(make impact noises)


Back when things were so much simpler.


Yeah, she's quite impressive.


He's like, "I spent a really long time carving this shit, you guys, and you're going to be altering it."


I'm second watch.


About the same as the Firebrand-ish?


It's just evil versus evil here.


It could be from a mom.


Just going to get my stuff.


Oh, you do have inspiration! And you'll need it, it looks like.


Don't forget to go to Teespring and buy our T-shirts.


I'm not sure that elder gods work in baker's dozens.


No, certainly not yet. If it will help me find that fuck, then I'd prefer to hold onto them.


Let's do it. I'm going to get some tents and some food put together, so we're at least comfortable.


Lady Vex'ahlia.


Six? To hit a horse?


Like, most boring day ever now that Tary's here, we don't do anything fun at all.


So I was really useful!


Is he God?


We are in the middle of a city where people might not take unwarranted aggression well.


He's huge.


Don't do drugs! Scanlan was doing drugs? Jarett, you sold Scanlan drugs?


Repeat, just like last week.


Hope they have flood insurance. (groans and laughter)


That sucks, too.


Okay, 37 halved.


We've dropped a lot of damage, as well.


You're very excited about this, Nila.


The Changebringer?


Indiana Jones style.


We'll plan tomorrow morning.


You can see me doing this.


Ah! Is there a ziggurat--


We universally forgot it, as a team.


It never ends!


Well, we'll just have some whiskey, then.


Let's go to the Earth Ashari.


How much do I get?


So we've killed them before, that's good to know.


1d6, bitch!


We'll stay in there. We're going to get into the ruins and have our guns trained in case anything goes wrong.


I'll look you up if I make it out of here alive.


He's redacting his own card!


Maybe it's another haversack?


Why?!


All right, so which one?


I've been down there several times without knowing that.


Keep telling the story.


Context is everything.


Gosh, thank god Trinket ducked.


Jesus Christ. Ten. God damn it.


What are you going to do to me, you creepy little boys?


I know! She's like a bitch but in a furious way.


I want to pick up Pike under my arm like a fucking football and run forward after my sister.


Well, he has a head. You can have a face and not a head.


Australia? Is that when we got caught with having to have those weird travel visas, as well?


And yeah, that's it. That'll be my--


I collect all sorts of things. I have a button collection. I used to collect stamps, I used to collect different kinds of vials of different sorts of fluids and things like that. I collect soles of shoes. Not shoes, just the soles.


I'll take two regular if you've got them.


Does that mean you can beat him up from the inside?


I say, Hey, little shit! And then I whack him. That's a natural one.


See, Nott? Easy as pie.


I step into the acid.


And a dark paladin's still up there.


Where is that? Class features--


Should I try peeing on it?


Those were all over it, then.


Byeee!


It's better than it was.


That's great! You both heal 12 points!


(high-pitched) Nine.


I-- I have experienced-- the pleasures of the flesh. I have now known a woman. It was outrageous. I didn't really know what I was doing, but she guided me, sometimes by force.


We can set that up right away.


Stale blondie.


Let her have the armor. As a sign of good faith.


I thought they were all mirrors.


We have some boar in the frozen bag.


Keyleth takes a few steps back and motions as a fire elemental...


Do we really need them? Are they really providing us with enough to make this worth our while, to where we essentially want to open up the Pandora's Box of crime in Vasselheim? Do we want to be responsible for that?


When did you do these? Last night?


Yeah, get on the ground, not just above.


In the meantime, you wouldn't have anything that might help us and our little expedition, would you? Healing potion might be nice if you got one hiding away somewhere in a closet, forgotten.


Whose side are you on?


Damn it! What is wrong with us?


Yes. I'm so sorry, how rude, my friends and I-- it's only fitting. Is there any service that we can provide for you, for your graciousness in allowing us into your lighthouse?


Yes, how many are left after all that?


Can we have that real quick?


Oh, remember your extra d4. I forgot them.


Do I know Dryden from before?


I have a firewood bundle that we can make a fire with.


What kinda weapons you got on this ship?


Stick to the plan.


It's that.


Sure, whatever you feel is best.


That's true. She bought a couple of nice meals for you.


Oh, he's still alive?


Is there an abandoned-looking building or anything I can duck into?


It means the rocks look weird.


It's like pulled pork.


That's so disappointing. All right.


It's still my turn.


Yes, he was predictably a shit, just as we are.


Maybe I did them--


What about means of protection for Whitestone. Do you have a defense planned? A warning system?


Yes. 16.


Yeah, he probably does.


In a way, yes.


-- baby dragon


Yeah, hit again.


It's been 15 minutes?


Maybe we should shut the gate up and then lock it.


By the way, Yasha, can I say, you weren't even with us yesterday, and now you're down here doing this! Is this crazy? What were you doing yesterday?


Yeah, it's midnight.


You also still have Freedom of Movement on you. You don't have anything else at all; I got lost concentration. But you do have Freedom of Movement.


(clanging)


Who's your manager?


We don't have time to do any of this stuff.


Okay. Feel for the eyes, stab it with keen dagger-- Four. 11.


Should we land on the roof? Or do we land right outside the barracks door? What do we do?


Is that our door?


(shakily) It's all good.


Does he sound weird?


I like how all of us sound like we've lost our voice.


I'm going to breathe deep and take a run at this damn thing.


Good turn.


It says so on the wand. "For one charge, you cast the 1st-level spell. You can increase the spell slot level for each additional charge you spend." So I'm going to use four of them.


What is my climbing speed? If my natural speed is 50 and I wanted to climb that column, what's the climbing speed?


Where he was last seen.


Oh, that will be super frustrating if we just took all that time. Or if this is one of those--


Ooh! 22.


Well, look, if it's not Kevdak, we get a practice round on those that do come out.


Which means you have a higher numbered card.


Can't move yet.


I did not expect that to happen!


Try that.


Steven Blum, everybody.


This is why we don't have AI in the party, guys. You can't control the AI.


Oh, god! There's more we have to do!


We're immune to that, right? People with fey ancestry?


He put it on the magic carpet?


So she was skilled as an artisan as well.


I'm feeling like I'm a little sick right now, but you know.


I'll use Fury of the Small. So that's 25.


Potions all mixing together?


There was?


And I go, oh no you don't. And I stick out my ring and Chain Lightning him again.


My bruise is in the shape of a dick?


Well, it's up to you!


So not a real queen?


The slow creep on your face, Matt! Come on, high!


It was not.


I'm trying to impress Pike! I've got a lightning dick!


All right. 20 from me, 50 from him. We'll take them both.


Sure. Thank you so much for this beautiful map. You did a really good job drawing it.


So I'd be 20 feet, the way we approached to the house. So where you got it, if that's the way we approached.


And it's dead.


Oh, I feel so good.


I've got a weird idea.


If he's prone, does that mean that negates the difficulty to hit through the ring?


Let them go. What the fuck are we going to do? Run and jump on the goddamn boat?


This is a bit of tome, so I think I should wait to read this, but a part of me-- Oh.


Is there an A in that?


Oh man, oh man.


I want to take some shit down with me.


It's a casement window, so I have to go-- (squeaking) (laughter)


That's it. Done.


Make an arcane check. Somebody with arcane.


I don't remember being in the Feywild at all, or meeting him.


Ulog, listen to me. You are here. You are a part of it, just let them do this. Trust us.


You can hold that action until she comes into the room.


A very small town.


We have to get near the the Cliffkeep Range, near the Pools of Wittebak, is where we need to go.


No, I've met this type. He plays stupid, that way if people start asking questions you've got disbelief.


Maybe you'll come to it at the end of being in Ank'Harel.


(whispering) What? You can be scary!


Bonus action, anything?


Do you have anything to contribute?


Aw, yeah! Jumped on the jam, boogie-woogie jam-slam.


All done for the day?


Well, I mean, okay. Do you want me to punch you?


I suck at it, but anybody else can have it.


Yeah, there's that whole other path. There's that whole-- there's that whole other path and then the one up top.


Well, we're going to have a fight here.


Yeah. So many people come in and out. It would be so easy to lose sight of somebody like that who came in. I put five gold pieces onto the countertop. It sure would be wonderful if you could remember anything about him being here, however.


21 plus eight is 29, plus 1d6 lightning damage. 29 plus six is 35! 35 on the first shot.


You know you don't have to breathe all of it in every time.


-- bamf out?


There are things that are moving below. I see them.


I skip out the door.


Look at my constitution, it's very low.


We get there, we start poking people in the eye until someone doesn't flinch, then we'll know we found them.


I have a healing potion in my possessions.


But what if he comes here?


Oh, now I'm worried. I'm worried about the undead. I don't know. Well, I don't think I would know this, so it's okay. I'm going to say to the air and say, dude, are you here, because this is like the coolest shit we've ever seen! And then I'm going to cast Toll the Dead on the first zombie creature guy. And there's a bell that tolls.


Just a standard one? Standard survival check. All right.


Any direction of which way the essence might be blowing?


Put that dice away, put that dice away right now!


To then bamf over? Our quarters in the--


I go up to the group. Percy, Vax, I need to take time with this, so are you all all right spending the rest of the day here while I help them?


Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to pull up one of those boats.


What was that, say again?


"Hold on, let me show you my collection of tin cans tied to my tail."


We could go ask.


Whatever that victory may be. I've read a bit. I know a bit about what's to come.


We have to fly to get up to it?


Big money! That's not big money!


I'm glad you didn't change.


Which one's us?


Firing a deadshot.


It's amazing, it's like a verbal mirror. So, if we do the trench, though, we have to-- Percy--


Why don't we send--


And as long as we're vamping, I've seen some of that comic book, man. It's looking good. It's under the table in my bag. It looks so good.


Oh, everyone but for them! Dex save.


If he's more than 20 feet in the air, I'm fucked.


We all are.


And Nott's trap making skills for help?


Oh, I'm behind, but I'm going.


I fired a shot that missed.


Deception, you say? It is an 18.


I got it.


HI!


The thing you do. (laughter)


Pumat would have something.


Please, Beau, let the detectives figure this out. Is it Desmond?


Basically, where do we get one of those?


It's Protto.


Important  how sexy is Grog? As sexy as you want him to be.


Wonderful. That makes me quite happy.


Yeah, we have.


Yeah. I feel a little better here. It would go a long way to earning some trust.


I have text and whatnot. [break]


That is not what I would call money.


Only the person you attack.


It's nice to know your true name Phillip-- I mean Grog.


The one that's occupied with Grog, I'm going to jump on it and cling my legs to the side and try to slice down as I go, over the side wall. Okay. First is a 28. I'll just do that. And it's a sneak attack because it's occupied with Grog, obviously. So that is a two-- this is my Keen Dagger. That's a nine plus... nine, 13, 16, 19, 24. Nine plus 24 is 33, and then the second dagger, Flametongue, nine, ten, 19.


Sorry, I already said it. At 3rd-level.


Okay, I will Healing Word her, and I'll sing, believe it or not, you're made mostly of air. I never thought you could feel so free.


Come on, giant blue nut ball dice. Natural 20!


Caleb has to find new garage sales to dive through.


We'll take it out of the water.


It was a 20 total.


And the second one is (counting) 27. 37 for the second one.


We'll see him there.


No. We move forward. You ten feet in front of me. I will look for magic, you will look for physical obstacles. Here we go.


A lot of bad things are happening now. It would be nice if one good thing could come of it all.


And hold onto some straps.


Where do I shoot on a cabinet? I'll wait till the doors are just a little open and try to thread the needle and jam it right through its mouth heart.


No! Of course not!


This is going so poorly.


(shouts) I know!


I say "Put him down!" Just like Yasha, I echo Yasha. Then I radiant damage the vine and then I stomp it with my giant feet, and then I also lift Fjord up onto my other shoulder.


I think he's hitting on you.


Nope. Doesn't hit.


We needn't stay here long. I don't think what I'm here for is going to take too long. I hope. We could go to Whitestone next.


I have a lot.


It's pretty girthy. Can you identify it?


It didn't, don't worry.


It was right there!


We don't need the mansion; I got all my hit points. I'm good.


Young sea serpent that can swim 60 feet?


I rolled really low. I want to do that a little better.


All right, I'll jump on Caleb's back.


That's pretty good. Oh yeah, I'll take that first roll, which was seven-- 27.


Okay, because Grog is right there, it is sneak attack? (sighs) One, this is nine, plus that is ten, plus this. 13, 18, 24, 30, 33, 35, 36, 37. And because it was a sharpshooter attack, it's 47.


Yeah. That needs to go to a blacksmith, or something?


I will gather two Eldritch Blasts in my hands and fire them both at her.


The tickets are probably worth something!


Balls. Taint. Ale. Nipples.


You're as big as a giant barn, you are hard to miss.


No severed limbs, no whammies!


Yeah, they're nice individually sometimes, but they're still a part of a shitty whole. A real shithole.


Tary, have you ever passed out from drinking too much?


Nine, yes! And this year, in training camp, the standout defensive player was none other than Antwaun Woods, number 99. To honor this amazing concurrence of the number nine, I have done the unthinkable. I am wearing a Dallas Cowboys t-shirt. And guys, I have to say, it feels pretty good. It feels pretty outstanding. Actually, it feels a little odd.


Tune in for these ladies too, please.


Just in case things go sour I also thought of a nice way to use these, and I slide one between each of my fingers, and I hold it up. (shink) Okay, back in the Bag of Holding.


All right, come on, we're going back up? We're either fighting crownsguard or getting out of here.


It happens, it's natural.


She has that, actually.


Yeah, we can get back on our own. It's two days.


There's a chair?!


They were just there.


Okay! Good!


Or there's more than one. When? When were you killed?


I'm trying it anyway.


If you have a shitty attack roll, add a d8 to it, if you have a shitty roll.


Oh, my goodness. Hello, darling.


I go stepping inside the tavern.


Second edition.


Yeah, because it's my bonus, so he can just do one attack.


Big D.


I'm going to have my concentration on reverting. But in the meantime, I'm going to--


I don't think I can reach that guy.


Hey, Grog. Grog, come in. We're going to go kill something. We need you.


She put it all up.


What do you guys want to do today?


I need a drink.


The sword is clean.


Do you think we're okay if we all pile out?


Yeah. My brother-in-law Peter Habib of Mr. Fantastic did the final mix for the song. It was really fun to do and now it's out there and you guys saw it and we hope you like it.


How many tentacles were left, like three?


That's right. That's right.


I did not decide. This was put upon me by the fates.


Can I make it around the wall?


He is covered in oil, which makes him kind of sexy.


All in favor of the ethereal idea, raise your hands.


Jester, get the hell out of there!


21, with disadvantage, because I Cutting Words-ed her.


Yeah, that's really cool!


We're going to drag the wyverns indoors?


Hand on the door. Is it locked?


Don't remind me of that, that was just a thing. All right, onward! Let's--


You do first.


I don't like the way he said that.


I'll be in Las Vegas this weekend for--


Before where the drop is, and that's where that bottom tunnel is down there?


Yeah, it's really tiny.


I'm getting night cream put on me by Doty. (laughter)


Is there a mop anywhere in the room?


Is it as dark as it was before? Equally?


Smithe Durban.


Sorry I made a noise, guys, sorry.


I am over Zadash.


Well, you're not very brave, are you? Invisible! Hiding! Afraid to show your face? Taunt it. Oh, bollocks! (laughter)


Let's go in the window.


Yeah. I'll Dominate Monster, that's a super high-level spell.


40 feet? 60 feet?


Okay, I take Whisper out, and I'm throwing it at the ground ten feet away from you right next to Keyleth on the ground, and bamfing out of its tentacle to it.


Maybe you can send a message. Do you have that ability?


She's smart, she's closing her eyes.


No, if anyone's going in, send me. I'm at a 41 stealth, and if we stay on the beach, we're in view of the main island.


She comes to your knee.


If I have any movement left, I will back away from that shit.


That's true, he had a lot of money with him.


I just scoop it back into your little-- hold out your pouch.


Yeah, you're right again.


I think I missed a box.


I don't care. That was a different reason, and if your fucking dock mistress is such a bitch that she won't give us a good deal because of him then we'll find someone else.


Yeah, he makes it.


Yes. Yes, I learned so much. I was left to my own devices for hours on end. I traveled the world... in literature. And I experienced such great adventures, tales of history and fiction and-- For most of my life, I was just a happy-go-lucky kid in my room. Reading my books, and making up characters that I would fight against, and only recently have things gotten pretty bad with Dad, since I am now of age to take over the business, and uh--


We have to go there?


Yeah, people have a real hard time getting me.


You're just turning your head 180 degrees back and forth, aren't you?


Hits, right?


Wait. Four spheres, three temples?


All right. And I guess I will just dagger him in the ass, then.


Oh. 11.


If you don't know Backblaze-- I'm sorry. If you guys don't know Backblaze, it is unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs for just $5 a month. Yes, Backblaze stores docs, music, photos, videos, fanart, and more. I use the service, and to be honest, I always thought, "It sounds magical." Well guys, I've discovered that it is actual magic. Faery magic to be exact; In fact, I captured one of their head faeries, Yev, a little sprite named Yev, in this trash bag.


No, I'm daisy chaining to it, I give you a signal.


It's us being cute, surrounded by all the sadness.


I was saying, if you're all finished, I'll just make you invisible right before it happens.


I'll do it.


Is she married?


What do you mean? Girls don't like the bad boy?


It's like a Three Stooges act.


We left together.


Yeah. The twinsies should go.


A Greater Healing Potion is 4d4?


I use Stone Shape and I bend down and make a big circle where I am. Carve out a little cylinder with Stone Shape.


Wilhand's older than Ogden?!


That is 31. Yeah, okay. So that is two plus eight is ten, plus psychic damage. 18. I'm going to bamf there with Whisper.


It can see invisibility?


Eloquent, very eloquent.


He was saying they've made their way south into the fucking town of... Nipple Bottom--


Yet I will say, 'yes', 'no', 'please,' and 'thank you' can get you through an enormous amount of transactions with reasonable people.


I love it when the DM describes something as too realistic.


Just come up a little bit slowly. There are a couple of rocks up here that look a little funny to me. Don't step on me.


That is not a terrible idea, and it's possible that the books are still within the castle.


It says right here, mind flayer. The rest is all inked up. I got water on it. (all laugh)


This is upsetting.


Naked with gauntlets.


Did you know barnacles scream when you scrape them off of things?


Okay. Two.


And for my movement, I will grab Pike around the waist and pull us back five feet off the edge of the pond there. Thanks.


(snarling noises)


But people are still fucking down, aren't they?


We need everybody to hop on the carpet first.


Isn't it really an Honesty Time?


So what, we're never going to kill any of the dragons, then? Because that will happen at some point.


This is why magic's weird.


I don't know, but it was worth it.


I wonder if he's the owner of the house.


I love you anyway. Here I go.


Your hair looks fine.


I think you should just put it away. Maybe offer him the Mythcarver to leave us alone.


Yeah, we were still planning on moving on after this.


You want to see my room?


Yeah, I was wondering why it was coming from the other direction.


What do you eat? Do you eat-- does it get stuck in your teeth a lot?


Okay, that's great.


After we take a short rest.


Working on it. Do you have all of his stuff?


That's fine. There's really no point of even moving, at this point. I'm just on fire. I'm going to pull out the Retort pistol, and I'm going to shoot that wizard in the chest with some fun. I'm going take three shots at him.


(laughing) We ruin everything you make.


A couple of weeks, a week? Something like that.


Do you live in these parts, or are you just passing through?


Oh, thank you. Okay, go right to your-- stay there. Don't drown, okay? Then I'm going to look for Beau, but she's not around, so then I'm going to go look for Nott.


People were preparing tea, you were being cordial. I was trying to be disarming. Next time, everything dies.


I think you should just try it one time and see how it goes, and if it goes well then we know that you are good for the future.


Have you met Beau?


Double the guard on him.


Did you, now?


Nah, it's smooth as a baby's bottom.


Wait...


We want to spread out.


I do, I have the poison spell--


Well, you joined us a little late in our adventures, but many of us-- not me, of course-- but many of us were maybe outcasts or whatever before. Over the course of spending some time together and traveling and doing some good things, mostly good things, but a few bad things together, we've come to rely on each other and well, it doesn't feel like we're outcasts as much anymore. Just trying to maintain that sense of a unit. Because even though we've made some mistakes and we'll probably continue to, it feels like we're a little bit better when we're together. This other fellow in the group, Mollymauk, he sort of showed us that... by dying. I'm just trying to keep us together.


I'll give you a layup, all right? You go on and just repeat after me. You just say: I want to be on you.


You want to come with?


He kills one of his subordinates for letting him--


I'm going to run over to Percy and give him a kiss and say, nice shooting, stud, and I'm going to help him look.


Oh oh! Oh, can I pull his bracelet off?


Oh, wow, holy cow. I'm not used to it working. 5th-level, so hey, look at that, it actually has gone up. 2d4 psychic damage. That's four points of damage and it has disadvantage on its next attack roll.


Hang back for a second. I'll use 45 feet of my speed to move forward.


I know, but I like doing lots of things.


The wires crossed!


We'll try really hard to not let you see us.


Off a duck's back? Oh mallard.


And you are coming along.


Oh yeah, the red glove!


Great... Great, Tiberius, go for it.


That's our leader!


Yes, even if you wear this disguise hat, Percy, how are you going to get into this event? It's a private event. You can't just be some random person.


No, maybe if we all think about the strength of our friendship and bond together.


We should take his loot.


They are bullshit. There will be no sleeves on this disguise. I'm going to hang out between the Bloated Cup and the ship, looking like Charlie. Frumpkin I will just have circle a continuous circle above the whole area so I can see the guards on the boat, and we can message each other, ja? I'll just be eyes in the sky, Charlie on the ground.


Ooh, cool marker!


Just, sort of, aid every--


What is in there with Ulog?


Okay, let's see. Let's have the Duchess move a little further, through the slats into that corner, perch up there, and see if she can see down the hallway a little bit.


You crazy motherfucker!


Could I do three attacks? Or just two, and then have the action left over?


To the keep.


I do want to trail back a little on Trinket and try to cast Conjure Barrage as we're running.


We all think you're strong. You don't need to have an inferiority complex.


How much black powder did she buy, Victor?


Like Care Bear?


Which direction she went, you mean.


It's quite clear we know nothing.


Just a big a drink, an ale.


Well, the tarp isn't magical. The cart is magical.


Okay, that's even better. That'll do. 20.


It's almost all broken anyway.


She had a Greater Healing potion, however, I don't know if she had that on her or kept it in the sack.


I take out my Rope of Infinite Twine and throw it to Trinket's mouth from far away.


"Shedule."


(laughing) That's like Sistine Chapel!


I can't believe this shit.


Okay. Ugh, natural 20 was one of them. 30 is the first attack.


I'm going to stealthily move forward, back where I was across from Molly.


Sabian we've heard about through Orly, right?


Some of us will be doing it until the end of time.


I want to walk over to the carriage driver.


-- he was hired to be my bodyguard and it was so obvious that he was so capable when he walked in the room--


There's a fire in there. What if we pull up these shingles?


Oh yeah. She'll go through and take some swipes at the kelp, trying to loosen Caduceus. Or would it be better to grab you and fucking pull?


What about the blood?


Yeah, no. I'm going to use Blood Maladict.


I could try my Dispel Magic ability.


More stealthy.


You had three cups, so you need (counting).


Let's find out what killed him.


Oi. Old lady. Listen. We said we were going to come back for you and release you when all was said and done, but we cannot make that promise if you don't tell us the complete truth. Now, we know that you're using magic of some sort. Tell us who you really are.


Does it have to be your blood?


It feels so weird, still, with stealth checks, to only be able to add a one when I used to add 9,000.


So can I use my-- can I get it out of the water and put in my bag of colding?


Okay. 21?


And I'm taking a shot at the creature.


Yes. Everything. I like the safety of it, and if I had had my way, this would've been a conversation for a later date. But I need to protect you and myself from whatever that is, so you need to know that that is a wild card.


I grab another weirdo passing by and say, excuse me. There's probably a temple around here. Can you point us in the right direction?


With tiefling horns and tail coming out of it.


Oh, it wasn't an herbalism kit. I'm stupid. It wasn't an herbalism kit that could heal the poison. It was medicinal herbs. That's what I had in my inventory that I remembered.


This gun doesn't do anything fancy. Just shoots really far, really hard.


Pull that one down, then.


Did you get antlers tattooed on your face? (laughter)


So are they taking me away?


Can I jog up to Garmelie and Vex real fast? You said that there were lycans at some point, and you said they move through the trees, right?


One. Two. (continues counting)


Waiting to beat face.


Your knee smells bad.


Because she pulled me aside and she was like, "I don't like Fjord and I'll kill him if you want me to."


Oh. Well, I'll try that first with my movement, I guess, right?


What time is it? Have we gone to sleep, or are we waking up?


Hmm, yeah, great. Five?


We can get to that.


Why a demon?


(rough voice) Oh, hell, yeah. Who can? Ashcan.


Don't make it too hard.


Why would I do that? I have so much finesse. That's cocked. It was cocked, you say cocked eighty thousand times, and now I'm gonna use Luck, because I wanna beat you.


I misty-ed out of that the minute that he started working on it.


So celebratory.


I say  This is fine! (laughter)


This feels wrong.


Amulet of the Shield.


This is great, we were just giving him a little trial run. Isn't that right, Tary? Isn't this great?


But I couldn't find him.


Ioun helped, Pelor helped.


First question. Has a one-armed lady, a one-handed lady, a doctor come by to purchase--


That's good. 35.


Mist form.


What's the back? That's 30 gold! 30 gold. It's so dusty, though, I mean is that even worth it if it's this dusty? 30 gold? Does it have spells in it? No.


Ja, I'm going to back up five feet away, and as I do so, I'm going to pull some bat shit out of one pocket and some sulfur in the other and slap them together, and then stick my hands out and cast Fireball at it.


And one little piece of dried poo that I found that was an animal's.


(chanting) Level five!


I take him by the lapels. Things move very fast with us. I don't think you understand what you're asking for. If you think you can handle that--


They're different bullets.


This is as new to me as anyone.


Me? I am the antithesis of faith.


Did I see Kaylie and Gilmore?


While you were messing about with Grog, Percy grabbed your shit and hid it.


Higher powers here, yes.


Time to go finish your Atari. (all laugh)


You got to love yourself.


And that's ten, plus eight, plus 1d6 psychic. Plus I'm going to burn eight points of Cabal's Ruin, which empties Cabal's Ruin.


In her defense, they probably don't see flowers too often. It's a nice touch.


What? She brought it up.


It's an employee. Seven points of damage.


Go ahead and ask.


And five silver.


I can do it with all these things. I can graph it. So.


I was about to ask. We see flickering light far away, but I don't trust anything. I want to specifically see if anything besides twitching fingers and toes are hiding closer to us.


Can I try and do it myself and do a ki point thing?


Sure thing, Grandfather.


He'll play Candy Crush.


So wait, so Pike was the one that took those huge hits?


But not as short as Nott.


Pike, after you.


They were trying to haul ass out?


When they burn the whitestone with the acid or something?


Locked? Great, I'll go through the other door.


So the river doesn't hate magic?


23 minus two, 21?


It's personal?


I somehow woke everyone at the exact same time. It's one of my many powers.


Let it fall!


I know. I just was hoping it would be half again.


Do you think it was just in that passage way or do you think it's the entire Tri-Spire area?


We were with you there in spirit.


So what are we doing?


Why did we do that?


Forever! Since the beginning.


Look for Noja's book, look for Noja's book.


I give him a wet willie.


He said Felderwin.


Hi, mom!


Oh, thank god. I didn't say it; it didn't happen. 13 plus three lightning damage. Plus one Hunter's Mark.


You can make fresh water in that jug, though, can't you?


Yes. I originally rolled a two.


He's so fine.


Is it happening relatively soon, or do we have a few more hours to explore a bit? I just have the feeling if we were to engage, that all activities after that would not be documented in the ol' brain so well.


Aw, man!


We're going to get mugged, aren't we? (laughs)


That's 17 to hit.


I dig that finger into his pressure point a little harder.


Wait, are you fucking leaving now?


Oh! Oh!


Do you see any sort of animal life around the tree?


The smoke-making thing that you were carrying. What is it and how does it work?


Oh, I am a navigator. Newer, but eager and looking forward to plying my trade.


Probably buttholes.


Well, we almost were.


No those stalagmites over-- yeah, there you go. Hide in those crags over there by the-- that's it. Keep a good eye. Good girl.


Man.


For love? Yeah, four. (laughter)


I'm gone, man.


But you were at 76?


It went 18, it hung like a half second... 4.


Oh, he's faced these things before. That's what it is.


Outside.


That's a really good roll.


I'll put my hood up--


There was like the devil that we fought--


What kind of eyes? What color? Blue, black, brown, green?


The one I used as well.


I feel like, do we see any other doors, like, secret doors, maybe?


Hello! Prepared people!


Okay. Nothing weird.


Next campaign.


Caduceus, did you just do that?


Yeah, that's 29 to hit.


Stuff happens. Give him a bonus 15 HP or something.


Get that clavicle; be working.


Yeah. Modern Literature!


That might not be a thing anymore.


Come on, in bed, in bed, in bed. Don't fall asleep yet, though.


(laughs) This temple goes to six.


Do I see any fire from Scanlan?


(shouting) Or masturbate!


Also fair to assume that whatever's on the other side of that door--


Oh, I thought that was a 20, but it's not.


Yes. Okay, great. Okay. So that is seven damage.


So what should we do here, clear out the sewers? Because that's what was said.


Oh, how special.


Did you ever know anyone who did used to try and set people on wrong paths with their fortune telling?


She's on my shit list.


Well he seemed to be stabilized. I think the best thing we could do is to get him to safety.


What! Would you rather she just discover it on her own? This way she--


Well, not the exact order.


(exaggerated sobbing) God.


You know what it is?


If I might remind you  for 50 minutes, now, at this point now, right? So then we're all dead.


I have a feeling it has something to do with your deity.


I'm going for rakshasa, so I'm going to head this way.


God, that Heroes' Feast, man. That would've been clutch.


It's like a poop earring. Why didn't you say that in the first place? You talk through it? You talk to poo?


I don't know. Look, I know we reacted accordingly and in self-defense, but we probably could have a been a little bit smarter about that entire situation.


If only we had some way to magically transport to Whitestone.


I can make a little golden person dance behind that guy there.


From the pixies. If we explain our situation, we can make a decision and either help the were-creatures or--


Happy birthday, Nancy. Totally watching this right now.


And your beard will double in length the moment you put it on. I had to repay you for the raven mask you gave me, once upon a time.


Wand of fireballs, I'll use three charges.


Yes!


I know. I love it on the slate. It always says 'Sprinkles'. Jan-Michael Losada, who is our D.P., and is the same D.P. from last time. Tristan Savage-Tate, our first A.C. Sean Delahunt, who is our key grip. Tyler Hart, who is our gaffer, who gaffs everything around here, he's amazing. Jenny Newman, who did the amazing wardrobe. She sourced all the wardrobe. Wren Witting, who's one of our hair and makeup artists. Vanessa Marie, who is our second hair and makeup artist. Jose Sosa, who was our production assistant. Selina Ruthe--


We can try and ask there, huh?


Can she fly?


Because that was a one.


Beau, should I use my last spell to heal myself?


I'm tall now.


I'm sorry to hear that. Just in case our travels take us in your direction, is there any particular route or island that we should avoid just to stay out of your hair?


Oh, Critters, I love you!


Sure. Yep, I mean, yes.


You know how Vecna rolls.


(whispers) 2d4 + 2.


After she does that, I say  that was my grandma! (laughter)


Four, plus I've a constitution modifier.


Mmm, that’s good.


Sure, if we want it. Do we want it?


Fassbender!


I can see behind the creature, though, because that's within range. So I will do Misty Step behind him and get out of that grip.


I'm going to now move past Fjord and start heading away.


Okay, go.


Eyeball took it pretty well, man, jeez.


We woke her up, though, but it was cute.


No, sorry. 15.


(laughing) No. (laughter)


28. Thank you. Plus Divine Smite is 20, 30, 38.


You have too many dice on there.


The Nina, the Pinta, the Santa Maria.


You can go first this time.


Chicks will dig?


Oh, right, yeah!


It burns!


Give him a pen.


I'll take that carefully. Thank you.


If not, reach out to Allura of Emon.


Axe. (laughter)


Some people's brothers in the room are at a really low health level right now. I don't know who we're talking about, but some people's brothers--


Everything okay in there?


(shouting) You fucking brilliant bastard! Thank you. Thank you. (sighs) This is embarrassing. I float us back down.


Do you still have your fucking gills on?


That had been released already?


Just to sort of see what we're getting into.


Thank you, Marvel Puzzle Quest!


How many fired shots did I get? Was that five shots or six shots?


Yeah. A few weeks ago.


Ugh! Okay. That's good. 14 plus 13, so 27.


All by yourself, Caleb?


I don't think we met either, how you doing?


Here's the thing. Oh, it's Mary by the way, but I think I know who might know what has happened here.


Except for Trixie!


I've been encouraging it.


I don't know. Can't we?


Okay, can I shout at him?


Can I see Vex flying off into the distance?


Kiki, might want to go to into the bathroom. I think that my sister is coming. Whoa!


There's not a lot of shades of gray in your world, are there? It's just shit, or not shit.


This will kill me, by the way.


Shut up! Don't curse it! 11.


I dry the tears away. Do you know--


If I spend a ki point. One, two.


He's got me like this, right? Yeah, sure. I'm going to cast True Strike on him. Cantrip.


Don't shoot an unarmed woman.


Can I arc it so it hits both of them?


Can I kick you in the nuts?


It will make the most glorious bacon!


Do you know if anyone else is in the dungeon down here with you?


Oh, yeah. I rolled an 18.


There's the one I shot.


What? Pick this?


Rolled an 18.


Annoyance!


Hold the torch under one of the bowls.


It's loose. This duty is loose.


Yes! 27.


Go, Pike!


18 for the first one.


Oh no, this is so helpful, thank you, let me go get those.


But they think you're dead.


Sorry, I just wanted to give you a hug.


All right, what about the jewelry and the black crystal?


Grab my hands behind this guy's head, and just give him a full knee-- right thigh/knee, head right into the knee.


Yeah we do!


Oh gosh! Okay. I'm going to prep the spell Hold Person and I'm going to wait to cast it until I can see him.


I'm a lady.


Were you dead?


Excellent idea.


Not all that long ago.


Want to send Frumpkin in?


Earth, big!


Grog! Oh, Grog!


There were two shots with Sharpshooter, which is a base of 16 times two, so that's 32, plus I rolled a ten on that, which pushes it to 42 plus a four, so 46.


Oh shit, the Carvers. Shit.


We confirmed.


Yeah, probably. Ja.


I'm Molly.


I hate when you call and you know that they’re there and they don’t pick up.


Because one of them was my exploding arrow.


I certainly don't want to do that. I want to stay in the crowd, behind people, and I will do Chromatic Orb again, but this time, I'm going to set it to acid, so see if it hit. Oh, that's not good, it's 11.


Just so we don't have to fight another cube, just in case.


Does it seem like it's separating from the rock, even a little, if I take a look at it from the side?


I shout out to Percy, what are you guys looking for? Everyone's so excited! This is so exciting.


Yeah, well. Keyleth?


You've done a lot of reading of the elven culture. Do you know anything about a Sondur?


Which was?


We're not murder monsters!


That's mine; this one's yours.


Should we open it and see what color that is?


I thought he was on the other ship. I guess we were switching back and forth between ships?


Unfortunately, not too long.


Do you want me to take a look at it?


Can I grab her arms?


I'll take a step forward, I'm going to continue moving, this is going to be a running shot.


Or you could just eat that.


I walk right through it and say, Tiberius, where are we going?


Traps and spells?!


Maybe we can start a chant for inspiration.


That's a good question, I hadn't really thought about that.


Oh! We're really good at keeping secrets!


It's Daenerys' dragon!


(laughs) I say!


That's a badass motherfucker, I'm just saying.


He heals.


I'm going to try to drag some of the dead out--


Second one, I'm on his shoulders and I'm coming down, that's another 20 total.


Oh, not good. 11.


No, you're fine.


That's the idea, yeah.


Did you literally write that in the bathroom six minutes ago?


Maybe next time if you write down the words, so you can know which are the most important words.


I'm hoping the floor gives.


Anything near the bodies?


Courtship. And Vax over here is a great wingman. Get it? Because he's--


Four. But it could be that that's the only gem that's necessary.


Are the shops here indoors, or are they outdoor tent markets?


By the end of the week you made your money back.


This will do.


Wow! That's cool. Do that again.


I mean, how does he walk?


Come on. Jesus.


Okay. I pour a little in his mouth. Just a little bit, so he doesn't choke.


You have to tell us.


Nott, don't you want to travel with us, too?


39. Stealth.


Wait that was a 15! Right? That was the dice I rolled? 16.


I've got plenty. Take it. If you need it.


Is that the thing that you wear upon your head?


I would like to do three more days of research and planning--


You bet your ass you do, that's a 20!


You're leaving the puppy behind?


Nila, you seem to know about the woods. No?


No, like, next to Keyleth, like near Keyleth.


Jesus! Oh no!


So you can blow it and we just walk through?


Do I get a point of damage?


They all have advantage, so roll twice.


Oh, I guess I'd be next to--


I imagine the offering was a little light.


They can stitch up the holes and stuff.


Yeah, what the location of the Anvil is?


If I'm on its back, does that have anything to do with my plate armor? Meaning, am I relying on some form of stalking that doesn't make my armor clank around?


Fine, fuck it.


(whistles with the battle music)


14 points of damage does not make me lose concentration, right?


No, the other side of it, I'm so sorry.


I'm immune to prone.


I cast stoneskin on myself immediately. You don't have that much time, unfortunately. Because they are upon you, it a surprise round.


We have a lot of stuff in that bag.


I think we're going to be okay.


Look at that face.


Please tell us. I mean, if it's not horribly awful to tell.


Does it? Okay.


All right, let's do it. Four. That's going to go ahead and-- yeah, it's four. A nine?


There's safety in numbers, you know?


Oh, man, this is just straight rolls.


Did I get in the air before initiative, or--?


God! Darn it.


Go with it! Open up, and he'll read into your inner thoughts. That's his power.


Good job, good job, brother.


Who are bad guys. We're good guys. Well, we're sort of bad guys, too.


As a baroness, I'm very used to getting food when I want it.


Grog, toss me forward.


As you take it off your head--


Wait until we're in the thick of it.


(whispers) I would, too.


That rogue damage. That rogue damage!


Oh, Nott? Is that you?


Oh, maybe that's the key.


Let me explain it to you. That little bottle is worth a great deal. It can buy you many full bottles.


Yeah, everything in your life has been leading up to this point. This is the pinnacle. This is great!


Oh! Winner! (laughter)


But then how do we get all of the ears?


Everybody chill.


I just thought maybe they knew each other.


But in the back of his head, he hears your voice. We all do, at this point.


Oh, let me take a look at it.


Yeah, I'll take the boatswain.


I rush down--


I was thinking I could either do - that's not a bad idea, or I could - That's actually not a bad idea. (all laugh)


Which I could not find.


Do I get to roll twice?


I'm also going to peek my head around the corner and I'm going to blow a little bit and cast Sacred Flame.


The Lightning Arrow is a bonus.


It's a good place to be if you want to run, but not run.


Yeah, careful with that. I think maybe none of us should hold that. Maybe Fjord, he seems sort of responsible. No, don't make it a mustache. (laughter)


Both strikes.


You suck, Ripley!


All right. Yeah, I'm going to try to--


I'm open to it.


So tangled.


That might be smarter, and then you could fight with us, Nott, for a while at least.


That's a good impression. She can be that way.


You wanna roleplay as the character you're dressed as. Yeah, it's hard. Don't do that.


Is it still Slowed?


First one was a 24.


Wonderful, I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on you.


Caleb is actually not over here.


Yeah. Come sit next to me!


Was I in melee of the priest?


Liam can be Taryon now! (laughs)


How is it that Grog is following me right now? Am I making that little sense?


I have another idea. Uriel said that-- he was resistant, but he said that he would bring me in to have his people check me out. Check out my story. What if Keyleth and Scanlan rode in my pockets--


Yeah, seeing as we might be tangling with a black dragon tomorrow, an old one, I think maybe that stuff off you're talking about--


They're attacking the--


That's what she's doing tonight. I don't think that's what she does every day.


It's very high. Wait, 25 feet, 45 feet? 25 feet's a lot.


But I have night vision?


It’s a robe. It’s a beautiful brown.


Total armpit throw.


He's going to stay further back.


Oh no, Jester has amnesia, you guys.


Don't fuck me, Gil. Oh, that's good, Gil!


That's what I want to be if I die. I want to roll as a tiefling.


Like rope or chain? Oh! Yeah.


Come on, you've been working out.


If I may, my lord. I was present for-- please excuse me addressing your grace, but I was present for the battle, and I did see, oh! Quite a set of teeth he had. Oh, dreadful pale. And oh, terrible. Oh, flames everywhere and ripped dresses and heaving bosoms. Oh my lord! It was awful!


On all dex rolls. All right.


I really should have left the puppy with my mom.


Yeah, maybe, or fight it from the inside out?


That's a tricky question. I studied when I was younger, and then I gave it up for a while. I picked it up again recently. It's all book-learned.


Grog, can you carry this unconscious guard out on our way out?


I don't think that's helping.


How far away is tunnel one right now?


I'll make it to the top of the stalactite, then.


I'm going to carry myself and I'm going to do what I can to give off that I'm keeping an eye on this guy, that I'm the guy. That's how I'm trying to carry myself.


If I drop a Fireball, how long it'll go--


Whatever is expected here, Caleb covers.


This is not bad.


It really looks like crying for 60 seconds.


It's a wisdom save, so it's ten plus my wisdom modifier?


That's in there. That is a four, so eight damage.


I seat Coralin and have a seat myself. And pretending to check out the women in the room, I make a perception check. And that is a 16.


We can just put them in a bag that we can hold.


The monogram?


Oh shit. Okay. Well, I would like to rage. Get that fired up.


He's senile and gentle; they'll be kind.


Help me look!


Thank you, darling.


Okay. Six.


No way! (laughter)


Do I still have movement?


You said take his tongue! That's a natural 20.


I have an earring.


I take the cask of ale out of the Bag of Holding and pour him a little glass of ale, and I'm like--


Oh wow, that's great!


All right. I will use Wrist Pocket!


That's a break of contract.


What are you talking about? Iit's the bottom of the ocean. Ships throw people all the time.


So we've got some stuff. What did we get?


That hat has puka shells on it.


Yeah, I got a bunch of rings. See?


Fuck you, Matt.


Have an ale. And collect the money.


So, eight.


Turn it around this way. Oh boy.


That looks like a big bowl. I don't know.


Suck it, grass!


Just hold him.


You do your thing, yeah. Yeah.


17 plus eight.


J-I.


Always say yes!


Charisma of ten, ladies and gentlemen. Charisma of ten.


How were we saying the last name?


I'm going to go to my room. (shuddering sigh) And go to sleep.


No, I am not.


(hoarsely) I'm having really bad - I had bad dreams all night long. I relived the moment from last night and I've got really bad... bathroom etiquette.


We're up. Just barely.


No, just trying not to draw attention.


I'm going to keep booking.


We'll swing by and say, sorry we are declining.


A donkey. A mule.


I'm going to check the road for fresh tracks, see if anything looks like it was disturbed.


You're fine!


And I'm pouring some down Scanlan's throat.


Glass bead?


This would be an intelligence check?


Wait, where are we? Where are the gnomes?


One less d6 because it's not the first attack, right? So 2d6.


I didn't take it.


Yeah. I think that's right, actually. I forgot that part.


Come on, gunslinger!


All right, you get it.


She said "most beautiful." There's a thing out there in the field. Something is moving.


No, he's an asshole. That's totally fine.


We're doing some shit. This is on.


I'm a vampire. Just deal with it.


Yeah, he's dead!


Work that broom, girl!


He is. He's so good.


It's something, it's something.


-- who's never met a real man in her life, I'd be honest, flowery would work.


How far have you traveled? Do you recognize people that look like her?


Oh, this motherfucker.


You know, near things. Can't really see too well, so put me where-- Let's see. I was at the door when we opened it and then I was beautiful. And now I'm not as beautiful. So put me near the door.


I'm going to be so pissed off though, about nothing working. I'm just going to touch him with my toes. (laughter)


I like your armor by the way.


