Ah, very good.


Okay. I'm going to move a little bit. Even though he's floating, I can still move closer to the rakshasa, correct?


Is it possible?


How did you get that?!


Oh. Well, can I stop just short of the door?


I'm going to tell him he's handsome. (speaks Undercommon) (laughter)


One of us! One of us! [laughing]


And the skull is big, like the size of my chest?


It was almost like a beehive.


My balls of fire, and I won't hit Key, will I?


I stay right next to her.


That's true, that's true. (laughter)


Ceiling!


It's okay, Vax. I don't know what a lot of people are talking about all of the time.


Ready!


(clicks his teeth together)


What spell? I don't want to hurt it!


Let's call that a 20.


That book's not worth its circle of salt.


This is dangerous!


Who are you fighting? The zombies?


Oh yes I do, hi. Yeah, so he can't be far.


Bear hug, man, bear hug.


We all get one. I should get one for finding them.


Yeah, sorry, I'm going to cast Hex on the little fish creature. I know that sounds odd, but that's what I'm doing.


I wouldn't be able to cast the spell.


Birds of a feather.


It would be very embarrassing for the people who designed that temple we visited.


That was pulled out of your ass, right?


Who are these people, like, (gasps).


Sure, that hits.


The clothes are still pretty shit, though.


Fog of war, man.


Grog crush!


I was just going to follow them from afar. I forgot they had bows and arrows.


Yeah. It's a thing. It reinvigorates you, but you got to do them back to back to back to back.


Pour it out. I walk over to Scanlan, I grab him by the face and cheeks. Look at this guy! I scoop him up and I put him on my shoulders. I walk over to Keyleth and I say: Look at these fucking two! To Scanlan and Keyleth, the two biggest fucking heroes I know! Yeah!


Well, yes. Yeah, no, we're all happy. I mean, that's kind of the thing, where once a generation someone sets out and goes on the Aramente in order to come back a headmaster, and it's kind of like our once-a-generation check-in, if you will, to make sure everything's okay.


Okay, I stop sinking the boat. Because we're not dying.


Do we have any of that in the bag of holding?


No more spells?


I don't know what they do, but I'm raising my arm up. Who goes there? Who are you? I've had a really bad day.


We should take a look.


I'm backing up a little bit. I'm going to step back ten feet.


I'm going to pick the one on-- the middle.


Should we run back, or should we saunter back?


Wait. Vax, slow down.


I'll lift up my leg a little bit. Squeeze it out.


You have guns?


Anybody feel like finding out where this High-Richter lives this evening?


I mean, the name of the group is kind of a thing.


You're going to get your bear killed.


What if we weaken the outside and then hit with the earthquake?


And if she prefers you over me--


I don't think I've ever had milk.


I'm debating whether or not to touch the sword. And I'm debating whether or not you should touch the sword.


Speaking of choice, what's yours?


I receive it. There's not much left. Most of it spilled.


That is problematic.


Can you keep him from attacking Whitestone?


Quiet happy time.


It's also very hard to put an earnest relationship in a coin purse.


Just bluff your way through it.


Well, I wanted to not be quite in a line with everybody else. I was going to be on the steps, if that's possible.


Should I say, in Giant, (in Grog voice) What say you? Let's fight this bastard. Together.


We could go in with the rest of the Fire Ashari that are there. We can meet up with Cerkonos. Is this whole ziggurat encased in whitestone?


Briarwood?


(chuckles) Yeah, that's right.


Hi! (laughter)


And how about the basilisk eggs? While we’re --


You are a very intelligent and observant man.


It's a little bullshit.


And yet somehow there's a dick in the signature.


I'm following his directions and going there. Journey's End, yeah.


Caleb does what that bearded dude in the GIF does, going-- seeing that happen, and I cast Scorching Ray myself, and I will send one ball of fire at the next pot.


I can add things to it, right?


I got 4,920 platinum.


She's all growed up.


Loved the birthday song, it was such great energy. You guys did so good.


Is there wood?


Rubies are very sticky.


Oh! On me?


It is mayo! Take that!


If there's two of me.


Can I use Uncanny Dodge with it? Or is it too late?


Oh shit. Cops.


18 for the last.


Oh, well then, fuck it, let's pull it off.


I mean, do we have to stay in the square, or are we allowed to?


A girl never tells her age.


I look forward to giving the lesson, yes.


Okay, and we're just figuring out a little easy armature that won't get in his way. And I'm peeking at him, seeing how he works--


Well, I mean, I've recently discovered that that misty Wind Walk spell that I cast on all of us is not great for battle, but is great for travel. And that lasts for eight hours.


So we might as well kill them now, while they're stunned.


You may have all of it.


Oh, yeah. Can he run up and attack the other one? While keeping his eyes down?


For heaven's sake, yes! I did.


That way we'll have an early warning before they even manage to crawl their way up.


Oh, fuck. (stammers) We're thieves?


Do you know if people still try to live there? We're looking for someone.


You can try again in ten minutes.


There was a valley between her pecs-- her breasts, I guess? And there was a nice little resting place right there that I laid my head for the night, and she draped her arms over me and they were like big sweaty blankets. And I needed to get up to pee in the middle of the night, but I couldn't, so I just held it.


We're looking through the books, yeah.


Well, the job is the job. We will be watching our own backs regardless, but the job is the job.


Team Downstairs.


Percy's having all the fun. And I start smashing that fuck that's looking at Vax.


I walk over and put my hand on Taryon's shoulder and keep eye-contact with Korshad.


20. [cheering]


Right up top is "M S T," which is makes saving throws. That's what you add to make saving throws. That's Sam's little guide to how you can remember the layout of D&D Beyond. And that's it!


Back to the pool house with you.


Prove it.


You don't have to.


So, here's the thing. Do we barge in, totally risk our lives? Or try to find a way around this situation?


Oh, jeez. Oh, jeez.


Ah, shit. We don't know anybody who speaks Infernal, do we?


Get no blame from me.


The people that are with Dolan, what do they look like?


You could attack with your chain.


You're stationed here? Are you allowed to leave?


Dogs are attacking the village!


And most of it appears to be obsidian?


I'm watching from the crow's nest.


I asked!


Well, that's not true. I'm fine.


To what end?!


The ones within melee.


Wait, who? Me?


Sure, sure. All right.


And like a little cuttlefish instead of a instead of a parrot.


Can I program the word? I've programmed it. Perfect.


I'm going to wait until he casts Dancing Lights.


Best idea ever.


Yeah! Oh. Sorry. (all laugh)


He's your--? Oh. Well, I'm not going to fuck with him. I'm going to-- you Dominated the guy?


No, just to Fjord. Wisdom saving throw. Ha!


Oh, yeah, you're very welcome! Hold on. Is there anybody else in this hallway before I give away my last bit of food?


Take that 200 gold, consider it their bail and time served.


Isn't it dwarf-sized? Or is armor also shrink and expand?


Beau has experience with this area.


Huh? Say what?


We can't risk it.


Weigh the nuts.


Let's see what happens!


A corruption point?


Laslo has jumped bodies.


No. Congratulations, Marisha.


Not yet, but I do want to. I have to pick, it might be just Nancy Drew fanfic, I'm not sure.


It's a hard truth that only one of us is irreplaceable.


Squeeze us?


Let's call everyone. Has anybody seen Tary?


You can't predict when people are going to be shitty.


Yeah, the boats were--


Level two, level two. Gust of Wind.


Wait, who? Who?


Then I say destroy it.


(sings Terminator theme)


It could be. I'm not quite finished yet. We'll see where we are tomorrow.


Oh, that's an eight.


Let's bring everything inside.


Personally, I was flung.


I'd like to punch the wall.


Not anymore, it's not!


57?


Can Vorugal see this spot?


I assume I would be a fine husband.


Nah, he wouldn't know that.


(singing) She's got a giant sword, but who cares? You've got to ask her!


I know that natural 20 is just going to waste.


Jester, I'm sure all that action probably messed up your Locate? Or is it still up somehow?


I go and grab a servant and tell them to quickly remove all of the clothing from the wardrobes in the guest quarters so that they don't do it again.


Is Ashley texting?


Thank you, Yasha. I understand your concern, Caleb, I do. I have a small curiosity from the things that I've seen. I have no interest in dealing with matters that predate time as we know it. I'm pretty simple. These days I've spent with you are the most exciting of my entire life. I'm not looking to end them, or the world, by frivolously giving up something that I barely understand. I'd like to try to ask if we can go separate ways and if she says no, I would play that we would join her and her voyages in the morning and then sneak away. I'd like to try and do it amicably, if we can.


But I did roll shit initiative, as usual.


You guys, Taliesin's a bear. (laughter)


Is it super freaky?


Even if we move out of the radius?


Maybe if we put Shorthalt forward...


I close my eyes and I start walking straight ahead.


Don't look that up. It's just going to make you unhappy.


I can cast it onto my shield, and then on the carpet, and we would have a double--


You could always get swallowed.


Yeah, I gotta see that flute, though.


How did you get away when they-- with the rest of your family?


Yeah, and if Vasselheim is attacked, you don't go saving the city all by yourself.


I mean, the amount of contact we have had, there is no question. You have to go. (dying noises)


I'm going to heal you.


Do I get advantage because I'm standing in the woods? Six!


I'm suggesting that she has an unquenchable urge to make out with her husband.


Look at this.


I think we should--


(singing) Hallelujah! [music]


Yasha can go first.


So he has to save against a DC 15 for poison on the second attack.


I'll throw a little in on this.


Take them out! Take them out!


No, wait! I shouldn't because I got a proficiency, so we're both stealthy stealth. We're fine. So we're just going to go. I'm not casting it. But here's the thing. Everybody stay right at the bottom. We're going to fly up, but we're not going to fly up more than 60 feet away from them.


Don't try to stick this inside of you too, though, okay?


Like kill us all? No no no. Say they go first. "Go, go, go, go." And I kind of start teleporting through the tree and while I'm in the Sun Tree I just want to be like, "Hey, boo."


And I'm going to just give a little inspiration to Vax. That's Laura, obviously. (all laugh)


I think what Beau is trying to imply is-- I'm going to use something a little more basic. Do you know the story of the scorpion and the turtle?


We've got to figure out how to get Grog back.


So you guys haven't gone to the war camp.


So there's no way up there?


27. Not very good.


No, she told him that it's coming, I don't think she's telling him a specific time.


16. It's held in place, and it takes 2d6 damage. Hold on. It takes five points of bludgeoning damage.


Check the book!


As he's milling about, Light.


Wow, this is a really good talk that we've had.


Because you're a siege monster!


What if we have a contest?


No, no. She's a fine player and a fine, upstanding person, and you should take special interest in her. She's a good one. Please, if she continues on with your troupe, take good care of her, all right?


14 on the second roll.


Ukurat.


Nott, be real careful with that doll; they put little spirits of kids in those.


I guess we head to the prison.


Scanlan, you still have a mansion?


All the people who wanted to go first are going first.


Can't see much. It's a taller ceiling, there seems to be a platform in the middle and some pillars.


Should we, before we get this shit going, have a feast? A big fucking feast?


Have I met-- I don't know-- My memory is not-- Who are you?


Oh, I can't tell if that got worse or better.


More that. It hasn't happened that frequently.


Perception? Oh no. Did you see that?


Laura, of course, some old friends  Mary Elizabeth and Noelle Stevenson


So it just goes on the head, then how does it work, what do you, what do I talk to it or do I think it or what do I do?


Yep, trailing.


Do it. We need our healer.


It feels weird going and picking someone out. That feels dirty.


Second one, nine, damn it.


(whispers) Hate you.


Why you so interested, huh?


You guys keep it quiet up there, please?


No, I think we should save.


We went kitten-smushing.


Travis takes up this side of the frame.


We'll land a little bit away.


Oh, the wolf in Whitestone?


That's not a plan.


We found Ren. We--


I would like to inspire our new fellow, Zahra, with a quick little ditty. (singing) Ooh, you so scary, ooh, you so scary, ooh, you so scary. You fighty long time. (laughter)


It's normally so loud (laughs).


Y'all going to hype me to death?


Lets pack some food and some tea and stuff before you go, you're going to need some--


Can I find it? What is it?


I pull it out.


Let's go knock on the door.


I don't think that's a clear win.


That would be 11.


Yeah. 25 points of damage.


She puts down knick and holds knack.


For non-combat things. I think we should create a diversion, but let me do it. I can use my deck of illusions to generate any kind of number of sorts of creatures or whatever that I can control. I can simply toss one out, I believe 50 feet ahead of me, and control it and get their attention. I can draw them back through the bridge, using the illusions, taunting them along the way. They, of course, will give chase, because they are (chuckles) idiots. And, as soon as we get enough, we can all-- you can hack away at the bridge all you like, Grog. We could both burn it, we could hack and burn.


Are these arcane glyphs, or is this language?


What color is pit fiend blood?


Do I speak their language?


I have 40. No, I'm getting to Nott.


I forgot my proficiency bonus went up.


You mean your magic glasses.


(hearty laugh) Delightful!


Ten games ago, though.


Wait, go out on the street? You're not going to chase down what's-his-butt?


Yep, that's a 19.


The big one. I'm going to do what I did to him before and I'm going to bring my hand once around, twice around, three times around and cast Scorching Ray on that one only. First is a 17.


Add 100 to that and that's somewhere Grog.


Arm wrestle! Bets on Yasha.


If we do that, the three of us would do the talking, naturally.


Let's go to the right, then.


No, why?


And they've done it before.


And she knows about all this, as well?


All right, thank you.


So we got like 24,000 gold pieces?


We start getting out of the room.


How long do you keep our blood for?


Okay. So I’m going to go to there.


Let's bring him back.


Have you not crawled on all fours before?


Yeah. And if he's a man of his word, then those people that are in get led along to this magic place where you can go and smash Chicken Little.


I fall flat on the floor.


Hold on, what is he doing? Is he casting a spell?


That is a-- why I'm looking it up-- a ten.


The first attack is a ten?


They're dead because they got captured. We're stronger.


(as Yasha) No.


True, true.


Totally fine. I'm an elemental for a reason.


Well! Oh dear me. Oh goodness gracious. Be happy. Life is loud and noisy, and it's a celebration. I didn't know that. So once in a while, with what little time we have, be happy. I was wrong about you, you know.


The old apple-in-the-hand?


And you are definitely not--


Put your armor on.


One red Nila feather.


I have to pee, too.


Yeah, before he was famous. Marisha, you've got a little food on your mouth. Under your lip. You got it.


Oh yeah! So that's 17-- 17, 18, 19--


Yes, I hired you.


Do you have any more Identify left?


Doty, just hold him over the edge.


'Sup, bitches.


I know this is a really stupid time to talk about it, but we never get to talk to each other, and I have a serious question. (nervous laugh) Relax. In that tree, that guy said a lot of fucked-up shit to you, and it just sounded like a lot of fucked-up shit and him trying to make you feel bad, so fuck him, right? Fuck that guy. But he said something about a dagger? And I saw your face fall.


I wanted to get to the main tent to see if I could sense any evil in the big, main tent.


Truthfully, there are ways that I can hurt people with a spider, but I'm just talking about having a look around so that we are not walking into something different than what you saw last night.


Yeah, of course. Frumpkin is now like a backpack on Yasha's back.


Yes! (whispers) Trolls!


Okay, but whales are 60 feet, sharks are 40 feet. That's our problem.


So technically that's a gamble, and if the thing you ask for never happens you forfeit your turn?


Where does it look like the most convenient entrance? With ice and stuff?


Is it a bear skull?


Come in, Vax. Earth to Vax. Tune in Tokyo.


What does that even mean?


I'm sorry, Matt, what was the hit point damage?


13, 14! Plus, I get an extra damage for my collar, so 14.


I've been keeping an eye out, but yes, I will keep watch.


I was just waiting for you to pause.


With advantage, or no?


Two plus seven, and it's silvered, if that matters. That's 16 points of piercing damage.


All right, so we're going to hike to the outskirts of Westruun.


Five and five! What does that mean?


For putting us in her capable hands.


I don't care for him. (All laugh)


Matt, are we in-- are they going to pass us on the way out?


I'm going to yell, Lux! Whatever that would be in Celestial. First light.


Do you have squibs of fake shit ready for this?


Well, the casino's tonight. The deal's off. We can't get Grog in a fight.


I would love for you to tell me about it someday.


Oh wait, disadvantage, shit. That's less. That's 17.


If I'm prone do I still get to roll to roll through the coals to avoid it or some shit?


It depends on how much you want to pay for it.


How close can I get without doing a stealth check?


We're basically doing a contract for free.


Why does every roll have to be-- Oh thank god.


What about Kiri?


Oh, you know what? I'm sorry. One second. I forgot, I owe you some money, don't I?


I don't give a shit about these bodies. I care about what they are carrying.


Can I do a check-- A snot check?


Then let's get the hell out of here. There's nothing for us here.


(whispering) Lean in, girl. Lean in.


You are a hero!


74.


I am not able to do that.


Survival?


Yeah, you too.


Are we forgetting to describe things that are of import on this ship? She did what?


That's my favorite kind of oatmeal.


It's pooped into the passage.


Do I get six on both attacks? I do, don't I?


Right on the guy who's right in front of us.


I think it's evil. I reach down, I pick up one of the ivory die.


Okay. That is not that much, actually.


What?! Ah!


Nope. One.


Yeah, I drew that one! Last, but not least, it's a Fanta-core! (laughter)


That's 26?


Yes. Is the skull going to be safe here while we're gone?


To ten.


15, so this is a 26 to hit.


Of J'mon Sa Ord. Spoke very highly of you and she's working on getting your name cleared.


That could be funny, too.


Can I grab her by the scruff and run?


Sylas Briarwood.


Nothing.


All right, Pass Without a Trace?


40 feet, 50 feet?


Percival, what do you think we should do? Go seek revenge on your family and get some blood on our hands, Briarwood blood? Or do the sneaky thing and try to--


They didn't, they didn't, they didn't?!


I will too.


So, I don't know, finding out secrets about people doesn't feel good. Feeling like they've broken your trust in some way, right? And being trustworthy is very important.


No. Okay. All right. Oh, that's fine. 20.


That's where you find carpets, I was about to say, yep.


Timing is everything.


We always try to source locally.


Yeah, whatever's closer.


The bow is a wonderful thing. I have a pretty fucking cool bow now, I don't even know if this new one's gonna be as cool. You don't even know what Mythcarver does, Titanstone Knuckles aren't advancing at all, who knows? Maybe this bow is shit and the whole point of this is so we can help people.


Pike, will you do me a favor, and will you get word to Kaylie somehow?


I'm going to use an action surge anyway, so it doesn't matter.


I know enchantment and transmutation.


Can you throw the bomb in there and they would all maybe attack it, and maybe it would blow them up?


No, I cast Invisibility after I cast Dominate Monster. I'm going to leave the mansion and clockwise around the game board.


Did you print out a picture of a bullet?


I think that old woman was doing something weird.


But I'm just saying, you know, if you need to lean on me to develop that sort of the economy again, I'm here for you buddy.


I'm going to burst out of the tent. Can I make it to the one that Beau is fighting?


We're at the front gate.


Oh god, get in the cavern, get in the cavern! Get in the cavern!


Like a cattle auctioneer. (imitates auctioneer)


Well, he's a new friend and I talk when I'm nervous.


Then I'll get hurt.


Okay, am I close to Vax at all, if I peek out?


I'm going to go in and look around some more.


We'll have her look at you there. I do a Gust to do that air umbrella thing around all of us.


Okay, then what do I do?


Okay, I'll do a-- I'll shoot a Glacial Blast at him.


Okay, this is a joke. I need to actually go to the incense store.


This is the most hilarious thing I've ever seen.


Light up swords.


Okay, okay, okay. (sighs) All right.


(excited gasping) Shut the fuck up! She has to roll under her level, which she did.


Was it coming from that direction?


Roll.


You should write a song about Aldor.


That is a pretty big matzo ball, my friend.


Also, the thing I was looking at, our version of the smell bag. It's like this artifact that we got from an assassin that lets you look into the creation of space and time and the universe.


27. 26, 26.


You guys see him too?


No, I get up, I get it. Hello!


Okay, would you like me to try to--


That is a beautiful idea.


Right? It's all just night, all the time.


How about, spend the evening with? Spend the evening with.


20-foot panels... It doesn’t really specify right now. Is it supposed to be 10... Okay, right. Right. So I think that’s about right.


Oh, like puppets. I'm a big fan of puppets.


Yes, and I would like to eat somebody's face off.


An exploding arrow!


No, I hated it when you punched the cow!


So we got to make it come to us.


I think she has a sleepover--


Oh, that's good to know. I was going to pay you to put the kibosh on her.


The War of the Beginnings.


Titan creatures? Titan creatures.


B-A-K, that's real soon. So I'll be there.


Huge Brandon Sanderson Fan. We've talked about this. Yeah, we've talked about this.


Shady grove. I bet the Shady grove.


I think you'll find something for everyone in there.


Thaumaturgy makes my eyes go fire. (laughter)


Enough with, like, the boring shit.


We could stand out of the way and my Mage Hand could open them all, if we felt like-- There could be--


Can you help me?


She's got the gauntlets on.


It's an ARG, I know it!


Oh, I thought it was Vex and Vax. Every time I get confused.


Listening to this, I reach in. I've got some incense.


We did get the dog.


Oh, well okay.


Technically.


It was just like this last time, except there was brunch. That's all I remember.


A sack of gold, are you crazy?!


That is a good decision, and it was a good book. I am grateful for the knowledge you have imparted upon me.


Paper cut.


How many people are we looking for?


(whispering) Jamedi!


He might need it.


Oh. Oh, good!


Well, once again--


We would like to charter a crew also to maintain. We're going to be doing a bit of underwater search and rescue, so.


Can I take a minute to camouflage us and then tell Reginald to call him over?


Yeah. Caduceus let's pull off to the side and try to find some cover in the woods. Is there woods to cover behind?


(groans) Oh god.


I want to go find my daughter. I've got to leave. Sorry. Bye. Bye!


I did not know that.


In a zealot city? You want to go to a cleric and be like, "Hey. Thought you might want to meet the underground mob boss."


I'm going to cry again. Nope. I hate Tary. He's a dick.


So this way?


And a person.


I have it if I choose it, but I don't want to choose it.


(whispers) Genuine.


And then one more time, just for fun, and that will be a 16 plus seven, which I believe also hits.


I want to move around, just stay right next to him, but move around behind him.


We're pretty sure he's alive and well. You know, he's a threat right now. (whispering) What, do we have proof?


But Skyping isn’t the same, yeah?


Did you notice no one here makes eye contact with you? It's really weird.


Just feel like I need her.


Hold on, let's tie you up. Grog?


Yep, in fact, I lick it knowing that it's cold and I stick it to my face.


We forgot about that.


Do they look like Taskers? Do they have the same armor?


Holes!


Travel for hire, bribery--


My low fucking initiative!


We haven't heard anything about him.


Oh, Scanlan, but she has really good aim.


Right? So please do me a favor, put your phones on silent, all right? The house lights are going to be kind of dim, so you can use your phones, you can tweet, you can do social media posts, whatever you want, if there's a Cubone somewhere please let me know, tweet at me. I need like ten Cubones. So yeah, just put everything on silent and be silent about it. You can tweet about the show, please use the hashtag #CriticalRoleLive, surprisingly enough. Do me another favor, don't do the concert pic thing where you put your phone up and record for ten minutes at a time, because there are people behind you, as you may or may not know, so I'd really appreciate that. The other thing is, this not a Rocky Horror thing, so don't shout out like, I would like to rage. Don't do that stuff, don't "how do you want to do this?" Don't do that stuff. Be respectful of the people on stage. Think of this as a funny play. You can laugh, you can woo, but maybe don't shout out suggestions. Especially the suggestions that I know a lot of you have in your heads, right? Wait, I have one other thing. There's a merch thing. The merch table's going to be open after the show, is that right? Yes. After the show, the merch table's going to be open, so if you didn't get a chance to get merch, you're going to get another chance to get merch, so don't worry about that. Is there something else? VIPs will get your posters after, so if you're a VIP, you'll get a poster, just come-- where? Upstairs. Okay. Don't worry. Right. Thank you. Let's hear it for Claudia once again, guys. (cheering)


I know his name, thank you.


Okay. Here, how about this  let me cut your face.


It'd be a beast which you don't have--


D&D Beyond, everybody, two new products have been announced on D&D Beyond. The Guildmaster's Guide to Ravnica, alternate title is That's So Ravnica, available for preorder now on the D&D Beyond marketplace, officially will be released on November 9th. Also, The Wayfarer's Guide to Eberron, alternate title, The Werfernder's Gerd to Erberron, available for purchase now on the D&D Beyond marketplace. As a reminder, anyone who already has purchased the Legendary bundle can pre-order or purchase these and any future content at a 15% discount, everyone. Which has the savings baked right in. I've been using D&D Beyond for a while now, and they just redid their layout, took me a while to get used to it. For those of you at home using D&D Beyond, I have a couple of tips, pointers, for the new layout, to remind myself where things are layed out. It's like little mnemonics. It's a weird thing. On the right side of the screen, you can remember "L E F," so right sort of like, LEF, left, sort of. That's where loot, equipment and features are. On the left, is "I A A," insight and awareness. I'll put that down here. Then in the middle, is "A T R," which is things you can add to roll. ATR.


No, I have, they're just mostly--


Grog up first!


So I would have gotten the sneak attack on both those? Or just on the one?


No, this is a normal one, and then I have a question mark, as well.


Would it help if I gave her my Keen Dagger for the rest of it?


But predominantly a melding of humans and elves.


No, we're all magic carpeting.


Does it look like it's going to pass soon?


This is the Revelry?


Yeah, don't touch him.


We could turn some undead.


I don't know. I didn't even know he was a lord.


I would be dropping my planetar shape which is making me fly right now.


Maybe you have a cleft chin.


Yeah, they're all upstairs, including the mind flayer who vanished from the room we're in, so I'm sure he told everyone what's going on. But they don't know we've found the secret entrance, so I think we should go-- Vex'ahlia's correct, we should use the stairwell near the secret entrance.


My cursive is sweet. I'm so tired. You know, I've learned all of these but I'm really sleepy.


Weird. Looks like it's been burned a bit. It's got a little compartment in the front.


It's a French dog.


Yeah, how do you say it?


I know! It's like constant fight or flight.


It was only because Kylre was trying to kill us and she was afraid that you were helping him.


Do any of us recognize the word?


Somewhere I can take a nice bath in peace.


It's chaotic.


No, I will run up behind Shakäste and I'll peek around and fire at the frosty one right in front of Jester.


Don't worry. You're not an audio professional.


On the left.


And then how many days were we in--


I'm not. Pike is. There is an exit door. We can literally toss Pike's ass in the door. How many are you down, Pike?


(hoarsely) I got answers in there, but they led to more questions. What am I to do with those questions?


Yeah, level six!


I will just be visible my next turn.


Yeah, fuck 'em.


We've met with her already?


So...


We're not leaving this thing.


And bite the tentacle to help free Percy. And he gets advantage?


(strained) I want to so bad.


How do we know we're not just interfering with issues that aren't our own? We didn't know any of this until we came down here, and look she wants to take the horn. She wants the horn, and she wants to take it back herself.


Like some sort of bubble.


Trammel time.


How many seasons has it been since someone has knocked on your door like we have?


Dead sprint after Percy.


Hello there. I was hoping that perhaps I could trouble you. We're trying to make our way out into the lake, some of my companions and I, for a small day trip. We've never quite been out on the lake, not this one. Is there a chance we could trade some work on your day's journey for some travel?


What language is that?


That's much better. Eight plus four, so 12 damage.


Only those present?


I didn't poo. I'm sensing with my mind.


Okay, okay, okay!


Oh my god, can you get the water away from the kraken and maybe it'll just be on, like, landlocked?


We'll call that Plan A. Plan B will be that you grab his ass, and I just shove it in. (laughter)


Ah, god damn it.


I think I'm going to want more of this. I'm not sure where it's coming from, but I definitely think--


This guy!


Oh, okay. I'll walk. He's going to hit me, isn't he?


I know, that's what I was trying to get. All right. Well, then, since Vax has that guy, I'll go for this guy. Take him out.


I'm just going to cut his hand off. I'm going to cut his hand off, no biggie.


Who's first? Are you going back through first?


We should probably hurry up then, huh?


No, but being able to study them we might find places where--


Old faithful.


We're going back to the Leaky Tap, I think.


Well, we know we do not necessarily look for a man, which is important. We know that time is even more of the essence than we first implied, and considering that almost every soothsayer I've ever met is as crooked as the day is long, the word is now out that we're looking for them.


I'm doing the Russian Bottle Dance from Fiddler on the Roof right now.


You're so scary and big. Do you have a place that you always stay?


Oh, conflict between the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian Empire. And she was a general for the Dwendalian empire.


Your home city is cool.


I feel like I'm walking on jello, but I like it.


There's a way to do it.


But are they in the way of us entering the chamber?


You guys know what this is!


Three-quarters cover according to the new rules.


Bye, Gilmore.


We need to tell the others.


It's a short life we got. I'm not going to tell you what to do, but I won't tell you what to do. I do want you to be happy.


Now, Beauregard--


Is that what that hat is?


I'm going to give Molly Blessing, so you get advantage.


I like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that.


I have a potion of acid resistance that I drank.


Do you know what sort of people might survive there?


I hop on an eagle.


Oh, hi! Hi, Keyleth.


Does it start with an 'AM'?


And we make our way out of the golden-floored, glowing-eyed guy's house.


I'm going to soften it up with my mouth.


I didn't expect it.


Okay. Which is what?


What? What are you talking about?


I rolled a natural two.


Always. All right, fuckers, let's go!


Can I do an insight check on Allura really quick?


Or we could go to his room and defile his room. God only knows what's happened there.


I haven't done this before. Is it freaky?


I have this hydra miniature at home and when I get home, I'm going to go to my office and I'm going to throw him into the neighbors yard.


Yeah, fuck. All right. Well then, for my action-slash-attack, I, overcome with fury seeing my friend on the ground, pull out Mythcarver and just fucking jump and plunge.


I'm so nervous, I don't even have my dice!


I put my hand on one of their shoulders and say, you showed great bravery here.


Can we keep the dong?


Oh, really? Well. What does mine look like?


Wait. I can get you on the back of this thing and fly it up there.


This one's called just (whisper noises).


They don't like magic.


Where is the owl, the weasel--


Kooky zany. Kooky zany. Big, bright colors.


Let's go check out The Drowned Nest, shall we? There is a better place than the Keystone Pub. We head to The Drowned Nest.


I'm super exhausted--


(tiny voice) Help meeee.


They're two bludgeoning attacks.


Okay. I put my hand on Thorbir's hand and guide him back out and shut the door and say, it's fucking acid in that room. I just sit on the ground.


Oh, the wheel and stick would be good.


You will get 107 gold.


I know. (laughter)


Well, we did that, no?


He came from the sea?


Fjord, there are presumably three spheres, yeah? Right?


It has!


Even if we find this thing, if we rest camping out then we're not at the tavern.


And then I’m going to create a Spiritual Weapon.


Okay. I'm going to spend a ki point to stun this thing, and hopefully it doesn't save again.


I like that that's the most common quip. "Can, can you do that?"


We beat a spider.


I thought you said an eye on a tower, and I was like, that's a different tower.


Werebear.


Don't do that, please, I'm trying to concentrate.


That is amazing! I love hammers!


It's been washed away with the rain.


To see if this is his old stash.


There's undead bodies in the armor!


I hear that, but I'm still going to poke my head stealthily through the door and see what I see. Do I need a new stealth check or?


If they're out, they're helping us.


Actually, I'll bring another drink out to her.


(strained) Yes, I believe that hits.


Okay. Do I add anything?


That's really funny. Keep going.


Ooh, never mind. I was going to give her a scalp massage, but ugh.


I am all for that.


I don't know if that's enough acid to take down and destroy a thing.


(laughter) He will!


Let's roll around a little bit. See if we can see anything else.


Just play the scene from Anchorman.


I pull some paper out and say, "Can you draw these rooms?"


He needs a destination.


I take the symbol and I hold it up to my cheek and I go to sleep.


You block me every chance you get with this one. So that was the first attack...


No, it's fine, I'm having a great dream.


Has the fog not dissipated because fish-head got done with?


Take one, two, one?


Those are hard to find, the Farthing's Embrace.


Do four horses pulling the cart and two solo?


15 on the second.


Well, this isn't working at all.


Oh! Percy's pissed.


Can I walk up to the ledger and pretend to read it?


Jester, how are you feeling?


I don't know, it's less dangerous? I don't know.


That doesn't matter, then.


Is there a tree that this fruit was coming off of?


Oh! You guilted him into healing you.


God, I love Kima so much.


You can actually use it, though.


I looked it up just now.


Just between us. Not forward, just in a guarding position.


Lionel. I pull Lionel aside. And I grab him by the face, and I say, we need you to be coherent and honest during this. And I cast Enhance Ability and give him Owl's Wisdom.


Yeah, but I would ask. Are you asking because that is something that you have no experience with or are you wondering maybe is that something that we could join you in?


Like 20 or something like that?


Are you hungry?


I rolled a 20 plus seven.


Cancels out Faerie Fire and the golden butt?


No. Don't give me that much credit yet, I still could.


Do you want to inspire him again, Scanlan?


I know, it was my first--


So that's a dead end. All right.


Keyleth will fly you back lickety-split, just like that, yeah.


I have no idea what just happened. Yeah. I'm going to double-check the orb room just for a moment, for my own paranoia.


No, she wore it.


I get down on my hands and knees and try to look. Can I look under the door?


I'm going to give you Water Walk for the moment because you're probably stronger than I am. I should probably not do this.


Does it look to be a similar downward suction thing going on like the other hole? (laughter)


I get it. I get it. You're sort of making it worse.


Healing Word again.


I think we need to go.


Fuck, I think I was actually using the wrong math on that last one, too, but that's okay. Okay. Fuck me, six damage.


It was like one episode of the Sims.


Minus-- well, it doesn't matter because it can still only bring it down to 18, right?


Well, no need to be coy, stinky.


Hello again. I have a request of your robot. Your Doty. Am I saying this right?


Oh. Ooh. No, your promise was different. You said 'alone' so if I was like really, (distressed noise) I need to, I come to you--


Flat. Edge. That does feel like a ready, set.


The Allhammer, the Raven Queen, the--


We can find it, then.


That is all right.


Are you awake?


Bye! I'll alphabetize the rest of those ingredients when I get back. Don't worry. It's going to be fine.


Kaylie? No.


You got rid of a dog, that's great!


What could happen?


Yeah, think about it! One one thousand, one one thousand--


And what was your name?


All right, so sneak attack.


You've yet to break single digits with them.


He's out.


Are these guys painted green? Is that what we're doing?


Yeah, it is late.


But we will get stronger.


I was Troy Baker's fluffer. It's prestigious.


I wish I could have done more.


Royalty.


This is not my thing. I am not brave like Nott. Let's get out of here, please.


But matches the same shape?


Is there anything I see on the top of these cabinets? There's all this space above, and I want to see if there's anything--


I should make sure all the doors are shut, not locked.


I could hit above him.


These small towns, most everyone knows everybody else.


(singing) Just like a puppet!


Can my sunbeam go through the sphere?


My anti-magic cone is not in effect, I assume?


Oh, man, I don't know what to do.


Remember this look, boys and girls. On Matt's face. As the chef carefully picks the menu of our-- Yes.


I don't know. It's not like he's hollow.


To do what, to attack half-orcs that work for a dragon?


Of your hands?


Hey, Chode?


I did today.


I'm trusting in Gil, because he also can't make a pot.


And you know how strong I am!


You're just standing off to the side, Nott?


It's why I did divine.


In my imagination that felt vaguely like a threat.


I do another check to see if I see any movement upstairs.


No. I'm going to casually walk in. Just, you know.


Who the hell are you?


There is great stuff and you should check it out.


You scared another one away?


He's so much cuter than I thought he was.


This sucks!


That is an awesome episode.


Matt, is it pitch dark in here?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're getting all our money's worth out of the boat.


Accidentally smushed.


Every fucking last one of you!


I'm tired. This was a long day. Are you guys going to keep drinking?


Ah, yes. You sold my friend a haversack before, and it has these side pouches. Can you sell me a pouch, a little side pouch, just a little side pouchy thing?


A mechanism! I can try. I'll try to unlock the mechanism.


By a 12-year-old.


With disadvantage? Okay. Nine.


Sprinter's Boots?


Did he say excrement?


There's a central stronghold of some sort?


Congrats to Laura and Travis!


Not now! Aw, there's always time for lick.


We've been given mighty deeds to accomplish. We will rise. Or if we fail, no one will ever know. (chuckles)


You have passed through fire.


That's a dope jacket, by the way.


I will message Caleb with my little wire and say: Do you think we should stop? You can reply to this message.


You're at the window. When's he coming back?


I have to go to the water tribe of the Ashari.


This Bloodgarden in the northeast side?


Right. Right.


That pain you're feeling, I've felt for years. Don't think I've imagined every way to hurt you! I could spend years hurting you before you die, in ways you cannot imagine. Now, how do we stop it?


We just ran over!


It takes in the blood?


What other alarms are there in the city that would detect outsiders?


Six regular, three medium, one superstar. If you need gold, I've got loads.


Well, why was he the only one?


I'm going to use a little Thaumaturgy to make sure it's actually got some noise to it. I'll puppet it a little bit.


No, I could change back anytime I want, but I really like how I look. (all laugh)


Yes, the whispers!


Just reinforce the myth, man.


I just dip in my toe in the cold water. Just dip my toe in.


That's pretty good. That's okay.


Oh, this is such a stupid idea...


They would not answer our call but if someone has relations with the Clasp, they are always an option for manpower.


That's like a normal wolf.


I reach in and think of gold. See if I pull it out.


I don't know, there's just something about being up there in the air that makes me feel alive in a way that I've never felt before.


I'm going to then hop down next to her and on that side of her so that I can deal with that.


Hopefully things will go very well, but there's a chance that this thing that you are indicating is not connected to those, so be ready to fight.


Tell you what, Tary? 50,000 gold and you can follow us right now as we finish this very adventurous errand we're running.


Hey! Sorry about that.


Who's talking?!


What?! Natural 20?


But I do think he's dead.


I like decorating my antlers.


He did, yeah. I feel like it's a trait that exemplifies the rougher side of my race, so sometimes I wish I had them, and sometimes I'm glad I don't.


But she might just chop you open and take it.


No, I'm the lucky one. I lucked out. I really was the one who lucked out.


Nice. So put out your hand like this.


Oh that one? I'm taking a sip of it.


That's a fucking dice tray. That's not a card!


Metal.


The shark? Hello, shark friend! Aquatic ally!


I'm not trying to talk shit about your family.


16, plus whatever.


Is the torch in your punching hand?


Pull him back?


Can you tell me a little about this plane? How do we talk to Pelor? How do we see him?


This is Fight Club, really.


Half?


Yeah, it's cocked.


I agree, what's our story?


Actor Scott White.


(Tiberius voice) Poppycock, poppycock.


I promise I will continue to help you all. Even when we're not the best of people, I feel like we're still moving towards something that's good and worthwhile, and I'm feeling the struggle's in my way to bring us to where we need to be.


I forget, and then I remember to do it, and then we're already on the air.


This is my only skill, guys.


Do you want it now?


We can take a day.


I've tagged along.


Is it Alice or Allison?


So one black studded dwarven armor suit, because Pike's the only one that wears full armor. There's another full set of regular plate armor. That's going too. There's a totally decomposed orc head. A brain chunk, two dark elf heads, one random arm, a piece of bulette armor.


Yeah, Molly!


There's more of them.


I reach out and I grab Vax's hand.


Go?


I'm sorry! I don't know what's happening to me. I know that this is your marital bed. Can I at least watch? I promise I won't look at you, Vex. I won't look at you at all! I'll just be looking at Percy.


What if it's a trap?


300 feet.


No, she's going to face him down.


So there's definitely one here.


Oh, I'll dress up. I'll dress up for dinner.


Okay. So it's not a volcanic hole or anything, there's just a secret entrance.


They are. They always have been.


I'm not going to do anything. Do you want to hang out with me, and then you can look in the bag with me?


Hang on. How long have we been in here, versus how far have we been from Vasselheim? Because we are on a time crunch.


35 times two now?


Well, at least she would be twice as powerful as Fjord is one.


I'm going to use Luck. No I'm not, I'm kidding.


Did you see what Yasha just did though?


Shit. I'm not going to risk it. I'm going to point straight up. Is there anyone right above me?


And does one need to be a priest or cleric of this faith to challenge oneself? Or can anyone--


In Halfling, I'll say to Beau--


No, I didn't think-- Thank you.


Yeah, I'd say that sorting books and punching brick walls repeatedly can definitely not be stimulating at all times.


No, wait here!


Yeah, they do. 28, plus I get my two from my bracers, right? So that's 30, plus my Hunter's Mark-- 32 for the first hit.


Oh yeah, I'm sorry. 24 for the first roll.


I have met the devil. That's not him.


Gross. Gross.


No, it's still the same thing!


Okay, well, that's a big deal.


I thought it was going to be like a gentle education, like a gentle ribbing.


Yes, but stealthily.


Thank you for this, I won't forget it. (chair scrape)


Lovely. We'll be sure to save you a small bottle.


Oh, I think that would be fun!


Can't you call to him?


We have a team of hundreds that man the Twitter handle with information.


I'm still engaged with it, right? Okay, I'm going to take two swipes.


But I'll also-- never mind. We're good, 22.


(deep voice) Please step away from the vehicle.


Are we on?


Grog, snap out of it! And I cast Cure Wounds on Pike's stomach.


Beer! (laughs)


Give it a good heave-ho.


No, I wonder if maybe I should be?


Beautiful. She will make-- does she get two attacks?


Because he listened to you so much more?


Oh, the first piece of paper of the game!


I spit out a feather. (pthh)


He's so thirsty! He's just dehydrated.


The best I can do-- I mean, I can cast Divine Sense and Lay On Hands and-- I mean, I can-- poison and disease are things I can help with, but not--


(laughs) Rabble rabble.


My body's still there.


So can I hold my movement until Scanlan moves? So I'll take us both over there is my intention.


I literally don't know. That's actually the problem.


68.


Well, then join me in my laboratory, everyone.


I'm sorry, what is your name?


That was awesome!


We are in hell. If it's going to come out anywhere--


It's like you in Japan, baby!


All right, everyone's around me, more or less?


I take his hand.


And we walk out.


Key Question just came out on Tuesday! It's a show that Key and I created. We talk about Deadpool-- Matt Key! Watch Alpha! For those who want to watch it and don't want to pay for Alpha, you can get a free 60 days with the promo code "question." There were a ton of people who responded to my tweet with the promo code in it saying, "Yeah, but I don't want to have to pay for Alpha." You need to read further down the tweet. I'm telling you now! Promo code Alpha-- no. Promo code for Alpha: Question. 60 days. Go watch shit.


That means Thordak was here.


(singing) His name was Lola--


Like a portal or a prison or a--


(gong)


You're still very tall.


Ooh, I didn't do holy damage for the second one!


And I would like to use my last action to throw at Kevdak, so I should still have advantage, because he's held, and I should have, if I'm hiding, it's a sneak attack, isn't it?


Oh, wonderful.


That's 29, that's 39.


I'll reach in and just grab the inside of it and turn it out, see if there's stuff.


So frustrated that I can’t get my staff up there, I’m just going to go and try and whack it with my fist.


Can I point everybody to go around, keeping a wide berth?


I'm going to pull out my sword and pick it up by the eye socket.


Are you guys--


I can Bigby's Hand. I'll just Bigby's Hand.


I don't know. (all laugh)


So two caves? Four caves?


A cup. Yeah.


There was a diamond.


It'll hold for eight hours, right, or, but I lose it--


You're just losing money left and right.


Nah, you're fine.


Are you Peter Parkering?


I read the card too, I didn't see it.


I don't know the scale, Matt.


Fence-- you know.


Sharpshooter shot, Retort. 20.


Speak to him.


Captain Santy of the Shore Shanty? I love it!


Kiki, the prison that you saw, did you get an idea for how big it is?


Tomorrow I want the thingy okay?


Vex had a lot of hit points, too.


Too true!


Where are you from?! (laughter)


I did arcana.


Plus five necro, motherfucker.


In the next couple hours they said they would call for us.


I know, even with the bears.


But just the edges, don't set the whole thing on fire, because I spent a really long time writing that little bit.


It's going to come in handy now!


It's 10 35 at night. We need to wait until they're asleep.


Jester, help her out there, she's in need.


You just increased my chances by 2%. Thank you.


It has nothing to do with that. People who move from place to place frequently tend to have other stories as to why they're doing it.


Yeah, that never changed.


Can I-- Actually, can I Divine Strike, also?


And he's not going to take it?


I don't know what you're so worried about.


Ow. (laughter)


Look at the veins! Oh my god!


What happens if somebody in one of the other groups dies or something when fighting the creatures?


Those are for you to distribute, they're from jpcguy.


Vax comes back and kills you.


Well, we know the city that we want to go to.


Trip her!


You're RPing as yourself! That's what's weird!


That seems oddly backwards. We need a couple of rooms, a few rooms, a handful of rooms. And some drinks.


It's becoming a Jenga mini-game.


That was a while ago.


To us? Oh god.


Motherfucking druid fish.


Invisible bear?


Only ones and 20s tonight.


Tomorrow evening there's going to be a meeting of that same group and they would like to hire our services.


Do the flying things have magical powers?


It's not fun.


If we have 40 goliaths throw 40 chains attached to--


Did you see how weak she was, compared to Vorugal?


I was hoping.


Well, the critical gets-- okay, so this becomes an eight. Okay, Hold on. Ja. Okay, so that's ten...Okay. Und that is eleven, okay. And then also this becomes 17... It's a total of 19 damage of Scorching Ray to his ass.


I take both daggers and I shove them in my belt, and I start circling down-- I'm looking at the map-- yeah, that way, and just start talking. Tary. Tary.


I'm going to fly straight at his face.


We've had a lot of good times.


Now he is surrounded by all of our friends?


That would work great. I think they'd understand, too. If we did it too early, I think they-- cause you to cause suspicion. After all, we're only trying to make sure that this isn't a trap set for us.


Nope, all clear!


That's only three squares, right?


Hans and Franz.


(whispering)


I'm not leaving Percy.


I think-- I have a thought I haven't spoken out loud yet. Every divine being that exists is accessible through Vasselheim. We are not equipped to handle this problem. Maybe this skull will do something, maybe, that's a bit fucking maybe. We're not equipped, and we don't know what dealing with that thing will bring. We will go to Vasselheim tomorrow. We bring all the people in this keep with us, Keyleth sends them through the tree. They stay there, we find help. We cannot handle this on our own. My first instinct was to go back in for Uriel. We don't know what's happened to Uriel! But we can't do it, we are powerless against those things. Against one of them, let alone four. We need help.


Yeah, but hold on. Also rewind. Seven or eight days on the road, how much money do we all have?


Uh, holy shit!


(groaning) Can it fit us?


We did it, guys. Mission accomplished.


It wouldn't have mattered.


And do we want them to connect so we can get through? Little half loops, semi-circles?


Shauna!


Yeah, but I really am a little worried he's gonna die in the Nine Hells.


New toys.


Does anybody have a good idea?


Wait, did anybody write down the amount that he said?


What about Musel?


All right, so I'm going to throw at that one as well.


Oh, you're reading.


Oh yes, we're looking out for his better interests.


I can do it from a distance, yeah.


What am I rolling, sorry?


You know, it just depends on the day, I guess.


We just need to get in the mansion.


Can I stay with you tonight?


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself.


Ogre and the goliath mauls each. Fuck.


It's two weeks from now. I'm sorry.


What is with skags? Just call us people, please?


Quick, quick, quick!


We don't at all. Not at all.


(swallowing) Mm-hmm.


I was going to say, either that or you hid up a rock.


(kid's voice) The sun is so bright today!


I need incense, herbs, and charcoal.


Haven't you heard of pulling out? (laughter)


Yeah, I start paying attention to the room as well, with Grog.


(whispers) Should we all go in at the same time? Oh you can't hear me; we're not Messaging together.


Oh my gods. Oh my Pelor. Oh my Sarenrae.


You're so weirded out about it. 11 points of damage.


You have glue?!


It already happened, so it doesn't matter.


No, I'm in.


I'm covering, I'm covering.


This is Common?


(sighs) I think that's my fear.


But we have to beat her to it. If she gets a hold of that stone--


Yes, but we would like to write it down first.


Eat it, Utugash!


This Saturday, it's the two-year anniversary of the twitch stream. (all cheer)


But look at Nott and wait.


I feel the wrong lesson was learned here.


Like, a judo strike?


Dice aside, great character.


Just a skosh?


Let's just forget about him. He was a good friend.


Out of curiosity, is this a magic saving throw?


That is correct. Take her and sequester her with the family so not a peep gets out.


Oh! It's the first letter, well, you wouldn't know that, because you don't know how to spell.


Trinket's unconscious!


I had enhance charisma on for a while, but now it's gone, so if you do it, what I had is gone--


Maybe he's just pretending like he's not upset about it.


That's a lucky rock.


A natural 20! (cheering)


Did you say gay-bone?


Of course. Of course.


Oh. 19.


So much is happening at once, he can't see, he didn't see.


Not very much at all.


Did you see anybody around?


So I'll start with Bad News.


I say we head back to Whitestone. We gather resources, we figure out how we're getting where we're going to get.


Yeah, 13, ten plus three. Next attack. That's a 19.


She'll be back.


That means I'm really good, is what that means.


You know what? I'm going to hold off on that then. No, you know what? I'm going to Flame Strike him.


Well look, you shouldn't compare it to you or the things you've made, right? I'm sure--


Clay, if you have to.


Sure, I'll take that. That's a ten.


Maybe possibly not Dungeons & Dragons without Lord of the Rings.


He talked to her.


Is there anything else interesting in this cavern? That we can see?


I mean, I shouldn't have fucking held his attack.


A friendly sparring match is what we're about.


It's definitely magical.


Uh, yoga position.


No, that's just to attack. Oh, jeez Louise. (counting) 23 on the second one, with four points of lightning damage and two points of fire damage.


Taking a picture.


Come down from the tree real quick.


I'm not sure I know what that means, but I will carry this baton and follow your lead.


If I fly on my broom, can I go down and grab Pike? As an action? I mean, as a movement?


We're going to ask Bryce if they have a horse to spare.


It's her psychic power.


(laughs) Yeah, right.


I'd like to, as well.


Under the bridge, there was--


That's about the best I can do Jester, I'm sorry.


So we're in the dark.


Welcome to the party.


2d6 on the second one.


How close am I? How close am I? How close am I?


It was cold in there. I don't know. He's saying that the staff heats his hands, and there was a cloak. Maybe wherever this haversack was from--


We could do a triple. Because I have to get to the Water Ashari at some point.


You are the best there is at what you do.


Well, I must have gone with them and then gone forward.


But you are very charming. I just wanted to tell you that.


I think we're immediately heading to Trebuchet.


(sighs) All right. Then I'll attack.


I did not bring anything nasty like that. I came to be a team player today, like I always am. Captain?


How are you feeling from last night? Seemed like you had a rough night.


Listen, we've all had a rough night. I know that my features aren't necessarily the most feminine. Among goblin kind, I understand. It's hard to tell.


The map.


On the back of his tattoo, he had an all-seeing eye, and I just, I don't know, I thought it was really cool, I feel like it could be cool to have it on my back, right below my neck.


I'm right here!


And then what? Who do we need to check in with? Everyone, right? Gilmore and Kash and--


And then we will reevaluate.


Yeah. Green.


Thanks for being so supportive for those of us-- I mean, we had so much support coming in this week from all the Critters, so thank you very much.


Taming of the Shrew fits, yeah.


And why Eisner?


I'll help you out.


It's on the cover of Dungeons & Dragons Monthly right now. It is the cover model.


There's two dozen of them. I don't want to get that close.


Always naked.


That's a two!


I'm on this one, and I'm going to listen to see if this one's resetting also.


I'm going to track down the women after talking to them over the earring.


Ass-kicked, yeah. All left for dead, pretty much.


Yes. We do.


He's out of the fight, but he'll be fine.


I wasn't quite rested, but it was lovely here.


I take a couple out.


You're still alive?


Naked.


(nervous laughter and noises)


Yeah Duggenator!


No, leave my hair on my head, but I have not had a clean-shaven face in a long time.


Now, what does this thing do?


I'm feeling lucky. Thank god. 20.


That is not the key at all.


I mean, we come back next Thursday, right? Again, right? We play again every week. Every Thursday.


So the only one that's missing in action is the one that I shoved out the window?


I'm going to climb up after her.


A lot of big words.


Magic. Have you never seen anybody do this before? Just make magic go away?


I'm bamfing him back out.


Things do tend to die around us a lot.


Where was that shit during the card game? (laughter)


I'm still watching.


Which I did from the ground, I guess, so I will stand up now. Am I within five feet of that guy?


So we're further down still. We're not near the entrance?


Lightning--


That is amazing!


I use Minor Illusion, one of my cantrips, and I puff up like a cloud of nightmare, and I glow, and my eyes come alight. My tail whips, my fangs get longer. Oh, I bet you did. I bet they paid you so much. You tell my sister, I hope her face still festers.


Can you go invisible and still talk to the tree?


I'm his bodyguard. He's very popular.


Yeah, that one. And the giant bag of gold.


Try it again next time.


You got a gun, you got a staff, You've got-- Is that a skull of your, like, younger brother?


But I wanted to see the prisoner--


Some sweet action with some stuff maybe you haven't seen before.


You can still talk, right? You just sound low.


Love the smell of these places.


It's pretty! Oh, but wait. It's a hot rock.


Okay I'm also tapped as well. I'm going to back up against the tent that we came out of and with a sinking pit in my stomach, my hand starts to blacken and flake and fire springs from the palm and it shoots, and I cast Fire Bolt.


I will take it as well.


You know what, that could've been worse.


I'd rather go to the lady spas.


I'm, again, having fun, superspeed. I'm going to, while holding onto him, crawl up his back and jump over and try to land and try to do the move where I do that and throw him.


Thank you, Jester. Clive, we're not looking for any trouble.


No, it's fine. You guys can be best friends.


Little Cirque du Soleil shit. Both hit. That's a 16 and a 19.


Torch-heating the face.


Wonderful.


Who's in the tentacle next to me?


Oh my god, Vex! (screams)


Did you? (all yell)


Why don't we just blow up the hole?


You are not doing this to us!


You're not even as wise as I am.


Yeah, it's just one person.


Those ducks are scary!


For comfort and show, human skin color, with little fingernails embroidered at the end.


Is it moving at all?


I forgot about that. I kept a ring off that demon that we killed. It's in the bag of holding.


They're weird out there. They're very weird out there.


Whoa! Damn!


I'll move a little closer in.


Okay, so I'm back up to 67 hit points. Fuck. Oh! No, stun, there's nothing you can do to take the effect of stun away, is there?


It's not important.


Tell them Vox Machina sent you!


And are they at the door?


Yeah, they're very good.


Do we have any type of plan of attack? Does anyone know how to fight these things? Any earthly clue?


That's true. We've seen that.


We've trashed his ass twice.


(splutters) No, we can't.


I'm pretending to be a mage right now, so.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds as they're hurting themselves.


Yes! So into this!


They didn't feed the trap snakes?


There might be, but we'll keep an eye on it as we move around to the right; I just have a very strong feeling about going to the right. It's based off of, really, gut-- I'm right handed, so we're going to go to the right.


I don't think we have one.


The nubbin.


As he's holding me up like that I try to stab him with it.


It's like a New York subway over here.


Do you see an entrance?


Let's find the frigging vault!


Oh, no, your shirt is ripped.


That's why she was so pale.


Resident Ogre. CritKarma.


All right, that's fair.


This is stupid as fuck!


Music change!


Four more.


Thank you, god. Shale.


That's all I mean. Don't jump in.


I feel concerned about you sometimes.


Actually, let's say it's one. Not five.


(counting) 19. Whatever I just said. Is that 19 plus 19?


Can I do it at an even higher level?


Remember that promise.


Are there any more gigantic hats?


It's all right, it's all right. Middle of the road.


Well, take it off.


We ask permission to use the anvil.


We need a forward operating base, so who wants to be stealthy or invisible and find an empty building?


It inverted. That's what I always get mixed.


I'm sorry if they're misbalanced. I make them out of soap, so--


Minus 49? I'm at 94.


It's going to be great, but before you go in, I do have to give you guys a pat-down, 'cause you can't go in with any weapons.


Is it a large creature? I know it's large, but how large?


Okay. 13. And 15. 20 points of damage.


Did we ever hear his name?


I don't know if I want to move, this guy is on me.


I'm going to hold the Glove of Blasting.


I wasn't up yet to fix it.


We should move until it's time to camp, and when we camp, we should camp in your palacious...


I would actually like both the twins to go with.


I shove Keyleth into her room.


I'll go with him.


I'm bummed we had two ladies with us.


But that's an hour with a short rest for everybody as well.


They're right behind me!


How epic would that be if they ran back in?


I’ll use half of my movement to get up, and I will stare daggers at him and cast Eyebite against him.


You're welcome. Do you ever get sad?


Shh! I cover her mouth.


I'd like to make an insight check and see if I can get a sense of how confident he feels. 20, motherfuckers! I want to know everything about him. I want to know his parents' name. I want to know his social security number. I want to know what his bank account balance is. And I want to know his Ashley Madison password. (laughter)


Where does the dragon not tread? Where do you know he will not see the trees?


A little drama's good for everybody.


Do you wanna touch my antlers?


Is that-- or am I mistaken?


I was the last one out of the room. Put it back.


She's just very involved.


I tackle her into a bit of a hug into the bed.


Can see the source?


Could killer whales give us a movement speed of 60 swim feet?


Oh, there's an open fucking hole?! That's good to know! Oh, shit!


Yeah. Scanlan can probably turn you back once you get over there.


He was a dick.


Yes! Look at the jaw, it's so forced.


We did find some off of dead things.


Have you done this before?


No, not me.


I mean, not to put a damper on it, but if you leave a horse around here, it's probably going to get killed. There's a lot of shady folks around here.


I want to trade them, put them in a pouch.


Yeah, dog! 14!


About that. We're not staying in town. We are leaving in the morning, actually, but--


How many monks, would you say?


What are those dice?


Yes. Okay. Oh, Hunter's Mark. Motherfuck! That's okay, sneak attack.


Also if I were to unlock it, it would be loud, so that's not good.


Yeah, but I can't leave her.


Yeah, you can get your crew in bulk.


You have advantage on everything.


Do the horses get an attack of opportunity?


I'm just saying it could be unpredictable. It could turn on, turn off.


Any progress?


No, he's saying that if he goes dark, if he goes against his person that we know--


Knowing my people and my tribe, would I know if these were centurions?


So what?!


So, oh thank god it's the Retort pistol, because that would have been really poor. That's a 29 to hit, and 15.


Yeah, that's fine. I'll volunteer.


Is it still-- it's just at the end of the-- all the way down there?


Did he want us to bring back something? Or just clear it out?


General book, could be anywhere.


Don't use the Message spell to drop heavy shit!


Looking up?


Quite.


Yeah. I think it's about two-thirds full most of the time.


Can I try looking at Beau? Check her out and see if I can see what's wrong with her?


Yay, we're back.


--we're doing our impression of Troy, doing an impression of Nolan doing Walken.


Oh god! All right, I'm looking around, taking in the damage. Anything that I notice is particularly out of whack from the last time I was here? Other than they're upgrading the locks, apparently.


Keyleth-- Coralin, darling, could you come up here please?


Try and relax. But not too much.


Narrowed it down. Hum a melody.


Although, to be fair, I've seen this many times at St. Patrick's Day parades in New York--


He probably does. Keyleth, you don't like him very much, right?


You're like two feet tall now and it's really impressive.


(coughing) It got in my nose!


Oh, the pouches that you took?


Are we going by foot now?


It’s fine. Good, four.


Can I see this red thing in front of me?


Of course. Take the evening.


Werewolves.


No, but we got you two milks because there's a two drink minimum.


Quidd.


Because she'll just come out of the room. Won't you, Kiri?


Just put one Grog, zero for Tary, because that's happening later.


They're dark as night, man, of course they do.


I don't know, but Caleb would know it exactly.


You're not here. You don't even know what we're doing!


Matt, I have one of the earrings, and I say Scanlan, what exactly is the purpose for this little escapade, and will it be ending shortly?


Well, I worry that if we break into Sutan's house and stuff a bunch of letters there, but the High-Richter stays in with a tummy ache, then it all falls apart.


I'd like to move again.


Are we visible?


And Ulog too. I think I was sort of mean to him.


Substantial Viking-ness happening.


Where is he? I thought that was you.


Are we straight-up god recruiting? Is that what you mean? Do gods talk to each other?


Let's split the party. It's always the best idea. No, but seriously, we don't need everyone for both.


Common?


I thought you said you had?


We're here for Fjord and also for you.


Because I think I know what it is.


The question, was if you saw anything or not?


I have Sunbeam, which is a 6th-level spell at 60-foot away. No, I dropped my form.


Oh my god. It is really happening. I can't fucking believe--


Yep. We're going to be eating really good.


An-swer.


Yes, well of course they did!


But what if you needed that?


I'm pretty sure.


She's the one that released Thordak, so that wouldn't surprise me.


The Grog and Keyleth show? I would watch that.


Yeah, I'm holding.


I'm perfectly satisfied with my shopping experience.


Of course. Your teeth are coming in.


I just need to pick up a little bit of ore on the way out so I can work on making some more ammunition on the way to Kraghammer.


Can we go to sleep, now?


Straight to the place I just came from.


Whatever you want, Sumalee!


I feel like we might need to drop some--


At what cost?


If we were to be clever, if we're at the edge of Vasselheim, the Vasselheim forces will be distracting his forces, so we'll have less to deal with, so we want this fight to happen at the edge.


Actually I'll help with that campaign. I do some braids, and add some flowers.


I've heard of that.


He's talking crazy, we should find out why, right?


Bow's on the ground!


It's a start. I think the hair will actually help the molding clay stay in place.


I'll turn to them and be like  Let's do the mirror game, man! Do the mirror game, yeah? And that's it.


(singing) You see him Larkin. You hating. (laughter)


All at the same time, then. On the count of three.


Can you do that on a reaction?


I thought I would too! It's really slippy stone.


But he has a douchebag sounding name, right?


We're also going to go through the pockets of the big one, obviously.


Two escaped prisoners, one got them out. Damn shame.


He's held?


Nope. I stop it.


It's got to come from him.


Something about a hut.


Barrel. It's filled with treasure. (laughter)


I'm going to recommend to Pike that she do a bit of healing.


Come around, yep.


I forgot something. When Algar starts his turn you take 2d6 cold damage. So he was--


Oh dear.


I'm waiting for him to do something, 'cause it's so cool.


I think they might try to kill us and then eat us like that guy over there.


Let's split up, anyway.


To be honest, it would be worth actually following through with it anyway. She knows things that we don't. We get to find out.


Train traveling...


Should we let you back out so you can find your way back?


Tiberius, yeah?


Tan lines where his armor used to be.


I'm looking through my eyelashes.


I will say she seems a bit on the fanatical end. She spoke of acquiring powers that I can't even begin to comprehend. Control over the oceans and seas.


So there is one alive?


If you are going to do that, we all need to stand 50 feet back.


Who? Me?


Not great. 15.


I am not taking their clothes, but I am interested to see what they are carrying.


I think they've been feeding these things.


I'm going to go back to the halfling guy that's kind of alive.


I've been putting that weird fruit in everyone's food for a week now, by the way. Just so we're clear.


If you must know, Randy.


That affects-- yeah.


And mix a little black powder into the dirt.


I think it's bad that she thinks that I'm an oathbreaker, that I am weak, that I failed in my promise to her.


You get advantage against bullets, right?


Hi, I'm Lyra.


I can throw out a fog cloud and try and fog us the rest of the way.


That's an interesting phrase.


Can we go home now, please, Tiberius?


Can I step out and find that waiter that we paid for?


We're inside the bubble, right?


Amityville Twitch stream.


You killed Jeff Lobey.


Both of your healers are out, bee tee dubs.


It's at an angle! Move your fucking thing!


No, it's a cantrip. Is that okay?


Was it someone special?


Then you didn't know. There's no part of you that knew you had any children.


We plan at dawn?


"On behalf of HR, the plan-- "


I get on the magic carpet.


And the only person that saw it was fucking Keyleth.


Probably need to make camp.


So thank you guys for tuning in tonight and for all you front page viewers. We stream 6 to 7 hours 5 to 6 days a week. We do a lot of varied programming, from comic book shows to tabletop gaming to Steam group games, indie gaming. All sorts of fun stuff. Every Friday night we have live music and bands play and stuff.


This is Kiva-


Well, let's see. What do I have to do?


The Dawnfather?


Have you met them before?


North, northwest. No, northeast.


Do you like cats?


Pike, can you discern what kind of entity this might be attached to?


Wait, this is persuasion or deception?


Well, I rolled pitifully, so it probably doesn't matter.


I wonder what Caleb's up to right now?


(shouting) That was my shoe, asshole!


Hello, Pike!


No, we halve the die.


Fix right now.


It's just a fucking John Wu attack. Oh my god, it hit. Just barely, because it was a one, otherwise. And that final hit is-- oh, that's good. 27 points of damage, and I'm done.


Oh that's fair! Then they can come back up and get it.


Oh! No we're not in-- 14.


The blackguard, yeah.


But how do I--


I need Taco Bell right now in my life!


That way it matches my cape.


Molly, Yasha, and I will not be stealthing and heading inward, and we'll be just behind Jester's diplomatic envoy.


Okay. Do you want to go that way and I'll go that way? Meet around? Okay.


Okay, I'll get a little-- I won't jump in quite yet, but I'll get to the edge.


It's very pretty, I don't understand what--


This is many years later, though. I can't imagine that any of us would even blink at tusks.


I missed the nut? Ugh. Come on!


Branch canopies over us at this point?


21. Oh yeah, frenzied, so I get three. And 22.


Is there a tree line that I can send her to so she can grab on?


I should say what the Blazing Bowstring does, huh? An additional d10 of damage for that. Would that have been part of the part that was multiplied by two?


That they were doing the Widow's Embrace thing and that they're pirates.


Crute?


They are more than my charging distance as a triceratops, right?


Yeah, I figured we'll use the night air to our advantage, acclimate a little bit.


I can see the square, it's very small.


16 again.


By the way, our 25 minutes is quickly ticking down.


Tiefling? What's a tiefling?


I do regret what happened and I know he was a bad man, but I still hope to never lose my temper like that again.


No, I can guarantee you, no one will interfere.


I don't run very fast. (laughter)


I think it's chocolate milk time.


18 for investigation.


I will confer with my peers.


29! Wait. 28.


I'm assuming.


I don't know if he would report a robbery if he had a Rug of Attacking and you triggered it.


Awesome. Wait, so they can unfreeze? Or are they basically frozen until something--


I hate you, Matt.


Cast Speak with Animals.


Oh, your friends!


She brushes the hair to her side and she adjusts the cloak and you can see the whole left side is black dragon scales and her hand is a draconic claw.


You could pour two whole drinks in there, and it would be half an inch of liquid.


Mainly because we ran out of time.


Using my poison dagger.


We've organized places for people to sleep if they don't have places for themselves. It's makeshift, but-- because it's been a couple of days, at this point?


That's better?


That's an intimidation check.


Put some Greater Restorations in there.


What were you looking for, anyway?


Do you want to say we're up in the crow's nest? Is that a good place to be? Or would you like to be somewhere else? I know you've been below deck for a very long time.


Okay, can I, as part of my speed-- I wasn't that high up, I was just hovering above-- can I go down, scoop up Scanlan, and both of us bolt into the mansion?


Oh, that would take so long. Can we tag-team this?


Delilah. You are going to die tonight. Whether or not it is a merciful, quick death or a slow and agonizing one, controlled by something darker than I know, is entirely up to you. How do we stop that thing?!


Yeah, he was pretty low.


The warden sounds like a sentient-- Ooh, I feel good.


The season that didn't air.


I want to set it on fire.


That doesn't hit.


So would dropping Hunger of Hadar be an action?


I know that's what you said. I said high.


We let the bear come into bars.


Nope, it was just kind of fancy.


No, I don't want to do that, I just want to make my motion hide behind a pillar, maybe.


Oh! Oh, Larkin!


Let's roll.


I mean, I don't want to impose, but I'm bleeding profusely.


Yeah, I know. So tell me what happens.


Let's get to port and restock, and that's when we'll figure out--


The dysentery afterwards is--


Yeah, what do you look like?


Travis is there too! Sorry!


Okay, I'm good.


But that's still a two days' flight--


So he gets healed by a heal--


Oh, he's the worst.


Oh, you’re not with us? I'll have to ask Jester to put this in her backpack.


Tiberius would be mine, I'd take Tiberius.


How far away is the army?


(out of breath) I made it! I'm here! Okay. What do I-- Okay, I'm going to-- I go over to Algar and I do the MMA thing and I put my knee right to his face and I pin him down.


Yeah, y'all look for shit. I'm going to meditate for a hot second.


That's okay. It's a 14.


It lasts a long time.


I'm guiding him along.


Ooh! That's ten damage plus three.


Why? You playing five characters at the same time?


They're talking about going straight in through the gate because they're, you know, respectable.


Yes, I will say to myself  all right, Scanlan. I know that your palms are sweaty. Your knees are weak, arms heavy. There's cologne on your tunic, Grog's spaghetti. But just remember. You're good enough. You're smart enough, and doggone it, people like you.


I come over the intercom and say, Be very quiet. Very still. Very slow.


So you want me to go in there, solo, invisible, and try to blind this thing.


I'm very smart.


For the cool child in your life this Christmas. This would be for the kid who needs something that's not quite outdoors, but not quite a video game.


I want to be a perceptive bastard while I'm in there.


Fuck no. I mean, I rolled good, but--


Sorry, I didn't catch your name, it was--?


It shouldn't work, but it did!


Yes, we have been to the Frostweald.


It's like steel rebar in front of the door.


Okay. I'm having internet problems. View. Okay, I get advantage on this attack, right?


I mean, go on.


(sing) Kill-kill-kill kill-kill-kill-kill! (laughter)


It's stinky in there, but if you want to.


Stop gasping, I don't see shit, Laura.


All right, big and smalls are going south.


I can't believe if we fight one that means we have to fight--


Hey, it's been months. You're looking on point.


The beading on it is gorgeous.


Because we can use your mansion, and when the time is right, we can all scatter in different directions quickly. Many of us can fly. I would rather have these cubby-holes, as well, but it's too risky, and it's too risky to let you go running your little ass off around and get that dragon to eat you in one bite. You're overruled.


Blue diamonds?


Mind controlled.


Can I move behind it a little bit?


Oh? When did that happen?


You're staying in between. I'm heading a little bit further. The daisy chain.


(tearfully) You will be missed very much, Pike.


Just roll a natural 20.


I'm going to immediately -- I'm going to go limp.


Mertin.


I'm just saying, I feel like an opportunity's being wasted here.


Can we check out the stairs and make sure nothing's wrong with the stairs?


No? It was an action for each?


You don't hear any of that shit. It's in my head.


So cool!


Good luck with your dick, by the way. Sorry about that.


Why are your vocal cords covered in dirt?


I'm going to at least need the best masseuse they have who's also willing to do other interesting things. And someone to feed me and talk to me as the entire thing is going on.


Careful, clanky.


I tell her about the Xhorhasian spies and the terrorist that we encountered. Does she seem like she knew that knowledge or not?


Let's just get back on the ship.


Can you bring it down, Keyleth?


JCVD! (laughter)


Did we see that in the black?


It's a giant--


But I would help her find it.


We're going to cave it in after them.


As he's talking, I turn around and lean against the table that he's talking over and see who he's looking at.


Am I right under Percy?


Yeah, who else is in it? Anyone else?


I don't know if you should be smiling this much. You just killed a man. Have a little respect.


What the hell!?


I don't know. I think if it's familiar enough, then I can send it. Maybe if she describes them, I could do it. I haven't ever tried it.


There's no window, it's just wall.


Nine!


I didn't know how much Matt was going to put.


I could also, theoretically-- I just don't know well these things can see through other things. I could do Hallucinatory Terrain right around this and make us look like a little legit kiosk. With a little entrance incorporating your door.


It won't be a one.


Oh, that's great.


Vecna. (laughter)


I'm gonna follow-- I'm gonna inch up behind him as well. I'm still invisible, right? How long does that last?


A legendary?! He's legendary?!


It's a symbol or shape!


So you could pretend to be bad.


Huh. Can we borrow Trinket for that? Oh, Vex isn't here. I'm sure we could borrow Trinket for the day. You ever ridden a bear, old man?


Hi. (clears throat) Kaitiaki, I am Keyleth, daughter of Vilya and Korren of the Air Ashari, and I am here to complete my Aramente. I am--


Oh, and a robot. An automaton. Can I say automaton?


You do?


But we blocked up the one we came through.


That's what's halved?


We do.


No, Kiri. Bren found the bowl. Cali, I would like to help you, but this thing is... powerful.


Daddy Daycare. You and I, we're going to go talk to people.


Oh, that's a great idea!


Are you and I good?


She's my best friend!


That ring, is that high? Low?


You are shitting with us, right?!


I wonder why.


Guess how much he weighs.


Yeah! The chicken coop!


Wait. Matt, wait.


(as Beau) I feel alive!


(quietly) Can we not just hide?


It's me. I got my book, which gives me advantage.


"Mar-quay-ee."


One time. Okay.


Its heart?


All right, Bush Man. Okay.


Is it possible to, before I go to sleep, I have a basic poison potion I've been hoarding. Could I try to dip the tip of one of my bolts in that?


I give him Trinket. Going in with you.


Yeah, Caleb?


A young boy?


I thought Kibble would be dead, but he's alive.


Luck!


Yeah, thanks.


No. That is for my recreational use only. Also takes a minute to cast.


Don't fuck this up. That's okay, 17.


It ices things.


Yes, Scanlan!


Maybe we do them a favor, it's not like we're saying--


Liefen, laufen, loafen, loben.


What's Percy's rapper name?


Is that a ghostwriter on retainer that we can also use?


Have you done some shady stuff?


Because it's what I do.


Please, just come.


I was gonna say-- it's four days, right?


I have a quick request. Before I go to sleep, can I try and find Pike and see if she will teach me the alphabet, before my fox's cunning wears off?


Of course, baby.


I was going to say let's destroy the one in Whitestone. Maybe we could seal it up, leave it because you know, but--


Making up for the last time. Fine, give it to me.


I didn't say not to whisper.


And I was gonna do a perception check to see if I noticed, like kinda do a loop of the temple.


I close my eyes and let myself fall.


Dagnabbit.


I'm in combat range of him.


It's very true.


(singing) D&D&D&D Beyond. D&D Beyond! D&D!


Are we close? What are you telling us?


I speak in Draconic. I say  Sorry, my friend rambles.


Can I take my Grasping Vine and I want to reach out and grab the elven man real quick.


Dead? Dead!


Plus ten from what? Say again?


Or he's terrified of some superstitious curse. Maybe both?


I don't mind rolling with this name Lucien, but does it bring any extra trouble with it?


Oh, so it would be super slow.


I bet it's empty. I mean, it's a temple. The other one was.


Oh! They are called ankhegs, you guys!


(counting) I'm going to stand out here and I'll unleash two Eldritch Blasts at this Enforcer.


It looks smooth. It looks man-made?


I'm having a motherfucking aneurysm.


I can get used to that.


(sing-song) The Shrew?


Did you tell her?


Still 24 to hit.


Beam us out, Scotty.


Okay, how far am I from my best pal Grog?


Probably should have fucking researched that creature.


First one is-- balls, is 17.


Raging strength check. Okay. It's inspiration time.


(laughs) Shat upon.


I've also expended my 6th, 7th and 8th-level spells.


No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


This is where we need the light change.


Or burning on rooftops.


Like a little fart?


Ooh, colored inks? I didn't realize that!


Trinket's going to run up and take his swipe while I'm doing this.


Okay, can I keep going here, or--


I trust your work. Trinket's armor was fantastic.


With a quill!


A123Junior.


This feels great to me. I'm stretching out my scales, letting the heat in. Oh yeah, that's good.


That's a lot of money.


Wow, these guys suck.


Oh, 17!


Yeah, of course it hits.


(singing) I want you to be alive.


No hands in your pockets order.


So, I'm curious, if-- Rakshasas aren't necessarily part of the system, and this guy tends to come in and out and just make people's lives a living hell. (laughs) Hell! We're going! Puns!


What level spell is that?


22. Twice.


I'm really strong for my age.


Thank you. You're so kind.


Matthew McConaughey is going to reach out of it for you.


Who's this Tal you speak of?


You can stick your hand through the barrier and cast Mage Hand and pull back in, yeah.


Take good care of him.


We're going to rest.


And last dagger is a 13.


It says creature.


It's huge.


We've done it once before. We can do it again.


Well, I mean, we're all leaning more towards this than going to the Menagerie Coast for the Empire right?


Pictures or no pictures?


Oh god, roll a stealth check. (gasps) Natural 20!


(whispers) Pike's not here.


Period.


But there's a bear in the stairs.


Scanlan is drunken master.


Does not succeed.


It's a good thing.


It's how much?


Hashtag D&Diesel. That will be showing tonight during the midpoint of the show. Now, there's a couple special things with this showing, you need to watch it live. If you think that you're going to come back later, watch it on the rebroadcast, and you're gonna go dip out for a pee break or pizza break, whatever, don't! Stick around because after it shows tonight live, you will be unable to see it again until Monday on the website. So it will be cut from the rebroadcasts.


There's a larger building, isn't there? I can't see--


This is the best thing we've ever wasted time on.


I can sense him?


I have a few spells that are good against people who can transform, but we're also in the Feywild, so I don't know.


They're not you on the cliff.


I consider being curious a pretty high skill set, but since you're asking beyond that. I'm pretty good with this here bo. Pretty good fighter. Named Beau. It's a little redundant, to be totally honest.


Miss.


Yeah, I do too. I mean, it's probably because you've been crying so much.


It's me. Already raging.


In my experience, there has not been a problem invented that can't be solved with an axe.


What's that, Smoke Man?


Can I run over to the basket that was tipped over?


Well, I'm in like a tank.


You know how to use a blade, Tiberius?


Looking at it, do I think I could disarm it from this side? Or is it something from the inside of the room?


Why don't we back it up slow for once?


(slurring) Caleb's face is pressed into the wall and he says: I am so glad that we have two clerics, they will-- [cheering]


Seven. No, six. Crew of six.


That's my Pike.


I'm going downstairs.


Because it comes from something that would--


How many hit points do you start with, Percy?


No! We have his, er, alliance. There's a greater entity controlling his people, which he has been outcast from, like Vax was saying!


That's 11.


There was a big fucking bear. You might actually not want to look in that cave, because it came out of there and it was rather angry when it did.


I don't want to try it.


Your supply of what?


-- that I can withdraw once a month. (all laugh)


Again, got to kill them all.


Thanks, Heroes' Feast.


I've never seen a-- I mean, I've seen one, but I've never spoken to a--


I poke him and see if he bites me.


Thank. God.


Can't do anything else.


I have two successes. Not that you know that.


If we come back, it comes back.


All right, well then erase the first numbers I told you. It's just ten plus-- it was 17, so 27.


Everyone get your own tree?


I'm about ten feet in front of her, and I walk up. All right lads, open up. She's in one of her moods. Had wine spilled all over her. Hurry up!


Movement, dash, action to grab him.


Well, it's not really hot right now.


Are we all staying in this room tonight?


Your rolls would've been better.


Did you tell her to tell Vorugal anything in particular?


And then do I add anything?


Fuck him. Protto.


We already surpassed the number of seats we had last year, because we have an extra thousand seats in this larger theater. It's going to be a madhouse. We only have 400 left.


Ooh, it's cold.


If an ancient black dragon takes one hit point of damage, it cowers and dies.


Okay. (whispers) Oh my god.


I phantom pooped. Did I find anything in there, by the way?


I'm doing it, all right, I want to stick my bloody staff into his eyeball and make him explode.


Don't get me wrong. I enjoy the form of a beautiful woman as much as the next man.


I'm trying!


Pull it up.


I take a sack of gold out of my own pocket, slam it down on the table--


Kill Orthax.


You don't know that!


These are so creepy.


I mean, you know you want to.


As we speak, upwards of 40,000 gold are being delivered by your finest men. This, with our help, can help construct a sturdy underground layer that will shelter you if the dragon were to come back. It will take days, possibly weeks to construct this. But if you wanted to stay, this would be your best bet. However, we are not forcing you to do anything. If you would like to go with the fellow refugees to Kymal, or find your fellow citizens scattered about, roving in the lowlands, that would be fine too. We need to come to an agreement today, so that we can help you do what you want.


We're going to take those of you who need the most attention first, and we're going to bring you to Whitestone, which is a city that has not been affected by dragons at all. It has much need of people who can do an honest day's labor, and you can earn a wage and find a living there, for the time being, and if at some point in time you want to come back to Emon when all of this is done, of course you're more than welcome to.


You've been brought back. You're standing here. Your daughter is there and needs you.


That's good, right?


It's not just as flashy as the armor though, is it?


(shouting) Pillow fight!


You’re here, you’re still coming in.


I'm going to take a look, but I'm going to pull out my Ioun stone and clutch it in my hand and close my eyes and pray on it for a second. Hope that guides me in some way.


Spice Girls.


Maybe take a rope and tie it.


Garmelie, is there anything in particular about pixies we desperately need to be aware of?


Freeing all of our people.


I'll help search the room as well. I'll look for any other triggers or passageways.


This is through Frumpkin?


Life lessons, yes.


Well, my circlet, I'm a bit attached to it and it's very nice and has a lot of benefits to it.


Do you guys want to eat anything? (sounds of agreement)


If they're under contract, this is where they go.


I join Percy.


I'm on a river. I'm on a river.


Here comes Godzilla.


Oh, it's very in-character.


Fuck! Critical one.


That change things.


Seven, 14, 21, 27, 31, 34, 38, 44!


Check for traps, Nott.


I raise my hand-- no.


Good inspiration.


Oh, good. He can fly.


Oh, I have resistance against bludgeoning as a planetar.


Vorack1024. "Glad to donate every week for such a good cause. Critical Role is an inspiration to my entire D&D party, and watching helps my DMing greatly. Thank you so much."


Please roll high.


Yeah, can we kill something now please, before we learn anything else.


Scanlan, where are you?


You can't be the only one.


Yeah Trinket!


Hey darling.


What if we fly in over the top with the carpet in stealth, put the camouflage on the carpet so they don't see it. Fly in over the top. Stealth in, spy, get an idea of--


Where are those shots coming from?


Who all?


Oh no, Grog, that means you're going to get that much damage.


That's the weasel?


I know what money is; I'm just having fun with Nott.


These islands float, right?


Yeah, buddy.


Okay. To say "yes," it is "ja." That is your first lesson.


That's what I was going to say, is it heavy? How big is this thing? Can we fold it up and stuff it in a bag?


Do you happen to know where those business contacts came from, these people? Do you know?


We search the limbs.


Can I have your thingy


Is it just me, or does that one in the middle look like a fire pit?


We were dying.


She attacked us! And I will not back down from that decision.


Oh, that's wonderful. It's 29!


That's good, because otherwise they didn't get any credit, right? Because it was like, magically--


Should we hand over the rest of our--


I'd like to walk over to the nearest one and ask.


(inhales nervously)


I'm just going to walk as far as I can, so 30 feet.


Gang sign, gang sign.


Yes it is, it's at disadvantage.


Tee time. I was picturing tea; he probably meant golf.


What do I know about this god? About this snake god?


Undead. In the bones.


She doesn't know Fort Daxio. Honestly, she's going to have to know. She's going to have to send them. There's nothing we can do about it.


(surprised sounds)


Perfect. So.


Are you serious?! Are you serious?


And the Blazing Bowstring is another seven.


To piercing damage? To bear damage?


There are chairs?


Childhood cat, destroyed!


Oh man, we're like a strong couple of women.


So, there's no sneak attack damage on this thing, is there?


She took your name for it.


Someone get Travis a subscription to Sailing Monthly or something.


Technically, he's not an honorable man. But we should be.


It's that carving right there. looks like an eye. Does anybody know anything about anything that looks like eyes?


Lao Tsu.


Molly-- Caduceus, fuck, balls! I'm sorry, it happens all the time.


I would like to rage. (laughter)


What were you down to?


I mean, we should take those out too.


In Emon?


Oh my gosh, Tiny, you're tiny!


The wind-up.


My eyes are bleeding!


No, you didn't at all!


Peanut butter and pork.


Okay, you know, let's give it a try!


I'm going to-- oh, sorry.


Just to be clear  I always thought that a T intersection was an intersection like this.


You have advantage on persuasion checks.


And I still have Light cast.


Will you go drinking with me some time?


That's very true.


Well, if he's going in, Taryon will go in and Identify the thing.


Fire elemental? Big, bright fire elemental?


I'm gonna go open and look at Wikipedia. I found it!


My intelligence is-- What is it now?


Aww, baby calves.


Although you wrote a monologue for Clarence, right? Because that was very intricate. We were all just ready--


No, you don't. You don't.


75, so I can't even hit him with anything, really.


Middle of the night, even?


How many of us can fit under that cart, I wonder.


Just a whole bag of that? I want to look at one.


Okay, let's leave Keyleth here and just go.


Oi, mates! Have a butcher's and be gobbed by this brand new D&D Beyond mobile app for your dog 'n' bone!


Jester. You recognize those stuffy pants people?


Are we supposed to tip?


Trip him again!


Our options are a headlong advance into the middle of their camp. That's a big fucking force.


Whatever it was, yeah, lock it in. That was great. Really nice.


I will say, what we have learned on all our travels on the ocean is, the days are long and you have to make your own fun.


Got Dolan drawing it.


I want to try to do the same thing again.


Was it a thousand-foot cliff?


Fjord's literally the only one that can charm a guard. Unless we bribe a guard.


They're all right. They've got their good qualities, too.


Should I make us all ghoulie?


Oh my god. Ooh! That's not bad.


Eight hours!


And we back away from the thing.


He's going to talk to you.


He doesn't like me, and he doesn't like the books I read, and he doesn't like that I like fantasy novels, and he doesn't like anything about me.


You guys are doing it.


But we should take watch.


Are they suspicious?


Pick one.


Yep. But there's a lot happening. It's just a (splash) everything's like that.


I would like to. Rolled a 23.


Were you saying you were going to come to me? There's the 18!


We'll just wait for Nott. Go Nott go.


Fuck, man. Bonus action, I'm going to vanish.


No, I'm staying on the other side.


Or she could probably lift Grog up.


No, hold on. This is dexterity.


You want to stay here?


Ooh. Then never mind, we kill it.


What were you fighting?


I think it's something that kids play. I have a better version of that game. We can play it later.


Doubled. Halved.


Any sign of umber-werewolfy--


All right. What about after you're dead?


So we're doing the distract? But then they know somebody's there! If we just come out of the water and attack, we get a sneak attack.


Of cakes. To be fair, we are going to be eating them.


I've got an idea. I think I know how it works now.


Oh. Yeah. That's a good point.


Oh, if it's a cantrip, you can do it over and over again.


I liked it when Grog got it on with a, what was it, a nymph?


Sure. Here it comes. Whee!


For the first attack, second attack does seven, and the third attack does ten.


There was an extra platinum in there.


Character details, under description.


Oh, hi, Pike!


Vecna is out and ready to fucking destroy.


You have no preference?


Don't tell him! Let it roll.


So she can see big Percy, but realizes it's not big Percy.


Yeah. I'm going to peek out the door.


That map is gorgeous!


Oh yeah, you know, like Loot Crate and stuff.


One day.


Only if there's money involved.


What's going on, man? Hey. Good morning.


Teleport us!


Including a little walk around.


Sticking with the plan.


Right next to Pike!


You'd have to lean over for that.


I'm going to use my bonus action to reload, and that's my fucking turn.


-- and she could stay on the crew. Just a quick little marriage.


So far, we've delivered a dead body part to someone, and had a brief conversation with a guard.


Yeah. That's not good.


Tomorrow, Fridays.


Okay. Seven damage.


Is Doty...


All right, time for a vote!


I'm going to just be going--


Should I add that now, or should I wait until it actually gets delivered?


He and I used to perform at the Ren Faire together, it was a thing.


I don't speak Latin.


You could be inspired, god damn it!


From the jewels? Okay, so yeah, you're fine.


Okay. I didn't realize I was up so quickly. All right.


We can do that in five minutes.


I think here. I feel like we're safe here.


Okay, well at dawn, we plan?


14, 19.


-- at least six trust funds and they're all managed quite well.


So wait, we stay hidden and you call lightning.


I suppose I am a bit proud.


I still was charmed.


Nobody else is grappled.


How tall are you?


As a hat.


Roll the d20 twice?


I drop the skull.


Is the door protected? Can anybody come in, or is it only if you invite them?


Well, we can tell that can't we?


Around Scanlan?


Can I drunkenly fly down to everybody else?


We drop down.


Is there anything around that looks good to take?


I'd definitely be Grog. Just the complete opposite of what I can do.


Get out of here!


Oh that's good.


Yeah, we haven't started walking though.


So I'm gonna come out and I'm gonna vault off his back and try and do a pounce over top of Tiberius for that duergar that's closest to you. What am I rolling?


That map is awesome.


Twill Pillikins.


I just go (pop) and do a little jab, okay. That's an 18.


Shit. Damn it! Is there anything to tuck a pamphlet into?


It occurred to me from what your friend said that this location might not be entirely above ground any longer.


Can I look up, too?


So your duplicate is somehow less useful than Trinket? Is that what you're saying? (laughter)


Worst show ever. Okay. That was one of the captives. Do I see where the other captives were taken?


Was it her? Or was it Vecna?


So that I can attack him.


Oh, like lightning! Yes!


Can I jump away as a reaction?


You've got to get the dial tone delivery. I want to be on you.


What a tease. What a tease.


I open up my cloak and sitting in my pocket is the tiniest, cutest little squirrel you've ever seen, with the tiniest little nose.


Team Eight.


And she's going to cast Cure Wounds at third level.


It's a small group of people. They have to.


23 investigation?


It would not be the first time.


He's double grappled. Shit, I forgot that he was already grappled.


Twenty feet speed.


Yeah, but wouldn't somebody be keeping watch on the ship, though?


I cannot wait for this shit! I am in this shit! Finally, I'm so excited.


See, and it's a big hassle.


Trinket, careful.


And I'll look at the one on the right.


I'm getting this sword. I'm here now under the fucking ground!


I'm going to attempt to hide in the corner.


They were red. They were red rocks.


You used your mind.


(sultry) Jump up his body.


--I grab Scanlan and I kiss him on the cheek and make him stay. (all gasp and exclaim)


You know, the way you turn into animals and stuff is really cool.


Would you like one?


And it lasts for 30 days.


An action to repair.


I take out my staff and I say  Do your parents know you're out this late? Or are you trying to prove something?


Wow, just -


That's great! Was she happy to see you?


What if you sacrifice me?


Ooh! They're slave trolls!


Where is he? Where is he? All right, here. You can inspect it, scan it for magic if you'd like.


And I'm gonna use my bonus action to hide again.


Oh, and it's airing Tuesday, by the way. It's airing on Tuesday. On geekandsundry.com.


Can you turn invisible?


19 plus two is 21.


Another 60 feet.


Oh no, people are watching.


Where do you live?


Does your armor, Pike, do anything against people that are attacking you with melee?


Whoa, that hurt!


That's available on Android.


Can I get within melee of this guy?


Yeah, we cannot let that go.


Yeah, it's 120 feet for the javelin of lightning.


Yeah! Yes. Yes! That's bad, that's a natural one!


I know. And most of the time I just find out if it's going to rain or not. It's not that useful.


Next week. The first one goes out on Wednesday. So the more people who go and look at it, the more we may get later.


A lot of horses and chickens around here, too.


Thank you, darling. Oh my god.


We're in the middle of the ocean, Jester.


What? No, come on.


(snorts) They're posing as the Howells?


So far just eyes, though?


I think it's a great idea.


Gimme the carpet.


So you rush over towards him, as Doty's got him maybe ten feet from the edge and now you can see as he's like, "Oh! Pike?"


Is the sun in the same direction that we're heading?


Careful, butterfingers.


Manna from heaven. Manna from heaven.


Worth the risk. That's exciting.


Do you have The Dog with you?


Plus, If I give you a direction, you can tunnel in that direction, you can earthglide in that direction until you find the sword, grab a hold of it and try to bamf back. Let's try that.


I guess not?


I did the voice of Ultron, so you can hear me be evil!


I tried.


Close your eyes!


I'm just doing the d6s. 25, and then, not as great the second time.


You know, Caleb, I never told you this before, but when we met that dragon lady-- Carrie? Kaylie? Kali?


The herd if they see her, maybe.


Some poor fish is going to try to eat that.


I know, they can tell.


I have a feeling you don't believe this ship will make it back, do you?


I'd normally, but I feel like he knows you.


No, I'm going to turn into a huge pterodactyl and carry some folks.


(cat snarling)


Yep, me too.


Where we play Dungeons & Dragons!


I will be right behind the meat shield.


I have ideas.


I am in it. I play the Blade of Galadriel.


Are we going to get there?


Is there one of those amazing naked ladies on the front of the ship? Holding out the pole, that comes out from the front?


So it's six plus four total? So, ten? Okay.


But I don't know where they're coming from?


We've had people taking care of that.


-- perched on the wall, pulling feathers out.


One word at a time.


Yes, agreed.


How many feet, I guess, is this ship from front to back?


You do! Dope.


Don't do drugs, everyone.


That fast?! Oh fuck.


Oh, shit. Okay, I'll Healing Word myself again, I guess.


(whispering) Be quiet.


Oh, you want to go talk to the Wharfmaster. Great.


My dad sent me to a fancy prep school. Oh, that's a suck balls roll. Two ones on my sixes. So two, but I got a four and a three from that extra d4, so nine. Nein!


It's a good day! I feel like it's gonna be a good day.


But it's our ship, we work on the ship.


I pull out a handful of iron powder, and I throw it into the air so it's a big cloud, and my two hands go (sweeping noise), and Yasha grows to twice her normal size.


