Oh, I'm not a monster.


The armor.


Back to the plan.


I like that it's kitty-corner right now.


Nicely done!


It's like a Tom Waits song.


Ride the bear, Scanlan.


I would say it's safe to say that they don't have sentiments opposed to yours.


That's all. That ends my turn right? I'm holding this girl?


Strength check or save?


Just the tip of it.


You have--


At home?


For no other reason than for those Sam Riegel advertisements at the beginning.


God damn it. Nine plus-- 12.


No no no, I see it twitching, Grog, it's definitely twitching.


Yes. Ares.


You know what, Scanlan, why don't you figure out how to get the damn skull back to Whitestone by yourself, how's that?


I love that one scene.


Hunin and Kyor. I even got their fucking names right!


I never knew there was anything good about the drunk!


Smooth. Well done.


151.


I mean, we did such a good job last time.


It's so magical.


You didn't even find it.


Right, because no one of the church has ever been bad before.


All right. We'll make our way over to you.


Shit. All right, she lives.


All of the damage.


One down!


Oh, for the love of god and all that is holy.


Can we please go see? Can someone please--


It was far less than this, but at this point I'm saying let's blow the money.


I guess it might make more sense to throw you, but I don't want to--


Okay, I'll burn my attack hitting that bloody imp.


Are we okay with these people or should we--


Well, she was in a dark hole.


I have great form in mid-air.


That makes sense. I foresaw it just going, because I thought it was like a special kind of arrow.


Oh yes, of course, we'll be right there.


It's two soup cans with a string.


That we did that? Sure. I'll stand on the outside and look unsuspecting.


Somebody light a match!


We can tell they're really diamonds?


I will shimmy in, just to see what's down there.


He only has to listen to you at home.


I will grab Jester's horns and pull and go up as fast as I can.


No need to yell, that's all right.


It's a golden ticket.


Some stuff.


How are you going to get off the boat?


I'm going to get down and take a little bit of the smear and--


Do we have any metal?


I think we need to maybe have a talk about what we're doing.


So your... Doty? Yes?


Lord Taliesin!


And look how cute it looks under overalls.


I'm still on the roof, right?


Yeah, let's do that. Jester, lead the way.


Don't worry about it.


First? Do we have any spells to do that?


Okay, but you were on foot. If I'm on the broom, then maybe it wouldn't take as long, potentially.


You guys have been so amazing and have made this experience even better for us, and thank you so much for going with us on our journey. It will keep going, but I will be back when I can.


He earned this grief.


Still doing it.


He's a dick, he can hear us. I know the range of these things.


Yeah, of the structure. Yeah, right there.


Are we what?


Pretty good, actually. That's cheap.


Do you have any spells left?


It's been a shit night. Who wants to get a drink?


Been having a good time, then?


Donate to 826LA.


Yeah. Custom is important.


Well, we still can. (laughs) Before we do this, I love you all, and I wish us all the best of luck today. I especially love Pike, and I'm so happy she's with us for this. If some of us don't return, I think that the glory of what we're doing today, and the justice of what we're doing today, has been worth it, and Percy, I hope you get some sort of redemption in all of this.


South it is.


I mean, we can get it out.


Your purpose, do you enjoy your purpose?


Okay. So--


You apparently kind of live in the middle of all these arcane ley-lines of the world.


Yeah, good. Are they following us now?


Brilliant. Brilliant.


Pretty close and I don't know if that's weird.


I'd like to, if I could, use the Ring of Telekinesis to pull a bookcase down upon an attacker.


Yeah, I'm scooping up the haversack.


I wanted that baby to be punched so bad.


I'll fire at the one near good old Fjord. Mr. Fjord. Aw fuck. 12.


Those are impressive shoes to prance in, by the way.


Okay. I would like to...


Yeah, so we would be at the front of the boat going--


Only so that we can ignore it.


Actually, probably not. We did Marvel last week.


Thanks, grandmama.


I play dinosaur fights.


It's okay!


Has Adelaine noticed any of this?


The part of me that hit the cage is now invisible also?


Okay. Yes, fine.


No, no, I wanna be on Tary, opposite of--


I flip him over and look at him. Vax! Vax, wake up!


I have to move anyway.


It doesn't work like that. It's what I was trying to say earlier!


Sorry, I'm just imagining an infiltration with the spider, like that's feasible.


Three. Plus seven is ten. And the ten gets doubled? Or everything?


I mean, possibly. There's a lot of folks doing the same kind of work. These folk happen to be the best at it.


Keeping track. Why is he keeping track?


Guys, this is bad. We haven't actually done anything to him, have we? No, I got an arrow on him.


Hit or miss, it's a brain, right, I'm standing--


Yeah, that's good, I can see his fanny from here. I'm going to cast Glacial Blast again, but I'm going to form a giant spike once more and jam it right in his asshole.


To a quarter.


Are you looking for ways to get back at the Briarwoods?


Wait. I don't need it. Wait.


Drip drip drip drip drip.


I'm going to keep a hold of my sword, but I'm going to wrap it in the coat so it's not glowing ridiculously.


You've been waiting! Waiting to find a time to say it, haven't you?


I wink at him, with my eel eye.


Can we have followed behind at this point?


As he shouldn't.


Troll, and also really big alligators.


Pillow. (laughter)


It might be, yeah. I think that might have been the tentacle that Jester saw from--


No no. He'll need a door to let in other people.


But you said you had two superior and you said all the potions for the amount we said.


Let's not be fleshy.


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants. Literally. Born to the Air tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which I do. Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: is she even worthy?


Barrage a cone? Sounds like an Italian porn guy.


I had an idea until reddish, but I don't know anymore.


One of the infernal layers of the Abyss.


Doesn't have any damage to it, yeah.


Guys, why did we come to the fire plane?


Did you mean for that to rhyme, or was that just--


Good idea. I'll take a little bit of fleece and rip it and cast Silent Image, and make a wall of stone around Kiri. Just say: Don't move.


Why don't we do that right before we go see the Briarwoods, also?


We want you to be in on it.


That's his wife.


We could do that with-- we have-- it's a little morose, but we've got some dead people.


Why do you got to be a dick, man?


These are my personal, of course. I would not want to upset you again, milady Vex. I have missed your company.


Is there enough weight for me get on the carpet at this point?


What?! Nott!


I, avoiding the rug, lightly step over it, and see if I can jiggy the brick out.


I want to come. (with an accent) I want to come.


I don't need this foot.


I'm stable! That's right, I'm unconscious! Never mind.


The last time you hit him, does that mean--


How do you split up four gold? We have four gold and there's only three of us.


I start shaking out his beard and getting all the crap out.


I command the lich to start doing one of his glowy spells, and, like, through him, I go: (whispers) Come for us, your death awaits. (all laugh)


And I figure that they would have sent somebody at this point if things had gone-- they have an instant transport to us if they need to find us.


Is this your Uncle Randy?


We're looking for an individual that might frequent these parts. Half-elf gentleman. You seen anyone named Sabian in these parts?


I'm going to keep moving upwards, and while I'm doing that, I want to take out the 50-foot rope we have. Then I want to grab something heavy that I have. I've got to have something stupid and heavy that I don't care about, and I want to tie it to the other end. A crowbar! I take the crowbar and then tie it, and I drop it down the well with the rope.


And a natural 18 on the second.


More of an antique collector.


Uh, no.


And that's 14 points of damage.


Mm-hm. Following the local customs, I took a handful of dirt and shoved it down my fucking throat. (all laugh)


All right! Good announcement! Good job! (cheering)


No, it really was. It was a dream that Pumat Sol betrayed us and he attacked us all. Anyway--


Not within range? Then I don't do it yet.


It just takes a turn. Rock it like an electric eel!


Old magic. (laughter)


Does Thordak covet any other territory, or city, or town? Vasselheim? Here? Anywhere that we can lure him to?


Let's not get ahead of ourselves.


Ulog, help us. Please.


I'm watching his back!


Expensive-ass wine we could bust out with dinner.


Platform, whatever you want to call it.


I know, I work out a lot.


Vax'ildan flips him the double birds as he hits the wall.


I'm gonna try to stealth as I'm going in.


I mean, I was trying to get you back. I know that is really hard and we probably are going to have a very hard time finding Orcus and killing him since he's like, you know, a god, I think--


Yes, Jester could send her a message.


We're the Mighty Nein.


I've always been like that; I have a very good memory. I remember everything.


Correct. That's wise.


Can I hear anything with my elven ears?


Yeah, that needs to happen.


There's something wrong in it. There's something in the basement.


He doesn't quite fit, so I have to snap some joints.


Fucking Phil.


I tuck down four feet.


So if you had rolled 76 points of necrotic damage?


Let's clear some things out.


Maybe we need a hobby?


Well, look, the Plate of the Dawnmartyr is in a City of Brass, but I don't know where that is.


Beau knows grumpy. (laughter)


Are you not doing this, Grog?


I'm seeing if there's anything deeply gaudy.


This is your "Leader" voice.


Oh, what?!


Yeah. I should've done that before, but I'll do it next time.


That's what she said.


I don't want him to be able to hit me with arrows if possible.


Do I know her name yet?


Grog, I don't trust your haggling skills, I promise.


So we had some donations to the charity.


Your first nemesis!


Third strike got eight.


Aw. These were lame pirates! No treasure.


I cast Guiding Bolt on the reptilian creature.


The architecture is divine.


Okay. I see where you are going.


Kill them!


I don't feel like I should take this.


You had it right the first time.


I don't. I don't?


(sings along with the background music)


Indeed. We have good news. We have decided to take you up on your offer.


It probably has already spread.


I get all names wrong.


I'm going to stay put. And for bonus action, I'm going to cast Healing Word on myself.


But I can use some hit dice.


A valuable asset. Good with... things.


That's lame. Three rounds for a 5th-level spell?


(laughing) No!


With advantage. 19 or a five. So I'll take the 19. 21.


We weren't expecting that.


That hits, but what's applicable? Uncanny Dodge or Evasion for a gunshot?


He's a little small monster.


Big worms with tentacles, but not too weird.


Yeah, I push through the back of the group to the back.


Well, that's wedged.


Try it, though.


We don't want to create-- why do we want a group--


Standard undead?


Spring?


Wait, don't you have something for me, also?


I'll take off the hat.


Trinket roars, rushes forward.


All right. Did we all rest? Are we all rested?


Actually, let me tell you all that Grog is up here, you didn't know.


Oh shit, man!


We don't have any light on here.


She can make them poop.


I'm fixing my gun.


And of course, as always, Critical Role always supports 826LA.


As a personal challenge, guys, from me to you, I think we are, what are we, 18 away, Lucas?


Who is it? Who are they for sure?


Yeah, fucking speak up.


But she can turn us in! That's terrible. We should say that we're--


Is there a way to enchant me so that I have his voice? And then he'll listen more closely?


(whispers) This is a lockdown? Shit.


I think we should.


Let's go. [dramatic music]


Two hits.


Fencing them.


You're tearing me apart.


What did you bring today?


I know. I've been thinking, a lot, about why we're together and what we're doing.


What is the most outrageous and unexpected thing to come from a natural 20? That was Scanlan.


"I want some milk," or something.


What's this all about?


Oh, he can read that.


I wave off from the alley that I snuck in to.


So if I wanted to take my little pistol and start carving a little-- and I've got a nice little chunk of bone I can see in his arm-- can I take a sharpshooter disadvantage to hit that point?


Could always use advantage.


Speaking of amazing artists. We want to do a shout out.


I wanna do Lightning Arrow on the guy attacking my brother.


When you have the punchline, let me know.


No, not that close. We're making a safety bubble.


I've never found anyone who doesn't have a code who lived very long to tell about it.


I would like to do an insight check on Fjord while he tells us that story. Pretty good, 20.


Oh, we made it.


Yeah, but he was running away. He wasn't the one holding the sphere.


I’ve got it.


And six different syrups to choose from in each room.


Oh yeah, no, I wanna see what he has, too. Like, there's gonna be some trading. I'll show stuff.


And you're in the water!


I understand that because of my dogma, we belong to groups that would never mix, but I can assure you, if you help me get revenge on the one that killed my friends, I swear to you, I will fight for your lives with the fury of a man who is already dead.


Thanks, Nott. It worked.


Are you a captain, or do you do something else that's more specialized?


He's going to spew.


I'm glad you held that the whole time we were down there, Grog.


Our only friend in Draconia.


I mean, we did just cause a giant lightning thing. I feel like our presence has been announced.


My name is Tad.


What the shit is this show?


I'm still awake.


Plus two, right?


I'll use my movement, because I just woke up, to pee. Because I just woke up, I've got to pee.


Do I get advantage because it's a mountain?


I go into the next room.


Yeah, let's go down, come on!


We busted in there!


Oh, you can read it!


We need to take a short rest.


That's probably good.


I can dispel magic.


So it's super cheap and easy to break. Imported. Great.


How far were the dead ones?


Tary, is that thing working right now?


You'd know a few minutes later when we tried to bring you back. I just spit on you, I'm sorry.


Can I insight-check him?


We need help.


I will bonus action disengage and swim around past Fjord. Yeah, around this way.


I don't know why it mattered. (laughter)


Yeah, that may have been a poor call.


How do we get down there without the fire thing happening again? Ah, oh. Wait, Caleb, are you in the room?


Would it take us off this plane, though, or no?


Joel, thank you, as always, for taking the time.


Plus, technically isn't the point of a mine to, like, dig out holes?


(gasps) You know where we should take him?


They were mind controlled. It was crazy, we're not just making this up. It really happened.


Which one are we going down, though? There's two entrances, aren't there?


Okay. Go ahead and translate that.


Dryads?


What do you reckon's next? We're going to Marquet, then?


Guards against scrying? Yes, of course!


Oh yeah, short rest.


Can I go into the temple?


Then she'll be a made maid Marion. (all laugh)


Lots of pink bows, maybe, for me.


At night or in the morning?


Finally a decent roll. 19.


Yeah, sure. She probably did a little (whooshes).


You memorized the map of the underground pathways, right?


Yeah, so I'm just basically disrupting that song as long as it's within a certain range for about a minute. I'm also going to use my bonus action to wake up the bugs.


She might not be catchable.


They're coming up the sides!


Could you do it different though?


4...3 and a half.


I'm going to do one last thing before we leave, which is just tussle the room a bit so it looks like it's been robbed. Just in case they do come in.


Yeah, there's lot of security guards around here, unfortunately.


It allows you to alter yourself based on what you chose, which is give you gills and fins--


You're the last one, right?


No, who is on the broom with you?


You know, 20 years to a gnome is like five for a human.


The water is really blue. I think you guys will like it. Yes, Nott, even you.


Download it, @criticalrole.


Yeah. Rare spell, that.


Well, two per foot, Tibs. They're five inches apiece, right? You can fit two in a foot. So you just bought 35, so that's about--


Waterskins from our servants--


That was very impressive, yes.


No, I still have a bonus action, so I'm going to hide with my bonus action.


Wow. That was a roll.


It's at room 3 letters. BCD?


I know. I'm dying.


Thank you! Cool!


8d4.


Can you actually write letters in them?


Are they going to form a--


Am I--?


He would like you to touch him, yeah. But respectfully.


15! I was just, I'll wait until the end. Oh wait, I rolled high!


Which is why I haven't wanted to do it yet, until we felt like we needed to go.


It's part of the initiation.


Not like we've seen.


Man, this is the craziest place we've ever been.


Do you want one of my healing potions, are you sure you're all right?


Pool of Radiance on my Commodore 64.


Either way, we will probably need the cart.


You're a better man than Grog! I also suggest all of you guys hit up Twitter and give Travis some shit.


Are there any--?


Well, that's a natural 20. (laughter)


It's a 17. Plus six, 23. Sorry. That is eight plus four plus two. 12, 14, and the--


I can't see anything because a person's in the way.


I'm listening!


The Pentamarket, um, okay. Can you tell me exactly where that is? Because I'm not familiar with the area.


This is going to be great!


Pike wanted to go too.


But still caused damage?


Let's cook it up a little.


Do you prefer Bush Man?


It's low on the list. It's a low one.


All right, shall we go to the manor?


Camp Crystal Lake.


I speak quietly into the earring and say could everybody shut the fuck up, please, and can we get out of here? Quietly?


Didn't you do that just last week?


Well, this may be it for orcs? This could be all of them, or it could be just a forward camp, so we need to keep one alive.


Ten minutes, okay.


I sparkle fire.


He's inspiring you because he thinks you're going to fucking fail.


How much do these young men make in a day here?


It's better than one, Clarota! It's better than one!


I have a thing I can do, too.


I'll come with.


Still locked in the cage?


Then go! Go!


I climb up and I'm screaming at Nott  Let's go!


That's a pretty great indication.


I have to confess, I've been feeling a bit stir-crazy myself. Not jump-off-cliffs stir-crazy, dear god.


I think something's making those things like that.


Look, did you see how happy he was about this? That was the most satisfied smile I've seen from Matt in a really long time.


Celestial?


I cannot express to you what this means, to be accepted as a full-fledged member of this team, and-- (sounds of protest)


And I healed seven 'cause I rolled two ones.


You can't do that?


No. I said she.


It's a miracle!


Probably 60, 30? Is he further than that? Damn it.


Yeah, 7, okay. Okay, so.


Are you staying next to it or you--


Yeah, higher, yeah.


What’s this dagger?


(whispering) Left. Second room on the left.


Does this seem to be a lot of fruit?


Take your gold and leave.


We won't be gone long.


There was a guard named Cloen, who was the guard who saw the spider.


And then it bounced.


Sorry, I wish I wouldn't have said it and then you could have had advantage just then, but I'm not a cheater.


(shouting) A week?!


It's like Beauty and the Beast, it's just pornography.


I'm strong, maybe I should be the carpenter!


Let's bring the show to her!


I look at the crystal, admire it, go dink-dink with a knuckle.


I don't know, it doesn't say.


That's still 25 to hit.


Yep. They're dead.


Don't! Don't do it. They're too nice.


I can't see shit, but I don't trust it.


Well, it's-- we had a deal.


Phillip's legacy is 1,000 gold to repay.


Really none of us like it here but Fjord, kind of.


It's instantaneous, but I can talk to them for about ten minutes or so.


I'm wrong about a lot of things, Matt. In-game and out of game.


I'm grieving now. Leave me be.


Does it look like there's a covering nearby, roughly, 30 feet or so from the tree?


Well, no, but she didn't say it wasn't a talking sword. She said it was a vengeful sword.


Throw it to that table.


It is very good.


I'm not. I'm a goblin.


I mean I have an idea, but--


Question  do the eyes in this picture bear any resemblance to the tattoos I spied through the window when I eavesdropped through Frumpkin on Fjord and Avantika's conversation?


Oh, the lessons.


Yeah, I was going to say, I'm at the helm. Beau, if you'll stay with me. We need to--


Of use? They're good guys?


Long spell.


Tell him to just shake his head.


I mean, don't get me wrong, I like our efforts here in the city. I think we've done good.


No, keep it coming. I got this.


I get it untied. The boat's untied.


I had him, but thanks.


From something I can stand on that's not sand.


Where is the other boat?


And then I'm gonna have my shark attack him.


That would have been way more amazing if I'd remembered that I could do this. Let me try it on this other wheel, though.


The best lie I've ever told?


It's cold damage.


(whimpers) Yeah, I can fly! That's also, this is a concentration spell.


Got you. But it's not magically trapped?


Does that mean he's going to get advantage on you now?


Deception, please. (sings a ditty) I'm just a peasant boy.


We need his Knuckles.


Another 11 points of damage.


Earthglide to the top, so it's 30 feet tall. (nervous laughter) And I'm going to use my momentum to see if I can rocket myself out and see if I can jump and grab onto his leg.


Sorry! Forget I mentioned it. Let's go kick some ass.


So much, like, he's just so in love.


Don't stab the corpse this time, it's poisonous.


Which is Frumpkin now?


We'll be twinsies.


No, no, no, you don't have to. We're already weird right now, so I'm cool.


Almost a natural 20. Almost a 20!


He said, "pay attention, druid."


Can you see him, is he there?


I turn around and say  Goodbye, old friend. We'll come back and we'll fix this. Because this is... poppycock.


Be aware. We're all very aware of--


I just wanted to know if you wanted it back.


I pull out a water.


Yeah. Is this a thing that happens, I'm assuming?


We're as far away as we can be, and I can't move any closer.


Well, just do it.


I cast Speak with Animals. That's what I cast. It was a spell.


That's so close to another phrase. Let's call that the Kama Sutra.


This is good. You may have it. I don't get into water too much, as you could guess. This is good for walking yourself upon water. You take this, as promised.


Yes, that's fair.


Now that sounds like a plan.


I just want to go find Zahra and give her a hug and say hello and see how she's doing while he's talking.


We're just seeing you. You're really close to us, aren't you?


Zadash?


He just evolved.


Why must you sully everything good and pure in this world, Sam?


This is not a good system. Travis, will you teach her how to keep track of our group stuff?


No, no. Plus one, so now it's two.


Can I swing at the other guy?


It's all about the dysentery.


But you can't control the lava coming up.


So, can I do that then?


Like a triceratops?


She's better. I mean, she's had a tough time. That was the longest conversation I've had with her in many years.


Didn't you lose your memory last time? Did we ever realize that you lost your memory the last time?


Boats, there's little boats!


I want you to tell me about the dagger. I want to know about the dagger, but I'm serious, fuck that guy on the rotten branches he was growing out of. He's not right. Your strength of character runs deep. Fuck that guy! It breaks my heart to see you doubt yourself. You have always been a wonderful woman! I'm not saying you have to be a fucking beefcake; you don't have to be a soldier, but--


Don't--


Two 11s! Two! 11s!


He's got thick skin, I think.


You know, that box of trees that you have.


Sounds like bullshit to me.


Let's bring the tower down to us.


Yes. I will moon them.


I dropped stalactites on them. So yeah, there's lots of loose rock.


You normally touch a spider's web, they come running.


Oh wait, but it's disadvantage.


Was there a window in the room?


47 points of damage. Final attack.


I got advantage.


We gotta get Ashley back. We gotta bring her back.


No, it wasn't me! I didn't do anything! Let's go!


Yeah I found that in a porn shop.


Here, let me pour you some more booze.


Yeah that ended it.


I am more than satisfied. I will write a five-star review.


You got-- you got nothing?


That's great, because one can only bullshit so much in a four-hour fucking game. I talk about the smell of our breakfast. It's bacon in the morning. And taste and smell the fleshy essence of the pork.


Can it be a pounce? Was I far enough away?


We're going to go find it in the tree later. It'll be fine.


There's not a closer bush? Nothing closer we can jump in?


I have a question, because I've never prepped a spell and then not used it. Does that use the spell?


Even if it doesn't happen, just promise.


(Bane voice) "Your punishment will be more severe."


Are there children's books in here?


Actually, you gain plus three to damage rolls on Hexblade's Curse, so instead of 21--


Old magic!


Okay. It's still an 18.


There's a street vendor on the way to the tavern that's, yep.


Yes. 826LA is an after-school tutoring program and they feature in creative writing, and storytelling, and they have a Young Authors' program, which is super amazing. And they also tend to have really cool storefronts. There's one here, locally, in Los Angeles, one in Echo Park, and one in Mar Vista. But there tend to be 826s in major cities all across the country. So you should check it out, and go to their storefronts and tutor the kids and get involved. They're a really good program.


(scatting) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme]


Yes, I am taking that vow.


Oh, yes! And we know here, because the general that we mind melded - Clarota read his brain.


I think he assumed.


Yeah. Tton it is.


Thorbir dives for it.


Save the best for last.


Did you just call him "asshole?"


Brain freeze.


You didn't tell us that.


Who is he?


What sorts of things can you ask nature?


Why do you have so many names?


Let Keyleth make something big.


We're not going to hurt you. Just give it all back.


No, no, not you.


Did the fucking necrotic do it? (screaming)


I think I do now. Is it real hard?


I have a lot of dictation to do.


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw! A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! ...also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this... well this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. (weapon crack) Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike, that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. (brawling sounds) Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! ...or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house, where you pay for... lady favors. Also ale!


How small?


Learn. What would you have me learn?


Her eyes go white and it's just (scribbling). Yay.


I'm gonna take another shot at the same one and see what happens.


Along the way, I would also like to be looking out for any animal shopkeeps.


Count 20.


Level five. What do I, d20 plus six?


I'm going to mosey on up over next to Beau, and I would like to rage.


Hmm-mm.


Keep them safe? Oh. All right. We've got enough to worry about keeping ourselves safe.


On being held?


As I was saying 'Grand Poobah', I knew it was going to bite me in the ass. I don't know how.


Switched over to PayPal. While he looks at that, one last thing. We are, as always, friends with Wyrmwood Gaming. If you want beautiful wooden boxes in all kinds of colors and patterns, go to Wyrmwood Gaming, and if you use the code CritRole, you will get free shipping.


I get a souvenir from the Feywild! That's all I wanted.


It's okay, we're going to find an inn.


Are we alone?


The front? Oh, the front of the front. Not where we're at, right?


Shadowy being with eyes like burning coal.


Thank you. It’s appreciated.


Keeping it real on the field line!


It's a part of it. Definitely. I want them to know. They need to know.


Fuck you, Kiri.


No, I don't have any.


No, we'll pass on the dust for now. It's interesting.


We could say-- They certainly can't do it without us. And we can't do it without them. But we'll be bringing in other armies with us.


Damn it, that would be great. Crit eye poke!


I understand. I'm sorry if we've upset you.


Good job, Matthew Mercer.


I play District Attorney


Agreed. We should rally up back-to-back while Caleb casts it.


All right. That is a 13. And that's a 15.


Okay, I'll shoot my crossbow and miss, with a nine.


Yeah, they did it.


Strength check.


Guided Hand Infirmary?


(whispered) I could have the keg. Yeah, or I could be invisible, go in, and touch him and cast Inflict Wounds.


It's up to you. You're the boss. I love you. You're the all-seeing eye.


I should have thrown something at the vase!


Are there names that, if we hear, we should trust?


Acrobatics, why?


Well, we are about to risk our lives to pull three people we met four or five weeks ago out of the hands of a lot of dangerous people. Seems like a pretty good offer for them.


Finish him.


Dear, every stitch on my body is yours when I am gone.


Aw, suck it haters! This is the coolest dagger I've ever had!


Dice tower. Dice tower!


My notebook, I don't know what happened to it when we moved, so that's why I can't take notes anymore.


No, just your dice, double your dice.


So I could rage-- yeah, okay, so, that was just-- yeah, that was all right.


I would love that.


(gasps) Maybe I will. Fine. Here's your other boot. Servants--


Not the sailor type, then?


Come on, iron snitch.


I know it was never made official, but I'm assuming you two would've spent your life together. As much of it as he had, anyway.


Quarter of what we came back for, but sure!


You're not going to touch my clothing.


Whitestone ceiling?


Or fill in the blanks.


Each undead she can see within 30 feet.


Nope! We're away!


Okay, I'm going to reach out and try to punch him in the back of the head.


Ooh, he's got paper.


Check for loot! (laughter)


Are you in a hurry to talk to Dad?


So going to loot that shit.


Hey, Matt? Instead of Wall of Stone, I'm actually going to cast my one 6th-level spell, which is Move Earth.


I would like to look for any places-- oh, sorry.


I can cast Stoneskin on one person. Or up to, actually-- I could cast Stoneskin up to three times.


(counting) 17. For the Hexblade, four points of damage, so 21 on the first one. (counting) 17 on the second.


Oh great, I thought it missed. That's not going to do it, that's 13.


It's got Percival!


Kuthok. We're all going to say that over and over again now. Kuthok.


And get eaten.


Yeah, we'll sever the chains with Grog's muscles. We need to get 'em the right distance.


What do you mean no? What if he had-- he had stuff to travel with.


It's going to be all of us?


What is that called?


I think I am-- There was always some firbolg that was more powerful, stronger, smarter. More capable. Eventually I grew to accept being myself, and I prefer to support rather than be a leader. This is my first time trying to be more than who I am.


What the fuck? It's got so many arms.


That's beautiful.


You would know.


Can you dispel that shit?


Yeah. So it's there.


He knows things about the Feywild that we don't know.


I'd like to do that with my Staff of Dragons.


And a 12.


Did you see the one that kind of looked like a dog, though? That was freaky.


Nine, you said?


We have four sticks.


Oh. I look miserable.


Debbie Downer.


Let's not get crazy, what he can do is incredible. Have you seen him in action?


What's the stuff that swirled around when you put it on the table?


50 feet. I'm writing it down right now, okay?


30 feet? Okay. He's not paying attention to me. Can I use my bonus action to go stealth?


No, we shouldn't tell them that we have Kit here. Let's hold that back.


Do we have to?


Yeah, that's a great idea! Do that.


Wait, no, everything's ten. I thought everything was a ten!


And past that point, they would be in no debt to you?


They were fucking balls!


It's the worst playroom ever.


We have armor too, of some of your fallen people, will you reward us for that, thank you!


I'll keep Marius and I'll keep Gallan.


What's this thing on the ground?


Before we go out there, let's hold hands real quick. Just know, I love you guys so much and you're my family. We're going to make it through this, okay? I'm going to cast Holy Aura on everybody.


Just to tell him to keep an eye on the rooms and everything. Because, you know, I'm sure they're all great people, but-- I know they have some shady practices, so. I just want to make sure that--


No, but that's not what we're asking them. We're asking them to find a beast.


I'm starting to gather that you don't have as many answers as I thought, but be that as it may, you're still a great inspiration to me. I still feel like I'm following in your footsteps.


Okay, can't split the party. We all go looking for the stairs. Oh, you asshole, stop it! (laughter)


I reach into my pocket and rattle my coins around a little bit. Maybe I could buy us some time. And I drop ten gold out into my other hand.


(animatronic sounds)


And he gives good massages, Lyra.


What can I say? I love a strong woman. Let's do this.


Isn't he old?


I'm going to hit the stunned one with the Vampiric Touch.


And it will be the end. (laughter)


Do I see puncture wounds?


Maybe you should go out the front and talk to him and distract him so we can sneak out the window.


A couple rules. He will listen to you. Will you listen, Frumpkin? Frumpkin nods. Okay. If you need to get him out of danger in a hurry, you say "split." That's what it will take. You'll need me to bring him back, but if he's in danger and you want to keep him for your week loaner, you say split. Okay? He's yours. Thank you. Yeah?


He's really screwing the entire future, at this point.


It's a shame we can't open a giant door and push the dragon in here.


To look at some books.


Feel like I'm going to forget this.


That is, yeah. So that hits, right?


Yes. Of course.


Wait, what do you mean this sword gave you a headache, Grog?


You know I'm going to go back.


That'll make it even more official.


How the fuck? What the fuck am I going to do?


Absolutely. Plenty of time! (all laugh)


How do you feel about floating dicks?


Wait, but you did necromantic, right?


And he does not move.


We will tell Marius and Gallan to stay below the entire time.


We really need to keep moving.


Pretty sexy.


Then I move out-- I move back.


So it could collapse at any time.


Always makes me actually want to barf. It makes my eyes water and be like, ugh.


Maybe they'd think it was perspective fuckery like in the Lord of the Rings movies.


Seven. (laughs) Plus two.


Okay! 21!


I feel that the Cobalt Reserve will probably have some sort of situation for books like this.


You ready?


Well, do you like baking?


But we'll remember it for the future.


That's cool, she's like Hanzo.


From somewhere in the torso?


Is there any way-- because I have this horrible feeling that we're going to get underwater, and then we won't be able to get out because it's covered in ice. Can we melt the ice? Can you do something?


She's the local.


Yeah, but it's going to take another turn.


I'm aiming for the book strapped under his armpit that only I know is under his clothes, and I rolled a natural 20.


Just one time.


Correct, but couldn't you also safely say that he is therefore fairly easy corruptible? If he had been corrupted before, even not if subconsciously, I'm not saying intentionally, but he clearly...


Can I also make a perception check?


Come on, now!


What did you say the fancy tavern was?


No one's going to take down our intelligence, we're too strong and we're too awesome.


It's a large blade, right?


To distract it.


That's right. There's a limited number.


It's permanent!


Yeah, you are fickle on your dice, though. Come on.


Wow. I haven't met many of you in my travels that have--


We'll see you at Comic-Con.


Okay, I'm going to scoot in over here and make my way. And as I'm running by, I'm going to take a shot at his kneecap and see if I can prone him.


I have a suggestion. First I'm going to bring up Lockheed. Keyleth, if you think you could help?


But do you know where this person receives her messages?


I'm not gonna be an animal.


I want to hear what's going on with the Clasp. I want to see for myself that he's alive.


Shutting it down.


You were drunk, it's okay.


(air horns)


Thank you. Swamp shoes.


I could. But what's the point?


Is the Traveler happy with you yet?


Nine. 15.


You know what? Fuck those guys! I'm going to stay right where I am, where I can still see the water thing and I'll send two Eldritch Blasts toward the water where Clay is. I don't give a fuck about Algar.


I think you guys out there need to really look in your hearts-- and moreover, your wallets-- and get one of our shirts. Just get them, because they're dope.


Not everybody.


James Spader.


Jesus. We've got to start cooking, guys.


I will use luck if I want to use luck!


This is what we always do. You carry the gnomes--


Okay, really?


Doty, no! We just witnessed an amazing ritual. Did you not get any of that?


This amazing mini was done by Eric Blumkiss-- I'm sure I'm messing up the name-- from Sweden. It's an incredible Grog mini that's so detailed and amazing, and I had to have it, so I promised our firstborn child to him.


11. 11?


You know, I'll just keep sinking this ship.


(laughs) I'm fucking with you.


We're septuplets! Sextuplets! And you're the salesman.


That's true, not used to bright--


On Tuesday!


This is the best thing that's ever happened!


Have you been in the water at all?


That's my whole fucking turn?


I'm going to walk over to Caleb, while I'm doing this, and I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on him.


Oh wait, before we log off, we have this ready to go. Follow our amazing artists. Also, follow Espionage Cosmetics because they're amazing supporters of the show. Tweet at them and be like, thank you so much for supporting Critical Role. Because they're awesome. Okay. [dramatic music]


Back out, back out.


Are we going? Are we going?


Like we do.


It went very well, I take it.


Or no, 19, sorry, 19.


You can't drink-- the salt water makes you thirstier.


Plus six fire damage.


Are we talking dragon size?


Does that mean that the--


Yeah. I flip my last potion to Keyleth. It's a superior.


Yeah, she's one of us.


Can I Cutting Words him?


I mean, we could take a short rest and let me heal up for a second. Once we land somewhere.


Vecna. You're familiar. You know not where he is. You know of him.


And then for those who missed it, we announced at the end of One Night Only that there will be a season two of Sagas of Sundry, entitled Madness.


Well then, I go  I don't think you heard me. Whack-whack, and I'll try one more time.


That's a badass motherfucking belt.


Can I use my stone's endurance?


What about the tracks?


Every turn I can do it.


Like a fine wine. Yeah, I got aged.


It's just me and the baby right now?


I rose it, it's been risen. It is risen.


Well, what did that one look like that you got hit with before?


I mean, the house is on fire now. God damn.


It's a purple, like, ethereal cow.


Hype man.


I don't think we were here.


Taliesin! Taliesin, this one's for you.


We know.


Dude, I had a thing for Trish once upon a time.


Not really? JB, my cousin who you'll meet in a little bit, but not really. Not really at all.


Mmm, I shouldn't say it. Do you get to stay as an earth elemental if you're right in front of him?


Do you want me to try?


That's some Odyssey of the Mind stuff, right there.


On D&D Beyond. That's nice.


Well, frankly, the Lawmaster in Trostenwald seemed to show you very little respect when we mentioned your name, and being that our family is so influential around here, we're going to be tossed to the wayside if justice isn't found. Surely you understand that.


Point of clarification. We're at the top of the round, so I just went from one hit point to two hit points.


But they're so cute, I don't want to eat it.


Two is probably not going to hit him. Probably not going to happen. I'm thinking two's probably not going to be-- it's a total of 12, but I'm still pretty confident that 12 doesn't hit him. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that misses. Okay, let's try again. I get three attacks. That's right. Let's see here. Oh, a four. Okay, so four. Let's see, so that's 14. So I'm thinking the 14 is probably not going to hit him. All right, let's try one more time. Come on, right? And oh, that's a seven. So that's a 17.


I need to water the garden. It's probably half dead.


We're going to have their vehicle searched for anything that doesn't belong to them, and then made ready for them outside the city bounds.


There's a severed head in there.


Natural. One.


Yeah. We can use it to blow shit up.


Can I use my heightened senses to do a perception check and see if I can smell anything?


I'm just looking into her eyes the whole time.


Well, I'm going with you, too.


I'm flying! I'm fine.


Have you thought at all about the Traveler?


Actually, I'm so sorry, not Friends, it's Charm Person.


Can we call you Clarence for short?


Okay. That's the worst thing I've ever heard or seen. Did I recognize the face?


Matt! Dad, make her roll for it!


Matt and I are gonna chat. Lucas, can you turn down all the other mics while they're exiting? (fart noises in background)


I think everybody's super stressed out and heartsick about everything that's happening, and living under a tyrant of a father is not healthy. You should have seen me when I lived here. I was not nearly as dashing or as charming as I am now. It took me spreading my wings and flying before I found my sense of humor. My hair looks better, my eyes look better.


I want that paper!


Was this all planned for Ashley's return? No! This was planned far before! But hey, it sure feels like it. So from all of us at the table, and the guys at D&D Beyond: Welcome back, Ashley. (cheering)


What's going on down there? (laughter)


I'm in the back!


(high-pitched) Okay.


Yeah. But later, it seems like you want to. I think you should.


I'm going to use the full Blood Maledict so I'm going to take a little damage. Yep. Oh, I take my three points of damage. I start bleeding again from the neck.


You know, I've been tracking you guys for quite some time, and I knew you were here, but I just figured I might want to get a bath first and get a rub down. Treat myself.


Oh. That's nicer. 15.


Whatever you need, dear.


Pickled Pickle.


Hupperdook.


(Grog voice) I would like to go to a whore house.


Nope. I got evocation. I got necrotic.


What a dillweed!


But because he is enchanted he can still attack, right?


Oh, 52 plus another seven, so 59.


All right, we'll push through.


So I don't have to worry, so up and out.


Vex! Vex, stay with us! Vex!


Cheers to the faithless. I kind of inhaled a little bit.


No, you can't tell me anything.


I literally have only one power, and that's to electrocute it, which does nothing.


It's super awesome.


Yeah, there's going to be collateral damage.


That was what it was, yeah.


(whispers) You can't see me.


I have stuff to cook.


Too late!


Exiting.


Are we not actually in the castle right now? Go ahead.


Nobody's actually hit him with anything since then.


(laughing) Okay.


We used to summer in warmer climes. That's right. And--


Were you an orphan?


Use your diaphragm. Really get a yee-haw, get in there.


Yep, it's an awesome language. Tell me about the hidden passages. I know there are some. I am good tonight, you guys


Good? Bad?


"My name is Clive Bens." (laughter) That was the roughest of old biker bars. All right, guys. Thank you so much always a pleasure. Pick this up next week, wish it was sooner! You guys, thank you so much, have a wonderful night, we'll see you on the internet. Until then--


Oh! What I would have done if they left and I'm tapped, Caleb would have used a ritual to cast Comprehend Languages.


I didn't dismiss it.


Not enough. Light!


No, it's not kid.


Oh, for the love of god!


You said it's four hours there.


But you said I wasn't supposed to look at it.


It is lovely by the coast.


No, but there is fighting. Can we hear fighting?


We're a real Twitch stream!


Hey, what are you doing? Are you coming to help us, or are you just standing in the middle--


I feel like it's only fair to warn you  if you were to come with us, we'd be asking you to go into a situation that's not very safe.


To know about the magical entities.


How does it feel, Lady Briarwood?


Just straight attack?


Yeah, just kind of weep softly.


Yeah, they're mostly buttholes, but he's not a butthole! (all laugh)


Pushing you slowly off the edge.


(silly accent) If you could get a close-up, you would see all of the Vox Machina's made of a different weapon that Vox Machina uses.


Guys, I'm an actor. Why would you listen to me about this stuff? I'm a liar and a deceiver. But what you can listen to, and what you know in your heart, is hardcore facts. I'm talking statistics. I'm talking math. I've broken this down for you guys. If you use the promo-code CriticalRole, you'll get $3 off your first month. Doesn't sound like a lot, you think? Oh, that's 1.2 gallons of gas at the Quik Mart down the street. Regular, unleaded. Or let's say you're generous. You give Loot Crates to everyone in your family. That's four Loot Crates; that's $12. That is 25 and half Forever stamps that you've just gotten for free. For free! Let's say you're more generous than that. You give Loot Crates to everyone in your whole company. All 266 employees. You've just saved enough money to buy a 2002 Kia Sedona with 181,000 miles on it. The transmission is going out, and it doesn't shift in the higher gears, but it is for $800 on Craigslist. Go look for it right now, and it will be yours for free, essentially, if you buy 266 subscriptions to Loot Crate. 266.67. Okay, that is hardcore facts. You can't argue with that. Go out. Subscribe now. Save money. Get stamps and gas.


Leave it to the guardian.


Yep. And in view of everybody else, where I can still cast stuff.


Nice. Is he blind?


How did you influence my decision?


Angels and demons.


Sure, I'll swing a shortsword at it.


And I could possibly maybe carve it thin enough to where when they run over it it'll collapse.


Why are you talking? Persuasion check?


Oh, one of the chests.


I mean, she lives in another part of the kingdom, right, Matthew Mercer?


I don't. I really don't.


Yeah? (cheering)


Oh, when I was a dinosaur and I burned down a house and killed a bunch of people...


He's done it once, maybe he will do it again. Do we stay here, do we try to find, I don't-- I've read of miracles.


Hey. Do you want to buy a chalice?


You're going to be clear for leading tomorrow.


I feel like a fool much of the time. I'm glad you think so highly of me.


Hickies? Is that a Gnomish STD?


(singing) Titi!


No one's rolled initiative. No one knows we're here yet.


I'm going to fly back to where I was and patrol.


You've got bonuses and stuff, though.


Because I was inverted, bullshit. Top Gun? Thank you.


We solved it.


Man, that's really frustrating. Seven.


As a matter of fact, no. 6th-level Counterspell. (growling) You will go nowhere!


That's true. Give him a bit of the tea set, we give him the dominoes--


Can it be the ground?


Okay, I want to take my staff, and where Pike put that nice little crispy donut hole in the middle of him, I want to take my staff right in the middle and bring it down and cast Blight.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on us again.


I really want to touch the walls.


Thank you for looking everywhere in that room. That's really nice.


Tary, what's your vote?


One point, twice.


--I will cast Healing Hands.


We'll think about smashing it when we take our rest. Maybe a cause will reveal itself.


Can we see if it's them?


Those were bad numbers.


To the what gate?


How does it feel being such an accomplished adventurer now?


No, this is the way owls are supposed to be. I place him. He's going to listen to you.


Tell us about Loot Crate, Sam.


Big guy, come here.


All right. We'll get brunch back in Whitestone, right, and get out of here?


Oh shit, you about to ride the Matrix, girl! You about to plug in!


(eating noises) No. I like children a great deal.


How much do you know already?


If you want, it's not much, but I have a Vine account that's under the name VoiceofOBrien, and I took a lot of Vine videos from our private game. So it's not a ton, but you'll see us acting like shitheads.


So you're not from the Run.


Some of us truly trusted Clarota.


Maybe the light will take us there, straight to him.


Okay. I like that plan.


I reach back to strike the rat. As my hand comes down, I'll summon the falchion into my hand and strike down.


I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.


Thank you! They all are Critical Role dice, which is pretty amazing.


A brothel?


Well it's complicated, I'm not even going to pretend that I entirely understand it myself. We're--


You just faceplant.


We haven't leveled up yet. We're still hanging at 14.


Okay. I will angle up. This time, I would like the lightning to come from my ass.


The one you were about to say. We were going to hear you say it before--


It does. It's not a good dice. You should throw that one away.


Why would they put a warning for us here in the city?


The cloak was the most exciting thing.


My moves are really intricate. 25 for the first one, and I'm using Blazing Bowstring on this. Okay. (counting) Oh! Okay. I have 40 points of damage on the first hit, two of which are lightning, seven of which are fire damage.


(singing) Oh, life is going to unfold in front of you!


You don't want to touch this, so just roll a d10.


Away directly from the building.


I will Dimension Door way over there.


Oh, it's funny to you, eh?


How does she look?


Can I move the elemental to the left to see if it follows the elemental?


Yes! Eight.


Okay. Oh, that kind of sucks. Seven, 14, 24, 25... 30 points of damage. (cheering)


We left it to mark his grave. It's probably stolen, but the thought was nice.


Probably 60 feet.


It is really hard to see some of these people.


But then we can't come through.


Maybe I shouldn't move forward.


Thank you for your time, Adra. Carry on with your evening. We'll seek you out if we have any more questions.


You know these people have anal-retentiveness issues.


Are we pirates now? Is that the thing? Because I don't like the water at all. I don't want to be on a boat anymore.


Just throwing it out there.


And then I go back for Thorbir.


Finding some relief in the situation.


That would be the question. It's A, where do we come up? B, how do we tunnel without collapsing a building on us? And C, what if there's buried dead that haven't been able to break?


Well, we come from all sorts of different backgrounds. I happen to be very handy at sea, know my way around a merchant area. Beau?


I was just thinking that. I think maybe a little bit of familiarity with some underground might help the situation.


We can't get you out of here if you don't come--


It's crafted, though. It's like--


No, that's nice. It's fresh. Hold on. Let's do something about that. I'm going to do another quick Cure Wounds at a ridiculous level. Let's do it at third. Let's give you another 3d8 plus five to get that going. What happened?


Beauregard, is there something that you are after here?


So the plan is again, you and I, stealth. The rest, attack with light? What's first, what's second, what happens here?


You're thinking maybe they have another portal in Wildmount.


Eight, 12, 13 damage.


You first, please.


That sounds awful.


We surrender, Grog.


Yeah, shut up!


Listen. Everything I said in that letter I meant. And regardless of whether or not you totally betrayed me by reading it, I'm glad that you at least understood the sentiment, I hope?


So what do we think we're doing here? Are we talking to this thing?


But she doesn't have to read it, I can leave out the really dirty bits.


Vecna would get it, right?


Yeah, it's really far away and, then as we were leaving, the people that we talked to about it--


Are we talking like falling into a pit or are we talking like-- I'm going to walk him to the bed and maybe like--


Were we on our way to something? Were we going to some place?


No creatures.


I press it against the outside of the ship and hope the current (suctioning).


I shake it.


Before we leave-- is there a window in the hall? Or are there only windows in our bedrooms?


I was really just listening for that word because I wanted to play the speak along game. I wasn't really paying that much attention, I'm so sorry. I got a little distracted in there. That was really fun, though.


There's something really amazing about the fact that we're all essentially kind of building and communally developing a story together, and that's something that not a whole lot of things can grant you, and we don't really get in today's society much. We're all kinda creating this as a thing. And I think it's good that we're like, hey, this is socially acceptable. D&D's cool, everyone should play D&D.


And just have fun, you know?


Will the breathing underwater, will that make it to where our ears won't hurt really bad? Because I hear when you go down underwater, your ears hurt really bad.


Are we still on?


I didn't either.


And we could protect you from them. Or it.


(whispers) She's got blood.


Oh! Ew. Cover yourself, Vax!


Oh, right. Oh god, I rolled a one in damage. So that's plus four, five damage. I'm so nervous.


And the trigger is when this asshole duergar moves forward, I'm gonna stick him in the back of the neck.


We, as detectives, should think clearly about this and figure out: when was the money stolen? Did you all have your money after the competition?


What would we have to be wary of in the river?


Not going to try.


We didn't make them to be aerodynamic, did we?


No no no no. Just a few.


Beautiful. I want to move up and around-- here-ish.


Oh, that's right! You have the mote!


With Scanlan, also.


I want one sitting right on top of the anvil. Then I'm going to leave.


Couldn't you have attacked with your offhand first?


No, you're still up, you're still up! I thought you said you had 55!


And I'm going to take the remaining of my movement to move up--


Hmm, okay! I take it out of my box and I roll it to you.


backblaze.com/criticalrole! There's no end. I didn't write an end to the bit. That's it. It's over. Yay! And scene.


My guess is Two-Face.


They're all dead, everybody's dead.


Because I'm awesome.


Before this goes any further, because I'm fascinated--


They will after we set fire on the house and send a man screaming through the street with your symbol on his forehead.


Old one, are you still willing to trade today?


I was just going to say, what's the radius of the actual thing's lens?


It's going to be a lot of dodging.


Go, go, go, go.


With a natural one.


Not so tough, really.


She's going to try to break the grapple.


I stop at Gilmore's and I drop off my Ring of Protection. And pay whatever that is to add a plus-one to make it instead of a minor, an actual Ring of Protection.


Can I look for footprints?


Go get them stats, boy!


Yes, yes, absolutely. I volunteer to be a rider or a captain of the ship sort of.


Are you getting turned on?


Do you know how to use arcane artifacts?


No, magic, of course. But I don't have the-- I've been working on it, but I haven't struck to the--


But maybe he brought Kas back and that was the Death Knight we fought.


Damn it. Did he take acid damage? Is he hurt?


It's not just me. You are vomiting salt water, and you are getting into fistfights with people, I don't know what you're doing. And you-- Look at you.


Yeah, that Trent guy.


That's seven points of psychic damage. Oh shit. That's 28 points of piercing damage.


Dragonborn?


All right. Good to know. All right.


Will our whole cart fit on it?


Do they respond to vibration?


Thank you. And thank you for bringing him. This was helpful.


(whispers) They're in the rafters!


But we wrote up the letters for the High-Richter too, just so we can stamp.


Far south.


That's me. That's me.


I'm going to search him. He's dead, yeah?


Yes. And I told her it might be fun if we wrote down a little about the Trickfoots and their curse.


Yeah. I'm going to take off, leading in my fire elemental form, deeper towards the rift. Keeping my eye out for any elementals that might be escaping.


Why did you say that?


Oh no! Is Trinket right next to Grog, at least?


Asshole. (laughter)


I'll go take a look at the other cage.


I mean, technically this is a group. You mean groups bigger than this group or is this group too claustrophobic for you or-- ?


That's big of you.


Can I move it over to Beau? Can I see that area, over next to Beau?


Nothing. Drink.


Oh god, that's so loud.


Crouch back and hide.


Do you know what type of giant? We've seen a few types of giants. Do you know their make and model?


She's still trying?


Would we be all going to this gala together?


It's 16.


I forgot.


I take a jet, jetting us back out. Waterslide!


But do you know a girl that looks kind of like the Meat Man?


Wait, would stun be affected by Freedom of Movement? Or vice versa?


We definitely are visitors here, sir, no one has explained the rules to your city. We were just taking in the fantastic architecture and history of Kraghammer.


Sorry again about that.


Can you do me a favor?


Nope! Nope. I like a little danger in my life.


I'll fly back and report to the rest in my pristine body. My pristine, hairless body. And that is what I saw.


"My scarves are cooler than you."


Bonus action.


Thanks for having me! It's a great honor to be here. Thank you.


Are you asking me to buy potions, Percy?


I feel their pain.


Yes. I turn to her and I sing  (singing) Repairing up your heart when she heals you! And when you are a bard, you feel it, too! And no matter what you do, she heals the pain, and she's pretty, too!


In the hundreds? In the fifties? In the tens?


You got the kill? You were barely in the fight!


Don't keep us in suspense for too long!


(singing) If at first you don't succeed--


A patch on one eye? What else do I have?


(sighs) Well, maybe - (all laugh)


Maybe on the way out.


What's the best check to give him? I can give him disadvantage on an ability check. So wisdom or intelligence?


Just a bed?


Did that work? Did I chop off his arm because that's what I was trying to do!


I think it's a good experiment.


Lair actions.


And I would like to smash it on top of its skull, and when it hits the ground, I'd just like to keep turning it into jelly and paste and sweet jams that I can bottle it up and sell later!


Nobody look, nobody look. Don't you look! Don't you look. Don't you look.


We were saying our daily prayers.


Yeah! And I just squeeze him in, rub him amongst my breasts.


Put him to sleep, then.


So you can work your magic.


Oh, cool. I'll be back in New York.


What do you see, Percy?


I didn't move. Can I use a bonus action, at this point?


Sorry. Okay.


19 is what I rolled.


One of us needs to see what's up there.


Is that this version of "He's in the Feywild. Everything's fine right now."


Okay. I'm going to move out.


You only turn them into paste.


A fire giant?


Let's do one more.


Other than when I was shooting the gun, I've been watching them like a hawk, as well.


We check the other bodies.


Mildly.


That's the first, and then the second one does two plus six is eight, no, two and, da-ba-ba-ba--


If you walk away, does he stay there?


Yeah, but-- (all laugh)


I'm doing Cure Wounds on him. At level two.


But it's not who you are.


Misty Step tonight and then that way we can recover everything?


That means she can still attack?


What do you guys think? Hold on, can we talk about this?


I stabilized him. I stabilized him real good.


(mumbling) Okay, with a ten.


Yeah, I'm backing it up, I'm running, man.


I can start bringing down the palace.


How did you make that transition so easily? I know that the threshold crests are how the city gets around. (laughter)


Does it go with his hat?


You did! Could you find those specific silver pieces? Or the money she stole from us.


I'm going to hold my attack, a Fire Bolt. Can I do that? I am a wizard for the first time. Can I hold a Fire Bolt?


To carry the keg over--


Huppers.


Ow, five.


Does the cloud remain in the sky?


That's my action and my bonus. I have no movement.


Well, because my package didn't come, so I thought that maybe if I got a room there, then I can check in in the morning as well, maybe?


I'm going to hold my action.


Wow, Slow is the best!


Eight left?


Hey guys, I got rid of another head! Hey guys, I'm on a roll! Who still hasn't gone? Keyleth, you haven't gone?


Oh my god. I run forward and hug the big fucking stone giant like a cat.


It's in the haversack. It's okay.


I drew him out.


Strength of seven.


I'm invisible, I--


Does this thing have horns?


You're going to just take it?


Wall of Stone-- boom.


Only because of what I've seen.


Are we really about to pretend to do Crossfit? Is that a thing that's actually about to happen?


Well, let's at least get back to Emon, that's the main port town.


I keep skirting around, looking for a lone horseman.


Okay, hi, Trinket! Oh, is his armor teeny tiny too?


And everything's going to be fine.


Thank you, thank you. Thank you to my mother who birthed me. She should really be the one who's getting thanked.


I was hoping to stand in front of her, yeah. Like that.


Go to the 'nother one!


Other streamed D&D games, like Rollplay hosted by itmejp?


Yeah, both were high teens.


I'll turn to him and rage.


I have an idea, let's carve the bellies out of the horses, and we climb inside.


It sounds wonderful.


I'm just saying, there's gonna be a peeping tom in the room with you.


I'm sure you have a friend. You must. You seem so amiable.


Is this normal?


"I learned it from you!" (laughter)


Show us the guns.


(whispering) I don't think that we do.


Dooragar?


Is Minor Illusion a bonus action or not?


A six.


Passion Pit on the third of Fessuran!


I'm not swinging down into the temple, I'm swinging around the outside of it so that it's--


That's convenient.


I told you that I was faithless, which might be true when it comes to the gods, but not with Vex'ahlia, not with Vox Machina. She gives me my power.


Are there any silk flowers? I was looking for those.


Shit. Do we understand?


Four-two? Four?!


What are the names of these people who've taken over White--


Question  bigger than Grog?


We just have the horn.


CritRoleStats, how many is that? Tell us! I know you've been counting.


Did he kill a lot of people?


Oh shit. There was a-- This way! I come out of it so I don't trip on rocks. There's a struggle this way. And I lead the group back to this.


Yeah, so I'm good. I'm going to spend a ki point to send it back at this guy. Yeah, this is happening.


I know, it's sort of her defining trait.


Travis's might have been my favorite. It was fun.


Chode?


So the lower levels would have the mithral mines?


Because he's outside, dude! I'm out there with him. So is Vax.


Franks and beans!


Okay, so you know.


Yeah! You're almost done. I will say, for those who have not gone and checked out any of the playlists, we have Vax and Percy up as well. Definitely go do it, because all that little extra content that we put out is always kind of a litmus test, to see if people are going to be interested in it. And if you guys go and actually visit the webpage at Geek & Sundry, then we get more content. So the more you go visit it--


Feeling that, I snap out of it and run to the south exit of the castle to look for the explosion.


Say yes to life, Pike.


And we'll have some of that dried fruit.


She. She walks around.


Oh, I see. Four. So that's a nine.


A thousand feet is so long.


So if we did it--


It will only get within 30 feet around, so Beau would not be covered.


No, the other way. Towards me. Right there, yeah.


I'm a goblin.


Oh, did she freeze?


Maybe they see something behind us.


Oh man, Emmy-nominated, ladies and gentlemen.


Do you know?


Rope.


They've been kidnapped, including a firbolg child.


Yeah. I'll do it. Yeah, we'll go for all that stuff. Do we find success?


I'm trailing them.


I will put it on and spend some time with it.


Do you have to make a point in the room we're sleeping in?


It uses your dex modifier plus the--


We want to sit in the front row.


-- and he just, he was very attracted to me that night and we had intercourse so. My uncle was very upset with me.


That's a good idea, Percy.


Maybe there is a morgue, maybe they recognized him.


Oh, just do it.


I mean, he probably can't even hold a greatsword.


(Grog voice) That is death!


Ten. Damn it.


As he slides over the table in front of me, I go, "That was pretty awesome. Bye. Good luck."


Look at that, look at that poison bolt.


You invited them in.


Is she glowing?


Look at his neck.


All right people, we have some gas trapped under a mound of shit up here.


No, but they have to document who goes in and out.


She's attacking it.


That'd be amazing!


You take the one and you carry it over.


Okay. Well, I think today you should have the mask on at all times.


Did you not get it?


You've got him grappled.


It's at an unhealthy level. Let's go.


You are tanking. This is a tank. This is a good tank.


Now, there we are.


Lots of middle fingers, you'll never catch me alive, your city is shit.


Do you recognize it, Fjord?


I know. We're going to have a talk.


Someone who can fly. You can fly.


You'll have lots of time after this, Liam!


Grog, fastball special? Want me to toss your ass up there? See if you can grapple on to him?


Money first.


I'm blindly looking for Trinket.


They're in the other room. They're very nice, though. ASHLEY; You're among friends. You don't have to wear any clothes if you don't want.


It's always me! (laughing) It's always me.


All right. I stand up on the broom.


And then that's my turn.


But can she suss him out?


I'm like, you know how to spell, Lionel!


Is anybody out here in earshot?


Can't say that, ah!


Throw it into acid, why don't you?!


We have a comic book show on Tuesday.


Yeah you had it, aha!


Take that.


Putting my goggles on.


I'm going to inspire her with a little dolphin dance or something. Whatever that is. I don't know, I'm just going to--


Go to The Arches. The golden arches. Wait, first we've got to cast Seeming.


Caleb, I'm good at keeping secrets. You heard us talking to Trent. You know he wants Yasha, and you're the only person who knows the atrocities that this man-- who utterly gave me the creeps, by the way, so I'm feeling a little bit validated in the fact that I read him pretty well--


Can we also say that the two winos have come down to watch?


Okay. I'm going to use my action to Invoke Duplicity, and I'm going to make her appear standing right next to Yasha. But I can't use my action to make her doing anything--


Okay. Advantage on all these, right right right.


Or it was like walking forward.


She would come out of the room. I know her.


I did create a wall over top.


Five is 22?


But they take radiant damage.


Well, there you go. (all laugh)


I'm not shooting at the other one, dude!


Oh, it's the shackles.


I do have truesight as a planetar. It is pretty good, so that's 27.


Yeah. Beau and I take the bowls. We head out into the hallway.


How far down did you go each way?


How's your keep bandwidth right now? Is your plate full?


I'll do it. I kneel down next to him, and I take the feathers from behind my ear, and I start braiding them into his hair, and I say, you were always better at this than I was, but you gave me these feathers in one of my darkest hours to remind me of the beauty in the world, so I'm giving them to you now, because you take the beauty with you. I've done this so many times. We've brought so many of us back, but this feels different, right? I feel as if I'm not speaking to Vax, I feel as though I'm speaking directly to Her.


Or banished, or something bad. I don't know. I never saw him again.


I have mirrors.


While we always must dispense our justice, this is now a town of mercy as well. And I will expect nothing less from all of us than to give what we have lacked for so long. Duke.


What's up, Zac?


Come on, Bigby. Catch me.


Well, before we do that, let's see who she is. I did come prepared, though, to dispel magic.


It'll come off. Don't worry.


Apparently she reads lips. (laughter)


Okay, I drink it. I go inside the ruins and look around and touch some of the walls and look at the stonework and everything. I want to see where she's going to be so I know she's safe. Overcome with a little bit of verklempt emotion, I shed a single tear.


It belies its true flavor.


(gravelly) Chop her hand off!


If they don't make their save.


That was to Caleb.


You want to share a cannonball, Jester?


Are there any others of your family out there on the run?


Do you have Counterspell? You don't have Counterspell.


Oh, well, thank you for asking, Matthew. Well, number one, we have our amazing Scanlan concert tees.


You can see; you're big.


Oh no, not at all.


There's like nine of us.


Oh, I haven't used any of my 5th-level spells!


Unless you've got a strong opinion otherwise, Caleb, on that thing.


No, we're good, guys. Come on.


Slowly, Raishan uncurls like a Xenomorph from the ceiling.


That is more than permission. That is permission and an audience. We're very excited.


Don't bury the lede. Pike first. Always Pike first.


I'm making a dex save?


I'll do both. Are you doing it, too?


What do you have for a bonus?


I'm keeping a very strong eye on Percy right now.


Liam doesn't know how to use knives or swords at all.


That works with my plan.


(laughs) Suiting.


Wait, now he can spin it around and it's a different part of the canyon entirely.


That was one, two--


Let's see. Would it be best-- could I Command the big guy?


Let's head towards the glow.


One monk, one vote. (laughter)


(singing) They got magic and flair, they got falchions and cunning. They don't see over there there's a monster incoming. Inspiration is waiting, rise up, don't think twice. Put your fate in your hands, take a chance, roll the dice! (chanting) Role! Critical! Role!


And there's solid flooring and then the pool in the middle.


Tiberius, help.


Yeah, there's no-- is Grog looking rough?


(singing hesitantly) Something exciting's waiting for you? (all laugh)


I said I was going to help with the sword, with that process, since I've got it--


(yelling and gagging) Did it work?


You said that they're still on the road? You're led to believe that they haven't come back to Shadycreek Run yet?


Nah, you know, I'm not going to do that.


I'm quite surprised by the brazenness. What on earth made you think that we would sell these designs to you? You obviously are paying attention.


I stand more in attention, more formal. Good to see you, Patisse, it's been quite some time.


We're gonna take a real nap?


So 34?


Any moment at all.


And run at Trinket.


Nott the gnoll killer.


I think it's an hour.


Oh hi! Okay.


I'll take the amulet.


+2 enchantment?


Yes, we have defeated the Chroma Conclave. The help of Vox Machina and many many others, at the cost of many lives.


It's probably human.


Maybe come back and find it.


It's 80 feet? It's within the Pepperbox range. I'm going to shoot for the scroll with fire.


Don't steal his doors, or anything.


Is there any writing or engraving or runes on the edge of the circle that's been engineered?


The Dwendalian Empire?


She seemed really nice.


Okay. Let's go to the Lavish Chateau?


I know, I forget about it too.


What do I roll?!


Most definitely, dear. Yes. We are definitely going to pay you. Does anybody remember how much we are supposed to pay them?


Are we all paying attention at this point?


Nobody does.


34? Jesus.


I'm not going to pretend I'm not mildly entertained by the distraction at the very least. We just have to drop off a hand.


Yeah, I'm in the other tent untying them.


Clarence! Bring the gnome in, Clarence!


I was not paying attention. Has anyone said how long it is until we reach land?


I hate it when you do that!


We're running out of the house.


Thank you. I was sent here in terms to hopefully negotiate the purchase of some black powder? I heard--


With advantage, right? That hits. 15, natural. With my two-handed staff?


A wig?


Hello there. You recognize me. This is my friend. We bring you an offering for the Queen.


It looks kind of like a cantaloupe with a hole in it--


Why don't you let some people heal?


So, hold on. I knew that! I do that to wash him off.


Is this charmed or frightened?


We need to briefly quell the rebellion?


Obviously this is a bit of a regular thing. If, you know, the exchange rate is good. I don't need more than the 20 gold's worth of incense today, if you can order more. We're going to stay put for a little while, ja?


But did the disguise work?


Yeah. So I also went and I was journeying around. I went to Vasselheim. Now, here's the thing. Vex was like, "No, don't pick one, it's dangerous. Mm."


Now, if people want to get involved in 826LA or any of the 826's across the country, how is the best way to go about doing that?


Perhaps we could see her.


I mean, really? People aren't good. That's not how this works. I mean, things that you do are good or bad, but people are just people. You guys keep doing good things, and all I've seen is you doing good things. I'm not sure what the confusion is about.


House Thunderbrand. (Matt laughs)


Ah, is he a farmer?


A little, tiny ray of sunshine.


Magic Missile, level two, four darts, total of 16 force damage.


Mm-hmm, looking for anything.


All right. How about... mega miss. So one of those hits, because I'm a loser.


Check your facts, buddy. He likes the cut of his jib, believe you me.


If you need anymore displays, you just let me know.


Plus Ash's was natural 20.


Can we stealth? I cast Pass Without a Trace on us!


Or go inside.


You're part of this as well.


You're sliding me, basically?


Apparently the Critters got you ice cream.


Grog, could you help with this?


Yes, I would like to know that.


Okay, and that's a torso push. I'm only going to take the one shot. I don't even care anymore; I'm just pushing him away.


If we hold on and Avantika's like "Let's everybody empty their pockets" and we have them!


Big deal.


But I am a self-starter in my own mind and--


No, I want to follow this through.


Natural 20! (cheering) (groaning)


(whispers) Weird.


It's not surprised. All right. So, that's a four plus seven is 11. Plus 15, 19, 20, 24, 26, 28?


How much damage did it do to me?


17. So that’s--


Did you really get them killed?


What part of town is the Alcove?


Are you guys all right, then? Everything's fine?


So Marquet is Japan.


I just feel like he wasn't very appreciative, and I was working very hard.


Is that true?


Can I pull the carpet out of the bag of holding? Do you want to free fall and go after it?


So we're healed. We're healed, right?


By the way, how long has this all taken?


Okay, okay. 31 minus five. 26.


What are the chances I have materials for making explosives on me?


It makes four gallons. I'm a big guy.


You and I could take a walk with it and play tiddlywinks or something in the woods. That's fine, what's wrong with that, it's easy.


That guy's going to wake up this morning and go, "oh, I'm an asshole."


I should punch him in the face?


If he dies once, comes back and dies again, is that two?


He said it was far away from the one where--


What do you think of our pirate vessel so far, of our pirate mission? Are you having fun?


It's very colorful.


Game enemy.


600 is very low.


I take out Craven Edge, and I step back, and with a huge swing aim right under his trin.


Athletics?


No. No, I'm not.


It would be 15.


To damage? Okay, so that's 15?


Or, at least, is there one fancy one and one basic one?


Totally in-character.


I hope so. (laughter)


We walked into the Russian Mafia!


I thought you meant you wouldn't get dirty, like you know, not spoiled. Which I was totally fine with.


Then I can't do anything else after that, right?


Why did we let her have anything?


What happened? Why is she in jail?


How heavy is Doty?


This is going so well.


It was in battle mode, did you notice?


Hi. You know, Backblaze is one of our top two favorite sponsors. (laughter)


Good going, Keyleth! I like it!


Very easily.


Everything under the sun.


Perhaps we have learned all we need to learn from this conversation. Maybe it is time to turn in. We have some things to do tomorrow. I am satisfied, Mollymauk Tealeaf. For now.


Or become police officers.


With touch, yes.


He's going to get gone. That guy or that gal.


Yeah! Hi-- oh.


Didn't that happen already?


So I'm going to move forward, grab the other side, that she doesn't have, and pull him.


Wait wait, one second, one second! We tied it around a lot of times. Hold on!


Tary, that is very considerate of you, yeah.


I want to try and come around here if possible.


Should I take him out? Okay. How far away is he from me?


Am I in front of her?


This is going to go terribly. Where's my persuasion? Ooh, that's almost a number. Oh, good. 16?


Do people not like you here?


What makes you think they're going to hide us?


I can burn my 9th-level spell and get us there right now, but we'll lose the mansion.


That sounds kind of noisy.


It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy!


You'll be able to move before you cast Plane Shift, right?


Are we all getting any prezzies?


Yeah. I could just pop in, give him a little fist bump, and I'll meet you at Sarenrae's hovel.


I call out  One! And back up behind the tree.


I think this would be a really good idea, before we left. If a dragon grabbed a ship, it was probably filled with something interesting. It got his attention and he kept it.


I'm going to take it back anyway.


Well this, this ends poorly.


Yes, let's not...


I'll take a horse as well, because you guys are all in the cart, yeah?


Face is on fire.


Then I can fuck him up.


Yeah, I'll attempt to leap.


Sunbeam!


Caleb's back at the boat.


I've got a question. Can one of us that can turn into things go in the muck?


It quiets your parts.


Then we caused another guard to stab someone, and another guard to jump to his death.


We have debts to settle, Sylas.


Just a heads-up, pro tip  dragons can fly. (laughter)


I'm open to all fucking suggestions. I just wanted to park a boat and go get some crew.


Put it in the middle.


I knew we were gonna be going down into some--


I had so much hope when we took down their tower. It went away very quickly.


This is very nice of you.


(laughs) That you've been trying to crush?


I go up and I kick Marius in the water-- no. (laughter)


Do the tablets look to be on any hinges or levers?


Collapse tunnel one.


Because he hears my voice. So he's going to run around and he's going to try to knock over-- he's going to cannonball into the vampire guy.


I thought it was like the 50s, where you had two twin beds.


And Scanlan is still invisible?


There's so much X-Files stuff in here. This is awesome.


Let's walk-and-talk about Tiffany.


Do I have one hit point left?


Natural 20 for love.


Don't let anyone in or out.


Can we become mist form? Are our minds affected when we're mist form?


I know, it's confusing sometimes.


Well, he's a really magically charismatic masseuse--


I'm going to go meditate on disguised dwarves. Goodbye.


Matthew Mercer.


Oh? She rolled high, too.


Natural one. (cheering)


In the basement?


(sings) Everything is awesome!


Oh, the wolf.


I'm going to be fine. Go.


Can I do a nature check to see if I can see the origin, the epicenter of the storm? Like the eye of the storm? Where it's coming from?


You know what? We probably don't need the three rooms. They offered us some over at The Shade. It's fine.


(accented) Over the rock?


It gives you a solid good minute of hiking to read the gnomes.


At the bottom in the middle?


What happens if we don't see the person on the horse? What happens? We just land right outside the gates and ring the bell?


Keyleth, please, don't be this way. We'll go out again tomorrow. It'll be fine.


Well.


We are down that way?


You'll definitely find elementals because they're definitely here.


No, I'll wait. I thought we were next to a tree.


We fight them in there.


Nothing wrong with those.


I'm just going to leave that as an open target for a little while.


Fuck. I almost got-- samesies. 11.


Oh, and I'm going to write another letter that says something about the Knights of Requital. That says, like-- what should it be? "I'm glad to be working with you! You sure are nice!"


How long are the oars?


Don't infect me!


Sorry, Mort.


Wait, are we in the mansion or are we--


Glass as well, or--?


And we still have, if we get to 400, correct, next? Lucas?


Listen. I would show any part of me for, like, two gold.


The world is full of mysteries.


Do any of us know what's beyond? Like what's on the other side of this lake? Is it a mountain?


No, that's going to set the tone in a real weird way. There's a thing called sarcasm that you ride a line with sometimes.


I think, between the three of us, it should be fine if the rest of you want to go and--


I'm not going to quite bump into them, you know.


I just thought they were really pretty.


Clarota, yeah. Clarota.


Maybe I need to hit people.


Go ahead and translate that.


Yeah. She's going to--


I'll never stop loving you!


Oh god, we're all going to die.


I'm going to use my paint, and I'm going to change the sign to "The Fungal Fart." (laughter)


Broke out of prison? That's very impressive.


What are you gonna turn into?


Oh. Heh. I don't know how that's possible, but yeah!


Trinket, let's go to bed.


Could I have another cup of coffee here?


If we live, we're in store for so much I-told-you-so. (laughter)


Everybody needs a hobby.


Did you just put--


This is not an intimidatable person. I mean, you can just look--


Should've cut him down tomorrow. One more day up there would have made no difference to him, and it's going to make a difference to us because we have to move tonight now.


Ah! Everything's better!


What do I roll?


I don't know. I remember him. He was always a little shit.


Well, I'm a human with no magical abilities, so I'm going to run.


And also, can you get something for him that would really accentuate his features?


Well, that's exciting.


Which means you roll with advantage, but they get advantage on you.


Well said.


I run up and I hug him.


Compass?


Empty?


13. Minus two, you asshole. (laughter)


Feels like an intermission room.


We'll leave the skull in this house--


All right, sure. Why not? It's 1000 gold, but okay, sure. (all laugh)


And Grog. And we're going to do a Mass Cure Wounds. 3d8 plus my spellcasting ability. Okay.


11 months from now  Do you have the rusty key?


I'll hang onto this for now. It might be massage oil.


You're welcome to design this, it's just going to be much more expensive.


I'll switch to something inconspicuous. I'll join the somewhat inconspicuous-looking humans attempting to create a uniform similar to Beau's.


Hope you guys are ready for this.


Oh! But do I remember having the fake memory? Or do I not remember having a fake memory?


Very strong.


Yeah. Me.


For the beginning of the round, I'll say, guys, I think large giants are coming. Be aware.


Don't show her that.


From my vantage point that I had, how far away was I from them?


I can never remember. Well, you know, that's probably good enough. Let's see. 18?


Party time.


They know we did it.


We have a gift of the gods and soon we will have many more.


You're checking for traps?


To whoever's doing my little bar at the bottom: I came in with 111 hit points. I now have 151. In case you're doing this thing down here.


That's our M.O., baby!


Yeah. I want to be in the front.


Remember what he did to your beard.


It usually is.


New leather.


Okay, yeah. I like do a climber's loop harness and tie Nott around me, around my middle section and then get over.


Yeah, that is correct.


Fuck a duck. Yeah, okay, that changes shit. That's got to go. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah.


I saw my sister get picked up and put down, so I know where invisi-bear is, and I'm going to push through and feel along my sister's shoulder and feel were-bear's arm and say: You're in the middle of hell. This is a Ring of Invisibility. Thank you-- and push through, and I'm going to try to use my bonus to push all the way through and fill that gap.


Nothing's happening. (laughter)


17 is my AC.


Be dead, be dead.


We have to talk to Artagan.


The first roll I did was a nine? It was nine, yeah.


I just showered, you guys, now's not a good time. I'm just--


Hey, Deucey. How we doing?


Sure, I'll come.


He's going to kill himself.


(giggles) My friends.


Clarota... (laughs)


You deserve it.


I run in.


They are searching both ways, it looks like.


And save against dex 16.


My sister's right in the face of the ogre, correct?


It could be worse. That's six plus four, so ten.


So he wouldn't disintegrate with it?


Even if my sister's waking up, I kick her hard in the ass.


Did I show my boobs?!


Previously known as the Knights of Requital. EVERYBODY: Right, yes.


I believe in life. That's all I was raised to believe in, was life. When you're married to death, it's pretty much all you have. And I didn't believe in any actual person until I met Zahra. She saved my life. She didn't have to, but she did. And she started to teach me what it meant to have family. I didn't really know what that was like until I first saw you guys together. I figured there was no way that was going to happen, and then there she was, and suddenly I had a sister. Once again I realized that, at the end, life conquers all.


With Scanlan in hand, start diving down to go see if I can find them or have any sight of them at all.


That was the grain of sand.


Let's find it; then we'll decide later.


All right, I go to bed.


Welcome back to season five of Spellslingers.


I take out the blue crystal. Is it still pulsing?


Yeah! Say he can help take down the big bad guy.


Frumpkin comes over and also pisses on it.


No, see! That's okay! I understand following orders.


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe, where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex--


Enjoying the fumes. As they waft up again.


High metabolism. Use it!


If you took us to the gift shop, it might fix things. Okay?


That means you like me.


Thanks, guys.


(old man voice) There’s doors in them there caves.


Okay. Beautiful brass scrolling and priceless cut rubies adorn this silver set of armor. Worn by the high priest Duana of Pelor as she fell in the battle of Ghor Dranas. While wearing this armor, you gain a plus-three bonus to AC?!


That's good. Closer, a little bit, to him. One more closer.


Our dragonborn room is available now, and as well, we have a dungeon.


Yeah, it's all right. I need it.


Okay, we're going to go ten more minutes up and I'm going to give a speech as we go.


Well.  Hold on, let me check my list.... that is on the list. It was... lower down, but, it's another thing I have to tick off before I'm a real adventurer! So, I'm up for anything if you are.


(whispering) What is that?


I think it might be more than that. I feel weird. I feel really weird. I'm going to have some - I'm going to have - What's the D&D term for Bloody Mary? I need a mimosa or a Bloody Mary and I'm going to take a rest.


Everybody else is getting a fucking hug.


I'm going to go find a workshop to work on something.


Yeah, little ledge. Yeah, a balcony. I want to make a cliff balcony.


It happens. Oh, it's magnets?


It dies in this room. Do you hear me? You die in this room.


Is it a-- or a button?


And his thighs.


I will pull your beard off your face.


Yesterday, guys, was D&D Beyond's first one-- first one-year anniversary. Take two. Hey guys, yesterday was D&D Beyond's one-year anniversary. Wish them a happy birthday on their Facebook and Twitter pages.


Short rest. Recover six spell levels because I have arcane recovery. So I can actually get that back


Nope. He doesn't talk to me.


I follow. Wait! We're not altered!


He's unconscious; don't listen to that piece of shit.


Okay, so I would get a straight attack, right?


So that's, okay, at least this is a badass, as I at least did some damage. 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 24 damage, plus four points of fire damage.


So five for the second.


As our faces are like--


Darin De Paul! (applause)


I haven't moved.


I mean, it's the first time we've had a home in forever, and we're leaving it.


In the building, now!


So yeah, that's three psychic damage and he has disadvantage on his next attack.


Miss you. Say goodbye to Travis and Laura. Oh man, I wish those guys could have been here this year, but instead they brought me for some stupid reason. What do you say we get this party started, you guys? [cheering]


Misses. 22.


But he said preserve it.


Can't win with this guy.


I do start unlacing, and I say, I'm one of you. And I show the tattoo on my back.


It was a wonderful fight, did you see it?


Can't detect magic?


No deft, with a T. I can dodge blows uncannily. I can anticipate what my opponent is going to do ahead of time and dodge out of the way.


Okay. I apologize that there's no art yet. I'll get around to that. There's a snake tattoo that curls all the way up the arm. That goes all the way up into the peacock-- people have seen the top of the peacock, but the peacock is actually roving into a big floral piece that goes down into a snake that is swallowing the hand. There is an eye in a pyramid piece with another eye illuminated above it. It seems to almost go into the hairline, all the way up the back. There's a moon and sun connected to the shoulder piece that all interconnects. The whole thing's very complicated.


So we're not having this room party?


Oh my gosh, there was this big trouble at the carnival, did you go?


Son of a bitch! Ahhh!


Okay. (laughs) You do look lovely, though, in your dress.


I assume it will. I don't know anatomy. I haven't talked to my sister about this. She might be able to give us input, and I don't want to lead with this. I don't want you to do it because I feel like you could melt in there.


That's my boy.


Clarota is trying to screw with us.


Natural 19, so 29.


25 and five silver!


What am I going to do with all these chalices?


The good guy-- the bad guy.


(sputters) Not once?


We need to scry on the fucking friends, we need to check in on that skull, maybe. And you need to maybe open up the plane to the Dread Emperor and see about the Craven Edge.


We've met Aldor.


They wanted us to hurt you. To destroy your circle of stones.


Okay, cool, I'm on board.


It's an okay roll. 21.


Is it an auto--


Maybe we should get the others and-- what fucking? Extra?


You take a d20.


Kiri's our little daughter, she's a bird.


(Grog voice) I have advantage. Ooh, that's good.


Laura!


Now, I need to talk with you. Can-- can we go out? Are we leaving yet? (laughter)


These happen to be made of metal.


That is a 22.


It's the ghost pepper cookies.


At this point, I feel like our option is only to go towards the house, if we can find his family's keep.


Oh. (ahem) I said. Super.


I thought we knew this about me already.


Lord of the Quadroads, now.


Seriously, we just fought something.


Yes. I'm not going to pretend I always make the best calls. But I at least would like to know its name.


No, it's been more than once.


Oh! But how did-- I mean, they would have had to have been--


Grog's got it.


Yeah, it's been a fucking thing in here. What's so funny? Hey, zip it. The hydra, did it (sliding) back in the hole, or is it still out?


Yasha got to roll, too?


Just a little perspective here. The gnolls pushing away the cart, how many are there? And what are they--?


Is anyone within ten feet of me?


I still have the pine cones you gave me.


Yeah, home slice.


Tourists must love it here.


Unless you, actually--


Slimes, jellies. All right.


No no no no no. I'll give him a-- shut up, Scanlan. (all laugh)


Please, have dinner with us.


Yeah, I'm far away from her now.


Only five of these. The other's my trainer Ron, who plays another goliath, and my brother Nick, who plays an elf ranger who was incinerated by the fucking death knight!


A regular pouch can hold a lot of buttons.


Oh, they're purple. Mine has like a--


Oh. My goodness. You must have proved yourself greatly.


How far away are you guys?


So she's 19, 20?


No, no, it's a fancy robe. It's just a regular robe.


Probably just a smaller party. Don't we have business to attend to here? Gold to count and--


That'll give you the runs, you don't want that.


Yeah, right? It makes remote play not quite as removed.


Did you just fucking go father than 60 feet away from me?


What color are your eyes? I need visual.


Well, I mean, she lives here.


Assume it might miss.


Exit the other side of the great hall that we're in.


I can give you guys enhanced ability, too, for the remains of the evening. You can pick something and both of you, if you want to be better at something for a little while.


I so badly wish I could have what he has.


Getting intense? Jesus.


I'll open the door.


I'm gonna swim to her and try to cast Cure Wounds.


You got that plate of food for Caleb that you ate half of?


(laughing) I get to go?


Wow. That's great.


Not that I know of. I was the only one who had this thing. I don't know.


Okay, okay, 20.


Can you still see Travis?


We don't see them yet?


Question about Rite of the Dawn, is it just plus three or is it just my wisdom or is it also a--?


Hightail it out of this fucking room!


Now are we talking architecture or natural?


I'm looking on the back.


I will say this  I love the sound of this spell, but wouldn't travelling mist be really undetectable? Could we mist around?


I got a ten.


I've made an extra copy of your character.


Two riders?!


Call to him.


I attack Fjord, sneak attack damage! Pretty good. (knocking)


This very shirt? This one?


Now let's vogue. This changes every time!


Something tells me you won't be wielding it.


If any of the Marduns are there, we might be able to-- to be honest guys, there's not a lot of options, but we might be able to get some help from them. I don't know for sure. In any case, it's a place to regroup. This brothel is not in the business of spilling everybody's secrets out.


But, you know, that's my skill, too.


Not many? Have there been others?


Don't complicate this, I think we'll be okay. I think.


Take your time, take your time.


Ouchies.


Oh, 13, excuse me.


Does it stop the magma?


We are not leaving the horn here.


Please. Who did this to you? We can help you.


(whispers) Wow, Pike.


Yes, exactly.


I look Grog right in the eye before they come in. I very quietly say: does your friend have an opinion on the skull?


How long has it been since you've been to Emon?


Not a penis at all.


What's that? He's like a ram?


I have no respect for anyone who says we're not so different.


Ghorrix?


Yeah, I need to see what's going on.


Since we're friends now, and you're learning about us, what does your father do that you suspect he killed this poor man?


'Cause that's what I do.


It looks like there's some hide armor.


For you?


(laughs) I can’t count when you do that. 24.


That's 1d6 plus 1d4. 2d6 now, that's right. That's not bad. That's ten points of damage.


Zac! Travis is outside.


20 was the second arrow that I shot at her.


I don't know. Does Senokir think that that would be bad?


Could have taken them.


I've seen them!


That's not concentration, it doesn't do anything.


While Grog's thinking about that, I pull him aside and say Did I ever show you I know how to summon a dragon, d'you know how to do that?


(in an exaggeratedly evil voice) We're a lot alike, you and I. Bleaaah. (normal voice) What an asshole, Jesus.


I see that.


I think I'll go mention it to The Gentleman.


A human.


I put my arm down so he can put as much weight as he wants.


Ah! (babbling)


Should we take the left one?


22. We are riddled with it.


How far is your distance?


Hey look! Ashley's here!


In the morning, I'll look at the beading. (all laugh)


Can you climb 25 feet?


Okay, go in there, Nott. Do it.


I give them to the twins.


Let's start making our way.


It's going to be amazing. Would I like to move?


I'm sorry. No, just keep talking.


He didn't see me before.


Is your dark spell still up so we can't see anything?


Simon Whisk was a good friend to Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III.


Party on the airship.


What things?


Noooo.


You'll be okay. We're going to keep going. Good luck.


You shouldn't have looked at me when I cast my spell!


What's the exact opposite of that? (laughter)


Yes. It's mostly for your benefit.


We are missing a long rest. We could just get the fuck out of here.


Let's pass our--


If one of us dies tonight, do we not go to GenCon?


Percy, you're going to need a bigger boat. (laughter)


Well, that's what's most important. Are the Knuckles still doing that vibrating hum thing?


I've had some sprains that feel like breaks.


Do not let the bird get hit! You will plummet to your fucking death.


They're making asses of themselves, aren't they?


The nice white stripe across the top, from its head all the way down.


Scanlan, again.


We're not RPing still?


Maybe we should just--


To kiss? You kiss your family?


You could also be a sparrow.


I open the door. Hi.


Navigator, set course for the Gravid Archipelago, "ar-chi-pelago", "ar-ka-pelagos".


What about you, Fjord? Are you going to vomit any seawater this morning?


Yeah. We're camping. But we should camp in the trees, y'all. Not in the ground, in case the things come up out.


Or Bloody Marys?


Of course, I still defer to you as my teammates. I don't have to be the one who takes this serum. I did pay for it, but if one of you wanted to do the probing, you could buy it off me, I suppose.


Oh, the armor?


Oh, that is a question. We're here to help. Come on out.


You'll see. You're going to get the paper.


Would you mind speaking on our behalf to Emperor Uriel? Emperor? Sovereign Uriel. That'd be great. That'd just be wonderful.


We can follow traffic.


I'm trying to figure out if this plate mail is cursed or not.


$3 off.


Caleb, burn just these edges here.


Do you want to be bait, Grog?


That was really... something.


And seven for the third guy.


Ooh! Here we go!


We're not in there.


25,000 gold worth of diamonds.


They've got to, right? They have horses here.


Bipedal or on all fours?


Yeah, we're so dumb.


Does he have advantage on wisdom something?


Hands shaking, body quivering, blood everywhere. (all laugh)


I'm drunk. That was pointless, let's keep going.


I'm going for the machete!


No-- There it is.


Even better!


Okay, yeah. Uh-huh.


Okay, so I flip my hood over my head, and I quietly go in the door.


I've been watching in the car.


Okay, there's nothing there.


Oh, no, Tary.


I pick up my battleaxe and there's a little medallion hanging from the bottom of it and I look at it and I go: Goddamn it, and I try to stealth after them. Natural 20.


That is-- oh, that's good. That is 21.


That's true. Only good people die.


Sir Cadigan? That's a good name.


I took the duergar, I was holding her right over the cliff, and I just cut, and she fell! She fell! I didn’t know what I was doing, I just did it!


Yeah, she does. This crazy-eyed old lady does.


I feel far less nervous about this Orcus thing now.


Are you going to try to-- what are you going to do to Uk'otoa?


He's so easily influenced.


It says, "You can control the hand." But I don't know if that means--


Girl better appreciate.


Don't fuck me, Gil. Okay, yeah, 24.


Oh really? I can't see it.


This is the bigger one?


But its magicked up.


Shove it back in. (laughing)


Which is why we're gonna take a proper nap.


I can also throw some Fireballs.


I'm three feet away from you.


Plus four!


It's memory lane. I see a big head of something shaped like a bowling ball.


(muffled) I don't mean to be rude!


Yeah, I think so. I think so. This is very good tea.


Oh, come now. You recognize me. Taryon Darrington! The brave, the bold. We both fell in battle, so I know exactly how you feel right now.


I wish to know what Avantika just fucking said.


In the worst-case scenario they can go underground.


He can give me Enhance Ability which means I would get advantage on checks.


Yeah. That's right.


You're losing some friends.


They're not who we're looking for.


She’s really good.


What do you see, Kima?


And the room goes silent, and the mug comes up.


Is there anything that you can tell us about the smaller one?


I agree. We need proper preparation. Percy, I'm pretty sure you have a good background on vampires and what-have-you, as do I, as I've researched them in the last couple of days. There's other things that we should research, as well, and probably arm ourselves for that kind of conflict, if it comes to it. Quite frankly, I have a feeling if it's the whole town we're dealing with, we need to find out how many innocents there are to save, and if the number is low enough, we can fly in with an army ourselves, which would take some time. The Draconian Knights. I am an ambassador to Draconia, officially, after all the assistance I've sent, in giving them the Wheel of Mending, and proving my point.


I check for traps on the chest.


Druid needs booze badly.


Will you inspect it?


(whispers) Quiet.


I pace behind the group and start catching up to him.


Here, I put two gold in his pocket.


And let's do some damage. And damage is 20 points of damage.


So many good messages.


It was a totally smart idea.


And to rifle through their pockets, I imagine.


Well, we heard the whole thing was underwater. Did you hear that? Like submerged?


Oh no! We have to talk to him, you guys. We're not going to beat him.


You're going to shove it where the sun don't shine.


I love light.


Well, what is it?


