Your whole life?


Wow, that's a lot.


Well, the shipwreck is here.


Kenku.


(sings Jurassic Park theme) (others join in)


Okay. How close am I to this dragon?


That was a long time ago, anyway. Let's just focus on getting out of this place away from that woman.


He's in dodge, so it's at disadvantage?


So he's a paladin of--


It's a gnome thing.


They told us the truth!


Did it feel the same coming out of you or was it different?


Let's see, who's going next-- I will inspire Percy with a song. I will sing: (sings) And if we're talking Percy, you got a perfect gun, so put it on me and pull that trigger, if you shoot him right, you'll end his life, on and on and on-- (cheering)


Can Trinket fit through?


I appreciate it, Molly. I'll turn in.


Before you go sneaking around the side.


Are we going to try and pack horse this? Is that how we're--?


Yeah, it bumped up to 20 when I leveled up.


Is anybody watching me?


Taking quite advantage of his current state of mind.


And we learn for the future  this won't happen again. You understand me?


Venice in August. Beach, not--


I'm gonna go up and try to look at it.


I'm so confused on our plan.


Yeah. I get into a vantage point. I get up into a tree, and while they go do their recon, I want to cast Commune With Nature.


Candied books, candied books!


Well she tasked me; it's not a lie! She tasked me with this. We seek a book. We would love some help, and it contains the Incantation of Isolation. Maybe about 812 years old-ish. Maybe 813?


(whispers) Percy.


I didn't expect you to wear platforms.


Give me some fucking money.


Masochists.


He's prone, though, can he do that?


(snapping) Water Walk.


Go get her. She won't talk to me. She's too scared of me.


(air horn noises)


I don't think anyone can use it.


I don't know if they had a method or if they just walked right in.


He rolled so fucking high!


Like Superman.


She's dead?


I run back inside.


I'm wearing my hat, too.


Well, that's a different story.


That's two moo jokes, I might add.


Can I squeeze in one mini-conversation before the end of it all?


That had a name! That had a life, that had a mortgage.


I'm going to get on the cart and try and put my cloak over me.


See you later. I go stealth. 20. No, 23.


Oh, that's no good. 13?


I tried to end the game. I thought the game could totally have been ended right there.


I faint. (laughter)


You already do.


Really? You're not going to let that slide? 19!


No, throughout the city.


Thank you. I will never again not watch your spellcasting! You tiny bundle of adorable creature!


Happy St. Patrick's Day, everybody!


But Matt--


These are all good suggestions. But I'm a man of instinct, and my instincts said I need to supplement my body with some extra liquid courage. So if you can please continue to look for me.


That's actually a good thing. We were trying to figure out what to wear!


See, you're fine.


You'll have to give him a gold coin, though.


It's fine. I put it down, I pull out the pistol, and I'm going to take a shot.


Oh, maybe we could do it in the morning?


Oh, on the summoning stones.


Our leader isn't with us right now.


With the beard, you did.


Wait, what happened?


I bought a hoodie.


She already has them.


(high pitched) Three?


Click my Boots of Haste. (laughter)


I bet it was a really good hour.


Yeah. That was my thing, though. So I'm a little nervous about that.


On me.


I never do that.


It's filled with pepper.


Like Tremors?


Hey, at least Vecna's not a god. Bonus there.


That's okay. She's very jumpy sometimes. You can understand; we've been living in the woods for a long time. Every time we come near any place like this, we're attacked, jumped, followed. So I apologize on behalf of--


Hey! Hey! You're just going to walk by?


Dashy-dash.


I mean, no.


We get nine birds! It's nine.


Yeah, I think he's hand-held. Maybe we need like a few Yenks. Everyone can do with a few Yenks. (laughter)


I want to find the most ridiculous mead out there.


It's not, it didn't work today, but it could work tomorrow or the day after.


Then I'm going to Hex it? No, no, I'm going to use Witch Bolt.


I'll have Mort hold it. Mort!


I will give the group a basic narration as I see these things.


It's not a concentration to keep up that command. So, like-- keep fighting the dragon until it hits the ground would theoretically be one command that would keep going?


Okay, great. Okay, I will attack him now.


I've already walked away.


(laughs) Yes! Amazing.


I'm a tourist.


That will be fine.


Everything we did was perfect.


Inconvenience, schminconvenience.


You Pass-Without-a-Traced us, right?


How many weapons can you wield?


I think I'm going to go to sleep. I don't know about the rest of you. I'm going to pat him on the shoulder and, just for fun, cast Protection from Poison.


Get the hell out of there (laughs)


Cool. There's still a fire elemental, right?


Can we do nothing and--


We discussed this.


Do I have any like stones or any like rocks or anything in my bag or--


Thank you, Percy. That's very kind.


I'm not in a rush.


The lowest you can get is ten.


Oh sure, well then they can hop on camera. We're going to start getting ready for dancing.


If you could, send it to Whitestone?


Well, let's go kill something, yeah?


It's a rare egg. Magical in nature. It can save a life, in any situation. And if you eat it when you are nearly dead, you will go back into battle with the strength and bravery of ten men, and you will not rest until your foes are dead.


There's a baby right there.


Is there a way that second Scanlan can be, like, definitely hidden? So he can just be (snaps) support Scanlan? Counterspell Scanlan?


I'm going stay and keep an eye out on deck.


What? I go down.


They could suck your brain out.


Eight, 14, 19, 30, 35.


Okay, so maybe we don't touch the orb anymore.


Pike, you have a cool blessing. Is it doing everything?


Hey, Nott, I found some pickled muscle for you.


(whispering) Yeah, I'm sorry.


And I don't like the way these folks are looking at big man, so I'm going to stay by him.


Can I search the cobra head?


Do any of us know anything about magic that could heal him? Like any spells.


I know Halfling, right? Yes. I'll shout back, top of the morning to you. (laughter)


Ten feet closer to Yasha's direction, on land still. I will hold Eldritch Blast until I see the reappearance of--


I could turn them.


Of course. I send Trinket to Keyleth's room.


We saw bolt-throwers, those giant bolt-throwers. Like, Lord of the Rings-style. Siege towers. Also Lord of the Rings-style.


Not yet. Don't donate yet. Donate next week.


I go and start heading towards the tunnel and pushing all the water outwards.


It is the Critical Role dice.


Okay. It's too much, it's advantage because of his smell.


Don't start any fights, we have a dragon to kill.


How are you doing, personally?


Can you give him something for me?


With my 21?


So we follow the corpses and see where they're coming from.


Can you read what it says, Ashley?


He's not very good. Oh, he's gone.


You mean the thing that Orion took from me? Yeah, the thing that I needed? Yeah.


We have some reading, if you like. I'm going to grab the copy of Tusk Love. (laughter)


Hands and face is what I was hoping for.


So Infernal is going to be a problem.


Fuck, I love you.


That's kind of my hesitance about it, I guess.


Got my insoles!


I have advantage on those.


Staggeras or Standeras?


Can I have one? I'll have two of those potions, if you don't mind.


It just detonated on the other tapestry?


Can we take him to Gilmore, can we take him to--?


Shit's a good word, too.


Well, we can obviously fly.


This is just like when David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear.


Oh, I so want to just throw the entire rope down. (laughter)


Can you go back and forth?


Smooth.


The dice roll. Four plus six is ten.


Okay, I'm not saying no.


Flames help it. Fire heals them. Cold damage. Do cold damage!


Fucking A. With my bonus action, can I cast Wrathful Smite?


Is it-- the brazier, it's in the wall? It's inside the wall?


I would have laid down my life for you guys.


Oh, what? Are you fucking kidding me right now?


I'm amazing!


Heading out?


Protection from acid would probably be very--


This is a good trick he does. He can look at it once and it will stay with him forever.


Everyone, is Fort Daxio where this confrontation is going to happen?


Recently awoken.


You can go and alert the authorities.


I don't know. (singing) Critical bite!


Oh, they might, I just might forget.


Yeah, but Keyleth, once we're arrested, he's supposed to, like, shuffle us in, y'know, on the low-low, into--


Plan B. That's fine.


And avarice.


Are we supposed to go to the Pillow Trove or the Leaky Tap?


Oh, I'll take anything I can get.


Yeah, but we don't want to fight all of them.


I'm giving a clear.


I'll aid you.


It's a bit late in the game, but are you being completely forthright with us? Is he?


Things tend to live.


(exaggerated Texan drawl) I do a cowboy saunter up behind the-- I go under the lollipop and I use the magical field of the lollipop to make it like me walking through a glitter fog machine. I walk up to him, thank you. I walk up, and I'm going to attack with my falchion.


Anybody within radius takes 1d8 if they make the save and then 2d8 if they fail.


Back out the door.


Great night.


Share with Tal.


I'm not great at identifying what they are. I can generally be like, that's magical! But I don't know arcane things, only natural-based magics.


Very great man.


And is it we're blinded, or we're blind where we are?


He rolled a crit?


Yeah, they ain't going anywhere.


You can throw some dirt in his face!


With attack-attack.


Why didn't you roll the snitch?


Oh, jeez Louise!


It's high noon! [laughter]


We talked for a week!


They both have to make strength saving throws.


It's so good to see you.


Yes, I could.


Right? Exactly.


I'm going to bitch-slap it, but the forceful hand. So I can just push it far away from us. Possibly to the front door.


Might have canvas, at least.


We're the group of adventurers for you. I don't know if you've heard of the heroes Emon, who just recently- I'm sure you've heard something. Word travels fast.


It's the open spaces where I suffer. The tight spots, I feel very good about. It's the open spaces. This is a very tight spot.


You know, I feel like there's someone collecting terrible things.


Question, mine are on me, right?


Yeah, six.


And then shops for more potions.


Is anybody in the shit alley?


Real difficult.


That's where we're staying?


Passed over.


I have danger sense, so does that...?


I'm so proud.


I bring Frumpkin out in his new speckled elf owl form, which is the smallest owl on the planet. He weighs one ounce.


Not that we heard anything about what you just did.


It did break.


What? My stomach?


A crossbow bolt. Until someone is-- they're engaged with someone of my friends.


That creepy-ass book we need to look at.


We're fine, she and I. We're a team, and she's taught me some stuff, and I've taught her some stuff, and we operate together.


Right. Did you want to see just the castle, or did you want the grand deluxe Poobah tour, which is around Whitestone as well?


That's it. Just nine and regular gnoll, that's all that we have. That's campaign two, ladies and gentlemen.


I rolled shit for stealth, so it wouldn't do me any good.


Kids, you heard it here.


Yasha has nine. I have eight.


I'm going straight for the Mage Hand to untie them.


No, that sounds fair. I've known to preside over many legal matters in my time as Judgeface of Northwind.


Don't worry, Nott. If you fall over the side, Fjord and I will catch you.


Vex just healed herself, right?


Okay I've gone (counting) 20, arguably 25 to 30. Can I just then try and get here?


Maybe we should have Caleb check out some of these items. I mean, what if this meat hook, like, you know--


Let him know!


No, that's not great. We'll figure it out later.


Boof!


Swim up in his eyeball, and just be like, wah, look at me, I'm--


There it is, it's right there. Invisible fucking Larkin dwarf dragon.


Hey, Shaun? Once in a while? All the time?


Yeah, I'm starting it now so that people who are not here can figure out their way here.


But you do extra damage because you're--


Is there any way in this contract we could add a clause where you preorder a thousand or so books to be sold by you here, later?


Well, we have something in common then and thank you for your stone of warmth or whatever it was.


Caleb, do you want to eat some fruit and look at the--?


Ashley just texted. She doesn't work next Thursday.


All right. So the first one, which will get the sneak attack fun, is ten plus psychic damage is 16 plus sneak attack damage. (counting) 38 for the first. Plus Hunter's Mark.


Pike's got crazy wisdom, we should make her look at it.


It's quite comfy sleeping like an animal.


Are you going to do that $20 bill trick in New York City, thing?


28 for stealth.


Like the Denver airport?


Why did you give them money, though?


30. 30 points.


That's a really good roll for Trinket.


Hey, Garmelie!


We also spent a lot on the keep, "the blood runs themselves are enchanted --" don’t forget that, we dumped a lot of money into the keep.


Seriously, the whole time she is like this?


His favored terrain is vomit.


What? Is it really?


I'm going to spend two sorcery points to quicken a spell and then cast Scorching Ray right at it. (fire blasts)


Well, fuck off. (all laugh)


Everything.


Fill her up!


Oh sh-- Are you guys that old?


We're heading.


That's a 17 to hit.


Yeah. Man. Like, why would we do anything like that? I feel like we're all being needlessly persecuted.


Let's find out.


Keep him distracted.


(loudly) What do you see?


Can I run forward and cast Cure Wounds on Pike?


She's the Tyler Durden of halflings. (all laugh)


"He's-god." So should I change back?


Sherri works there, if they're around?


'Member clerics?


I point invisibly and say  The door that I'm pointing at! That one!


I'm going to do flurry of blows.


So worth it!


I'm hoping this is a place where somebody named Rachel Diver may have bought a piece of land or something.


If we can freeze him in place, maybe. He's made of metal.


Well, I don't have one plan in mind. Part of me thinks that I should just stop it from happening to anyone else. Part of me is very selfish and wants to carve it out of my past.


Critical damage. That's 11 points of psychic damage.


You will be back.


That's what I meant, baby. Thank you.


Okay. I cast a shark.


But the aesthetic.


40 minutes.


We'll throw some meat down there too.


Do you guys want to split up the 200?


Okay. So, Grog, I have to be honest with you. When you asked me for this before, I lied. To you.


Don't move the axe! What if his brain starts leaking out?! Don't do it!


Here are the two switches. (clicking) And for your mine.


We're going inside it.


No, it's not fine!


Were you here when he took the castle?


The best one?


It's crazy how that didn't work, though. I mean, because it was a really smart plan.


Thenton, you will forgive us if we don't give you free rein of the ship while you're on here.


Me and my fellow companions are coming in.


You asshole! How dare you? How dare you?


What do you want me to do with these? Just keep them safe?


Put it in the bag of colding.


Maybe this yellow vial of potion could do something for it as well.


I was gonna suggest-- we had the Hunger Games reference, so what was his name? Kerrion or whatever? The Gamemaster in the first one?


These people have seen a lot of shit, not just one hunk of shit.


Oh, that's good! That's good.


I come down the stairs at this point.


Do you have any anything left in you?


Roll low!


Rothfuss jacked that cloak.


Here, you can have these old boots of mine.


I would set all four books down in a row, and the sphere is there, and these two items. Stare at them.


Then let me spend a ki point to do Step of the Wind.


You're an elephant though.


Intelligence checks? All right.


He can follow us. That's fine.


Cover.


That looks like it would fit in the rod.


Okay, so, Liam asking a question, and this is your choice. It's just an idea that popped in my head. Could I request that everybody but Sam and Marisha leave the table?


36, 42--


Mighty Nein!


Do I have a third attack?


Kill things.


I'm mocking him.


What the hell, Nott!


Oh, well. Perhaps we should talk of other things. Should we?


I did. I think I'm okay, though.


I take five steps and then I go, I don't know where the blacksmith is.


Damn it! (laughs)


Yeah, if I can get next to him.


Guys, for those of you in the Critter community who made this amazing quilt. This is going to come with me and be on my bed, and I'll snuggle it.


We're friends of Gilmore.


You've been to the other side. What did you see? Anything? Is there an afterlife?


Scanlan's out, too, right?


Duskmeadow?


Other than that I'm going to take a look at it down below, to see if there's anything in there that's weird.


I'm like, oh, is this, oh--


I'm going to use Hellish Rebuke on him.


This is my other favored terrain.


Oh, he's dead.


We were stealthed.


We're dancing around this! We need this man!


There's more of them?


Let's just do it.


What mantacles?


Okay, and I inch back again and say, (singing) If it ain't broke, don't fix it. And hide behind the building.


I suppose. If we're just going to buy more, it doesn't matter. But just in case something happens along the way.


19, plus things.


(whispering) Take one of the things you stole and put it next to them.


No, near the shield warrior. Who's over there? The shield guardian.


Did you see her work in that room of blood?


Yeah, I'll take first watch. Unless someone objects. All right, that'll do. Do you want to or-- What's your-- I'll take it.


Oh, nice, the patchwork ones? Those are good.


I'm going to burn my action surge and take three more shots. Fuck it. See if I can lose the third gun. It's that night, apparently. No, I will not. That's 18?


I like my face.


Boomstick needs the bang.


Yes. The cube is always welcome.


You've got to wait 20 seconds. (laughter)


Stop it, Travis! God, I can't--


I'm going to take the ruby, too.


Oh also, I'm sorry, if I could round back for a moment to that tower. I know you don't know much, but it sounds like you've been here longer than we have. Have you heard anything about it? It's so odd.


I will stick my head out and shoot the hydra.


Yeah, we're gonna start kinda quickly dash after them.


But we didn’t -


I'll take bush one.


Yes, Kyor and Hunin. Well, would you feel safe going back to them, or would you like to be with us for a while? To your mother, I mean.


They don't get it, do they?


Yes! Oh, guys, come on, this is the best!


Plus 13? 3 plus 13? Okay.


I'm coming up with a veggie plate, by the way, the sort of things you're embarrassed your parents bring up, and putting it down.


Yeah, don't those fuckers do that type of shit? 20 total.


Is Clarence with us still?


Well, yes. (all laugh)


Forward.


Rolled a 12 on the inspiration dice.


Anytime Caleb does it, he sees all timelines, but in the interest of brevity--


Plus ten? 16.


At least they'll have to go one at a time, or two at a time across the bridge.


I'm gluten-free!


Oh! That's why you're being so quiet. Oh.


Oh my gosh, guys! Episodes 11 through 21? 21.


Ah, deception.


Don't poke it.


We can still find a Tasker.


There was a smudge on her face, and I know that the people get really pissed when there's stuff on their statues. I was trying to clean it off for you.


Wait. I'm raging. Can I be charmed? (cheering)


I rolled a 12 on insight.


Will Ferrell.


We're fine, we're okay, we're okay?


20 hits.


Was it in the ocean?


He had two.


I thought it was Allison.


Okay, I'm going to use my Alter Self swim speed.


Oh, that's even worse. Aw, minus two, fuck! Twelve.


Yeah, are there any spider fangs we can put in the bag?


Stop it. It was aggressive beyond necessity. We should have trialed the boy.


When Vecna is destroyed, she will call me back to where I would be right now. I expect everyone-- Keyleth and I have barely spoken-- I expect everyone to be sad, but I wish you wouldn't be so sad, not exorbitantly so, because I--


Grog. Grog, Pike, can I say something? I feel like there's some tension between us and we need to clear the air if we're going to go fight today. You guys are really bad today. Well. And I think it's because I haven't made you feel at ease. So can I please just take a moment before we go out there and just, for once and for all, say I'm sorry to you guys for what I did and how I left things. I said things that were really cruel and meant to hurt you, and that's wrong and I'll probably regret it for the rest of my life. But I needed to go and I just didn't know how to express myself. And I'm so sorry that I insulted you. Pike, I've said awful things to you for as long as we've known each other, and I can't take them back, but I can at least try to be a better person. And can I confess something to you? During the last year, I've-- I think I've been praying. I mean, I just talk at night and nobody hears me, but I guess that's praying, right? And sometimes I talk to Sarenrae, because that's the only one I know. And she seems cool. And she seems like someone who could be a good guide. And it feels good. And I even wrote a little poem about her and about her teachings. It's very simple, but can I tell you it?


Taryon Darrington. Nice to meet you. Be pleased.


Okay okay okay!


Shit. Yay!


I'm going to go meditate. I'll be back in eight hours.


Your Pokeball.


Granite.


With your dalliance.


I use my Druidcraft to grow some flowers on top of the dirt.


Give the explosive things--


Is it big enough to cover his big body?


Let's get the fuck out of here! Do a barrel roll.


And I'm first to attack so I have advantage.


It's an onyx mastiff. It's an onyx statuette of mastiff. If you use an action to speak the command word--


Onward, ho.


Sounds good, too.


So, we're simply trying to take one more headache off of your list of a lot of headaches. We're trying to do a good thing. A man in jail doesn't do anything for your city, but I bet 1,500 right now would.


But, it was what?


All opposed, say nay. Nice.


Yeah, happy birthday.


She's so incensed, she dropped accent!


Plus 11, eight, 28! Ooh!


Light the end of your staff.


Since childhood?


I don't what it was before I hit it with this dice.


Are you killing Caleb?!


I've totally forgot about Fassbender! Didn't he die?


Nope. He can't. Too late. He's casting like seven spells right now.


I mean, I sell to no one in particular, really. I have to be a little choosy about who gets the candles, but it's something that I've crafted over the years.


Then I will run back the way I came.


It's shit, man. You gotta choose a new--


Perfect. We're weekend buddies.


Ugh, it hits.


Open it. No. I hold up Frumpkin, I place him on the edge of the trapdoor, and send him scrambling under to look.


Ja? How do you say it?


-- fake ground.


Aw, now I feel bad. 15 points of damage, two points of psychic, and six points of lightning damage to shadowy jerk number one.


All right, Percy, come on.


He does the paw thing.


Well yeah, they're not in the room. Do you want to pop out of the room?


What are you looking for, Tiberius?


I bet they're worth a whole of money then, huh?


That's a straight-up 2d8. And yes, I said "two die eight," people at home. I'm old school, okay? I learned how to play in the 80s, and we say "two die eight." Not bad. That's going to be 30 points of damage.


I'm staying in the hallway,


Okay. Because I don't know if he's really there or not. First one is 33.


Oh. Well, then I'll attack them, I guess. How wide is my Prismatic Spray cone?


(laughs) I go, "Ohhh." (all laugh)


I feel you.


More than I think I have on my entire body. I think I just have four on each hand.


I say we make our way towards the spire.


Four gold.


Almost. It's called Animal Shapes. And it's basically Polymorph, but for all of us. I can turn us all into whatever we want.


I mean, I could Fog Cloud us. We could look like a big, floating cloud.


See, I would be all for that, given the circumstances of what Beau just outlined. Big consequences looming that are age-old, timeless things. But if she can control water now, I would be concerned that that effort might fall short, and then we'd be super fucked. I don't know what her abilities are.


That was bullshit. That was bullshit.


It didn't seem to help very much, though.


They take 2d8 bludgeoning damage and 4d6 cold damage.


Jimmy.


You saw your mission as a suicide mission, but if you had secured it, what were your plans? What was plan B? What were you going to do?


That was a Fraudidean slip. (laughter)


I give off a soft glow.


Uh-huh. How much?


I kick it off with the end of my foot. Little bit. Or try to.


All of our heavy hitters are dead.


It has no weaknesses.


Trinket is going to--


Who's near me?


It's magic, it's the best I've got.


(singing) Hello my baby!


Okay. This will be reckless attack. Great weapon master. Because fuck it. Why not? 28 for the first one.


Do you want me to give it a look?


15, 16, 17. 19.


Oh, uh. (clears throat, sniffs) Maybe we should get out of here. (all laugh)


Your mine?


Yes, I'm going to open the medical kit and rummage around. Pull out some stuff. Give me your wrist! I can definitely heal this.


There's a lot of books in it and fancy people are super interested in it.


Okay, great. This does not have the extra d6, so that's three plus six is nine, 12 points of slashing damage.


I have an idea, I have an idea.


Nope (laughs). Can't do it.


Yeah, it just kept getting more and more involved.


Do we have any souls?


Once again, I hope people can hear. Marvel Puzzle Quest is an awesomely addictive role playing puzzle game where Marvel's fearless superheroes come to life! You can download it now on the iTunes, the Google Play, the Amazon App Store, and the Steam. And now, a rare 5-star Spider-man has arrived in Marvel Puzzle Quest just in time for Spider-man: Homecoming, the movie. You can recruit Spidey and play in two new boss missions featuring the Sinister Six. Face the Vulture, or recruit him as a supervillain for your team. Now, to celebrate the awesomeness that is Marvel Puzzle Quest, I have another one of my famous puzzles for Taliesin.


We're about to hit the top of the temple, or all the sides of it?


Good thing you don't use strength.


I take out a case of fancy wine and-- (laughter)


Oh, you'll take it? Okay.


There is a chimney stack, though, right?


Man, I'm glad he's alive. I thought he was one of the dead bodies we found at the safe house.


Okay. Who can we ask?


Yeah, sure, sure.


We can let the people decide?


Like a wyvern.


The one that has the little mark beside it?


She's making it bigger.


So you want to head over there?


Does it count if it's a girl that he's talking to? I mean, it's not quite the same, right?


Yay, that's amazing.


Ooh, mood lighting.


And I'm going to give you a second arrow as well.


Grog draws boobs on himself in the reflection out of the ash.


Yeah, 22. Okay. And that's four, so double this-- 12, right? So four times two is eight. Plus four is 11. Math is a bitch. And two more of them? Because it's a critical? Okay. Seven. And a nine.


Oh no! What are you going to do?


Now you roll well.


We should do this every time we fly.


I agree. While we're not serving Uriel, that's not our purpose, I also don't want to leave an enemy of the state. That's not good for me, for what I want.


I know, but Fjord is right under it.


Can I trade you these two birds for that owl? Can I hold the owl?


Okay, he runs up to the one on Grog. But he moves out of the way so that I can get a clean shot on him.


We have a name! Goddamn it.


We'll all stay, until we don't have to.


(singsong) Well, maybe we should go.


Oh, but he's not back yet!


We'll pop it over-- pop it out if we need.


I don't even know if he likes it a lot.


Okay. I'm going to do-- you're fine, right?


Very excited to not have to hide it on the show anymore! Thanks for blocking my belly the whole time.


I think it's--


Okay. We sent it to the plane of the Dread Emperor.


We've got a distraction!


If you want, I can go.


It's so heavy, I couldn't pick it up! Trinket had to carry it.


They know how to make chicken, though, I know the servants know how to make chicken!


No, I have very-- trust me, I mean I could roll for shit but--


Maybe do the thing you just did.


Oh my gosh, this is so exciting. Okay. So the official winner of the first Critter contest is... Against the Chroma Conclave, designed by Antmageddon! (cheering)


Elevator straight down?


Does, DM, does Suggestion last forever or just for a little amount of time?


I have "Make Whitestone the tits," written in my notes of things that I want to do.


It's very mystical.


With that, I continue with the charade and loop my arm around Vax and say, shall we go into that room?


She usually picks a bird of some sort.


Mm-hm, Dispator. Seems like he serves him, and is in a prison. You know what's fun, I feel like a lot of the things we were looking for this whole time are all underground. It's like an underground city. Man, this is terrifying.


Can I not do that with Animal Shapes? I can't turn into the insects?


It is an action.


Oh, I mean, as close as you want to be. If you want to put your feet in, it's an amazing experience.


All right. I have just gone--


I'm really strong. I don't know a lot of things, but I think I know that.


Hoo boy, it's going to be scary down there. I think what I'm going to do is-- I'm going to take out the snake idol thing and-- I'm going to do a quick prayer to my god. Do you want to pray with me? Do you worship this one, too?


I don't know. I feel like I'm more precise than you. But, no, you're strong. You go for it.


You can kill?


I was not there very long.


All right. Well, we'll wait and see. While we're here, one thing, okay? No Money Pot. No Rat Food. None of those plays. I have silver, we don't need it right now.


Ah, nothing.


That big asshole.


What? What'd he say?


I don't know if we're going to bring it down. It was a cool idea, but I don't know if we're going to do it. We're no white ancient dragon.


He seems passive, I don't know.


Baby's in the way. Get used to it.


They might be spies! They might be spies.


Scared straight. You can take that shit on the road.


Not us, not us.


A yurt.


Guy with the comic book show?


That's probably a good sign. And the water looks cold anyway, and you could get hypothermia, so, you know, I've got to protect you, and, yeah. That's my turn. (laughter)


(high-pitched) One.


And we love you.


I ran a cyberpunk game for a little while.


Yeah, she does.


You guys are at the front.


Did I freeze?


That's a great time for a joke. That's a great time for a joke.


If we need to close it off, light the tip of that little wick and throw it.


Potion of healing.


I'll cure you, darling. Don't worry.


With a mustache. And a straw hat.


I'm ready. I'm holding my action until she reappears.


Hi, Vex.


I've already built my own prison. They don't know. I'm already there.


Should have brought more tar.


Brackish flesh?


Okay. Yes. Yes, that one.


You're coming back.


Look at you.


I'm brooming.


Wait, could I see the list of Vestiges?


I look down at her. Are you okay?


I mean, I don't like fighting, but sure.


They are, I don't care about them, I just care about Kevdak.


It's all right. Go with them. You'll be fine.


Excuse me. I'm looking for potions. Can I get some service?


Vax, you should tell your sister.


Please, I'm handsome as fuck right now, come on.


Well, they took the three ugliest ones. I mean, they left us.


You don't roll; you get the max.


She's blind.


Do you want me to sleight of hand throw the bag down an alley as we walk?


The cart wasn't on fire?


Sure. Yeah, I'm going to make him real beefy. He's got pecs that can lift semi-trucks. All right?


Yeah, all the fucking time.


I'm going to stick with him.


Didn't I tell you guys? There's a war starting tomorrow?


Thousands.


Hey, buddy, you missed your window!


We can't even speak, can we?


Technically, there are three of us out, because I ain't moving.


I take my last 5th-level spell to dump a Greater Restoration into Grog to bring him back from petrification.


No, because I want to be able to have an extra 5th-level spell.


My room? Oh, yeah, of course I'm going up there.


What would be the biggest inn in Zadash? Like the biggest place that if you go like, "Oh, I need to find the biggest inn in Zadash," this is what it is?


I deserved that. That's karma.


Ah! Hey! Oh, hi guys. Do I blind it or do I attack it?


No. That was a one.


Divine Fury.


Yeah! (counting) 21 points of damage!


Well, how else will they discern who I am? I don't want to go alone.


Johnny Kraghammer?


Let's start with the kills, and then we'll get to the SHITs. My favorite kill, I finished off a blue dragon we faced. We all chipped away at this dragon, someone who had disguised himself as human for a long time, then we came to their secret cubbyhole, and they revealed themselves. We chipped away and chipped away, then at the end I sort of parkour-ran up a wall and shoved the daggers into its neck, and just slid down its entire body and finished it.


Can we see this all happening off to the side?


A lozenge?


The guardian's got this.


Well, we're inside. Do we want to set up a sneak attack? Can we?


Why are you shaking so much, Beau?


Enough critters visited backblaze.com/criticalrole and signed up. You saved his life! We can continue the show.


It's a really, really great book.


What? What? What?


I'm prone on the ground?


It wouldn't know that I was there? It wouldn't--


He's got this, but he doesn't have this. He's weak, he's hanging back.


With advantage on both attacks or one?


Including us inside?


They didn't even ask us.


Oh, I choose Emon.


I want to go back to our little cave that we dug out under where the Sun Tree is. Is that still there?


(joins in on the drum sounds) Totally.


What about the little hole in the lake that we smashed? Is it still there, or did it freeze over?


Don't do anything stupid. Mouth shut, eyes forward. Show me how you walk. Maybe a little less. That's nice. I also assume a little limp, slight.


Just you two, right?


Aye, I'll take a look at it.


Are you invisible with Blink?


Percy, that's not a good idea.


Wait. Oh no! You guys, guess what we didn't do? We didn't have a feast.


Who would like a very unstable item?


(whispers) And I want to buy the other one that's expensive, please, thank you.


The valley is like a taco shell.


We hate to bother you, also, but we did actually get robbed, and if you have any idea where we should start looking to actually--


Stop what?


The whole world's come undone.


Reckless. 36.


I was like, I'm going to find a guy to pull out cards for me, see what happens!


To the Tap? Why are we going there now? Oh, to the box thing!


Plus Grog is whaling on its head, so I'm going to Sneak Attack the tentacle that's holding Keyleth. Yeah?


I'm keeping you occupied. I really did this for you.


What did you and Zahra find?


(knocking) Y'all up?


That wasn't intervention.


No, nobody--


And it's undone immediately. (laughter)


Would have been eight?! Jesus.


This is us. Looking at Silence spells.


Is it clear?


Well, no one's going to bully you into a decision, but we're all happy to have you here. You know, my muscles are big. They can accomplish a lot, but we do better with you around.


Can we please stop talking in here?


You really get tired of this dying thing. I guess unconscious thing.


Can we see the hag moving inside the hut through the window?


Could you forge some professor hats for us all? (all laugh)


Throw a red one! Throw a red one.


You're very welcome. These are my lackeys, I have a band of-- you know, wandering--


You don't know. It's going to make Yasha boss.


I disengage and jump back 15 feet.


Being confined.


Deck of illusions, everyone.


Yeah, I'm glad we could help. That's why we're going to name our child Vax. I'm totally kidding; that's never going to happen. (laughter)


I thought that's what we were doing!


It doesn't want me, I don't want to use the skull. I want to keep you from using it.


Are we all rolling? Because we're all talking.


You're going to have to remember that now.


He stole it from you.


I know. (roars)


Danke. And I head up there.


So we can step over, around it? Yes! Wow! Caleb! Are you right next to me? No.


Let's back this up a little bit. You hung people from the Sun Tree?


They're not going to be sitting there. We're going to make tactical decisions about where to place everyone in and around the fort.


They're out. All the ones that got selected tonight are shades of pinks, purples and blues and I think it's lovely.


Fuck. There's a key.


(gasps) Maybe we can drop a little bit of dust of tracelessness behind us, though, so we're-- no?


We're talking about masturbation.


The deal we made with the Myriad, sir...


(sings) Look at this motherfucker.


He's a large creature isn't he?


Oh wait, you can use your Channel Divinity twice between rests.


Okay. Sincerely--


I'm glad we killed them before they used that on us.


So much so that she could almost pass as a druid wielding natural magic?


Something I said.


Have you ever pawned anything before?


(whispers) Sigil.


Why do both of you know that?


Copper? 100 copper?


Perception, 11.


I sit down next to Waldok with another drink and hand him a drink.


24 damage.


Yeah, just one over.


Remember, we can hold until we see them, right?


That's possibly very true, actually.


We want that one.


Or her.


(laughs) I love it when they come begging for a truce. That means he's scared.


Yeah, it's bigger than the first one.


I rolled a 23.


That's all right. I will yell at the troll Oi, troll, I would kick your ass, but I don't want troll shit on my foot. (laughter)


Those are available for pre-order for one more day as of 5:00pm, I think our time? California time? They're going to be out of the store.


I think 16th level. I don't know if I've leveled.


I rolled a nine.


Yeah, baby.


Marvel.


--brick two-story house near the fountain?


He's trying to bite his neck like a vampire!


You did it.


Or! I could make J'mon look like one of those dark flappy things and make us look like undead creatures?


We can all mist and go into the city and check it out.


Why did you come?


I feel it's a lot heavier than you look.


He's wearing a red robe, you said?


Come on, Kit Buss! Come on, fuck him up! Kit Buss!


Oh, yes. I can cast Locate Creature too.


And I cast Protection from Poison on her.


That's fascinating, what kind of scam?


14, 24, 30 points of damage. And now I'm going to use my bonus action to heal.


Maybe it's a trial, maybe we have to fight all of them!


Somewhere they're saying, "That's my bear".


All right. I take a big swig of booze, stand up on the table, take off my mask.


Great word.


I'll maybe try and figure out... okay, all right. I'm gonna go step outside.


Yeah, you know, your standard angry creeper.


I did! It was nowhere it should have been.


Oh no, that's K'varn. No, no, no, he's at the other one.


I am going to move like the sweet dewdrop that I am, and haul ass behind-- I've got a little pointer. I'm going to move behind that column.


I mean, technically, with Animal Shapes, I can change us with an action. Correct?


We have bigger issues than Anna at this point. Grog, do you have the Bag of Holding?


Don't you have a cone?


We have to play this the way we have to play it. It's dangerous, but we have to assume that she will most likely not betray us until the end.


Oh sure, if they're already dead, just go for it.


It's like a best of season one, that's great.


The High-Richter's dead, you guys. That wasn't part of the plan!


Charge headlong into danger with no lessons having been learned from the previous sessions.


Well, two more since-- wait.


Yes I do, I need it.


Can I say, for the Hex, wisdom ability checks-- disadvantage.


I'd like to run directly beneath it and slightly behind him.


Is that a medicine check at this point? If Trinket is frozen in ice? You can't say--


You see Fjord shift his weight.


Well a lot of these spirit guardians tend to have worshipers, and a lot of times they'll bring them gifts, so that makes sense. Yeah, I probably should have told you guys that before you went in, sorry.


I feel like that could be very dangerous, for one person to go in alone.


Which one's her favorite?


(bass guitar sounds)


She has sex for money! Mostly, I mean, people pay her a large sum. It's like three guys mostly, she keeps a few people at a time. She doesn't see everybody because she's super famous.


You know, I know you want to-- I know you. I know you want to be here.


It's immune to fire.


20 as well. Natural 20.


I mean, I feel like fire is kind of your thing. You sure you want me to have this?


What's it made of?


And they also get pushed ten feet. Yeah.


Your last words to her were, "I forgive you."


Not going to hit you.


I know what you did. I know what you were trying to do!


We know where you are.


Those are the only hits he's had all campaign.


Now we can have a real conversation about what's going on. We have an ally on the inside, albeit an untrustworthy one. You'll pardon that, but there's every possibility that this is an elaborate trap. I respect your intelligence far too much to try and pretend otherwise. You understand certainly what I mean? Having this on the table, we now know that there's every possibility that the red dragon knows everything. There's every possibility that we're walking into a trap. Or there's every possibility that we have an insatiably powerful ally. It is a terrible risk.


So I'll come with you.


Okay. Well, the Jonas Brothers it is, friends.


25 minutes until your spell is dissipated, but once it is, we can do Locate Person.


Where is she on the map?


The storm.


Oh, it was my main hand?


I run up to where that happened and pick up the two buttons. (laughter)


Jarett? I think so. I didn't write that part down.


Yes. Are you sure you don't have a cloak I could just enchant and then we could call it square?


Sorry, Nott. You're a great gal. It's the occasional tongue-eating, is mostly what I was referring to.


Do any of them seem to have noticed this tunnel?


Make the door first.


He's gonna shit on me, isn't he?


What do you have to do to attunement?


I can help you with those.


No, I think they just die.


How wide are the openings in the gate? Does it look like the mastiff could get through the openings in the wrought-iron fence?


Can you give them some water from our jug?


Yes we need to-- yes.


I put my hand on Caduceus' shoulder. How you doing?


I've seen this. You have proven yourselves already. Those orcs didn't stand a bloody chance.


How many gems are left inside?


We can't really stroll up to it and be like--


I grab the jaw and I say  "Hey, Jester."


Stop rolling that one!


I don't know. He's very mysterious.


Just destroy the portal, destroy the teleportation circle.


Is it a touch spell? Yeah, you are not wrong!


I want to take and cast a Stone Shape spell, and then I want to open and almost make him a chain harness that's embedded into his waist? And then while I'm at it, can I patch him up?


Thank you Eric! Loot Crate!


That's a lot of powerful--


You can find it on iTunes, you can find it on Google.


That's better. 32 minus five is--


Can you photoshop out my crotch region?


Maybe just before we go in. Anything we want to do before we go out on this errand?


But magic attacks are fine.


I have that!


Way to humble-brag, Pike.


Let's go rob them blind.


Which one  dead or unconscious?


This is, what, an attack?


Over there, yeah.


He lives for this shit!


That's Beau.


Broke my back, scuttled around like I was a young buck, which I'm not. It was great!


This is not a bad plan.


Worst comes to worst, I'll make sure you can cut and run. I think I'm stuck here for a while, but I'll make sure you can bugger out if you need to.


Merktin.


Maybe best case scenario, yes.


Okay. I want to try and bring my heel down on top of it as it tries to scooch away. Fucking-- did you see that?


Do you want to make it with advantage or separate?


I've used Animal Shapes to everybody?


After a while, I put a toe into the water, feel it, and I'm like: Nah. I'll use my empty flask and fill it up with water.


I'm very grateful that you're here, and even though our last name has a reputation, I'm proud to be a Trickfoot.


I just want to get in my bed so bad.


She can come to Whitestone anytime.


I'm going to call my cat back to me and I drop the telepathy and I just start tugging you back to the Nestled Nook. Come on, we have to talk about this. We have to decide what we're going to do.


I know! This is how good I am at magic! Check me out. Are we leaving here or not?


Yeah, Sanctuary on Beau, so anybody that makes an attack against her has to either-- whatever, you know the spell. Then I'm going to-- sorry, that's a bonus action.


What's behind there?


I agree. And I walk up.


Where did you guys go? Hello?


Do you want me to check?


We have the book.


I said Percy, you, me, and Vax go on one, and then these three go on another.


Not as high as the other one. There were some low ones. Actually, that second to last one was a one. That's an eight, so 68.


That's a natural one, this is going to fucking suck. (laughter)


We got it back, it's okay.


He rolls all of them and then divides.


Yeah, just with the pistol right now.


Could be.


You... Gilmore. (laughter)


It was so sad.


This is 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 31 for the first.


Because I imagine they'd have a good hiding place?


(as Jester) "I have a question."


I really thought you'd be better at this.


Grog, using your noggin.


Man date. Go for it!


Now for this, you promise that your terrible bandit days are over because you're really not very good at this. I mean, we were barely paying attention, this is pathetic.


Okay, I got-- ah, it's happening.


Don't let anything harm him.


Yes! Dukes of Hazzard!


I love misusing vernacular.


And I'm going to go as a mouse.


Horace.


Dwarves! There were dark dwarves. Duergar.


You don't smell bad, what did you do?


An appropriate cloud height.


See, this is why you take the time at the beginning to organize.


Is that your action, though?


Oh, I went with the blade.


Yeah, no point in worrying, it only makes it hurt twice.


Yeah. Plus four. 19. 26. 38.


I skitter off ahead of the group.


Whoever's sober, keep us out of trouble.


I haven't really thought this through. Where did you come from? What are you doing in the bloody bushes by our campsite?


I'll use luck.


God damn it. And it takes an entire action to put myself out? Can I run? He's going to get an attack of opportunity on me.


This just happened. He seems extremely dangerous, however, the forces we faced in the other illithid seem maybe worse. So that's where we're at.


I also know.


Bones!


Any useful shit?


We need to speak with him.


Demedan got his order of bloodroot. It was really good.


A little orange blossom. It's nice.


Well, we will try our best to reach the optimum result.


I will lead us.


That's a very good point.


No. I actually don't know much about spells and things.


I can do one.


I give them a fire thumbs-up.


Is there anything that you know?


I picked up one of these pamphlets while we were in the palace and apparently there's a nice natural history museum.


Can I make him smarter? Or more stealthy? I'm going to give him enhanced dex.


Yeah. I still have 3rd-level spells. Yep. I also have my 6th-level spells. I have Sunbeam learned, which is dope.


Not this guy.


Is there anyone sitting next to Raishan?


Yes! That's 24.


Ugh! I stand up for my movement.


We could go on vacation again!


The hand went down, the spell went away.


Phew. Gingers, man. Gingers.


Can I just see--


It gives us a good answer.


Whoa, he's huge! Grog is almost as big as him. Almost.


They're basically will-o'-wisps. You usually find them in swamps or things like that.


The Traveler's bullshit!


Magic is hard, guys.


Right and left? I go to the right.


Stop rolling like shit, all right?


Yeah, I'm going to continue where I started on, shitfucker out in front of me.


You're not going to even help? Cool.


It seemed like it was underground, almost spanning this entire city. We could possibly try and find a back entrance. I don't know.


Well, I don't know what an elephant's stats are!


Does the 1d6 also double? Is it all dice or just the standard damage?


It's been that long.


And meat.


Have I freed them from their shackles?


Well, I'm wearing it. I'll run over to the door.


(nervous noises) 17 on the first one.


Are we selling those in the store?


(singing) Two steps back.


I'll take out my Mending Wheel when I land, and grab the carpet.


I'm at 47.


I'm going to switch my Heat Metal spell over to the other spigot.


Okay, then I'm going to Hunter's Mark Kevdak. And I'm going to hold my turn--


I could fly up in the air and see if I can spot a market.


Okay. Oh. You don't pick a card either. You know what? It's safer this way.


Well, our surroundings are changing, we're just not--


Transmutation spell gets my movement up to 40. Right. (laughs roguishly) Action, movement, plus now Expeditious Retreat is a bonus action.


Is this every night or just-- It is.


Are you in the single digits or double?


I'm going to stealth to the north.


I don't get a montage then, never mind. It's all right, save it for later. We're going to need it for later.


It's like Kansas, right, it's flat?


Are you all right, old man?


Oh wait, what is the damage? It's 8d6. Got it.


Okay. Is there a chance that we're giving this to her?


Ruin everything.


Oh shit. Hilda. Did anybody go down to the bakery?


It takes d10 damage.


Wow, for a fan of the Cowboys to get that, that's amazing!


Matthew!


Is he out, or is he just standing there?


Let's see, then, if it's--


You know--


Really? Then sure.


Let's just do this. Let's go after Osysa's mate. If we don't learn or find anything incredibly valuable, we're at the same place we are now.


If I may, If I may, I'm so sorry, I know everyone's talking here. A city is not just a collection of houses and streets. It is a person of itself. And we can't go dividing it right now. Everyone should stay here. Everyone should be a unit, a cohesive unit. And we: me, Keyleth, and one of your own, Pike, will definitely travel to Kymal to spread the word, if you give us a list of your ancestors, family members, friends, we can get word to all of them very quickly.


Since when?!


Right there? I'm gonna attempt to Assassinate that motherfucker.


♫ Le poisson, le poisson, hee hee hee, fuck you bitch ♫ (Matt laughs)


When they're gone, they're gone.


Yeah, do you mean, Oklahoma? Time to go?


17 plus 11.


Growls loudly into his face.


Maybe it was lying to you.


Heard many tales of The Shrew.


Her house is going to have chicken feet. (laughter)


It's Dr. Fredrickstein, please.


I'm Vex, he's Vax. We look alike, it's understandable.


It was pretty large, right?


Sounds like a lovely town, Yug'Voril.


So if we go to Draconia tonight, if we want to sleep in the mansion, we can't, because I changed his memory.


You seem honest.


That man Trent Ikithon or whatever is in Rexxentrum.


Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus round to hide. Stealth.


It's a new day, baby.


Great. I'm going to use my Duplicate to run forward...


It's true, I did buy a book to learn alchemy, and I just haven't had time to do it.


Fuck asking Tiffany any questions. We break into Breakfast at Tiffany's and get the information that we need.


Okay. Whoa.


Rocks!


Happy 100th.


I don't know. The remnants of the library, perhaps. The ground's too hard to bury.


We've already got one.


I'm a big Final Fantasy fan. I like all kinds of games. I definitely would say if I had to pick one RPG, cause I'm an RPG guy, I love Chrono Cross, that'd be my favorite game. I've played that more than I have Chrono Trigger, which is way too many times.


You can hold initiative.


It's so pretty. Look at it, you guys.


Oh. Not my normal flower girl routine; maybe it's like the old Shawshank Prison walk. (laughter)


The fish guy.


Wait, we're just going to walk into the city?


Yeah, to be honest, that evening started to take a turn before the Richter showed up. Do you know Caleb to be sticky-fingered like yourself?


Just go eat.


Yeah! I love Hells, man.


Attack-attack as a paladin. And then my bonus action. That was the first of attack-attack, so now I'll just do a regular attack, which is a 20--


Well that's one in an entire swamp of vegetation. So we should be good now.


I have a thing for Craven Edge, as well.


One shot each.


These are good catch phrases, for sure.


Plan A, Plan B. You know those letters, you know that far.


I cast it on Lockheed. On his tail.


To the right.


Hey look, this is a book that she made, and it's so good! And she signed it for me and I'm reading it to my kids and they love it!


I take no damage. Evasion, yeah.


It's a magic fun bag.


It's just the first month. It's just $3 off the very first month.


I grab onto Vax and don't let go.


Did you go, Beau?


Wait, Pike's going to do this?


Diddly fingers.


It's been a lot of responsibility here lately, and a lot of being an adult and so I was like: Vox! We're reckless!


Just a few more decades and you'll have mastered this game.


Come on, Trinket!


And we're all naked.


That's a miss. Ten points.


Perfect. Yeah, perfect.


I morph into Minxy form.


Okay, I'm going to try to do that.


How well can I see right now?


Oh. Okay. I'm controlling Pike right now.


There you go, bud.


I'm feeling Foresighty. Can I creep up behind and do the same?


Whoa, is that true?


We don't want to lose a wagon to Whitestone.


We've got a little shadow creature coming back around in a moment.


That's what's inside the black spinning marble underneath Whitestone.


Jesus. Who can I inspire? I guess I'll inspire good old Shale again. You don't need inspiration, you're fine! This is an old lady! I'll turn to Shale and say, I don't normally do this, but I find you so attractive! For an old lady!


Oh! Oh, well. I--


Hey, thanks.


I'll hold it for a minute.


Oh, you are too kind. And a beauty, to boot. By the way, do you happen to have-- We've just come back from a very intense battle-- do you happen to have a needle and thread?


Everybody.


Is it a super long blade? Or is it like a rapier-type thing?


So I will take Pike.


I'm just really concentrating.


I can't do that. I'm done. I'm going to--


Okay, so, seeing everything go on, and the combat erupt, you see her twitch a little bit, and she snarls a little. I'm going to rush up 30 feet, move up as much as I can. Get back here, now! I'm going to Quickened Spell, False Life on myself-- actually, no, I'll just do it as a normal action, I won't Quickened Spell it. I'll do False Life on myself and gain some vigor, as a 1st-level spell.


-- inches above the water and change the name of the ship to the Balleater.


I can't! I don't have extra masks.


Will you hold me through the show? (laughter)


Oh, so they are there?


Thank you for your information.


Arrow?


Do you want to stay, too, Pikey?


(kid's voice) Gee wiz, I wish I had some water.


Why wouldn't she?


Plus, we all have our blessings-- not all of us. We have some blessings from gods that will activate, hopefully, right before.


That was a big oversight.


When I'm in melee with something? Well, I would know that.


Read the cards, people! Read the cards!


Okay. 20?


I mean, Beau is pretty fucking amazing in combat.


Reverse psychology. I'm really bad at it.


I'm sorry. I just have to let you down.


No, this is magic.


I've always been curious. Just to see with my own eyes, but they've done so many bad things that I would want to fight them.


Are you honestly asking my opinion? You said what?


It was an accident. There was nothing suspicious about it.


What?! What's wrong with your stupid foot?


Okay, I'm gonna go check out the shiny thing.


20 feet?


That's the thing. I don't know if they do.


I rolled another natural 20.


Can I do a Gloves of Missile Snaring?


He's not raging.


No, no, it's brilliant. Let it play. Let it play.


No one wants you to leave, but you're leaving.


I received a letter from Allura, and I felt that you guys-- are you guys making a decision or something here in Whitestone?


Hey, Caleb, are you exhausted from that experience? We do have other items to--


I am going to go over there and buy these two kids? For what?


Quick question. Like in space, can we talk underwater if there's no air going through our vocal cords? Cool.


To-- Oh, right, because it's got to be against a wall.


Oh, you already did it. Yeah, I guess I'm going to dash and see if I can get to him.


These fuckers, I'm so angry at them.


(inaudible)


No, I want to go back and get that money that she's got. No?


Oh, of course. Grog, if you would.


No, I thought it was going to stay there!


Great, let's hear it.


I'm possessed, man.


Or I could part the sea. I'm going to take my staff, and I want to feel how deep it is.


"Ooh, but I dispelled it. That's why I moved closer."


Did that devil who just left leave the door wide open, or did it shut it?


Jordana. And I say, can you get word out to people?


Best.


It’s the eye of the tiger.


Oh, that's cool. That's cool.


That's where they hang out.


What's going on.


Hey guys, we're about two blocks away from the outer wall. We're super close.


Right now, it will take me 11 minutes to do that.


It's a ring and it's got raven feathers on it and a little black gem. And on the inside it says, "Do not go far from me."


Desperation.


No guns. I pull my sword.


All right. I'm taking the infinite rope, and I'm tying it around my little gem that I have.


(gasps) Where's it moving?


I do, I do get really mad.


Back towards the kraken?


Lasts for like ten minutes, I think.


Ah! It's another giant!


(sighs) I relent.


Well, imagine it's a lot bigger than that.


I remember that as I walk up, and I go back to Greyskull Keep.


So why are we trapped here? Because we lied?


Yes, you have now.


No, the guy behind him.


Like this.


Make us clean, like pretty slaves.


That would be really bad, by the way.


Shit. How far away am I from both of them?


No, I fly around and (ping) hit one of my stones, and I'll spend... five sorcerer points to cast Telekinesis and (blast sound) fling it off me.


But I like really cool things, so, I mean, I will take it if, you know. I was also tiefling, he's a tiefling, we were both really cool.


Oh, fucking callback. Amazing.


(sings) Wrapped up like a douche, another roller in the night.


You're still here.


Can we arcane them? Arcane check?


Oh, that's right. I didn't throw a bow.


I'm gonna throw up my hood, and I'm gonna pull out my other cloak, the red one, and I'm putting it over Pike, putting the hood over Pike's head.


You can sail all night while we sleep on the ship.


How many people are in their camp, what did you call it?


He made you executioners?


--but one that I think is worthwhile.


Yes, I read it out loud.


And I'm within 30 feet of Nott.


Plus those fucks in Kraghammer owe us a fortune.


Great great great. Dexterity you say? 18.


No, yeah, I totally take it.


You sound very intimidating.


Who knows!


You ever cast this before?


And they never made it out of the tunnel. [break]


I have a technical dispute, really quickly. Could the wraith have gotten that far, since I knocked him prone?


Let's reinforce the spiderwebs.


Aura of Protection. Provided by Tiamat!


Can I tell if-- where are they in the dispensement of the coin? Can I tell they have a little coin on them? Did I catch any of that?


What if that's his face?


Grog, if you do this I will give you something really cool. Really cool.


Oh, that's interesting to know.


Plus blessed!


If I move--


That's cool, I haven't done this.


Have you seen the tree yourself?


You're not dumb. You're a strong, smart person.


May I borrow one of your goodberries?


Yeah, and considering that she's singing tonight, it seems really empty in here! What's that about?


Yeah! So that's 2d12!


Excellent assessment, Tiberius.


Right. That's right. He's not dead.


That's right, I've got.


Telekinesis? No.


I don't think that that would be a good time to do this.


No, actually. The chainmail isn't right for me.


You know we have ear pieces, we can just talk to each other, you are aware?


That was fantastic.


He's a good one.


I'll Divine Sense, which is up to 60 feet. Are they fiends, celestial, or undead?


Plus four? I'm going to use, nah. Okay. Then the third attack is a 32.


The boat goes (bobbing in water).


I mean, this is you guys, too. You guys have to stay.


I didn't intend to, but Grog has forgotten that I have a whole training ground downstairs that he could've used. Grog, if you need to hit something, someone, I can give you a few of the servants.


I hand mine over from the one I gave Vex.


What does Frumpkin need to do, armor class, right?


10d6?! It's like Christmas! One, two, three, four, five, okay. Oh, that's fine! Okay, so that's-- wait, what was that? What was that, Taliesin? I pushed it. Was it a two? It was a four? Okay. Six, plus five is 11, plus four is 15, plus another four is 19, plus another two is 21.


I thought he was humanoid-sized!


(gasps) Greyskull!


Shit. I wanted to put like shaving cream in his hand and tickle his nose with a feather.


How do I not become a gorilla anymore?


Divination and evocation.


I might be able to inspiration this because that was a really bad roll. Both of them are the same. Both of them are two. And this is not one of those things where I can fix. It's either good or it's bad.


Do I have my wits about me?


I'm looking for anywhere where there might be a secret stash or something that looks off-kilter or a little odd in here, somewhere where he might be hiding something.


That's a 33.


Yeah. Two.


Yes, I know where you're going with this, and we'd all have to make a certain--


You got any projectile shit?


I kind of like that plan.


Well, so that we can break into the house, yes.


I'd like to let everybody know, the mods all have access to the GameChanger command in the chatroom, so if you guys are watching and are not in the chat, just join the chat really quick and you guys will be able to get that link for the donation link to get Deus Ex and anything over a dollar and you get a copy of the game. We're going to go ahead and let that run all the way throughout the rebroadcast and throughout the weekend, so mods, just keep spamming that throughout the chat.


Action Surge.


This is real.


You should probably get out, right?


They could just attack us until we die.


I didn't even see the miniature beyond the door. I didn't know she was there.


Friendship magic.


We're almost there!


Wasn't a good roll, but I have a lot of plus.


I do that all the time. Anybody have any idea where that is?


What is this, a restaurant?


You're a clever girl. I'm sure you can make a ruse to make you look convincingly dead.


Yes! Five.


Really? You promise?


Yes. Are any of the Vestiges in Wildemount?


So is it "the Allhammer lies beyond"? "Is dark"?


I literally have books on the subject.


Cool, cool, cool.


I know. The night is young! It's young!


It might behoove us to spend a day or two finding another shelter, and also seeing what our actions have resulted in, and seeing if we can't sway some opinion in our favor, because we're strong, but we're also pretty weak these days, and I wouldn't want to go against the big guns yet until we have the people behind us. Or at least possibly turn one of those giants to our side or something. We need some help.


Yeah, yeah, of course.


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian High Council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the Magic Guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the High Council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


I pull my head out and I go, M-A-L. The letters M-A-L.


Oh my gosh! Well, the Gentleman wants to poison people. Oh, no, the Baumbauchs, yeah, I understand. Wow, do we need to tell someone about this?


Well, we just-- It's like curfew. We have to be home in about 50 minutes.


I wrap my fingers around it.


Oh, it's got goo in it, yeah.


It's not a bird!


Is there any urgent, oppressing news, any visitors that we should know about who came while we were gone, anything before you retire for the evening?


We totally forgot about that.


You're a fucking dick.


Are you a big drinker, Rissa?


Hold on, is that right? It's proficiency bonus.


We could lightning the water.


She can't see us. Why are we holding our hands up?


I follow in behind her.


Get outta there.


It was created then?


Do you want me to disguise you?


He is ten points.


I was going to look to see if there was one matching the one on the floor.


Wherever you end up.


Maybe... how many times can you use that little tree thing, Keyleth?


So that she can defend us. So that she can tell everyone that the fiend was bad.


Yeah. Just going to let the guards know to watch our guest while we're away. Keep him under protection.


Yeah, we can go.


Well, we'll hope we can do both. Can we do both?


To his piece of shit family?


You're doing what?


That'll be fine.


Just act like you know.


Also, anything I don't want, I put into a big bin and, at Christmas, I am Santa Claus to all the kids on the block. It's intense. They all want to know what's up with me.


I do. Amazing. That is 26 to hit.


No, when I was born, she means. When I was born.


Be aggressive.


I blacked out the windows.


Did the poison take effect?


I get another flaming bowstring, I've got one more flaming bowstring.


Merchandise!


I get to stay.


I didn't take any hit points. I'm at full health.


Do quick shopping and then head home and look at all the things.


This is literally exactly--


That he's going to meet up with Raishan? And fuck us?


Over the war camp.


Six days per arrow?


Just heal yourself.


I don't have it on me right now.


In my mouth?


Before we move on from that foyer, can we see the front door from where we're at?


They get better with each time. 19!


They're super cool!


Everybody in the boat.


Okay, I'm done.


No, no, no, they were not initially related, but we became a makeshift family after a while.


Everyone's catching their disease here.


And I pull the carpet out.


Are you doing a variation of Mother's Love right now?


I like the little green gelatinous cubes. I think they're fun, and then if you make 'em right, you can just make 'em out of jello, and eat them when you're done, that's awesome.


Oh yes. Of our bloodline, apparently.


How old is the child that got pulled out of the room?


Do you wear makeup?


I have the mouse.


I am covered in mud.


That's so exciting.


Are we borrowing some water breathing equipment before we go?


Waterlogged, for sure.


How do we fix him?


I grab the pendant, and then I start-- this looks good for Pike, so I start taking the chainmail off.


The rain will dampen the screams from inside. So we go around once? Once around?


Yuck.


But Fjord does accents.


We're awwing.


It's so wonderful to see your face.


They're moving, right?


Well, there are other ways to do it. In traditional warfare, you can do things like cause damage to the property of one dragon and leave scant evidence that the other dragon, or one of the dragon's people, was somehow responsible. Have a raiding, somehow get wyverns to raid near--


I take them to the front and center.


Oh, this shirt?!


I fucking did. (laughter)


Is it a thing that I can like start to do, hourly for a long, long time?


I've got gems in here.


What in the living--


How do you know what basic damage is?


No, no, so I will take a minute and cast Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion.


Yeah, why not? Fuck it!


Your friend took off running.


What, for his effect on the group?


And I would like to try and bash the shit out of this--


From what we can see in the streets, is anyone carrying any weapons, or guards, or spears?


I had to go buy some because I left all of my stuff in New York. Let's see how this goes.


Help me. Help!


We were barely there, though.


Okay, then I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt at... 3rd-level, fuck it.


Let's go down to the ziggurat.


You're starting a war with all of the guards in Vasselheim?


She's quite wonderful.


Keyleth! Use the thing to see magical runes!


No, he said no.


That's not a 20, that's a ten.


I don't. Although I do have cover. I don't have full cover. I have some cover.


This is the coal pit!


The snake tattoo on my hand, the eye on the back of my hand bursts, and blood comes pouring out of it. I take two points of damage.


When it's within 60 feet, I can Acid Splash it as well.


You rolled a six? He rolled a six.


(whispers) I should get out of there. But it's so fun.


Maybe we'll wait for her outside the gates? With our cart.


Okay. She's going to just use that as some cover.


Because we don't know what part of this is the titan's butt and earth, but some of it could have been made by cannibal dwarves at some point, I'm going to assume I'm looking for traps and listening for undead cannibal dwarves.


Yeah. Well, or your mom's place. Whatever you want to do first.


Y'all motherfuckers need Sarenrae.


We'll get there.


Holy Bajoly!


No, but isn't it on me now?


I take down as many details in my head as I can.


I'm going to try to learn from him how he's gauging his surroundings and stuff.


No survivors!


I don't want him to get revenge on my mother.


We've been beaten by doors before, but goddamn it, we're not going to be beaten today. I go to the center of the room and I find that little button thing and I'm going to press it.


(singing) Guiding Bolt up the butt!


Sorry?


Well, you did do this. I won't tell anyone, come on.


I'm going to take some shots from inside the mansion at the pit fiend, and then I'm going to duck away from the door again.


I do that to Grog. How's that feel? How's that feel, big guy?


How far have we gone?


I turn to one of the guards. Is there any light in there, or are we going to need to bring our own?


I nudge him under the table.


I think they might.


Okay. Yeah, I want to get a little closer.


She does that. Just agree.


So Lasagna, should we try and find our way over to the--


Which is why we save everyone we can.


Okay. Do you need to yak before you go?


Jesus, what the fuck are we doing here?


Just be confident.


Figured. Done. Mage Hand. Allison's pocket. We're clean.


Cool. I'm good. Wait, no, do I have an action left? Can I use Divine Sense right now?


No one die in the last one of 2018. Don't die!


Diplomatic immunity.


Oh wait, did you say anyone who's flying doesn't have to--


I'll leave Orly in command while we head under. To complete this spell, I'm going to need everyone to hold hands in a circle.


I just want to look at them.


Impressionable. Formative years.


Only counts to two. I'm so sorry. (laughter)


Can I put some of my costume on him?


What is the name of the romantic lead in the romance novel?


Do you think it's the Captain Avantika?


I really hope Vasselheim stands.


I'm gonna try and Thorn Whip him!


Scanlan, look for paperwork of something else, and by the way, all of you should be hearing me right now, you all have the ear--


Let's go elsewhere.


I'm going to take out a vial of holy oil, and I'm going to dip my needle arrows that Tary gave me into the holy oil. I'm going to pour the remainder on Trinket's claws.


Oh, been on the sea a little long. Is your crew ready to go? Or would it be better to set sail in the morning?


You're a brave dragonborn.


I'll give him the sword. He's got the onyx sword.


Use one of your good dice.


As cynical as Percy is being right now, he's right.


Vex is right on the outside of the door?


Mm-hmm. Well, I think it's less about getting off this island without Tiffany and more about getting to that shipwreck first, before her.


She's 14 feet tall.


You know, I was just saying what a good idea I thought it was, but I thought you were talking about the entire deck, Grog. I think the entire deck is a fairer thing than to have him pull a card, because that seems unpredictable to me.


Who's all stunned?


It's like the Restricted Section of Hogwarts.


There's time for that later.


Maybe we send Frumpkin with this stuff in tow, to his little perch with a note. An anonymous note.


I walk back up to the old woman. Not hungry or thirsty, I take it?


No, it does not. 24.


Fjord Madeline Kahns back to life. (laughter)


Did you detect any traps?


Shut up. 21?


She's an imaginary woman on graph paper. Roll for it.


I bet you'll go right to sleep, ja?


I do, I use Hellish Rebuke.


Teleportation device.


I'd like to follow.


Safe.


We have white scales.


(groans and coughs) Syphilis.


I know what it means.


Will that last for 24 hours?


I don't hear shit right now. I will send Frumpkin through the next gap.


Or a wizard who can read anything.


Right, you said that.


It's worth my salt.


No, it's localized.


Let's just set sail.


Thank god I'm here.


Wode?


Like to run again?


I'll inspect them.


Of course the Wharfmaster is at the Wharf Load. We probably should have checked there first. Why didn't we do that?


Wait, I have a question-- Is the game going to continue next week, or are you guys taking a week--


So you don't want people to pay attention to you.


No, there's not.


Of course we have the cart and the two horses, yeah. We have the cart, at least.


Yes, please clean it. Please.


I am casting Mage Armor during whatever the fuck this is.


Oh, and I've picked up my glaive, right? Two days. It was time to.


Probably no.


You don't want to goldfish it.


I float down gracefully on the broom and give it a little bit of a closer look.


Dice shame.


Were there stairs-- When we went down that set of stairs there, was there also stairs going up right there, or stairs going up?


You're made of wind!


Bigby's Hand?


Wait, what was I at? 30.


Wait, are they already filled with ash? Right now?


Fucking balls! Get rid of that fucking dice.


Vax is doing real well. The temporary hit points don't come back, right? Yeah, Vax is doing real well. I'll take a skosh, a peppering.


Watch it and see what's going on with it?


Yeah. The first guy.


I'm conscious. I'm going to use people being around Orthax and stab him a couple of times.


That's not true. You do care.


It'll be fun!


Oh, well then, I can just--


I'm going to use my speed to just peek in the doorway. Just to get a visual on the hallway. I don't actually need to see them.


I've so many text files to send you, my word. So usually at this time, the winter solstice, especially when we have a new Master or Mistress of the Grey Hunt, there's usually a celebration or a ball, and they're not every single winter's festival, but it does happen, but since this was the first, we decided to have a fancy party. She was bestowed with her crest and otherwise and we all dressed up.


Head to the docks.


Febron Keyes, yeah.


But it might not be a bad-- I mean, we did drop off the horn of Orcus here.


They're mind controlled--


It's not guarded?


All right, I'll start on it, then you can help when you finish.


I rest my chin on her shoulder.


A Lariat of Truth?


We go to sleep?


Oh! First pet down.


Fucking Taliesin Jaffe. What are you talking about?


We just gotta get out of here. (all laugh)


She was making it seem like she was 15, and they started realizing that she possessed powers far beyond anything that they had seen before, and then these powers began to exceed anything beyond our druidic capabilities. And it would seem that they realized that too late.


A very friendly yellow fish. I was thinking maybe some sort of half-octopus merperson.


And Lady Briarwood is manacled.


I feel that that's not something we do spur of the moment.


If Shadycreek Run is full of a bunch of criminals, and you said you lived there for a while, what were you doing there?


He's just got to roll for a hundred skeletons.


(yells) That's Howard Dean.


When it got me.


It's very good. From tasting it, do I know what it is?


You're inspired, if you want to use inspiration.


We were hoping to charter a ship at great expedience to about five miles off the coast to the plume of smoke and the underwater volcano.


Thanks, blind woman.


I'll get on my horse and head for the tree line with everyone else.


He can breathe, just breathe in. Just like land, only not.


Is the owl on me? I have the owl?


We'd also have to see if Ashley would be down with us, you know--


In a hurry.


I can make animals.


Yeah, that's a one. (laughing)


I can make the water clear so that you can see if there's anything that could grab you.


What are we gonna do?


Okay, yeah, just throwing it down behind us.


Let's get this fucker out of here.


I am not seducing this person.


Oh look, now I can remember this moment forever. Thank you. Trinket, let's go get you a bath.


Let's keep helping!


I speak back to him. And say, "K'Varn. For him, or against him?"


Try again.


Hey, that Ioun stone that I have? Does that allow me to cast a fourth level three spell?


It does. Thank you Tony!


How do you spell that, B-A-K?


Just to help and guide it.


Okay. (nervous laugh) What was it, athletics? A five.


We all have to be in one area.


The Critters will figure it out.


Ooh, can I fly up in the air and look through it? Down at the ground. See what I see.


Nott, why so serious?


I don't know anything. I should go get my father.


And I'll do an arcana check, right? An arcana check on the stuff?


Primarily doing stuff Saturday that we know. We're waiting to see what's going on Sunday weekend.


If it is a total bust, then that sucks.


Quietly please and I will not be walking right next to you, but a little ways away. You can trust me; I will not leave your side.


Actually, no, you know what, I've had conversations with Troy about it--


It's like riding a bike.


Is Ryndarien here?


I attempt to read lips.


Are you very scared?


I'm the devil. I am the devil, and I have come to do the devil's work.


Dex saving throw.


You know, it's fine, exactly.


You said investigation?


Boom, Harley Quinn beats Bane.


Take a few, yes.


So another four points from me.


(Goofy laugh)


Is its name Roy?


No, to give up her sword.


And you're blessed.


Where did you come from then?


Jarett Howorth?


I'm taking a picture of this right now.


You can copy off of me.


I've been in a dragon.


That's going to be enough. Come on, crit. No. Okay.


My hand, and it made a farting noise, sorry.


Anybody want to come with me to find some kindling?


Didn't you get a bunch of salt when you jumped into the--


Unless they're magic.


Tiberius, can you dispel that shit?


Can he tell who did it?


Oh, he's not. It's just Yasha and I.


It's Taryon!


I'm going to roll four hit dice.


No, I cast Spiritual Weapon at level three.


You look really busy, and I don't want to offend--


Sometimes I have things to do, I barely know you guys, so sorry if I leave!


I give Beauregard a hug, and say  I don't know what I'm doing. Just go with it.


Because Caleb is on the ground going--


Maybe we should just go fucking check them out.


I shove the book deep into my belt near my dick so she doesn't want to go near it!


Where's the carpet?


If he has it, still.


I can thankfully hold my breath a long time.


We're in Whitestone.


My question has been answered by their arrival, so never mind.


Is it possible to move the frozen man, or is he just really stuck in there?


Yes, three days would always be better than one.


Fire again.


If I do a pelvic thrust, will you do your--


I will inform the others.


Oh I can help! (blasting sounds) I throw a Fire Bolt.


Well, if we don't, how do we get away without anyone knowing that we killed his guards and we let the guy go?


She might be able to sense good and evil, no?


We need to get onto the boat and get out of here.


Really make it like little bits of salt and pepper beneath my feet.


(belches)


But without you, they're not going to be as sneaky. We have to stay together if we're going to want to be super stealthy.


Prestidigitation.


And however much basic supplies to put this together, and I'll figure out how handy I am on the road.


We'll figure it out!


How do we cover you?


Yeah. That's awesome. And we here at--


Shit. Balls. Ass.


Could somebody draw a picture of Scanlan and Lyra talking about the birds and the bees? That's a request I have. Please.


Double what?


Whatever's closest.


So are you Lord Vax?


(French accent) I cannot just communicate with them. Would you join me inside my shop? There you will see many other fine specimens.


You're really going through with this?


Can you Daylight or something, like up and out?


Oh, what is that? 14.


I just want the guard.


Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah. Yep.


All the human cargo is dead.


It's a fight.


So we really need to dig a trench.


We still have to figure out what we are going to-- if we are starting at Sutan’s house, then… We don’t have any writing of the High-Richter’s; we are either trying to focus on finding that somehow or, going on what you were discussing which is creating the appearance of an underling, or a for-hire of the High-Richter’s, or some kind of code saying that they are communicating with Sutan elder on behalf of the High-Richter, yeah?


Where are we staying?


You're wonderful.


Since I've got two more shots, I'm going to start shooting at that one dragon-- that wyvern, as I'm--


Well, we can try it though.


(sing-song) Whoopie-doopie-doopie-doopie-doop, click!


We don't have that much money.


Oh, you're right, okay. You're right. Did three. Sorry. Carry on.


Quickly, do I see anything of note in this room?


Guys, guys, guys.


All right, Percy. Try to scry. I give him the Scrying Eye.


The smaller of the two.


We're just feeling hangry as shit.


Will it work on a magical animal, or does it have to be a real animal?


Want to go back to, what, your room?


Yeah, but we all were there to pitch in.


A nymph could have attacked us, but Grog looked her in the eye, and she liked what she saw. Then he disappeared for a little while, and he came back and he was in a really good mood.


I did not. I died. Twice.


I hang out at the back of the group for a split second, and hold out that wire that I used to cast that cantrip and look at the room and I look at the wire. Then I follow everybody.


We're fanboys.


How long is this break, Matt? What is this, ten minutes? 12 minutes? How--


The shark's gonna bite the tentacle that's holding onto-- who's that right in front of him, Percy?


Oh no, we're so evil! But the average--


How did you learn to do that?


Yeah, so that's--


Can I look, too?


Well, what about this cave?


He's just saying.


Thank you. Nice hand.


A vase, some old flowers--


Silver thread.


Do you mind if we take a brief respite amongst ourselves, before we catch up with you and join in the festivities?


Look at that cool-ass busted-up ship.


Yeah, with my bonus action, I did that first. So 22 total, so add three. With my movement, I will move back under the deck where Caduceus and Caleb and Jester are.


One would be-- two would be even more helpful.


We'll copy it and you can see what the fuck is correct.


Hey, will you take Kiri with you?


We'll have a funeral later.


I slowly jiggle Nott awake. (whispers) Get up.


You take your action to cry?


You're up front, right?


That is a 5?


To refresh everyone else's memory, because my memory is sound, we're looking for a way to get down into the underbelly of the city, right?


Sit in the back.


All plant life is spared.


I mean, look. People in power tend to get corrupt, they don't start corrupt. In my opinion, it doesn't matter who's sitting there, as long as we get paid from it, who cares?


Is it possible to cover us in ash and try to make us less visible to the elementals?


Yes. They did. Me. It was rather inconvenient. I hate them. Sorry.


That was through Adella, okay. Okay, okay, okay, sorry.


I really feel like this is like something and it might attack us, and it might kill us. I don't know, maybe--


Oh shit, he's strong.


Or a shining sword.


What's a fair amount?


I have the Gauntlets of Ogre Strength.


Thank you. I think so.


Saving throws are up there.


I look over at Percy. It makes me far too uncomfortable how excited you are about this.


How good is my survival? Eh, it's okay. A natty one.


Chain golems, all the demons.


I will use my bonus action Misty Step with the sword to (poof) over to the globe.


To controlled smack it with my axe? I'm so powerful.


It's cocked as fuck.


Okay, so you're still fucked. Goddamn it.


I think he's having an aneurysm.


I don't know what's worth it. Do we have any idea of how much higher this tower goes?


All right. I need him for the brigade!


Oh, hi. See you guys, you look green.


I just met you, and I don't know much about you, but are you more of a Vax man or a Vex man? Like, how do you roll? How do you--?


I'm going to pull out Bad News. Actually, let's pull out Animus. This will be funnier if I'm walking around that way, which is always a fun thing to say. There's that one guy holding on, right?


Owners.


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (lightning roars) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants. Literally. Born to the air tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei, where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts, which I do. Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hikes down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


Triumvirate?


You're real strong!


Ki questions.


I rolled a perception of ten.


No, from where I am. I'm not making noise, I'm not flying closer to him. I'm just doing this. Whatever you want to do.


Hold on. Am I conscious in stone form?


The circlet will, if anything, if the need ever arises, it will be something that will help protect the city. The scroll will explain the particulars.


And I'm also-- I've got form this-- so I'm full speed.


(whispers) You crazy motherfucker.


Matt’s Vineyard is the best.


I can be the bait.


So I have to pay you and sing to you?


Four left. Because we have Whisper, right?


It's a temple? (laughter)


Can I look around real quick and see if I see Frumpkin?


Do you have to take a piss?


Yeah, the Moon Hammer!


I'm going to cut my finger a bit and bleed into it.


I give one of them to Percy for being so sharp. I give one to my sister. You don't need it. I keep one. No, I don't. I'm barely alive. I give one to Scanlan.


That's sneak attack. This says, "in addition, any hit you score against a creature that is surprised is a critical hit."


Earthbaker Groon?


I go back into the tavern.


You're getting close. Just try, for once, to think about someone other than yourself.


Maybe you should jump in that water, Scanlan.


Why don't we bring Jarett with us? Is that a thing?


(laughs) Yeah. So I'll run over to the back side of the house and do the same thing.


That makes sense to me.


But probably not present.


But you don't get them back. Right, right, okay.


Soaking.


Oh. Her? This one? Yeah, all right. Let's do that. I'm going to cast Revivify.


I'm in a great deal of pain!


I am--


Can anybody tell if this plate is cursed? Can you tell if something's cursed, bro?


I'm thinking really bad thoughts.


Yes, I'll have a donut, thank you, please.


Could you do us a favor and carry him?


23 for me.


You should check for traps and open it.


I'm not asking for me. The nice lady with the antlers wanted to know.


Why is it so tense in here all of a sudden?


Nice Blind, Scanlan.


I mean, I don't know.


I still have my Bigby's Hand up, so I do one of these where I say, oh, a wise guy, see? (taunting noises) and I just poke him in the eyes.


Yeah, that one says--


I'd imagine because he's vertical now instead of horizontal.


So, guy who was left, that guy is an asshole, and what's with that guy that just got stabbed? I feel very unsafe.


To the tree, you're going to the tree?


So there's no planning for that. So if we don't fall into the shit and we land somewhere relatively safe, what're we going to do? How're we going to play this? This is hell.


Why am I playing the tree?


Close enough.


Keep it just in case. I'm going to cast Turn Undead.


Okay. Can I lean back and slug the door using siege?


But the tunnel, oh--


I've done it once before, and it didn't work very well.


I'll tell Orly  Orly, if you could help us plot a course, as damaged as we are, heading north to this point.


Aw, that's great.


What if we're blowing up an innocent troll's house?


Yeah, but he's real strong. And it's only one of two really powerful weapons he has, so hey, at least we know where one of them is.


They're both grappled.


All right, do your thing.


You got a good dad. He really loves you.


Oh, we should give our comment cards to Balgus.


Are we just getting as much money as we can and leave, or are we trying to kill something, or are we trying to seal this place off? Why are we here?


Okay. The first I'm going to do is stuff. Sorry, I'm just getting my shit together. I'm going to do... I'm going to, for an action even before I get up, I'm just going to cast Cure Wounds at a second level on Caleb, if I can just--


Strength bonus plus five?


For having the thing inside of you!


It's a turtle's back!


Okay, maybe we should stop.


Yeah, so I'd like to pull the blade out.


I succeeded.


Can I get to this guy who's got Nott?


He's going to be able to hold whales maybe.


Private contractors.


They covered for me, right?


See us at Comic-Con.


A beta testing sort of a thing?


The first annual awards show. What should we call them? Not the Oscars. The Critters. No. The Sponsees.


Yeah, up top.


I'm going to sit three or four feet away from him, facing him, and start privately thanking the Raven Queen for ushering him on.


They're like balsa wood.


Natural 20. Thanks, Matt Colville!


I'll check it for traps.


Oh, I'm sorry, 10 34 now.


I want to see if there's anything in the holes that were left by the soldiers who left.


I go up to Vex and I give her her broom.


Well, we're going to stop and pick up some tar on the way there and-- I nominate the human to talk.


Swish and flick.


That's fine. The next time, we are going to turn you into grease puddles, so maybe find yourselves a job in a store, or a dock, or a restaurant, even.


I-- fuckin' A. I swim up, and I swim-- god damn it.


Yeah, all right.


Are the undead all around the temple?


Not an April Fools' joke!


That's how you do it, right? No?


Dexterity. 21 for Trinket.


I think it's nine.


It's phenomenal. It's been a long few weeks. I don't care. I don't care. We're never going to see Gern again. I have so many other things to care about.


Oh. Fuck that. I will stay where I am. No, thank you.


Oh! That's surprising, 20.


Well, we have something.


And Tiberius.


Yeah, we could use more of those.


Getting married or something.


Ja, because of the hearing.


Yes, take him a drink. A very large drink.


I'm sure it'll be fine.


Nope. Keep guessing.


Can I-- I was going to say, can I burn that as a run or can I only burn that as an attack?


I think they're better to be used on your bolts and things like that.


My hands are registered weapons!


Decide what it is. A lollipop, a salmon, a sword?


Sure it is.


Is she in a skirt?


No way.


All right. These are heavy.


Into a labyrinth? Or just his cell?


(laughs) Good save.


Thanks, Twiggy. I'm sorry I found your cuteness alarming.


It's on foam, but it's good.


Well Nila, you can disguise yourself, right?


I'm good either way.


(giggles) Okay. Lauren. That's a good name. I heard when we were coming back that they were putting the city on lockdown, so if you're going to leave, you should probably do it quickly.


And we almost died, but I destroyed the beast that was attacking us with a bit of magic.


Sylas!


Is the plan to camp out tonight? In the mansion, by a fire, whichever?


Yeah. I'm going to go start mounting up the horses.


The first was 21. The second was much worse! 11.


We're gonna want to break the chains.


That's what you get, stupid!


Well, it makes money, for one.


(laughs) I’m taking some shots at him.


You little fucking poltergeist.


That punch was super close.


No, I have the Transmuter's Stone set to dark vision.


First things first what, Grog?


I'm going to be a whale, we've got some rope here, it's going to be your job once I'm a whale to create at least a couple handholds with a harness. You know how to use knots, right, you can do some basic--


Oh, well then, I'm taking my string back.


No, she means your hands.


Don't move unless something chases you.


It grew on him.


So, I have to tell you something.


Grog the Victorious. Get it right.


We don't know where the thing is.


So you commanded him to attack the one below you, right? I'm going to turn that wyvern into a-- chicken!


But if she finds it, she could throw it out. She could sell it. She could say, I found this in my room. I mean, that's unpredictable. I mean, we can't control that.


I think it's a slippery slope.


Take everything.


My heart.


What does that make me? How about your valet? You'll need one if you're wealthy. Would you have a human, though?


No, just seriously, you seem super gloomy. Are we getting in a fight?


I held my action


I can't tell yet.


Fuck! Fuck! I get out the rope of entanglement and hover close to the surface and start hanging the rope down.


Okay. Should I take him out?


Yeah. Just like, here.


It was a pie in the sky thing. I'm sure he's long gone.


Jester, did you often "see it see it"?


As long as I'm thinking about it.


Good. (sighs)


Oh he has some sort of vow of silence. We should respect it and also make fun of it when he's gone.


I don't think this looks very stable.


Actually, that night after our convo, I had another dream.


Get out of the way, giant beast coming through.


Wait, you're all the way over there.


It is a very short show tonight.


I'm the dog. (laughter)


Yeah, I'm going to stay there.


I don't think they'd listen to us anyway, honestly.


I don't know, it might not be the guards. There might be another through-line that we're missing.


They're totally charmed.


As a rebellious teenage woman. In my experience, normally if you’re trying to do something bad, you’re not like "Dear diary, I did this bad thing. Signed, Beauregard." You get what I’m putting down?


We don't, I don't know.


Do I have time to get a shot off?


Five more points of damage.


Illusion and enchantment.


That's actually a good idea.


Okay. Hat on. (whoosh)


Are they rats or are they ROUS's?


There's nothing to loot on the petrified alligator, is there?


Reload, fire. Fuck my life. That's m--(audio glitches)


Can we talk down here?


Not you, you've apparently been globe shopping.


826LA!


I want to make my way further up. While he's talking, I want to make my way along the wall a little.


We're going to need a fast exit. He wants us to take care of what the problem was.


Everything's breaking. Pike broke. Pike straight-up broke.


He's lasted longer than most of the people we fight.


Coast is clear! Let's go! (running)


You see what I'm talking about?


That's so pretty.


Another 500?


You also smell!


Zanderinvictus  "Worthy cause and worthy people to make my Thursday so enjoyable #lessthan3"


Correct. Where's Ank'Harel?


22 on that one. Oh, and the last two had four points of lightning damage on both of them.


No! Resistance! (spitting)


I don't want it, anyway.


I forgot to ask you something before the game, it's fine.


Can I do Cutting Words? Has a whole round gone by since my last reaction?


They're all unconscious?


You're half fish?


Oh there's no other-- No, the Wish card goes.


It was a restoration spell.


I am going to turn around and immediately head towards the other bar. The Evening Nip.


Beau just reaches over and hands her a kleenex.


(strained) I'm like this right now. I can't do anything.


We choose the top three, right? And then the Critters get to -


The Mistake, that's correct, yes, and we are coming over from-- what was the port in between Port Damali and this one?


Do we have good visibility?


That mist is probably following me around at this point, isn't it?


Got a ring to it.


No, but you just heard Nott scream!


Yeah, oh! That, oh, okay. No. So, I'm going to walk, thanks. I'm going to slide up the wall along where Scanlan is. Towards Scanlan. And another thing I realized, I haven't clicked my Boots of Haste, so I wouldn't have been able to do whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, anyway. And I'm still not going to. But I'm pulling out my Flametongue Dagger and now I'm throwing Keen Dagger, Flametongue. First one is 26.


Quiet subterfuge instead of loud subterfuge which is what we've been doing.


And what is this? Saving throw for dexterity?


Any squiggles that look familiar?


Yeah, those are like impervious to water. (all laugh)


Yeah, but I can eat this. Why are you looking at me that way?


If for some reason Tiffany's on the move, or if something seems up, listen for thunder. How about that?


Nothing we can't handle.


I tap on the bars with my staff, and I go: Wait man, Phil, there's something wrong with Phil, I think he really needs our help. Fucking Phil, am I right?


You guys, thank you for your help today.


But it was far less than this.


Here comes the boom?


I'm hiding as well.


Can you cast Haste?


How far away are we from each other?


How much money did we get?


I'm with you guys.


I misfired.


We've found a second ziggurat. We found a cult that is moving things through it. The cult was being led by Delilah Briarwood.


Groovy!


Sweet. All right, cool. So that's 15, no, 11. And then 15. (group laughs)


Son of a-- nine?


I look down the hallway. I back up a few steps. And I really run up and kick him really hard.


Sorry, excitement.


No, it feels rather--


Yeah, we all wonder that.


Can I try to remove it from the ocular cavity?


How bad of a person am I? I'm a horrible person!


Vax, Vex.


I'm glad you workshopped it.


That's a pissed-off goliath five. (laughs) I am Kerri Strug.


Never mind! Carry on!


Just think about how many dicks that is! If it's like a five-inch dick, that's like 2000 dicks.


Do the lycan tend to populate trees, or if we stay up high can we maybe avoid them?


What if you go and try to pick up that hammer first? Do you need it?


No. I can't read! (laughter)


I do. I feel really terrible.


Dumb idea that worked out.


So, let's try and find Pike.


I'm just saying, maybe we can--


Jutting out the side of--


I whisper to Pike.


What's the good side of this, then? What's your best-case scenario?


As she does that, I try to Counterspell it.


Yeah, sure!


Break all the glass, go inside.


I would. Very much.


That's not good, though. Oh, good, natural 16.


Not including the d4.


Well. I started talking to you. I just-- I'm sorry if I've done anything to offend you.


Is half?


If he knew where you were headed.


Oh shit, okay. I'm sorry. I had it, and it's not here.


Is he a protocol droid?


Oh yeah, thank you for reminding me.


I don't want to wait too long. Let's just wait a little while longer and see if we hear anything from Pike. She's very smart. She'll hear us.


Roll damage and then do I do?


Just give me some time.


Tracy.


I'm having a serious Tom Sawyer island vibe.


Aren't you glad you're playing with us?


His Tary.


Your singing voice is nice.


How well guarded against scrying is your keep?


Yeah, I'm not cravin' bacon anymore!


Can we?


All right. They were bad.


Splits?


It's a con. And you should come say hi.


I've eaten some balls?


Yeah, which are the two places in the Zenwick Mountains?


And my ring of flask. My one ring. Thank you to everybody.


Well, I think you just cured Grog, saved his life, and got rid of a soul-eating sword, so you're pretty strong.


Kill Goliath.


And Kima is with us?


Don't say it's been a pleasure!


So we can Plane Shift, mansion wherever we need.


It's a collar.


That's like another 12 inches to you.


Such a min-maxer though


I go and I knock on Grog's door.


I instinctually start freaking Grog. Dry hump dancing.


Anything, I think.


They're ex-lovers!


I do. You can trust us. You're safe here. I'm concerned with what happens with Jester and Beau. I think, amongst all of us, we should be fine.


Be a distraction?


I can't read it anyway.


But then what?! We still have to fight him!


I become un-invisible and I cast Dimension Door.


Nothing aside from undead and constructs can get into it. You can still cast spells, and fire bows, and you can still do stuff. We can go out, they just can't get in.


Right, two actions and a bonus action, mix them around, Matt!


The one that is attacking Nott.


It's still, technically speaking though, we would still have advantage.


Chaotic neutral, bitches.


You're right, he's not very grumpy. He should be. If I barfed up salt water every morning I would be grumpy.


And then you just throw it at him?


Dinner, you could wear it to dinner.


My shag armor.


Nasty woman.


Before I round the corner, I want to just take and do a quick Shapechange again into the tiefling that I was.


I will roll. (shouting) No! No!


And then compare!


Where is Yenk?


(nervously) 4.


About a thousand.


I'm listening in.


So we're fighting an archfey inside a tree.


He said, at dawn, we-- Wait, at dawn we fight, or at dawn we plan?


Kick a gnome?


Are we going to leave the two dead animal bodies right here, next to where we're camping? Because that could stink.


Wait, no. Are we talking about the flute?


And, you should have- Ooh! I got two tens!


You should try that one.


No, I'm here too! L, M, N, P, Q, R, S. That's me! Oh boy.


No, it was called a writing desk back then. It was called a writing desk. There's a thing. It was that big and you put it on your lap. It was a writing desk.


Quintumverate.


For my action, I'm going to wait until it's close enough, and then I'm going to hit it.


Three feet.


38 subscribers.


There's treasure.


Does it look familiar to any of us?


By the ponytail.


Do I get an attack of bitch slapping?


And pick up our money.


We can come back and do this tomorrow.


Oh, god! That's right.


He's the tuning fork.


That's true! I'm telling you, it's a ball-themed year.


People like pies, right?


Yeah, I'll go down there and I'll stay with Trinket.


No other windows?


Is there anything to hide behind?


Can I tell if the storm is coming or the storm has passed?


We're going to work on it though.


Yeah, wall him in with us. I don’t want us to lose sight on him, but I want to make it like a -


Redrum.


I don't know. Is it?


The DM's Guide.


Let's heat that tar up before entering.


18,000 gold in addition to the--


I did! It was a little complacent, but I yay'ed. I gave him one.


Is it flammable? Do I know if it's flammable?


