He rolled anyway.


Fancy!


(exaggerated Southern accent) That's a 13.


Two spells at once? Two spells.


Now we attack on the count of three.


How do we get rid of this?


Did you see anything about it?


Well, there's also that group of people wandering around. There's that group.


(laughs) I do.


Also, we've no fucking idea where Raishan is or what she's going to do, if anything.


You mean like the one that crashed?


32 points of damage? 32 points of damage.


See? You are adorable.


The miniatures come out, guys!


All right. Yep. I want to go along the wall. I can swoop around it and avoid Greenbeard, I'm going to run past this barbarian, she'll probably take an attack but I'm wearing that cloak so she's at disadvantage. I'm going to run up to Kevdak and I'm going to stab him twice-- I should get sneak attack damage and a crit, because he's frozen.


Did you really paint Mythcarver black? Why would you do that?


The only difference between you and us is that we want to actually kill this thing. You want to be a prick.


We have to fight dragons soon. A dragon.


That's a good idea. If we go as high as we can, and just hug the ceiling of this motherfucker, and then go down in the middle. And as we're going down, you turn me into a fly and go invisible, and that's when all hell breaks lose.


Can you make the pixie do something? Try and have the pixie do something magical.


He's a bit of a sneak, too. The only reason we have him is because you spotted him because you're awesome.


Oh. Oh! Are people listening or are we by ourselves?


He's taking a photo.


Mr. Clay? You look-- are you okay?


Grog, give everybody a little bit of the Dust of Tracelessness.


(singing) Somewhere out there, (simultaneous) someone's saying a prayer! (simultaneous) if love will see us through!


Go for the sky, Ash.


But you haven't been drinking today.


Then she fucking lied to us. We take that, and we learn that as a lesson for later on.


Nobody likes a dick. Well.


Well, we're going to rest for the night, and then go in at first light.


No, we should use the stairs.


And now I'm going to use the dragon sword. Okay. That's a 21?


It's investigation, I think.


I'm gonna tread back from Grog, go underwater, and I'm gonna do a Call Lightning bolt. See what happens.


Ugh! Fine.


We're slow.


My intellect? I've got plus three.


No, I don't think it's a good idea, but if it should happen-- if we get, I wanted to say railroaded into it, but I don't know what that is. We'll probably need every bit of edge we can get, so I actually agree with you for the moment, Percival, we should stop by this house.


Fail so hard.


Rolled a 21.


I can't read that, dear.


Yeah. Guns out.


Was he? Did you chop him up?


Misfire?!


Not as cold as my home, but it'll do.


Okay. Tit for tat, bitch. And I swing back with the Titanstone Knuckles and punch Fassbender in the face.


So no healing, then? Let's just go?


Then I'll try a regular shot. Since I can't see her, I don't want to waste my bramble shot.


I've been playing the board game Dungeon, which is D&D-inspired. Someone also asked, what's a good way to get your wife or your kids or friends involved. I yanked my eight-year-old son in by playing Dungeon with him, and he totally got into it because of Dungeon, and now I am DMing a game for three eight-year-olds.


Cheers again!


-- if they do come, they have to like, try to get through.


Oh yeah, they have their wine aerator. They each have their cell phones. They're okay. (laughter)


Are there any crates or anything around on the dock that look lift-able from Catapult?


Maybe you shouldn't bring him into cities. Maybe that should just be a rule.


Can I do anything else? Since I'm just sitting.


Oh, it's dark. Is it cursed? Does it feel cursed?


I cast Lightning on the two beasts. In a straight line.


I'm still raging.


So how many (monster sounds) are over there ?


Yeah, Taliesin! Double guns!


People get bitchy over here.


I'll speak to the manager.


Don't think too hard.


(Dwarven accent) What the hell is going on?


If you have faith in me, I will have faith in you and trust you and your knowledge. And I will try to complete any task you ask of me.


Since he's going to end his turn there.


As I notice him going up, I'm going to - (click) Vax, what are you doing?


Yeah, I dunno.


17 is what I rolled.


It's the best. I have Loot Crate and it's the best.


It's a two, plus-- No, wait! I'm sorry, six points. I was looking at the wrong thing.


Look, look! Okay. Look, if you get bucked off a horse, right? You don't kill the horse, you just train it up a bit. Let's just work with the sword.


There's crates of apples!


Well, we had that whole long walk. That was the theory.


Just wearing a mouse pad? (laughter)


Then I want to, as my bonus action--


No, no, don't worry about it. You want to talk about it?


I think we need a bigger mode of damage. I think rather than Spiritual Weapon, we need to go with the Thunderwave again.


What are you--


The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles only had Master Splinter.


Excuse me? As soon as they left, Trinket and I, we left, and I went to the nearest shop and bought a lot of pink ribbon, and I have been furiously tying bows all through Trinket's hair, the entire time they've been gone.


It's a concentration spell. I can keep doing it for a minute.


I mean she's half melted, but...


Thank you, glorious leader. Thank you.


It is an amazing sword.


Oh yeah, he'll take it.


Are people being amicable?


Is something wrong?


Have the Duchess follow me as well. Go ahead and go to the end of the chamber there--


That fast, huh?


We've got to slow you down or Loot Crate is going to poach you for ads.


Fuck me. I don't even know where to send anything.


Haven't seen him in a while.


We all have average intelligence, let's be real.


Just wander off? I'll start walking back towards that way.


That's what she said last time.


Great. Two more to go. Who's this?


Yeah. That makes total sense.


Any place is-- I mean, we've been travelling around a bit but--


I know, right?! Should we ask where the smutty shop is that you want to go to?


Can I go ahead a little bit and see if I find any hidden paths that might cut through this field, off the main road? Scout ahead a little bit.


Ah, not an umber hulk.


We may chain you to a bear, but yes.


It was a group effort really, but Keyleth did an amazing job.


Ooh! The Fromorians. Well, the Fromorians--


That's a great idea. That's a brilliant idea. Yes, please. We also, I might add, in theory, have a wolf patrolling the area.


We didn't take a nap.


Ever since Molly fell, I've just been-- there's a bit of a sense of urgency, you know? We have things that we need to do and we don't have forever to do them. I want to keep you on your path and I want to keep on my path as well.


Let me check out the door.


No, but I am doing it as an 8th-level because I'm out-- I'm doing it as an 8th-level.


Stay cool. Come on.


You're right, it's just, I'm just not used to-


I'm standing right behind her and I say, Pike, I'm a little banged up. Dagger, dagger, dagger.


The funhouse.


He heals 70 extra hit points? Oh, not 70 percent of his hit points? We can still take him, we can still take him.


Why don't we just walk past it?


This is so wonderfully Doctor Dolittle.


They don't talk back, but yeah.


And then "one down." Who speaks Draconic?


If he gets mentally exhausted from reading. Takes a point of exhaustion when he tries to read.


Get it, guys. Come on.


You've just peaked, Sam.


Not that I can remember. They all look the same after a while.


I have Pass Without a Trace cast on us--


We could also try and seal the cave behind us as we go?


They'll know.


Jesus Christ. Please.


I missed it.


She sounds like shit.


Why don't you go in and kill some shit?


It's a her?


Or they might just send more guards, once they know that one's been killed, and then kill everybody involved.


Do you live here in Whitestone?


It didn't help?


Oh, well that's better than four.


A religion check? One. (laughter)


They're powerful warriors, killers, assassins, magic wielders. Not quite as ornery as a bunch as musicians, but still pretty amazing people. We've had quite a few adventures the past few years.


We have to go save our puppy, come on!


Are we taking a cat?


Oh, d10s-- No, there's a d20! There's a d10 and there's a percentile die!


Sorry, Sprinkle.


Keg just falls to her knees and starts crying.


We're just a couple of friends, strolling around the countryside looking for adventure.


How high do they go?


You're getting smarter.


Before we leave, I wanna go ahead and take a minute to meditate. If you guys can, you know, just watch while I meditate.


That got real weird. (all laugh)


Ooh, he's got houses.


Trinket sees it happening and he runs over and he saves me and everything's fine and I am still the Grand Mistress.


They're engrossed in leveling up. This is the joy of Dungeons & Dragons.


I don't believe it is from this realm, but it resides here. It was won by a fire giant, as yourself, in a game of cards.


(fake crying) You sadistic motherfucker! You cut it right there?! I was okay until right then!


Such a troll tonight!


They're regenerating. Something's holding them together.


That doesn't miss.


Hard to be mad at an arsonist when they're fluffy.


I missed...


Is there any gap at all?


You guys know how Shakäste was all like (shushing) and secret, you know?


I'm showing Pike the jewelry I'm bringing back. So, since I can't give it to you now, I'm just modeling it.


And I noticed, he's becoming more charming.


Two days to get there and one day to slay it?


Sure, we all do.


All right, let's do it. It's fine, whatever.


Spice Girls is so empowering.


Because we're mist.


The stealthy mix.


It's 17.


That can't be right.


And we're going to spend a ridiculous amount of the money we just made.


Just another minute, mom.


More than the beholder fight?


First thing I'm doing is I'm taking a grit shot at Sylas with Animus. And I'm doing a headshot just to make his life a little more complicated.


Oh, well, I'll be first to kill it then. Then action, I will hand crossbow up and hold until I see it make an aggressive action towards one of my acquaintances; we're not quite friends yet.


Do you need to rest? Do you need to go lay down?


Yes, it is, it's really cool. Because we were there and we saw it happen and it was really cool and you should probably get your news right--


Oh no! His spell is higher than your spell!


I drew that shirt, by the way. I had to look at his face for 12 hours.


Come this way. I didn't realize you guys would be coming, but I'm glad that you got my letter and everything else.


I'm going to lean in and-- (no vocals)


Although, that was my born name, but I call myself Lionel Gayheart, it's a better name.


Luckily we recorded it all.


That would have been a thing if we had gotten up and it was like all stormy, and we were like (high-pitched) "Where's the boat?"


After the Hammer, orcs are nothing.


I wouldn't. What are you talking about?


I'll take it. It's my turn.


It's going to be like three days for her to get them back.


Yeah, let's have Ipess come.


So you guys are fine.


Oh, wow. I've got it here.


There was a question, how much do you improvise, and when is it appropriate to improvise?


Yeah, she's got the big teeth.


Here, sit on this, Clarota.


Ey!


But yes, if I were a fly-- I assume any of us can avoid his detection if we stay low and invisible. Well, yes.


I'd like to throw in and say that I don't want to fight the dragon tomorrow, all right, let's go.


Does the wind seem strong enough that if I hopped up on my broom that I would get blown away?


They're scouting us.


Please. I love you. I don't accept this.


Are you patronizing me, Mollymauk?


So this is kind of like a temple then?


But it is mine.


She's one of the most generous people I've ever known.


This got so much better all of a sudden.


I don't really want to fight a group of werebeasts, but we have much better chances, if we're going to pick a side, against them with their brute strength, than against fucking pixies. I am charmed at the drop of a hat!


Oh, I'm getting the vapors! Oh no.


That's what we are. We're guests of Hupperdook.


I'm going to move it then.


Remember that sphere?


Are you going to run back to the group, or bring W.C. with?


We'll pretend we don't know you.


I have no sunbeam arrow, but I would like to dip some arrows in some holy oil at this moment in time.


Oh, six points per square?


So just keep focusing on your Light.


No, just wait a second, I'll say Jenga if need be.


I take two on the other shelf and let's go.


All right. Is that an orc right behind me?


I'm going to use Luck. Same exact roll. First one--


Am I sensing anything?


Don't. I'm not even going to tell you where the door is. I'm not going to tell him where the door is.


Well, it’s hot gnomes.


I have a question. What is a sleep mask?


Thank you. We'll mop it up with some towels and whatnot while it's still iron.


Yeah, I'll follow Twiggy.


Yes. 16 with Blood-Seeking.


I didn't-- I mean-- I'm really just interested in these. (laughter)


I just rolled a natural 20 on my initiative. It is 30.


One fucking page.


Oh, he's not impaled or anything?


It's not a spell, right?


I turn back towards the villagers, who are probably running up at this point and yell, "Fire! Bring fire!"


Just right by the beholder. Just right, right-- Yeah.


Misses, but the sneak attack damage travels on the first dagger.


Have we left? Are me and Percy outside already?


It's what she wants.


Little bit of pee comes out. A little bit.


It's just open and empty.


Like a metal detector


Upon hearing this, Keyleth drops to her knees and does a Locate Creature. Do I sense any spiders?


You what?!


Percival--


How many rooms you got?


We came back for you because he's going to build a mansion somewhere else.


Don't you add something?


Yeah, I go over to one of the other pillars and blow on it, the one under the air part.


You can sleep on it.


(high-pitched voice) Is it? Did I do something good?


We have this thing that, if you look really hard at it, you have a special gift. You should look at it.


How tall are the walls? I mean the ceiling.


No. That's not true.


I just thought you were going to make him not there so you didn't have to do it.


I think you find her charming.


So we've got it buttoned down.


And death is a natural thing that happens with or without him.


We were at a lighthouse that is even taller than this, you we could go try to climb that, if you'd like?


I was frozen in ice. That guy!


When teacher says, "Do your homework," just say no!


Briarwoods have an army. I have it in giant, big letters, but I don't know what that means.


Are there two openings? The one that we came in, and then the rest of the tunnel?


(overlapping) Hotis hired us.


Dust of tracelessness.


So if you walk into a Gamestop, you can see my dumb face talking to you about games and all that stuff, along with Chris, who's been there since the beginning, but yeah.


How we look at you sometimes? Like you're awesome? Like we're awestruck?


And then I turn around, and I punch a guard.


Who do you think should be in front?


Giant stones on the outside of the city.


Glad I'm not the only one who thinks you're crazy anymore.


Oh yes! We're doing a Halloween special edition. Two runs, starting Tuesday, and we're bringing back all the hosts! Taliesin and I are the first episode, and I know you guys love us, so for everyone who's like, "I'm not watching anymore because Taliesin's not the host anymore!" Now you should watch again.


I'm going to-- does anybody have to sneeze?


-- run forward and attack the guy on the edge of the ship.


That was so cool!


Who burns a spell to become an animal?


Are you speaking of an automaton?


I got a 14.


It’s a phallic thing.


When do we want to do Freedom of Movement stuff? Not yet?


There's doors to the other planes. That's our people's job.


Apparently she has a hungry eye.


Do you actually have donuts? I don't understand.


It's our fidget spinner.


Tom Hiddleston.


Mansions of Madness. Yeah.


Okay. And then, once everyone's clear, we bring them back and kill them all? Or what?


They're all vanishing!


Every month, you'll be on pins and needles to see what's in this box.


Ooh! 19!


I would like to -- oh, there's lots of excitement going on, isn't there? I would like to use Crown of Madness, if I may.


Maybe when we shop you can tell me all about Aldor.


Matt, did my Countercharm help at all?


Fuck! And I rip it off.


We're effed.


But when the dragon came here just now, they saw nothing, correct?


The photoshoot is still TBD.


Oh good, that's great. 28 for me.


I mean, he's gotta be pretty angry.


It's not a city that just existed.


You want her to get paid? She kidnapped me!


I'm going to (retching), and throw up for a second, because I got vertigo because I lost Haste. And that's my turn.


Like blood?


Can you roll a persuasion against a critical fail? Can you? Can you persuade a crit fail?


Here, we'll work on it while you DM. We've got it. Give it over here.


Okay, so I saw that.


Let's go, man!


Yeah. You're being super aggro. It's intense.


I'm tossing Frumpkin in the direction of that.


I will say this, to be fair to Marisha, the spell does say, your DM will have a list of the creatures. (laughter)


With the gem.


(singing) Bishaft, ah!


We're in the room?


Oh there's six of these. I thought there was three.


You don't get life from nothing. A little iffy.


Let's meet this chap!


See if you can get the curse out of Grog. Because if we've got to retreat, then--


Slice number one. Oh, for fuck's sake. Ten.


No, it's already got a pyramid in it.


Because Grog? He's a goliath.


What good is subterfuge when there's such an opportunity to create a ballad? Some sort of ballad about a cautionary tale.


(inaudible auctioneer voice) (laughter)


Are we ready to do this? Are you ready to make a damn fool of yourself?


We let Ulog do it!


That's possible except, of course, she had weird blood powers.


What kind of gnolls, you ask? Regular.


We're trying to shoot for here?


Korren, I was wondering if I could have a word with you for a minute?


Okay, so it's not terrible. It's bad.


Oskar?


There's a whole conversation there that I'm excited to have when we're not having, okay-- We need one for questioning man. We caught one of them.


Just beat the shit out of them.


I've been thinking about that for a while.


Okay, so that's nine plus four, so that's 13 points. I am still standing. I am Rasputin here. This is getting ugly.


Do you want to get them all?


Does anyone know what a Hawker is?


I'm going to go around the walls and look for hidden safes.


Do you re-roll those?


Ready? (As surfer) Hang ten, kahunas and wahines! It's Rhody Slater! Duck diving the word from D&D Beyond! Yank that leash and wrap up the dawn patrol because if a player in your campaign has a master level subscription, any player that owns Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes can share content with everyone in your party. Frothy, right? Well, kick out your longboard because-- Because-- (As Sam) You know what, guys? I can't do this. It's not D&D Beyond, they're a great sponsor. It's me. You know, I just felt like at this point in my career I'd be doing serious shit like Ibsen or O'Neill, but I'm doing this shitty Keanu Reeves voice and writing crappy sitcom catchphrases. No offense, Ashley. This stuff is going to live on the internet forever! My kids are going to watch this and be like like, "Wow, your dad was a loser," you know?


You're speaking of these as if they're metaphysical beings. You're serving revenge. That sounds very literal, and from what I've seen, isn't inaccurate.


There are a lot. There're quite a few.


The one by me is weak.


It's just Ed.


Rage dig.


Beans, and beans, and beans.


Okay, you can do this, man. Stand up. (whispering) Lead him away? Where?


If any problem should arise, I'll send Frumpkin straight away to you.


Attack the tree.


That's me upstairs, talking to Claudia. And the spell will stop your average Joseph from coming in here.


What? Oh--


Except for maybe Vax over there.


Speech of the woods!


I'm okay at those.


Oh wow, that's 14.


We just heard a scream. Oh, we can act on that.


You're not ganking that telescope.


I am happy to contribute that.


Your teeth are all brown!


You're our only hope. Please. You can overcome this. Please.


I blame you for this.


We did, because we had the mansion.


In between my pillow.


No, no, no, let's not.


He's going to be with us in the tunnel.


Oh shit. Oh god, what if it's been years?


Second to Grog.


(whispers) We can't fight these guys.


We went international!


Did you want this acid-resistant armor? You'd at least be resistant to acid.


Whoever's in the back should have the Immovable Rods, so if there's a sudden rush of water, we can create a grate for ourselves.


Statue.


Wait! Yev says that they harness the power of love to store data and that love also sustains your life? Wait a second, without your love, you'll die?! Oh my god!


Just let me enjoy this. (laughter)


We're going to die here.


I'm going to roll damage. That's 15 points of damage, but he's got disadvantage on all attacks until my turn.


Whatever you say, but still that's some bullshit.


I mean, that could work, I suppose. It's not what we need, but if that's what you have that's what we can buy from you.


May I sword it?


I would throw up the De Rolo crest, just like before. It's a good alert sign.


Well, I look at him, and I say, "It was a prison, but it was my prison." And I use the Telekinesis ring to lift a rock and drop it on his head.


I mean, we have pulled cursed items out of tombs before.


What, all the bad shit already came out of it, what do you say?


When you've mastered being in two places at once, it's silly not to take advantage of it.


Any betrayals in the game?


I know, but you're a big, hulking, crazy mofo.


Very much so.


Fuzzball.


It's 3d4.


22. 22.


Can I give you a bit of advice?


Per hour is good, yeah.


So what sort of odds are we talking about, then?


Well, you know, in the nicest way possible, sometimes.


We'll keep working on it.


Yeah, in case it's a trap or something.


If you ever want to talk about it you can just come to us!


Cause you saw my titties?


The Dimension Door?


Well, look. Before we step into that arena, we control this space. How quick and quiet can you be, to see if he responds to your movement?


What is the project room?


Were they going to kill you?


We've got to get out of here.


It's time?


A good person?


Oh, the teenagers.


I'll help, I'll help you look!


He's stealthing.


I bring out my blade.


Does she have to answer? Do they have to answer?


These are just bracelets that I found. I was wondering if you could use your magic skills.


Oh. Yeah. I gave him the book back. Yes.


Ooh! 19.


Yeah. I'll tell you later, all right?


These are dried apricots.


Whoever actually succeeded in changing anything from the inside? Let's be honest here.


Oh my god, what kind of spell is this?


Who gets what now?


Was I in that? Or no?


All right. I know you’re all a big fan of my sticky fingers. I took this from Sutan’s house.


(scoffs) Only 12.


And I say, Fassbender, shake Grog's hand. Remember, manners!


She rolled a 35, we don't need shit.


Claudia Sheed?


Yes. We do. Could you go?


Saves on wisdom throws.


Yeah, of course it makes it.


Everywhere he went, he was like, (shushing). He was super badass.


You have no books here on Deastok? None in Whitestone?


I will just stay put.


So it's you that's special, not your swords.


Over the earring. Shut up, Scanlan.


Oh, you can't run!


We're not stealing, we're investigating.


To get as many innocents out as we can.


I was going to say, you are the heavy damage dealer so far.


Rissa, do you know where this Ashton and Fitz stay?


(chuckle) Attaboy.


I don't know what that game is. But, I know, I know. Listen, I did a lot of thinking over the year, and I-- Yeah. I appreciate you all much more now than I did, and I realize that you probably appreciated me, too, but at the time I just didn't know. I was so used to being a loner that I didn't know really how to behave in a group, that's all. So I left.


Any-- inside. Just inside.


It's just going to reveal another stairway, come on.


Okay. I'm going to fly back to the gang. Could you pick this fuzz off my face? I couldn't get it off the whole time, it just keeps re-affixing. I don't know. I flew in and out.


They came from the ocean, Fjord.


I thought she was going to take him out, too.


(deadpan) Wait, let me come along.


Adjectives are not my strong suit, so.


How flammable is that nest?


The worst!


It says, "you can dismiss this spell as an action."


She's hitched!


I promise, Lyra, I will let him attack this battle.


No, but that's a very good point. So later I will be asking for some gold to help me fix my new gun.


Are you going to show us the notches on your upper delt for all the ones that you--


We were-- no, that was for the whole group! That was for the whole group, Percival.


Oh, I did not see anything.


Ow, that hurts. Ow.


Your colony?


Hold on tight.


You did great!


Oh! Thank you. That's great. Does it have all ones on it?


I cast Telekinesis to swoop it up. (whoosh)


I want to help you guys, I really do, but if what I'm looking for is not here, I've got to try and find it. I've got to stop these people getting it. The longer I spend here, if it's not here, the better chance they have of finding it, and I can't let that happen.


You want to sacrifice your own leg for a sword?


Oh, but -


So nothing survives the transfer. It is destroyed into its... purest components, it sounds.


Who reads Abyssal? I can't-- who reads at all. This is all out of focus.


Oh Grog, you have your own bedroom upstairs. It's got a giant-sized bed in it.


Percy! I'm saying this right now, I'm not stepping foot in that lair!


We killed K'varn and then he got back up again. He didn't get himself back up.


And one of the things I have written down.


Oh, okay. So it's pretty big, then.


If gods really understood how this world worked, this would not be happening right now.


Like, unfashionably late.


To doing the hit and then going to prison?


I've never hit anyone with a sword before! Five.


I'm only 60 feet because I'm not hasted wings.


Me and my magic swords.


I have a troll heart. It's full of poison.


The darkest.


I wrote, "two underwater breathing," and didn't write what it was.


Who is the most noisy of us all? Which one of you fuckers needs some help?


Just in general, meat is pretty good, but no. A human child is a wonderful thing. Why would I want to kill or hurt a human child?


We all stand for something. What do you fall for?


Balls. Total balls.


(galloping) How cool is that?


It's good. Nothing bad happened.


(whispers) Insight check.


Scanlan Shorthalt, playing Vegas, ladies and gentlemen.


Flesh.


She wasn't grabbing for anything in particular?


Sondur. Can you hear me?


Where'd the Key-whale go?


(slapping)


Wait, all of our money is gone?


In the center.


As long as you roll by, I'll just let go.


You've got surprises and then you've got that shit.


Half-elves.


Ah, there you go.


Yes, this was actually agreeable. All right.


He's still formulating it.


The plan failed! The plan failed!


I've counted. You've said "not"like five times, in a circumstance that's not your name. It's super inspiring in a weird way. It's all like super relevant. Just throwing it out there.


Thank you. I like your hair, too.


Stone-faced.


I'm from the Menagerie Coast, actually.


No. None.


It's open.


To who?


Oh, jeez. Oh.


Question  what are we going to do with Kiri right now, if we're going down into the jail?


Everyone scratch Keyleth off their T-shirt, now. (laughter)


I mean it's really reconfirming his whole life-view so, you know. Hi!


Thaumaturgy. Can I brighten the room? How dark is it in here?


This was a really stupid-- why did I give that up?


Who's going to take it?


I will cast Greater Restoration.


Oh, hi. Hi, friend.


Pit fiend would be 45 feet up, right? So I cannot, because I can only get 30 feet. I could hop and do it.


Sorry. I was getting what for, man. Shit. And I'll-- oh wait. Natural 20. Peace out!


I put my hand on Keyleth's shoulder. He loved you well, princess.


I loved it. So good.


Great. Also, I'm so sorry that I got you in trouble with Beau for the whole bowl incident. I didn't realize that she was going to freak out on you like that.


We're being sneaky, guys!


Ah! What do I--


This is actually really smart.


I think you should arm wrestle.


So it's only for one attack? Because I don't use it all the time.


Oh, hi Vex. All right. I'll scry on undead douchey.


Okay. Tell our friend that Mr. Mustache is sitting pretty and the young boy has Scheiße.


I have extreme syphilis.


Yeah. Said he didn't like me very much.


16 is the DC.


What else can we talk about for the next four hours?


Yeah, we're on board.


There's tentacles on the map?


I remember that well.


There were 20, but one of them fell out of the bag.


Blood.


I'll see what I can do. Yeah. I'll see what I can do.


I am using my hand cone.


Vax is walking off into the distance to urinate on a stalagmite or stalactite, whatever's the one on the ground.


I cast Telekinesis. I pick up the bomb, and I start guiding it into the cave.


But I like it--


And I'm just holding concentration, hoping someone catches me.


Oh! Oh.


It was so great. But he said he wanted to kill me and they said--


What is a training game?


That's nine. Nine is good. I'm a little better.


She's cool.


A little tagger.


But can you Polymorph animals into people?


We still have the flying carpet?


If you're dead, we'll just have to be extra careful, and we'll have a little more understanding of what's happening.


Okay. I'm going to rage? I would like to rage. Well wait, maybe I don't really need to do that because we have advantage anyway.


He's cut things out of cardboard. This doesn't look fun.


So, that's good.


Two silver. And how much, just for future reference, are the apples?


Can you shapeshift into a pixie?


This got weird quick.


At some point?


(laughs) Of the Ashari.


You probably will not be hearing from us again before the task is done.


I just thought I would bring it up--


Yeah, I've bascially Thundercat Ho'd the eye up into the--


You'll be back.


Is there a bartender or somebody that's running the inn that everyone's staying at? Or is it kind of makeshift--


I'm gonna stay where I am.


Liam, we miss you! Ashley, we miss you!


Yes! Grift it, girl!


The rakshasa! Nothing works on him! And I think that's not normal!


Well yeah, it's the place to be.


I'm going to hang on him visually and I'm gonna wait to take another shot until he tries to stand up again.


That's the most sure way to get it seen.


Maybe it's an illusion.


Is this all for that staff comment?


I'm sorry, I was busy caring for my deceased robot.


He seems to be doing his best.


(singing) Be my girl tonight, D&D Beyond.


I'd like for the Duchess to come back and perch on my shoulder, frankly.


It's why I'm saying nothing.


Oh, you're talking? We're doing a talking thing?


No, it's totally fine. I did it to myself.


For?


Don't fucking-- don't even.


I mean, that is a fair assumption, yeah.


Not Trinket.


Okay. Sorry.


I can throw up pillars.


We're all on horses.


No, not yet!


(whispers) They know!


And do you know something? Hey.


Is there anything on the dude's armor that I put on?


Don't cry on camera and then have to blow your nose a bunch!


I need to learn from Pike and Grog how to say no. (laughter)


Little over a hundred feet away.


Nothing happens?


Natural 20 all the way. Natural 20. I've had my bow notched, and I cast Hunter's Mark while all this is going on.


The Glasswalk...? The Glasswalk... Road?


That's, wow, that's two.


Keyleth, what direction was the big scary blight on the land?


Or slightly wealthy. There's worse things than poverty.


Well, then Keyleth. Trinket, stay on him for a while. Just for a while. Feel free to relieve yourself. (laughter)


I don't remember Cali saying that.


Let's set it on fire!


Why aren't you a crime kingpin?


Just scales. No hide, unfortunately.


Chilling.


Cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


I more want to examine it.


Are they huge for a goblin’s little wrists?


(same accent) Where's the d20?


I do speak Zemnian.


Here's my question. What looks shaky, the connection of the bridge or the actual, physical condition of the bridge itself?


Percy, are you up there yet?


Next time just avert your gaze. [Taliesin And Marisha] Oh!


You can use your str--


She was the Charmin bear, and we were like... rocks? I don't know, that's all I got.


I mean, do you remember the party that we had when we all put them in the envel-- sorry, baby. (laughter)


Travis again.


So all you guys are trying to do right now is to try to get these people back that got got? Is that right?


Or at least through next week.


(giggles) Yay!


Can I perceive anywhere that looks like where travelers would stay?


No. There was a ringleader, but we were too far out.


Can she jump and swing?


But they were good.


It is a bonus action to jump 15 feet. Boots of Feral Leaping. DC of 15, 15 feet straight in the air.


Because it looks like it's very good! I will go sit down, fine. I miss reading. I miss it a lot.


Yep, and I just kind of keep walking.


Do I stay or do I get out?


Firm, but polite, right?


How about these them there chain manacles? So I can get my spine back in alignment.


We shouldn't kill it! See if it can unfreeze our friends!


Nothing for me.


Doty has low-light vision, I think.


He's stuck in a closet.


I take out my weapon and I’m ready to go.


I bet Pike has that spell.


Therapy!


Yes. The last two months I have been helping my eight-year-old son and two of his friends from school create characters. And I wouldn't have done this if Matt had not forced this shit into my life. I wouldn't have done this, but I'm about to start running a game for my son, the half-elf druid, and his two friends, the dragonborn fighter, and the dragonborn rogue.


I grab her hand. It's okay. Come with me.


It's a contested thing.


That's under a hundred, though.


I was trying to save his ass! I was hurting myself on purpose.


Oh, look! Some of these flowers are getting a little pink, Sun Tree.


Roll 2d6.


Do you want to go alone? Do you want to go by yourself? Because if you want to go by yourself, say something, and we'll let you go. If you think this is something you need to do by yourself.


All right. It's in the bag.


I didn't think that Doty could be improved, but you all impressed me today. Thank you. Thank you for this.


Okay, no, just give it back to me, I'll put it back in the Bag of Holding.


Scanlan's super important.


Look like it's no big deal.


Good day!


I don't care, let's go. (splash)


Can I still fly?


Grog. Do you trust this?


No! He's got to get them away. They're at one hit point each!


Goldschlager. Jaeger. Lemon citron vodka.


Well, those amazing David Mack posters that are only on sale-- well, okay, here's the thing. The signed ones are only available for one more day; they're going away tomorrow, forever and ever and ever, amen. After that, the not-signed version will be available for one more week, and then those are gone forever and ever, amen. So if you want them, you should get them. We also have a bunch of other shirts, like the Scanlan t-shirt, and the Vox Machina t-shirt, and every other t-shirt that are so soft and comfy and cozy. And the Slayer's Cake apron!


Day?


Drink some, maybe some water, too, in between each sip.


Okay, what--


Do you want me to go in and you can cast something? I'll get their attention and you can cast something?


It's only been an hour? No.


All saves.


If you're still within range. I push even harder for Scanlan's sake.


Did I say what I healed to? I did, right?


Wait, who's stuck?


I have that effect on people. I put my hood up and two little Twiggys stand there and go Bye, bye!


(grunting) Are you ready? Let's sell this shit. And I put him on my back and we take off running! (yelling) Oh, it's horrible!


This seems to be bothering you, Kashaw.


Phil's friend did.


You really want to try to break into this fire giant's house?


(thunk) Does he take falling damage?


We said you were alive, your weapons were ours. What, have you got shit in your ears?


Yeah, we're all stealthed.


Yeah. From the ceiling down to him.


Can I stealth?


What we have here is a Scimitar of Speed. You gain a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magical weapon. In addition, you can make one attack with it as a bonus action on each of your turns.


This I can confirm.


What about yours?


Rough one, that. Question


We're going to watch them at the door.


I think we'll all feel better after a night's sleep. Yeah.


Wears it every day.


(chanting) Stats, stats, stats!


I'll try to catch him then.


I'm not stepping on the snail.


No, the glove, I haven't used.


Okay. 28.


Do you know how many people are going to go to their website and enter in "Taryon". They're like "What the fuck!?" "Code not received."


All right, let's go.


Temporary hit points, advantage on strength and saving throws.


He has plus zero to his wisdom saves.


You seem like such a charming gentleman.


Can I do that, or is it too far beyond?


(whispering) Comedy comes in threes.


We've got a bear.


Grog, you died!


Oh, put it on my horn!


Yeah, no, I have options. I'll be fine. Should I go for the guy who-- I'll do (blows raspberry). I'll cast Lightning Bolt on him. That's always a good go-to.


I know, but we want it to work. We want her to die. And if you and I do it, it's not going to happen. Her being sick is still up here. We need the others. I really want to use both my arms to take her, but I can't. I take her by the arms. And we need the others. If I thought we could do it-- Listen to me. I love you, and if you ask me again, I will go with you. But I don't think it will work. I think you and I will die. I think Raishan will spit on our bodies. You will not get what you want. And then Thordak won't die. No one will be happy. I understand--


We need photography of the 19th century over here.


What was the ruling on the arcana check?


I want to go and do... So I run up to him, and I go to do the really cool thing I heard in a cool story where I twist up my fist and I go (whoosh) (pow). I've always wanted to try this, and this looks like a better time than ever to try it out.


No, that's gone forever. That's gone. It doesn't last forever. It lasts a couple hours.


Timothy!


No! It's not stupid!


Vox Monica.


A short case of--


He'll come after it. I know.


78. Okay. That is okay. I'm unconscious--


To the bowl.


(yelps) Fuck!


Killed a fucking giant invisible spider, friend.


I rolled the wrong ones.


Oh. No problem!


The hyenas are little.


(shouts) What are you reading? What are you reading? (laughter)


No. That's a d10. These are d8s.


Come stand over with us.


Not really, because if Caleb's going to be down there with us-- I think, if we start screaming or you hear a ruckus--


Oh, delicious. Oh no, I'm drunk! Just kidding. (all laugh)


Well, this might be complicated, I think that just-- What would--


That was well used, my man.


I will indeed. Guys, D&D Beyond will be streaming tomorrow, June 15th, live from Origins Game F-- Uh-oh. I've forgotten something in my car. Laura, take over.


Slipping you the digits.


Does there appear to be any type of plant life?


No, before he runs that way. Can I toss you the Immovable Rod?


He came in.


Is she going to be sick?


Yes! I thought it was a terrible idea. I was dead wrong.


Yeah. I can-- can I see that dagger?


Oh my god, you killed your whole family.


Dwarf got game.


Fuck. This is so much worse than I was imagining.


Second attack?


You can't inspire yourself?


Yeah, I want to see it.


I might be down with being some kind of monkey.


Then I cast it at fourth level.


Must be some sort of harvest theme that everything is going up.


I can't be one-upped. I use Minor Illusion to create sort of a mirror image of myself, over myself, also playing the flute. (laughter)


No! Of course not! He's our friend.


My favorite is Rick Flag just shouting exposition through Suicide Squad and that's his purpose.


Molly would want us to go to the bathhouse.


What if we surprise her, tie her up, then Jester can do her Zone of Truth thing. We can find out everything she knows, slit her throat, and sink her ship.


I can read that.


Yeah. Just don't let go. And I'm going to think real hard, and maybe we'll all be there together.


Then we can go steal stuff.


Oh, bloody hell, about fucking time.


I definitely would rather not fight the entire thieves' guild.


What other questions? Are you still willing to answer some more?


I went back into the bar because I went to take a piss outside.


When we need to be at sea, we have Fjord. When we need to crunch numbers, we have me, and we have others as well.


It's 2 00AM on a Sunday at a Starbucks right now. There's nothing.


Sweet. Counterspell.


It was used very well.


To the one who's on me, all up in my grill, I'm going to touch them and cast Shocking Grasp. Which is a--


But you can catch up through one of those little doorways.


Yeah, I do, too. Yeah, I have dreams.


The Shorthalts. Okay. Lord Scanlan of the Shorthalts.


Your business is yours. And mine, because I noticed. (chuckles)


Oh, she's all about shady shit. She does a lot of it.


Yes, well. (Marisha laughs.)


Let's go find an abandoned building and set up.


I know it is not fair.


It's the 'build' theme.


I can burn my 7th-level spell to bring back Vax.


Okay, 18.


(sings) Sweet bird of prey, fly, fly away.


Yeah, guess so.


Another six for that.


That is actually the worst crime we've committed today.


So I'm an eagle right now, so.


We have two more pieces of broken-up armor and a lantern. And manacles.


If one of your characters died, would you roll a new character?


It's all this roll.


Was taking the book an action?


(in Grog voice) They'll take us, but it is at our own folly.


What if you're in trouble? You're very hurt. You've had a terrible night.


Someone's asking if we like presents. I think we'd all like fan art.


It might be four.


I move faster.


Oh yes! Matt's got to make cat sounds now!


I'm going to think about it real hard.


Yeah, we didn't get paid in advance. I hope that doesn't come back to bite us.


But you said he lived in the ocean?


Slightly warm. Toasted.


I'm going to try to throw up some bait. (hooting)


Would I know that?


The first time I ever saw you, you were fighting... the Hammer? Who were you fighting?


Can we come in and talk to you for just a second?


Yep. Oh my god.


Yeah. I'm good. We're fine. I mean, is this the plan? We were supposed to free living people, but we got some arms. We could bring those back.


Don't do a Lightning Bolt! What? Why would Clarota use a Lightning Bolt when he saw that the lightning did not work for me?


We're going to fight dangerous monsters.


So, where do I need to be to do it-- like over here?


I mean, we could bribe them with six identical slaves. So what's it going to be? Plan A, the mansion that's certainly going to fail? Plan B, the framing job? Or Plan C, the bribery slash ambush?


I'm sorry, do you have a plan?


Oh. We'll leave the skull with Uriel.


We got a two, a two, a one. What was your first roll?


I think there's a casino here.


So, we are taking a short rest? I'm going to burn a couple of hit dice.


Sentinel, bitches!


It's 1d4 plus five, so it's seven points.


Gern didn't have a tail and he was less than-- I don't think Draconians will like us without a tail.


You can't burp and then try to blame the smell on somebody else.


Oh! That's fun.


It would be an honor.


I got 48 on my first, but that's it. 48, done.


It's just four hours.


Oh, I really wish you hadn't done that. I can't guarantee her reaction to that will be a positive one.


That should've been at disadvantage.


The full portrait? Not the pixelated one?


Trinket's in the necklace.


No, he's a human.


No, no. She's not here. It's just me and my new, rich friend. Rich.


Huddle in fear at this point.


I'm going to attack at disadvantage, I guess, with... I'm going to create a big hand right in front of him, to stall him with the Bigby's Hand.


So that bucket is not going between any of that.


Who's on damaging-the-device duty, who's on--


Well I was looking for a Loot Crate. Have you guys seen any Loot Crates?


Of cakes?


Fully aware of the bag of dicks.


I'll take the shield and hang on to it until I can give it someone who wants it.


What do you think that means for the rest of us?


Wait! When did we say we were going to meet Bryce?


Tired.


Respect. Respect the antlers.


Into orange juice. (all laugh)


He has Pelor, and he has the Raven Queen.


Sorry, what was his name again?


Can I go up?


Wait, what is this? Is this an attack?


I hate you sometimes.


Level two!


Tee-balls you.


It doesn't protect you against Detect Magic spells. It protects you against Detect Good or Evil spells and magic spells that reveal your true nature.


Let's do.


Well, this is different.


Wear my cloak if you want to cover it.


It got uncomfortable--


I'm going to punch with my fist. Which is good. Nine.


We should find a place to take some shelter until this rain lets up.


Oh, it's dexterity still? Then keep the advantage. You have advantage.


I went to get business cards.


You'll find out soon enough.


33, guys.


That's right. Still the same hour. It can only do it once a day, right? That's all right. That's fine, I can just do a little thing. So, just add to this, would he be described in anywhere on his little D&D card as something with a dragon keyword?


I can also do a feast if I cast it at seventh level. But, fuck it, I'm going to sleep, so it doesn't matter.


What were you supposed to say?


We're in the Feywild. Where did you just come from?


I'm going to take a third shot. And here we go. With the same Sharpshooter. 21.


Mythcarver?


When we kill it, we can make armor out of him.


Oh, I have to keep a visual.


Are we past those statues?


And the apartments don't go as high as that.


Well, they frown--


We'll leave Molly and Jester here to nurse their drinks and their short rests and we'll go back up and speak to the Gentleman. No?


Got to keep Mamma Mia.


Well, we've got the silver thread up. She can't get in.


No, that's okay. I wasn't that worried.


We flogged him with it and then it disappeared.


This is old.


Can I inspire Keyleth for this?


I light a few cherry bombs and throw them at my friends in celebration.


We can misty there, camp for the night.


You can see that and mountains.


I have a good sense of it!


When are you gonna grow hair, Grog?


I thought Dimension Door, I disappear to another plane and reappear.


All the rage of the fire ashari. And then I'm going to enter inside that treant right in front of me.


You're unconscious again?


Just you and me.


What'd you get, Liam?


Let's see if we can keep civilian casualties to a reasonably small amount.


(owl sounds)


It's just Dwarven Forge all the way through.


He's teaching you magic. Listen carefully.


It's my own urn.


(gulping)


Is this perhaps something to do with Sir Cadigan and Port Damali stuff? Do you know a Cadigan? Would I recognize the name Hadigas?


Hey, guys, we're here to save your fort. We're going to just step away for two days. (laughter)


That was a great idea.


It's pretty outstanding if I do say so myself.


It should have been gone.


I'm going to throw up. Oh no.


I'm going to start a fire--


I know mythology.


There are more people down there. This is the x-factor we spoke about.


Seven!


Their teeth are good for 1d8s, though.


I already saved for it while I was inside of him. I can save again.


Frumpkin? I don't know.


I've always had it, you never asked for any.


Is anybody writing all of this stuff down?


Hits people in the face?


All right. I'm gonna quickly inspire him. I'm gonna read him a limerick.


What are you in the market for? I have dull things, but I get the distinct impression you're not necessarily somebody who's going to be interested in coin?


Yeah, you know, something very hunt-y, a sort of thing--


On his cheek. That's it. Anyway, you're busy. We'll see you soon.


Let's try not to escalate anything too quickly yet.


Yeah, nobody mentioned anything about needing handwriting, right?


Grog. And I reach up and grab onto his beard. This is a beautiful beard. Watch out for traps.


Thoughts?


She is awesome. I like her a lot.


Okay. It was wonderful to see you.


Someone write that down.


Yeah. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to circle around and I'm never going to leave him. I'm going to go all the way around, circle him, and then wait. And then my trigger is when Grog steps up to him.


Do you want to sneak-attack him? That might be smarter.


Because I was behind them, yeah.


You did this to yourself.


Your little one. You take care of him. Her. It.


That's decent. 14 points to everyone.


Who was that?


Ooh, ooh, wait.


I dispel Alter Self immediately so I have longer-ass legs.


Fuck you, horse.


No, just bamf there.


Brom's with Asum?


Just let him go, it's all he's got.


Grog, can I ride on you?


I ship Scanlan and Gern.


Ordinarily, I would say yes, and I might want to put something else in there. But for the time being, I don't understand this thing enough.


That's not going to work!


Oh, the guy in red? The guy in red is controlling it!


Plus my dex?


Yeah, that's little creatures.


The comic book is out.


Oh, wait, you did ask me to write it down and I think I did.


Well, at least it's not as far as Vasselheim.


Ja, on the first one.


All right, creeping back.


You can turn into a cloud, and float in there, and see what you want to see, but I'm not turning into mist when my herd is inside that city. If I go in, I'm going in.


Okay. I'm going to fly out of the window on the broom.


Okay. I give him back the armor.


May I ask, is magical ability inversely proportionate to wisdom?


No, I'm fine. I'm going to actually fall back into the cart.


I'll be good. I promise.


Okay. I would like to fashion, if I can, three more explosive arrowheads for myself, if possible?


And Vex has advantage?


I'm not either.


Can I go with this? Unless you have a particular reason to--


I'm going to also do this. I'm going to do a Sacred Flame.


We need to get to our next target immediately.


Do we need to put on the robes, too, that we found?


That's not a magic creature though, it's a woodland being.


(whoosh)


So metal.


He didn't say anything, but he did a great impression of you.


We were opening it up.


We should put that hide in the Treasury.


Please no, no, I, no--


I'm not poking my head into it, I want to get a closer look.


We could try and hoof it home.


Best of the best.


I will try to fill in as many details as I can.


(gasps) Oh my god!


I have another 5th level now, so I could do it again.


Nature check. Just to see, what are his strengths and weakness? What about his race?


Oh man. I feel like you all are talking like I normally do, and I'm talking like Grog normally does. This is such a weird day.


Best you can tell.


Well, you've got to figure it out right now.


Sure, man.


25 on stealth.


I'm the lookout.


It's true. I did say it was pointless.


Now they can dig extra. The Etch-A-Sketch has been shaken.


It doesn't matter; they're not paying attention.


You're going to be a fucking piece of work. What's your name?


Go buy t-shirts! [music]


Just did that.


Here's ten, plus five, 15.


Oh that's right. Man, that was our first--


Board games, anything.


But if we can break his concentration, they come back, right?


Vex and Vax dance backwards against the walls.


We hail from Port Damali.


We're choosing to do it.


Goo goo ga ga. Do I see where the book is now?


I would like to say, everybody who tweets at us and all that stuff, we love it and appreciate it. It makes me smile everyday too, so thank you guys.


Any issues while we were gone?


It looks like that ice wasn't super-strong, and it collapsed.


I think it was just to get shit. (Travis and Sam laugh)


I know. I usually put dead people in the bag of holding, but there's always a first! Treat her right.


I've literally only met one other person named Beau.


Oh, what?


15. I did not roll for Trinket for either of those things.


Oh, God! In our direction?


All right, so I'm just gonna whip down and stab into the treant that's at my feet now.


We're still outside.


It sends out magic missiles!


I'm feeling so achy. What happened? Whew!


That's an extra charge. We do do that, though.


Oh, math!


That's all that matters, right?


Oh, he's already down?


You want to be set free?


I'll get it! (clears throat) Hello?


I don't think a crow has darkvision.


Glory be to Grog.


I continue my long journey into the room.


I'm about to find out what the inside of a Bag of Holding feels like, I swear.


What?! (laughter)


I guess-- this is really hard.


Shit. Fill her up.


18 + 3 is 21, plus two.


We treat guests so well!


Shh, guys, please.


Very good. Thank you. Thank you, Nott.


I rolled a 20 total. That's 11 damage. My second attack missed.


Call me a code name.


To the point of intoxication.


And before I jump in, I say, don't touch the plants on the edge.


He's harder to hit from a distance, at the moment.


Oh, which would be 26.


It's the bottom of the ocean.


Not the Crucible. Don't rub my face in it. Not in the Crucible, to the Braving Grounds.


This feels like The Descent, I don't like this, you guys.


The balls doesn't give advantage?


Do you have your earpiece in, by the way?


And then I will cast Bigby's Hand.


I've lived here my whole life. It's kind of lame.


You're--


As a point of order, you were right, we were supposed to head here to fix the ship first. I want to do that because we've got a fucked up ship.


Awesome! Brian Fostah.


We know of Lockheed.


No bodies of water, pools, lakes, decorative?


How can he see me, by the way? I'm invisible, still.


I will grapple him and pull him back down.


Nila, I love your enthusiasm, but again, they're on home turf, they have more people than I thought, more abilities than I thought. I mean, we hire a couple of Taskers. I know it's not ideal, but if--


Why start now?


Erika Ishii, Yuri Lowenthal.


No, you can keep that shit. (laughter)


Not undead?


Okay. Out of the spire.


And two to Pike for healing me.


Lyra, I think we're going to be best friends!


I feel like, as a hunter, I would know how to set a fire to something without setting fucking fire to the trees. I'm good at campfires.


All right. Can I make my way back towards somebody official-looking?


No, we won't do that.


Because he had barely any left.


About this time, I come over the earpiece and I go, how's it going in there, guys?


Wow. Have you been sitting on that all night? Because that was amazing.


I have a snake!


He stole you last time. You should have PTSD from this.


Oh excellent! Are you on the bed?


It's a win for Grog.


I sit down next to him and say, listen. You are a victim of circumstance, we understand that. We are, to a certain degree, as well. We're not leaving your side, and really there's no other choice. I mean, you're fucked like we are. So we will do our best to protect you, I promise you.


My hair is killer right now. The clothes are old and shitty.


(laughing) I go, I walk away.


Of our group.


I don't even know what this is, what is this?


Yeah. They're all bad. 12 points.


If she's done that, if she did that to the Sun Tree, how old is Delilah Briarwood?


And ducks.


Oh, holy shit.


Liam!


I think your language was actually pretty good.


But Expeditious Retreat is gone.


Yay, Manners!


Set up a satellite chain?


Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.


Oh my god, we're in the Plane of Fire.


Yeah, 18.


I may need some money, but we'll put something together.


Let's go get a drink.


Hm, yes.


We could be great whites.


Cash it in!


I'm just tapping one. When you're done, please let the palace know that we have returned.


I think it's ten or higher, right? Are you shitting me? You rolled a fucking ten?


We made a bit of a ruckus, that's the last thing you want to do in a jungle.


And roll bad.


That's not great. That's a 14.


I'll keep it.


This is great. This is awesome.


Ooh. I like the risk.


Like a babysitter. You could pay one of their women to watch our little Kiri.


You might want to keep a low profile.


Your DM and your doctor. "That's not good."


No. This is not an open membership situation. Vox Machina has been together for many years, and we've forged our bonds of friendship--


Not quite as good. 14 points of damage, plus three points of necrotic. Another strength check.


He is Oliver Twist.


I got a new note-taking pen. Look at all the colors.


Well then, why do we need to evacuate the city if you could theoretically have control over it?


And it's a tree with a glowing bottom?


This is a little like Clue  the Movie.


Well, what has he eaten? Because it could be nasty in there!


It would take quite a while longer. I think it's too early for you to have checked today.


Yeah, killed the baby and false imprisonment for the kids.


Oh wait, Yasha.


Why don't you just question us right now? I'm confused on why you don't just do that now.


(singing) Diamonds are Scanlan's best friend.


No, he's downstairs.


Oh, you have no idea.


It's Lenore! I know it. It's Scanlan's mom--


I wanted you to bless my quarterstaff. Make it magical. I need my staff enchanted. I would like you to enchant my staff, Pike.


(sighs) That's, again, mixed company and public company.


Allura, does the sky look like this in Emon?


So, looking at the giant and realizing that if I bring lightning down, I'll just start electrocuting everybody around, I meditate for a second and go super calm and start casting Heat Metal, and I start meditating on Vax's daggers.


Whoa, nice!


With another six points of damage. Ah!


I love you all. We do it, above the screaming, howling Horror Nights sound effects.


Jester and Nott, darkvision, silent as shit.


It takes an armor slot.


You want to what?!


It would be stone swords I would imagine, I don't know. We could shove as many--


I don't understand what--


Or some chicken?


You could marry the girl or we could go kill an ancient being.


I was angry. I was very angry, and maybe if we had this conversation yesterday, even, I might be yelling that to your face right now. But it's hard to be angry at bravery and selflessness. I mean, we've always had the problem of you having one too many ladies in your life, right? (laughs) It's hard to compete with a god.


Me.


And all of this stuff on the edges?


I thought you did a different technique last time.


Ziggurat? What's it for?


He has two?!


To us, or everybody?


We can go. It's nothing.


Pull it back into the tunnel!


That miniature is like the Garbage Pail Kid card that you get 97 of. It is the most frequent find in the box.


I know, I'm sorry, I know, I'm terrible, and now it won't work and it was pointless and I want it to work. Help me.


Exposed skin.


I'm Kate Moss, man.


Oh, she's fine.


We should scry on the dwarven city if we can, really quickly.


What, is she casting a spell?


Yeah, oh man.


We can mist there.


Give yourself a little bit more credit. You killed a dragon.


You look like you're into some shit.


I could use more cake.


I'm cracking the one on the head.


But that'll be loud!


Independently.


Oh, it was crazy.


A five.


We'll go after the one that stole the guy.


No, I don't!


Yeah, I'm going to move 25 feet towards him.


That is finely made. May I hold it?


You do you!


You're good at forging, right?


Same. What is it?


And he'll just hang around with us? Second Scanlan hangs around with us until what?


And those guys, they're guards of the city! Those imps in the gold armor, we were warned about those guys!


So I can hit her two more times?


Then I'm sure you can understand the need for secrecy for a small circle.


Sphere! Do your worst.


How long do you plan on staying here, Lord and Lady?


Make the call.


I'm going to go up near Pike, and I'm going to inspire Grog. That's it.


So we have to go back and tell them--


I'm not at my best.


I need to get every angle, don't I?


This is out of character.


Wait, the guy in the mask is prone?


Oh, nice. That's a 23.


Okay. I'm gonna keep moving towards the lodestone and my brother.


We've heard so many things about you, Kash.


Not life, just this campaign, Taliesin.


Dungeon Master, does a roll on the floor count? What happened?


Oh fuck. Oh Jesus. (groans) How close is Orthax to me?


Do you wanna go now?


As close as I can to the Kraken's head and just, like, past him. I want it to go by the eyeball.


I ain't using it. (yelling)


Did my hit points already get updated on my thingie?


This is going to go great!


Is it considered a salad if it's mostly cucumber in there?


Yeah, but we're going to be in the prison when we're done.


(gasps) Thank you. I give you a big waist hug back.


For war.


Why you have to be like that?


Oh, sorry. I forgot, sorry, four points of fire damage.


Ten...


You guys, let's go shopping! (laughter)


Oh, that's the worst.


The man behind the curtain.


A natural 20. (cheering)


We have acid.


This should be easy.


Are we just going from person to person in town telling them to come find us?


Lackeys?


I'm tapping like a motherfucker.


You guys have that holy water, right?


That's actually insanely helpful.


Pissy.


Okay, well. He's 20 feet in radius himself, isn't he? Sweet! I'm going to-- oh, there's a lot of people, though. Who are they? I put my ring out and I'm going to do instantly, quicken spell, do five more SP will bring me down to one sorcerer point, and I'm going to huck two Fireballs right in the center of the hydra.


Being that this is our first time in Darktow, I would like to see the rest of the area. Would anyone care to join me for a stroll?


That's what alcohol is for! Don't jump off cliffs anymore, please!


A couple other things.


Of all the options of the world that you've given me...


Our next giveaway is going to be at 9,500, we're getting pretty close. The other real quick little announcement I have as far as subs go, is last week you guys were able to get our sub train up to 420 subs, now that counts resubs and new subs. So we have the sub train going right now, I believe it's well over a hundred--


I have a strange thought.


Yeah, it's Greyskull Keep.


Okay, I Stone Shape, I take a chunk of the wall and I Stone Shape a boulder. And I hand it to him. And I say, throw it at that target.


Okay! 18.


Vex, I have some holy oil?


Starosta, it's good to see you again. It's been a while, about, hold on. I get out my sketchbook and I look through it. Maybe like eight years almost? Your hair hasn't changed though, you should change it.


I still have a giant tapestry over my shoulder.


Yeah, just some lax scouting, you know?


Yeah, spit it up.


Seeming! To make Grog and Trinket look like commoners.


It's not a concentration, by the way.


Yes. That blade, careful with it, very powerful. He is bent on the destruction of one thing and one thing only. Vecna.


I know. It does. 28?


Narrator slash Dungeon Master? What are those guards? There's guards in the city.


Oh, that's good, that's good, 35.


I like where this is going, Vax. Wait, I go over there first and then I say that. (all laugh)


You have some real treasures. I'm particularly interested in both of these books.


I love you so much!


You can do both at the same time?


Gunner master.


We'll secure him, but Clarota, could you prolong the Sleep spell for eight hours so we can rest and you could do your spell?


When I die, I'm coming back as a character named Vix.


Oh boy!


Grog, Grog! Stop trying to reanimate that thing and hit the freaking red guy into the hole!


No, I'm just saying you'll get it back.


There's only two, maybe four of them.


She commits suicide in front of him?


Come on, Pike!


And you embarrassed him?


Yeah, because I didn't write it down.


This is the stupidest thing.


Vax is moving to the next band. That's a 24.


(whistles In the Hall of the Mountain King)


The closest one to me, and how close am I?


That we're talking about destroying.


I go to Jester and Beauregard's room and say--


I can make us all into birds.


Oh, wait, keep the teeth. Keep enough teeth for us.


I'm going to start putting some of my stuff together to get ready to leave, but I'm going to head over to Nott, because Caleb's walked off.


I shoot an arrow into its eyeball.


I need to drop acid all the time!


Can we peek in without it seeing us?


Killed my best friend.


Is a really good app.


Caleb just retched into the grass from watching that.


Who's close to her? Do you still have any spells left? The poison spell?


Killed Vax.


Holy shit. "I will grant you cock lightning."


What's up, internet? I've got a quick announcement.


I've got the naughty bits.


Actually, Doty has the best night vision. He's got complete Darkvision? Oh, we all have Darkvision.


I'll keep watch. I'm kind of wide, so you'll have more room.


Why is it advantage?


This is an entire three day weekend.


It's all right. At least you guys are remembering one of my names. I had to come up with a couple-- I used to have ten, just to make it easier for people to even call me a name.


What in the (popping sound)?! That's my third one of the night.


Well, we should probably stop by and tell them that their problem has been handled.


Me? I'm--


Yes. I got little goosebumps from that.


No, I just want to know where it is.


Wait, can you let him go and let him drown?


Sit down. It's dead.


No, it's okay. Just don't do it again. But I'm sorry I took all this money from your friend.


We are wandering merchants, trying to find some textiles to buy to resell in other lands. That's all. Don't mind my traveling companions. They're my protectors. I travel as a merchant with a lot of coin, so I found these two at a leper colony and nursed them back to health. It was also a gym, a muscle-man place, so they're really buff. But they're also lepers. And that explains their matted hair.


That's right, bitch! He's frightened until the end of the next turn.


This is for that kid!


While she's looking, could I--


Amazing. I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Hex on that tall--


How do we talk to her?


Let's see here, what do we got, six people over here?


What about a tunnel or anything?


Yes, and they have a mapmaker with them, so they'll find it without a problem.


Oh man, okay. I'm going to send my Spiritual Weapon over. Does it get there? Probably not.


Whoa, it's all around me!


Get another Grit back.


I might have enough that we can all wear one one night. (laughter)


You know what I'm feeling like, Beau? That I just need to get out of this city and never come back, go somewhere far away. I hold up also a stump, because my hand is missing. I need to go, in a boat, and just go.


This isn't going well. All right, whatever. I'm going to move around, still try and dodge him and tuck in this way.


Or we could ask it what its childhood was like.


Don't incant that shit again.


I will release my bolt. At disadvantage because more than 30 feet away.


(whispering) Thanks.


Her initial regret.


Can I try and harvest some of the blood, as well, to keep for personal use?


We're going with them, then?


But then you saved it, and it was fine.


I think that I would like to start a very complicated art project that's going to take many years. I'm not going to work on it all the time, day and night, but I'm going to invest some time in this.


Maybe they need more hot water, we'll send some in on our way out.


Step off, Tiamat.


I just hold it until the end of the turn?


We're all in a small, enclosed space together, Grog, and I like this fellow.


Let's get this guy out of the tunnel in case somebody comes through the tunnel. I don't want anyone to see him right away.


Could be a goat.


You can't just let these guys go by!


All right. Well.


So does he, right? Because that's kind of badass. Seven points of damage.


Do you know Pumat Sol?


I mean, look. The solution might end up solving itself, who know who in this town is even willing to go up against the Iron Shepherds.


I am sorry.


Is it called a censer?


That was a reminder that you should know what you're dealing with before you touch power.


Actually, yes.


Get it, girl. Get it, get it, girl.


A DC. Yeah, that's a nine, right? It's a nein!


Skill challenge!


Even better. And I'll just start hand-smashing into my face this delicious salted meat collection.


Did he look good? Did he look healthy?


17, 27, 29. That's a fucking d8 again. 31.


I spoke too soon!


Diamond-encrusted, super well-paid, yeah, I'll do that. We'll have lasers and smoke and all sorts of shit.


Did I at least teach him how to spell his name?


Long may he reign. (all laugh)


To be fair, a goldfish, even at that velocity-- although the velocity would have lessened it more.


Indeed. The hour is nigh.


I stole from a necromancer.


I put my finger in the cage and go, hello, Lockheed!


You already got his ascot, don't you?


I have a little cute facehugger for the face.


Could I back up one hour and ask Yasha a quick question?


No. because he rolled a one, remember?


There'll be a hammock.


What do I have to pay to fix this?


There ain't nothing for me to hit, so I'm going to slightly peek out around the corner, so that I can keep an eye on things, and I'm going to hold my attack for anything that comes within range.


I touch her arm.


Critmas! Crimmas.


Do I keep my rage, because I fell and took damage?


Are you in the clear?


Know the Isle of Bisaft?


Oh, no! He's lying in the skeletons.


This is a giant primordial beast that people inhabited. God only knows what existed in here.


Did he look scary?


Wow, that was bad.


Wow. You like that dice.


I mean, this is a--


So now I'm at 13, but can I use Evasion or Uncanny Dodge? Evasion is for area effects, Uncanny Dodge is--


Oh. Maybe you should keep looking.


Brandon Gilmore, that was his young name.


And I place my hand on his hand.


I've had my thought for the day, there's nothing else.


There's flies all over this shit.


Are there any animals?


We should have got to it sooner!


What if I just heal everybody and we keep on?


You can't even see it.


What is this thing?


Vecna.


I think Keyleth wants a reward.


It seems to me that no matter where we go, we are putting ourselves in peril.


Was it good? It was a good kiss?


Yer a wizard, Harry!


Here, hold this. I give her the doohickus, and I say: I need 30 minutes. I gather up all this stuff, and I walk with it, very happily.


We need like cups and string or something.


Well, I'll already be an earth elemental, and I'll have the Gate Stone.


If you feel like attacking.


I don't think I made my dexterity check.


I'm going to have to deal with it eventually, but I'm fine at the moment.


And if we touch it, we're not going to be possessed or something.


There's still a horse that has to be ridden.


How did you and Trinket become friends?


Guys, check out DnDBeyond.com. They're giving away a Legendary Bundle on their Facebook page. A Legendary Bundle contains every digital source available on D&D Beyond, all reference books, including a pre-order for Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes. Go to Facebook.com/DnDBeyond, check out that top pinned post for instructions. Last week, as you all know, I sent out a request saying, "Send me your stories of D&D Beyond, mail me your stories," so I got some viewer mail to read. "Dear Sam, you're my favorite on Critical Role, don't tell Travis!"


Yes, they are.


My hand?


I release my brother. He's out of Raven's Slumber.


They can find who they want, but not with this. They cannot find me. I would really like to get into that library, because I would--


A behir?


Zorro!


So my fear is this  that if it's anyone but me and him, everyone gets involved. Not just us, but all 60 of them in that stronghold. I don't think we walk out of that very well. I'm not opposed to facing him head-on and seeing what fate has in store for me while you free any prisoners that might be around, or ransacking his house for any fun bits, but I think he's going to have the Knuckles on him.


Nope, I just feel like me. It was the vision that came with it that fucked me up a little bit.


How much extra for some side saddles?


Roll better.


Let's mist it.


Oh, it's not a strength check?


Yeah. Thanks, Caleb.


Don't have to empty the bedpans, change the sheets.


Grog? I hold my turn.


I don't know, though, I don't know if we have the time. This is hard.


Like to grow back?


The whole body.


Yes. Locate Object is concentration, and so is Pass Without a Trace.


We'll work on this during the break.


I can work with a little bit of nose putty, and yeah, I can make a fake face for this guy.


Cure her before she dies.


Unless she can make a strength save versus my spell shit.


I'm challenging you for details.


They were going down the southern coast, yeah.


Oh, not so good. That's his? Just a seven.


I'm so drunk!


I know. I'm not sure I want to, yet. You know what? I am. I'm going to Mass Cure Wounds right now, just because I'm so low.


That's 10d8. And it's a dex? I think it's a dexterity saving throw, and it's 10d8. One, two, three, four, five. Does anyone want to lend me their d8s?


A natural 20?


Yeah, right, on your way, lad. (whispers) He's going to die first.


Well. Whatever. I saved a life, go me. I'll take it later. Yeah, so can we go back to the prison, not to take away from everything else, and maybe look for chains, like some hooks, maybe some broken bars?


Well, I think you're pretty wonderful.


No, he's my boss.


There will be more.


Should I go first, everyone?


Look at how teeny Trinket is compared to the other bears!


Vax, go. No. Go.


What level are you casting it at?


I can't find it. One second.


Percival. Hello.


I won't die.


I mean, we could drop her where the thing disappeared. It's still a crapshoot, but it's better than nothing. "Drop me on the ground, Keyleth!"


(cawing) Crow Fjord, or maybe raven, you don't know.


Well, tell them that Ethred Brokenbranch sends his regards.


You fall in the kitchen, though.


Yes I can. With Shapechange. Right? It is a challenge rating that I can do, right? Planetars?


Just straight insight.


It's just that gnome, he's so weird and he rubs off on people, like my dick! Oh, I'm doing it again!


Water and water makes--


He is really, really cool!


Thieves' tools to disarm, right?


Not willy-nilly, not galloping pace.


You guys think this is part of a plan.


So it would be five more points of--


If it goes south, and we manage to kill one of them, he might chase us.


I'm not going to make the noise I'm just going to--


That is a huge-ass tree.


And it's the balance on the sides of the room.


And the person who ran this place was an older man, right? Just sipping tea.


No, he's just my buddy.


All right. I will-- I can only really see Keyleth around, right? Everyone else is hiding?


(singing) Para. Para. Paralyzed.


Have fun, doofus!


Maybe we should rest.


I speak Keyleth. (laughter)


Well, depends on the day. So, that guy is still alive too, yeah?


We're up in our rooms.


And crossing the whiskey off the inventory.


And if I were to remove my armor, would I be weak and squishy?


I'm running in, for the rest of my movement.


And I turn to-- what is her name? Kaylie?


No no no, I mean the one that we came to the Nine Hells for. This Hotis.


The word on the street?


Yes! I run outside.


Passive or active?


Oh, it's The Giving Tree. (groaning)


Sure, buddy, sure. Sure, yes, yeah. I'll see you guys later.


They might!


I'm going to stay with my Grog.


Give me all your stuff.


I don't think she can fix it.


What do I do, dex as well? Oh, it's gonna be so good.


14 points of damage plus five points of psychic and one point of lightning.


Wake up!


Hello, Tary.


And that I did it?


Is there a little cough?


Well, what if I lifted it up and put it onto your sword, and then you could carry it out that way?


Well, of course. I hope you know that we're here for you, with whatever you need, as long as we're all here to help Pike. We love her like family, as well.


Yes. Well, technically...


You're so good at punching walls.


No, the fire damage is another plus one, but I don't think you'll be adding that.


It's the black, dwarven armor--


I kind of do like a--


What would've happened to me?!


Yasha, that's two rings left for you.


I know I'm attractive.


Very unhappy about that. Okay, three. How's that hole looking? It's a great hole, right?


Oh, look, we made jelly.


All right. I want to be brief. I have four things I want to do, but I'll be very brief. I promise. Okay, so first thing I want to do is I think at some point, I heard Tiberius talking about wooden stakes and vampires. So I want to go buy about ten wooden stakes.


But that's not what I'm saying. I'm actually arguing the opposite of that. I'm saying for once, maybe, I mean, you're a very good talker. Why don't we send the person who's good at talking down? Instead of on a lark, sending down, you know, the brute to talk.


Can we make ourselves look like the snake people?


I feel like I would still be on the stairs because I was looking back at the ghosts.


I was wondering that myself.


(whispers) Who is Sondur?


I'm not going to let my sister fall.


And so the two of those combined, cut in half, is what he takes next round's bleed damage.


I didn't even ask. What was in the room before I got ripped out of there?


Let's not open it here, though. This town sucks!


Are you lying right now?


It's the same show!


Brilliant. Boom, boom, boom.


70?


Three dollars off if you use lootcrate.com/criticalrole next week!


(sings) One little two little three little oozes.


(groans) That still seems extreme. We should just book it.


Are we all huddled together at this point?


My strength modifier is one.


Or like, (clicking).


(whispering) Just look right there, friend.


I guess that's what we'll find out afterwards.


Maybe it's--


Condition-- no.


That was really awkward.


As if this were a Telltale game, at the top of the screen it says, 'Keyleth will remember this'.


Are you sick too? Did you get hurt? Hold on two seconds. I'm going to cure her and then I'll cure you too.


That's great, thank you. Much better. Ouchies.


We're going to follow.


I don't know what that was.


Well, that's what happened to me, they attacked me and then I was in.


Head to the beach!


Jester, what are you at, right now?


Only melee, not spells, yeah?


He's so stinky now.


Where's Master Quall's--


That's where I'll hide. Tomorrow.


We see a single tear drop from Clarota's eye.


They have a monorail in Zadash!


Thank you for joining us.


Taryon next, with Doty with him.


The tears of three women in the room.


Yeah, we're fucking close, man.


That's above your whole--


Yeah, that's true. Just tell me to go do something in public. That's all you need. All right. So, I'm remembering, it seems like Hotis might serve the devil of this realm, the leader, the president, as you have said a few times, Grog.


I cast Mage Hand to tickle Percy's knee.


Maybe we can talk to the pixies about--


Ooh, like Thai food.


Terrible. Just terrible. Five.


I look.


I have some parchment. I have the thing I want to build, while I'm in the tree. It's very simple, and I want to show you what it is.


I was saving that!


Great! Great! We're in the street, right?


As he does, I sing (sings) Dodge that sexy attack-oh white boy. (laughter)


Just don't. I have thoughts.


8d8? I don't even have any.


Thank you. (laughs) That's awesome. Yes, that is absolutely what happened here, so I will need that.


(laughs) I have three.


A dude in a hat.


I follow. I follow.


Can I use Cutting Words on it?


I’ll grab the dagger. I’m coming with.


That's an edge, with a 15-foot drop.


I literally rolled a one. I'm aware that there's a hole.


He has 40 floors!


He's lying. He always lies, don't pay any attention to him. You're safe with that.


It's a rainstick.


Have you seen a kraken?


Ooh, I forgot about her.


You would go investigate.


So that's six... and then help me do math, 12.


There's no way I can get within 60 feet of him.


Well yes, but--


A boatswain.


Should we do it stealthily?


Oh. Don't look at the light?


Hey, what are you guys talking about?


A little extra cooked.


Well, I could potentially grab all of them and shove them in the Bag of Colding.


I am. Yeah, that's 15.


I checked the door, but I didn't check anything else. Can I check the room for traps?


To Garmelie?


I know Common, Elvish, Giant, Sylvan.


Did you? What did you say about merchandise?


I have to be in the mood, I need music, some nice lighting, I need to be wined and dined a bit.


We're a normal family!


If we can pry it out of his body, we could shrink him down. Perfect plan.


What are you looking for, Molly?


Yeah, no one touch the-- Is it just laying on the floor right now?


Plus one lightning damage, so it's 27.


So you can get a beret.


Oh, but some of this is Westruun's.


Hey, man, no judgment, it means you're just like me.


So we gotta get in, and then get in.


Who would be buried with a cursed belt?


So I'm to sneak in and make a door and await further instructions?


Yeah, that's some medieval shit. That is bigger than anything I've ever heard of.


I may have something I can do with this actually.


But fan out, not together. Maybe ten, 15 feet in between us. Like a fire line.


Do any of our people have Identify?


Oh yeah, tiny dancer coming.


They don't know a lot, but they're trustworthy. I've been putting my trust in them so far.


Natural 20 on an initiative. I don't know what I can do to them.


(laughs) You son of a bitch, I love it.


I don't know what to roll for cannonball damage because I've never actually gotten to hit.


That was pretty clutch.


Yes, own it, yes.


Now you're not here?


Was there any more black powder? I've taken all of her ammunition and black powder, I suppose. Anything else that looks useful to me?


Fuck! That's not good.


Nothing's trapped, right?


Is it like a life vest?


So I have three ways to move. First way is the bonus action. Do I reach oxygen doing that?


That's shit. That's going to miss, I think. Yeah. 20?


Nott, did you recognize any of those goblins?


I have to admit, I'm curious, where did you get your friend there?


Sounds dirty.


She is, man!


If you want to use it.


We've got some super squishy people in here that won't make it past--


I think that we should cut around the side and go to the back. They will probably be expecting that less.


I've had an idea.


I can make my duplicate silent.


That's the first letter of your name.


Straight up 15. Fuck it, I'll use luck. I've got one more. Another 15.


More than one?


Your eraser thingy?


Can I try again with the current? It's a concentration spell up to ten minutes.


All right. All right, so we're talking our way out of it?


Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I'm afraid being down here isn't safe anymore.


That might have sentries.


You're not taking any questions right now?


That's up to him, not me.


I still draw Mythcarver, and then I put it away.


Oh jeez. (cheering)


How are you feeling, Vax?


White dragon loves the thrill of the hunt.


No, we've got a cart.


I've got a long list of beasts and animals I'd like to slay--


Thorbir is genuinely touched by this gesture.


Except it's full of sulfurous shit.


Do you have any to-go cups? (laughs) Just kidding.


Everything that you've been holding back for years now is going to come pouring out of you. Okay.


Okay. I'll brush it a hundred brush strokes every night, just like you.


We've all been working on this along with a lot of people at Geek & Sundry for a super long time. So we're super excited about it. It's going to start this Tuesday at 7:00pm. You can watch it on Twitch for the first four episodes, and then those are going to be available on the VOD for Twitch and on the Geek & Sundry website. You can also watch it on a website called Pro-ject Alpha dot com. (laughter)


That's a really good idea. I don't... I mean, if you guys in a serious rush, if you could help I'm sure we could figure out--


Did those two gentlemen come back into the bar at any point?


Is Caleb gone?


Yeah. 13.


And sorry, Chicago.


Okay, 11. 12?


Dimension?


We have Twinkies?


Okay. I'm going to cast-- How many people are on Percy?


Yasha, has thunder--


Mayonnaise. Mayonnaise is slippery. Butter.


That's fucking big.


Let's go, I say as I walk backwards.


I've got to see, because I just want to know. How far does Grasping Vine go? Do you know, Keyleth?


If you're honest.


Well, I don't think we should go charging into the Nine Hells like we did the ocean.


No, I don't think we want to talk to the king. Do we?


Ulysses Standeras. Strong name, ja, ja, ja. Ulysses Standeras.


I step in front of her. She is my friend and colleague and you will not lay a hand on her while I am standing here.


I mean, would you stop it?


And start putting the climbing gear on.


Oh, come in!


This is good. This is some Uncharted shit right now.


Which I've done.


Hypothetical. What if an army of darkness was slowly approaching Emon to kill all of us?


They roll a dexterity saving throw.


So? You've got to be putting something on the table, though. Well, if you want to surrender the sword or not surrender the sword.


You are in no shape to do anything right now. You need to take these two women and hide downstairs. Do you hear me?


Yeah, sword, sheath, three daggers, pair of black boots that look cool, 116 platinum and 12 gold.


Yeah, you also happen to be very explicit on your page that you don't want the sick, so.


I don't know, I think it was something deep down inside me that I actually really hate. That it's there. It's maybe always been there. And then I had to-- (deep breath) Let's go. I don't want to talk about that anymore.


The slimy kind.


Bidet!


Okay. I will. But you'll keep an eye out in case anyone--


"Yes."


Well, that's four extra words.


Ah! You were Fjord in that moment. (laughter)


Yay, go.


You have drugs with you?


Well, does he hold me if I turn? Well, I just said that, right? Here's the thing about Uriel.


Just barely hits or hits?


Oh god, so he needed ground.


That hits three times.


Souls don't grow on trees!


Frumpkin, go take a look at that, if you wouldn't mind. (splash sound) Down towards it.


And then I want to not see your faces for a bit.


Second to you.


Blood! Splatter! Some CSI shit! Up in here!


Yeah. See if--


Next four hours. We can spend a minute to go (foomf) and (foomf)?


All right, I'm going to do it. 21.


Is she awake?


Grog! Hello, darling.


We could even cast the thread and sleep upstairs.


I lead Trinket outside and I see them come out the alleyway!


Way to grab that first. Not "CoreyTHall6" or, you know? He got right in there. Well done.


To sacrifice him.


Was?


Prone still means you're disadvantage-- no, they have advantage.


This is very much the beach, isn't it?


I feel like we could find better stew. No offense.


It wasn't a dual fail.


He's sorry!


I will probably just get a cloak.


Why did she seem like she looked up to you so much?


I'm-- and I don't mean to worry you-- just be cautious, I don't-- I have that nagging feeling, and I'm hoping it's wrong, but I think it is possible that they feel you did not lose-- you did not learn the lesson of the Aramente.


Yasha, we want you to be part of the group.


(banjo music)


Some of them would try to leave across the bridge.


What is the plan, Captain?


I'm going to try it. I'm going to burn a thing and see if that does it. So. Yeah. Let's find out.


I have the bowls.


Hmm. You should form a book club.


An object known to you as long as you have seen it up close within 30 feet at least once.


There is no bird or octopus; he is a cat. I am out of supplies for-- he's a cat.


I can leave it. As a distraction.


Buddy. You can keep doing it! I'll give you--


I think we proceed by taking a 15-minute nap, really, at this point.


No! I just don't want you to die.


Oh fuck, no.


I got it, I'll do that. And I go and take my morning wee right on the little hole where it's starting to freeze back over.


Okay, with that new development--


She's got professional makeup for our game!


The healer.


12 straight.


Contested roll.


(whispers) Kill them now. (laughter)


I'm going to cast the Resilient Sphere on myself. And I'm going to roll into camp. Hamster-style.


You don't know where you are anymore at that point.


Our farm burned down!


Yeah, you're low double digits, too!


What does that mean? What does confused mean?


Grog, do you want to?


Really strong ones?


(grunting exertions)


That's pretty awesome. (laughs) Yeah, I think mission accomplished. Let's go.


Green's pretty.


I go and hold his shoulders--


I take a moment and scan the beach and call out: Nott the Brave, live up to your name and jump in the ocean!


Maybe it's time for Grog to go in.


Okay. Is that just my action?


Wait, was that a wisdom saving throw?


Fucking A, man. Do you know how to do that?


Yes. Oh that's where I put that.


I don't know why. I'm feeling... what would be the word? Superstitious.


Provisional.


I'll do the double, yeah. Yeah, that's not bad. 21.


Thank god for that plus ten because that was terrible.


I'm going to do a perception check and see if I can see any sign of a village or a town or my people. 23.


It just makes you feel connected to Everybody people.


You want me to go in?


Yeah, keep eating, Kibble.


Instead of talking about yourself.


I would give him the best.


You can be, and you are of use. I'm not the type of person who would ever say that you have to choose and follow who I follow, but I will tell you now that if the Raven Queen fucks with you, or hurts you, or doesn't change you for the better, then she's going to have to deal with me, and we're going to have a problem. But as of right now, I love you, Vax. It is going to be fine, and I am here for you, no matter what, and you can talk to me any time. Don't be ashamed or embarrassed.


Daytime's better for that. Different environment.


Keyleth, we're all here behind you. You've got this.


So wait, are there two different directions?


That's okay. It's fine that you didn't hear. He said nothing about a bloody dagger. Nothing at all.


And did well.


Yeah, totally worth it.


That's not good. Could we make that tapestry into coats?


It shoots under the water.


Oh! That is actually a wonderful idea.


I turn and I head towards the door and as I get there, I look back. [applause]


That's unpleasant.


What the fuck! I should get Scanlan...


Oh no, is that what this is going to be?


It's higher than seventh level? Did you have to roll?


That's right! You did! We went on a shopping trip, and we had so much fun.


Okay. But you do have a safe I can put my jewelry in now?


Prestidigitation! Clean that up.


Maybe it's an illusion. I'm going to-- since I don't have much left, I burnt a little bit, I'm just I'm going to reload, hunker down, and watch what happens. I'm also going to watch the gnomes, all of them. Are any of them doing weird shit? That's where I'm gonna use the rest of my turn, to just look at the gnomes and see what they're doing.


Insight check! Just kidding. I'm good.


Look, we can have different animals. Like, he can shark and I can whale.


So I took the cub and I felt really horrible, and that was also my first time I'd ever killed any people, as well, so Trinket was very special to me because I wanted to protect him and not let him experience that again.


That hits. Do I have momentum, grabbing her?


I thought it was on me! I was like, (yelps).


Taste of choice.


I'm not eloquent like Percival, but I've known you a long time. You are a good person.


I swat at Molly and say  Wake the others.


And we got hacked, which means we made it.


Can we put some of the little ones-- Nott. Bren, get in the middle. Kiri.


Don't kill the kraken.


No, I know what's happening. I'm just trying to, you know, schedule a tea break.


Yes. Yep. Mm-hmm.


I don't know, but it seems coinky-dinky that we were there on a night when towers were exploding.


Ooh?


But how many feet did I move, how many feet am I able to move anyway?


Roll better than Beau!


Let's do that.


Kraken, plural?


(eating noises)


What is the pretty thing?


That's not great. Saving, dex, 14.


And then I am going to take my bonus and spend a ki point to do Patient Defense.


Well, we've got two things on our plate, right? We need to start--


I think the Pentamarket's that way. I've got a hunch. We can just slide by and see. Small detour.


Well, your friend, Gail, is here to play that game you love.


A negative three to your deception?


All right, so here go. Let's roll well. I get advantage on this, right?


Or attempt to.


It's good times, guys.


I just spent a healing surge, so.


Well, I guess-- and I'm confused as hell, I assume?


It is 18.


I'm throwing out a greatsword and replacing the platinum greatsword in its spot so that should make enough weight out. Bye, black studded dwarven armor. That was the first thing in the bag of holding.


What's the Beacon?


We're your saviors.


We run straight in.


Yeah, we'll-- keep talking.


(laughs) Thanks, Laura.


I can try, I'm not as good as he is, but I'll try.


Yes? Was there a fire pit? There was a single fire pit. There was a floating violin and a floating set of drums.


15 plus four, I think?


We might take a little bit of damage on the way through.


You're going to get better at it, Keyleth.


How does that cap work?


I'm going to take a walk around the whole thing and see if I can see anything on the edges.


And only magical weapons can damage them, or they have resist on non-magical weapons?


And then the second shot-- dear god, it hits.


From innocent guards.


I see Scanlan kill it, and I just step back.


Can't go in there.


They must know who we are.


No, I want it. I really want it. It's real important to me.


Scanlan,


We're abandoning the keep?


Holy what?!


Is there a watering system, or can you put it on a timer if you're not going to be here?


Wisdom save is plus zero. He's not smart! Or wise, whatever. And if he has any-- do we want vulnerabilities or resistances?!


Kick his ass, Vex!


Well, no, I mean, he was making them, but it's our recipe.


This is a shrine of Sarenrae, who I follow, and I wanted to bring you here because I wanted to share it with you.


We live in an age of miracles and wonders.


I'm pulling the rope out and trying to lower it over the edge.


Constitution save at this point?


Are the Briarwoods going to be down there? Are they here?


I want to hear you say it, anyway.


Oh, well then never mind.


How are you with it?


15 plus her natural strength.


And I go, sorry! Sorry!


Well, I am walking in their direction anyway--


Yeah. In the basement.


I am 185 easy, okay?


Is the password, "I am what I am," not sure? Too strange a reference; never mind.


That's murder.


Rock.


It's pretty great.


Yasha's going to use her bonus action to rage.


Yes. Okay.


No, no. (coughs)


Good thinking.


Lot of great shirts in the store. Great shirts.


I don't have my card because we're traveling.


Should I put five or 15, for each of us?


And you're one plus nothing?


Well, he can't, he doesn't have the key anyway.


We don't know who all is alive or dead. We can only expect the worst.


Scanlan, you better be stealthed.


Asum? That'll do. All right.


We should go toward the cave in, don't you think?


I would get a spell back, yeah.


Happy birthday!


I have to put my head in its mouth?


Let's do one up here.


Dang, Perce.


Isn't that just because you stole her job? That seems like a legitimate beef.


What do we think that these beings' reaction will be to not lizard-people being on this island all of a sudden?


They take up the whole top half of my face.


Are you getting that?!


Do I-- (yelling) Catch me! Aw fuck.


Come on, use Luck if it's sucky.


Like deputy bouncers.


Oh no, was that the little kid?


Twins are in the front.


Do we have the time for that right now?


I'm making a religion check. Jeepers.


Bad, I'm guessing?


Oh my god! Okay, okay, okay.


Okay, so I'm going to Cure Wounds.


Pike's beauty distracted me, you shouldn't have cleaned her up so nice.


I think before we do anything we should find a place to sleep.


No crossovers. Never mention crossovers.


Yeah. I'm still curious. I want to go have a look as well.


I shake her little elf hand.


Yeah! Yeah!


Do you know... Do you remember what you said, before you left? I mean, obviously you said lots of things. But there was one thing in particular that's always bothered me.


We have more Vestiges to get. An airship to steal.


Oh, three. That's lame.


Right, right. Well, I've done a pretty good job of taking care of the other tentacle of this cavern, I guess you'd say.


All right! All right, let's do it.


I'm 14. Tiberius and I are 13-14.


No, it's okay. This is going to be terrible anyway. (singing) The new SHIELD clearance level nine lands today, bro. Better rewards and challenges you can recruit Lockjaw the inhuman doggo. For more chances to summon Black Bolt, other Inhumans, and Kamala Khan, and boost the power of your superhero squad. Last but not least, for a limited time you can also recruit the Silver Surfer and Thanos and Star-Lord and the cosmic legends pack. (speaking) Oh shit, I forgot my props. (singing) From now until the 30th of September. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Marvel Puzzle Quest! (cheering)


So how do you heal yourself, then?


Plus two from me, plus 1d4 from Bless. Plus two, plus 1d4.


Busy, yeah.


Should we pull off on the side of the road and get a campfire going?


Just in passing. Did they have business in town? Was there something in particular? I'm just curious. It doesn't really matter. I mean it does matter but not particularly.


I go single just a little bit after, and I rolled a natural 20.


Hmm.. Wow, no. I don't think I ever have had a plan.


Wisdom now.


I mean, the motherfucking pig-latin. Jesus.


If I have to move, can I move closer to hit?


Ah shit, 14.


Pity that, acid reflux.


Shall I try to javelin?


I was thinking perhaps Keyleth might actually--


No, wait! Let Caleb look at it. What if it's super-duper cursed, Yasha?


We did do it pretty expediently.


Let's do that. I'm reckless.


We'll head west to our appointed meeting spot.


(laughs) I always fail rolls against Percy! It sucks!


Distance and accuracy.


Can you make the manacles big? Can you Engorge the--


And he's grappled.


Okay, I'm gonna--


Caressing it?


I have a low nature. What do you have?


I think I can plane shift us there with it if we don't want to go through the orb.


There's stuff in the store!


We'd have to start right now.


Wow, we all did pretty well.


With advantage. With triple disadvantage.


I'm backing up as I'm talking, I'm right at the door! I didn't shut it behind me, I just cracked it open.


We should stand up and ride it like a surfboard!


Mr. Schuster.


I had not had my coffee, I was tired, there was no bacon...


Oh, Sam! (groans)


Oh, it's that radius!


Is there a balcony connected to them?


And then big me over top of her.


Yes, continually.


It is totally transparent. All of us can look through it and see into the ocean.


That was good, that was good, Keyleth.


Fucking what? 14.


He could brain me.


In Draconia?


Souls also don't wash up on beaches, but apparently they do.


I always want to leave Trinket!


Perhaps we should deal with the spiders before we make noise, or maybe just be prepared. In fact, you know what? I'm going to cast Spike Growth on the ground in between where they're going to have to walk through.


It's unscrupulous.


Shut up! There is!


Okay, no, okay.


Oh that's good. 15.


Immense.


We can't do this alone.


I hand her my sword.


I don't remember. I don't think it's on my sheet.


You fell over dead!


At this point, what's the difference?


I'm going to give it back to her.


Okay, how about this  Yasha, I'm sure you'll agree, we can make one move to see if it's interested in non-violence and then we have the advantage here now.


Oh, that's not very good.


A blur of blue?


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream, a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roar, crunch) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Hang on, I've got a paper ready.


All right. Can I float down and get a closer look at the weird marks you were talking about?


Oh, it doesn't count as using your memory if you're reading it, Jester. Come on! That's not fair.


Oh fuck, yeah. A natural 19.


Okay. They, meet us at the top!


Like a brand.


Molten metal and rock? I can't jump that, can I?


It's like the Bermuda Triangle!


Nott and I.


But they would be using it in the Nine Hells. And it's going--


Airship. From here.


Should've had him do this to Grog. Okay. (laughs) I suck at strength checks. Okay. 15.


Plus, further away from the frontlines in this war.


A success. What did you just say?


I expected it to go pretty fucking well.


On a 7th-level Fireball?


Oh shit, we need to get the rogue out of the closet.


And this book would make me unstoppably so--


The King's Hall.


Yes, we need to item up.


Okay, this is this.


That's a 26 and a 23.


And if you ever need more dogs?


It's a horrible place where we could all die.


He's not shitting himself anymore.


Does anyone need more healing? Are we okay?


Yes, they do.


Oh. I come around the corner, and I see Percy.


Oh, shit. Ooh! That's good. 27.


60 feet? I can tell you super fast. No, 30 feet.


Get up and out. Up and out.


I should've looked!


I'm too tired to make proper decisions.


We have a flying carpet.


And we're at the southern part of that?


We're at 22.


Galdric is the wolf, right?


Everybody jump up in the air!


Then who does?


Moo.


Can it come from my cock region?


Have I read about this cat?


Okay! I run over.


You could, probably.


Said the S.H.I.T.s. (laughter)


Everybody hears some muttering behind them of words they don't understand, and then they hear Caleb say: Huaah! A large bubble goes (voom) in the entire entryway, and there is a giant half-dome of pale, orangish-brown energy; and then you just see Caleb's head go "Hey, look what I made!" (whoosh)


Can I throw the torch down there?


I'll go with Grog.


I just need ten minutes. And I pull out a little spool of silvered thread and stretch it out. Where did you want this? Over the window?


I'm going to run around to the other side of it. This is so dumb.


Were you?


On the morrow.


Oh, that's just mean.


We could try to throw you.


He realized he was sinking.


Gilmore's Glorious Goods.


Oh no! It's like never ending.


He's unconscious.


(laughs) The 12 was a one. (laughter)


All right, well, I'm going to follow suit and go to the other side and cast Stinking Cloud. No, over--


No, I didn't. It was expensive and-- oh god.


Aw, fuck that thing.


Oh, I hope not. I mean, it's been a long time.


Do you want to move?


We all have Pass Without a Trace as long as you stand close enough.


I'd like to make a perception check to size up the guards around. Ten.


We'll find out. We'll just lay waste to shit until it stops happening. We're going to keep doing terrible shit until terrible shit stops happening.


What? Well, that's a better roll.


I was going to make myself look like you, but a dead version of you. A zombified Grog.


I bet Gilmore would know what that was.


We can't figure out how the triangle works.


Oh yay! Look at that! Six! Six! Six!


I think so, yes. I need to make sure it doesn't fall into the wrong hands, that's all.


That's exactly what I was looking for, thank you so much.


I see what's going on and I rub my ring and I go invisible.


You're going to hard tax your horse?


It's a seven.


Oh my god, the worms have turned us all into clouds!


I think he saw himself die. I think. I'm so sorry.


As soon as he fires, I will as well.


What's the safety word?


Can I talk to Uten a little bit while we're walking?


Here's the thing, darling. If something is wrong with him, and this is so out of character I'm afraid something is wrong with him-- not that you're not completely desirable--


Tell your man to check the cart.


Get inside?


Well, they're going to think we're coming in through here, because they know about this entrance. Maybe they don't know about the other one, so we could maybe be super tricky and take an entrance they don't know about at all.


Okay. How close am I to them-- I want to give them their weapons.


Rah.


But you could ask me. Well, I'm not--


