You want to send him in with me? It's going to be nasty where I'm going. It's all-day buffet.


I probably won't roll well, just putting it out there.


Bring it! She's on edge, all right?


I go in, and I'm like that drunk person at the hot tub at the hotel. Hi, how are you guys doing? Excuse me! Scoot over! I got more friends coming.


Moving shit out of the way of the door, in a...


Yes, totally!


There's been a few times that we've all known we could die together, but this might actually be it.


I'd really like that, please. Can I write to you if I leave letters? Can we be pen pals, Jester?


Well, you should keep a leash on them, then.


Oh! I cast Mending on the doors!


24. 24. Is that saving throws or regular? Okay, yeah, 24.


What did they find underneath Whitestone?


And I assume I can get part of the way down the wall as well with my action?


I know, but he's probably promised them all something.


I will inspire Keyleth. I will sing (singing) 25,677 minutes. Ask Critical Role Stats if you don't believe me. 25,677 minutes. That's how long we've been playing. Playing this game.


Does anybody not need healing?


Are they waiting, are they talking, what are they doing?


I think I'm doing all right. I'm just contemplating where we're going from here.


I want to go toward--


(yelling) Yes, it's bad! (laughter)


I mean, without pants, right?


Oh wait, before I leave, doesn't someone have to buff me up for this spell?


He's trying to find a positive.


The moist guy.


All right. Then I'm just leaning out from behind Grog and I am going to dagger-dagger-dagger him.


(whispering) That's good. Bad. Probably bad.


And return this  I show the flute. Maybe they'll recognize it?


I don't know, like if it's-- I don't know. I don't know what to check.


As they're looking, I'll just creep towards the pillar and cautiously peek around.


It's a ten right, because it's half.


All right, that's a good idea.


Can I have seen Percy looking around?


You better fucking heal him.


Are you sure they were dead? Are they just fucked up?


So we theoretically haven't intercepted them yet.


4d10, this is crazy.


Okay, who're--?


Okay, I will unlock it. Not so good. Nine.


I'm going to turn to a guard and say, "Search underneath the window of that bedroom. Anything you find - look carefully, find a body. If you don't find a body, find a trail." Good work. Windows are good.


Shouldn't you be able to Message Nott and say she's on the move if--


I have the robe of infinite rope-ness.


I liked them. They were fun.


Was it? I don't know how I feel about that. Good talk, friend. Seriously though, friend?


But all these books-- you're sure you got all the spell books? We need the spell books.


Wha-- Should we-- Should we party?


Fair enough. Ends my turn.


The awe-inspiring one with the face is from a dream you had?


He's a good man. Yeah, I get it. We killed another dragon.


Are they still with us, or did they push us away?


Is that Percy right there?


That could be so many things.


So our mouth is free and--


Not with that sword.


Let's get in. We're all going to get in. Come on.


Can I just go, he's over there?


The laser pointer's dead. Now I'm going to make a wall of stone. Wait, is there someone in the way? Is there somebody behind him? Is that Vax?


And I transform into a goose and come out as a goose.


Uk'otoa!


Also, they're really hungry, more so now.


Constitution? Oh, he's going to barf.


12 or something? Right? Where is it?


Oh, sorry, friend, I've got one of those faces people tend to recognize.


She was going to come see us.


Oh, well, there's one little thing, which is that Travis and I are... having a baby! (cheering)


Okay, I'm starting to get a bit pissed now. My tail is whipping, and I would like to use Phantasmal Killer.


While we're whispering about things--


I will definitely agree that there are sections of this city I would absolutely agree that you are the master of, at this point.


Heder's got one.


Ashley Johnson!


Do you think that if we would've not covered the room in pudding, that he would have stayed?


We have some empty potion bottles.


I can bring it back. Should I?


Oh! What happened? Oh, look. It's dead!


Yeah, it's wedged into the back page.


Grand Columns is the spell, Vex.


What's going on in there? I hear lots of ruckus.


Two whats?


What time of day?


How much can we carry?


Technically, I can flip gravity. I don't know. I felt like I should put it on the table.


So that is a measly four plus five is nine. And the last one we use jade, and I shouldn't use the jade 'cause that didn't hit, I don't think. 14?


Let's go down the right one.


We're a bit skeptical. We're looking for support, just like any other wayward souls in this crazy town.


Ooh, that's some dirty fucking shit.


How did Trinket get up the cavern?


Apologies, did we catch your name?


This is a d10?


And if I walk around back, is there any guards around back?


Maybe you and I can take a stroll up by her abode.


I need it a little bit.


I can see chopping someone's body up might be psycho.


What's up, Stink-Eye?


Four groups.


Okay, wait, did she say we needed the sword? Also, I think the knight guy that you fought that was super awful was the bloody--


Am I in range-- where's the other gnoll, is it right on me?


Yay, that's pretty much all I can do.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we were opening her closet.


I'm here to see the Ruby of the Sea.


No. Pike could destroy it.


The one that's singing, I'm going to roll it towards the lollipop.


Can I do a hand punch?


Me too, but I was in front of you.


Why do you always get the fucked-up weapon?


I need time. It's a long piece of paper. It's a lot of knowledge.


Does he look miserable?


Oh, hopefully she didn't roll an eight on that first one.


All right. Captain?


We have rope.


Hail, hydra.


He's gone insane.


I think that might be the place we ought to go.


Nott, you are a fantastic rogue. You wouldn't let such an ambush befall us, would you?


So we can face Cthulhu, or little Cthulhu minons, seems to be our choice.


Yeah, but I'm going to take a note from Zahra, and I'm going to, with the Sword of Kas, cast Finger of Death.


That's the thing. You're beating math.


I haven't seen it in person yet!


I leave a little, like a canteen or something, right where she's perched, just so I know where to find her.


I'm going to take it. How heavy is it?


Well, we don't know where this shit is that we're looking for.


No, he's on another continent.


A bard.


Wait, wait. He's telling us, shut up.


Let's just talk to them real fast. Okay. We pop in, we're like, hey.


Damn. I can choose whichever one I want. 21.


It's just a sword; it's not even magical now. Shit, I can't find anything, I think it's 1d8 plus two.


They're just something so that, in the worst-case scenario, anyone will always know who we are, and we will know each other. It can't be replicated. There's no one else who's made anything like this. There's not enough material to make anything like this.


Why? This place is already fucked up. Let's get it on. Keyleth?


Oh, yeah. He's weird? I don't know.


This is going to be very helpful against Vecna.


How many crossbow arrows do I own? Any?


Ah, yeah, that's gonna hit. Armor class sucks.


Right, but listen, I don't know if we have enough to bribe all the efreet. What if we went to the Charcoal Palace, spewed a tale, and said that this pit fiend is plotting to overthrow the Charcoal Palace and all we want is to remove the problem for him?


Kaorimal?


Hey! I was looking for you. You want to come and actually join the conversation for once, instead of sitting outside the door and just listening to them? Because I really feel like this is going to be your time to input and maybe really help?


All right, well, if you don't want the money, we can break the contract right now, and I'll go my way.


Is there anyone else on the docks? Anyone else that we can see?


That would be good, you or Beau really.


It would do no good. Who would be bringing food into the city in the first place?


Can I look up at the ceilings and see if there's any portals on the top of the ceiling like there were in the last room?


Great. Well, then I would like to do a 2nd-level Divine Smite, which is going to be 6d8.


I'll hold onto Caleb as well.


Almost died.


♫ A fantastic way to die


(whispers) We've got to look for that motherfucker more often.


Dammit. I don't feel her warmth, though.


You had a girlfriend before though, yeah? (whispering) You said her name when we were dancing and then I put you to sleep and you said her name again.


I'm not worried about that.


One. (laughter)


I would like to use my bonus action to inspire, who's about to go-- Vex!


I'll get used to that eventually. Okay. Cool.


That was pretty awesome!


Are we putting limits on your cuisine, Taliesin?


The second he leaves the keep, I rush to pull the skull out, shut the door, put it on the table, sit down in front of it, and say, okay, talk. You have my attention.


Behind the wall I start laughing.


Do I have any more movement?


Can I peek out and see the guard-zombies?


They call themselves the Chroma Conclave.


Into the lava.


Which cart are they going to be on?


I got lost, but I agree.


They would let you bring a mother and her baby into the library?


He and I, we are like that.


Why don't you and I try?


I've got to break my grapple, right?


It's delightful!


All right. I'm going to tie the rope off onto a very sturdy thing next to a tree that we're going to go through.


Yeah. I copy Keyleth. (coughs)


I go with him.


She will use the rest of her movement to keep running up the dock.


My name in high school.


And just her.


Burning an action surge for three more shots. Burning a grit for advantage.


I've been thinking about that.


Can't Luck on that?


I've never been so disappointed to have rolled a vegetarian character in my entire life.


"Marius LePual at the Wayfarer's Cove."


No, we need a lead box, that's probably more important.


I do another.


You can control water. Can you control the water in the mud?


It's all about branding.


I get a big, knotted, wet-looking stick that is covered in lichen. The armor is also covered in lichen. It's a big growing, living wet thing. It has a big purple amethyst rock at the top of the staff. I get a little shield also made out of beetle.


Dragons and Kevdak shared one common trait: arrogance. In your previous dealings with this dragon, did it ever speak down to you?


I'll say-- I feel my weaknesses in my heart, and I know where they lie, and I definitely know they exist. And I-- Nothing in this agreement tempts me. I have temptations, but they are not in this contract.


Stay out of sight, but get as close as we can.


Like fiery candles, maybe?


Oh yes, Matthew! Do us right! Ooh!


I'm probably next to Percy.


We like the look of you. We have a good job and big money.


Towards the bog.


Just do it, Keyleth!


Well, let's hope so. (laughter)


As I see her do this, I am going to alter myself to have the same.


Why, are they on me?


Jester?


We go along the lake, then off to the edge, and then we're going to give the horse a slap and send him off past--


What's a tabard?


Okay, I'm going to Invoke Duplicity.


About two days.


A little sticky.


It is?


Give me shit, and then take off on your own.


Pew pew.


It was hidden by a lava flow.


No, he's fine. And I am.


Yeah, Keyleth!


Oh, right. Sunglasses.


Assassin's Creed.


Saving throw, sorry I was looking at the wrong place. That's correct. 25.


Was it the north, the east, or the west manor?


Do you remember the description of any of the items from your stories?


Nope, this is my second.


Not the Tomb Takers, that was the splinter group, right?


Ah, Mr. Caleb, you don't really look in the state to travel, really. I mean, just to point it out, you've taken a bit of a beating today.


I take off sullenly towards the trees.


You look like Doc Brown exploded, I don't know what to do.


I'm just screaming in their face like a manic pixie. (screams)


You also see me against a wall right next to you.


Your last one?


I would've burned the bread and then I couldn't eat it. It's simple.


I do it again. It's good!


You're crazy!


Yep, and I'll call out, I need a lift! I will bonus action 2nd-level Healing Words myself.


It's coming tomorrow.


Critical Role goes to the beach.


What other pyramids have we seen, though? Have we seen any other--


Don't say that! That's really rude. I saw them. They were over there, they had cloaks on and I saw them! What if they can sense us and they know that we have the thing that they're looking for? I keep looking at them to see if they notice us.


I grab Nott and say  Can I pick you up?


Aren't we--oh. Oh!


She is quite pale. It's hard to tell.


Did you rage?


Northeast to Shadycreek Run.


I'm ready. I've eaten a lot of things today.


Of course we will.


Being without a shower has been a bit of a tragedy.


We've been doing therapy talks for two and a half hours, Matt has to wake up now. We're on combat.


It's hard to read this quickly.


I thought there was lava--


We're fighting the demons in your head.


Call back to earlier discussion. And nobody knows.


I'm not entirely sure. I remember getting thrown overboard, the waves overtaking me. It was a hell of a fight, and I'm a real good swimmer, but you’d come up for air one second and your mouth would be full of salt water the next. I remember losing track of which way was up. It's funny, when you're underwater and it's dark, the only way to tell which way is towards the surface is by blowing bubbles. I did that as hard as I could with all the air that was in my lungs and those bubbles disappeared. I remember it stinging, filling my chest and the next thing I knew, I was face-down on the shore.


Is Kymal bigger or smaller than Westruun?


Even though he's trapped?


That's really disgusting.


Oh, it hasn't been time.


I think maybe a little time spent in our company, as opposed to your father's company, would not be the worst idea.


I have a plus ten!


You didn't seem that excited, though.


We're all attached to him, though!


Yes, please. I have no other options.


Stings.


Everyone's so nice. I barely believe it's the internet.


I tell them everything I read.


High-five Keyleth on the way in.


Is it going to work?


Yeah, he's great, he gives me money and food and mutton.


We got tape. We got glue. We got everything.


At the door, press foreheads together and I go, I'm going to pretend like I'm not drunk.


We all look great and lose five pounds.


Okay, then I still attack him. But wait, will I do damage to Trinket, then, still on the ground, unconscious?


You didn't Frankenstein, make that triumphant bastard into life.


As a gadfly, can I really quickly buzz in front of him?


I really can't get a bead on you.


Maybe we'll go stealth... well, can a tree see us? I dunno. Let's go stealth.


Did it drag Percy through the air?


Behir.


Well, I got the ring and the bracers that I need to get checked out, see what they are.


Well, I'm using my other hand, since technically I have two attacks, it's not two--


Five minutes or less.


Oh, uh, hold on. Two. What's 28 to hit? Nah, wouldn't hit 28. Never mind. 'Cause I'm blessed but it's not much--


Okay, so what was the total, sorry?


How far away is the camp from that?


Caleb and I.


That'd be smart.


Nott, do you want to walk on top of the water for a bit and keep an eye for anything underneath the surface?


I'm going to pull her behind, so we're both behind that pillar.


Put them in a bright color, put a happy mask on them or something, so people know they're nice.


Hodor.


We are allies, all, yes?


I drink out of that.


What if we used Seeming and made one of us seem like Lady Briarwood?


We have that really nice high grass, right?


(chuckles) What is this stick?


Constitution check?


Blood pudding.


39 plus three, so 42. You get 42 hit points.


I know. I'll keep that off, then, for now.


I feel like the Grey Hunt is something really terrible and you just haven't told me.


We'll give you Antarctica, okay? It's really cold there.


There must be so many arcane things down there that we will discover and bring to you upon finding them.


We have a horse.


I'm sort of a halfling. Can I get on too?


I don't know what I'm supposed to do now!


Everyone, I guess, who's within 30 range of me, I'm going to do a wind blast, and we all turn into poofy cloud versions of ourselves.


Yeah, so it's the same  right up against him or five feet back. Same same! If you move away, he's gonna take a swing. I'm not saying any of this, I'm just thinking it, furiously.


Pentamarket. Would the Pentamarket also have the finest inks und parchment?


We could still take a similar approach and just have-- We've already decided we're going to have two teams to be on two separate ends to do the slidey-- The hingey maneuver. And then have a third team that's K'Varn distraction duty.


Liam is very different than Caleb.


29, with five points of necrotic damage.


I'm going to read off some titles.


All right, well, I'm going to run in the room.


Yeah, lights off.


But the implication is  You really don't.


We may need you to clean up for us later.


We met a bear.


Heal her.


How are things?


Of course, yes.


Let's scry ourselves a chain devil.


You can't really sing underwater, so how's that work?


She's not marked for death, she was marked for death, it's just awkward. It's awkward. I'm not a full-fledged member, they don't like me. I don't like them!


8 hours, all right.


We kicked its ass.


Don't hold back.


I'm afraid it might slow us down.


We did a job as extras together on a set.


Four plus two is six. (Sam sings along with dramatic music)


All of those sound like bad ideas.


Because he's the god of secrets?


(sing-song) Okay, well goodnight then!


You remembered the word.


Good idea. I like that.


Good question. If only the person in here with me was also of gnome size. Oh wait! She is. We'll Dimension Door out.


I pick up the cloak and move it outside the orb's influence to see if it has any effect.


My father, as I told you, has threatened to give the entire legacy of his estate to my sister because he doesn't feel that I am ready to take the reins. I'm not strong enough, and I'm not vicious enough. But it's more than that. He caught me with a teacher, a tutor, once.


Yeah, pull up the shingles.


Our compliments on your work. It is truly spectacular.


If no one sees us kill him, how will we be arrested?


I've been promoted since then. I'm now a supervisor of-- it was a ruse. I apologise for it.


That's fucking brilliant. I hand her the gold and say, Scanlan sends his regards.


Can I get all the way over to the bookcase?


What about your diamond?


Slide that a little bit down.


I don't think it has anything to do with the way you looked.


Just for now, though.


Clean blood. Feel yourself tempted?


He's between 25 and 100.


Should we leave?


Oh, right. That's true. We'll find out.


That sounds terrible.


Currently, 81 as a planetar.


Yeah. On the way back. On the way back.


No, it's really not. But his name might rhyme with Pan Me.


Did you hear that? Astute.


You guys peaced out pretty quickly.


True blood.


Pus.


I'm proud of you!


He needs some help!


No, I've been looking at the snake this entire time.


Yeah, I'm wise; I'm not smart. There's a difference.


We go by her hovel.


You're how I found Cute Emergency.


And get your Joe Mad poster!


I leave it to you.


Shopping montage.


What are the other ones?


Like two-nine. Not two nines, but two-nine.


But you don't know what he looks like.


Shut up, you.


I like it! Get some of that shit back.


That does not hit. I'm going to really quickly also do a second wind.


Leaning my back against the wall.


I'm going to insight check Patrick.


So cool! This is awesome, Matt!


I know. Okay? I know. I'm looking for them too.


It helps me so much.


No more Oskar for you.


Oh no! Oh my god, if I kill someone again! (laughter)


No, no, it doesn't. No.


Were there creatures?


Said Vex.


I guess I'm going to-- this is so lame. It's so stupid because Cure Wounds isn't going to do enough to fix me to where if he hits me, I'm still going to go down!


I'm sure a lot of you guys heard about the man that was shamed on the internet.


He kicked his cat so hard!


That was super smart though.


Is there anything to tie the Robe of Infinite Twine onto?


It's me. Don't back up into a tree--


But, listen. I do love you, I will always love you, even in death, and thank you for telling me that and-- I hope it doesn't come to that, but if it does, that makes me feel a little bit better about things.


It's halfway. I think Kraghammer is in between us and Emon.


Where's the closest Erewhon?


No, you're absolutely right. He is handsome, and he could do much better than a little freakshow like me. He could meet any girl in town and sweep her off her feet.


That's interesting.


That's such a dick question to ask.


It's just old business. It would be very interesting to see them again.


There's no way we can cheat! Because the ante's already on the table!


You're right. We do protect our own. That's absolutely true.


Don't we need to pay them more?


(dolphin chittering)


Hydroponics. No ground, just grow it above.


I found a jewel. It's red. It looks pretty neato.


Matt, can he hold a lance, or is that violating some-- he's not allowed to hold weapons.


Yeah, I take the breastplate part of my leather armor off and leave it with you.


Trinket stays with the group. Trinket, stay with Grog.


Yeah, like a credit card in the side of the thing. Like a crowbar. That was crap.


Yes, the items!


Yeah, I know. 17?


Your poo power may come in very handy. This is good to know.


Like ridiculously nervous.


I'd like sleep somewhere comfortable.


We need to plan.


How do you get the beans above the franks?


Yeah, well, probably. Do you just get one wish? Because I could be a littler taller, a little buffer.


Or tunnel back.


More than double, that means it could be one thousand. 'Cause anything is more than double.


So what's our last question?


I'm, as Matt would say, looking rough.


Oh, I don't wanna fight Hotis on the ocean.


D&D Beyond, where did you go? Oh, that's good! 23.


No, I dropped it. You are in peak physical condition, your guns are amazing. I can't do what you do. I can't run into it, of course. I'm 100 yards back, because I'm thin as a wet toilet paper.


Yeah, I like split someone's lip.


Okay, can I try something?


Okay, so you are going to need a constitution saving throw.


Hey, I'm really hungry, can we have that fucking Feast now?


Yeah, we've got to get Hunger Games with this shit. Defend the cornucopia of loot!


He doesn't like this.


It's up. Yeah, he's got it.


(gasps) Can we mist underwater? Can farts travel underwater?


Hang on. Irena.


You're going to be one of those Segway assholes now!


I guess he's not coming on our show, jeez.


All right, we start walking back to Whitestone.


Going up on a Thursday!


Normally when we do Mother's Love, Nott stabs people.


Ah, really?


One of them's around my neck.


I don't have a bonus or anything, right? That was everything?


Well, because I want to make the Traveler like me again, because obviously he doesn't and that's why he didn't come save me. I'm going to use these two weeks to scout out all of the temples to the other gods and really see the guard schedules and the priest schedules and try to sneak in. I'll probably enlist the help of Nott here.


I feel like we might've-- I feel like that's not also the first time we've heard of Ank'Harel.


Yeah. I don't think I can't do anything else.


Do you have a bonus?


I'm only four feet from the door? Oh.


No, because what if we need-- someone else--


Yeah, the fuck you don't. I'm going to go to my room now and see if I splat on the floor.


Well, you might as well make another one. I'm not going to let my friend experience it alone.


Well, step into camera if you're going to make such a big to-do. Come in and say hi, and then get out. You already pulled Wil out of the picture.


Stinking Cloud is concentration?


Hey, you guys!


Oh, that angle is not going to be kind to those trees.


I think Pike's playlist is up right now.


Shit might get really weird now.


It's just a walk!


The duck knew that?


But she's not here.


I know. I'm sorry.


So it's not hump day but we're not quite waiting for the weekend yet?


That was really good, guys!


We can still check it out.


Sure you don't want stay here and shop around some more? Okay!


Well, I feel it is fairly obvious, but okay, as you were.


and LAURA  We're fine.


But we didn't know, and if there's--


Oh, I can't go around him?


(quietly) Dick. (louder) Sorry, what?


Salt and pepper, Steven Seagal!


What is your weapon of choice, Lyra?


If it was that interesting, why can't you remember it?


Why didn't I buy one of those?


But it was like three years, Trinket was by your side. This is the first time ever.


Okay, this should be fun. We're all standing around with our thumbs up our asses.


He has one more legendary action. One more legendary resistance.


I mean, unless you want to be airplaned up by an invisible bear.


Okay, I will release my arrow bolt. That's not good, 14?


I mean, it's on the way.


His brain is just geometry.


Well you know, I do a little mimicry here and there. We should look, come on. Check the grounds. Maybe we can find where the bodies are laying.


It can't use reactions!


You're a liar!


That was me.


I need to get a wand.


I could try. Can I check it out and see if it's cursed?


I am Kashaw Vesh, an acolyte. Here I am, waiting for you for so long now. Do I have to travel with them the entire time?


You go. I'm the one who's good at harvesting.


Have the ones downstairs already left?


Insight-check that bitch!


That's just a d10, where are my d10s? That's nine points of damage.


Oh. It's not happening anymore.


Do I know her name? Did I get a name?


Is your real name Peter?


Three temples?


At your will, yeah.


On everything?


We wait until they are just below us. I cast Slow on them, and then we murder them.


Yeah, Greatsword of Frenzy, yeah. Whatever. And you said, a ring?


What's Vecna planning? How many of them are there?


I said it's time for a family reunion, Grog. Are you ready for that, or do you want to put that off a bit?


Yeah, how do you know?


I've gone out on my own to seek my fortune--


Are we leaving?


I'm stoned.


Get the guards out and run? So who are we leaving back with the sticks?


Sure. You know where to find us. What?


Okay. Sure, that's 27.


As a dragon-favored enemy, could I guesstimate what those winged creatures are that would hang out around dragons?


By the way, I'm here, but I'm also there.


I'll make a copy of it, I'll make a copy of it.


They went away?


We still have Pass Without a Trace up. I just cast it because of that whale.


I'm not really good at the people thing.


Is that where I am?


No, let's try the other door first.


Oh, great. So since I won the last round, I get to play first, because I am the greatest detective. And I got a Catwoman, which means I think I'm interested in Bane's hand. Whatcha got, Bane? You got crap, is what he's got.


We also have an unseen servant.


I'm actually going to go ahead and throw Guidance on Pike now.


Not surprised.


They're like "Eh, knowledge, means you're like powerful or something."


Fair enough. Shall we call it just after noon tomorrow?


I'm so excited, this is great.


15, Grog.


I could only imagine a barrier of this size of a construct can be quite taxing on one's physical energy.


But Keyleth, Uriel is the law, and the law is now corrupt.


How about Grog in second place? You big sponge.


A city of krakens.


-- of the Grey Hunt, totally. Hey, that makes sense.


(tearily) I'm going to try to drag Caleb away from the fire, behind Yasha.


As the crow swims.


I saw you were going--


Totally. It will be a squirrel figurine on this, next to the feather. It'll be really pretty, okay. There we go. (poof)


What about 150?


Don't eat it!


The Nestled Nook.


I would've had to, like, specify?


Changing it around.


That could be you, but you're not going to be there. You'll still stay behind?


I hear.


In your heart.


If it's all vampires, it'll be empty right now.


Okay. Fuck. Can I stay where I was at, then?


Matt, you did a great job.


Or it's behind us and waiting until we get in its room.


Who's holding onto the broken-off hilt?


Or, if we're serious about returning Cleff with his (tongue click), might as well see if we can get a little extra friend or two out.


(jingling)


Cannibal zombie dwarves.


No, I am not--


Yeah, the tokens.


(screams as though falling)


Huh. Is there a blueprint somewhere?


We know Lay on Hands and some such.


We don't hear them speaking, we don't hear them doing anything?


That is a glaive.


It's true, Scanlan, they did help a lot in that regard.


That was quick. (all laugh)


Including the poo.


Would, would any advantage to wisdom under Enhance Ability help some?


Listen. If there's a man invented who can go to where shit is made and make some really good shit, that's me. So let's pursue this. As a plan B.


Oh yeah, just Caleb. She's still up.


Yep, you're right about that. Stay away from all men. Forever.


Like an interrogation room? Like one-way mirror type of thing?


Also, I don't think that's the main issue. They're very strict at the gate for who gets in, and some of us might not have a problem, but more than one of us might.


Oh no, he rolled a one! Oh no, this was a fan gift.


That's the plan. That's the intention.


You're the one behind the whole plot! You did it!


Jesus! Maybe I jump overboard.


As long as being animals isn't going to make us a mid-day snack, versus being Ravenites.


Yeah, no, I just asked them.


I will just walk by him and go down into the hidey-hole.


Oh god, really? He gets advantage because he's awesome.


Then I'm going to use one of my two actions, I'm using an action to Disengage from the bone devil and dance back past Doty.


Kuma.


(whispering) I think we should go down.


Automatic death fail.


I'm proud of you for that. Hopefully that'll be the first good roll you've made tonight.


I'm sorry, Your Highness, but I need to know. The idea is if, I can step off on the carpet, and hang with you guys, then Grog you can float down to the whatchamacallit, and take Vax here, then I can, oh shit, I need to be near you to cast it, damn it! (all laugh)


What happens to magical creatures when they enter the circle? Have we experimented at all to find out what would happen to a magical creature? A creature whose very essence is magic?


Cages of bad guys.


Caduceus is an interesting one.


(singing to the tune of "Moon River") Ball eater.


Good day to you. Let's go. Doty, come.


Have I recovered at all to shoot again? Have I recovered enough to shoot at her again?


I put up the stage, I move things around. I'm very strong. But I don't do anything in the show.


Yeah, I'll lead Horris to our room and let him get comfortable. I'll be back.


Well. It seems to have worked.


It's my best asset.


Is that also a three?


Start there. I should be able to Tree Stride us right there. Right?


Yeah. I'm going to move me towards Caleb.


And then it's gone forever.


You're going to do great! [break]


All right, well, let's get something to eat, then.


Hell yes!


No obvious weak points on the cart or anything?


Bellybutton.


I'm on the other side of the rock but I can hear you.


I'm foreign!


Yes, we could.


Coin, Percival, coin.


Wow, I'm taking a second, and I see that Vax is getting attacked, and I'm gonna just take a shot at the-- The guy with the hammer. The biggest thing I see.


Are you going to be raising Arizona?


It's not hard to get a little bit of ore. I'm just going to pick up some.


Yeah. I'll be right back. Nott!


I float on my broom.


I take half damage because I'm swallowing the spell.


I was going to ask, are you good with the coffin?


It's "mar-quiz."


This is not going to be a fight of 13 people.


Burt Reynolds, do it.


It wasn't a house. It was a prison.


Well, it's a curved sword. So not the curved ones. But I could probably do a straight sword. I'm not going to swallow a curved sword! That would be very complicated to pull off.


I can get that. I'm interested.


The ten goes down to five. Okay, great. Okay, for my final trick, I am frenzied. That's going to be good. That's going to be a 29.


(grumbles) (laughter)


Frederick de Rolo.


We just got swindled yesterday.


If I see a creature running at any of us, I'm going to throw.


An angel?


Either that or we lose our shithole guide.


Wait. No, it is. Sorry.


What is happening? Why is there a remote control?


Look out, giant red dragons.


I sometimes will talk to the fourth wall. It's a thing; ignore it.


Do I see any tracks that look like they could have been from an elf, an old guy with some battle scars.


Take it. Thank you, sir.


Okay. Because it's legendary--


I’m sure it is.


Okay. And they live as long as the Beacon lives too?


Your instinct-- that was a low blow. That was a low blow.


(scoffs) Hack.


Well, you're lucky that I stayed right here so that you intercepted me, because if I had wandered off ten, 15 feet this may have never happened.


Hypnotic Pattern? What is that?


Yes. They'll be very wonderful to him. I can't find it.


Mary-Anne.


Don't tear it! (laughter)


Always Frumpkin, yeah.


And we leave.


No, we're preparing all of our forces at Fort Daxio.


We've been fighting silently.


(as Halas) Have you put on weight?


Let's go with that.


Come on, come on, come on.


He left all his shit-- his armor he's wearing, but all his other shit was left around?


Wing or leg shot. I'm sorry, that's a-- Actually, I'm sorry, I have the new sheet.


Is it ready to go, though?


So then we want people to come into the temple at that point.


We should go check it out before we go to bed, swing by on a broom or something.


From your butt? What did you pull out of your butt?


I'm going to go over to Grog.


Start post. She's watching the chat room guys, so just start...


20 again. 12 plus eight.


They do actually, yeah. I've got to feed them some, well-- it's complicated. I don't like to go too deep into it, but I've got to use my bloodline on occasion. Actually, since we're already on the road, I should be honest, I wasn't entirely telling the truth when I talked to you that night.


Can I see if anybody is watching right now?


Before I go to sleep, I'm going to politely ask any of the fish and things that are in the ocean to let us know if there's trouble up ahead. If they would be so kind.


I will buy--


He's engaged, by the way, with Bigby's Hand.


Catatonic.


There's nobody breaking the chain? I'm going to move six points in the direction of Delilah because I'm going to bring her with me because I don't want that dead body there. Do I make it in six moves? And while I'm running, just for fucking fun, I'm going to take three shots at that armor, and I'm going to push him the fuck back, if that's okay. I'm going to push that knight back. I'm going to try and do a force push.


Get him out of here. I walk past them, towards the office where the doctor is.


No, if you're infected with evil, we might have to--


You have questions for me?


Somewhere in the world right now, someone's laughing.


It's all up to the deck.


And we can heal up, right?


What are you going to do after?


I've almost died. You have died.


Quit putting your sex toys on the desk, man. Keep them underneath.


Six big points, six big points.


Why? Are you not going to--


You were so much fun!


Vex is the girl one. Vax is the boy.


You should show him.


Oh, it seems like there's trouble over there. (group laughs) What has Grog gotten himself into?


I make a precision attack, so I can add one more die to the roll.


No Englishmen.


I got in trouble for saying it was yours.


Maybe he just punched them a couple times.


Okay, it's 30.


What are you at?


I'm also gonna spend a point for additional damage. And I'm also taking Sharpshooter for additional damage.


Ornna's in the tent with us.


No acid.


Oh yeah, I put them in my coat. Don't worry, they're fine.


We're all hanging back.


Dex?


That's half-ish.


No, she's not.


I know! That was a shit roll. Nine.


You want me to help seduce Avantika.


From Trinket.


You tried.


I have it. I have the eyeball in the box.


She had already-- Zahra had volunteered.


No, okay. God. Six.


How did Hotis know to find us here?


They saw me as a cat.


Why don't we each take a direction?


Then you can get out.


Oh. No.


Yes, movement is fine for all of the group.


Man, you made me burn a Grit. That sucks.


He could be spying on us around the keep.


Okay. I want to try to grab it again. Grab it from the inside and try to pull it off of the mast.


We'll also post this in text form somewhere because I don't think anyone was listening.


(whispers) Lots and lots of spiders. Is that going to make noise?


Yeah, getting the good shit right now.


Yes. That was a long time ago.


Oh no, six.


Giant dwarven air quotes.


I want to go in.


Especially Scanlan. He's probably really concerned.


I'm grappled, so.


(mocking) Prize.


Not the beholder?


Exactly. Or the bathtub.


You're mad-dogging the dragon?


Do you think they're sending people to get it there before you?


You're not buying today?


Dang. I think that's a good way to start.


Yeah, Skeletor!


Go to the black dragon lair, then go to Draconia, then spend a night there.


There's been some friction, but we're still here.


I'm just going to rush in.


I know. I just. (groans) I've had feelings for someone for a long time, but maybe they're slowly fading. I don't know.


Anywhere where I can duck and cast Disguise Self really fast?


What did we do up there?


When was the last time you played?


Well, I think it's reasonable to be angry.


If you do, bring all of this stuff so he can actually do something useful.


I'll start working on that.


If you burn its web it will do the same thing.


Great minds think alike, though, Jester.


Apple juice.


Something was giving off an arcane aura before we came in here, but I cannot see it now, so if you indulge me and give me ten minutes, I will--


I do. Which I've never had to use.


All right. I want like a crazy eye in my Seeming.


That's why he's an asshole now.


They're not dead.


We have plenty left.


Oh, thank god.


Yeah. Hidden.


Oh, plus four, so 11!


Oh, it's just nine.


Save Grog. Save Grog!


Yeah. Use the Colville die, the meteorite. It's pretty good. It's 29.


Mm-hm?


Why me?


If not, we try and survive one more round for you to get it in. I'm nervous I'm going to fuck this thing up.


I'm trying to speak in character, all right?


Bring your most expensive frosty glass of ale.


And we wonder why people hate us.


Oh really, with it oozing out and everything?


That made my eyes water and not in a good way.


Actually, Percy, do you know-- I know you can build things and make things wonderful.


Or like--


Okay, that's fine.


He's trying to puke you up?


It's apples and peaches, so you know.


Is there one?


Half now, half upon--


Hi! There's more of us now!


Good thing you took that beard off because it had bells and shit in it.


We can hire them to kill a red dragon.


He's got a sound system.


Are we down?


I don't accept this as a closed contract.


Did the ship sink?


I know. We were in London two days ago.


Plus, there's water.


Periapt of wound closure. It just feels right that it's with you.


Probably, yes.


All right. Can't stabilize yet, but at least there's a-- okay.


Unseelie Court.


And there's air queefing in and out of this slot? (laughter)


And the father went out the other way? All right, so I creep back out the window and I go out the front and I knock really loud on the front door.


Deafened?


So wait, does he get a bigger or higher AC? What is that?


While we're out there, I'm going to check--


Little bossa nova.


Okay. And the third question?


Yeah, I see it.


10.


Wait, read it again.


So I take your hand, and I'm watching them from above.


Yeah, I'm doggy-paddling through the air.


It's clean. It's perfectly reasonable.


And, just so you guys know, I've been discussing with what Vex knows about it as well. I think, from what he said, it's like a bunch of shapes come out, and we would all have to fight them.


We can read that!


Am I silenced?


I'm in the Deathwalker's Ward. (all laugh)


Oh, you got it? Okay.


Oh, a plus seven. So 13.


Well, I mean-- you seem like a relatively normal-looking person.


Man, oh man--


My armor. Wow, good fucking deal. Okay.


What else we got?


I will drop the form of Grog.


Oh no, I only have two, right? Ten.


Oh, yeah. She's the dragon god. She?


Yeah, no, go down and save them, honestly, because I'm staying up top for right now, unless we can teleport out.


Does the barrier block sound and visuals?


Scanlan Two is okay. He made a 17. Scanlan One had a one.


That time it's a three.


On me?


I agree with you.


Wait! Should we see if we can get Pike first?


Okay, my first shot, taking a wing shot.


I can reassign my Hunter's Mark to him now?


I will move a step towards Lyra.


I'm dragging the bodies going, Duchess! Duchess Stacy, please come over to me! Duchess Stacy!


Roll one at a time.


All right. And also, while you were captured, I flipped through your book. It's excellent work. If there were an art school or something, you should send it in.


Hold on a tick. How much can you lift, Grog?


Wow, I'm feeling so fast.


(quietly) We did do that.


Oh, attack him.


He apparently left us with the flying carpet?


Over your other cloaks.


Just say thank you, Percival.


I can't turn an action to a bonus action?


Yeah, that's all right.


Well, then I'll go to Vasselheim and I'll wait outside.


We are stealthed.


And did it look like the same figure?


I say yeah.


It's propaganda.


Yeah, okay. Then I would like to look exactly like I do, however, the clothing that I'm wearing is a shade of blue that is similar, but not identical, to the robes that I have seen people from the library of the Cobalt Soul. A similar blue and very large coke bottle glasses. My eyes go all fish-eyed. Everything else is the same.


They chose that shit?


Wisdom disadvantage save. I have Cutting Words-ed him.


Tickets are still available online, post the link right now in the chat, someone, please. (laughter)


I did. It's on the table, though, so I think on the table it will stay.


Takes a lot of stupid.


I can do that. 24.


They've been through so much.


I'm the best I've ever been. Don't worry about me. Worry about us.


He is going to stay there.


I just thought you said my name, is all.


Have you ever heard the name Briarwood before?


Yes, for quite some time.


Well, I did it anyway.


Yes! No! I can still move? Right?


(singing) a plate.


Good night, Shaun.


Let's swing by the baddies' house and just see what's going on?


Me? But I'm just a man! Yeah, of course that hits.


It's not giant or anything.


Molly-- Excuse me, Lucien.


I fly up and I grab Pike down from the tree. Can I do that?


I've got a lot on my mind right now, Percy!


I'm going fast.


Really? Okay, where's he again? All I see is mountains. Oh, I see, you put the yellow ring around him? And Kima's to the right of him?


And it could be a thousand feet down.


Yeah, but he was really powerful.


I don't know a lot, but there's the Lavish Chateau.


Why don't you wait until we're upstairs?


Let us whoop the everloving shit out of the inside of this kraken, Reckless, everything. Yeah. Just all three attacks, just hitting it--


All right, sweet. I am, too.


The skulls. I'm faster. (laughter)


No, I wouldn't.


Yes, great, grand success, by a mile, just totally a success.


Uh-huh.


We're gods! (vomit sound) Unreal. Couldn't write it.


Those fairies are so spread out. I thought they would all be together.


Inelegant, but perfect.


I have some pastries, too, if you like sweets.


What about basilisk eggs?


34. (laughter)


Punch her in the face!


Can I aid her in this bit of camouflage?


I fart. (all laugh)


Okay, I'm going to hold Slow for one side of the group if I decide they're a threat, if they sound like a threat.


I don't like that last part.


It's hilarious.


All right. I'll start thinking about what we can do.


We heard that before, right?


Can we play longer?


Yeah. That's the one I know. It's a tried and true classic.


Throw ice?


You've got to do yes or no.


Oh. Those are big and scary.


There is a comma. There is a comma! I know what I'm talking about, get in there.


No, don't lick. Don't lick.


How long will this take, Keyleth?


Tiberius, you haven't voted!


Hey, Jester. What if we take him and we pose him, and we put a drawing around him just in case anybody else finds him, and maybe they think there's something wrong with this guy? A sign? I don't know.


Or eat fecal matters.


Unless you're in Japan.


If you could let them know that we're going to make one last venture into the ship and then we'll be on our way.


Thanks Mr. Clay and Jester.


Great, cool, great. I'm fine and I'm just going to keep going.


Why'd you make that face?


You have a success!


I hope he wasn't very mean to you.


Grog and Vex. No, I'm here to annoy Vex by smacking her bear around, and she's here to tell me not to kill myself. "Don't jump into the crevasse, it's 1000 feet deep."


No one.


That's the most Scanlan thing I could have ever hoped for.


Your son has been captured?


This is fucking unexpected; the skies were pretty clear.


We should maybe talk to the people of Terrah? It's not that late.


I'm going to take 80 feet--


Just let me do it. I know I'll get it in.


I'm going to continue my two steps towards Grog, since he was my first destination, and do Greater Restoration and unpetrify him.


I was waiting for that.


Cool, so that's 11, so that's 16.


Skinky doodie, that is unique. I'm sure no one else has possession of that arcane power word. I could consider it yours if you focused on it all day tomorrow. But you really have to focus.


Does it even have anything in it?


Sure, I'm going to try to scry through my poo.


Were you here when the attack happened?


Whose turn is next?


Plus, we would love to pay for your crossbow, but we're currently light.


Chicken heart.


How's the weather in New York?


Can I Uncanny Dodge?


Yes, he did. He took 15 points of extra damage, halved. 18, 21, 22, 23, 30 points of damage, plus five psychic damage, and he's going to take 15 points of damage, plus three psychic damage next round.


Well, you stole the boots.


I need a pan, or something!


Shall we take this to the council then?


You as well. I notice your dress is quite lovely. It doesn't look like a fashion that I'm used to seeing. Where do you hail from originally?


I mean, it's how we see you.


I'll be like, "We're getting the fuck out of here. Shove off!"


I am as well. Is it everything you thought it would be?


So I'm resistant to fire, but this is boiling oil, does that count?


No--


You could give him five pounds of dragon scales.


I'll go for the further one.


But slightly bigger.


They're technically both equidistant from you.


I take out the javelin of lightning.


No, I want to do the Frantic Flail.


Yeah, let's do it. Let's help him.


When you're in the mood.


Yes, yep.


Sure. I follow the crowd.


I'm going to hold my action for--


It was if he landed on it.


The abilities that I happen to be very good at would be even better.


Yes, of course, work, that's what we're doing.


No, that's fine, because remember, I'm me. So that is, that's a 25.


One of us, in theory, should actually perhaps take the carpet so we can put Doty on the carpet.


Hopefully you're super asleep.


I seemed to waltz through it.


Where did he sit in here?


Could I put my hand in the water? Just a (doot).


But I'm probably not going to hit, because it's got an amazing AC.


It smells really nice.


Some call me Scanlan. Some just call me when they want a good time. (laughter)


What's the next city up?


Behind Trinket, I want to be close to Pike still.


This is a saving throw, or--?


Would she be able to hear us?


And I throw Scanlan up.


Heavy metal lollipop.


(whisper) Shh. Go to sleep.


I'll do Healing Word at a second level.


(laughs) Once this blessing ability is used, it can't be used again for seven days.


You'll feel better once Scanlan and I have dissolved.


What is it? I've never done this before!


Just a toss while standing at Bigby's Hand?


The whole thing put together.


Not a problem! (grunting) Keyleth, catch!


Next thing out of my mouth, that's a promise.


No, we don't, no.


Yes. Closer to the gnomes.


Right. All right here's the deal, if everyone's fine?


Do we know where that guy is?


It's the Debbie Downer SNL sketch.


I'm 50 points down, and I burned both of my shape change. Who else is down far?


But my strength is a one, so I'm horrified.


You got this, Pike.


But whenever I Beast Shape I absorb my items.


I feel like I didn't need to be in there anymore. You know. I don't-- ugh.


We're not going into-- What if we can just attack from the roof? From the opening in the roof.


Will your cousin understand that we have a bigger battle to fight?


But you've got this new guy, and he seems really-- He's very handsome.


Okay, let's see, that's 11.


It's touch, to hit plus five. So I have to roll.


Yeah. We pull the trigger on one, we pull the trigger on all of them.


Were the bodies on top or were the bodies down below?


Thank you. Okay, that's all, good night. What?


Nope. That is a natural one. Which gives me a zero.


Give a little spit, so people know you're coming.


Swim over.


Sorry, Non--Nongatek.


For my second attack, I'm going to regular attack him. Oh my god. Just going to regular attack him.


Good, good, good.


(whispers) Lots of spiders. Lots. I'm going to cast Protection From Poison on myself.


No, that's fine, enjoy. I give her a wink and I go back to the table.


Well, I was just thinking we could--


Aw, Vax, you didn't get a chance to say anything to him. I've talked to him about this. He has his eyes out on you.


Quite distracted.


You just killed my brother.


Did she say brand?


200. And an acknowledgement and compliment to your stunning hair. I'm attempting to flirt very poorly.


Do I recognize any symbols or anything?


I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Sorry, I’m nervously playing with it.


Wait, 42?


Does he like pies?


Also did my Control Water--


86 to me?


I completely forgot that happened last time. Of all the tactical things I watched.


What's in the cwosswoads?


Yeah, who wouldn't want to go to Sweden?


Let's get out of here. All right, we're setting this damn house on fire?


Undead dwarves.


I think you've done enough gambling for today.


Is that true, no armor?


We don't want to die either.


That's d10?


Before they leave and we all go our respective ways, I go: All right, listen. Rich people love to have safes, but they love to hide stuff in the walls of safes, like false bottoms in drawers. Stuff like that.


So it's 9d6.


Be ready to attack tomorrow morning. We're going to deliver a giant beast for the dragon to hunt, and that her people should be ready to strike. That's it.


No, what are you going to do? Ancient white dragon. Someone's going to get knocked unconscious.


Would I have noticed that before swimming 30 feet out?


Wait, Kima, Kima! You don't hear anything when you use that, do you? Like voices or someone talking to you or--


"Very sweet person."


Keyleth, put your hand up.


And is it a good witch, or a bad witch?


Maybe they don't even speak our language. It's possible.


Yeah, I like the idea of the Kord bean, but I really want to go to bed.


Okay, good. I think Nott and I are going to retire now. Maybe you can go get that food for the others.


Just in case she booby trapped this ship, search the hull, search her quarters, search everything.


Plus you got us new armor out of it.


What if it stops this thing where it stands? We're all thinking that this thing could be its heart.


(gasps) That's exciting!


Why did it get so scary? [break]


That one as well.


So it wants competition.


(high-pitched fart noise)


Oh, that's my turn.


I'm going to see if I can see what this is from underneath the water. I'll be back. And I swan-dive off of the edge and into the water.


Devil sticks?


(chanting) Shitty dice!


Indeed, we could provide some extra muscle, perhaps for some lodging while we stay and maybe we could aid your men and their efforts to exterminate this foe.


Making biscuits!


Been out for a week.


To throw me.


It's the brew that's true.


That backpack's almost as big as my dice bag.


"These powers remain within your possession until death! The recipient--" that's us, "-- agrees to immediately lock the claim and ownership of the everlasting soul of the recipient, invoking the laws of the pact primeval, under the control and dominance of the scribe for all eternity, sending the soul of the recipient immediately upon death to the scribe to do with as they see fit."


Well, you know what, we're on our way to do just that thing.


Hold on. I’m just going to roll the first attack, because I’m stupid. Great. 12 for the first because I forgot to Hunter’s Mark him because I’m a genius because I’m just so worked up because my brother’s in trouble.


Three plus psychic damage is four plus this junk. (counting) 33, doubled to 66 plus psychic damage is 74. Bamf there.


Yeah. I'm going to take out an arrow.


Percival, I trust you implicitly. You have earned that trust. Do you believe them to be evil in the purest sense?


It was a circle.


You need some pastries, but we'd need somewhere else.


I smack her on her little gelatin back and say, good work, Pike.


We have to ask him some questions. But we have to leave, right?


Throw it on the cart as we're leaving.


Does she have to-- in the levitation boots, can you move?


Do we have a little bag we can put the jewels in?


I kind of want to collapse this cave.


Yeah. I mean, for fear of your life you ran?


21. With one point of necrotic damage.


No, I rubbed peanut butter all over my chest. (laughs)


Caleb, do you want--?


I don't like this place.


Shit. Fuck. Nine?


No, look at the weird algae shit on my paintbrush now.


What is the diameter of this?


But not before we were overrun with a bunch of evil brothers of his.


Okay, so we could take the flying carpet down. A couple of people could fly. We can take the flying carpet down.


I'll do second.


We all do it, we all do it.


And one fucking cultist?


All right. Business is business. Thank you!


I'll use my movement to run over to the deckhand and be like: You're okay now!


Nott, do you know how to swim?


Anything else?


Bigger than the blue, bigger than the white?


What? Trapdoor?


It must be. Oh, it's hollow! Nine. 15 points of damage.


It's me!


I'll pat him down.


Do we see any missing ones?


We'll find out. And I go Minxie.


So we could, in theory, mist low to the ground on this road in that direction, and in theory catch up with them.


The mast. Do I roll again?


Do we know what we're going to say?


I mean, fuck, it's really disturbing. Like, she came out of there like a little kettle of popcorn, just no problem. I mean-- Can I see Jester? Is she nearby?


Tary Darrington.


Okay. Okay, he's down.


All these sounds are in game, in character.


One below your AC!


Are we gonna release more background information of your campaign?


The roof is flat, or is it coned?


I'm going to add-- on that last shot, I'm going to add 5d6 worth of electricity damage.


Tell him to walk.


Ooh, investigation check?


It's nice to talk with someone who has, you know, language from--


Are you going to sell him a tiny catapult that he has to assemble himself?


The place is crawling with--


Oh boy, with advantage, I hope?


All right, guys, we're going to do this. We're going to do this.


There's a bit of kick to these. You feel it in the shoulder.


Shale, what were you doing out here with a scouting party? It seems--


That's better. 24 points of damage.


I'm going to try to hit it again, then.


Ten. (laughter)


I'm going to use a healer's kit to stabilize him.


I love a pie.


To be fair I think we've had two rounds of it at this point. I've been making breakfast.


Haha, dick joke.


Maybe Urukat would want to come and fight a dragon.


I am looking for literally nothing.


All right. I accept your conditions.


Life is good.


Climbing the rope back up top, to the base of the tree.


That's it. I also take a little poo in my pants.


So many, Grog.


We sell things.


Would this be an insight check, at this point?


I'll put on the hat and become the Meat Man.


But you're so important, Pike.


Tag us, tag Wizards of the Coast, say what's up.


Stop hitting yourself.


I'm pretty sure she has an Etsy store.


How long does charm spell work?


Fjord! (cawing)


Just walking?! Why? I'm walking!


Dammit! It was-- I thought about it five minutes ago and I forgot-- that's good, though. That's good. 19!


Well, I would insist to join you, if that is the case.


Gets the job done.


It doesn't have to be hot. It just has to be--


I would love to tell you yes, friend, but the best I could do is let you know before sundown.


Shit! Six.


I thought we camped on the outskirts.


They put the dart board so high on the wall!


Spell DC is 16.


Yeah, it's pretty dope.


We're moving, we're moving.


I wanna burn something.


Yeah, I am going to hide in that little thing and go, Trinket hide with me.


Did you eat enough, Percy?


I was not in a good place, I was-- what I am choosing to describe as great motivation to live a long life. There was pain and sound and I've tried hard not to think about creating words to articulate it, but it was the feeling of being-- it was not pain without end, it felt like pain that would have an end because eventually there would be nothing left of me. I felt consumed. And yes, I heard. It was the only thing I heard. Yes. I know you well enough to know-- trying not to embarrass you, but--


But this doesn't go away?


Can I make a defensive move?


Oh! Sorry, sorry.


Yeah, sure. Let us get our shit together.


See if we can make it faster, but 24 hours is not terrifying.


No, no, we need that!


But he's bent over and I've got a bird's-eye view of him.


That's right. They can't very well arrest Percival when he's royalty now.


I see no problem with that.


I can use my last spell. I have a 2nd-level spell. I'm going to, bonus action, use Healing Word at 2nd-level on Yasha to bring her back, and then I'm going to run over and try to crash the bookcase down.


(whispers) Where are they?


1350 x by--


Sunbeam destroyed him before.


So we have to get all three in.


If we separated it?


You can't try the other gnomes?


Faerie Fire. That's better. 24.


Oh, you do? Okay. So I'm having bacon down below, so I will wait until I see you.


Yeah, he's not a big thinker. He is formidable, but not a big thinker. I think we will have an easier time getting to this boat.


No, they won't.


Didn't you cast a Light spell?


And we stole a seal.


She was at 23! That's 22. That's one point!


Is there a way to, like, melt the spires? (whispers) I interrupted you.


I know a unique substance when I see it, I'll take one as well.


We've got a little bit of business, a little bit of activity ahead of us, so we want to curve to the left.


My weapon glows but I did snuff it down. I was waiting until we knew that we were okay. I move my light over to him.


Yeah, they do the same thing.


Because that is an extra-dimensional pocket.


After he peed on you?


Yeah, well. The Traveler's been teaching me some stuff and I was asking him the other night about how I could thank my mama and stuff like that. He taught me a little bit of how to send messages across distances.


You can keep burning a torch.


Pass without a Trace.


Amigos. We share amigos.


Shall we present it to him?


Yeah, the crownsguard.


We can start packing up.


All topped off at the moment, so whatever you do, we'll make up.


I'm just gonna be a Shorthalt for a while. And I'm just gonna figure out what that means. And... it's great being part of a team, but you gotta know who you are first. So I gotta go figure that out. And I gotta go figure out what she is, too. And when I do, I'll come back and find you. And if you really need a place to stay, I'll advise you to buy some tents, 'cause you won't have a mansion anymore. I know you'll be fine 'cause you all have each other, but for now, I just need to have me for a while. I love you all. I even love Percy... and his parents, Frederick and Johanna. And I'll go with Kaylie.


No no no, as soon as I cast Stoneskin, you were attacking, that's why I said this is all going--


He has disadvantage because he's currently under Hex.


Oh boy. This seems like beyond our level stuff.


Oh, oh, oh! Oh, no, I don't get any advantage in this.


I can't be charmed or frightened.


14 days?!


It's probably what they were digging for.


Do we know if there are any outside doors over here on this side?


Yeah, I'll take watch.


So I'll hide, if I'm not hidden already.


You guys, we own a ship!


I walk up to Percy before we put our horrible chains back on, and I grab his hand, and I give him a peck on the cheek and whisper: Thank you.


No, I want to see it!


No, but we're trying to save the world, not just a city.


I'm climbing the Sun Tree.


Oh! Excuse me. We came to collect the money you owed us for completing the mission you sent us on.


Not anymore. Right. But have they seen you since you've changed your affiliations?


There's nothing in this. You handed it back, I thought there was going to be something in it.


Last.


But it's in an iron cage?


Word of warning, Tiberius.


I call for five servants, and I instruct them to take him wherever he'd like to go and give him whatever he needs.


It’s possible.


No, I feel like I’m in a bunker underneath the ocean.


Not sure if he's still breathing?


There's a place called wattpad.com where you-- a lot of people do post fanfic.


Yeah, fuck it. Why not, right?


Oh! That’s great!


Quickly, though, quickly.


Is it charisma-based? That's right.


It does say rouge, doesn't it?


But I can follow tracks.


No, there was not a fucking prayer.


You have a-- wait.


I will send Frumpkin skittering down by Yasha's feet.


New dice. Not bad.


Well, you'll get burned.


And I can be in the back and be drunk and lookout.


18 for the second.


I've just mastered the 'f' that looks like an 's'!


You're going to jump?


Oh, I thought she was walking behind me. Is she walking next to me?


Sure, I'll inspire myself. Why not? Oh, I get to roll something.


Just do it!


To the beacon? What do you bind yourself to?


No. Not me.


Invisible. They saw me.


The cantaloupe, it's not gonna feel better about itself.


And the other one, the poison one, toward the other.


He's still fucking dead!


Don't you have to be super strong to use these trammels?


Do we invite them in or are we going to--? You open the door. I'm going to sit, unassuming, on the bed.


Don't let the slimes hit you.


It splits in two behind me--


Did you draw the dick on the Friends spell? You did it? That's the one.


Hmm, I'm not quite done with this one. We'll see.


Kima, for sure.


My mace?


The second thing that happens is Slow. The third thing that happens is I pop out of the tree trunk--


If I move away from them though...


Deposit it up.


Yeah, we do not want to kill him.


I found a perforated edge.


We have to go out like Captain EO. It's a thing.


Are you an arcane user?


We start to wrestle. Gently. That's my papaya you-- let go!


Did you want to say something, Percy?


No. I wasn't. I just know them well.


Coins, though? We would make them--


25. No, 27. Sorry.


I hate to interrupt your dinner. Can we borrow you for a quick second?


Clarota, we've already allied ourselves with you, as we've already agreed.


Yes? Okay.


I believe that breaks the spell.


The Hat of Disguise?


We had a girl shop day.


It's blue.


We're going away from each other?


And Raishan's about to leave.


Ten more minutes. I'll be down in ten minutes.


Level three.


Oh, shit. She's big.


Let's take a look at these.


No, he totally came! He's good, he's a hero! Can I use my invoked Jester, my duplicate, to run over to Nott? She can move 30 feet.


Might I point out, Keyleth, that Raishan wanted us to go to Emon and face Thordak, and we are already not following that plan.


I can't believe I couldn't fucking dispel that wall.


Vote. Vote. For fuck's sake, vote. Put it to a vote.


Is it so hard to just throw a freaking bomb into a cave?


He misses! (all laugh)


No, I-- we should get you out of here, there's really bad stuff going on outside, we're trying to get everyone out of the town.


I am very tiny looking right now. Come on. Oh my god, that was almost terrible. Nine.


I slowly unbutton my shirt and show her my chest and say, "Stab me right here, if you'd like, and I will not resist. You've earned it. Take me."


All right. That is 30.


Unconscious.


Climbing anything?


Man. Do we have any other questions to ask? Who are you all attracted to. Do you guys like me?


What's the title of the first book that we opened, by the way?


Dang! Come on now!


I think the campsite just might be a campsite. I want to try and douse the fire.


And he goes ten feet away from me.


I'm sorry, you said it went in the acid?


Is that as far as I can get?


It's vaguely what I imagine a buffalo would look like.


I just know-- I just--


We don't necessarily overlap with the fey. We protect where it overlaps. You could get to the fire elemental plane easier from this place, and my town you can get to the plane of Air--


They're going to see us.


I'm going to stealth back to my room.


My little sister once fell into a rose bush.


I was just so out of it last time. Have we rested? Are we in some need of rest?


Yes. It's flipped!


Scanlan. Give me the other gun.


As the sun goes down? It's been down and everyone's going to their rooms? I go to Keyleth's door and knock on it.


Two and a one.


I'm going to run up to the side of the sphinx.


Holding my action.


As we're doing this, we're making the feast, because we're about to get ready to go to bed, right?


Six. And I live. (laughter)


Yeah! So I want to Invoke Duplicity again. Oh, wait! I have something where I can turn invisible!


Honestly, we could just show up and say we've been hired to try and take care of it and go in.


Is that a d20? No, it says 1d8 plus three. Okay, that's not much.


No, not you.


Maybe we can sleep in the treetops, where Lord Ukurat sleeps.


Audition for our acapella group.


We do not want that.


If you all hold, I can try again.


'Cause you weren't there.


I'll sit up with Percy.


Maybe we need people on the outside to take care of folks on watch. The onion you're talking about, maybe the outer layers are the hired hands, and then we're the ones who go in.


What if we run, touch the back of the cave, run back. We don't even have to pick up anything. Just to say we did it.


They're beautiful. Many of you have been purchasing them. They're lovely to make nice presents for yourself or for another person.


May I again, sorry, use Awakened Mind to ask the giant what happened here?


I feel like it's making me fall in love with the first person I look-- Vax!


Right? Pretty nice. Soak it up, man.


75 gold for the entire set.


Oh, again? Jesus, fuck--


Roll for perv.


15. No, 14.


Okay, I'm going to do a couple things.


An intimidation check?


Before we go down, before we leave, what about Sylas?


She's trying! She's trying to fight it!


Who's still grappled?


Lots of body parts.


The swirley-whirley. (laughter)


Dweez.


Yeah. We could certainly roll this over in our minds and see if there’s something we could do with it. If someone is going to look for this thing-- and, again, probability very low-- but if they were going to look, it’d be right away. It’d be a couple of weeks.


I like your enthusiasm, grass.


2,800 strong.


Let's have an evening, and then tomorrow, we'll--


Here take it, I'm sorry.


So he'll keep eating?


It's going to make a gorgeous tapestry.


I drag Yasha's body into the thing with us.


Just regular, right? No plus ten.


I thought we got a bit of an allowance.


Are you reading a lot?


How about we bring the kids back in, we give them a little coin so they stay out of trouble, for the next--


Are we stealing the boat?


6d6. So that's 25 damage against the first guy.


This is a lot of people.


Incredibly dangerous. It might be best if we investigate it ourselves.


A guardian spirit of the forest.


You could get the edge of the brain.


It's confusing. Okay. Group rule  if any of us are missing for four or more days, we hold a funeral. Right? It's four days.


What's the name of the half-orc?


It should only affect ranged attacks. It should only affect ranged attacks and gaseous creatures because I doubled checked that.


I mean, do your work tomorrow. Can't we get shitfaced one last time?


Help me. Hey, Pike, can you help prop it up on that side?


But these people are prisoners here. They feel like they're prisoners in their own home, and that's not a home.


The chat knew where you put your stuff?


So, no, it wouldn't take anyone anywhere.


Oh, right. Plus ten for everybody.


I've never seen someone fly before.


That fucking eye.


Can I shoot?


Quite a few. Got into a bar fight.


The Vedmeyer estate?


What the fuck.


Hey you two, can you make yourself look like snake people?


Wait, so one more time?


I don't want to, like, make y'all alarmed or anything, but that was kind of fucking efficient.


You just blow in his thumb and all the fingers go--


She's a terrible liar. We'd know.


Message is 120 feet.


Fucking Pike, man.


Oh fuck. Not what I'm great at. Don't fuck me, Gil. 12. Not good.


It gets real turnt up when this here starts playing.


Yeah, come on, buddy.


Yeah, you probably should. I think you would do well if you sold pickles. Do you have maps for sale of the area?


Maybe we could get up to those little terraces or something and avoid it. Can anybody walk on walls?


He can cut through that.


Oh! So much better. 28.


I look incredibly angry.


Not having control.


It's the same issue.


Cobalt Reserve. He was in the court.


Oh, come here you. You are the most important member of this team and don't let Beauregard tell you different. Or Nott.


I go grab the humanoid figures and I throw two over my shoulders and then I get one in each hand and I start dragging them toward a door?


Ah shit.


Sure, but I don't know what he knows! I don't know anything! All I know is he came over and fingered you.


I can Plane Shift there. I do a very detailed look at what the Iron City of Dis seems like--


Oh, it reset, but she definitely had used some.


You come from being touched by some kind of primordial chaos magic, something powerful, strange, creative, and bizarre. You've recently had everything turned upside down--


And the green.


Can I roll stealth and hide right now?


Maybe you can look at the beacon one more time and try to see what it is, and then we can give it back to him.


I drop to my knees, start crying, and say, I'm so amazing!


Yeah, third strike. Here we go. Actually, you know what, I'm going to go for advantage. I'm going to go for sharpshooter advantage one more time, just for shits and giggles. Jesus. Do I call it?


I passed by a place called Natural Remedies, herbs and medicinal things. I went by a spot named Jackalwere, it's a smithy.


Why'd you miss?


Wait. Is anyone else?


They're bats, just baseball bats with arms.


That was so existential of you, Vex. Wow.


Still have Entagle up.


I carry the flask up to his cup and refill it and say: In my kingdom when a deal is set we drink together. I would like, not much, but to pour us all a drink and agree, surely this cask is weeks' worth of drink--


She is such not a good negotiator. What is going on?


If not, if she can handle him, then.


But you have the circlet still.


My Anarchist's Cookbook, a couple brochures for the Traveler, and I steal Cad's straw hat that he bought-- sorry-- and, yeah, we're going to make the Platinum Dragon look like a really cool farmer.


Shit. I mean, (snores)


I'm doing it so I don't have to take a point of damage every step I take.


We have to leave.


Oh! Once it wears off you're like--


Is gonna see through that.


I know, right? It just says 'Spell scroll'. The item-- I mean, I think it's mine.


You ate a soul, Keyleth?!


I'm chugging a greater healing potion while I look around for any loot around the altar and around the dead bodies.


Checking for traps?! She could come back at any second, hurry up!


It's a lot to do.


Can I use my Boots of Feral Leaping?


I command the--


Oh, that's good! Take it.


Half of a giant, right?


Ooh, shit.


You did really well.


I have no idea where this takes us.


You know what, Mister Randy? We had our doubts about your--


Can you see any giants from up there?


Do you know where its lair is?


Yes, the market.


She's got cover, by the way.


It's very good to see you. How have you been?


Also, what about shooting the button or firing an arrow at a button?


Oh, shit. She’s not here.


Yeah, it's, like, the Zauber Spire, the Constellation Bridge, and whatever the Triumph Tower is. Chime. I think it's a church. Or a cult. Or a church-turned-cult. I don't remember.


Are you looking? Who's looking?


Are you moving forward?


Okay, I'll take that. That's enough. 19.


Well, we seem to be doing fairly well. How do we feel about setting out in the morning to--


He's really enjoying himself. TPK tonight, guys.


Thank you, ma'am.


Can I use the Javelin of Lightning?


Ah-ah, not too fast, not too fast, don't want to get the bubbles. And I reach into the Bag of Holding and I have a dry food ration. I have three left. Now I have two. And I give him some dried food ration.


But you can throw them, as a beasty elemental.


Who needs a blessing? Caleb, you need a blessing!


They might see you.


We can make some, right now!


I don't think they noticed you, Grog.


Yes. [cheering]


I also have immunity to flame, so, or not quite immunity, but I don't really mind flame.


And you can join me.


He's holding me, right?


Are there any pockets other than the main pressure point that might be a smooth entry point?


Feel like I'm going to have a heart attack.


I'm bringing a shrine to Burning Man, by the way.


How much is your fancy box?


Like right there.


What's up, Twitch chat? How you doing? These guys are exactly as awesome as you imagine them to be. I have to say, completely blown away. Absolutely blown away.


Thanks, Grog. Okay. (clears throat) Let's do this.


Later. We need a bigger boat.


He's under my spell.


No, I rolled, I rolled a bunch of times. Didn't I roll a bunch of times? Okay, all right, well. She rolled a 20.


In the short term, we should be able to walk freely, though.


(gasps) You're immune to poison on this?!


Please don't fucking fall in lava.


No, we've forgotten about the 60 fucking feet again.


We're going to rappel.


Grog stole his glasses, go easy on him.


Cutting Words reaction.


She needs to jump up to hit it.


There's no kerfuffle on the list--


I'm of the opinion that a bunch of mortals show up in the City of Dis looking for a rakshasa, I think they're going to be able to put two and two together.


Okay, I'm going to try and get him to drop his, ah, fuck. Yeah, fuck it, I'm going to get him to drop his mace.


And then they called the ziggurat the seat of Pelor, right? So what if it was already there? What if she's taking doorways and dimensions and corrupting them and bastardizing them and--


I snap Frumpkin out of there.


Milady, you are a master of your trade.


Guys, real pirates! And then I'm going to do Control Water. And I'm going to raise water 20 feet around me, and start sinking this bitch. I want to sink this ship. 20 feet, just tidal waves coming over the boat, and I'm sinking it.


Yes. I am.


Takes forever.


I'm going into the building.


That's a wasted action.


One man's trash.


I think we can camp on the beach before we leave town, but if people are anxious to get this done--


Wait. Okay. I think I just have so much mud in my eye I don't see anything.


Fire at the one next to Beau. 14 to hit.


Life needs moisture to live. It's way smarter-sounding.


Yeah, you shook it off.


But it wouldn't speed us up, because it's the woods?


Cross-Realm.


I will. More for me.


We don't say it.


Can they see us?


Ditto, kiddo.


I did not know that. Did not know that.


I think the only people on the inside right now have scales.


I don't actually know what that is.


Kerr, are you an honest man?


Are we at the same time? I guess I'll go ahead and cast out of my beast shape as well and cast Hold Person on him as he's running away.


Oh yeah, she still goes in the bag, right?


Probably. Doty, go walk over there.


What? 20!


I could try to make him invisible.


Yeah. You get to suck.


So handsome.


Aren't they going to be looking for a very little man?


When was the last time we went to bed?


If I don't eat your rat, you can't kill me in my sleep because you're a Xhorhasian spy.


Are they celestials?


And I get advantage on that.


Hey, Ashly. Welcome.


Fresh start.


You never know, it acts in mysterious ways.


You seem to like him a lot. Are you sure you want to kill him and not just try to get--


We weren't told that.


I'm just saying, she could be very cunning.


Okay. And?


Yeah, the top-- or the bottom. The bottom?


You don't think?


She doesn't like the spotlight.


You can use the extra action to go closer as well.


Really, people don't like it when you do these things, Sam.


I don't have any family; you're the closest thing that I have. I have come to rely on you and I am grateful for your company.


I'm going to help Percy examine the skull.


That's not cool. At all.


It's new, then?


I'm still prone?


I feel good about her being at this meeting.


At some point you should give it a break with the carpet.


He's a white owl? He's a barn owl?


He's a prima.


Actually, after you do it, I can try to disguise it, so it's not seeable from the air.


Thank you guys.


Okay, okay. "My darling Jester," that's me, "I do so hope your journeys have been safe, fruitful, and wondrous. I've always wished you to see the beauty of the world around us, and while the circumstances perhaps were not the most favorable, it has allowed you the freedom to become your own woman."


How come everybody flies?


I mean, that is flat-out amazing.


What's behind me?


I'm glad you're back. Whatever you want to do now that you are... it's up to you, mate.


Oh god. Yeah! I forgot about that!


So I have two more actions.


Therines? Where is that?


I need you.


I'm going to move around and I'm going to try and get a little cover right here.


Hey! Hi! Oh my god, that was craziness.


Isn't Kima a dwarf?


Not in one round.


Well, that's so weird that you and my family have the same looking ones.


16, thank you.


I’m going to trip and fall! Right in front of him.


The whispers are back! It's like we're back in Casa de WillingBlam.


Okay. 12?


And for any of the lizard creatures coming towards us.


Well, why? What would Caleb do with it?


Hope you guys were ready to get out.


Yes, it is. Sarenrae could always use new servants. Right, Pike?


And that cures it.


I'll go behind Kash.


Not a lot. That's what I'm concerned about. We lost our meat shield and we don't have Pike. So I think we probably need to go and get some potions.


This is the best simulation of our old home game that I've had.


We're the Logan's Run of D&D.


68, 19. 58.


His testicles hung so low!


Okay, what I would like to attempt to do is send Frumpkin up to and stick his head inside, and as soon as I get a little peeky-poo, snap my fingers and bamf him out into the Fey.


One person.


It didn't end well. It seems doubtful, but ja, if we see him again, rest assured.


Can I take a look at the robe?


Throwing the dagger? Yeah.


There is a dead dragon in the sky, and there's a lot of dead dwarves and other various types, and those things that Scanlan charmed a few days ago. It is really shitty up here, so stay put.


Do any of us recognize the symbol on the floor?


So I assume that you could probably actually use this more. I have a tool that allows me to do it to begin with and it's come in rather handy as you've seen. What say you, Scanlan?


Oh, wait, can you open it?


And you say? (gargles water during Marisha's speech)


And you can still fuck shit up while you got that earthquake going, right?


It was shaking-- Oh, is it on the back of some giant turtle or something? (laughter)


Pretended.


Is that how we did it before?


I'm sure quite a few.


Just buy it.


Yeah, bust that out.


For maybe 30 seconds more.


You guys are amazing!


I'll give it to him, it's fine. He needs a little self confidence, a little encouragement?


Am I the only one that feels like this is an awful lot of trouble for something that's not a problem yet?


I love that we're fighting rats right now.


(nervous laughter) I know. Ugh, my deodorant wore off a little bit ago.


I can be active in the chatroom. I'll be so active in the chatroom.


You knew I liked jalapenos.


And then we finish off tomorrow night with Gather Your Party, which is just a big party where we're going to be celebrating getting 1000 subscribers, playing some board games. We have a band coming in to play.


Wait 24 hours, Pike and I can take time, and Scanlan, to heal some of your wounded, gain a couple more to the fight. We set a trap in the morning.


When we went to the City of Brass we were owned, right? That's what let us move around so freely?


Choose wisely.


God, my staff is just vibrating--


Let's set them up like they all were making out.


Spell save DC is a 17.


Of course, I remember now. The Ruby of the Sea, I can't believe she's your mother.


Shouldn't I, since I've never done it before?


His name... yeah! There's a cameo in there.


I miss being low enough level that we just take everything we find, no matter how useful.


I'll take that money. It'll be no problem.


I don't know if that's a good idea.


So I'm gonna try the thing that I saw very noisy Keyleth try earlier, which is to shoot out Grasping Vine and try to break someone free with it.


I like to think that she looks both ways before attacking just to see--


I drop form out of shame. (all laugh)


Okay, okay! That's good to know. Oh, this is Nott's turn.


I bet its remains are in there! Kill it!


I don't have any expectations, so, I'm not sure if that's true or not.


Does he throw up?


Oh, jeebus. Crap. 13.


Caleb, this is Dolan. Dolan, this is Caleb. Dolan, do you have a last name?


It's like a four-pack of medieval Five-Hour Energy drink.


What kind of save is it?


Grog is missing, actually.


Yeah. I am pulling out the bat shit and the sulfur and I am going to slap them together and throw a fucking Fireball and yell: Fick ihr alle! A Fireball is going to shoot across the room into that square just to the left of him, my left, which means it should get all three.


That's my action. Yeah, that's all I got.


I was under the assumption that you had to be de Rolo level to have a bath in your house.


Yup, I'm putting it away. I'm out.


All right, so, okay. So that one misses. Second one. That's a 15. Misses, right? And the second one, come on, man, is a 20.


The red beautiful gem you told me about.


Keep it coming.


I have not actually seen this Pumat, so I would love to actually take a look.


I can work with this plan.


Right. All right. That's a 20. That's a 30.


Nott doubles up with Caleb.


I don't-- I think dropping three tons on him is going have much more--


I push Vex out of the way.


Something we're great at. Just straight checks?


What can it do? Can it go up things?


Okay. I'm going to concentrate for a second, and then go earth elemental. (thud) And now that I'm earth elemental, I have tremor sense. Can I sense where these other motherfuckers are?


Mm. What does that have to do with me?


Would you like to trade that for many bottles of booze? Many.


Whoa, Vax. Nice helmet. Don Quixote called.


Cult of the Caustic Heart?


It must have been that powder you gave me before. It made me immune.


If it's possible, I would love to cave this thing in.


I see a door that I have conquered. (laughter)


Good work. Good work.


He gets hit.


I'm going to scootch.


So I will talk to a few of these old, capable farmer types and say, okay, here's the money. You know how to bargain. Do your business, and we can get together and we'll head back all together. As soon as you can get everyone together and all that. Also, I'll put somebody in charge of making sure that we're bringing in food, and I'll do a scan around and make sure that people literally aren't dying of dysentery. That they have a clean well and all of that stuff.


I bring over a round of drinks for everybody.


That's a lot of pieces of paper!


Do we really only have mutterfingers--


The same time, one at each.


You'd eat a child.


No, this is poison. I'm not in a position to sneak attack.


I think probably.


Yeah, and you ask me after I have a bit of alcohol in me. And I scry on Cassandra.


Where's... where northeast?


I could change your heart with enough spells.


I'm going to call it. I mean, mostly I'm 14. I'll take it, that means 19.


Nine, ten, 11-- Where's my dex? 17.


No, we didn't!


I don't know, it could be a backup if this plan goes south, if they wake up or something. But if they can talk to the plants-- the woods are anyone's game. They'd be fighting other creatures, not just us.


What's Grog doing?


Oh, yeah, that hits.


The folks upstairs gave me some more things for you to check out as well. Are these things you can do?


It was more the principle of the matter.


Are there two beds in the rooms, or is it just one bed?


My girl is there.


And when you can't find anything? What then?


I drop elemental form and start helping Pike heal whoever needs healing.


Yeah! 5d8 because it is a fiend!


I do the touristy thing to 'em again on the way out, like I do.


Denied.


Oh, wow.


No, it's important. Someone's asking, if we die, would we roll in a new character? And plus, we just started this show, so part of us were wondering like, what if we die the second episode? What happens? We recorded this opening to the show that's coming.


Super duper happy, all together.


I'm not sure. Those were sent from-- The mouse and the bear were sent by somebody else, so just yell at me in the chatroom and tell me whose that is. Ben Funkinator won the first giveaway.


Another round.


He is made of stone.


Jeez, it would've been better if we would've just gone up the hole.


I'm just going to go right behind that tree.


That's a long story. Weeks ago, we wound up attacked by a cult, my companions and I. This cult was led by a Death Knight. And a sorcerous woman.


Isn't it technically a sneak attack at this point?


Are there any books?


Deep down inside, don't ghosts get mad when you build temples on top of their temples?


I'm taking the crystals, too. The dead crystals.


About a week.


I'd like it to read something like-- Oh! I'm going to be sending it to the Solstryce Academy.


Can I assist you guys?


You can't do it?


I will fire, my hand-- how far?


Is there anything in the torso?


Before the River's Dawn, yes.


Well, okay. I think this is a great idea.


Not right now, no. But it's like that (snaps), it's easy, this one.


When we signed up for this job, Caleb was very explicit. He said we are doing this for coin and treasure, and that's what we got.


Wait, I didn't get Freedom of Movement?


I'm going to go a step further and tape down my boobs, bandage them down all the way, you know wrap them. Stuff my crotch a little bit.


We've lost our grapple.


Is it long?


Keyleth has been in the door frame, watching all this happen. I'm in the door frame.


You're going to just stay? Are you going to go look through the stuff that we got?


Lisa Loeb?


I have an earpiece, damn it!


But if you need me to teach you how to steal, you can tag along sometime.


I just don't know. I just feel so confused.


Okay, but I insist, all the money back. All right, fine, it's mine, thank you. Yay.


I don't know about this, Fjord!


It's a big head. It might be all we can take.


Then I'll move closer. I mean, I know how far I can throw a dagger, so I want to get up close enough to be within range to throw a dagger.


You guys want a window somewhere?


That's not selfish, that's important.


Man. So good to be home. Okay, let's go! Vax?


However, there's still an undead thing inside.


Ah, well, then use a hearth fire or something, because I will probably put that into flames. Also, alternatively, would we want maybe something instead that said that "the Knights are ready for this evening’s pursuits, and they’re to support any endeavors as needed, great High-Richter. It is time for change."


I use my Thaumaturgy to start chanting, Nott, Nott, Nott, Nott!


Good times, good time together.


Okay. I'm sorry, I just thought I'd give my friend an advantage.


But we've done this before so you know to squeeze my hand really hard if I should pipe down.


It's a spell?


Pirates!


She's coming with us though, right?


These are hot ice! We got to get rid of these.


Well, I have this fancy bag myself. I happen to have parts of an umber hulk. Pieces of dragon, if you might be interested in that. I also have jewels and fancy robes, if you need a change.


So it doesn't affect just movement. It's everything?


Which mouth?


You know what that is too?


I do a little doo-wop. (vocalizes) And that's my Cutting Words to try to distract her from her attack.


(clears throat)


Oh yeah, that's a 25.


Totally useful.


I'm going to leave now.


Clang, clang, clang.


Come on, snitch!


Could I consider my movement to like reach down and hold onto like--


If I may, new companions.


Oh yes, you could use that spell that you used earlier.


You don't think we're just destroying everything, everywhere we go?


I do want to maybe talk to Gilmore, though.


Can we tear off your sleeve and then you understand Infernal?


Said the T. rex.


I've made 20 gold.


He rolled really low. What is that, just strength?


I mean, hold on! Not impressed.


Great, so that's 7d6.


What baby?!


Reckless. That's 20 for the first one.


It's only a teacher if we actually learn from these mistakes--


No, I'm not!


Is anyone particularly dirty?


(guttural noise of agreement) (laughter)


Which one are you? Prime or Two?


I'm aiming at the smoke and just watching and waiting.


I lean over to Vex, and I say, oi. In an effort to blend in, should we just kill a random person?


Ten! Thank god, because that's a 21.


That is fair, you are shabby.


Yeah, just trying some splinters of wood in the locks just in case.


Such a good game!


A new opponent enters.


I already did it, it doesn't matter. It's what I did. It's who I know, not what hit points exist.


I have not been that close to death ever before. But I feel like in a way I learned something from the experience.


Oh, Kord. I got it. (chuckles)


I give him a big hug and a kiss. I love you, dear.


Fucking wicked, man. I'm double-speed, so 60.


They're in the walls, they're in the goddamn walls!


Near the Hespit Sea? Near the Hespit? I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.


I'm wearing the same shit. (laughter)


Do you want to stay outside?


Especially at night.


Just don't kill it.


That--


Do we need some more tape?


Hey, buddy! Why are you out of breath?


You gave me three options.


I don't know what products we're selling currently, but I assume there are some.


Can I assist him on that?


Because of the Stoneskin. My Stoneskin is still up.


Yeah! 14 plus four, 18.


(stammering) Get the sword!


Not the rock, the lantern. Light the lantern and throw it.


Okay. That's what I want to do.


But it's like--


I don't remember. There was some wells around.


Just to keep up the audience  We're in Maine, and we're trying to get to Los Angeles.


A lot to do.


Go get it, rate it, love it. Show us that you're reading it.


Oh, feels good.


Like the Beetlejuice part where his head goes--


Oh, plus ten?


From my perspective, it looks like the gator is super stoked about having this lollipop.


No, it does. The energy feels better.


Man, super shame that Caleb's not here for this entire conversation.


It felt very--


Holy shit. Holy shit.


What do I add?


No, we're going to wait for you. So can we get the refugees together?


To perceive a dead body in the water.


Now you're doing the one-eyed blinky-wink.


Do I see anything? Can I land?


Ah, yeah! That don't suck! 20 points of damage.


One question, and I'm assuming I'm gone, but in combat, I would be able to roll a wisdom save every six seconds, right?


Yeah, or inspiration?


No, you're-- you don't double them by city. It's just one city-- No, never mind. Just one dragon.


How you feeling?


They're sending us to the things we're going to kill.


So that's 18, 28, 38, 52. 52 points of damage.


Is Keyleth still grappled while unconscious?


No, we're not drunk, we may have just had a little bit of wine, just a small amount.


I don't talk to many girls. Oh, you're a girl! I'm sorry. Well, I'm talking to you, that's awesome!


You don't have to do every one of these that's she's going to fucking write.


Normally, I don't waste my time with the likes of you. Man with a tiger's head is going to stand out. No problem finding him. Let's stand here and talk about this forever, or let's head out and get this over with.


Okay. You know, there's not a lot I can do right now, so I'm going to say, Grog! Grog! You got this shit! You got it! And I'm going to cast Enhance Ability, and I'm going to give him enhanced strength.


Jarett's up for anything.


You're getting so smart, Grog! So smart.


You didn't do anything. No, this is very good.


Although, actually, I have action surge.


And we can sense that you are casting magic of some sort on yourself to disguise yourself. Now, I have some familiarity with this, so I make no judgment as to why, but please reveal your true self to us or else we cannot trust you and we will leave you here to rot and possibly die.


Evil shadow.


I think that if anyone that looks like me or you shows up on this island, anyone who sees it is going to come asking questions immediately.


Do you have any advice?


Do you have a death wish?


Yes, he was, he has it all--


Were we ever? (laughter)


There's no way we'll be able to get out of here before--


Super hammered, we stumble out.


Well, in Xhorhas. If you go out there.


It's moving away! Get it!


What about the bakery?


Do you have another one you want to do?


We meted out the truth!


Gatestone! I pull it out of my bag. Pass it to her.


I know, yeah, it's either really good or really bad.


If you've had the twirls, you never forget them.


What's up, GenCon?! (cheering)


Aldor.


Getting on a plane!


He had green pus-y ooze pouring out of holes in his face. Just want to throw that out there.


I'm afraid now.


One. 29.


I don't really like my position right now.


We have a friend.


Or lasers.


Yeah, serpent.


Two triads. Dryads. I don't know what it is.


All right, let's go! (laughter)


Yes, I knocked, as I do often do. And nothing doing.


I cannot wait.


Just to allay some of our fears, were people actively pursuing you and chasing you when you got onto this boat? And if so, how many?


Sell some things?


I also need incense. Fine incense. About 60 gold worth, if you have that much on hand.


I'm out. Okay, Percy being pummeled and pummeled again. Loses, your gun falls from your hand, as you slump to the ground, your eyes roll back, unconsciousness and darkness.


I hide again for my bonus.


And can I see anyone else?


That actually might, especially if not eaten with rice.


I don't want to.


Oh my gosh, just doing so many things, we decided to make armor out of Vorugal, so I have new white dragon leather armor that Tary helped me enchant. Actually, that Tary enchanted and I hung out with him, for five months, while he did that.


Do you have people in there with food?


No, here's the thing. If we just give them a page--


Yeah, you're not kidding, that's pretty intense.


Yeah. You could bring that sword to his neck.


My dad paid to get me abducted by monks, yeah.


Did I put fire resist on you? At the end of last game?


Y'know, small but okay.


No, the other one, up here. Yeah.


Okay, so I add one more to my damage roll, and that was it. That was the only attack that landed.


And I flip him a couple of gold coins.


It may need to ride you.


Money means nothing to me.


I couldn't possibly use my Glove of Storing, could I? To hold his hand?


If he's flying up, I want him to go boop!


I walk up to the guard, and I say, sorry. I really should have peed before I came in. Is there a privy I could use?


(whispering) Do we really have time for a comedy bit like this?


That's eight points of damage.


No, no, they would come after Ionos. Lonos. Jonas. I'm not sure.


If we move, though, we have to move fast, and maybe a little bit carefully.


Tooma?


Oh, it only lasts for a little bit. I wonder where it would have taken us? Was it big enough for us to go through?


Talk to it, see what happens, and if everything goes terribly, we just retreat back to the mansion, it's not going anywhere anytime soon.


I respect that.


That's actually not a bad plan, just in case.


What are goblins afraid of?


Woo, Scanlan.


Are you Wolverine?


And make another constitution saving throw.


I will pay for that.


Oh, my muscles would be really sore. This is really hard for me. Somebody else should help him out.


That's actually very close. That's kind of close. Yeah.


Can you see into our world?


I'll use it as a hammock.


No we've not been.


A 50-foot swim.


You seemed to be able to talk Yenk into doing whatever you wanted. Do you think you could do that with this guy?


I mean, we're going the opposite direction.


Holy crap.


That's not going to work. We've got company coming.


Right, but his holster thingy. Right? Didn't he have a holster thing, or did I just imagine that because he's Texblade?


Don't forget to Trinket.


Trying to look away, kid at the back of the classroom.


All right. Let's all back up.


He could roll a save, though.


Oh fuck. The whole world.


I'm right here.


Those doorways?


My thought is I can probably find some of the ore I need to procure at the same time that we find this Groon fellow, and at the very least, you can strike up a quick conversation with him.


No, no. No. (clears throat) What'd you do to me?


Saturday.


Just selfishly speaking, I feel like maybe it wouldn't have been good.


I got three last time, though.


It seems that an enormous amount of alcohol has given you some perspective. I'm very proud of you. Well done.


I've had him paint 20 to 30-- I'm kind of addicted-- 20 to 30 miniatures. They're amazing. He's amazing at what he does.


If I can hit it in its head, that's cool, but--


If you die, I will be very upset. Hey, if I die, your thing will glow, so that will be good.


That's a wonderful idea.


Probably if anyone tries to hit him, he'll snap out of it, so.


And I'm sticking that in the back of his neck.


So he's blind?


What about symbols? Do you see anything?


Let's put a necklace on the other cadaver and then throw it through.


"Put that stud muffin down so I can make out with him!"


Yeah, because you have a backlight!


Oh, Grog. This is just the perfect job for you.


This is so great. Now we can all die together!


The domination.


Can anybody cast some Death Wards too?


All right. I got him.


I don't have fucking 1200 gold.


No! Don't save him!


Would it be too crafty if I were to cast Modify Memory? Could I modify the fire genie's memory to forget to not kill himself? I'll take that as a no. Can I modify the fire genie's memory into thinking that he's completed the task that he came to this realm to complete, and that he might go home?


Oh, man, this is so cool.


I don't understand. The way we lived, the way you talked, made it seem like there was endless money, forever.


We're going inside, we don't need it anymore!


It's not great. It's only a 16.


Yeah. It's hard 'cause I don't literally have access beyond this rock.


You didn't have any pets?


You barely eked out that victory, by the way.


It's got the green-yellow sunset happening, things are starting to spread. Tomorrow will be--


Let's see if we can get some tips, and that's something later.


We always keep our intellect. Animal Shapes last for 24 hours.


I don't think we can.


Animus.


Does she have any bag, purse, visible necklace, pockets, anything pickable?


That is true, Taryon.


I've never hit on a woman like that before. Or any, for that matter. As I told you, I led a sheltered life, and I've really only had one romantic experience.


Oi, Pike.


I go Hong Kong Phooey on the wall of crystals with my axe and I just (snarling).


It will not be the end of it, sadly.


In speaking with my fellow masters, we want to make sure we give you something that is fair and desired. Is there anything that you might have on your wish list?


It would be horrible if they were taken away from their home and given to some people who would do horrible things to them, or mistreat them for their whole childhoods, leaving them as cold, heartless, resting bitches.


He's busy.


Let's get in the boats.


And a 16. And a one.


Keyleth, don't look at them.


What is our plan here? I'm trying to move my lips as little as possible. We go with this for the time being? Then when the moment is right, we get away? Or are we just pirates now? [laughter]


That's pretty good. Let's move quickly, though.


Just everybody think back to the stink eye Laura gave us on the hospital run.


We're going to rest?


You're Iounish?


Tony Roberts. That's exactly--


Vex and I at a distance.


Do you speak Infernal? Well, it is--


Is there easy access to the water here?


Think I should hold onto it?


Late happy birthday present to Travis Willingham.


Can I use my bonus action to-- Jesus, what can I do for my bonus action? I can't hide. Can I hide?


Technically, "go back to work" can be one word if you say it fast enough.


The unicorn appears.


Shithead.


So much better! (laughs)


That's better. 23 minus two, 21.


Yeah, we like Magic: The Gathering.


I hope you know that I was only trying to improve your life with a wonderful happy memory, and it was mostly true.


Yeah, K.I.T. Keep it together.


She could think it's a fucking trinket. It could be like nothing. It could be like a candlestick.


She has a mean streak.


Get your heal on.


Right. We're free.


We don't need an airship.


I don't hear that.


She jumped in, didn't she?


Yeah, I'm fine with Pass Without a Trace. That's a 1st-level. 2nd-level, but I'm fine.


It's like half a question, because you're wondering why it's called that at this point.


Grog's been hitting the peace pipe.


Where's Percy?


Okay, that is a 30.


We're going to be busting you out of jail.


Bear and Vex.


It's about Vax. (laughter)


I'm super restless.


About how far from the edge of the grass, where we are, to them?


I'm too tired to argue. Let's get that drink.


Directly above the fountain there's a ceiling, I take it, yes?


Poison arrow.


Not too close!


A water jug and an ale jug.


On my own blast?


Come on, Scanlan!


You could jump on him!


How dare you, Erickson!


Don't jinx this.


For at least a whole round.


You will.


(with mouth full of food) I'll put it on at the break. I've got it right here. I'll put it on when we get to the break. I'll put it on.


No, double, I have to roll two dice, right?


I hit the shit out of it. (all laugh)


That's good enough, that's good.


No, they don't want to see it. We should just get to the game, right?


Why do I taste ale, and whiskey?


Well, I'm glad.


Rissa! Do you know of anyone who steals money from drunk people?


Yeah, 100% of the proceeds go to -


Sorry. Another person's character.


All right. Do I know roughly where the water ashari are?


Brechtian theater. (pained groans)


Versus my strength?


That number does not please the mistress, I don't think. Does it?


Okay. Don't mind me while I make another owl. I begin casting Find Familiar to bring back Frumpkin as a one-ounce owl. (laughter)


Let's just sneakily go off and just not pay any more attention to this charming little tree.


I'll gently tap you twice.


They attack anything evil within 15 feet of me.


For five minutes. We literally just talked about that.


I can. I'm like--


Just as a test, to the one on the right I do it again.


Yeah. It does look a bit--


Yeah, there's a lot to think about, there are a lot of people still here, and I personally don't think attacking that dragon in the next few days is a wise decision. But if we do leave, what do we do with these people? They're going to be run over by these people.


I can't roll any higher than that.


I would also like to definitely talk about maybe having access later, to come back at some point.


Five plumbing washers.


Which of the things is the fiend?


Of course. And don't worry, once my mom sends me my care package, we'll have thousands upon thousands of gold.


Oh, we found a few of those bags.


There's an old man down in the bottom of the pit.


That's a 15, 29.


I noticed that as well.


Can you describe what the Bane, the Strife Emperor, symbol looks like?


There's a platform?


This is inside and I was outside. They were hearing stuff inside.


It really is a short story and not a blurb. It was long.


Percy needs it?


Was it actually an imp? Imps are very common. Everyone's being watched, it's a city under surveillance.


I wink twice. Make a persuasion roll at disadvantage.


What if you could reason with him?


Shitter's full!


While he's concentrating on it, can I sit down next to him and touch it?


Okay. We'll go shopping with you.


Sinaeth.


Go for it, yeah. Might as well use that.


Until Fjord's gone.


What do you mean, how are we going to get in? We go in. They don't know you; they know me. And I don't even look like me.


While that's going on I walk off 30 feet away and I fall to my knees on the ground facing away. I know you are not what I want. But you are what we need. And I will put aside my reservations and serve you. It is too soon for him, we need him. He is needed. I will set aside my reservations and serve you. Please.


You've got to Bilbo Baggins your way out of that shit!


I agree with the peasant. That we should get it out of here immediately.


