Yeah. I want to shoot Lightning Arrow down into the core of it that I can see, just a big group of them.


I guess she will have seen one hole by now.


Oh, that's good. That's way better.


You should probably act casual. Or you could drop some money on the ground, and let all the people run and collect it, and make a diversion. It's up to you.


No, near the wall, yeah. Up close to the wall so that she can attack as soon as that thing is down. And then she's going to hold her physical action until there's something that she can attack.


Fighting.


There's a lot of people that inspect their special packages. You get to know yourself real good, Caleb.


That's a million. 35, 30?


The enemies are just all over that direction, right?


He's secretly Raishan!


All right. Ugh, 12.


Shit. Is he one minute slow?


Well, a draw, then?


Well, she was.


They're potions, though--


Terrible roleplay.


That's 28.


Yes, I don't quite know how to act or behave now. And I'm going through a crisis of conscience and identity. I'm sorry; I'm off my game right now. But she's related to me.


Yeah--


No. It's a separate issue. There was two things going on. There was, like, the big angry toad beast and he got a swipe at me. And then there were people who were getting attacked.


Make sure that they notarize it and all that good stuff.


The alchemy book? Yes?


All right, I'm going to scoot up right in front of Keyleth on the edge of the frozen-over pool of lava, but I'm not going to stand on it. And I'm going to chuck three daggers at the salamander in front of Grog.


Thank you, Mr. Sheen.


I feel like maybe with these people we should have a frontline party and a backline party. And maybe a little frontline poison resistance could be good.


We have an angry Grog.


Who said three?


Right. Do I trust the art?


All right, but before we go over there, are we going to plunk down 2,000 gold to get this near-stranger out of debt?


If I move under him?


20. Shut up, really?


Gotta keep it.


(choked) It's okay, right? The cloak's okay?


Hmm, okay.


Scanlan! No!


A milk cow!


Now, sometimes fighting isn't the right thing to do!


They're both 15, so that's a 23 to hit.


Because any prisoners are probably going to be kept at a low level.


Yeah, me too! I'm trying to concentrate on what you're saying so hard!


Channing Tatum.


But that's not indefinite.


They definitely don't know any ice magic.


Don't use a whip, Scanlan, sing a friendly song as he is our friend-- ally. To the guy. Ally. He is-- He's in a little spot of trouble and we are going to help him get revenge, or something of the sort.


Okay. Well, is there anyone in particular you would like to give you a tour?


All I'm thinking is I could come up and do Lay on Hands and heals, but I'm like, you made your bed, lie in it.


Augh.


No, I'm gonna drop down.


Hail.


He is dead. He is a dead man.


I'm not missing this. I am following.


Okay, same as last time. 19 points of damage.


This is the weirdest field. (Taliesin makes noises on Skype) (laughter)


Okay, so that's 22.


Does that mean that guy was named after a whole city?! Does that means he owns a city?


Right now? Oh, it's my turn. Can I join Scanlan in the most Stevie Wonder search ever, with my bloodaxe being my stick?


Thank you, Vanessa.


Okay! I, like, hold her shoulder pads so she doesn't clink any.


Yes! Reckless, great weapon master.


You're so mean.


"Medititive."


I'm not one to interrogate someone's past. Information's information. We could use some help.


If only he had any spells.


Well, now that we know where it is, you can probably bamf us there, can't you?


Can Vecna just dispel the second Scanlan away?


Turn your fucking thing away from me. It's hurting my heart.


Not a lot.


Hey, you should Hunter's Mark them or something.


Can I walk around to the front of Kevdak?


We're so tired.


What do we do now?


But it screws our vision, though, doesn't it?


I want see how they fare.


Is this going to be like the kraken fight? Are we going to be underwater fighting again?


We are still on the rails, it'll be great.


(terrified laughter)


Or we could go through the tunnel.


Thorbir hangs back a little bit and waits for them to get to the door. And he looks at the shop keep and, do you have any masks that might fit a little girl?


Does it look like a cave-in, like somebody did it on purpose?


The battle is difficult, with many an ally nearly devoured, but eventually Vax strikes a mortal blow. Krieg, or Brimscythe, defiantly smashes against the support pillars of the cavern in his death throes, causing the chamber to collapse, the party barely escaping via the teleportation circle. Leaving Krieg's home, Allura finds the party and warns that the evil that feeds on the throne is growing more bold. She herself was attacked shortly after the scrying was complete, and barely escaped. As dark clouds fill the sky above Emon, the party decides the time to strike has come. Allura aids the party in infiltrating the palace, and they storm the throne room. Uriel sits upon his throne, surrounded by his creepily mannered, possessed family. Vox Machina attacks, managing to banish the shadows from within their bodies, but the throne itself cracks in half as the dais below glows a deep red, summoning the entity behind the entire scheme: a devil prince called Juurezel, who tells the party of a great war between devils and demons spilling over into this plane, threatening all creation. He justifies his actions, and notes all the demonic forces throughout the city, and tells them of the horrible devastation that will ensue if the party stops him. They read him as honest, and Juurezel asks for their aid in destroying the demonic threat, offering a single Wish should they make a pact. The party deliberates and agrees to the contract. Thinking over what they had just agreed to, the party returns to the throne room, asking for their Wish to be provided to aid them in their demon hunting. Upon its casting, the party wishes to cancel their contract with the creature, and attack! The devil prince angrily reveals his true form, a hideous treachery demon, a glabrezu. A long, deadly, and epic confrontation ensues, one that suddenly claims the life of the gnomish cleric, Pike. Her death fresh in their minds, Vox Machina deals the killing blow, sending the demon to its unmaking. They gather up the cold body of their fallen friend and rush her to a nearby temple of Sarenrae, where a resurrection ritual is attempted... and succeeds.


We'll see how it goes. We're going to try and tire him out.


Yeah. Sounds great.


Roll so good.


Ah, he said it himself, you people in the circus are weird, right? So, every once in a while, a glitch.


Oh, yeah. While Yasha's waiting, she can clean up the bodies. You can reply to this message.


I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on myself as soon as I get to the other side so I can stay stealthed on my side.


Sounds like what?


I'm holding my turn and reaching out and trying to make this chain as much as I can.


I take this with great honor. Thank you.


Oh, you do? That was lucky.


Yeah, she gave you, she handed out, before we moved out.


Are we running? I don't know what you guys are doing. What's happening right now?


When you're scrying on a tree.


As he's dragging me, I just start, like, rambling all the questions at once. I'm like, Aren't-- This is such a gorgeous city you have. Are you freshwater or saltwater? Do you have webbed feet? Does everyone have webbed feet? How many people can control water? Wow, look at that. Look at those. Is this fire that you use? Or is it all arcane?


Underwater breathing.


He took his time.


Using D&D Beyond. (laughter)


Then I'm going to try to make acid while he was doing his thing.


This is where I heard something before.


The Pablove Foundation.


We are safe.


I’ll do it! I’ll do it.


Many years ago.


Where's our cart? We still have our gypsy wagon.


Interesting trying to track it down, that's for damn sure.


I guess I can be after Yasha.


I come back. I did it! I got these two things. They're very nice and round and shiny.


We'll get some, we should get some.


When you get to Zadash, maybe send me a note, or maybe I'll be there. I just have to do a couple things.


Checking for traps, I should know this, but is that separate from perception for me?


Why do we have to listen to anything they say?


This sounds like nothing we would ever agree to. Ever. We would never agree to investigate a house with nothing.


Dashy-dash?


I put a gold on the table.


No, it was just called the Sluice.


So if we got two in, then he would have to save over 20, so he would have to roll a ten or higher.


That was an escalation, Nott. I feel like one, two, and then just nine.


Are we above it?


Hey, Caleb.


Right place.


What? Ah!


Can we do any kind of religion check to see if we know anything about this kind of entity?


Let's call it a medium well.


Did she ask about me?


Is that cocked? Goddamn it.


So I'm gonna have Trinket attack him down there.


Skinky-doodie! I am going to say: you are so stupid, why did you get up on the roof like that?! That's why he saw you! I am going to run to the tree, straight back.


What? They're going to hate us.


Well Scanlan, if you feel you need it.


Oh. Cultural differences! Good to know.


You know, milk is just so good.


Any tracks of any sort?


Here.


You haven't told us yet, have you?


Fuck. The Raven Queen. Right, that makes sense.


We're not within 400 feet of it, are we?


And that's against - I just rolled so terribly... 20. It's a 19 DC, so unless that changes with my new intelligence?


Okay. Just in case you need backup. If we need to kill them, we can.


Money?


Well, I don't know. Yeah, he's good looking. That's true. I don't know that we have-- I mean, we've scattered a bit. I live in Zephra now.


Yep. Hold on. That's a fucking glove of fire.


I go up to the cavern! I'm out! I'm bailing with this.


Oh, the one that I've been shooting at or the closest--


We agreed to give you a cut if we go in.


Why don't we get outside and then we'll talk?


Don't give it to him.


I mean, and Vasselheim is chock full of clerics, so maybe we could find help there.


Something that-- Hi, it's me, Gilligan. Nice to see you again. Something that we used to do on our ship to relieve the tension.


That is good, though.


And I ignore anything other than full cover. I ignore three-quarter cover.


I need another gun.


Straight to the house of lady fav-- (laughter)


It didn't devolve into a punching fest. That's pretty good.


Pike can have one.


We've really been through the shit, so I'm not opposed. Just saying.


Oh my god, are you okay?


Ixnay.


Okay, so you could argue that our bodies are made of 70 percent water, right, so if I cast Control Water, can I move her blood?


We could send Pike with it?


We don't want to tell anybody what not to do.


Okay. What if I poke his ankles?


I have ten gold pieces.


I will face the sphinx and say  is your name Ioun?


Yeah. We're going to be here the rest of the day, right?


With werewolves in tow.


Borderlands 2.


Yeah, but I could use it on Kevdak.


That's right. I'll ride a horse.


That's not great. Nine.


Ionos. Do you know Ionos?


Birthday. I mean, (growls)


No, it's only a ki point when I send it back.


Up and coming. Enjoying a resurgence.


We're behind his meniscus, right? Aren't we in his knee?


Oh, right. That's a natural 19 plus four.


Oh my. Okay. This is great. This is great.


Can you give me a swig of that? Come on.


And all the wine we stole. We stole a lot of wine.


Magic Missile.


Lydia!


High Warden. I'm sorry. I was just curious. It's my first time to Syngorn, and it's in the Feywild. It's special, right? Is there a gift shop? A visiting the temple and sights of Syngorn type of shop?


You need to rest.


Tell them it's handled, we're dead.


Hey you guys, this is where my hotel is.


You're the captain!


They really want to look tough, yeah.


Hola!


Dexterity check?


Do you know which way this friend of yours was heading to find them? It was north on the path, I suppose.


And probably collect assets as well.


I feel like the cloak is identifying to you.


Yeah. I like it.


Hi, hi, sorry I disappeared there for a while, I just got a little distracted. Just wanted to say it was wonderful running into you, if you'll be around for another week, you said?


But do I save a healing?


Once a day, but that's all we'll need, right?


I can't fucking hold a movement. I did an action to make sure they were bats.


I'll defer for now.


Can I give her seven of mine?


Come on, you people. We need a corner, and a camera for the corner, and a long paper hat for you to put you in the corner.


It's young, Molly!


Some people need iron.


Yeah, let's do it separately.


Vox Machina.


Let me check out that hole on top. You guys can watch me do it.


Too large for me?


We need to know what is what.


Yes. Let's see, but not make any promises, because someone who's never run any--


I can make a portal that we can all step in and bamf to--


"Belt!"


It's just another attack.


I hide the hole.


You guilted me very hard on that. You made me feel kind of shitty.


Is Jamedi wearing any weapons?


How's it going?


Oh my god! Why aren't we there? We can't see them!


(whispers) Are we in a valley? Or are we--


Grog and I are the only ones awake.


But it's going to be covered by a mask.


Who the hell is Cloyde?


Oh yes.


Okay, wait wait wait, can I take my stone wall and like, close it off? We're all out, right?


My home.


What's your total?


I'm going to pick up the severed hand and start casting Decompose on it, too.


Well what do you mean, do I mean it?


I look at her.


(nervous laughter) What?


So why did Scanlan take a dump on that guest room bed?


Could we potentially walk on columns across this thing? Potentially.


No we didn't!


This is gorgeous.


Anybody want to climb to the top of the 200-foot tree to see what the rest of the land looks like?


-- blood pit, and then I'm going to hold my attack until Vax does what he's going to do.


Spikes growth?


I'm going to drop a grit for advantage, because--


We're gonna go find Wilhand.


Let's solve the problem


Guys, hasn't the last four days been amazing?


(singing) Too many options.


If we want to do the trench, we have to wait for nightfall.


No, we've been up since dawn.


He's been drunk the whole time.


What do you think you're doing, lass?


"Or at least is related to the kin from the other side of the veil."


Okay, cool. Five plus eight is 13, 14, 15. 15 plus sneak attack and lightning damage. 15, 19, 23, 25, and then 4d8 piercing damage. 32.


So am I encapsulating the mist in my Wind Wall? I'm kind of trapping the mist in?


So I'll try to-- I guess I'll just attack it again, because I've got nowhere else to go.


I cast Mage Armor.


Constellation Urine.


Trinket is going to run over to Sprigg and Scanlan.


So they're the coolest, and then I know everybody was talking about how the "How Do You Want to Do This?" shirts were sold out. Those will be coming back very soon, and there is also "How Do You Want to Do This?" mouse pads for those people that don't want to wear anything and just want to surf the web.


I'm hanging back behind Percy here.


I don't know where he is.


Probably one of those ones, too, where you pick it up and it fucking automatically charges you. Dicks.


He's sleeping.


Or fails at it.


And we have this amazing gold emblem in the bottom. I don't know if you can tell, but it's like extra shiny and fancy. It's a special Vex. And the paper's really heavy, and so it's super, super special. So--


If you roll a two, you can get hurt.


Taliesin and I got here early and with Ryan we opened everything and it's an embarrassment of riches.


But he's right here! Look, I can touch him.


Thank you, Jarvis! (all laugh)


I will-- Shit, what do I do? I can't kill anything here. I'm going to try the lock. I'm going to try the lock. there's nothing else I can do.


Wonderful, so let's see. Here's a six.


Yeah, you can take it off. We'll put it in the Bag of Holding. You can put it on after we're done.


Past a field of broken glass and bone.


To go to this place?


. If we open it, it'll ruin the barrel, right?


That tickles.


All right. Hello!


Nott, maybe you could use it. You know, for laughs.


It's our first nomination.


It holds water on every continent. Only people who are not titled think it doesn't.


He makes tea out of things that grow on corpses.


I really hope we don't have to go back down there, but maybe. That might have been what they were searching for.


I've got plus seven to my strength. I've got to roll 13 or higher.


No one's here, looks like it hasn't been touched.


Nott, it looks like the main road goes through Felderwin anyway.


Something like it. (gasping)


Let's go to the city then, I suppose.


If anything we're sucking at this.


I'll climb up. It's okay!


I go up to the mirror and check it out. It's cooled off enough, right?


You think she heard that I wanted milk?


Can I jump down, then?


Smudges, dirt on the fingernails.


I'm not still raging, unfortunately.


Deception? So that's 22 and 21.


I want to hold my turn until the other worm returns.


From one of them.


Yeah, wait, stabilize her first.


I walk up to one of the other patrons that's hurriedly looking through one of the books.


Yes. Sneaky fucks in front.


He didn't make it sound like that's the one that--


She's all right. She's all right.


I want to double check, see if there's a bell to ring or there seems to be some sort of calling--


Okay. Have I heard my cherry bomb go off?


I would like to render Aid to three friends of mine.


I hope they're in his junk!


Thanks for sending me back. I go back.


I mean, who the fuck knows if that's going to fucking work?


I miss Pike.


I'm going back in the tavern.


I wish I felt that way.


And that magic trap, we didn't set it off.


(laughs) Ew.


Oh, I have my turn?


But we don't have to go, we could keep working on this tower.


Yeah, I want to see that.


Right. That means they don't get pinned by it.


Paper.


Really thought it was going to do something, I really, really did.


I thought we already got paid.


Like snow? Or ash?


Knowledge.


Okay. Wait, what are we gonna do, 'cause here's-- there's an army waiting upstairs for us?


I'm counterspelling.


Out of curiosity, these spined devils look like the thing we fought under Krieg's house. Was that Krieg's house? It was, wasn't it?


I didn't, because I have two.


Schmidt, it's Schmidt.


Do you have a license to kill?


Yup. I mean, unless my--


I look around, and I don't like what I see, and I try to get up.


You still trying to be a god?


Yeah! Vox Machina!


Does it talk?


And are there any of the footprints left anywhere?


I'm very trustworthy.


Yeah, no one poking out ahead for this.


And uh-- No, I mean I need incense but anyway--


I come out behind my sister and I take him by the hand and I say: Tiberius, your friendship was always valued here. I don't think we'd be standing here without you.


Keyleth sits next to Vex and lays her head on her shoulder.


Are you serious? We left at midnight!


You're not there, you can't hear any of this.


Harvey Dent.


I give him a big hug.


Well, a couple of things, so I need more ink and paper, the kind to transcribe spells. Before I get to that, and before they go off on their drug party. Yes, before Jester goes.


Trying to open candy.


Oh my god, what is this? There's color changes happening.


Yeah me too, because I can't make it through the gates.


Oh my god, I will send all the letters, Cali!


This volcano-- do you live near here? This volcano really takes the piss out of you.


Show and tell!


Not so much interested in gold as in means of protection or healing.


Is it like a big--


No no.


Okay, okay, okay. The first one is 12, second one is nine, 18, 22 points of damage.


I have Entangle learned today. Could we fashion a quick Entangle trap, where when the guy steps into it he'll be entangled? Or I could maybe just be prepared for it?


Wait. Is it a cloak? Don't you already have a cloak on?


Take my cards, set the deck down. Put a question on the deck, whoever draws the highest card has to answer it.


We could have asked.


Eat that scry!


And then we can see what it does to creatures within its zone!


Oh, all right. I'm going to try to make this a--


So it wouldn't give us disadvantage, it would just be straight rolls?


I mean, do they?


'Course you are.


And I start poring through my notes for the name Raishan, because Keyleth believes she has heard that name before as one of the dragons, correct? One of the white--


Did I? No, I don't have advantage for these.


I'm allowed. Because I care.


I know, right? And think about my previous experience. There is nothing bad that has happened in what I've seen so far.


And there's enough in the interim for a short rest from us getting from there to the last day to where we're at?


Well, how hardy would you say the mental state of your companions is?


Yeah. You guys are going to love him. He is great.


And I walk over and stand behind her.


At the time, okay.


Fix everything.


Add the roll to one ability check.


You will not take credit for my kill. I have killed this thing and I want it to be watched. I am going to the authorities. We will bring them back and get this sorted.


Why don't we just kill them?


Yeah. All right. What was he like? What is he like?


Underwater?


Hey, Caleb?


So would it be a forceful hand?


Oh thank God! Okay, I feel better.


His dagger, the dagger - no, I’ve got your sword. And I toss it as we get dragged off. The dagger. Get the dagger for me!


Even that "undead wispy things," is that triggering anything in the brain?


Thoughts? We need a place to retreat to immediately.


Hold my antlers, girl.


If you want to wear them, yeah!


That's all.


Ahh. I'll go down and check on things downstairs.


You know, it was a good idea when he was still in the dragon.


Yeah, you have advantage.


Stick figure! (all laugh)


Grog, pick her up, she looks like she needs some water.


Oh, mining. I misunderstood that, too.


Bring out Minxie.


He's climbing the Cliffs of Insanity! (laughter)


Can we hang a sheet over her or something?


He was really dirty, covered in a lot of–


Remember, Scanlan is heading up towards you now as an eagle.


Yes! Who designed Vox Machina, and that was in our original fan contest that we did. We had that awesome design that was so cool that we decided to make that design, as well.


Play-Doh, we've got Play-Doh.


Moving on from that scene before they change their mind.


Okay, this is the one you licked.


It's just the bottom of the structure that curves around.


Who are you drinking?


Sure, three or four times. Three.


"Your eyes are like the sea?" We're in a landlocked part of the place here. She doesn't even know what that means.


What's the address, though?


We'll wait a few hours.


That was a good jingle, actually.


That's currently available in the store right now.


It was really great. It was really great?


(choking noises) Grog!


Okay, we're making some GIFs, right here.


Wait, and I can't--


Three to go? One, two, three?


Oh, is that box glowing?


I'm going to do it right now. I'm going to cast Move Earth.


She's going to rattle off some secrets.


Yep. And we know that Kord is on "he's-a-god."


Is he in white? Is that the color of robes he--


I mean... wow, guys.


Wait, is that a beer?


Oh. I'll take it. No, I've got it.


She's within three miles.


Kiki, don't kill yourself over this rock!


Ooh, that's 14.


It's just four, right?


Okay, so we have two enemies that are currently on their ship.


Nice. (Orion spits)


That would be a good idea.


Disa-fucking-vantage!


I'm going down, too.


There's no fire--


I've heard of them.


No, I got those a little earlier. We're okay. We're here. Okay.


Yeah, we do. We have 14 dragon teeth.


I take his head and I shove his nose and his face right above the map. And I say: use your nose.


So, 21, 31.


You too! I'm glad you're not in the war right now!


Have you been to Hupperdook?


Yeah, I think we've accidentally gotten shit-faced.


I'm gonna take a step back behind Trinket.


We're gonna drink most of it, but we're not gonna kill the kraken.


We are looking for the one-eyed merchant warrior who wears the coat of Cabal's Ruin.


I didn't have a place to stay.


I'm sure his family will miss him very much.


I will look for diamonds.


You survived, clearly. Somehow.


All right, before they walk off I go, oi! You made a deal for that one yet?


And tuck into this alcove, maybe?


Sentinels.


But the advantage cancels-- advantage?


And how much room is there behind her and the wall?


Aren't all Ashari the same?


Is Tooma with them?


Do they both hit or just the first? I'm only doing two.


You know, Pumat, I think will take you up on that enchantment, 80 gold. It's a bit more than I was hoping to spend. I could overhear you offering an incentive for being a return customer. I did enjoy, most recently, unfortunately, one of your healing potions. Perhaps if I purchased a healing potion and the transfer of the enchantments, we could find some sort of a deal?


There's mostly lounges in the mansion.


I think a monster would be down.


(whispering) 14.


I’ll hit it with my crossbow.


We just sneak in. Here's the thing. I don't know if you want to get all the crops all fancy, because it'll just feed the Briarwoods. Maybe just do the tree area, which will be like two hours, maybe.


Can I Druidcraft the table and take like the decaying food and maybe, I don't know, grow some flowers out of it, try to make it look nice?


Yes. Okay. Oh no. (sighs) Forgot to reckless. Can you call out reckless? I'm forgetting everything!


He definitely has.


So, you know.


I didn't say I was very smart.


You're intimidating as fuck, you know that?


But I want to--


Yeah, yeah. Toward everybody else, where all the danger is. The fun zone. Now, I have a question.


I thought he was going to the house where they--


In the meantime, though, can you think about something for me?


Not like the healing bonuses-- reactions.


A person or linked?


I think we can all ask.


Do it, Keyleth!


Which of the following is an actual enemy from the game Marvel Puzzle Quest, and which is the name of an actual movie starring Jean-Claude Van Damme.


It's her dude?


Glass-like.


I was not able to accompany her to the Pillow Trove.


This is the sound that I make. (high pitched goat-like yelps) (all laugh)


You only have what I told you later, it's pretty much--


I would like to rage... and run! (all laugh)


Three Vex's, I mean, it's kind of the same.


She's so nice!


But he got pushed ten feet back. And hey, I get a grit point back.


He's our personal trainer. We did a Hamilton work-out yesterday. Oh man, it was so cool.


First off, we're going to have the Spiritual Weapon take a swipe right at where the plates are already broken, and hit it again. Which is a bonus action, and a plus seven to hit. Oh, that's not it. It's around here somewhere. There it is. That's a 15.


For the second guy, I-- no, I'll just take it. Okay.


I'll give you one piece of advice, Dolan, though. I would challenge you to think about this for the night, think real long and hard, if you're willing to jump into the ring. Some pretty high-ranking asshole gladiators. Should probably be willing to take a few licks. Shut up.


Scanlan! Come up here!


I control the gloomstalker and make him screech.


That was great.


Perhaps, Fassbender, go into recharge mode? Or sleep mode? Perhaps? So that maybe it can regain some of its magic ability, which it might burn through? And two, and I'm surprised that I'm the one to mention this, but we should double-check to make sure that that thing isn't doing anything strange to your head.


It's like Left 4 Dead physics.


Oh, well--


He likes it when you're super chill and casual with him, so be cool.


What kind of species?


Is it Tara?


We missed you so much!


I agree. I think that's poppycock. We'll be fine.


I want to see Gilmore.


Both are very pleasant, but I do not necessarily need that to feel fulfilled.


Herr Pumat, I am considering spending about a thousand gold here and I'd be more likely to do so if maybe you could give us a better price for these things here.


Yeah, that's a two. All right. (laughter)


No smoke coming out of the cigarette.


Did she just hand me 13 gold?


I say  Stop! Stop! Make me the example. Stop. Just stop attacking them.


I'm Taliesin Jaffe.


Did he give that to us before?


Okay, well then, I'll go into the place.


It's my first one I've ever rolled. Five. Shit, what did I say?


Is he pulling a Dread Pirate Roberts?


Just those two?


Aw, fuck! I thought--


Oh. That makes sense.


I'm feeling all right, but--


We could attack them.


Yes, I'm foreign.


Well, I can't lift anything.


Thank you. And you. You called me darling. No one ever did that before. (growl)


I add six to the rolled HP?


In the direction the toad leapt.


Wait, I was awake too.


I don't have any strength. One, so that's ten.


Does one look like Gorilla Grodd and---


Well, I try to hide--


Peaced out.


Sure, I did really good.


Oh, no, I don't think so.


I don't know; can I move a Faerie Fire?


I gave you the big debrief with the arrow, I gave you the how-to--


(stage whisper) Don't do it!


Sleep is the best medicine.


Yeah. I relayed that all to them. There's nobody back there, right? Yeah. Seven feet tall. Easy.


I can take off my Bracers of Archery, too, and put something on--


No! No, okay. There's this tree in the Feywild and it might have a man living in it called Fenthras.


Oh, who did?


I use my bonus action to fire again.


We're gonna talk to Sondur and see, you know, why are you acting this way?


Are me and you in robes?


The figures in the distance. Can we tell by scale how big they are? Do they look humanoid or bigger?


Wait, Horris came with us?


21. (cheering)


Do they ship you?


I agree with Caduceus.


Hey, can you hear me? Yeah? You all right?


I'm there catatonic with an open deck of cards in my hand like this.


You look--


Why would you throw this to us?


(robotic voice) You have seven new messages. (laughter)


Baroness. Lady Vex'ahlia, Baroness of the Third House of Whitestone, Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt.


Can I be a door?


Triple dump!


Come on, Deuce. Drop that deuce.


Okay, I'm unconscious?


Who sent you?


I mean, clearly we've been fucking with you a little bit, but you have ability and skill, and that's not bullshit. Seriously.


Do the beads tend to react when they get closer to the lodestone?


No, I'm guessing.


What do the miners look like? Are they-- are they docile, or are they-- do they seem to be fighting back?


No. He's getting hit.


He fucked us.


Well, we could find one of your goliath friends, hold them hostage, and draw out Kevdak that way.


It's a look.


No, there hasn't. It's a lot in a few days.


Is goblin blood red or green? Red?


He wanted the orb to bring this thing to life.


I could stun somebody depending on how close I get. Maybe Lorenzo, try and square off against him. Of course all the spell-slingers are good to take out early as well.


And take your other hand, and you either make a boulder, a piece of paper, or a pair of shears. Right? And we do it on three.


Okay. I'm going to start conducting it and spinning, slashing, and then dropping it to the bloody ground.


We could make her walk first into the mines.


Oh, does he have a tiny armor mouse? Mouse armor!


We're all just aghast. Just like--


Burlap, it's all burlap.


These ears.


I've tried.


Drop me further!


Kill them?


Probably just tonight, because it'll probably be here in the morning.


Okay. And that's sneak attack, because he's got somebody close to him. Inside of him.


Do you detect anything sinister?


What are the odds you think that Yasha's on this island and she's going to come save us all?


This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, Kiki.


Do it! Put it in him!


Can someone handle the fucking meatball?


--have this as, like, their pets?


We don't know anything.


Velvet Cabaret?


Time 'til what?


I got ten, so I figured.


You've got to appreciate that, Travis.


I will-- I mean, again.


(whispering) You're talking to a tree?


I'll run over, and I'll kneel down next to Jester, and pick up her head and pour a health potion there.


As you run off I say  Meet us at the cart and horses.


Do you live on the island? Does Avantika live on the island?


I tell him to hold on to one end as I fly up.


I'm going to take out my swords, and just I'm going to try and cleave some of these tentacles off. See if I can start to get it to lose its grip. I'm going to take my first shot. I'm going to stop saying that. That's a 23 to hit.


Yeah. I say we're going to be-- Well, I explain to the horse that we're going to be moving south and I'd really appreciate their cooperation in the process, and how long we expect to be going for.


Is MTG, Magic the Gathering a tabletop? Is that considered tabletop?


It's a restoration spell, it's not a dispel.


Right, yeah.


How is my hand as big as yours now?! It doesn't make any sense!


We need a lead box. Should we go try to buy a lead box?


We could probably-- I know enough people to put together a group of carters to go up there and start fetching stuff down?


No, you don't need to do that. There's no need, Jester. We'll take a short rest afterwards. Just a quick little recon.


Him.


We're doing okay. We already got in touch with Ophelia, who is the woman we were supposed to get in contact with. We were like a day or so late, but she was fine with it. But she wanted us to go kill Lorenzo and the rest of the Iron Shepherds, so it was a very convenient killing one group of slavers with one stone.


That's okay, I'm just going to spend a spell slot.


We can be regular pirates now.


Well, I figure if we're going to be traveling together, we should probably have some supplies. I'm looking for some diamonds for some things I know how to do.


Don't downplay my special moment.


Hold Person.


They're not fresh.


Shaun, are you doing okay? You look a little worn out.


I was going to say.


You guys, I've never gotten morning after-- (laughter)


Empty. So how many in here?


Perhaps. [laughter]


Do the rest of us see this, by the way?


You know, there seems to be a lot of machinery knowledge and, like, heavy machinery knowledge. Was that also an interest of yours?


Okay, then I'll pick it!


Pretty inspired by your dick lightning, to be honest.


I breathed on the wall.


Keyleth's dead.


Should I get-- Yeah, the one that's damaged.


Stealth, stealth, stealth, stealth, stealth!


It could be a while. Well, back at the Righteous Brand when I snuck out, would it be possible for me to find an alleyway or somewhere secluded so I can cast Disguise Self on myself? Around myself, not as myself.


What color is the liquid?


It's okay, Grog! I'll be fine.


All right. So. Oh my god. (counting)


Is it glowing any more than--


We haven't plugged them in a while. Our wonderful charity that we support: 826LA. Go check them out. There's still a huge portion of our proceeds that go to 826LA every week and-- Well, they tutor children through the ages of kindergarten and 18, because kindergarten is an age, and help in creative writing and storytelling, and they also have cool store fronts all the way across the country. There's one in like San Fran. I know there's one in New York.


Can we try to catch-- can we try to-- what do I have?


I'd rather be cold than have bugs.


Good job, brother. Good job.


(laughing) Yeah he has.


Not my best night.


Oh wow. How far does your octopus' connection go for?


Me? 19.


The Arbiter.


I like the description.


You feel the same way, Knot sisters? Feel like this is karma on Gustav?


It's weird, you look older, but you act younger.


You sick bastard, Matt, I love you so much. Slash hate you.


Whose hand?


(singing) Don't you forget about me!


Should give you some light, Percy.


Yeah, but Bouldergut was there.


My turn. I am so tired of this slippery shit. I go into a frenzied rage!


And then double that? His crits don't get double?


Krull! I'm naming it Krull.


Oh, we're playing Pike?


Your eyes are two different colors, which is very interesting.


What was the servant's name?


Ironically is somewhere else entirely.


Activate number one or number two.


Yasha, please, Yasha.


Yes! Very helpful.


That's the best.


Thank you. That's very nice.


No! I'll tell you later!


My brother.


Do you bake cream puffs?


Yeah, we all do.


But gloriously.


I take it in the shoulder.


He wasn't doing his rage modifiers, so you could add that then, potentially?


And 25-- whoever wants to watch it.


Yes, I just was not expe-- you know, we've been through-- It's been a long day.


Tell her to get in line.


Go watch American Tail and Land Before Time.


Please both be old people. (laughter)


Yes. I will start on the one about fiends because it is topical!


6d8. I don't even know what those are. That's a ten.


Not yet, next week.


As the distraction, right?


Merchant warrior? No, not that one? Who the fuck are we trying to see?


Let's find out if you're a fiend or undead.


I'm Vox.


The Big O. We should say Big O.


It is beautiful. I love it so much. Perfect. Love it. That's a great birthday present.


Drama!


Did I learn anything from Seeker Asum?


You have advantage, roll twice.


It's probably tomorrow night.


Eight.


Can I also get-- if there's any powder left or anything, for myself, I would like to--


It's so good.


Okay. Ogden?


All of us can get in, but anybody else will set that off.


Most likely in an effort not to get flanked.


I'm going to shout  Kynan, you have a heart! Think of Emon! What are you doing? It's not too late!


But a very tiny dick, as was pointed out by our friend, Beau.


No, I just nod and hope that Thaddeus is listening.


Yeah, what are you in the mood for? Do you want something sweet or something savory?


No, I can't. It's only a self spell or else I would've. Oh, that's not too bad. Persuasion? 18.


Do you have a d8 I can borrow?


I'll do my Anti-Life Shell for the first hour. That way we all get an hour of good sleep.


There were six.


It could be like early morning and we could rest and then wake up in the middle of the night.


Our guests are like farm animals that we mine for loot.


(silly voice) Dungeons and Dragons!


Yeah, the city is crawling with illithid. But more on the northern edge, not so much here on the side. And it's a lot. It's not a few, it's a lot.


He gets three every turn?!


Do I get to chop him? I start chopping down the petrified alligator tree!


Maybe I should have found a tree less in the center of things.


56. All right. Yeah.


No, she's paying for that.


It just says 20-foot sphere.


Please give us your bow, yeah.


I raged.


He drops a little bit of--


It's a person that changes into animals, am I right?


How do we make a trammel? We have a stone, and we want more, I assume.


Do there appear to be any weak points in the metal anywhere?


That's how we did it at home, man!


No, we got an-- you really not following? I felt like that was really clear.


Thank god they're easy to hit. That's 16 points of damage and four psychic.


I put this on.


That's a terrible roll. I'm so sorry.


This pointy motherfucker?


But two are always gone.


And then if we get-- if we get just outside of the-- I'll wait.


Then we should go.


Calm yourself, Jester. Lock it up. Lock it up. Mount up, let's do this.


Yeah. Seems like the Empire has enough money to just throw at problems. I don't think that's going to change. Yeah.


Yeah. Don't they smell shit? He could help us find them.


Did we notice? Did we notice that the wall went down?


Shit. You came close to perma-death.


Is he coming with?


He's so tiny, I love little guys. I always have.


But only ten for Trinket.


She doesn't like it.


60, because I'm Sharpshooter.


And then after that it's Wil Wheaton and Will Friedle, so.


Fine, I'll just see if this fucking door is open. That's all I can do right now.


I don't get my turn until next round.


Rolled a nine.


No, I assure you, I am not.


We just watched the wyverns get obliterated trying to fly into the swirl at the top.


What else can we do to prepare?


I will not speak your name in public. I will not speak your name in private, to be honest. You'll just be Our Friend Downstairs for now.


But good and evil deities.


What is that? 32.


Scanlan Two only knows the songs of Scanlan, so he will sing, weirdly hollowly: (singing) When I get that feeling, I want Clarota healing. (laughter)


Hold on.


Okay, well how about half of us go to Lord Sutan's and half of us go check out Ren's.


I go stand right next to the stairway.


Let's see. Sorry, trying to do this... five plus 16, so 21 points of damage.


(sings) Matt owns tiny trees!


Yeah. I figure you're going to handle him. Grog, take care of these two. What do I see outside on the balcony?


Do I still have a second Blood Maledict, by the way, this round? I can spend another round doing it. I know we changed the rules slightly. At fifth level, do I get two uses or just two options?


Ten to attack.


It's not a catchphrase.


You've done a marvelous job, and we can't thank you enough. Let us help you with whatever--


They have an owner?


They're dwarves.


So no names. No specifics.


I start filling up the hole. (laughter)


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die, exiled from his herd. It was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale!


I'm going to do it 3rd-level, too.


I do. Did you make it back here okay, at night?


It's kind of a dick. Six.


You don't have to answer now.


So we’ve got like roughly 30k?


Does it sound like anything you know?


You did blurt that out.


That one was enchanted. Okay. Two enchantments. Yeah, all right.


Don't worry, we've got our secret weapon. Our secret weapon, by the way, now wants to kill all of us.


Are you whispering that to me?


I wonder what he's waiting for.


Move 15 feet? Okay. I will, can I, I can't take her hand and walk too, she can't move right now.


Hold onto it for now. It could come in handy.


P90X with Fassbender? (laughter)


I don't want to die. (yelling) Ugh! Goddamn it! That happened before!


Treguna mekoides--


So this has happened like six times now, where I go right after Beau, so Dancing Lights, excuse me.


I act like Percy.


That's what she does!


I'm back to 144.


Yeah, she fought bravely.


(laughs) I just chew on the patch.


You are blessed.


One and a half inches? Me, too. (all laugh)


In theory, if the trap is sprung it'll make enough ruckus that anyone in those trenches should hear it.


I feel like I'm going to throw up.


Then we can do whatever we want.


Oh that's right, I don't have to roll to hit. Just a wisdom saving throw. That's three points of damage.


So it's a big 180, going right up?


To punch ghosts.


I got really excited, I thought it was gonna be like a dice bug.


Come on in, come on in!


In Sam's honor.


Okay. (whimpers) Should we wait? We need to wait 24 hours to bring him back. It takes 24 hours?


I did a lot of drinking.


(Fonzie impressions) Hey.


And there's useful things in it.


It might’ve congealed a little bit actually, though.


It's going to appear next to the-- yeah, right there.


But he's Percy-sized right now.


Yeah, I see what you're saying. I'm going to pyramid him in, essentially. I'm going to try and make almost behind him is an auditorium and the front of him is a jabby ramp. Does that make sense? Auditorium?


Come on meteorite die, don't dick me.


That's probably the first laugh you get. I've been there. I lived there a long time. We could talk shop about that.


That is 15. Just by itself. So.


Everything will be better in the morning.


The general.


Why did I ask? That's an 18.


Can't we have two people on one whale? I feel like whales are very large.


(excited shouting) I found a hatch!


Mountain range.


Directly above the fountain.


I had the least vacation-y of anybody's vacation.


Don't give him ideas. Stop it.


I thought you had a cart; you were going to load our stuff onto your cart.


What kind of creatures are we talking? Beholder creatures, or big wolf-type creatures?


Yeah, we're going to go back to the group, I'm going to bring the arm.


How?!


I'm going to send my water elemental forward and see if it attracts its attention, since it's not a mortal.


Give me your other weapon.


I'm pretty sure he just said bagel.


Across the small of my back.


Well, Lockheed would be with--


That's a brilliant name.


Yes, yes.


To Grog! He was the dumbest of us all. He was the dumb and the dumb.


You send messages to Kiri?


We're going to be one down, then.


This is fucking dark.


Ah, shit! Our fate point.


Pass Without a Trace, I cast Pass Without a Trace.


How come he's getting a whisper and you're not getting a whisper? Hey, you guys (sobbing) check out those "How Do You Want to do This" hoodies-- (laughter)


I've seen that Tumblr post.


Do it!


Well, what's this big master plan you're all plotting?


He's a little what?


Do you have a bonus action you want to do?


Couple of chickens on it?


Very proud of you Grog.


I'm so happy to be here. How are you, how are you guys, are you okay, where are you at in terms of health?


It's okay. I have something else that's effective.


For what it's worth, Fjord, Soltryce Academy normally starts with younger students. Not exclusively, but generally.


Would we know that something is wrong?


It would be a massively dickish move.


From an imp?


You're probably more familiar with silk bindings.


If you come after us, would you please hide them under a stone or something?


We definitely have resources, time, and help.


Ironically, any town where you go to buy black powder, it's always him. It's really interesting. I don't know why.


Okay, I'm not talking about anything--


Seems the same as what he just said, we're not quite sure what to expect. Any tales or stories you can share?


Gentlemen. Do any of them look--


And it's a Bramble Shot. Do I have to say that before, too? Motherfucker.


(fake crying)


We don't want to sacrifice that.


We stay in the keep.


Yeah, I think that probably faded by now.


We haven't moved very far.


It'll be so good. It's going to be so beautiful.


She has seen them.


(chuckling, then laughing) Darling, you just put one obstacle between us. You know I'm just going to knock that one down, too.


I didn't think about the fact that it works in a different fucking plane.


I walk over to Keyleth. We need to talk. And I plant a big fucking kiss on her mouth, and then I turn to the rest of the group and say, nobody fucking touches me, do you understand?


That is darker.


He's suffered the loss of three of his--


That's-- okay.


Downstairs, I assume.


We'll be fine, we've never lost it before. There's eight of us, we'll be fine, let's go drinking.


If you had to trade places with one of us?


Get those monsters!


Would I go out of melee range of this guy? Would he get an attack of opportunity?


I play a little flute.


So if you fail a saving throw-- while you're raging, and I'm not.


That's a lot!


I will see you again.


(tinging)


This is dropping my Fog Cloud, since that was real fucking useful.


So 3 to 4 miles up, you said, from where we are at this point?


What did you say? What was your deal?


Oh! And I grab this one, too. There was one more that you didn't get to see.


I reach over and I grab Vax's hand.


Another for her as well.


He has tentacles now.


I'm going to burn my "ashton" as a "darsh." (laughter)


That means "convention".


Yes, let's go look.


Mermaids are part pretty people and part fish people.


Am I in there from the gust?


You'll like this. Pumat Sol is-- how would you describe? Unique?


Is it time?


Come by any time, we have a one-hour panel, we have a one-hour group signing, and we're at tables the rest of the time, so just come find us anytime during the day.


All right. Where's my intelligence-- there we are. That's a-- no, that's a nine.


Yes, sorry.


I want to see if I see this. I don't, do I?


Nobody we're looking for is going to be above us, right? They're going to be below the castle.


Yeah, I'm hyperventilating.


Can I take a bonus action to shout at her? Be like, "Calm down Kima! Jeez!"


Ashly, welcome to the show.


You've met Avantika, right? Sorry to interrupt. I don't want to cut off your weird evangelizing, but you've met Avantika?


Because I can't remember for sure, didn't, in our story somewhere, we come up with a solution for Pike's noisiness? Something that quieted her down?


Keep an eye on the odd one.


I think he was trying to upset the government, right? Create fractures, hope pressure would make things snap in the end?


Are they eating the solid fruit?


Oh, these fellows.


Can you rage at this thing when you--


So it's past the boob.


I'll go up front with Fjord.


Whenever we get done with the short rest, can Beau start peeking through and digging away at the collapsed entrance into that tunnel?


It's pretty well-cleaned though, so nothing is here that's good. Not even any bugs or anything.


Yes! Speaking of Mad Max again, because it's super cool, I've actually partnered with Twitch as of ten days ago, so I'm doing my Twitch and I've been playing the shit out of Mad Max, so follow me on there! Orionacaba at Twitch, and check that shit out.


You guys think you're gonna win this? You don't know Dick. Greyson, because that's my real name. I'm gonna play Bane.


Yeah, that's what I want.


I'd like to see the temple, if I can.


No, I want you to come straight to the bar. Straight to the bar.


Wait, we're just doing one flip?


Let's find a place. This will be where we leave, anyway.


Lots of scribbles in that book.


Well, yeah, look. It nearly killed me the one time I hit it.


Anyway, I don't want to bring out all of this stuff from the assassin guy in front of him!


No, I appreciate hearing the old tongue again.


It could just be a fight? Deplete us down.


All of the elemental realms overlap, which create our realm. Which is why there's gateways.


I am trying to cast Teleport. I do not have Teleport.


If you want to do CPR, whatever.


Did you see that? It was really trying. Dexterity check? Ten.


It was all your fault, really. You were very helpful.


One, two, three and we go.


Thank you Negihama!


Yes. All right, I'll see you all underneath.


I'd put your hand down. You see, I had a horrible day yesterday, and unless you want to end up like puppy-dog here, we'll all end up in a big pile of blood, unless you find a way to split your take with us, and maybe let us go on our way. You see, we're new in these parts, and we have a habit for killing.


(muffled screaming)


No, we're in it for what we can all grab together. That's how these things work.


We have horses, you can ride a horse.


All right. They're both within about 30 feet of me, yes?


One condition affecting and the condition can be blinded, deafened, paralyzed, or poisoned.


This happened at Ren Fair before.


It's within a thousand feet.


Was it? Was that it?


We'll know if we push it again then we did it the wrong order.


Oh my God. (all laugh)


Did you want to swing by and see if-- Yeah, can we pop into the other shop? The old Grace of the Wild and see if they have any healing potions, just to check out.


And I give him four more.


You find out afterwards.


He can't see me. Don't worry. (laughter)


Would you say he's on my chest?


Two paths. I want to examine the path to see if there's one that's been more trod.


Oh, good. Okay. Oh, natural 20!


Aren't you glad you weren't standing there by yourself for that?


We'll leave it, it'll be fine, daughter.


So we've got two rounds to--


Sounds great. Yeah.


-- and record my exploits.


I mean they're walking away, when their back is turned, could I do it when they're not paying attention?


She might be under a spell or something, a hypnosis spell. Hit her. Snap her out of it.


Daylight arrow! Now! And I prep my Daylight spell for whenever she draws her arrow. And I wait for as soon as I see the tip of her arrow to go.


I'm going to go--


Scry on her again!


I know. Fucker. 16, 18, 28. 28 with two points of necrotic.


This is, like, seven times more dangerous.


Oh wow!


Yep, a poison dagger, which gets three-- is nine, plus poison with a DC of 15?


And the only thing keeping the water from rushing in here is Keyleth?


I've seen The Love Boat.


I look back to the group and go, it won't open, it won't-- (laughter)


Cloak of Displacement?


Can I take the bonus attack now, to do the ki point and hold it?


We should keep looking. Anybody else want to look around the room for the circlet?


Just do some push-ups. Just do some push-ups while I check this ladder out. So I'm going to check for any traps on this ladder or anything.


You guys are doing good-- (bamfing noise).


How far away are they from me? Too far?


Lady Kima, the one we're trying to find?


Pike is just an inspirational poster today. Like, it's okay, we can do it!


Don't you have wings?


I know, I can tell!


Yeah, let's! Let's do it!


You get an attack of opportunity!


Yeah, that one hits.


Can I look, too, because we'd been fighting when we left, so I'm going to make sure--


May I see that?


Three daggers and lots of gold.


Gross.


Wait, to me?


There wasn't a teleportation circle to Vasselheim.


Ooh, run away!


With my fists!


Right in the nips?


At the bitch who attacked you.


I am yelling  Fjord! I am going to take a swing at the one that's looking a little rough. I believe it's that one, yeah. Oh my fucking god. 11.


I have that as well.


Business? What business, Gilmore?


Caleb's brain.


It's possible we can run straight into the ball.


He's 50 feet away, right now, and he's waiting to make noise.


(laughs) Walk around aggressively.


Yes, you should try it.


We're the deliverers of this town. Go. Spread the word. It all comes down tonight.


We might want to save that Turnt Undead.


No promises.


Okay, we're running out of the house.


Does he mean us, or?


Oh god, this is a terrible idea. I'm going to roll and hide behind that pillar behind me. If that's okay?


Strength saving? Nine.


Holy shit, man. I am so sorry we couldn't have been there to protect you from these attackers.


Do you want the rope?


She was married to Sylas.


Oh, I'm a guard. I mean, there's not really a name for what I do. I work for Uriel, I just-- I'm security, ma'am, and I thought I heard a noise in here. And I heard a body fall, I thought-- sounded like a body fell.


Roughly a minute later, I say  So you have been somewhat charmed by a circus carnie. It's going to be okay.


What's that there?


So he doesn't get to move, does he?


Shut up.


I'm coming too, I want to--


Are we down yet?


I think I need some sleep, you guys.


I'm not in this room.


Uh-huh. I can't promise there will be a lot of that but at least I know that you're DTF, cool. Caleb?


You're missing your friendo time, I understand. (all laugh)


(angry noise) I have a little collar. Does that help at all?


Also some candlesticks.


Say "fire" one more time.


You basically just got Netflix, that's really all that happened.


We do that and then we kind of take it like jazz on the day, you know?


Three, two, one. (swishing)


Wait a minute, is it really the Bay of Gifts? With a "T"?


This is my karma!


Sure, let's go with that. But maybe if we could procure a lead box to put this inside of, that will shield it from any possible searching that could happen for it.


It'll be fine.


There are chests about.


Going to take a shot. Yeah, let's take another shot. Probably got a low AC. Let's make this a sharpshooter, just for fun. Yeah. That's a sharpshooter shot, so that's a 24 to hit?


And it's gone.


Yeah. From The Gentleman.


Is it as tall as she is?


I figured it would be a good idea. I've had my fill of gods, but I'm not so foolish to think that we do not need them still. This is here when you need it.


There. There's a dragon.


I take out my piece of wire and I do my incantation and I whisper to it and I say: Did the skeleton come to life and kill you? Please respond to this message.


They can't see it because it's off; they won't be able to see it.


Congrats man, congrats buddy. Hashtag booked it!


I was actually thinking the same thing, I don't understand how that was--


In stone. I've got a terrible idea.


So you think if your bullets were to pierce out through this bubble, they could still go a ways.


Yes, sir!


Yes? I go get a horse for Grog.


All right. If you suck on them a little bit they act like "logenzes."


That’s who owed us.


(laughs) (quietly) I'm gonna move over here.


Yeah, a lot, 22.


He's going to throw a boulder at us.


All right. But what if someone attacks us?


He's doing.


Can I count it?


Believe! You hear that? Holy shit, I got it right! As I was saying. Orly, if you would, please plot us a course to the Bisaft Isle.


If I burn a grit point for an arm shot, can I make him drop his hand?


But somebody has to look at the big picture. And sometimes that's us, and usually it's unpleasant. But somebody needs to do it.


(whispering) Oh, natural one.


The little coffin.


Maybe. Maybe I would have turned out a little bit more like you. I admire that in you. In my loneliness, I got angry and turned to bad things, but in your loneliness, you turned to creativity. I think that's beautiful. I really do.


(laughs) 1.


How soon?


What did it look like? Cure Wounds.


Okay! So I'm going to-- Tried and true right now. I'm going to Guiding Bolt at 6th-level.


Bad news.


Not. Necessary. Working on it.


This book sucks.


Push me a little more against the wall.


If my passive perception's higher than my roll--


I actually have no idea how to roll for an attack for this. I have no idea how it works, so I can roll and tell you what I roll.


Can I roll my dice while they're reading a contract?


You appreciate grass?


We don't have a cart to block the road with.


See how tall it is.


At the bow of the ship, heading for --


Darkvision, yes.


Just did a little bit of training. Not a ton, but maybe, we'll see. I also went to check on great-great-grandpappy Wilhand to see how he was doing, and he's doing fine. He's older.


Vafall.


That's it?!


A pet store?


Kin.


I'll take Caleb's share and give it to him.


I can't imagine why?


It's a good plan, Grog.


We're in big trouble.


If you want to reach in here and reach in my bag. Oh.


From Lillith and Zahra?


Is that a yes?


You think he'll be guilted?


Remnants?


Okay. What about-- no, I know that guy. Nope, I didn't.


And another shot, same thing, with advantage. That's fine. 24?


I pull the chain back, catch it with my hasted action, throw it again. Reckless.


Okay. I've got to get the hell out of here, guys. Okay, tell me this, Dungeon Master.


Find a new place?


Are you? How are you drunk?


It seems like you're just fucking with me. (all laugh)


This is exciting for us. (laughter)


You're not sure.


You said 3d6?


And then that one definitely doesn't hit.


100 feet, I take it back.


That's my favorite condition  is not drowning yet.


Declare.


Sylas and Delilah? (singing) Hey there, Delilah.


Earthbind?


So it was nine plus what? 20?


Of course. It was the least we can do. We trust with this information and the right things occurring in the next few days, you can find your way to some prosperous moves for this city.


Wait, we haven't eaten-- oh yes, we have. Sorry.


Fjord, you got a plan? Jester?


I love that you're actually being a badass where no one can see.


We haven't even eaten yet.


Wait, is it the same... maybe it is something big blocking it, with like an invisible field? I don't know. I don't know.


(pterodactyl screech)


I put it in my--


Break the news to dad, yeah?


Ah, he's moving!


Oh my goodness gracious! So yeah, starting today, there will be a couple of Critmas hoodies available in the Geek and Sundry store, so Marisha, if you want to hold up one?


Bulette.


I don't. Can I examine it to see if there's any markings, any hidden anything on it?


(laughs) Wet-erase boards. (all laugh)


I don't understand. There's not a lot of shade. It's noon.


Or hit the fucking manticore. You got to unfreeze me, too.


Don't make me take my earrings off.


But all the same, that is a very good idea, Grog.


Okay. I will use my movement to-- where the fuck am I? To run towards the pedestal. Actually, I'm sorry. Let's come this way, to Jester.


I'm gonna have one more try at this.


I don't even know if I have a full hour left on my form. That's the only problem. That's why I would need help, but--


Oh, the magic carpet, hold on.


Oh yeah that's right, I did write it down.


I can inspire myself?


I was a guest at Archon once. Pretty good convention.


At the end of their turns, they must succeed on a dexterity saving throw--


I'm excited to see what insane shit I can do. My proficiency bonus, did it automatically go up?


Hello.


He crit?


Yeah, right? What is the saving throw?


Is it my turn with the dodecahedron?


I check for traps on the door. That is a 24.


Zero books.


Well, that's the next 30 minutes.


How much have you built back already?


What is it? 29.


I'll hand that plate of food over to Nott There you go. No, it's not for you!


Thought we could let you decide for yourself.


I'm made of smoke.


No, but we'd have to walk all the fuck back!


I reach on the table and I grab what I'm sure is a whole chicken sitting there.


And it has eyeballs.


17, but I'm not trained in it.


Oh, well, Herr Clay, we come to you with a great tragedy.


It's still there. Maybe when we leave, we can crash it down.


Think we're already out.


Kill those guys.


By the way, Liam, if you don't have this ability, I want to see this even more.


Yeah, I might fuck up the bigger pieces.


Oh, hang on, before we all leave. Vex and Vax, what did your dad do back in the day? Because he knows Allura and he talked about knowing Thordak.


He wouldn't?


Now. 11.


Did they say where we were going to be put up, our lodging?


No, the valva--


Nothing great.


But half of the party is still not able to escape.


It's easier than the actual name.


I'll make a perception check. Let's see if you'll roll a one again. No, that's much better. 28.


Oh, well fine.


Oh, all right. Tell us about Avantika.


The tiniest little owl that ever existed. This is a loaner.


It was a terrible fall. Give me one second.


It is a little cocked, but barely cocked. Ten.


How drunk are you?


Wow! I hear they're haunted. Are they haunted?


Oh yeah, probably. Eight.


Caliber?


Seriously? Wait, so does he give discounts to family members?


And that's 16 points of damage and one point of psychic damage.


Did you see the mushroom houses?


We should have sung "One Day More."


You've got to put it on Scanlan.


All right, double hexed.


Primordial, Druidic, Sylvan. Elven.


Pucker up, baby, pucker up.


Taking another shot at him.


Oh look, and it's green. You're winning green speckled dice, like squid colors.


You chose wisely.


Disadvantage. Not good.


Would you join in in the stand off?


Just kidding, I'm just so excited! 11.


See if we can grab the orb. I'm gonna run downstairs and see if I can see paperwork in the captain's quarters or anything-- or run in the captain's quarters and just do a massive loot, really, just as quick as I can.


Not great damage. Seven damage.


I can also cast Flatulence.


Well, we went over the top of it, and kind of looked down.


I really do get that thing, though, I really do. But no, I'm okay. We're fine. Everything's fine. Except Scanlan's still unconscious, so maybe we should go see if he's all right?


Oh, ah!


Yasha, this is really important.


For you, we'll find a fake mustache or something?


Oh, so it's 151. Anything else of interest or otherwise? Maybe some good beverages or otherwise there?


That's nice. Well, I hope it works.


We have trained and tamed wyverns which we have utilized and they are part of our culture.


(singing) Get it girl, get it, get it girl.


One question that


Hopefully they'll be affected by the censer.


Oh, ah. (all laugh)


Do I see any of the blood? Passive perception?


Caleb, how're you feeling?


Am I just there, or am I off the map?


I was heading that way myself.


I don't know about that. That sounds risky, I don't know.


Two gentlemen!


She's currently in ethereal form drifting down; we should see what happens with that.


Attack Grog again.


I'm so glad you're first. That's great.


Do you guys feel like cuddling?


Go back the other way.


Puddins, Pike.


So we could claim that he never paid due and we are looking for some sort of representation to try and get our money from the Baumbauchs?


There's seven children in this family, I think they're used to some tomfoolery.


Could you please come cast Pull This Lamppost Out of My Stomach?


Dump it, dude.


65, 61, 51, 44, 39, 27, 33, 26, 17, eight.


Roll better. Shit fuck balls ass. Three.


It's hard to see the smaller ones.


Before we go, I yell as loud as I can to Pike to inspire her with my bonus action first.


Fire and ice.


Don't say those things out loud.


Vax, if you would be so kind?


Tell them--


It is on your body.


He's on death's door, guys. We got him.


All right. I'm going to blunt-edge him three times.


There's nothing over here on my side.


We're on rough terrain right now?


(imitating Clarota) I'm on your head.


I'm on the fence.


That also hits.


So collapsing the tunnels didn't really do that much.


Where are y'all going?


And I should have done this a couple of weeks ago, but Transformers: Robots in Disguise is now on the telly, and I play a Decepticon named Underbite, who eats everything. It's a really well done show, and Decepticons are better than Autobots, and check it out.


I have two cards and I'm going to also play the Batman. You've been picked on a lot, Poison Ivy.


I told you, yeah.


I give him a-- from a distance.


Sure, I'm bigger than you.


I use Mending on my eye.


Rub it in. I'm sharpening my ax.


There's nobody in? I'd like to, at the window, listen and use perception to see if I can tell if anyone's inside.


I don't like new people right now, as of yesterday!


He does have the third lodestone!


It's a good system, right?


But nothing in addition to that.


I'm just sitting by the fire, so.


To attack-- I've already burned it, and it laughed it off. Just to attack the kraken--


Let's keep moving in, yes? There's nothing gained by staying up here.


It's all black velvet. The way the audience thinks Vax looks, that's what I look like right now.


I didn't know it was going to disappear, to be fair. I thought that maybe I could stop what was happening to me. I panicked.


If you're not planning on bouncing tout suite, might be a fair way to find our way in the town.


That's a good idea, Vex.


Oh, can I just dip one arrow in, then, right now?


I'm gonna get some coffee.


That smells delicious. I want to eat it. Or is that you? No, it's not you.


You guys get 20.


Circlet. Would you be able to control Fassbender?


Which we can facilitate?


So where's this laser pointer?


I'm going to look at the--


All right. Athletics or acrobatics? Athletics?


We don't have a lot of magic wielders with us, though.


Yes, let's do.


Oh, hey, thanks guys! It's like I'm part of the crew. Okay. So I'm rolling perception?


I say we take this deal, kill that employer, and go to prison. Oh my god--


This is on you, Grog. No, don't use any spells. Don't use any spells. Grog, punch through this shit.


All right, so you start with an, "I'm coming down," or something and then you'll "come down."


Did you try winking?


Mm-hmm. Two shots.


Pass it over.


A band of--


For a fog scroll?


In tempo.


Yeah! Course I can! That's a vast cavern down there.


I'm only saying, maybe it's empty, right?


Yeah, that makes two of us, Nila. I don't know; that's where the Marduns are. You were looking for them anyway, right?


That's badass.


You dropped this money. (whispering) Where do we find Lord Sutan?


I'm just going to walk out into it.


Sovereign Uriel knows you have Daxio here. Uriel wants him. You are in danger. This whole organisation is in danger with him here.


Well, that's weird.


Are you gonna try to Lightning Bolt an entire line?


Well, that's my kind of ridiculous.


Didn't you say one of them was with a circlet?


She's all focused on the business, and taking it over when Dad's ready to retire.


But yeah. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Thank you guys. You can get it on Steam, Amazon App Store, Google Play, Apple Store-- it's all over the place.


You did this! If I die it's on your head!


Hey, B-T-dubs, I've just learned that Whisper can only bamf me once per round, right?


Welcome to my world, man.


They'll be back next week.


Not all miracles have to be deadly.


She would want the third.


Okay, go for it.


With the actual honeycomb in it?


Oh, shitcakes.


--is what I'm saying.


Did she used to be a person and you shrunk her down?


It's a pizza pie with a pizza slice. I turn 180 and get ready for the other one.


Well, that might be dangerous.


I was about to say, before I do that, I'm going to use a bonus action to do a quick heal. I'm going to use second wind.


Stunning Strike. Is that a ki thing?


I think we have to kill Kerrion Stonefell.


Ooh. So they both hit, so that's good. So that's going to be-- or all three, then, because the other one is 21 to hit.


I guess we have to leave the Tri-Spire then.


Why, I do declare.


Yeah! All right!


Man, that was more than I thought.


I am rocking today.


Well, let's just go.


Ten. Whoa. What? You guys are all single digits? Oh boy!


Okay, okay! I've got something. Can I bring my duplicate up next to me? For my bonus action.


A spell. But it's a surprise attack.


It's only a ten. It's okay.


Okay. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians on myself.


Feeding her a basic.


I feel like we've desecrated relics before.


Do you see what I'm doing?


You know, we could try to work our way up the opposite side of the chasm.


You're halfway there.


Nott, you and I have to make some decisions right now, okay?


You have to stop thinking that all people who look like each other know everybody.


Well, you're welcome to go in, if you like.


It's a real fight!


Another 20 points of damage.


Five to ten minutes of hopping from ground to window a bunch of times, all I find are patient rooms. No sort of office or anything else?


They could possibly turn on us, though.


That seems like a really good idea actually. I should start doing that.


Your head is so puny.


It's an expression.


The only people we need to get on it are Percy and Pike. Everybody else can fly. Unless Keyleth is out of--


Shadygrove?


Elvish, Common, Undercommon, Abyssal, and Draconic.


Go fuck yourself! No!


Honestly, it was mostly just to take care of our little problem, and in return, I have the option of--


I thank you for seeing us at this late hour, and I wish you luck in the defense of this temple and this city.


You're the only person alive.


No, no look at it - it’s brown. It’s brown, it’s earthy.


I can also heal you.


I was caught up in a moment of passion! I'm sorry!


Nott's fake Myriad note we're leaving here, so I pull that out of Nott's pockets.


I'm sorry, sir. No, it's all right.


Okay okay okay! Okay!


Just kidding!


Oh my gosh Keyleth, you're so smart!


That's good. That's a 29.


We're both at the door and I called out, so I guess we'll wait a moment to see if he'll--


Lower fangs?


Taryon's still asleep.


This is super, super powerful.


That's a wisdom saving throw? It's right here so it's-- why is it not saying these things?


3d8 plus 12. Okay, that's the same thing as last time, so 17 plus 12.


Does it have any paper?


Fuck. I guess I'm gonna Hail of Thorns him.


That gives everybody advantage on wisdom saving throws and death saving throws, and any time you're healed, you regain the maximum number of hit points.


Should we get out of here?


Wait, so the wall that we came in through?


This one?


Yeah, if she wants to study it or use it or transform it into something, we don't give it to her, we try to destroy it ourselves. If she wants to banish it and do something that Tiberius is happy with, then we go like, "Hey, we have it."


It's 18. It landed in my box, but it landed up.


Yeah, and Pike and I cast whenever seems appropriate.


Are we all back together again? Over breakfast?


Oh, when it counts.


I'm going to feed him the goodberry.


Zero points of damage to me.


Something's got to change here. I can't live. I can't give them what they want. I can't feed him. What are we fucking supposed to do here?


What side are you on?


No, I showed it to them, proving that my quest was true, which they gave me full ambassadorship, which means that, if harm comes to a Stormwind, harm comes to all of Draconia. And a town full of vampires and liches--


Um. 25.


Sure. How far away is that guy from the pit?


It might, but it might just do the (buzzing, exploding).


I also think I probably sent a letter to Pike to let her know that we're safe and we survived everything, and that she would've been at Winter's Crest.


Aw, Pythagoras's theorem, man, c'mon, that's right at 60, right?


Why doesn't anyone go outside at night?


I drop the wind wall.


Oh, well if, at the end of the round, have I not gone yet?


He throws water at us.


We don't have acid.


Have they already slashed the sails?


Senokir, hold?


What is 'our kind' supposed to mean?


Okay, ten on the first, ten on the second.


A former doctor?! Sign me up! (laughter)


Well, Matt does it all the time.


I say, in the morning we take a look at the passage, see how well-guarded it is. And if it looks dangerous, sneak our way into the town. If people are not enthralled, if they are being forced to work, then maybe we can find some allies.


There is a very pretty lady over there, with slightly pointy ears. (whispering) I'm talking about you or you. (normal volume) There's two of them! They were actually wanting to ask you a question if you wouldn't mind.


My shortbow.


Oh, you saved it! (inhales)


Halved twice, I should be quarter, right? If I made the save?


(high-pitched) Well.


How close are we to the other houses at this point? To the boys?


Nostoc?


Who's he?


I remember where we found the stone.


And I look on the ground and see if I can find multiple sets of footsteps as well.


You got a 20?


Make it better.


That breaks concentration, right?


Oh, I didn't get it yet? I thought she put it in my hands. All right.


Of the crimson variety?


So 6d6 on him.


Does this have to do with dragons? Is it an investigation about dragons?


I can, though. I still have wings.


You're grappling him too, right?


Well, I mean, if they just asked I would've-- I don't know. Okay.


I push it out and continue to focus.


Can I keep going, down the hallway?


How is a cat going to lift up a rope?


17. That is probably going to hit. That is a 30 on the first one. Nope, 25. Minus five. 25 on the first one.


Well, if it is this thing that we've read about in the book, then perhaps he needed to feed more or was impatient for some reason?


I want to stand on the cart and stand up for the ride and look around.


Is it worth seeing if it’s going to-- well, it’s blinded, so it’s got disadvantage if it tries to even hit me with an attack, so I’m going to try and back off and climb up that little hill.


Are you cold?


I think we want to observe it and rest up.


You have Feather Fall. So you want charisma.


Watch out for that rune. It's still on.


Good, good, you guys didn't seem awkward at all while I walked up.


I have dust of tracelessness.


I was the bad cop!


Oh, come up here please...


Take a tiny bit in it, wrap it in a little bit of parchment, stick it in the secret compartment of the hilt of the sword.


I go dig through my books and find it.


We always have rooms at Slayer's Take, remember.


You smell fine.


Scanlan, do you wanna actually sit on my lap so you don't have to suffer through the indignity that Vax just did?


I underestimated the amount of damage he would do to us.


I think he knows we're here. But he's a slimy undead troll-like guy.


If they end their turn or the first time it hits them...


--the Bag of Colding. Might be wise.


I love how nobody's saying shit, 'cause we're all terrified.


Now I have to roll for stealth, right?


Some bone broth, maybe?


You're a cock.


Oh, that's right. Now me and Caleb will do it. You stand on our shoulders. You wave the ribbon.


Or you could just hang in Whitestone.


Hold on, I still have a bonus attack I can do before that happens, correct?


I go ahead and do a reach-around, I suppose.


Sorcerers. Barbarians. There's a little shit that's a rogue.


That was the worst. Still not great.


Oh, I'm sorry, I was-- It's just the-- Just keep it. It's just the stress of the night.


No, I need the broom to get away!


Maybe your ankle or calf, you could put them on. Or sell them and then you could put them to use.


Looking really rough?


It seems all the poison came from his head, so I'll remove that from his body.


Does Cassandra's charm come from Sylas or Lady Briarwood?


Are they not? Because I'll use that Grit point for something else, if--


I'm getting mixed messages.


Of the Crucible. You know.


You have enough gold to cover it?


We found a troll and we killed it.


Caleb storms off into the woods.


He did! Very good, Caleb! It's a tell, is what it is.


Would've been fucking amazing.


Oh, awesome. That helped.


Yeah, laugh. Laugh it up. I'm pregnant! (laughter)


Oh, right. Well, how about a couple hours?


It just said, "Do not enter."


Yeah, from the brazier-- Frasier Crane. Looking at the door that we came in. Right?


How was he?


I have two more shots, and then I have to reload. I'm keeping track. I'm being good. Let's hit her in the legs.


I drop Disguise Self.


I'm so nervous.


Come on, punch it in its big brain anus.


We're droppin' like flies!


We can't break the stone.


Oh, Tiberius, our soft, vulnerable spot.


I thought that was a little too dark.


Have you never kissed someone?


Don't go in there.


Oh, and the Blazing Bowstring. Six additional from that.


Can I do a passive perception check to see if I notice him sneaking away?


It doesn't move.


Persuade those bats.


I'm going to let you speak, and we're going to have a conversation. Given where you are, the circumstances that we find you in, I'm going to let you know that there is a curse upon my weapon, and the souls that are killed with this weapon are claimed by a demon named Orthax. Now, I haven't experimented as to what happens when somebody's soul is claimed by more than one creature, but I'm excited to find out. So wouldn't it be interesting if everything you've been promised here is suddenly null and void? So, yes, we may threaten your life, but I want you to know that what's really at stake here is just precisely what's left of your soul, so answer with caution. And I unlock.


Just the break from the heat is the only thing that would force us to deny your hospitality.


Be at range, bitch!


Will you stay close to me down there, please?


Because I know sailors.


Did you find some paper?


(counting) 20. 20 times--is 40 plus four. 44, that's the first dagger?


What would be the odds of that one guard seeing him? This is a very big city.


You will tell us everything you've seen.


I like your smile. (laughter)


Scanlan, he's nipping! Scanlan. Tiberius is nipping. Please.


I mean, as soon as Sylas isn't there, he's going to know we're here.


I grab the door and shut it.


What does it want from you in return?


Yeah actually, have you ever seen this shrinking potion work, like, how small does something get?


That's how we do it at home, is you raise your hand.


Oh, breaking out the foliage!


Jurassic Park rules.


I'm going to guess that I have two or three minutes left on Detect Magic, so does the door seem clear of that?


That is an eight, plus the poison has a DC of 15.


Yorick.


Picking your dice.


Can we walk and talk?


Good morning Tiberius.


Clicking the Boots of Haste. I'm going to now-- I know that there's a clot of people, but I have a lot of movement now, so I'm going to slide back towards Grog? No, towards Tova. That's a big bear at the other entrance. Towards the other entrance. Oh, that's a wall.


For the Tonight Show?


What a perfect time to get your friends hooked.


They know the layout of this prison.


He can go all night long.


Well, he's going to take us where we need to go.


I would guess light armor, I imagine.


I'm a big fan of all your decisions, keep making them.


There's nothing at Pumat's anymore.


Maybe that’s when Fjord can come and relieve the guards?


I can't do that. You keep forgetting that's you who can do that.


Don't fuck with someone's mom.


With the tree, man.


Yeah. It went all anime.


Hey, but, I try to stop him!


What is happening? I don't know anymore.


They knew about the others.


Jester, don't you think that if that was the Traveler he would have said, "Hey. I'm the Traveler."


What if Vex and I went as mist, just the two of us, quickly? Just the two of us.


Yeah, I do. From Pike, anytime.


Action. Okay. Well then, I'm going to throw a dagger at the back of the frost one.


Captain Twitchwood. Do you know him?


Is it? Are we?


I've spent the last ten minutes while he's kicking that guy's ass to find a soldier or somebody in the crowd to bet.


Here's the thing. If he doesn't have Stoneskin, I probably won't let him charge.


The one who looks the meanest.


Like that giant, stinking flower. Grog took a bite of the giant, stinking flower.


ALF, please don't eat the blink dog. (laughter)


Want to run those numbers again for the calculator?


Yeah. That's good thinking.


Maybe they're terribly irresponsible.


Moderate?


Vox Joey.


You could. He's not going to be into it.


No, no. I've done so much this turn.


Casts a spell?


But do it really fast!


I love walking on the wall.


Does that mean I should go talk to Melora?


You traveled to a separate hemisphere to be a messenger.


No, it was the amber one.


Hey! It's too soon!


Did he know where you were?


As we're heading down, I lean over to Beau.


This one did die!


I'm going to clock around him, clockwise.


(shouting) Pike?


We could try!


I mean, I think she can hear me talking through the door.


I got an eight.


This has never-- anything like this has ever happened before. And thank you. For the record, I don't owe any of you anything--


What time did he say it was?


You've got the mansion.


Ooh, the in-suck is the worst!


There was that sea of glass.


I came though Alfield, didn't I?


Remember the symbol that had--


Man, this is exciting.


Well, I assume so. How old are you people?


We're not going to make it through all of them.


Not if we wear our--


Is Lockheed still on my shoulder?


Great. We're all clear!


We're gonna drink most of it.


We can't charge, there's a chasm.


He got Tolled.


On the raft.


Jester, will you hold up that letter so that I can see the drawing, please?


Oh my god. It just gets better!


So that's a 17.


Three times! But I've done nothing!


Now I can do my crazy-ass shit. So, out of instinct, the heels click together, the boots go on, the world slows down as I speed up and in that split second, in a millisecond, I think, "he's gone to all this trouble to get me here, the door behind me could very well be locked. Also, he knows everything. He knows about Whitestone. If he leaves, he can tell the Conclave and if I run, he's gone." So instead... he's right in front of me, yeah? Okay. I would like to grapple him.


Look. You know. It's really complicated right now, and I'm trying this whole "allowing myself to feel things" thing.


We have to be on the carpet? Is that a carpet joke?


We're hunting another dragon.


Oh no. Wait, I can't see. I forgot my glasses.


Yeah. You know, I'll keep him on standby in case people catch on fire.


Is it my imagination that Gilmore is blond, by the way? Does everybody else see Gilmore as very blond?


We'll also need some operating capital for this. It sounds dangerous, so we will take the job, but we will need to also charge a very reasonable fee, I think, on top of this.


All right, this is how much time we have to plan in the moment as this is happening.


We're going to a place.


I'm going to lay down and take a short rest, as Beau's feeling rough.


Then the second one hits as well, 17 plus 12.


Okay. I will keep it on.


And that's-- oh my fucking god! 20 points of damage, plus one point of psychic damage.


He's rolling, he's rolling!


I look at Molly and I take out my bo staff. I say: Parry! and I go whack with the sword. See if anything happens.


This is a very girly game today.


We have --hold on, let me look.


I'm going into his guts.


I'll go down with Scanlan on the other one so I can ranged attack--


Whoa. That's pretty cool.


It's so cute!


So when he crashes, right at that moment, I ask Schmidt to move the bucket three feet closer to us. Low to the ground.


I might take you up on that, yeah.


Which one? Because they're all odd.


Are we in the tavern?


I did that.


Like, pukey or like the other one?


Ugh, no!


Happy birthday, Matthew.


It doesn't look burned anymore, does it?


By the way, the Whitestone guards are shit.


(laughs) Are you listening?


I make two attacks on him before anything happens, anyway.


Any I'd recognize? I was on a boat for quite a while, as well.


We're up above, though? Or are we on ground level at this point?


There's even beds.


She's stone! It doesn't matter!


Except Beau can't make herself look like anything else.


I'm walking upstairs.


Look at two unicorns inside?


Who's the letter carrier and how's he going to get out of this city that's protected by an invisible wall?


Okay. That's good. 24.


The same blacksmith?


Not exactly.


Wait, are you talking about Polymorph or True Polymorph right now?


He talked a lot of family to you?


Two natural 20s in a row!?


1d8 plus three. Where's my d8? Ten.


The first one was 26 damage.


They didn't get back up?


You're right, he's not.


Wait, where are we running?


I will wander back to the bees.


I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder. (laughter)


I'm coming in.


No, we'd just have to release a couple of devils into the material plane.


Temple of Bahamut.


We never found the theater.


I knocked one off the plank.


I drag her to her feet. Walk her over to the edge of the cliff where the water is, and hold her. Knife still at her neck. Tell this one: Now's her last chance to give us anything useful to lead to her boss, I guess.


I rolled 18 for me. Oh, that's good. 19 for Grog.


Human relations.


Aren't you far away?


Fuck the rules. Give me saline or give me death.


Leave it alone. Hit the other one.


Go ahead and bring him on?


She told us to release Yenk--


This guy's gonna get a brand-new hand!


Really? Well, you should get ready for a long labor, this one could take up to 36 hours--


I'm blaming the shirt, man.


Because he's stunned?


(yelling) We're trying to sleep for gods' sakes!


That was gold and white ceremonial armor. Yeah, but I'm sure--


Reggie. I'm disappointed, Reggie. I don't know what else to say. Let's go. (laughter)


Oh fuck! From the two strikes to it? Her rapier, or--?


Tune in for the beholder fight three weeks from today!


The seams?


We should definitely attack during the day.


You get ten.


But good friends never let you forget, Matt.


Well, they were, that's very disrespectful of you, I don't appreciate it.


I have many pockets, of course I have pockets.


That's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. In the fight with Ripley.


Can I help him?


We could've found you in a magical shop.


I'm with you now.


I'm not sure what that's for--


Hang on. This thing has been a problem for years, the clockwork warden? Why don't we just go, finish our stuff, we have to cross back through here, anyway.


That was attack of opportunity.


We have.


That's later.


Do you have a bathroom around here?


And Jester is with you.


I could certainly make an appearance of Yenk.


Ooh, I feel better.


He is south of the Frostweald, in the mountains.


You're the only one who can use it.


I know how bags of holding work.


Beau? Point us in the direction that your boyfriend alluded to.


Well yeah, but--


(whispering) I don't know what's going on.


No, this is my first time looking at it, but I'll tell you what, it sure is... great.


Except I'm exhausted, right? So I have disadvantage anyway.


A siege.


Well, you see, I'm from out of town-- I'm Tracy, by the way. What's your name?


How high is Sondur?


When? Why do you keep saying it?


That's 13 points of damage.


No, I saw the shape. It's not dark, there's a fire here.


Well I assume, as soon as we see it start to shrink, we stop! We cut off the line.


Not so great. 23.


Yeah, it's really not filling at all. It's terrible.


I'm just hanging out. I grab the earring and I say: Will someone please do me a favor? Will you look for Arkhan's hand? Find me that hand.


Was she here in the square with you?


Wait, I have to tell a level, don't I?


Once we kill him, his gauntlets are going to be there, we have to go in and get his gauntlets.


And you're out!


Chicago is a tiny town, though. There's not really a lot that's there. It's a couple trains or little puddle-jumper flights to get there.


Can I say anything to him in the process?


If we went down to the docks where he worked, is there anyone that we should ask for, to speak to, who might have known him better?


Hey Molly, you want to mock this asshole to death?


No chimneys.


Oh, well. I was turned to stone recently and I don't have two arms anymore. I have one. I can still roll dice though and I have maps and I have a compass and I am the least dangerous person at the tables. I'm not level one in anything, really, except maps. I'm level 15 in maps. I'm just happy to be here and be alive. Mostly.


I sit down on the bed with you. Well, it just seemed like the logical thing to do, dear.


There is no body?


But it's my sword.


Yeah, there's also D&D board games. Branded D&D board games that are fun. Mini dungeon delvers. They're fun.


Let's table that for now. I'm worried what will happen if this specifically goes into that bag.


My childhood damage-- Insight check!


There was a little hiccup.


Yeah, I got a flask.


When you dry-age meat like that, salt it first, then hang it. Just a pro tip.


Well, judging by Nott's reaction right now, and we've already seen that these people hunt, so clearly this fruit isn't their main food supply.


(high-pitched) Peter Frostbucket! I seek Lord of the Quad Roads!


Oh good, my modifier's negative 2, so yippee-kye-ay-eh. Six.


I was just looking!


(shushing) Lay him down in the grass.


Slightly vinegar.


Five? Oh five!


Lyra!


It's like--


All right, I would like to pick up my buddy Pike and make like hell for the door.


(sighs) You make a really good point. We're really strong together and unstoppable.


Can we travel any faster than that? Can we mist, can we tree, can we...?


You think so?


When I drink to you, Ashley, my heart is as full as my glass.


This is not Pelor. It's part of the crest of de Rolo.


Happy Fun Ball of Tricks!


Hell no. Oh-ho-ho-ho.


Oh, yay!


On my door?


Primordial?


You've already offended an entire continent.


Because I'm staring at a woman crying into her satchel.


Well, I've got a couple problems.


And then the other attack is an 18 naturally.


I mean down the steps a bit.


All right. 13.


But it would get rid of his Cat's Grace, but you're not using it.


One of my favorites.


That sounds like us.


Ooh, to a lesser? Like they get turned into something smaller?


Let's stick with the plan.


Fuck those guards, I can kill them all.


Oh, well, he's not really a person, but--


No, I want to find out, so I'm going to pull the gloves off and I'm going to put the belt on.


Pike rolled a one.


by King Murghol?


Dustin fell off the roof?


I'll go.


Like that, and like I put a lot of cool tattoos on my arms, and like, I make my fangs even longer.


Fuck yes, I do.


Yes! I like that idea!


So 8d6 total. Ja.


That would be 12.


We hit our first two goals. We hit $20,000, which means I'll be running a one-shot of Crash Pandas. We hit $50,000, which means that the Critters have contributed enough money to finance an actual research grant that will go towards curing childhood cancer, and so we've added a new goal. We're going to try and raise $100,000 for the Pablove Foundation, and if we hit that goal, Sam-- that's me-- will do a special Fireside Chat, complete with robe and fancy wine.


I've already left the room.


I rolled a 14.


All right. Worst-case scenario is we could mend a page and it will remove the ink if we want to delete anything.


Okay. How is the monster crocodile plant doing? Is he looking rough?


How did you know that?


I pull a gold coin out of my pocket, and throw it in this corner.


15 arcana check.


Oh my gosh, okay. Well, he lives in Zadash, and he lives in a bar, and he's got long black hair, and he's really charming, but kind of snarky at the same time.


You don't know any of the fact that I almost killed you, Marisha Ray.


You would be a freak.


Can't one of us go up there with him to scout it out? Yeah, if someone's invisible. Can't you all be invisible?


We've got Pass Without a Trace, so 28.


Let's sleep in the mansion so we can gain some of our--


We just rested for 30 minutes?


I don't know if it's going to do anything, but sure.


Starts talking to him again.


Get over together, get to the edge.


Do you know what the good news is? You're going to have that feeling for the next seven hours and 50 minutes.


Oh, Keeper Yennen! We know him! I think, right? We know him?


I've marked him. I'm willing to walk away.


I was getting to that!


It's customs, not sheriff.


I do, too. This picture they have in the book is quite exciting.


So we can walk in if we need to, but let's not make any waves unless we need to.


So I'm writing this letter? And I'm leaving it in his office, yeah?


I'm going to take a moment and I have an epiphany, and I'm going to shift my form into a castle guard.


-- and a peg leg.


About 20 feet.


And Yasha!


No no no, do your shit Scanlan, we'll just look around.


I'm just going to say, I did it. (laughter)


To be fair, what guarantee do we have that you won't kill us, and the ambush was meant for us? I believe there is untrust on both sides.


Just a big shipment of dildos.


I don't know if that will go well.


The chat is saying it's off.


Grog! No no no!


He would not be signing the contract.


We can't help it from there. We have to go somewhere else in order to come back to it.


Well, no, but Sprigg is right after Scanlan. He's before we are. So I'd rather get him up before.


Damn it! Clarota, worthless!


C'mon, Adele Dazeem.


That was six.


Remember that.


And keep us nice and safe and comfy in a wind basket.


Tim Drake!


That was very mean.


We heard you have a bug problem. We're here to take care of it?


Yeah, it's not like we have no agency, right? We've been hit with bigger problems. We'll work this one until we can't, anymore.


And keep him in place.


We have to do it right now. So. We knew-- your father is Reginald.


I would have to hold my turn. 'Cause I can't reach him, right?


Very good! I'll take a few steps forward and be like, well, this is poppycock! And I'll shoot a Scorching Ray right at the dude.


I'll do the same thing. Poke out. Shoot. Is Lorenzo engaged with anyone?


Just don't think about it too much.


It was really hot, right? Come on!


I think it has to be an attack.


I'm sorry, who?


No, continue. I mean, if you're up for it.


How about what's behind the grass, let's discuss this instead.


Buy the lot, Tary! Buy the lot! Good man! And I like Beastman shake him. Yeah!


No, I mean, there was the dome above that.


Does it not count as magical? Or is he resistant to bludgeoning?


Yes, it's my turn.


I'll be back and I have to show back up with you people anyway. I'm going to get her as quickly as possible.


I had to roll for both of us.


Percy. Percy! Taliesin! You're on that roof, right?


How soon will you return?


I would Mend the page that has the thing about where the peach tree is.


60 seconds.


I hold his hand and just listen.


Wait. You can't die?


That's a lot of fucking energy this early in the morning. God. (clears throat)


Yeah. See if he reacts to you.


Okay. What was that? Who were you?


I'm looking over Thorbir's head and looking for traps as he walks from behind. 22.


I thought that tied the whole thing together.


Is there treasure? Did you find treasure?


Should we check the fucking carpet?


They know we're here. This is not a coincidence. They're not flying by. They know we're here. They know.


Oh, that would be awful. I need it.


Shit, the gauntlet has been thrown down. I need two turkey legs for each one of these beautiful people here.


Help us! Help us J'mon, help us!


So you should've started that earlier.


No, Caleb, seeing this, would've went drei, zwei, eins. Hold Person.


They can't see us. We'll stand still and we'll be fine, right?


Fine ditties!


Resurrect him or something?


So I'm going to use it and I'm going to try to grab a hold of the guy-- the guy in gray is holding the force wall, right? But it probably is a concentration. The guy in red is holding the sphere.


And then one little--- Then one little, itty-bitty--


From above.


I think it means that-- I think it means that what we do has a purpose. Regardless of the outcome, there is a purpose.


Just singeing.


It's glowing in here.


Oh my God. Your annoying voice has really gotten into my head.


Wrapping up in here.


Apologies, apologies. We should leave now.


I have one, I think?


Is it like Storage Wars, where there might be something?


5th level? Yeah!


You’re just going to stay here in this dank, dark room with a skeleton by yourself, no dinner. All right.


The Wayfarer's Guide to Eberron, The Guildmaster's Guide to Ravnica are both available on D&D Beyond.


Don't you get two attacks?


There is a diamond of much greater size and value in this pouch. But first, we want to hear that you are going to allow us safe passage out of here before we turn it over to you.


I reach up. Can I grab your shin?


I hate time travel so much.


Oh fantastic, that helps us immensely. Do you know of anyone else looking for a merchant, perhaps on the cheaper side, services?


I think it's just a curse on you, Marisha.


Was that a 20?


I'll fly up there and see.


No, she gave it back.


It's cool, man.


We get him in place and then try it, and if it makes a noise, we just drop him?


But you're not going to miss, so it doesn't matter.


Oh, well that just makes it 14.


But I feel like you guys are noticeable and why would I be this really beautiful woman leaving with the stinky guy?


Oh, an 18 and a 19.


Camp Crystal Lake, oh that makes me happy.


I have sharpshooter. Right, so I ignore three-quarters cover. So the first one is a 19?


Oh, I don't know if that hits or not.


Remember, Liam doesn't really hate Travis in real life! (laughter)


I'll inspire Percy. Just doing this move--


Is he going to take an attack of opportunity on her?


Tell him that he bought you?


Very fast, yes. I load it for them.


It must be part of the plan. You're all seasoned veterans, right? This is all part of the plan, right? (screaming)


(anguished sounds)


Right! That would be us.


How do you feel about him, Pike?


Yeah, yeah, talk to it. Be charming.


Oh, Vex, that hat is amazing!


So I'm attempting to make a perception roll to see if I can pull anything out of these smells, maybe based on my experience with smithing and the chemicals that are associated with all that sort of thing, but I did roll a three. So I guess I would add a three. The best I can get out of that is a nine.


Because it's like our favorite things and I don't want to have to--


Keyleth, I know you have the ability to turn us into different things.


The entrance shimmers faintly and is five feet wide and ten feet tall. You and any creature you designate can enter.


Chasms?


Don't die, you are not dying tonight.


I sneak up.


Sorry. Franklin Delano Roosevelt seems dumb. (laughter)


Did he tell you to take on his name?


Why? What if I want to be close?


This is looking better, all things considered.


That is-- oh, for Frumpkin. So I need to go to a different tag. That's a three.


Okay. I immediately cast Control Water and suck it inside.


Okay. I'm marking that-- I'm putting a pin on my Pinterest board.


It's a dog.


It's going to kill everything there.


You could do more damage if you hit him with the die, because it's sharp, so you'd actually get more damage with the d4.


I'm going to run over and look at the tree.


It was expensive, right?


While you were standing two feet away?


Come on, buddy. See how the other side lives.


Thank you for running this establishment. Have a good day.


Well, I'm sorry. Sorry I left.


That guy. Or wait, is anybody-- where are you at?


They drank his blood.


I'm halfway here. This stupid astral projection is driving me nuts!


Ooh, really?


That's kimchi.


Yeah. Can I try to push the goliath into the-- can I go into a frenzied rage as my bonus action? And can I use my first attack to try to shove the goliath into the crevasse?


We're imaginary beer snobs now.


How der der der der.


It's beast killing time!


The only thing is, I'm afraid that if we keep using up all our spells, then we won't be able to take down the big baddie if we come to him.


Were you looking for this? I hold up a folded piece of paper.


I'm on the top of the-- crow's nest? Is that what it's called?


Yeah, sure. Oh shit. Yeah.


Do you have any tools I can borrow?


Use it when the time is right.


You know what? I bet if they live in the dark, light will blind them.


I'm trying not to hurt her.


I've never been a triceratops before.


She's a striking woman.


It's really good. It's like gum, but sweet. Can I have a jar of it?


This is not the one I have the Hex on, right? Okay, that's fine. I should have done that differently. 12 points of damage and one point of psychic damage.


I pour her a very large glass of mead.


Yeah, I keep an eye on the big figure the whole time.


That's my action, and for my bonus action, I'm going to cast Sanctuary on-- who's the lowest?


All right. Good night?


Two eyes, one tongue, one heart, six claws, and 20 teeth, is what they are requesting.


Bane's pretty cool.


Well... Taryon had a great year.


Also super interesting that they mentioned having other people do their work for them. (pause) Okay, let's go!


All right. Well, anyway, you're really awesome, Sun Tree.


Taryon Darrington. You may have heard of me. Friends call me Tary.


All sad and tragic and with gravitas.


I come with him.


Thanks for abandoning us!


Reflex save-- Dexterity. Dexterity saving throw for the Acid Splash.


I'm going to use the Sacred Flame cantrip because I figure it's not very dextrous.


It's gonna be a squeaker.


Monster!


I might need to burn a Cure Wounds or something.


Give me just one second. I don't know if it slipped underneath.


Oh. So it was a good symbol?


Let's keep moving forward.


Don't take no for an answer.


Maybe if you concentrate on his idea, maybe you can feel him some way. Or maybe this thing is like a beacon to him?


Leonard Fyke.


I look down and I see my beautiful body tattoos melting away like instant oatmeal. Not even like the nice apples and cinnamon kind, it's like the maple brown sugar that no one--


Fried chicken.


We have a piece of him.


I'm removing one hit point from my--


Vorugal's face. That's halfsies, so I'm going to roll it again. That's way better. That is a 32.


23 was not the critical.


The Expendables! Double Impact!


I start pretending like I'm doing a Cure Wounds spell to her wrist, you know?


Are we going to the left?


Of the throne room?


It's not often you meet a man like that. So you run towards him. Some would say, with your spear out. (laughter)


Electric eels-- if they're electric eels--


But I haven't attacked him in a while.


It's kind of easy-peasy. I guess anybody could pull this.


It's in my mouth!


That's too many new options.


What's the gist of this letter? Someone hired someone to get some stuff back from a thief. There's more stuff. If they don't get it soon, someone will be pissed off. Marius LePen?


Yasha rolled a 19.


(singing) Welcome to the jungle!


We could say we were helping out-- what was her name?


I just hold her hand and I look in her eyes and I just say, "Please, Pike, please. Please. I love him as much as you do. Please."


Shot right in the chest.


How much would that R&D cost me?


You can stay.


If there's not 12 people that pop out behind this curtain, I'm going to be disappointed.


It's not completed yet.


What's the other one?


Your eyes are like big black saucers.


We didn't end up doing it.


Just have him bring us to us-- I'll give you directions. It'll be fine.


And Vecna will win.


Were we supposed to prepare this?


She might be gone.


So they'll probably all shoot me, won't they?


I decide to stand still.


Right. I have an orc head. And I reach into the Bag of Holding and pull out the orc head.


That's it, yeah. Just quarters. Heads up, heads down.


Are we still trying to stealth? Or does it even matter?


