It's the anti-snitch.


You could've, it just would've been adorable.


No. I like being besties with you. I don't want some rando.


(sigh of relief)


I follow after it and I say, in the name of the guardians of this realm, you will stop!


Let's go to old faithful. Where's old faithful?


But we haven't been hanging out over Westruun.


That's a red flag.


Tell him if he's okay with us being a little tipsy.


This is something that's been in my family for a really long time, and I've been thinking about it, and I feel like I need to give it to you. So come closer to me real quick. It's a necklace. And just... don't take it off.


13 damage! Not great.


I get up and look around.


So that people know that we took care of it. So it's not a danger anymore.


That would have been it.


How long will you be doing this show? 30 years.


And one more, this will be the last one, SilentKagamusha: "Critical Role is why I am now addicted to and starting my first game of D&D." (cheering)


All right, that hurts.


So happy.


Thank you so much for having me.


What, The Mistake?


This is my keen dagger, with vorpal blade, two plus seven is nine, that's just nine. Where's a pencil, that's a pencil. And then we add my Sneak Attack damage, which is six, seven, ten. 15. 21, plus nine, is 30.


I need to get myself some diamonds.


What about the scientology graphic novels?


It was good to see you.


But you can also do this from a distance so we can get you far away. You could do both.


Just you and Tiberius and Trinket.


That's when we first learned its limitations.


1d10.


Well, we're in Trostenwald, right?


Let's go look more closely at those.


Yeah, we are. Because when we write the name down, it's actually the Zemnian word for no. So even if there's nine people, then--


Doesn't feel very natural.


Why did you--


(whistle) I'll sound a general alarm.


I will say, I feel like the DM power, the balance--


I bet they have so much stuff!


Yeah, I wasn't trying to hurt you. I was just trying to get you to stop singing. But it was so abrasive.


Liam's birthday party.


That's a natural 20, so that's untrapped.


Who knows what we'll encounter.


On the area. It lasts up to ten minutes, so it's within 30 feet of me.


Oh, I can't hold her?


I think this is caramel? Nope, fudge.


Only Orthax? Cool.


They could be citizens, they could be creatures? I just saw movement of figures, I didn't see any details?


Yes, I do, unfortunately.


There's no time.


Where do these bones come from?


(singing) Make love to me tonight.


Oh. Oh, that doesn't look good. Yeah, okay. Let's see what we can do. I'm sorry, I'm still a little sore.


Okay. 12. 20, plus ten, 30 for the first one. Eight. 13. 21, 31 for the second one.


Oh my god. What if The Gentleman is my dad?


Squiggly lines.


Is this Phil, or is this his friend?


Okay. He's a milk cow.


It's more the 'omnipresent' part that was really the point of that, but yes.


He said that they were mysterious and her whole crew had some sort of magic-y stuff.


The horse whimpers; you hurt a horse.


100 feet later.


We have employed the services of this person right here, and I would agree that you should probably leave right now and get another table for yourselves.


I do not speak Abyssal.


Yeah, and if you are actually in the dark, you can't tell the difference, and if you're in the light you look like a ninja, so I think we're good, maybe.


Oh, was she clumsy?


That's all I do. That's all I want to do.


Okay, I'll double dash to get to the fucking boat.


I'm lost for the rest of this conversation.


'Member berries. 'Member Jester?


Reroll it. Better.


Hide behind the tree and stealth as much as I can.


I don't know. You know so many spells and so many things. You're very strong. I'm continually impressed by you, I must say. How strong would you say you are? On a scale of one to 20?


Good going, Ashley!


Well, shouldn't there be a door that leads to that anyway?


You're going tonight?


More about quantity than quality? Maybe?


I've read about this. Many of us will die. (all laugh)


This is bullshit! You can't come with us.


Survival? Ten.


There any shortswords in the pile?


What guy?


Well. that's not K'varn though.


Kash, come with.


That's fucking awesome.


I named the seagull in my head, too.


No. Shit.


That's what all these soldiers are here for; they're going to join the fight or something? What did they say, Fjord?


When I died, I saw her. I have dreamed of her already. And she speaks of some sort of purpose on the horizon. And I don't know if she's talking about your promise you made, or what. But she is with us. And I barely know what the fuck I'm doing, but I know that she doesn't want that book to exist. And, honestly, I am frightened of going to that temple because I want time. I want time with you, I want time with Keyleth, I want time.


Dolan, I know Horris and you both are worried. We're still going to need that payment. Our efforts have incurred some damages.


Gah! I hate not having a calculator! Fine!


So it's not a guarantee that they know Infernal, necessarily?


I hate him, more than anything.


Yes, all right, fine. I'll be right back. I'll make my way up to the bar, to the one with the--


I know you don't want me to come.


I want to do Commune (pronouncing incorrectly) With Nature.


Fjord! Come look at this! This is definitely toad tracks.


No, no, I'm with you, I'm with you.


Okay, fair argument.


I'm going to put it back over here. I'm going to try it. Maybe it'll roll really well with your spit on it.


Got everything. Earth people first.


So we can slow down.


I thought you said, "can I shoot at his genitals?"


Being a wizard's expensive, ja?


Are you close enough? I backed into a corner.


I push Grog out of the way.


On a subsequent turn, I can use my action to transform affected creatures into new forms.


Not now. We've got to go.


I will. And keep them safe, and keep yourself safe, please?


Gah!


We're off to a good start tonight, guys.


Of course I meant it, boy. I've been there for years.


Grog does not count in melee of the dracolich, right? It's just toys.


I'm glad to hear that. Nott? Molly? You have everything you need?


They only last for an hour.


It says three times a day.


Well, that's a very deep question.


Let's hold off just a bit before we kill her.


That's a big hit!


Good, it stopped. We can go back out.


I think I know what's going on.


Eventually, yes.


Oh wait, that's Pike. Hold on. Yes, it hits me.


Yeah, I'm burning my own spells.


At first level. I could do it at third, but I'm doing it at first.


This is an athletics check?


No no no no no.


Expensive-ass!


Oh, proof.


What?! That seems terrible!


I reload.


I'm going to inspire her, somehow.


Marius, do me a favor. Just tell us how much repairs cost and let's all settle in for the night. We're going to-- Still on fire.


Oh. Sorry, I did sneak attack on the second arrow.


I'll go ahead.


No. No. You... are the one falling, in the opposite direction of up.


With my bonus action, can I move my Hex onto el shadow figure?


I'm pristine and sober.


That's like Star Trek or Star Wars.


You're so cool!


(Percy voice) I feel like-- I feel like the first pact's a little thin. (laughter)


All right, I pull out Bad News. And I'm going to lie down on my stomach, hanging off the edge of the carpet.


Toordolbo.


It's a 7.


Oh, that is an excellent question. How long do my speeches--


I honestly don't have an answer for that.


Is it night time now? Are we going to sleep?


No, you're not. Hey, Caleb. I'm fine if you skim something off the top, that's fair, but be clever about it. Just distribute 60 or 70 percent of what you find, okay? Good boy. Give him a little slap on the face, and then I go up.


Monks are not in my wheelhouse.


It's the matchup you've all been waiting for.


I think we found one!


We're getting out, right?


Do I have a sense of what they would do, were they to reach Shadycreek Run? If they would disband at any point, if they would stick together, where they would take--?


Let's skip and go to the next episode!


You're a good person. Still don't look at the deck. I'm glad you have our back. Don't do drugs.


But I'm not Bobby Drake, right?


Also, the idea that we're going to sneak into that tower is farfetched.


Was that what you said?


No, they take the damage. They're not pinned. They just take the damage.


Does this make things better or worse for us?


We're shooting at the same time.


Then it's not Truth or Dare. You know Truth or Dare, right?


36. That hits, I assume, so that's 1d10 plus 1d6, and then I'm also going to blow the last of my lightning into that, as well. That's 18 points of standard damage, two points of psychic damage, and 15 points of lightning damage.


So noble.


Yeah, that’s good.


Everyone's going to be like, that's a robot wearing a mask!


Yeah, I'm on chapter three!


Well, first of all, on behalf of GameChanger, I just want to say what a blast it is to be with you guys. Personally, I've never watched D&D before. You guys have made me a huge fan.


Him! Trinket's a boy, all of you, please.


At some pubs, that could have gone well.


I'm going to pull them out, take a look at them.


Ooh, I like it! Let's get your clothes open. While everything's going on, I'm just going to spend--


Maybe he has friends ahead that he's waiting on.


I'm so glad that this is happening.


Well, it's very painful if it hits you.


It was awful, but here we are.


Yeah, he did. It happens.


It said that she was in this Diver's Grave general location, so maybe she's not here.


If I just try to (bowstring noise) up?


Plant some seeds.


Siggle Boost.


This'll be like the end of the second act--


A well-built cart with a secret compartment.


I'd also like to join in on that with a religion check.


Anything you'd like.


I'll be very careful with them. I'm going to say, don't talk to anyone, don't look anyone in the eye, and don't answer any questions without my permission, do you understand?


Is there like furniture to sit on, or is it barren?


Can I heal you?


That hits. Second one hits, too.


I'm flying around.


Three seconds of costume, that's all you get! (laughter)


Saving throw. Okay. 19.


I mean, he's not Scanlan.


Jester, maybe not just yet. Maybe before we go to sleep.


The old gnome diabetes!


Did chat try to challenge the DM?


I should've been more edubated.


I would love for these to be in somebody else's room.


Oh, well, thank you, but I can't possibly accept this.


With the Gate scroll that we showed you, actually.


Are the stairs wide enough for two people to go down? Three people to go down?


You were just students?


It does additional damage.


Yes, how did that work? Just curious, because he was kind of a test run.


My attack action.


You know, it's very secret, yep. Secret location, TBD.


I will whisper to you  Why did you come out here in the first place? Why were you walking around in the dark, alone?


Just to meet with her.


That's new dice, man.


No, I'm going to do 20 from me, too, so that's 72, and then one from Caleb, so 73, so--


Okay! Have you not thrown up yet?


Is it going to be able to hit her?


What the hell is it called? My quick action to dash.


Yeah, it might've been. You might've started it.


Gilmore's been many places. He might have something from there.


His name is Asmodeus. And no, we are not kidnapping Asmodeus of Hell.


Shit. It's real good. (laughter)


That's terrible for me, too.


You guys need more healing? I could try to give us more.


Yes, it's a high quality item, you can understand my excitement. I've been thinking in the space of time that you have left, and while I would like to purchase something here today, I'm very low on funds, and the nature of this book, and the trouble I could get into-- I mean, your secret is safe with me, but it is too hot for my hands. I was wondering if you had a copy of Shallow Breaths here?


Caleb, do you-- yeah, all right.


Can't he--?


Oh, but Grog's behind me. He's not here, right? Where's Grog?


Good. It might be our downfall, but it's great.


Fastball special.


(whispers) Quietly.


Did you guys know there's a hole?


Oh my god, you're on fire!


Three strikes and you're out. This is two.


Which one looks like he has less damage?


You think it isn't real. You think it's a thing I make jokes about.


I'll take the back. Caleb, can I hold Frumpkin again?


So that we don't get wet?


I wanted to shave half of his head because he shaved my beard that one time, but there's really nothing left of him right now.


I've seen you take other people, can I hang off the bottom of that thing? Can you carry me up?


Did I recognize Starosta Kosh? Did he seem like the type that would have made a little side trip down to-- because he seems like the type.


Did they say where it was?


It lasts as long as I want it to last.


Come on, work, damn it.


Yes, I think that would be best.


Like our mark.


Oh. Wow.


To stick within 60 feet. Got it.


Yeah, Grog.


Even that's a pretty big number for you.


But they already know what we look like.


I should note that Doty is coming with us as well.


I will go a split second before my sister.


The Evening Nip? She works at the Evening Nip?


It seems it's a protective symbol of sorts, but it's of Bahamut, which is a good thing.


Well, you can say whatever you want, but whatever you say has to be true. That's how it works. You can also just say, "I don't feel like talking."


I said we were going to be doing some frog digging.


Yeah, okay. I'll get back to you on that.


Ooh, 12. 15 sneak attack! And then Hunter's Mark, three.


Because I rolled a one. (laughter)


Stealth? 22.


No, Beau had 24.


I gave up my life for you. I will have my shoes. Please.


What does that mean, Keyleth?


It means one of us might have to borrow your bag of holding.


Ugh, bastards! Oh, Christ! I can't, that's it, that's all I got for the day. That's it.


We need horses, we need cloaks, we need furs, wools...


That's fine. We're not going to be able to get him out, I don't think.


Ay, that's Beau.


Hideous indeed.


Good man. Carry on. Prepare.


Well, you know, whatever.


That's not much, but I'll take it. Nine points of normal damage plus two necrotic, so that's 11 points of damage. No, 21 points of damage. I'm so sorry.


There's an enchantment on it. It's actually this big.


Is like a headlamp.


I cannot feel the lower half of my body. (laughter)


Oh. Friends are good. Can I have that safe though?


Huevos rancheros. (laughter)


Oh, this is pretty good. 24.


It's a wide spectrum. Their website is Wyrmwood Gaming, and the code that will get you free shipping on an order is CritRole. CritRole, all one word.


Part two?


That's a lot of heat.


Yeah, but everything I've tried hasn't worked so far. Maybe they're immune to persuasion down here and maybe all they need is a little (grunts) a little jostle.


This might be something we go to the Slayer's Take for. They always have a roster of big beasts.


I was like, where are we going to stick the rubies! Where do we stick their-- I don't know where to stick the rubies.


20 gold.


No, it's going to be fine, guys. We're like a--


What if we made a boat and then floated down the river?


Is that little-- is it a halfling teenager that was picking pockets at the bar? Is he here?


Goddamn it! Yasha, tell us everything! Fuck!


We found this. Be careful, it was with Raishan.


Of the halfling?


I fight with my fists, Sam!


It probably isn't.


The first one was an 18.


The only thing on the cart is your thing that you bought at the festival and some crocodile skins.


But I want to, like, keep going.


Roll for Deus ex Machina.


I did. Yeah, the plus three to each time.


I could have Sam fart on this for you, if you want.


Okay. I'll skitter behind near that candelabra and bonus action hide.


But I thought he was hold--I'm trying, yeah, no, I'm desperately trying to give a reason why this couldn't work.


I just cast Stone Shape and make a hole.


What do you want to do, my love. Dear. Whoever you are.


Everything fucking looks the same.


We have a full Roman sauna underneath, but that's fine, whatever you need.


One last quick question, though. What do the gnolls normally eat?


16 plus Hunter's Mark. I'm sorry, my brain. Huh?


There's a big column that's in between them, right?


That's right, sorry. I'll take a horse as well.


Can I turn (cracking) to my right in my rage and start running across the room to Old Stupid Butt on the wall? 50 feet.


Thank you, chat.


It's got Giant runes on it. Runes of Giant.


They'll fly on Keyleth.


Nah, let's see.


So it wouldn't necessarily--


Yeah, hashtag no more blessed.


Everything has led to it. You and I wouldn't be standing here if my sister hadn't stolen a broom. Where's the sense in that? What else is it? I teleported into the stomach of a dragon with a gnome and I am still standing here. If it is not fate, what is it?


Yes it was difficult, but I prevailed in the end. The city is safe. What library was that that you mentioned?


Are you on the carpet, Vax?


Would Keyleth know anything about this as possibly being a portal to the realm of water? Can I do like a check to see if this is something that might be a--


So plus two, and you have advantage.


If he does, we'll just eat the ducks.


Why? Why'd you do it?


Is this how you learned all of your stoneworking stuff?


Which I'm still a fan of.


I love it. It's great.


Hadouken!


I thought it was a thousand feet range.


Did we guess wrong?


The AC of wood!


I scream out  if you rush, you will die!


I'll check the bakery.


If I couldn't see coming up, I would go (poofing) and send out Dancing Lights.


See? I told you it was Keyleth.


Let me heal you up, Percy, hold on.


You want me to try to heal you?


Don't. Touch. Doty!


Too many mother luckers!


I am attacking the guardian again, and I will be doing another one of my commander's strikes.


Airborne?


Party after.


Hey, don't put ideas in my head. A bean?


(goat bleat)


Also, I'm going to go over and cast Decompose on that one that's-- See what pops out.


I have a training basement, but okay, sure.


And that's five points of damage on the second, so 13 total.


No one is after me!


Just check it out.


So we have to do it all at once.


But it's magic. I thought it doesn't matter?


The ears are in and make sure that the mask is secure. Have fun.


Okay. Following Jester's lead--


You're sitting on my shoulder. Caleb is draped over the shoulder.


You are the best thing.


I don't know what to do about you, I'm sorry! I'll inspire you, I guess, right? Because you don't need health?


Doty, put it as a maybe for catchphrases.


I specifically did not join those conversations.


(singing) Laurentia, liebe Laurentia mein. Wann woll-


Yeah, how did you manage?


But they're friendly. They look friendly.


I only have eight. Just kidding, no. The real quick one is going to the Temple of Sarenrae to pick up a canteen.


That poor bastard. Oh shit, our fucking tortle!


Come on iPhone, come on iphone!


You guys! What were you trying to do? Cast magic?


Should I throw him the robe?


You know, what could it hurt? Oh, not that good though. No, lower than what you rolled.


Oh! Hang on.


Oh, jeez Louise.


Oh Jesus. I will bonus action disengage, and run through the door that the spider told me to go through.


I cut my gold in half, holy shit.


Okay, well, that's fine. I'm going to walk about 200 feet away from you when you put it in that bag--


We heard about green fog here. Is that something?


Yeah, let's give ourselves--


Let other people do that.


For throwing stars from Pumat. Okay. I will definitely ask him if he has "throwing stars."


There's always a one out there.


Natural 20 with a total of 24.


Yeah, I saw that look. You calling me load bearing? (all laugh)


If he tries to break free? Well, that's fun.


Will you grab that dagger off the ground for me?


Oh, so if I hadn't moved away I would have been okay?


That's clutch.


I'm going to take a moment also before this happens, open the Common book, take a moment, and gently ask the good sir if they have a reading glass around, because I still don't have any reading glasses.


It was Hannah Mahoney. It was good. You should watch it.


Wait, I thought we had to have more or less both, though.


Obviously for Scanlan.


Right? We don't have anything that'll make us move faster?


I give him a little pat on the head.


Oh! Oh, okay. Yeah. Right.


Big scary dragons.


I'm assuming it's through the collapsed tunnel. Right. Okay. Got it.


Yeah. Want to check his house?


We're upside-down on the ceiling.


I'm in my room now?


Well, that's what we have going in our flashlights, are Daylight spells.


Wise words.


Go see that beautiful baby, Travis.


It doesn't say concentration.


Yep, and okay, and here we go. That is shit. No, well, it's 16. I'm sure it doesn't hit.


(singing) I want to buy another health pack!


That's a six.


What what what?


I know those words, as well.


Resistant, so I got halved.


If she's a big-ass anglerfish I'm going to be so pissed.


(package crinkling)


They are pretty impressive.


Is it slowly eating through the wood?


You should probably get that patched up, actually, though. That is fair.


It's not the same cellar.


That looks like a piece of shit ship. (laughter)


I do not know where the safe house is, but anywhere we have been we can get to again.


You look pretty bad.


Scanlan and Pike.


What do your Boots of Haste do and what does your cloak do, out of curiosity?


You're breathing water. It's not necessary.


That was just to get me here quicker, I thought.


So that's either a distraction or taking care of bats.


Dancing Queen and Mamma Mia.


Was the athletics check an action?


DC.


Where are you going? Where are we meeting? At the temple? At the top?


Why are you being so poopy today, Tiberius?


Casting time.


Well I will tell you, we'll get to that, but I think today we call your birthday.


This is a saving throw, that's not disadvantage. 16.


I pull off my belt and say  Hello, Simon. Wake him up.


It's 2d8 plus four.


Where did you find one?


Nah. Do one more, but like, angry-sing.


Oh, I'm sorry. What was your name again?


No dancing tonight, guys, get over it.


You're all cuddly in the morning and shit. God, get it together.


107 episodes later.


I want to pay attention to what key he's taking.


"Percy!" And I run towards him.


Yeah. But we fought both.


It's not nothing.


The audience's support counts for one.


Because... Bless you! I give you Blessing of the Trickster.


I can-- Yes. I should take point. I'm just saying we're not going down into an empty grain cellar to kill a bunch of rats.


(whispering) We have to be very quiet.


The last one.


How will we know when to go?


No! I feel so violated! Is this how you feel every time?


As a bonus, I'm going to do Healing Word on-- you are probably pretty down, so I will throw you a tiny bit-- it's not a lot, but it's nine points.


Where did he leave from?


How's that mimosa treating you?


He's fucked. Yeah. He's stuck in a tornado.


We head towards the gate.


Find a good crew.


We had the mark!


I start walking the opposite direction.


They're working really hard right now.


Well, no, well, it's pillars, though, they could have--


Did you instantly turn into a 64-year-old golfer as soon as you went there?


Yeah Grog, how long do you reckon we have before your cousin wants to either talk or get busy?


Is she stuck like that?


Good job, dude!


We're all agreed on that, at least.


What happens if a pigeon goes by? (laughter)


Still crossing the streams.


So it's a measly little attack of nine.


Pike can do that.


Now, did that first uncanny dodge count as my reaction, or can I use it now?


Yes, who? I am quite drunk right now.


I think I just peed a little.


Well, you know, you could make a new Doty, maybe a smaller Doty, just to brush hair.


I rolled a one!


Is it working out for you?


On your body?


I instinctually throw Keyleth in the air.


I don’t have a sword anymore. He picked it up, right?


We get back. Okay, we gotta get back to the tavern. Back to the tavern?


That's dumb. Maybe she's standing on the tree and she's like, "I'm a badass with an axe and a hammer and I took down this tree and now I'm going to take down you."


Yeah, we heard some stone moving, so I think he's trying to get away.


Seven plus...


The-- god damn it.


It's a fort. We prepare the fort. It is what a fort is for.


What are you in disguise as?


In Marquesian I say, thank you, J'mon Sa Ord.


I mean, it's not small. It's more exclusive.


You scratch my back, I will scratch yours.


Oh, I always do.


Does the building seem-- is it completely encased?


New carpet!


85.


These were from Eric, redzanwatt, "Grog, thank you to all Critical Role for the joy you bring me and showing me the amazing world of D&D. These dice would fit in nice with the dwarf beard I hope you finally grow. Your fan, Eric." Very cool, Eric. Thank you, man.


Light the brazier!


I've got it.


It's going to all be in front of me? I love this game.


He rolled a 20, so that's gotta mean something.


(slurring) I don't think that it's that kind of place.


I was going to say, that's how we know Caleb is serious! But!


"Yes, please, look lively, unfortunately we've been sent here from the Lawmaster, we have some very urgent business with High-Richter Prucine. Please, if you wouldn't mind, would you fetch her?"


That's some stink-eye.


No, no. If we send him away from us, maybe one of those things will find him and we'll have a clearer path.


And begin the first 30 minutes of the two hours I need to spend copying this.


The six bodies.


You faded away there for a second. Are you okay?


Can I remove that extra two from your charisma? I'm gonna wipe it out.


Oh! It's too late for that.


That's true. That could be.


Troll penis. (all laugh)


Let's call it an even five gold.


He said, remember, you took the flying carpet. To break RP for a second.


Do you want me to put you in a little pouch? Could be like a kangaroo?


Trinket went with Grog.


Some Grog aioli, a lil bit of mayo, lemon.


Yeah. I'm going to--


Reckless great weapon. That'll hit. That's like 30.


I already like your mother.


Hi, Vax.


Hey. So I saw you at the bar, getting things off of people pockets. Off of people pockets?


I believe, it would be nice.


Wait, like unconscious or asleep?


(Gollum voice) She's a nasty woman! (laughter)


Is it makes us more hideable.


Whatever timeline you believe in.


Could we give ourselves some weights to get us down there?


That's the brilliance, is no one's going to look that closely.


He's just laughing.


Oh, I wasn't talking to you.


What were you going to say?


It doesn't hit both of them?


Metal Gear Solid this shit.


They're dead! We did it!


I'd say she earned one, yeah?


Maybe they're family.


Then I'm going to hoist you up on top? Or can you make it there yourself?


Yeah, if we are doing that, then I suggest camping in this chamber before going forward, because we are all bloodied and battered, you know.


Yeah, I was a panda last night. I didn't have a fucking costume. I wasn't wearing that again. That shit was hot.


Really good on these today. Three.


I feel like I slept outside? I was going to interact. I think I slept outside. I forgot.


They're like Charlie Brown Christmas trees?


--or about a Gentleman.


13? First one.


No, Grog and Scanlan ran out of the room after Ripley.


Where's your empire, human?


As we're flying, can I keep an eye out for our party members that are returning?


Sir Ian McKellen.


Is it possible to maybe collapse the top of the temple from far away, and release the Elder Brain from its cage and then Clarota, your brethren could fight the beholder instead of us? (laughs)


If we hear about an outbreak of people vomiting--


Yeah, I know. It's just a thank-you.


I feel like there should be some more gossip then there is, that's very true.


Just roll over. If you pile the sand up, you make little earmuffs.


It's water?


Just a person?


Boat shoes. (laughs)


Could you do it now, for flavor?


Yeah, hiding next to a building or something. Crouching down, observing, right?


There's an explosion on the left side of your face. Then you got punched to the right side of your face. It's kind of great.


And it smells pretty in here.


Doesn't hit!


(hoarse) There's no sound. At all.


We're assuming that she wants to destroy her.


Well, thank you so much for your time. I don't know what I could possibly do in return other than offer my gratitude.


Well, isn't it because it's a sneak attack?


Oh, thank you, brother. I take my empty water flask that I emptied out before, and am smiling and pouring glasses and also squirting a little bit here and there as I want. I start to just play a little ditty on the flute. I thought we could accompany our sip with a little bit of music, not to distract you, just to-- (group laughs) just to sort of accompany us.


Then I guess I better be extra stealthy.


Well, I think for now I'll just hold onto the candles I have and just see how things pan out. I really don't know any of you.


I sit down next to her and ask, just catching up, and see if they've spotted any dragons.


But it needs to be sharpened.


I thought that we were pretty badass when we took the tower down, and we were not.


A message from beyond! (laughter)


Fuck you, too.


So, should we try to cross this little path here?


She's always kind of like in the middle. She's the wild card. He's always in the back with us also because we're the ranged dudes.


I'd like to try and break the grapple.


I have Land's Stride. Does that mean that this doesn't affect me? Or am I still slowed down?


You should stick the rubies in those eyeballs!


Our hand is forced. We are bound by contract. I do not personally wish to be here.


Oh dear, something's coming out of the jar.


Okay. I'm going to get my mace ready.


A water jug and an ale.


d10, so I'll roll a d10 with the next one. That one was 20.


I'm just waking up. "What? What's going on?"


It's going to suck either way, and I don't want to die, but we might die.


Yeah. Absolutely.


Are you a "Sincerely" person, or a "Love," "Love, Algar?"


Why don't we reinforce with the rope?


How, how do we get to look at her belly? Should we go swimming, hope she wears a bikini and check for scars?


Scanlan, have we ever told you you're an asshole?


32, total.


One's out! One's out!


Well, good for them. No.


That's pretty good. What did you add? Oh, because of Pass Without a Trace! Oh, 38.


Flanking gets-- what does it add? Does it do anything?


I take it back, we did meet one really cool person.


Let's do recon, let's observe it for the next six to ten hours and then rest up in the shag.


Okay, and looking for traps. Stealth with--


On the way, I look for someone who wasn't the guy who hated us before selling more of those poppers, because I want to stock up before we get out of this godforsaken town.


(mumbling) Nine.


Oh man! I've got to get out of that habit.


Could be a tide cave.


That's already there.


Is it magic acid?


Did you believe her?


First one, yep, it hits with a 20, which is nine points of damage. Sorry!


He took some artistic liberties with this one.


We'll all run in, search around like maniacs for ten minutes.


Already?


CritKarma!


Man, battle scars?


Vesrah. You're alive. (laughs) Hey, that queen, she's pretty scary looking, huh?


There's a j in it.


No, I'm not all right. I've made some bad decisions today and I've terrible thoughts and-- Ugh, I'm so tired.


I know. That means it happened!


And it had to be so carefully worded.


No, dude. No, she's never mentioned a significant other, so, I mean.


Let him finish the damn spell.


No, I just hear a voice and I was wondering if maybe I take it out--


Ooh! Thank you! This will help make up for the 3500 gold I spent on this fight! (laughter)


So that would have been-- my first save is 13?


Forward march! (whip crack)


Critrole.


So you're going to ruin everyone else's joy. You're one of those couples.


We'll figure this out guys.


Very. It's lush.


"Shedulable."


17 on the first hit.


I'm not sure I understand. We see a drop-off?


Yeah, I can do that.


Ten?


He did his job, though. He got us here.


Theoretically, four times.


Good shark. Good shark. Good shark. With a bite attack--


It's one of those mega water balloons.


We will more than double our gold if we take this mission.


Well it's up to-- oh dear.


My charisma bonus is four.


Your arm gets torn off.


Yeah. A little recon and then we--


Fuck off. Are there any pictures in the book?


Thank you, honey.


Extended puppy.


Okay, weird question. (laughs) All right, we've got a giant spiral machine hanging by two chains right now.


(whispers) Vengeance!


Oh no, is this going to be a puzzle?


Can we find a tavern?


The mohawk lady.


Okay. I'm going to-- I'm already hiding, right?


Oh my god, I was not expecting that, and therefore have no idea what I'll do. So there's pixies everywhere?


Fireball! (laughter)


15 feet across the street?


Sorry. I totally forgot about that.


(whispers) Shoot her in the back of the head.


Ooh, Pike. You could be Pike. You would be a very big Pike.


There they are. (laughter)


D&D?


I think this is the first time I've ever been taller than you.


By the way, when Caleb went down those four balls of light disappeared.


15 damage.


Tree Stride!


Maybe I won't keep it straight behind my head.


Wow, two 20s.


Didn't he leave with a--


With an athletics check?


You know, it's this kind of intense fun that you can get in every Loot Crate. (laughter)


I'm going to say, "Help me! Help me now, please come in, save me, save my life!"


Does it look good?


Oh, a mile up.


"Shut up."


So just don't create a penis on my head, okay? And we're square.


All right, all right. Thank you for the lift.


I'm good at a distance.


I don't know if I--


For those of you at home, this thing has been just driving us nuts.


I don't have a potion of haste!


Yeah, just like us.


No. Hmm.


I'm going back to my room, I'm not eating. Yeah.


Stealth role? Okay, not good. Worse. 18.


What's Avantika doing?


There's a chance the Core Anvil could be made of molten rock, right? There's nothing that says it's a not dangerous, totally cool to be around piece of thing.


Take the axe out of him.


Oh, I am? Okay. I am going to stick a root of licorice in my mouth like a hayseed like I'm Fjord and cast Haste on Nott. Read this because your armor class is up, you have an extra action per round, you have advantage on dexterity saves. I will do my full movement forward. 30 feet.


That's 18 points of damage.


How many of these devil-guys are left?


Can I reach back with my hand and--


Okay. Oh, that's it? I just do that? 3d8, that's it?


Why am I drinking your coffee? I'm going to stop right now.


Yeah Tanya! Woo!


All we can do is get gear and do things and we can sleep for a few days.


Aw!


That's creepy. Fucking disgusting. I think we have people watching us.


Well, then never mind that.


Yep. I run that direction, and then I'm going to use my bonus action to do that. I'm going to hold my attack until his attack.


God damn it. (sighs)


Can you say who you are? Who are you?


For my bonus action, I'm going to take a greater healing potion.


Also, he has a cloak, just like you have a cloak. Really cool. Also, he always kept me company. I know you had a lot of time by yourself, right? So did I, and he always kept me company.


Also, Mr. Gentleman, sir, we didn't catch you at a bad time, did we? It seems that you just stepped out of the shower, or something? Should we come back after you've dried yourself off and made yourself presentable?


I don't know that we're letting it go, so I'm going to cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on it. Throw out a little piece of pastry and I'll yell to it: What's a swamp frog's favorite drug? Croak-aine! (groaning)


And that's the one where we're going to maybe have to get a little difficult.


That's not bad. 23?


No Kima?


We'll talk to them and see what's possible.


You are a tiny man.


Get used to that sound.


I am horrified by what's going on.


No, get them. Get them.


Sorry, what?


Do we assume the form of clouds?


What'd he say? I left the door open for you?


You guys really should plan this out better.


Oh no, are going to ring a bell in my head?


I don't see anything at all.


A really strong 13.


Okay, you're right. There might be information in there. Let's go look at the cabinet.


You've never seen bees before?


And just dive at her. Just dive full, head-on, straight for her and bear hug her with Banishment.


It's a tree and a bear.


Oh, God, look, fine, they're not dead!


You fucking got pets?! [music]


We should eat and then sleep.


That can hold 30, 40 people?


Ferris Bueller, all the time.


Boney.


We literally have no idea what we're up against in any direction.


It was entirely on purpose.


Hey, I have a dumb question, and I'm sorry. This is at your discretion, but I can add a d10 to my attack roll after I've made the attack roll.


Oh, yeah, you're just pointing at things. Got it, got it. Yep, got that. Yep, oh, got that. Got that, yep. Where? Yeah.


I just want to know if he's all right.


Do it, Percy!


Perception you said? 22.


Paring knife.


Jesus, shitty rolls.


She is a wallflower tonight.


Rugby's dope, man. They're hardcore.


Oh no, all of his stuff!


It might be a depression on the wall or something.


She won it in a card game and hung it on the wall as a decoration.


It's entirely possible that we could return to where we were with only a few minutes having passed.


So the Christmas Critmas is going to be the 3rd.


19. No, is that a natural 20? It's a natural 20.


All right. Stealth and fly in. Can we do that? Is that possible? To stealth and fly at the same time?


We were forced.


I'm sure it makes it.


Are we doing a show right now?


I'm going to use my boots at this point.


Is this pressure by design, or is this what's been done to the structure by the transformation?


Was there anything in the box?


That's a good idea. That's a great idea.


I don't have anything to do for bonus, outside of Spiritual Weapon.


I go to the barkeep. Is Claudia awake?


I'm going to go towards it.


Unlock the ones that are not trapped.


Yeah, no, I wouldn't dream of it.


Lovely. Trinket, no, he's not with us.


Let's go for it.


There were six. Now there’s one. If you find him, we would be forever grateful.


15. What is that?


How would this be different? That's my question. One more person, sure. A healer? Sure. But--


That's a big promotion for him. Carpenter to first mate!


Yasha assists Beau in getting the ship--


Oh, that's a good idea! Can I ghost ride the whip?


It's Maverick and Goose!


I asked that.


So we know where he is now. It'll give us a little bit more time to formulate our plan? This is your fight, Grog, we'll follow you in this one.


Here's another issue. It's going to take me a minute to do the tree.


Shouldn't Fjord?


Five days?


That's a lot of rolling.


If only we had some sort of sphere!


Ooh, styling!


You guys are not very discreet. You're pretty easy to follow.


Jonas?


He totally just took the ring from--


You've got to do it in Egyptian!


What time is it, did we say?


66 points of damage?


Double the last two attacks. Which were much less.


Thanks, Sarah Palin.


The second one is a 15.


As we walk  I know this was our way in or whatever, but we've got to cut to the chase at some point, right?


We need heat, and more than my wee urine can generate.


The tentacle.


I'm ready to go here.


And I'm gonna go ahead and cast Daylight on--


This is what I think, Grog. It's too fresh. You need some time away from it. We should absolutely come back and you should break that guy's fucking face, no question.


Which, you know, could be a lot or couldn't. Depending on if you want them.


Like a raptor.


Can I do the vines from out of the portal?


Was he helping me?


I like it, too.


I rolled an 18 for arcana, and you know I wanted to check for--


Yeah and it's not a magical disguise.


All right?


Okay, DM? 62 into the back of his head.


It is my favorite thing. It's my little baby.


Did it look like they prepared anything with fire before the creature came out?


I turn the hat at an angle and make it look a little more dashing.


I'm Vex. I'm going to dart away from this ball as fast as I can, and I'm going to come up here.


We should have checked for traps and stuff, you guys.


Hi. Oh, we have to wait?


(gasps) You have a pearl!


Okay, I'm going to cast Locate Object and envision the Sword of Kas to see if it's around us. I cast it at 3rd level, though, because I used up all my 2nd.


Am I resting long enough where I can put on a few hit points?


Who are you to talk, Crazy Eyes?


Who's left? Garmelie?


I'm growing it!


Godspell. You'll be fine. Hope you don't like burning alive. So you tell me what to tell him, because I don't have the paper. Upper left? Upper right? What do we start with?


18, 17?


Are my feet behind me, crisscrossing?


I'm not done! I get four more shots! Two in quick succession to the middle one.


If we drop you off, are you going to change your name or something? Are you afraid Avantika is going to come and kill you?


I take out the idol of Pike that I keep always close to my loins, and I hold it tightly, and warmly--


I'm going to scan still while I'm--


I'm not going to subject a poor little child bird to that.


Every time?


Remember, if anything goes wrong, it's been a pleasure working with you.


Technically three.


(inhale through teeth) Ooh, that's only a 12.


Fucking fuck, this is not good, guys.


I can't see him yet or I can?


No, go for it.


The thing that defines the worst leader a people could have is a lack of empathy.


(whispering) Dragon-slayer Longsword.


You took Gern's magical broom?


I think you have to register your email address, so I don't know how many times you can vote, but you have to vote in all the categories in order to vote for the one category.


Yeah, he's got a tramp stamp.


Oh, it's so good. Natural 20 and a three. That's a four.


Okay. Things are going well.


I can't like--


I miss my druid.


How many times do I roll?


They speak of another?


No, I like it. It's fine!


You're a beast!


What do I do until then, do I just continue--


17 plus--


No, no, no stick together. Too big of a group of an army upstairs to split us up.


Ogre.


What else are we going to do to it before we face El Vecna?


Yeah, we've established that. Stay put, don't move.


It's pretty good. Not great.


Yeah! Hitch up the horses.


Symphior.


How did you destroy it? Do tell me.


No, look and search around and see what's in the bedding.


As the unofficial leader of the group--


I'm going to offer what we can give, and see if that's enough.


Julous Dominion. Two centuries.


A favor. In return--


Well, we need horses, right? We don't want to walk.


Very. Keep it that way.


I'm not bothered.


Haha! That's much better. 23!


Take off the beer goggles, take them off! Those are plus-two magical beer goggles. Take them off!


Whisper time! Sweet, sweet whispers.


Let's sit down on the ground and look non-threatening. So we sit down cross-legged. Just casual. Like we're having a tea party.


Deception with disadvantage. Okay, 11.


How is this going to work with him and the Raven Queen? What do you know? Vex, do you know anything?


No, this one's good.


I'll buy a healing potion.


Also a Jean-Claude Van Damme! And also, I think a Marvel villain, as well.


No, 25 to hit.


Quite a few.


Yes, well, you do know best Caleb. All right, this sounds like a good idea.


Melt each one. Maybe it's got to be the metal they're made out of.


Gag me with a spoon, Mrs. Henderson.


We have to find these two men and bring them to a temple or something, we can't just leave them--


We don't touch Doty.


Make for the... Gravid Archipelago?


We've got a hand.


A compass?


So there's an entrance to this trap door that possibly is on the outskirts of the city?


Do you know how to move the ship if you need to all of a sudden?


Is that her right there? No that's Cassandra.


Butthole.


Party's over.


Also, there was something other really important.


Is there a reason why you won't drink? Are you afraid?


If you whisper to Grog, it's going to make me really happy. Yes!


Go, maybe you should go see what is going on with my brother? Maybe you should go find out what's happening with my brother.


The door that I'm right there-- If I backed up into the door?


Oh, your sneak attack?


Somewhere in that time? How long did it take last time? It wasn't a full 24 hours, but it was the next day.


He's coming.


Stalactites, yes.


He's your first mate now. And--


(whispering) Dear--


You're leaving, too?


Oh, good. Trinket's about to die again.


I like Tanya!


You can summarize it; it'd be fine.


He's combing my hair.


Balleater?


You have another Tree Stride in you? Didn't we get here today?


Is there a central area info desk?


Are things moving?


It's a zig-zag motion.


With advantage or straight?


You know, good old Chent.


I'm looking at him right now, actually, I've got my gun in my left hand and I'm looking at him.


Kitten kebab.


I mean, I suppose that could work, possibly.


Many things?


Thank you, this was so much fun!


Oh, so nobody's in the cart. Except for Yasha.


Sure. Yeah. The previous events have rocked Fjord a little bit. Are there any bars or taverns in Zadash that may house frequent sailors or people of trade, merchants?


Okay. Did you make this?


They don't know what I'm making them out of, but yeah.


We're not barbaric! We're not-- no one wants to lose anyone on an Aramente.


Well, they're my sister tribe. They're a part of my sister tribe. I come from the Air Ashari.


Just once?


So the total was 20,000 minus the platinum and the dragon scales?


Yeah, I'll find other stuff otherwise. Other than that I've got diamonds and some-- I'm looking for some general store kind of stuff.


Oh, good roll.


I am so happy right now.


We'll head from Westruun to Zephra.


Why isn't he moving? Does he have a helmet on?


"Oh. Well." How about Seeming? This whole time, have we looked like crazy peasants during the battle?


You chunked!


But she paid for the whole night with all of us!


Okay, can I step back a few feet? I don't want to go that full movement, maybe on top of the table. Can I get on top of the table?


Okay. First attack-- that's cocked. I'm sorry, it was a good one too. Oh, it's the same roll though: 19! These are two off-handed, right?


We were on the way to the cabinet--


It's the lizard man!


Yeah, what are we carrying him by?


Did you zero in?


Oh, thank you, Grog.


Oh. What does that do?


Well, that's fun.


I've been thinking about it for days.


Felicia might die!


Everyone's giving her inspirational talks.


Let's go into the city!


This is a filthy jug.


As a bonus action, I can channel the omniscience of Ioun. For one hour, whenever you successfully hit a creature with a spell or attack, you can learn one of the creature's stats of your choice from the following list: AC, senses, saving throw bonuses, damage resistances, damage immunities, damage vulnerabilities. During this hour, you also have advantage on initiative rolls and on saving throws. Once this ability is used, it cannot be used again for a week. Okay!


How many crew-- 12-man crew?


Oh no. Hit the deck!


Yeah, but I want to get up to a tree that's far away from him. I don't want to hang out on the broom, I just want to be high enough that he can't jump up to me right away. You know what I mean?


Not great. Arcana? 11.


Although I did get made fun of already.


Were we just on the docks?


It was a cube, but Caleb, knowing that, would put the troll in the corner and send the rest of it in that direction.


I hate this force field shit.


Where's Pike?


It's a banshee, man.


I'm going to try. Seven plus two. Nine?


And there's how many gnomes?


Do you want to be the compass man? Are you gonna man the compass? Be navigation?


I think the god of gods wants to say something.


And Trinket is very comforting, pressed against my shoulder as I do all that. He's supple.


I try again.


How about this? Here's an idea. Go back to the merrow that we killed, get one of their tridents or whatever, Disguise Self like you're one of them, and then you can just swim in like you're a bad fish.


Grog's not here right now. This is Philip. If you'd like to leave a message, come back another time. Got to go, bye! And I walk away. I find Scanlan in the crowd, and I reach out and shake his hand.


I was going to pop off a couple more shots.


I'll say, regardless of what version, when you actually get the book, it's going to be treated as an artifact from the Cobalt Reserve, so there's going to be historical texts and writings from various librarians in the Cobalt Reserve, chronicling the adventures of Vox Machina, including a lot of fun Easter eggs. And there will be some fun Easter eggs in there, there may even be some background meta data that doesn't really exist anywhere else.


Yeah, free to go at any time. As long as it serves everyone, we'll stay this way.


(muffled screams)


What were you thinking, really?


I know that exact, accurate smell.


I know! He's the Lord of the Crossroads.


Get your doilies out.


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn!


Unless it's an area effect. If it's an area effect I'll use Evasion.


(singing) I'm so vain. I probably think this song is about me. I'm so vain.


Hey, welcome back.


Should we call Grog?


The bird, baby, the bird.


We're going to take a nap after this, right?


I get to chop a tree at some point.


It's your title, sir.


Those are old times, man. That was a different universe. Different life.


Behave, all right?


Well, did you say anything you didn't want to?


My second attack, I'm going to take at Greenbeard, and I'm going to shoot through the flaming bowstring.


This is the most extreme I've ever seen her.


I’ve definitely been here in my vision. (all laugh)


I start to move away from Cali.


Oh. As I see that, I'm going to float this more towards me.


Can I run in the little prison, and tell the dwarves, if they are conscious, to say, "Don't exit from where you came. There's a secret entrance up and in a store room. Go that way, and stealth out."


Suck it, girl!


I mean, I'm the chief. I can do whatever I want, right? I don't know, actually.


I never pay for anything.


I'm looking. I've got nothing.


As we're eating I'm going to  By the way, did you ever perhaps finish making that extra earring I gave you several weeks ago? I don't know how long it's been.


Can we see a past that into any further clumps of webbing?


Oh wow, okay!


Oh not great. Nine!


I'm sorry, before we go on, what was your name? I don't believe I caught it.


Shorthalt.


Oh, we're definitely doing this. We're going to Ank'harel.


So guys, as long as we're live, that subscriber giveaway still stands.


T-A-R-Y-O-N-D-A-R-R-I-N-G-T-O-N


Oh, do we get Trinket?


Nine points, that's including sneak attack damage. Plus fury of the small, so 11 points of damage.


We should probably run.


It got bigger when we got in here, that's my feeling.


I'll be hanging back a bit, as well.


(laughs) Right?


Hero Forge.


Now there's a robot with sentimental value.


Someone keeps forgetting to do it.


I'm going to move forward, up to the other side. Yeah, can I see them?


Sephora.


No promises, but man, if we have an opportunity to reunite these kids with their parents, that's a pretty special deed, don't you think?


We should get a wig for the Judge like the Plank King has.


He healed him 70 hit points. Is he still raging, though?


Why don't you share that with us now Tiberius, instead of keeping it secret?


Your name's Clarota. I'm sorry.


I'm going to walk up, and I'm going to flank it so I get advantage.


I lift him up and put him on Trinket so we can start walking.


Stealth check. Pass Without a Trace.


Just for the sheer limerick.


Are you staying within the castle?


I don't want him to hurt you, Mom.


What happens if we don't?


That's all I can do.


One step in.


--and hide.


I don't have ability, I understand certain magics. If you want me to explain what those things are before you try them willy-nilly, yes, I can tell you--


Yes, the library.


You'll hang out, though? You're not going to disappear?


I really want to see what it is. Oh, you don't have a bird, you have a cat.


I'm flying up.


Ooh, still.


Well, Hilda never showed up for her interview! (laughter)


Grog, you're inspired.


I'm going to unleash a round of attacks. Two attacks.


I'm going to peek around and look at the Gentleman.


I'm not doing that, no way! You're crazy!


That's dumb. That was dumb on my part.


Do we have Locate Object or something?


Readying it as a spell, yeah. The second he moves--


Right away.


Come on sweetie, let's go.


Yeah. I think that's a very good way to handle it.


Yeah! She doesn't want to hurt her baby, Caleb!


No. I just--


So that we'll know if someone tried to come in the room?


Too much meat. What are they feeding?


No. Yes. (laughs)


Grog had Annette, back in Emon. She was great.


I'll use the spiritual weapon.


Real vampires.


Oh, I thought there wouldn't be insects because it's cold!


Stay on the table.


Febron.


Oh, I've been there! You can go stay--


The Greying Wildlands.


I scream out, get the gates open now!


(quietly) The bow.


Yeah, well, I cast Cure Wounds while that happens, so go fuck yourself.


Can you see us? We can't see anything.


We're about to head home, and we want to make sure that you know that we have not forgotten that we're indebted to you and that we plan, quite possibly if it's amenable, about contracting you for services in the future, as well, in your more common field.


We'll get out the rope and throw a loop for you to grab.


Scanlan, what do you see on the other side of where you are?


Just Pike?


Strength checks?


Oh my god, there is!


(reading) "Bo," everything's crossed out, "Thanks." (laughter)


All right guys, here's the deal--


Flashing innocents through all the city!


Do you believe in me, Fjord?


What about the Bad News? You broke that one too, didn't you?


Thumpety, thumpety.


All right, who are we missing?


I don't know what any of that means.


Keyleth looked at her and thought she was a kid, and then--


That's actually pretty good, man!


Okay. In my weird, emotional panic, Keyleth is going to turn and look around and she sees Vex firing a bow and Sprigg down on the floor, and she's upset, and she's just going to scream at the top of her lungs and do a Fire Storm around the building. Just (screams) and then I'm going to go (boof) where I think people might be in my rage.


You don't go below zero, you hit zero, and you're there, making rolls to see if you die.


Aw, shit. We're back here again? Drowning.


That means she's as tall as you, Grog.


Right. Sorry. Good day, fair Whaska. Strong Whaska.


Few years.


And before too long, we have a demon who wants you and I dead in the night. We have to deal with it.


Okay. Well, it's a doorway, and we have to go there. It's the only way to stop this.


Did you have to use your dagger at all?


You would.


Front of Molly.


Yeah, of course he is.


Does this mean that they can see in the windows on the second story now?


Pommels of the daggers.


Didn't check for traps.


If there's one close to me, I would like to cast Mage Hand and grab it.


We hear that. Soltryce Academy is located there as well.


That is 11, plus psychic damage is 13, plus these fuckers. (counting) 35.


Can we take the fabric and sew it into a nice afghan or something?


Oh, let's see.


Why don't we go in and look?


The guy in Tusk Love had them.


Oh, we have one of the best defense mechanisms. Grog!


No, I rolled four.


So my spell DC is 17.


And that's cocked. Reach for the sky! And an 18.


Okay, I'm ready any time.


We got to get inside of it.


Why don't we Seem all of us so we can go take a look around while you talk to--


I It's okay. Now I understand how it works.


14 total?


All right. I know you just make dancing lights-- or at least you can feel like you just make dancing lights-- but those dancing lights make sure I can punch people in the fucking face whenever I can't see shit. A little bit of teamwork goes a long way.


You look really tense. You look out of character.


That's okay. You've engaged them, which means they're less likely to use their bows.


Angry die.


It's size appropriate.


No, they're not looking, we can just go.


Say it.


Do you have a dagger?


We're not fucking vampires. Look, what are our options besides burning the house down? I'm open to other ideas.


We're not alone.


That was that one carpenter we met in in Vasselheim.


You were still freaking out like a month later, you were feeling really bad.


Oh, but I can, I can, oh wait, I can cast Locate Object, but not people. Does it work the same way? Would a Hotis egg-ball be an object?


A really good forgery.


I'm not metagaming! I'm legitimately asking whether this counts!


Now if we let you out of here, right, which we're actually in the process of doing, what is your weapon of choice?


Lots of whispers, guys.


You made that, though!


Really crunchy.


Vuvuzela.


I'm just following Vex.


Come on. Roll for value.


Don't use that one, either, in real life.


We've kind of already had this conversation before we went and poked a badger with those floating instruments, we really don't need to do every single thing.


That guy. I would like to aim at the dude on the right, the one closest to you, and I will carry over my Hex that is still up since it lasts an hour, so for my bonus action I will cast Hex on that motherfuck.


How little will he take?


Stand over Yasha, take the rope, and start tying her hands together.


I really liked it.


And then 22 on the third.


Let's get the fuck out of here!


Yeah, it might be smart to have a boat that actually works before we go down.


But what if we give it back though?


We're going to eat a Heroes' Feast.


I'm just watching everybody barrel to my feet?


No, no, no, I'm kind of into it.


It was 14 points of damage?


I feel like if I were going to build a giant tower that couldn't be ignored, I would have that be the center of anything and every place. It may not even matter.


I've just arrived to New York City, I'm going to smash the doors open.


Yeah, we put the whole thing together.


Yeah, well, I told you why I am afraid of fire. So you are going to bring me to that library.


I'm doing a history check, if you want to do a religion check.


I collect things. Among them are pieces of gold. I have more.


Yes, because where all the planes-- almost like a Venn diagram, if you want to think about it.


Wait, what were the names? The Briarwoods, Ripley, Sir Kerrion Stonefell. Who is he?


You know what? The sassiest of the Golden Girls-- I think because my lovely daughter, literally-- It was 120 days into the school year, and she dressed like a 120-year-old woman today, my six-year-old daughter. I think that the bust of a tiny curly-headed 120-year-old woman needs to slam its way into the torso of that manticore.


All right, before we leave, is there any type of research we should potentially do?


Did someone tell you to do this?


Who wants to stand in the middle of the road?


We need a body!


Wait, was he holding a weapon?


And I turn to the fire elemental because they're coherent, right? I'm like, do you really need me to do this? I ask it the question.


For them to leave.


I didn't. Seems all right.


Just noticed the good work, that's all.


I was spending my time cutting the parchment up into even, little rectangles so I could make them into multiple pieces of paper.


Happy Winter's Crest.


(deep voice) I'm sorry, you have to talk like this now.


I was thinking fire too.


I walk off.


I can move my arms, though.


Makes it too real.


-- which I will roll for you right now, and we-- both are cocked. (singsong) Landed on the side. That one-- is that still cocked?


Stealthy walk.


How many tarts do I have?


Is that Vax? All right, once again, I'm going to Thorn Whip this bitch.


I'm sorry, Scanlan!


I'm going to once again not move. Can I go ahead and cast Healing Word on myself?


Fun guest star.


This direction.


Can I come out and bow before Scanlan and say, "Forgive me, master, for interrupting, but the female aasimar is fighting back."


I have a couple of empty vials, but they're small. I've worked with chemicals before, I could try to put this acid in the vials and stopper them.


I think it's funny that we spent so much time getting it, and then we're going to destroy it.


Silently, we can kill these two, I think, very easily. As long as you don't move.


There are holes in all of my business pants!


Crystal chandelier.


I'm going to push to the far corner of the hallway and take a look down to see if I see anything. As far as I can get.


Coming right for us?


How do you go?


All right. Thank you, Dairon.


Vax, will you come in here a minute?


Yes, so we'll go buy more. And then we'll see what else they have. I would like to see if we can procure a couple of items, like a couple of empty vials. I've used a lot of mine. Maybe find some acid or whatnot at these item shops. So let's look around and get the stuff.


I'm not going to toss her. No, she's unconscious.


No, she doesn’t! Is that true?


Yeah, jumped the shark on that one, man.


It’s really just a stink-eye.


I'm not attracted to you at all, like literally if it happened I would be ill, but it's really nice--


You want to do your--? Read my mind.


Lyra. Thank you for asking because some people just don't care.


I saw bodies of a few of them. It's all a bit shady. It's all a bit of a blur.


Here's the question. Could brainiac Caleb with this book, which is her own coded cipher, Comprehend Languages with enough time try to study the recurrence of vowel sounds, consonance sounds, and try to create a key to this book?


In Halfling I will say to Beauregard  Hey, don't you think we should go talk to that Allison person?


Oh, popcorn down. So next week we're doing Critmas, next week.


What a bunch of assholes.


Are we able to tell the direction-- where the lizardmen are, in relation to Nott, or just yuan-ti on us?


I just got flicked in the nuts. I'm not doing that. I'll say jenga.


The Groggy-poo.


Nope. It's just going today.


They look familiar.


He's moving?


You know what. I'm going to think on that.


So what type of people like to participate in these duels?


I look around. Is Scanlan still outside?


We're not taking him to our place, we're taking him to Uriel.


I know, but... I craved that, so I took it.


This is Dungeons & Dragons!


Yes, The Ruby of The Sea. You've heard of her?


What can your imagination make? Keys. Ladders.


I'll be reading my alchemy book, because I have had so little time to catch up on my reading.


Oh, it's going to take damage.


I don't, but I have a fancy robe. And I put it in there and I bundle it up.


Well, it wasn't really an official fight, it was more of like a one-sided ass-whooping.


Excuse me. Battle Chasers.


Not within the magic orb.


(Gasps) 37. Total.


Right, but imagine if she had gotten her eyes on you. I mean, don't know what she would have done.


That is the very ceiling of intelligence of his.


Trying to wrangle a beast or seeing if they know of anything that's in the vicinity that we can at least feed to it in the meantime.


You have to remove the body from the bag before you walk over.


You really don't think that's--


Am I still grappled?


Tea time. That's a 26.


So the fact that Delilah Briarwood is back again and the person that we're going after, it seems perfect.


Well. Sometimes, boys like-- Why am I telling you all this? Your mom's a lady of the night!


That is ace.


You have to hold it.


Gnomewatch 2015.


Okay, all right, all right, if you wanna read it, I will go over your shoulder and be on the ready in case anything bad happens.


Who is the oldest?


Do you want to camp, or do you want to take a breather?


And, of course, we are always willing to repay in favors.


Okay. Well, I will sit in the field then and give him a little chuck under the chin and-- oh, wait. Before I go away, am I looking for anything specific?


Yeah, somewhere around there. A couple miles.


That's some southern shit. Get the molasses out your ass!


What's Thed doing?


That has to do with the job that I had before the job that I had.


Is there any way for them to contact you if shit goes down while they're up there? If we need to go in as the cavalry to the rescue?


Just come on, then.


I would live in the... Next Generation world, universe.


You're less distracted.


Fuck yeah!


Just be distracting!


No, no, no, no. Come on.


Hail the new king!


I turn and-- brass dragons have fire breath, right? Do they have fire breath?


Are you always like that now?


We were going to play some Truth or Dare.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. (exhales) Good deal. Tight. Wow, distance doesn't help. Okay.


We'll case the landscape.


Vax, can you help me pick these locks?


I'm just curious, why are you so worried about the theater? I love the theater.


Want some d6s? Or are you okay?


Is there a bar here?


Oh! You didn't plan a commercial at all this time.


And, if you want, you can just boost to, are you at 12 now?


I use a sailor knot.


I'm going to stab the third one.


Plan two--


So I'll go--


Just taking aim.


You have poison?


I do remember getting platinum, too.


RPing that guy, and trying to figure out what would drive a human being to do something so stupid as to invent a gun.


What time's the sun set here? Can I ask somebody?


No, but you're precise.


Far enough that nobody can hear us.


And I put my crest on it. It's a moon. It's a full moon.


Okay. My back is to him.


Scanlan had his first kill. You saw it, right?


I will fire at the thing. With my crossbows.


Scaldseat?


There are vegetarian options as well.


Do we go steal stuff and bounce?


We'll say when they're going to go in the store.


I can hear music, it’s just really quiet!


No, I'm just-- I mean, I'm not-- I'm okay.


Look at this fucking game! (laughter)


I like you in your armor better.


Just needs to--


Times two?


Hey, that's good!


Sounds easy, except it's really not.


She's out!


Yes, we have a guest.


Three attacks.


This is going to suck! And I put my head underwater to see if I can look around.


What? Does anybody have a torch or anything? No.


Ooh! 25.


Um, I'd prefer a nature check?


But it could be the 13 people that could change the tide.


Unfortunately for us.


That's better. 23.


One a year.


Depends on who you're talking to.


And she's the nice one.


(long sigh) This sword came to me in a very unusual way. I've been a sailor for many years myself and was lost at sea during a storm. When I woke up, I found myself on the shore, and there in the waves next to me was this sword. I don't know how I got there, but as soon as I grasped it, it changed everything. The sword, however, did not have the eye. The eye we found later, my companions and me.


Can you point to me on the map?


Were you watching, Grog? Grog, you weren't watching.


Okay. Safety word.


I'm at the door.


It's true. That's hilarious because it's true.


Keyleth runs over to Vax and just hugs him super fast and gives him a peck on the mouth.


Yeah! The caravan just came by.


(coughs loudly)


Bluetooth?!


Shit balls mother bitch fuck balls!


Simple weapons!


They do that cafeteria thing, "Hey! Hey, you want to sit? Over here?"


So it's like a pebble ball pit in front of us?


Grog pranking.


Does she have a candle in the room that we could light?


Every time you open your mouth that wide, an entire new universe is born. (laughter)


That was so CSI Miami, man.


Well? Fingers crossed nobody gets it.


I wanted to pyro shit.


I don't think so. Kiri, would you like some human jerky?


Yes. I'll start singing to myself. This is a stupid idea. I'll inspire myself, I'll sing: (singing) I give inspiration, it's just what I do. Every time they try to knock me down I just get bold. I give inspiration, every time I do. Every time I open up my mouth it comes out gold.


Can someone who can't successfully lie to me please explain to me what's going on?


Safe, practical, measured.


Well, thanks.


Okay. I'm going to get off my horse.


I would feel all right with that.


Like that guy when he's unloading the shotgun in Jurassic Park?


He's doing it, too.


Are the coals hot or are the coals cold?


You know, normally I wouldn't feel comfortable talking about shit like this but you are all very shifty.


Oh man. No, but really, that's where the battles took place, huh? So this ancient being could be from, potentially--


20. Natural 20!


So are we in agreement that we have to clear Uriel's mind first?


Yeah. It's fucked up, is what it was.


For a question? Okay.


How long have you been a soldier?


Is it at will or is it a random roll for which eye does what?


Well, Vex went this way. Is it in that direction?


I'm the wrong person to be doing this.


Mm. Open your portal to the Nine Hells.


Are we out of combat?


And the second one is, ooh, 25.


Okay. So the-- I'm hitting him with poison dagger.


Surprise, bitches!


Can you come out of the bush?! Please?!


I have one! No, I have a stone.


Is the armor solid?


Obviously some butthole.


That actually-- did that burn my action?


Man, this sucks. How are we supposed to get to those assholes? We can swim!


Just enough.


The beholder strikes for the-- mawp. Mawp.


It's that harvest fest. Remember, there's another tournament and stuff that we can enter into.


So, we're stealthing, right?


It's a good plane of existence.


It's 120 feet, I think. I'm going to check it out. It's 5,000 feet.


I may take a piece of armor and see if I can put together some sort of frag grenade thing.


Scheisse! (coughing)


Yes. Can we not talk to the middle guy first? Can we go right to the last guy?


What about the brazier? Is it cold? Does it look like it's hot?


I totally believed you. I was like "Oh, wait, are we?"


Yeah. What do you think?


Did these ruins crumble, or did they sink?


Who's Kynan?


And Vasa could get us into the keep? As insects?


Nott Detective Agency always gets their man! It's all right.


Maybe. They might need three. There's two of three. I'm eyeing Jamedi as I say that. Presumably just two of three. As long as it's just one, maybe Fjord is thinking better of it.


Okay. She is paying him no mind at the moment?


Yeah, very talkative for him, actually.


The gauge of his pipe?


It's a lot of fun, actually.


Oh. Hi.


It might explode?!


Yeah, of course, you're right.


He needs it!


I'm behind you guys.


Oh, oh, oh! I would like to know his wisdom stat, please, Matt.


I rolled one by accident.


I don't know where they are!


Joe, you're sitting on Scanlan Two.


(hyperventilating)


I can get us back to Thar Amphala on the Material Plane and specify that, but it doesn't specify where we're going to land in Thar Amphala.


That's the fastest way. Up your butt.


Go ahead and see my way out!


She's right fucking there.


Your nobility is showing, Percival.


I'm down for the cause of the war. Just not when it's a stupid fucking plan!


I'm putting Grog in the fucking locket.


Christ! What-- why?!


And 17, 21 again!


All right! I'm going to use one of my skills that I have which it doesn't expel a spell slot and use Awakened Mind and touch them both with telekinesis, and in doing so I shall cast Mass Suggestion, and I shall say to them, you will take us to your enemy, the white dragon, and there we shall slay it together. Then you shall return us here safely, where we shall part as friends bonded forever in the slaying of a common enemy.


Can I help with this?


I think I can do it twice. I can do it twice.


So it goes (low hitting sound). I close my eyes again. I swing around the other way, and I try to connect.


Over lava?


Percy, everywhere is at great risk right now.


That is level-- Oh, good. Level three.


I'm off to the side with Grog going one, two, three, shoot!


All right. They're pretty big, so I'm going to take the negative five to my attack bonus and see what that does. That's a 21.


Yasha and Caleb in Napoleon Dynamite.


I'm new to the being an inspiring leader thing.


What was it like when you kissed him?


Yes, d20. Uh, that's a half a d20.


They're all new, friend.


It's so exciting!


What's your name, darling?


The full one?


I have no idea what you're talking about.


Does my Patient Defense do anything here?


I mean, I suppose she could run over to the gangplank and she could try to pull it and shove it against the dock and push off.


Of course! (nervous laughing) Of course.


Yeah, mm-hm.


I pull Grog aside.


Maybe. I feel tinges of things on occasion, nothing I like.


And she said she would lead the way to the vault?


It's in Rexxentrum.


Do I have a clear shot, not that I'm going to do it, but I was aiming at Percy, so I would have a clear line of sight. Is there nothing between us?


But when you talk to Groon do you want to be blue?


The circlet?


Oh my god. What size is that thing?


No, I like this. I could drape myself over it.


First I would like to turn to Thorbir and say, are you kidding me?! How many rats are left?


(whispering) Sorry, let's go that way.


Good news, not a sea monster. Bad news, a big hook that leads to nowhere.


Yes, but not everything left the city. There's enough there. It didn't get randomly distributed. I'm sure that they have it, and I'm sure that we can make a deal.


I thought it was, like, black and glowing. It’s white and glowing?


I want to watch.


Well, they don't really tell you much. Just tell you to go back-- go out into the world and prove yourself a leader, with no real definition on what they think a leader should be.


Both of them. I'll start with the first one, and work my way down.


The Lawbearer!


Okay, attack number four is a 27!


Will they? Dragons are vain, how do you know they won't just find that dragon weak and think that he's not worthy of them--


I'm going to prop our idiot up in the window so I can go in and keep an eye on him even while I'm inside.


Go left. Jenga, jenga, jenga. Can we put Grog on the carpet now?


You should be tracking it in your D&D Beyond currency counter.


I'll hold my action until someone gets within melee range of the thing, and then I will fire a crossbow.


And then we can push the tree on the first cart. That'll be fun.


We have to focus on it in the morning.


And I have a bad history with hags, and I would like--


High noon?


Yeah. Just play. It'll be great.


Oh, that's it? I know.


Do you have any more potions?


Then it can't control--


I'm a ballerina.


Further.


I could've told you there was people at the pyramid.


I don't know, I'm sorry--


Folks tend to stay-- Let me try that again. Folk tend to stay with their own class. These victims are all wealthy folk. And they seem to have the Velvet Cabaret in common. It's very likely that we're dealing with somebody who is rich and powerful.


Remember, we have the--


But the rapids are right there?


Yeah, apparently they do that.


Did your computer die?


Wait. How far did I go?


Claudia! When we were over at the Gala, we saw things that were going on, it was crazy, a tower exploded and then all hell broke loose. Did you know someone tried to steal my stuff?


Well, we need allies and we need power because we're not in shape to take care of a coven of dragons at the moment. Seems like slightly lower-hanging fruit than the other option?


Coming our way?


Survival. Nine.


This is about to be hilarious!


You're going to shoot people in the back.


Are they wearing armor and shit?


You really are?


A Grecian urn of mayonnaise.


Wait. So. I'm alive! Rogue rules--


You can place it-- hit the giant and the dragon.


Opening for Carrot Top.


Maybe this city was taken somewhere else or something. Transported here.


Matt, can I do one quick shoutout?


We don't have anything on us.


Hi, everybody!


Oh man! Come on 20!


They do. As the bird is flying, just for a second, I say: You know, ordinarily-- I can't hear you, but he's a cat almost all the time, so this is a rarity. You'll be able to climb many trees, many other times, but we should take advantage of him. Well, okay.


Wednesday Club! We're in an interesting transition point for a lot of shows on Geek and Sundry, so we thought we'd have a card party. It's not as sexy as it sounds.


I'll help him.


And I tug her sleeves and make them a little more orderly and I move a bit of hair out of her face and I do a button that's not done.


Yeah, that's the top thing.


Well, there it is.


You still have the blessing. Does anybody else need a blessing?


Somebody has a gambling problem.


Plus another roll for advantage. Ooh, that's way better. Plus six. 23.


Wait, did we already give him the 100 gold?


It's worth it, it's worth it!


Is everyone here afraid that they're going to be murdered at any corner?


Hi, mom.


Plus five to whatever I roll?


You've had the worst couple of days.


It was halfway between two.


Okay, so I, on the ground, turn over to Vax and I’ll bonus Healing Word him.


Oh no! It's a sign.


She's raging so 3d6. Nice! 14.


You found a magic 8-ball!


And the stone gnome.


We have a deal we'd like to make. We have a token of our-- We want to play cards?


Busting out the Courage again?


He is still?


I'm pretty shit.


I feel-- (whispers) Should I say?


That guy. Man-crush?


We're all going to be here for a one shot!


Is this Truth or Dare?


Now we've just got to wait for the wind, guys. (laughter)


Waka waka.


We have to rest, yes.


It does? Fuck. Then I'm not doing it.


I'll aim two Eldritch Blasts up at one of the two harpies that's flying up above the mast.


You know what, I want to see where this leads. I'm going to leave it here.


Well, I'm in a tunnel, right?


Whywolves. Too many. Too many, sorry.


All right. This is going to be fun. That asshole who just shot me, I'm now aiming at him. And I'm going to push him off the roof, this'll be fun. So, pushing him off the roof, am I going to do extra damage to him, or am I?


Do we know what happened?


I got knocked for failing.


Can I perceive around and see if I see any switches or anything that would turn them off?


All right. So I have this big asshole in front of me, yeah? The house is catching on fire, right? Yeah. Nope, she'd still be really upset and really angry. So continuing what I was saying before, she's gonna rage a little bit more and go into her fire elemental self.


Let's make no promises, but again--


Check us out on Wednesday.


Can I assist this as a charismatic fucking half-orc?


Is this the door?


Could we have a conversation near the bow of the ship, perhaps? Away from ears? Is it empty towards the bow?


We had to kill them all, but we got it.


And send two Eldritch Blasts towards the area that she's at, at disadvantage.


It's super-duper cool. Here's the thing it's not going to be just two, I don't think. It's going to be an entire town of people that they've controlled.


Yeah, we do.


Good. I like it.


She invited me over. We talked all night. One thing led to another-- nothing untoward-- but we just had a nice slumber party. It was lovely. It was me and a couple of tieflings. Three, I think. We were doing each other's hair, telling stories, playing songs. It was wonderful!


No! If you seal off the passage, right, we keep going down, and if that's a dead end-- it's probably not-- if it is, can't we rest and use the same spell to open it up?


Clenched Fisht attack, Money Penny.


Fire safety, kids.


Can we get a feel for where the Briarwoods are going to sit?


Uma. (kiss) Matt: "Oh! Well--"


We're going to stay within 60 feet of each other.


Well, I'm a master of words. Should we abandon all hope and just flee? Is that what you're suggesting as our leader? Or should we carry it through and prove everyone wrong?


(gasps) W.C! I get up and I run and see if our horse is still there.


That's amazing. Are they a secretive group? Do they have a business card or anything?


So you can recognize me if I die in a fight and you have to go to a lab and identify the body, you'll be like (fake crying) oh, it's him!


I don't know how to be a rogue!


Somebody wasn't asked.


Funny you mention that, yeah, you know--


If you hear any word of that horn, will you send word to us?


We're going to go back to the cave-in. Oh, wait, wait, wait! I did have a question. I feel like it might be smart to get my arrow out of there, in case anybody comes out and sees an arrow.


Jesus! Scanlan, is this one yours?


Since we're close, can I do a medicine check? Are we close enough to?


So that's that. And now I'm going to take a sharpshooter bonus, so... Oh, that sucks. That's 11, that doesn't hit.


I'm in the bed, you motherfucker!


The beard is okay, right?


(whispers) Power ballad!


Lost? Gave away.


Is it morning?


Whoa, that was fast!


W-B-D-N-D.


What do I get when I'm right?


Wow, Matt.


Are you looking for traps as you go, brother?


224.


That would definitely work. Will you add my name to that list?


Oh jeez. I'm going to constantly stay within a few feet of the Starosta, but not in like a weird way. I just want to like overhear his conversations and see if he's talking about war and stuff.


Yes, we should. Maybe some arcane house could tell us how to deal with these things.


Tary, we work on very strict rules. If you fuck us, we take your hands.


Plus poison.


I can't let you do that, Lyra.


Then I'll go now. Because they're more than 30 feet away, right?


They were running around. They got diarrhea. Isn't that what you said?


So that was today. I could do it again, and then I can Misty Step us, and then I would be out of my 6th, 7th, and 8th-level spells. I would be burning higher spell slots to get us there, but I could do it.


We got the hat.


Yeah, they will!


Fucking nailed it.


Okay, first one. 14.


Come on, Mononoke.


You've fought in this Victory Pit before?


What if we send him out to sea? Don't necessarily kill him, but make him leave and then make it seem like he was the one that did everything.


I went to Underworld and met some Critters, it was good.


There was a spiderweb in the corner of the room and it's really pretty.


Sure, why not. What am I looking like?


Yeah. Because you need a character sheet. It's important when you've crawled into a mountain's butt.


I made two. I made one of me that I gave to you, and one of you that I keep with me.


It was thrilling. It was exciting. And they were going with it. They were eating it up. I had them right where I wanted them. I could've told them fucking anything. It was great, right?


When you walk down an alley and paint dicks--


Grog doesn't know that! (laughter)


What if he sees you, Percy? I'm better at hiding myself.


The good news is, we're in the middle of the wilderness and no one is going to find him.


So here comes the total.


Is there anyway to freeze the water or get rid of the water?


I'll use the action surge.


That is a four and a five. So, nine.


It was such a good carnival.


Oh, it absolutely should. (laughter)


They mentioned that Dashilla has claws that grasp. Just throwing that out there. Really committed that song to memory.


Sometimes it's worth owning a mistake, and I think yesterday was a big mistake.


He was smaller then. He was smaller then. He, you know.


Arm wrestle that bear.


Yo, you cool? You cool, dog?


Oh! Do you not see these-- These amazing--


You're feeling guilty for calling him rock-face, but not for telling him to eat shit? I like that. That's great.


Badass, what do you want to do? Are we staying here, or are we hitting the road?


No, I just tied it onto the back of my pack.


I'm out of the triple digits guys.


I believe that's pronounced Ma-choman Rand'Savage.


Eight damage.


But she ran her full movement, didn't she?


Encourage this. Oh no, encourage this. (laughs) I encourage bear.


I'm going to wake up and go see what the girls are doing.


Goddamn it, you people! Hi!


Sure. Thanks!


The flirt talk?


I can't fulfill every need.


Oh, is it? 'Tis, so it's dropped, so he's regular size.


Okay, 21.


Does no one-- I'm going to take a moment.


It'll arouse suspicion.


The collection of barrels. Are they on the inside in the courtyard?


I can't do that, but I will do that.


Oh, yeah, of course. I'm fine.


Yes. We need to get you into better order, okay? All right, where we at here?


I go to hug him, but then I forget that he's... Is he still enchanted?


She's good.


Like the walking dead, you're gonna sneak by the rest of 'em?


With salt crusted on it.


And what exactly are they doing under the castle?


Please. Please.


Did John have a dead pool on when it was going to fall?


So I'll watch for the first thousand feet, but I assume he goes beyond that, because it's the ocean, so he keeps going down and down and down. I will tell him to look for this wreck, for what we are looking for, and when he finds it to come back and tell me about it.


Okay. No, I can't do that, can I? I look at the guy next to me, I'm going to take a look-- oh god. I'm going to take a running jump off the front of the house.


They’re going to take all of that, so if anything--


The stairs are a metaphor.


No, he's not a Hufflepuff. He's a Slytherin.


It's 30 this time.


Today it's kerplash.


Understood. I wasn't quite finished yet, though.


There's a lot happening.


Roll the d10, add it.


I'm trying to not make assumptions.


Can she talk? Can you make her talk?


Yeah, so teeny teeny teeny, like, finches or hummingbirds.


I'm bummed about the chocolate. You guys have any more chocolate milk?


Did you shave?


You still netted a profit.


You said walk away.


Do I recognize any of these symbols? Does anything look familiar?


But that's when we were bad people, and now I guess we're good now? So here. It was about 20, 25 gold.


I mean, you would think the wizard would be fascinated with the idea of the wizard tower that's very mysterious in the middle of the city.


You'd better roll strong.


How big was the feast?


I will be burning my 7th-level spell at the top of the day instead of at the end.


She throws it, I fire, it explodes. No structural damage, only damage to the creature. That's how I see it going down. (laughter)


She is a terrible person.


No, no, I'm still invisible. It's not a concentration spell.


I want to know what blood type they are.


I mean, if gods can give us their blessing, why can't she have one?


Maybe he doesn't know.


Yeah, I walk over around the table towards Asum. I try and poke her in the shoulder. Him.


Well, between you and me, I did.


Well, I have really good paint, you know.


When it does this, do I release my arrow?


It can leap? No! It leaves? I take the final arrow before it gets away.


I mean, I suggest we wear shoes and pants, but you know.


Let me tell you, Reggie, it would be the best deal you could possibly make. I'm going to use Charm Person.


I'm going to go to the pub as well.


Why would you want to be famous?


Oh, it might be in the locker then.


Was he?


Already, before we even do that.


She is really cool.


Oh also, Frumpkin is up here in my sort of scarf position, and I bring him down in my lap, and I take the sausages out, and I sort of like knead one of the sausages in my hand a bit, and I say, you know, I'm sorry, but the next time that you go off to your pocket place and come back, this will be gone. And I start squishing sausage grease into his hair, and rubbing it down his back so that he smells like sausage.


You can't just sneak up on a person.


Are there anything like bats? Have I ever seen any bats?


I wish I could help, Tary, but I think that's out of my...


Blood?


Another layer of insanity.


Scanlan is really charming.


Yeah, I actually wouldn't mind if you check for magic. And Nott, actually, there's this four-foot long box if you want to try and open her up for me.


Yes. Because I learned a trick back in the day from my father and the Air Ashari people. We used to do it as kids for fun, but it might be perfect in this circumstance.


(disappointed) Okay. 12?


(singing) Breaking the law. Breaking the law.


I will remember this slight.


Dear Jarett, get me some drugs.


All right, I'm going to charge in! (laughter)


Bachelorette party.


We'll go, we both jump down at the same time.


I will take out my wire and--


I'll open the door. Is there any ice? No? Okay.


I still think Clarota was a pretty good guy.


17 hours later?! (laughter)


I have a few more nights of studying to do.


Do I get Retaliation? Is it a melee attack?


(whispering) Was it lacy panties?


Yeah, every time I twist it in that one way, it'll make money drop.


Weapons training.


I don't know if 12 gallons is enough to kill a tree.


All right, so I've got an arm around the top of her forehead in--


Oh boy. A lot of my plans got swallowed.


I feel so special and blessed, you guys.


Eight points of healing.


Yep. Par for the fucking course.


Was he telling the truth?


Oh. 38. 43.


What do you prefer to drink?


Like a ketchup packet!


So what, just-- the half-elves are left alone in a room covered in pudding?


No, I'm right next to you.


Well, thank you for your time. He pours his glass out on the ground out of the bartender's view.


I have shoes for everybody.


Yeah, we heard rumblings down there.


I would love some.


Oh, that we were listening to at the door.


Athen?


If the blacksmith knows.


Well, I thought that-- is that not what you're doing?


Will you be able to get in?


I'm already in there.


I don't know how much the circus has and, honestly, I think Ornna would lie about it if we asked.


He's high enough up. In theory, he can't reach.


Happy accidents.


Let's follow them.


Are you being of use?


If you slow the first cart, then the other two behind it are not going to be able to go any faster, either. (metal clanging)


Watch over us. Something about watching over us. Yeah, validate free parking.


Pike, perhaps you should spare it for your god, or offer it in sacrifice to your god?


(laughter) Why am I not surprised?


Yeah. We're still in the open, right?


What if he comes here? What if he comes here to try and find us and he kills all of these people? What if we led him here?


Where were they?


I'm going on a book tour, so please, if you haven't, preorder my book. feliciadaybook.com. I'm going to 12 cities, then DragonCon. I'm pretty excited about it. I'm going all over. I'm sorry, Midwest. It'll be fun.


That's very handy, Jester.


It's going to be awesome! It's all set in the world of Alice in Wonderland.


It can.


We have a bunch of food and stuff. We'll be fine. We can move on with the journey.


I will kneel down and pew, shoot it in its hindquarters. That's a miss. 12.


Ah. I don't think we're going to win this fight staying here, I think we're going to have to rally power, I think we're going to have to rally allies. I don't think there's enough here for us to win.


Stealthy should go first, and that's not me.


It's good. Go download Spotify right now, so you can go, if you haven't. It's free!


Okay, so in Goblin, I'm going to say to them I'll hold them off! You get the loot with the horses!


Do you remember with the agon-day with our utler-bay?


Can we work in like a Wolf Blizter hologram? Like they have on CNN as well?


The highest.


What can we do, Doty? What can we do?


Hey, I'm only a little drunk.


Well, start fucking talking, Percival, because we've all watched you talk to yourself for five straight minutes, and we're not going to deal with it for much longer!


Worse than a natural one?


Awesome. I'm going to-- ooh! Is this Sneak Attack, because I'm stealthed?


That's his subtle way of saying I'm not going to make level 15.


In the wrong hands, which are my hands on occasion. I felt bad. I feel bad. I feel like I did-- I was not a good-- I feel like I made a poor decision, and put you in peril, and subverted your free will. Does that make-- Uh, no.


Does it feel like there's more in motion than there were before we set off the blaze?


It was a red herring. That was a trap.


Okay. I'm going to turn around with my duplicate, and I'm going to cast Inflict Wounds on the cabinet.


Unless I miss, and then it's nothing. No, I would like to take apart the gun. I'd like to take apart the gun and figure out how the hammer works, how the gunpowder ignites. Is it a pack of powder like a bullet, or is it loose powder with a ball?


Well, because I would hope that with my, you know, Tary's golden locks of flowing hair and with my very impressive cape that I got, you know, for touring the world. Like a frequent flyer card.


That'll hit. Can I try my parry maneuver?


It's a handaxe.


And I will-- I will sing at him, (singing) And you still haven't hit what you're aiming for!


Oh, shit. Maybe we should have the guy take it. Or should we just leave it outside? I think that's a bad idea.


The dragon.


Let's go get cleaned up.


A button!


Oh my god, is this like another boss?


It's in front of me. I can't make it go in front of him?


Let's light it up. See what happens.


Not intelligence?


I'm ambling behind them.


Evan-tee-ca? Ev-ahn-tica?


I don't understand how magic works.


Love you, Pike.


In newspapers everywhere online if the website is named GeekandSundry.com. So, everywhere. Yes, and so it's going to be starting next Wednesday. They're going to be releasing weekly on Wednesdays.


15, so, 21.


To plug our good friends at D&D Beyond, I need my fellow castmates to help me. Can we practice? Can you all say, "Boo"?


Have you seen the prisoner here?


Yep. So in this room, it's a circle, what's the distance across the room?


His Mayan building. Can you not understand simple English?


I have an axe.


What's in the cave?


I rolled a natural 19, so 24.


Are there stairs in the room that we're in?


d10? Oh fuck, that's right.


That's an important nut.


You can also build a Taliesin robot, which I did, and named it the Taliesin 2000.


What I do is not really important. What I want to get done, I think, is what matters. What I want to do is start this quest. Is that what you called it? Quest?


That fast?!


What do I get, 3d6 right? One for the hit and then-- that's 18 points of damage, but it is not a magical weapon.


One thing that I can tell you about the Crypts that you may not know. They're not man-made crypts. They're actually the inside of a fallen titan's body.


I still haven't ordered mine. I need to get my hoodie.


Pull it out! See what we've got!


Wow. You lasered in on that like nobody's business!


That was the worst thing.


But you have a title!


Keyleth, you are so hardcore.


Let's see how tired we are tomorrow.


Do you really not want to know your past? Answer truthfully.


From which side?


He hasn't died, it's amazing, this thing has not died. He should have died so many times.


Why now? Why have you come back? Not that I'm not overjoyed to see you, but I'm curious.


Hey, Wessek.


It's been over an hour, we've killed nothing, we'll kill these fucks!


Any time, any place.


This is what we are now.


Agreed.


Hits. Armor class 14.


How did that happen so fast?


God, you're so bad at D&D!


I'm gonna hand her the potion anyway, as she's standing there, so.


I just want to figure out what her beef is with Avantika. Maybe she can be our key--


I'm just above you telling you how hot you look as you're doing it.


Wow, that was invigorating.


Do you have any new staff members?


It's also possibly someone to watch the cart while we do our businesses.


I didn't get a mask because I wasn't allowed out. They kept me in the temple. It's because they were bad, all right? I'm glad that I'm not with them anymore. They're bad people.


Okay, yeah. Because he's really stinky.


That, that also hits.


It's like this little dark cloud right over you.


Tiberius is working on it, I have a feeling deep down inside.


For whatever you're trying to hand to me.


Question. Can it climb?


I'd like to go stealth and I'd like to see-- is there one clear, main entrance to this place?


I've got this great trick, but I can only do it once.


I think it's a potion of waterbreathing.


I'll need your largest bowl of ale for this one here.


Then someone would have to get the dog back.


Hm.


Right. Okay. Then I'm just gonna... I feel like anywhere I go it's danger-zone in here. I'm gonna try to hide behind that tree in the middle, but I feel like that's a bad idea. Yeah.


39 on the first hit.


What does her jacket look like? I mean, sorry.


He's over 9000!


Duraga.


Don't talk unless you're asked a question. My little mate over here will begin.


It's locked very far away right now, in a very secure room.


Yeah, I'll be in the house.


I remember hitting the ground, and I remember watching you die, and then it was her face again.


Oh, no, I didn't write it down, I just wrote that I have the books.


I was, in fact, the bear. Thank you to all those that guessed. I was the bear.


At the bear-est mean.


Do I know of any creatures that are underwater--


Sam? Could you kiss your right gun?


That narrows it down! It's not east or west, guys!


Could you make some sort of cavernous hole out of Doty's chest?


Yeah, all the shanty area of people--


I feel like I'm learning so much from you. Is that what they say?


I fell off a boat.


He's so happy though, now that his hand is back. Let me tell you.


The Hall of Erudition?


Was his name Frederick? No, it was with an 'r'.


You serve the Mother well. It's only fair that you be rewarded.


Yeah, we checked all the rooms. We checked the other room already.


Fine! Fuck it!


And Bigby's is--


We don't want to have them see us going over there.


All right, no plan.


This is going great. We are totally stalling.


That seems promising.


Does she want to destroy it?


I didn't ask why she was wrapped up.


Oh, I rolled really bad.


You don't even know where I am.


They didn't bring any tents for us.


But anyway, the last person to go on the Aramente was my mother, and she never returned, so we haven't really had contact with the Fire Ashari for a while.


Family and history are important.


Or heal us.


You did it all, is it just us and the general?


I think you put them on your feet and they protect them.


Thank you. Six.


I know I wrote it down.


How about this, let's spend five minutes doing all this stuff and see where we're at.


Against his nasty-ass scent?


Thank you, my love.


You'll have to be very careful. It's very dangerous. Not just for what you're shooting at--


Indoors, by the way.


And does it have anything to do with charm or sleep?


Okay, so now he's rolling for claws. Okay, so that's a 25 for the second one.


Do a naughty doodle? Okay.


Then you suggested we sleep, and suddenly we don't need diamonds anymore.


What? On both? Wow.


Probably five.


Tangleward? Did you say tangleward?


It's all he's got right now. He's naked, and now he's invisible running through a cavern.


Can we do that? Or does Pike do that for us?


Stakeout.


I can move? Can I take anyone with me while I move?


Well, let's stay on the path and see how long it takes.


Walking on the ground as a human, is it up to here, or--


You didn't have any?


Nah. 15.


Handcone up, yes.


Okay. Do you know how to fight them?


What if I roll a one on it?


Are we cheeky or are we serious? That'll totally change our entire disposition of the group.


I'm pretty sure this makes you a member of Vox Machina now.


I think it's oh, it's 15.


Oh, I missed your welcome party.


I am not coming with you until you tell me, Pike.


Split the party?


There's only seven of us.


You were on the Critical Role wikia last night weren't you?


You've got a little shielded person.


He's only got the one pair now.


Under my hat, definitely.


Around there, yeah.


Can I ride you into town?


Pull up the hood and I buckle myself up. I take my scarf from around my waist and tie it around me for a facemask.


I used my 7th-level spell to kill a pixie.


Is that your final answer?


Can you add any of your secret sauce to my sneaking?


Also, handful of pizza.


I forgot, I have one more quick announcement. I can't believe I forgot this. So, I was talking to the mods about it and some other people, maybe I told them. So I'm going to challenge you guys in the chat, my one last final challenge to you all. I am going to get a tattoo to commemorate my year at Geek and Sundry here. And I would like that to be of you guys's design. So I'm going to challenge you guys on the internet to tag me and a week from today, I will Periscope me getting a tattoo that someone in the chat room designed. Most likely a Snugglelord; it'd be cool if it was a Snugglelord.


What is a corruption point?


Can we start looking for the lodestone?


It's not so much restive as active.


Take advantage.


I'm content to make a clock tower and make art and never make another weapon. I'm good.


No, I'm like this. I'm doing this.


Trafficking kids?


Yes, thank you. One is a natural 20.


What kind of creatures do you offer to it for hunt?


With him, right, like he's a necromancer.


Can I hit the fucking jewel?


Are you lying?


You're an eagle!


It's not like a tee off and then we go.


Champ?


Oh yes, I'm barring the way


Good thing I only had one frittata the other day!


I'm showing off some trick shots to the Trickfoots while we're--


Yeah, if he thinks of it.


Four damage. Wait, I rolled the wrong one. That's much better. Ten damage. I'm going to spend another ki point and do Stunning Strike. Jab to the ribs.


Grog, go get our bard!


Year and a half ago.


Where are we taking him?


Do you think this is what-- Do you think this is what Mother saw before she died?


Just chicken and waffles.


Yeah. I'm still digesting that, so I think the only way I can really interface with it is just by making jest of it.


And then we hand it off to someone awesome.


Did you hear that?


Advantage. She has advantage because--


Don't say anything.


So a warning shot's okay?


Sure, but if you don't hear singing, she hasn't gone yet!


Sam is my favorite when he's judging his own jokes.


Did Ophelia mention how far out into the woods that person was?


Trinket, smile! Be friendly!


I can do that if you like.


Five of us, Tary is there.


I reach up and I put my hand on it and I cast Commune With Nature. Do I gather anything?


I instinctively cover my neck.


Do we have the blueprints to Greyskull Keep?


Well, that takes one thing off the list. We still need: The lead box! Get Horris out of town! The Gentleman! What else?


All right, paper trail.


What are they made of, leather?


I mock him and that's three points of psychic damage, and he has-- really? Does it not even matter? Then he has disadvantage on the next attack.


I stay at the front door.


Slash Raishan's.


You want to get that guy down to the treeline and get the people out.


Yeah, pretty much.


I'm a young 28.


Haven't we had them for years?


Oh, nice! Congratulations.


I'll come, too.


Then no.


(strained) I want to help the planet.


Hold up, hold up.


I can't tell anymore. It's all black. Sorry!


Of course, Quinn.


Does he look armored?


Yeah, we miss Pike!


Did you have a good year together? Sort of, I guess. That was the last time we saw you. Have things been good?


Sketch out something.


I thought someone brought him his weapon.


Does it seem like both of those factions are still-- are they clustered in the same groups?


Jamedi, is that Cosko? Is Jumanji--?


I thought it was still yesterday.


That's what I just said.


It worked for the Spartans in that awesome 300 comic.


How's your dick?


Where are the animal men? Are they watching us right now?


No, it would be a normal, or like a swimming creature, though, what's the speed of a swimming creature?


Well, say it, he might roll less.


I was overcome with a lot of stress, you know? We're fighting dragons and bonding with goliaths here and you're in my house, and it's a very very stressful night for me, I'm sorry.


I'll head up to the stained glass.


You're close, though. You can throw something at it.


That's a long time to be out of Order.


Yes, Pike!


They're all super magic, super-duper magic.


Well, my sister has locked you up, it's true.


We could set them on fire from a distance.


Yeah, well, we need to enlist your help.


That's a lot of jewels.


Don't judge me.


You're going to help me?


Hey, Fjord?


There's no ash on the floor in the hallway that we are in right now, right?


I use Thaumaturgy to open all of the windows!


Wow. You won't tell anybody, will you? Because some of that is personal stuff.


