What makes them interesting?


Nope, it can be blinded! He's got 70 hit points. He hasn't taken any more damage, correct?


I'm not alone, and this affects you, asshole.


Negative two. (laughter)


I was him, what does that mean?


Wait, but I cast-- nope, never mind! Keep going!


That's pretty much all I can move, you think?


No, there was a symbol.


It's very mysterious.


It's looking weak.


Remember if anything goes down, Fjord and I will take point. Caduceus, I noticed before it seemed like you guys were poisoned immediately, but not lingering?


Why don't you threaten him with a trove of goblins around the wharf while--


Oh yes, do you want a--


I turn and I lean into Tiberius and I say, he's going to be cranky the entire time we're on this field trip, isn't he?


What kind of check?


Love your healers, folks.


Can he bounce off at some point and stop pulling through this fucking rainbow of death?


Yeah. Really appreciate what you said.


Don't trust anyone.


You need a magical vibrating fork that is connected to the vibrating plane of Kord.


I think you're good.


How do you know if they're there?


I shake Beau awake.


My kids have fought a broom. This happens.


Are they thick or thin bones?


Yeah, but I have Gnome Cunning-- charisma--


If the white dragon is a hunter, the easiest way to incite damage is to sneak into the city and start mauling and killing Draconians that are left over, and just leaving bodies everywhere that he wasn't responsible for.


Was it a lot of guys?


We're fucked.


Why did you use an SAT word, Matt? Why?


Oh, man. Awesome. Oh, no, damn, it was almost a natural one. I'm so sad. That's a six.


Fuck, I knew it. Well, we've burned off two of his legendary resistances.


So it's coming towards us?


We're trying to stick to our word at the very least.


30 seconds?


Are you guys going to go with her?


I think if we have Allura here, and begin that conversation, then we can have Allura's insight.


All right, come on, meteorite.


Best friends!


I give his pick back to him. And I say  it was just luck, Vax.


You already are. Look at this handsome lot. You look like you need to be a vinyl decal on the back of a minivan.


Percy as a character.


What did you roll on your beard check?


We don't necessarily want to own that here; they are very stern about mistakes.


I have to bare my teeth at everyone! Look at these things, they're huge!


Can we consult the Rand McNally?


Do you want to use your ranger tracking skills, or should I try and cast the spell?


I like that you two match, actually.


There's some under the ice right here.


The second one is a 16.


That's true, 'cause I've got range, so that makes sense.


I am going to make my way behind this guy... if I can.


The Ettins are throwing boulders at us. Go, go, go!


Wait by the gate. Like a butler.


I know, we got paid the first time we helped, and then we got arrested the second time. I don't know what lesson to learn here.


You've got the fucking book!


Can I try to catch them because I still have the Telekinesis going?


Well do we have to leave? I mean I'm not wanted anymore.


Sometimes having a pupil teaches you something about yourself. Just saying.


The ones who can't change can go first and we'll make a distraction and then the ones who can can just walk in after.


Okay, that's fine. For the rest of my action, I'm going to, after that, two slashes with the sword to finish it up, and then hop down.


He's right next to it! Get up, Trinket, get up on the wall. And I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns on the thing.


I don't think so. So it's still going?


I think the full tapestry.


Oh Jesus H. Macy. Nine. Nein!


(singing) Bar wars, nothing but bar wars!


Little further back, yeah. Is that all right? Do I have to roll or anything?


Yeah, I got a one on your inspiration. Thanks for that. But I rolled well so it doesn't matter. Hopefully. 19 plus my dexterity modifier plus my proficiency bonus? 30.


Yeah, my friends keep dying. Do you have any health potions?


No, don't worry about it, it's fine. You want to flank the door with me? You're not with me. You want to flank the door with me?


We shouldn't tell her about the rug.


Okay. Can I just yell at it?


Maybe you could find her.


I'm here!


Not bad.


Holy shit, that skin weighs a ton. Good thing I'm strong as fuck. What'd I miss?


Yes. Which no one-- and it doesn't even work there.


What's up? What're you doing out here?


I'm going to cast Divine Smite on it.


Their sister, sorry. Bryce's sister.


I'm going to go sit down for a little while, and breathe.


Jesus H, 30.


Mutiny!


Damn it!


Cali, do you plan to go back to Port Damali after this if you're successful?


This all exists somewhere else, doesn't it?


Wasn't me! It's all I care about!


With that big swinging log thing!


Like making out with braces.


Brother, do you want to scout up ahead? Maybe fly up above the river and see down into the oily land? Both of us.


Projects? I don't like that--


Who? Oh that fancy fellow.


I turn back to Jester and I go  Jester! Puppies! Patient Defense.


You're hasted.


A mind flayer?


Yeah. I know--


I can make you disappear for a while.


You could have asked for a magic wand or a unicorn, a pony.


Caleb and Nott got ten, ten.


Is it one use only, and then it's gone forever?


Best pals!


That was one attack.


Not the ring! God, not the ring-- I mean, I, fuck, I totally forgot about that ring until now.


He made it worse. The water here is pretty clear.


Oh, you are! Okay.


Is that the hot one?


Of course. Damn guards.


You have such loneliness in your eyes.


It could be all vampires. Or it could be a totally normal town.


I'm Tiberius Stormwind, and we are Vox Machina. Everybody has names, too.


If you've got to, you know who to aim it at.


He's coughing up salt water again!


I start fake-weeping into my cup.


He totally did.


He twitched again.


Buddy.


Yeah, you got pissed on by a bear.


And he's going to remember us and love us. He's going to be our best friend.


That's what they said!


I was envious of you once. God. So sorry. (sighs)


That was it?


It's true, Scanlan.


And 27.


Do one of you want to go over there and say hi, slave to slave?


Crownsguard Bryce.


It was either a six or a nine. I don't know.


What do you want to do? What do you want? I noticed it too.


Open the door.


Right. I don't know if we're trying to get to the inside of the volcano shaft.


I'm worried that they won't take him back, what that will do to his state.


11 plus three lightning.


I will lean out, and is someone engaged with this one, where I would get sneak attack?


Yes. But really. This was not a good plan.


I like how SeaWorld is was what was our line. Of tactless.


Bryce sent us.


Avantika seems like she's had this gift and these visions for quite some time. Maybe you could learn something about yourself. Talk to her a little bit.


Specific directions.


Well, he's getting up in years. Wants to retire to the southern villa.


I'm also in it for a crossbow.


Thank you for having us!


You hold it, I can't hold it, it's too heavy. It weighs as much as I do.


We've got to chip that off. Carpenter! First Mate!


Like to head back now, I believe.


So tense in the silent moment before he said that.


You know, I just feel like I like to be surrounded by all types, to sort of, you know, get to know--


Well, yeah, mostly. Yeah.


Not a big one. You know, small ones.


Sacred Flame making it through!


If he hits zero hit points--


Percy? I'll try to back towards Percy.


Brilliant. You're not going to ask her any questions? But she's a fuckin' felon on the run from the Hells. You're just going to let her go--


Okay. With my bonus action, I drink that potion and I'm a tiny Vax.


You could wear it on a plane.


I go  (yelling) Jester! Nott!


You should impress her.


I've got one on hand right now, beotches.


I would say the one that I had I probably polished up.


It's just one action.


We're so glad you were here from the start of the game, Ash!


Are you a dwarf still?


Hmm. I don't know.


He's a friend? Help--


You're correct! The Angry Pirate.


Oh, okay. I fly up and I stay above him. I don't want to land on the ground.


Just one. Oh, that's good! Take 13 points of healing.


What happened to the children?


I'm sorry. I must be asleep. Are you planning something? Ahead of time.


Keep subscribing, guys, because whispering action doesn't come free.


Shit. We can't do any spying.


He's been an enormous help.


I can see you guys on Twitch! Did you know you're on the Internet?


I'm getting my rogue character ready.


You pay extra to keep your weapons.


Oh, you know, we do various things. I round up-- He likes to make sure everybody's in line back in our area. Sometimes he makes me (sighs) make sure people pay up, and--


I was going to say with Beau's rope, because she's also got the hook.


North always points to the star. (laughter)


I can make an insight check? Ooh, yeah! 27.


I wanna sleep on the ship!


I've traveled very far.


Okay, so I will push that.


That was crazy.


You've got to follow through.


So, I think--


Yeah. Man, inspiring speech. So we're on a brass dragon?


She's becoming the Destroyer!


Don't hit those guys in the front.


We're not lucky enough to have any small boats along the shores that have been beached?


Beat poetry-ed us to our death.


I'll take it. Is that advantage? Better. 21.


And the closest building, the highest building under us is how tall?


It does. A little bit.


I bet that's her. Oh, that's right. I got so distracted by you.


I didn't know it was going to do that.


Implying that we'd like to.


DC on Turn Undead? Let me find it again--


Well, I guess it's time to collect on those ears, right?


Does she get to choose?


Wait, there's a giveaway at the break, I think.


On this T intersection?


What do I smell?


That's not bad, though.


There's nothing I can do to help him?


Is that the attack roll?


It's a light die. It's not like a heavy one that wouldn't be affected by the magnet.


Children, oh, Schusters.


For a while, this time.


Well, unless you have something better to do, you could contribute to one of the greatest people to ever pass through this city and help me learn to read a little bit more. Would that be a problem? I only have 8,000 gold to give you.


Just... you did good.


Do you know where it is? Could you point to it?


Here comes that sneak attack damage. That's four plus six is ten plus... sneak attack, motherfucker! Ten, 16, 21, 22, 26, 28, 29 total.


(whispering) I can open this if you need me to. I just like to save my shit.


(in deep voice) Hunger of Hadar.


I can use Hide in Plain Sight on us, and hide us, and make us look like we're part of the crops.


Yeah. I walk over and I just kick the back leg of the chair out so she falls down.


Yeah, but they could probably see through that shit! His are real!


That was five of them.


What about honey?


Well, I hope to have an accomplishment to add to it.


Yeah, so you don't roll at disadvantage anymore.


You? Technically, you could really go underneath it.


A couple weeks?


Oh god. No, no, no.


Yeah, that's bad.


She calls it a shoe, it's a shoe ring.


Have we been there before? I don't know.


Yes ma'am.


Do you need me to come?


How large is it?


I'm a monster! Eight! Radiant damage.


I'm the only other one that can see.


Who else can go, is there room for one more?


We have food rations. We have options.


Like candlelight?


Wouldn't that still make noise?


I pull out a wire and say, You're onto this, right? This is a possible ambush, ja?


Okay, it's kind of a long story.


I shuffle uncomfortably in my sleep. I don't know why I just had a nightmare.


Pretty freaking sick. Can you talk to it?


And then, can I do anything else while I'm there?


Merry Christmas.


That is nine force damage, and that's my bonus.


We've already been, it's all right.


Tired. I'm going to eat some of Caduceus's food.


What if you got on a mount?


No. I was eating all the food in the mansion.


So stupid!


I don't know that yet, I'm going to keep looking for her over here.


Yeah, that's right, I have a helmet. So yeah, I'm wearing the helmet. I'm cool with that.


I pull my sickle out so I'm prepared for actual up-front combat.


I have no investment in their success or failure. I think most of them tend to be scumbags who want monetary and influential gain, and I think they treat their poor pretty shitty and they treat their elite pretty great, and I think that's sucky. Yeah, I think they're garbage people, but Molly thinks I'm a garbage person--


That's good!


I have a series of expectations, but I wouldn't call it a plan.


Bloodier, ale. Beerwine.


Okay, great. I turn around and I see Caleb being flanked by two of them, and I know he is super squishy. Can I run towards this rat?


This is too complicated for me to mutter, so I'm not telling everybody this. This is too complicated.


Lego Dimensions fun pack of--


Keep an eye out for anything moving.


Or sweatshirts. There's hoodies on there. Women's cut tees.


Was that amazing, or was that amazing? I've never seen anything like that, at all! Cheers to you, big man.


The tattered remains of the book? Eh.


That was plus the seven?


Knowing that he pointed up with a hand at Scanlan's beautiful ass, hand still on his greataxe, paralyzed, can I try and rip-- continuing my rage because he hit me last round-- can I pull the axe from his hand?


I think Percy wanted to be in a tree, too, at a distance.


This makes my duplicate way less fun if I can't move her.


So I leave and rejoin my fellows, wiping the tear from my eye and the poo from my bottom.


That was Bad News. The other gun was working. I broke it but it was just jammed. Bad News was like (creaking).


I'll disengage first. MATT Okay, so you disengage as a bonus action. Move over--


Ow, 16.


It's like 'yay', only kind of weird.


I brought the monk. Are we discussing some escape plans?


He's so fucking cool.


I start casting Circle of Teleportation.


Will you promise to keep Caleb alive?


Many seconds. What do you need?


They're so scary.


You there!


Maybe he just took our money and ran?


Oh shit, Caleb.


I'm going way off the reservation here. He's a little gaunt. He's got a little fuzz, he's wearing this bizarre-- he's wearing this very gentle silk shirt that's got one long, flowy sleeve. He's got a cup of tea. He's just staring. Huh. I think I've only got three more cups. Hold on. I go back in.


This music is fucking creepy.


23.


I start trying to do my best Vax wink.


I like that idea as well.


I walk around and crunch all of that frost. (crunching)


Caduceus, are you down here?


Out of curiosity, sleeping outside of the effects of the heat should make--


Critical hit on a sneak attack. Got it, got it, got it.


What kind of a stone? A big stone? A skipping stone?


As the rakshasa bears down on your head.


Hey! Thank God.


Exciting!


I don't want to get up in that.


Two-handed.


Let it happen. We're all going to learn a valuable lesson.


Are you writing that down?


I think faith and trust are not mutually exclusive. I can not trust you and still have faith, and you should not feel lack of pride for living in the dirt, or surviving. There's nothing wrong with that. But I understand your urge to want to rebuild, become the great culture that I know you all are. So you should at least trust that we have similar interests in the end.


I haven't felt anything since she left!


Did you see where I went?


Individually. 20.


Pikey.


Against scrying.


She was the first and last person I thought of.


Yeah, we should have him do that. You should go to the front of the ship--


No, I'm putting it in the haversack.


I want you guys to know, this is our first time doing this, this is as I said the first inaugural premiere, they're all synonyms, right? So if you're like me you're extremely excited. But please remember that all the people at home are still watching, say hi to the people at home, hi people at home.


(chanting) Yasha!


Screams of thousands?


That's a first.


Is it still an open bar?


Then, we'll just hang out in here and have some fun.


Okay, I'm hitting him initially, so he takes 2d8. They all take 2d8. 17, 19, plus Hunter's Mark on the first guy. They all take 19, and then the extra guy takes an extra five.


What is she doing?


Oh, pour it on, why don't you? (laughter)


Just going to hit it?


Is his hair long or short?


Does anyone want the Potion of Speed? I don't want it to be just my Christmas. That's amazing!


(garbled) No. (laughter)


He hasn't died yet.


It's in the path?


Not tied down to anything but that cloak, am I right?


We will live in the stars.


The Feywild?


I like that you have a handle on your mug, but you don't use the handle.


I try to catch Nott. How is she doing?


Wait, maybe the decimal place was wrong?


This is where Vox Machina dies because they can't figure out--


My goodness, he is very sensitive about this. I'm just trying to set the tone for the ship.


Yeah, your counter ring.


What do I get?


I'll just go around and ask  does anyone need any torches? I found a bunch.


At least you have the diamond, right?


Break her legs. Leave her here.


You can't see it, but if you rub your hand on his chin, you can feel it a little bit.


Or he can do that now. But how do we get Fjord on the other side of the gate?


Right, it's a kid's Encyclopedia Britannica, and scanning through, I saw one thing that popped out.


Give me another four.


I take my Druidcraft and I just make a little flower.


Is it an action?


What are you talking about? They've been nothing but nice. They've showered her with kisses and affection. It's affection that I've never even seen in a family before!


Maybe it's time to--


I will begin it by putting out the silver thread around the group.


We'll think about it. Anyway.


Wait, how many times does he get that damn thing?


Superhero landing.


I-- I let my crossbow bolt go.


(gasps) Yes! Metal Gear Solid it!


We have to find Grog but we have no spells. If we do find him, we can't do anything!


Where would she be?


Yeah, totally. I just wanted to know something.


Oh, creepy. Really creepy. I am going to-- Matt's like.


Little buddy!


Yoplait.


I'm watching him.


I hand back the acid. Don't try and go through his stuff, you're just going to get caught.


Wonderful! Should I send word? How should we arrange this?


Hand on the wall.


She just learned it yesterday!


Like a Medusa type of a thing?


These guys are humans?


What's your name again?


It can grapple a Huge or smaller creature.


I feel like we already knew so much of that.


Yeah. The cleric was nice. He planted one on Keyleth.


Right next to me? And am I still prone?


No, I like to have it cooked. It falls off the bone. It's like a nice--


He could be much more intelligent than Yenk was, though.


You're free to go. Not toward your stronghold, but towards the surface.


Did you wink?


Lou Albano.


I could, just saying.


That's fair. No, I'm sorry. I want to move this way towards Molly.


That was actually a minor healing potion. I was just seeing if you did it intentionally. (laughter)


I know a lot of people are doing a lot of things, but eventually get to me, I'm going to start ransacking the desk for notes about that.


Don't we have a cat that can become a fish?


Shit. He can do that?


Yeah, I'm going to go get some food.


Keeping an eye behind us, as well.


You said Allura took Velora?


No, I am enjoying my hookah.


I could Sacred Flame him in the exact same time.


We weren't listening to anything at all, we know everything. Can you please fill in the details?


Yeah, can I cast some light? Turn on some light and see what we can see down there?


I don't think the store can handle that many.


Northwestish.


You did it wrong.


What if-- Okay.


Yes! He needs mouth to mouth resuscitation.


I need a d3.


Like Legend?


I think you revert back to normal.


Why does marriage need to be so constricting, man? I mean, can't we be free in this crazy mixed-up world?


Oh yeah, they're deaf.


Punch the eyeball.


The other thing is tomorrow is Sam Riegel's birthday.


I thought you were a monk of some sort.


Do I have bags under my-- thank you.


And I will smash that tentacle.


Well I am not much of a believer in old wives' tales, but I do like trial and error, so if you would like to do it again today--


Great. Thank you.


We don't have to take out the walls. We have to break a couple of the crystals.


And I'll move on the other side of that rock so I can see better and have line of sight.


Gobble Gobble.


It gives. All right, so I'm going to go up.


Jesus F. Christ.


Sure!


I'm proud of you, you know. She's just going to love you so much. And who knows, you might have a new girlfriend when you come out. (laughs nervously, sighs) I've heard other people have dated gods before. I've heard it's done. That Cashew guy. Anyway.


I go behind Keyleth and stab three times. (laughter)


I'm going to keep cutting off the arms so we can get to it.


(as Jester) "With my darkvision, how high is the ceiling in here?"


That can't be good.


Remember you have the temporary hit points.


I know, I want to eat that weasel so bad!


They're not dead!


Did you say piece of shite? What's the name of the other one?


Shit, numbers.


You can call him Percy!


Is it a one or a seven?


Wait, wait, wait! Don't go in yet. Let me buff people.


Fjord, even wet you're, like, 150? (laughter)


You got hit with 30 points of damage, too, so that's concentration.


Sorry, my Internet keeps going out.


Give us more hit points?


Not be around?


Is that where we're going next?


Earth!


Nila, do you promise that if you see your son, you're not going to try anything on your own?


Because I'm completely out of character!


I do! I'm all about this. Let's go find breakfast. Jesus.


I can't get out of this closet as hard as I try.


He's fine.


He comes normally around noon, he said.


Yeah, but that links it back to her.


A little quieter than that, please.


(panting) Guys, this is hard to do with alcohol in your system.


She has to go over and pick him up.


You know you've got him when he has projectile tears. It seems opposite of what should be happening.


It just seems like a waste. I feel like I should take out at least the other guy to lessen to the damage coming in.


This was a--


Keyleth, can you walk down this way while still doing that, and Scanlan, can you use Bigby's Hand to block the hole once Keyleth is past you?


I guess so, we're going to go just enjoy your fine place now, thank you for having us.


For sure. I think either way we have to make it to Darktow. And we need a second ship. Third, if she doesn't have a specific location, two ships find that thing faster than one.


He's an expert on mountains.


Can I fit through the door?


Into the woods.


Baller.


Hey, fucking chrome dome!


While that happens, can I use my Primeval Awareness to sense if I sense any dragons in the city coming up in front of us?


Your modifier's right there.


Oh no. Single digits and 21.


Before we leave, can you tell me where Starosta Kosh's office is?


Well, it's 812 P-whatever. PD, right? So 812 years ago. So we're looking for a very old book that was used by Ioun? Who was it used by?


He's giving us magic!


I stole three empty vials from that place. I'm very excited about them. They're empty, but they're still really shiny.


I'll go up next.


Hey, Caleb, not going to conquer the world in a library visit.


We'll need it by sundown tomorrow.


Trying being the operative word.


You just cured me.


I laugh heartily.


Don't worry. We'll clean it up for you. Enjoy your drinks. Going to join the others.


You made 60 gold in three days?


Oh! Okay, that's a--


Five for Hunter's Mark.


I'm going to activate Silence. So that's up. Charge Diplomacy. I'm going to give it a little rev with my bonus action, and I'm going to-- oh wow, can I actually reach? I can't quite reach, but I can get close. I'm going to head against that wall and start climbing up that wall.


What's in the bottom of the crevasse?


Put the whole thing?


I try-- Professor Thaddeus! You want to come?


Is there a faster way?


Do you describe this?


Secure it?


I'll take the sword, shove it-- no, I'm just kidding.


Jarett. So sorry. Jarett. I know.


No, goddamn it!


Welp?


I'm proud too.


Oh, Pike, I'm so glad to see you!


Oh, shit. Okay.


Cloak of protection, like ring of protection.


Oh no, it's moving away! Sentinel.


And discovered that it was, in fact, true. The owner that was missing has been killed.


I don't know any of those words.


Okay. I pass it over.


Yeah, past the pools.


That would be  two white dragon eyes, one white dragon tongue, one white dragon heart, six white dragon claws, and 20 white dragon teeth.


So we head that direction.


Grog can officiate. Be fair.


You actually think we can do it?


That's five.


Traipsing, we traipse up.


Is it like a moon hammer?


You get advantage, Fjord.


Gloves of Missile Snaring are currently equipped, motherfucker!


Can I, from here, before we go in there-- I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on him.


Baby Ghost Rider.


Does 14 hit?


It's only verbal. And I tell them.


I'm taking my three shots at the next gem.


Huzzah. So you can see me at Galveston, Texas between now and Sunday. I'll be there. I'll be rolling around. I'll be a little jetlagged. It'll be great.


I-- I feel good. Different. Better.


Okay, good point. So, I'm gonna take a Sharpshooter shot. I'm also going to-- is he holding anything?


She's a moron!


I don't know. Am I still holding it?


That vampire's going to be up there, full strength. He's going to be back. He's going to be back full strength.


I don't know. A quarter mile off the coast? A couple hundred yards? I don't know, how close do you get to the ship if you want to take the skiff in?


I've got both, but it's best applied when needed, really. There's only so much to go around.


I was going to go see if I could get a bead on where Hotis is. Oh! What, guys, check this out, this is what I freaked 'em out with. And I go back into the erinyes form.


But then we'll be sitting there for two days.


There's no teleportation circles, is there?


(quietly) Awesome.


Okay. Second one is a natural 20.


You guys look like shit.


Hope it gives him some sort of strength.


What's the range of-- shit.


Do you have a rusty trombone? (groaning and laughter)


And thank you for telling me all of this.


Ugh. Okay.


How much would that be?


I mean, there's a lot of differences between the two of you, but you have a lot in common.


I'm not going to count that. Oh, I'll count that. 19. (laughter)


Oh, good idea.


I was trying to remember.


Which is like the one that we've been around.


It sounds like it's going to be no sweat. We'll stay high and dry.


Through the residential district.


Was there anything else you wanted to do, Keyleth?


(sings) In Tampa, Florida.


Keyleth, we can hear you.


No, no, no. The old man wants to redistribute his wealth and we would be the vessel by which he would do that.


But you could become one of those melty guys!


Not if we hide it with some-- some smokescreen action of some sort.


No, you stayed on.


Is this about whales?


On the other side? We were there already.


We'll take a late night. Once it wears off, then we'll camp.


He could just evil monologue a little bit, tell us his plan?


I don’t know what to do now. I roll a d8?


We get into trouble quite a bit. I feel guilty bringing this young girl with us. We've gone to great lengths to get you out and all-- I can't speak for the group, but all I ask is that you give this girl some parents.


I'm going to try. First of all, I'm going to Hex him. He's hexed. I point.


Okay. Maybe some meat pie.


That's a mind flayer.


It's him in there. Let's just make sure that it's him that is the rest of him.


But I can clear it tonight.


You have the necklace from Molly!


Grog goes by himself. Yes.


So I'm like a guard?


Ghurrix, would you like to phone a friend?


Okay. I'll decide on the day.


I think we take it, once you're finished--


This is that time.


Which I am memorizing.


She said she's under the weather. What's wrong?


Just so you guys can think about your process, know exactly what you're doing.


How far away is the structure?


That's true; you could turn the whole thing.


It's hollow.


So wait, do you seamen have cloisters in Trostenwald?


I'm sorry, who's talking, who is this?


You did it! It was so good!


I'll try-- Well, does it have any...


Mm-hm.


Okay. Well, it's doable.


You've brought us to Florida.


I reroll ones. (counting) 34 damage.


It's Critmas!


I don't think that's happened since we played at home.


I will, to the end.


That might be a first. I forgot, so, I wasn't supposed to call him Meat Man. In these areas, he's known as Aes Adon. I think that's what he said.


In my tribe, we have a matriarch of the tribe, the Champion, and her name is the Skyspear.


I think that's in this book.


Before we leave, are there any benches around, just sitting?


Indeed. Same to you.


Wednesday night, it happens after Wednesday Club. It's being GMed by Amy Dallen and it's an interactive storytelling RPG game. It's got all the ladies of Geek & Sundry, so check it out.


What about sound?


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods; she preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear-- her own stolen Trinket-- to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable, and gives expert massages.


Me? I'm going to--


It's about 30 feet from where you are right now.


I start blocking around.


But not Pike. And hopefully not Grog if my aim is true.


I thought we were in the mansion.


I think that all depends on your cooperation. We're trying to find our way further below. You can either help expedite that or complicate that.


I mean, I'd tell everyone, "Call me if it's important. I've got to do this."


Oh, I think I saw Tiberius fall over.


We'll tie your hands in the front.


I left when I was very young, so a lot of them I don't really know. Okay.


This is fucking chaos.


Presents?


Like a dog, I'll shake it off a little bit. Do you have any spells that can make us dry?


So close to where Grog was. Damn it.


Oh, fuck!


That felt nice.


So, like, I really want to go talk to the Kung Fu Panda master. I don't think we're going to get a lot of fights in. The guy, I think he was the teacher of Kern. The guy I beat in the crucible.


Fire does work on trolls, yes.


We've just got one teeny little gap here, and whose turn is it?


So he's either still upstairs or deeper, further.


Spending a grit point. It's been so long. There we are. Yeah! Oh, the curse is broken, that's 29, 31.


That is an eight-sided dice, yay!


Maybe be best to find that gold elsewhere.


Okay, let's take the cadaver outside.


What tunnels?


It feels funny.


I wanted to... yeah, sure, I'll break the canopy.


I'm three, yes.


I think it's about time I used these.


Yeah, if we try and camouflage it. Spend the rest of the day camouflaging it.


Do we need to go and find them? And try to--


That is so courageous of you. Do you want me to Fireball her now?


(fake coughs) Okay. 14.


Okay, so they take 2d12. Six. Ugh. Seven damage.


Was it busy water, was there lots of ships out?


Well you are in possession of it for the most part. I said I wanted to have a look at it.


The next is-- I'm going to use a Luck point, because I have one more. And I get 20--


I'm going to use Scanlan's inspiration. Ooh, that's good. 18 plus five, so, 23.


Keep sleeping and shut up!


It does? I thought it was good doggy. Onyx dog?


Wait, blessings!


I need to stay here.


Your passive perception--


It's, yeah, and it has a nice cedar scent when you go through.


That's not what we're hoping for.


I feel really sleepy and also very awake at the same time.


Except me.


Name is spelled wrong, too.


Yeah, and useful! Number two  Storks! The theme is Storks, the movie Storks that's out this week. It includes a handwritten letter from Andy Samberg, trying to beg you to go to see the movie. (laughter)


I also grab Jester by the wrist and drag her along, because she makes everyone smile, so I bring her with. Yeah, hello. I am sorry to bother you, but I think that we are loosely connected through work relations now. This is my friend Nott, this is Jester. My name is Caleb Widogast, and we are working for the Gentleman, much like you are. We are going to be here--


It's true. Vasselheim hasn't been touched, right?


Not by me, anyway. There's always a couple trolls that find their way.


Somewhere between 50 and a million.


On the way out, I grab two glasses of ale, and I hand one to this guy and just walk and don't say shit.


Yeah, I'll Hunter's Mark one of them.


I have some notes on the cover.


You're a good person.


Do you want dessert now? Would you like this fireball creme brulee?


Is that what you said?


That's mean, Matt.


That was pretty-- I mean, from a third party, non-influenced or partial perspective, flipping gravity was pretty cool.


And I get to use the Blazing Bowstring again because I get it twice.


She's alive. She's at Thar Amphala, both eyes this time.


I second that notion. Quintuple it.


Not only did we run into them, but they forced us against our will to attempt to do you harm.


I do have one other fancy robe.


We had some help.


I think he's a little bigger.


I produce a few flower cummerbunds and start pinning them on the party.


Keg!


Website went live, if you want to announce that now or later.


I'm very impressed. Now that I realize that we're in fighting shot, I'm going to back up so I'm to the far left corner.


He's glowing.


(whispering) Grog! Hey!


(tearfully) I just love Percy so much.


I've done this before with talking to the treant.


That's a Percy roll.


Howard.


That does make me feel better.


How did she do that?


Great. I'll use Minor Illusion to put in the middle of the room a bundle of buttons with a tall, shiny flask covered in jewels, right in the middle of the room.


You guys look real defeated, over here. You look palpably defeated.


Vex. Vax, do you want to-- Well, actually, we might as well get Keyleth down here as well.


That's okay, Scanlan.


No, the slaves that were below deck.


Just to make sure the tower's not like (violent chomping).


Just Wil Wheaton roll every time you do initiative.


Unless they could get us a pile of riches.


Keep your head in the game!


Oh, fuck me. I'm like, I can't remember-- I can't remember what I'm trying to do. We got to go!


I'm going to go right in the middle in between them, behind the cart.


Oh, this is brutal!


So he's right next to me, he's right next to all of us. Okay. Well, I will-- he's right next to me?


I put it on the floor and I snap him into existence. There you go, buddy.


What is a diving bell?


I was not in your room. I am not lying to you, I don't-- (yells)


It was in the song.


This thing will allow him to talk. I believe this thing has a...


Scanlan is the Cinemax of this group.


Before anyone entered the room.


We remember what not to do, right, which is--


I can.


Have a little nibble.


And then I say, and a curtsey for Vex.


I'm a monster!


Person Beau. Nice to meet you. What is it? Leopold Sydney?


It's an owl.


Well, I think we need to do some spying.


I'm going to use Cunning Action to hide, and then I'm going to run along the back wall to the pillar by-- across from Vex, at the back of the chamber. And if counting is right, I'm 60 feet away from the beholder.


Actually, instead of that, can we go 100 yards past the tree line and into more of the forest, just to see what's there?


Yeah! That's good!


We come with the blessings of Pelor. And I'm going to start entering, very gingerly.


Every time he casts a spell, does it go (sings Dueling Banjos). (laughter)


Yeah, in the early morning I'm going to go to the crow's nest and have a ten-minute meditation and ask the Wildmother which direction we should be heading to find some safe harbor to heal ourselves and heal our boat.


Is there someone working the stand?


24!


Right, listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things. Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed greataxe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this terrified little thing. His disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale.


Still love me, Scanlan?


Oh really?


Where the fuck are you?


We’re coming.


Anything on the desk, papers of any sort?


Oh, yeah. Well, that would've been helpful last time, actually.


But he said he's been coming and going, so maybe he was just leaving?


Grabbing my sister.


This is the best campaign ever!


We will ride the cart. Do you guys really think we probably shouldn't become legionnaires, then?


I don't-- I don't want to. I just don't want to do it, I am so scared.


Your what?


Not a good idea, Grog.


My brother, puking his guts out.


Closer than Caleb. Yeah, that's good.


No, I'm opening it! Fuck off, grandpa!


We need to protect you.


So I'm going to go and sit in front of a tree. I'm going to think real hard. I'm going to talk to a god and then I'm going to go kill something.


Oh! I'm terrible at math! Stay in school, kids!


I'll try to turn him invisible. I don't think it'll work, though, but--


I never asked.


And I very obviously chug the entire thing.


I don't know! I don't know what they were, but they looked big and able to pull the cart.


Yeah. Is it almost midnight?


Yeah, so we need to stay kind of out of it but see it.


Please make it funny.


I feel like that makes it special.


Well, by owning it, I mean stop trying to necessarily fix it, and let it be a mistake.


You don't get to save against this, does he?


Perfect. We're short on magic people. That's wonderful.


Thank you for the target practice.


Should I say it?


Slytherin. (laughs)


Convince it that the people we sent away need it.


An affected creature's is halved in the area, yes.


Oh, for the love of god.


22 points, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I usually throw daggers, I usually don't get up on people.


No, it's our moment.


That one's full. The one that I tried to go into? It's full and it needs a big cleaning.


High Warden, High Warden.


I like historical fiction. I don't like shallow smut. I like to learn something while I'm being titillated, I suppose.


We won't see his dangling bits.


Should I roll, too?


Yeah. I know. I'm already nervous. Could I take a torch and throw it at him?


Oh, wait, you're taking the broom? (laughter)


Yes, we’ll use some of the platinum. One platinum is equal to ten gold. Sorry, Gilmore. Trying to dicker over rates.


What? It must be piercing.


All right. Yeah.


Well, it's not going to be forever, eventually we'll get sick of it, dear.


Ooh, salt.


Get your skeleton ass away from me!


No we're not.


Got to take a second to switch hands.


Hey! I want a boat, and safe passage out if we're correct.


17. One.


What is this, dex save?


Yeah. Dodged a bullet on that one!


Also, I know it's always been a waste of time, our planning, but we're not even talking about what we're going to try to do. Are we going to try to distract this fucker and take his lodes or--


Scanlan, stop panicking. I can hear you hyperventilating.


It was a metaphor, Grog. It was a metaphor.


No, I don't know a lot of stuff. He doesn't tell me.


We wouldn't have any records on some Xhorhasian artifact that apparently keeps them alive?


Eight, two of my d6s to heal up.


Or wrapped them around her finger, one way or the other. No, they are actually pretty-- they've got their shit together.


They haven't permanently killed any of us.


I'll keep watch.


Probably for a couple months, a few months, we'll see. We're pushing it for a few months.


I will bring it with me to remind me of you.


Other than your pocket dimension.


Oh, western. Oh you mean western. Okay well then, hang on. If it's w-- Nope.


I'm gonna hand her a bunch of stuff, including some of my things, and be back-- I'm gonna try and see if I can just--


Yeah, you know what? Let's rage.


Go check that door before I do.


I don't know what it is, but I'll look into that. I have a room there tonight, you guys.


Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this.


So it's not three and three, it's three and two.


Is this rough terrain, is this swampy or is this normal ground?


Let's go towards the wall.


Tap me on the shoulder if you're listening to me. Okay. Ow. God. We don't see anything, but I have a bad feeling.


Oh, I do. I don't need it though.


It gave us advantage--


My god, it works! It's amazing!


I made the second one.


Yeah, it's an Emon thing.


I mean, I asked you a direct question. But that's all right.


Well, there's a prison underneath the city.


Detect undead?


(French accent) Do they have names?


This is the best year of my life. I'm very happy.


First conscious person to go in here.


Sure. I'll lead them back downstairs to that main room that was all awful and terrible, right?


Back corners, alleys?


(squeals) Oh, this is so cool!


More like a Shadowcat kind of thing?


Laserdisc.


I feel like some people come in just to see you and see you smile.


Did he tell you he loved you, or what?


Is it a wang?


It's deeply immature. I would never do something like that.


You're not there. Four cups of blood. It's probably more like a gel right now. Several pounds of scales, and maybe a few claws. I'd have to look; there's so many.


Amazingly, I've got a bead on that guy who's trying to let the bears out of their chains.


I'm all nice and buttoned up. Belt tied.


Does the door have holes?


Vanessa?


How's the ball doing?


Where are you going? I wish I could turn to Sam, but he's not here.


Let's get on with it, shall we? Jesus, whoever that is.


I just try and see if I can discern what the other two books are just from looking in and being a nerd.


I'm up! I run forward and I slide on my knees and put my hand on her and cast Cure Wounds at 4th level. On Keyleth.


That's really good. 28.


Which is why I would ask everyone to please not antagonize it.


(laughs) Oh, shit! He could've broken his nose just then, I swear. Oh my god.


Being pulled around.


Enjoy the other side, Sprigg.


I know, how does that work if you only have half your--


Grog, it's so crazy how strong you are! They're all dying!


Woo! [break]


Does it feel like there's an eyeball if you shake it? Just shake it and feel. Does it shake around?


I'm not from these parts. It's my accent. Sorry.


You fake-name-making motherfucker!


We went to a really high-end club and Vax and I pretended to be married.


Here we go.


What am I going to do with a fucking Sphere?


That's true. To Vax.


Yeah, we picked those ones out.


Grog, that's-- that's not like free peanuts at the tavern.


I'm a goblin, I spit.


Yeah, no, it's very far. Just a ranged attack. 23 to hit.


What time is it? We haven't even started digging the trench yet? What fucking time is it?


Okay. You have sisters and brothers?


I wrote all that stuff down.


Can they have a pillow fort in the living room?


The individuals that are in the more exotic clothing than we're used to, what can we see of them? What do they look like?


Yeah, that's unfortunate.


I mean, that sounds so great. I'm on board. Let's try this stupid, crazy plan. So, we're going to go to the Arches tomorrow, disguised as the slaves of what's-her-butt?


Half-elves, what what.


You can’t do anything?


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe, where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known, the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


That's what girls wear!


Oh, Trevor's with the wind.


Okay. So I mutter. I pause my chanting and say: I will take a look at that in a moment. Hold on. And finish my 11 minutes of ritual casting.


They looked dead?


Oh, he's very dead.


Zehir?


Let's try that, so we can spy on the city! Get closer in.


No, I'm going to leave it out there.


It's perfectly safe in the bag.


Now I'm at 12 hit points.


Is that an insight check?


It's not charm! It was just wisdom.


Two daggers out of the dark. I'll keep that. That is a 30.


Tary, he's terrible with money. I mean like, he will offer them-- stop it! He will offer them double what they ask for.


I take it with me.


I'm so used to Beast Shape! (all laugh)


Can I take a single gold coin, make a wish, and flick it into the wishing well.


(laughs) In robes?


Yeah. I'm going to stay super crouched.


What's the Run? No, really, what's the Run? That sounds fascinating.


This is the worst night ever!


Yeah, I'm going to pop one of my simple potions.


And none of that red light is lighting any of this?


He is not wrong, and that's not a bad idea.


And my rage damage is 15. Well, that's with the axe.


Are you unconscious?!


Two, and they could not be in attendance.


But it could be a completely different time here!


It looks fine up there.


Can I pass and wait to hear other people's thoughts?


I have a feeling you are a great fort builder.


Pose as a married couple.


Okay. I'll disengage, grab the boy, and try to lead him behind the-- there's an overturned table?


I'm a bear, my armor class is 12 right now.


Goodbye.


Are you drinking it or just pouring it all over you?


Okay! Wand of Fireballs, and I'll do it at fourth level.


Monitoring?


Fucking bugs.


I can't hide.


I understand that, and I am sorry for losing my temper. I was just looking to ask questions of particular artifacts I have been looking for and this house is the only known arcane house I know that I was pointed to. I tried to reach them and communicate, but I was stopped by the stupid rune I can't figure out! I was turning back to get my tavern to get some rest and come back and try to contact the family the next day! Then I was stopped by you!


The King's Hall. Where the Herald of the Hall is. Where we can get that retraction.


If you hear me make noise--


For Philip! No, it's Grog now. I'm not there; I'm arrested.


Tickle!


(Marlon Brando voice) I could've been somebody, Arkhan. Instead of a zombie. Because I am.


I'm not yelling at you, man. I'm envious.


There's a lot of rules in this game. Staying on theme for the night.


Oh, yeah. Can I call him? Can I, (whispering) "Scanlan. Scanlan!"


As I stab into both sides of his neck, I say, If you want to get to my sister you gotta get through me. Stab-stab. First one is ten, second one is eight.


Do those stairs go to the west tower, by the way?


Oh, yes I am.


No, these are stone-gray. This is blue crystal.


Currently washing his hump.


(singing) Because he was in the water before!


Becoming a man? Okay.


That saccharine? Yeah, you need some salt to balance that shit out.


(high-pitched) He's not going to get hit because he's touching her at the time that she gets hit?


-- sort of entwined an ancient city of marble and jade--


You were right. It is awful.


Elvish, Common, Undercommon, Abyssal and Draconic.


-- and Percival Frederickstein Von Musel--


Well, it could be. I have an idea, you guys. Let's ask the ducks!


I know where you're going with this, you should finish the thought.


And then I healed seven.


Think of how handy that would've been against the Briarwoods.


We should have a Heroes' Feast before tomorrow. I have no idea what a kraken does, or--


Very true.


I am so happy!


D&D will never be fun again; everything's ruined.


Okay, no, I'll stealth a little bit.


I think something's happening.


Yeah, can he do more than one Identify at a time?


And I'll never do it again? (laughter)


No, we're all much younger.


He's wider than the stairs.


I haven't burned any grit yet, I'm so excited.


Well, I know why we said we were coming here.


Don't insult him.


What is this, wisdom? 23.


Super fly.


I can't, but there's reason to believe so. It's what it points to.


To disguise his appearance.


I think Caleb has a little booby trap for that, don't you?


Now I'm right in front of these guards?


That was a bottle rocket.


Sorry, I'm so small. You probably just didn't see me. (laughter)


So we're definitely not going to wish on this skull then, yeah?


That's just cruel.


Or anywhere?


Save it. What's that? Superior is a 4d4?


20. No more blessed.


I know. Get that itch. Got to scratch it.


(giggles) And I run away. (laughter)


That is correct, ja.


Yay Nugget!


We think that's where they're headed.


It's the voice of reason, coming from downstairs. (laughter)


Paladin or some shit like that.


But maybe this guy can do it. We've also found the Third Eye of Awareness. A single polished stone of smooth jade is affixed to a grey leather band that loops in the back. The wearer gains advantage on initiative. (gasps)


Looks like it. Tiberius, are you still on our side? Are you with me, still? Will you cast Fly on Trinket? I love you.


Talk Westruun to me.


Oh, hi, thanks for checking on me. Could you move for a second? I'm going to kill this thing. (laughter)


We have-- we need-- now there's really no other way to go, we have to go through the forest?


Remember, we're going to be going the same direction.


I won't-- (quietly) I would have, but I just--


Halved. Six.


And make things better.


Get the fuck out! That would kill us instantly if it hits us! At least, it would almost kill me instantly.


What if I channel all the rage from my life, and I draw on the undead? Okay, cool. I'm going to turn around and run the other way.


Does that have a range? No, it just lasts.


Ms. Beau, could you nudge him off to the side? I'm getting tired of this.


(singing) Hats and teddies. Hats, hats, and teddies. (laughter)


Bonus attack? Not bonus, but do I have a bonus? Can I do Healing Hands on Nott?


Yeah, friendsies.


Bad News. I'm doing the same thing I was doing before, so that's eight plus seven. 15 to hit?


And how about a handaxe, anyone?


I'm stunned?!


I'm going to let the flora and fauna in here know that we're looking for some stuff. One of our people used to live here. We'll be gone, and everything's going to be fine.


Okay. I choose Sleep. (singing) Rock-a-bye, old lady.


Please. He's laughing like it is. Wouldn't that be the third time this has happened?


iOwl.


He's like, "What does favored terrain get me?"


And who's to say more guards won't come down. How will we explain ourselves to them? And what if those things come back?


Do you know where Taryon went? Can you draw it? Shit, I thought he listened to me.


So several funny ones.


Before they leave, can I be like, don't forget, they're looking for us. To Molly.


We'll send some your way that are fresh, I swear they're very good.


I could use 20 points.


I say we get to the edge, out of this forest, and then maybe call it a night.


So 19 points total?


I like her. I like her a lot.


I know. I was there, I said goodbye to her.


What's the possibility that Ripley can make herself invisible?


Welcome to the Nein.


(laughing) And a cube.


Fucking Beau and her ball bearings.


Does that make poison arrows?


15!


They were coming from somewhere. Who knows, there could be 20 of them on the other side of this.


7d10. Okay. 7d10.


I don't get that reference, but I think you feel me.


Oh. Okay. 11.


We don't know how to destroy Vecna.


Oh my god, that's so good.


All right. I turn into a triceratops. (laughter)


So it's not from a creature, but it is natural?


I have the Feral Leaping boots.


Well that's a skill worth developing. That's a skill very much worth developing.


What do we see? What do we see where we are?


But you have stuff in your ears.


Looks fine. Okay, I've got my Grasping Vine still up. I'm going to wrap it around the guy that's close to Scanlan and just yank him off of Scanlan.


No. Anyone can use it.


I am. And you are Keyleth, is that right?


That's really sad, they ate it.


What about that was legit?!


What is that thing in the middle of the field?


I'm going to go poke at it just to see if there's anything in there that looks funny.


It's basically an upside-down pot that you stick your head in and you take a big breath of air, but the problem is moving with it is bad.


Trinket's going to run up next to Grog.


Still hasted. Can I stand up?


I love this plan.


Oh! That's a nice compliment.


Oh, look, look! Another round of chickens has just arrived for us to eat.


Yup. Yup. I was like, we might as well make it cool, because we're dead.


That's enough for all of us.


Should we just get that started, and we'll go?


18 plus... that's 26.


How many hadoukens? As in Sunbeams? I'm done on Sunbeams.


What about that gun?


We can tell from their posture that they're not on leave; they're actually there more on duty?


I like that. Plus, they're guards, it's their duty to fight, which they did and we defended ourselves.


He lives at the castle? Oh.


Why is our life so much like Vaudeville?


I start doing that thing where I was taking steps, but not walking with them. And then I started walking backwards. (laughter)


Be gentle with that. Apples don't grow on trees.


He doesn't have a mind.


The bats say, "What are you clicking at us?"


We also are almost full in our Bag of Holding, might I remind you, and 64 pounds would free up quite some--


How many gloomstalker riders are in the sky above?


Murgholt?


If she has the materials to make acid, I'll buy it from her.


It's not enough, is it?


He's not allowed to talk?


Oh no. (laughter)


We can get there, but something tells me we're still going to be fighting a big fight in a palace. I'd rather fight that big fight in the Briarwoods'.


Oh, hi Tary. I didn't see you.


Listen, what are you feeling right now?


Yes! It worked!


Kiri? I think she'd be noticeable downstairs taking people's money.


(whispering) Oh, thank god.


What are we checking?


She made me question what we just did. I thought it was one thing and then her face made me think it's a whole other thing.


I can't try anything today.


Yeah, you got loose.


I save it all.


He makes a point. I think that the sooner we find the cause of this, the sooner we can get out of here.


I put the dodecahedron back in the bag.


Yeah. How much do you want? You don't have it. I have it.


Little one. I just go over and I fireman-style over my shoulder. Since you can't walk.


Beau, I'm going to give you Blessing of the Trickster right in front of you.


Bastard.


Look how cool!


It has a prehensile penis. Sorry.


Yes, I'll Greater Restoration on Grog.


We don't want money, of course not. I mean, I--


I want to leave. Fast.


Can I use-- it said I could use a magic item.


And this one looks like a poo in a bathtub.


Are there any chimneys? Soft spots in the floor? Skylights?


Traps.


I can make an antimagic missile.


(giggles) We made it!


I did, yeah. The d10 plus 2d10 slashing damage to undead right?


I look like I have an unarmed strike too, but I don't think I do.


He's protecting Scanlan. (Matt imitates bear growling) Yeah, big old bear protecting your gnome.


Yes I just noticed it, yeah.


I've seen most of the art for issue one and it is fucking legit!


"Also a big fan of D&D Beyond, but had one question: Was that you I saw in Studio City, running around covered only in mayonnaise? If so, what the hell, dude?" I don't know what that is. "Dear Sam, I own a convenience store, we have your show on our TV all the time, love you as Nott, but please be aware I've filed an injunction to keep you a hundred feet away from the store. We have you on-camera stealing jars of mayonnaise and smearing them all over your body. PS: D&D Beyond rocks." Okay. "Dear Sam, to answer your question: No, we do not consider 16 jars of Hellman's mayonnaise slathered over your naked body appropriate attire for our furry convention. No, it does not matter if you use Cool-Whip instead, your credentials have been revoked, please stop asking." There's nothing even about D&D Beyond in that one. But hey! D&D Beyond!


Yeah, but. 20 on the first one, and 15 plus seven on the second one. 22.


Ding ding ding ding!


I just don't want us to all go down there and scare away whatever it is-- oh, no I'm still in Halfling!


How deep are these waters? I'm trying to figure out how much of this is-- obviously, a lot of this is bullshit.


I'll take a torch.


We don't have to hold our turns, we'll just get back to you.


(whispering) Catch me!


Oh, good. I actually need to talk to you about that.


They know we're here now. They know we're here.


Do I have advantage because I'm an eagle?


Is it limitless? Does it make money all day long?


How much do you think the circus has?


Show the people at home.


Matt, that's a lot of maps you have down there.


That's right, boy!


It was very painful. I was riding my bike. It sucked.


Frumpkin, come on.


I'm just nudging you.


Well, I tried. I was going to give him a lot of dragon scales, and he wandered away!


That took all the money from him?


That is awesome!


Let's not get--


They appear to be some sort of fish-like creature. They've got spears and ropes.


Good day, hi, hi. That's it. (all laugh)


My begging has to count, as well! (laughter)


Dwarven.


I'm going to try to attack the one that Beau is attacking


Be aware that as a divine being, I can sense any lie. (laughter)


He saves.


No, I don't have that.


How much do we have?


A mile out of town.


I promise I will not eat your weasel today.


I'm behind his left nipple. It's pretty good already. It's pretty good.


Caleb is still going through the ritual.


Johnny Kraghammer.


I think we'll probably going to get a room somewhere here. Is this place an inn or a tavern? I did not even look coming in.


Damn it. Sure.


Yes, but, Kiki, listen to me.


(sings) Hey baby, hey baby, hey! On to the bridge and fall down. (all laugh)


Maybe. I don't know. I'll think about it.


My song was that good.


Cool. You want me to hold onto it for you, or are you cool?


Oh, and I did Hunter's Mark.


I don't want to hurt him.


You've thrown some of us like baseballs. I don't know what that is.


Please be a good strength check.


I do the  When you're ready, just (clicks tongue). Just where we are.


Oh fucking Jesus, our stealth is going to be balls here. What does the floor look like? Sand, silt, coins?


Okay, we bring him up.


I'm going to use the ring of counting. This is actually proving to be invaluable.


Let's get the fuck out of here, right?


That was terrible initiative. I am embarrassed by my initiative.


It won't be if Asum has anything to say about it.


Can I go stand over his shoulder and stare at what he's doing?


I love him.


He wasn't in the Leaky Tap!


It's a common tactic. It's a good way to make your way through this world. Normally it works. We assumed, the circus, anyway, that we were being framed. We were protecting our own. Is the head in here?


I'm going to go towards the door as much as I can.


5.


Yup. He was-- yup.


I like his flaws  poops his pants.


Here comes the illithid.


That's my daughter you're talking about, by the way.


No, why would you ever get a bad feeling about that?


Oh, the tail's there!


These boats look like they'll fit three to four each?


We're back.


Well, it seems worthy of trying to get close to him, because his attacks-- Would he as a dragon have a very good length attack?


Sure. To make it across?


Speaking of cloaks, mine smells really bad.


He seems like a nice guy.


That's weird. I'm not getting into it.


Yeah, just regular.


Good. This is really good. I will give you 17 gold for all this.


I get two hit points back.


Do I have to go, too?


And the Spiritual Weapon, right? And the Spiritual Weapon?


Thank you, so much.


No, I'll hit it with the enchanted one.


Anything weird about the blood? Is it green blood, purple blood, blue blood?


That was a little fast, I think.


Should we use our misting while we have it and mist into the city?


If you're at the con this weekend, please stop by our booth, number 2931, The Invulnerable Vagrant. Give it up for all of our crew who did a great job putting that together. It's so rad. [cheering]


Or maybe things just got strange.


I click my Boots of Haste!


What flag do we have?


Christ.


Your bird's spying on pirates.


Going towards the exits.


Then it would be my pleasure.


He shook our hand.


I think Scanlan fucking distract and we all charge in like motherfuckers!


I meant like the goliath, the Herd guards.


You got a participant trophy.


Why do you all keep rolling so poorly against me?


Thank you both, don't fight.


I'm gnawing at his leg.


Oh right, you don't know how to sail the ship.


This shot's fire, fire bonus damage. And I'm also gonna spend another grit point to maybe do a little more damage. 28 to hit.


Oh no, we're going to start a fight, that's going to start a fight.


Was it the Clasp here, was it the Clasp in Westruun?


She did something. It was black before, then she turned it white, and I don't know if that allowed magic. But when she turned it black again, all magic stops, so.


My god.


Wait, you're not going to be here next week?


I drop, and I stand up, Keyleth, in the middle of a giant crater.


I don't want to reroll any. Okay. Now you show what you got and we'll see who wins.


It's a squirrel.


Splitsing. Van Damme-ing it.


Then I'm going to duck around again so they can't see me. Just anywhere.


Well, I'm 27, but I don't know how old she is.


Ah, that's right. You're staying with us.


Clutch.


Send your emails.


Brutal.


We can try both.


Not gold pieces. What do you have?


It went downstairs?


Conflicted, I guess.


How close am I to him at this point?


That was-- nope. Not good.


Oh Fjord, it is over. Bromance is over!


Exciting.


Delightful. I'm going to smack him.


(whispering) Fungal armor!


Good job. We've got to go. We've got to hole up somewhere for a minute. You know. A drink?


We have found the cabin of Macaulay Culkin!


It's a locked book of unspeakable evil.


Just her but with, like, a jockey on a horse. (straining)


I think I will.


He has a lip collection.


Cad!


That's why we're all burnt out on spells.


I knew it. I fucking knew it.


I will hold my turn.


You speak Giant?!


Enhancement?


Don't I make a stealth check?


Why are you yelling?


I feel really inspired.


It's a scroll of Chain Lightning. I can't cast it at my level so it's gonna be just a 50-50 shot whether it even works.


It's okay. Someone had to do it.


No, you're right, I don't.


And I want to use Primeval Awareness.


Guys, I don't feel so great.


It isn't that, is it?


Hi, where are The Arches?


How could you do this to us?


Permanently.


So instead, Dancing Light. I'm going to do the same line of light that I always do because Beauregard needs to be able to kill things and see. One goes far as here, and here, and here probably.


How long have we been outside now?


I have a feeling maybe her business has something to do with the Iron Shepherds as well.


Maybe he never told us her name.


A gigantic 11.


Does it look like if we push a little bit further, there's any change in terrain?


As I'm walking away from the house, I start singing loudly, drunkenly (singing) I saw the moon in old, in the darkness.


Thank you. I was going to give it for us, but next time.


I'm not here. I'm next to Starosta.


Wet.


I love you, too. Your headset looks really pretty!


Chewsy chews.


That is cool!


For the people that donated after we started reading the donations, I know Matt's trying to get outta here pretty quick, so thank you, FoxyForsythe, Zopher, Metheram and Hunter, I'll make sure these guys get the messages that you guys sent, but we're going to go ahead and let these guys start packing up. I know that they have lives!


So wait, this betting thing is enjoyable?


Every few minutes, I go  Vex? I'm constantly, Vex? Vex? Vax? Vex? Still looking under this pit of people. 12.


It's a 12.


They're over-investing in genie-based power systems.


Just go in there.


It walks away.


Are they trying to fucking escape?


Rad.


So one's 20 feet away now?


We're not very fast in mist form, are we?


Sacred Flame.


Me and Tiberius made a fire.


Why, what can it do?


Now that Vax and Keyleth are gone, do you guys hear the faint flapping of wings and moaning?


I doggie-paddle back.


It's a special "I" on there. I can't tell.


How many of them are true believers? Give or take?


I see what's going on. You're flying? I cast Fly on myself. I follow suit behind her, and as I'm passing by the person she shat on, I cast Prestidigitation on her. Sorry about that!


Actually, my thought was if we take care of Stonefell, why don't we hide in his house?


Just any maiden?


Stop trying to protect the skull.


What kind of roll is this? Saving throw. I've rolled a 17.


Maybe I don't need it?


I'm not really so keen on making doors, as opposed to knocking them down. I'm a craftsman. All right. I'm just, me.


Perhaps we empty the cart, walk on foot and say we're looking to go out and bring goods and wares back into the Empire.


Yeah, there's some reptile-- large reptile eggs in the--


I'm so sorry.


Could I request one thing? Could I have a hug?


19. But I burned a Resolve.


Yes, it's fucking terrible!


I think so. And I'm already-- I don't know what's going to happen to me when I die.


This is so much fun. This is the most fun I've had all week now until I die of stress behind the camera.


I don't know if you're joking or not, but I'm going to do it.


What's that, just a strength check as an elemental, I guess?


So that's, ugh, three, four, five. Ten points of lightning damage.


Yep, better. Can you tell if it's evil?


Well, we don't have to. I don't want to go yet. We traveled several days here. While we're in this side of the country, I should probably go, you know. Do the things I was set out to do.


Heal and run, heal and run, heal and run.


Fuck your character names.


I'll swim forward. Just to where it starts to curve up.


No, because you set the precedent of asking a serious question and then you gave me the shot--


What the fuck are we going to do? If she searches our shit, she's going to know that we stole.


The day that bear dies, it's gonna get ugly.


Wildmount, fine.


With respect, there are those among us that can tell where he is moving.


Oh no, it's a whole rainbow!


What about the cat?


Oh. Then I'm going to sneak attack him.


But I have perfect memory.


What was this about a job? Wait, little townsgirl, her parents are wine makers, now you're a brutal assassin martial artist who can kill anything. What happened in between those two things?


Oh, right. (click) Put it back in the bag of holding. This is great! Oh my god, I would do this every day.


Yeah. But that's my question. My level-4 spells, I cast three of them last game, so do I get those back for this one? They're gone, right? I can't cast. So that's what I thought. I can't cast Locate Creature. I wish I could help.


Good answer. I'll go in first.


Yeah, because that's my action.


Where'd he find the wood? I thought there were no trees around.


Tary, there wo-- what is that in reference to?


And the room itself?


He's fucking pissed off. He wants to hurt me, and now her, as badly as possible. All of you matter to us. I think the rakshasa comes before the dragons. Maybe not before the Vestiges, but on the list.


Oh, sure.


Motherfuckers, they took my money.


This is just an off-handed attack, right? 16.


I would have been close behind because--


Some lox and bagels!


(laughs) No problem.


I think more than a few.


Okay, I'm going to try and once again get up in those plates.


I have a d6 now. Five damage.


Can I look through your spyglass please?


I've always thought that about you, Taliesin.


You can't fight him yet!


Wait, no! Caleb is invisible. I mean, I don't want to lose you, but--


Slightly ahead of the house, so I can see if people are going to be approaching the house, I put my jacket down and set up a little busking. A mild busk.


(off screen) No.


You're worried about them having a heart attack or something?


That was an intense roll right now.


I heard it was bad luck. That's what I was told.


Did you know that? Okay, cool. Each week, the show will cover not only D&D, but also the guest's other passions outside of D&D, like D&D.


(laughing) I can't believe I did that. Rolled a one on it.


I don't know what a wheelhouse is, but I feel pretty positive about the metaphor in general.


They don't see me, right?


Detect Magic lasts for ten minutes!


I just got here a bit ago. I've been--


We should spread them out. Everyone should not have--


3d8. Up to 24.


I release, I release.


I have not been to the place we are going. I do not know of any tree.


Let's get it done.


Sam Riegel.


Why is there silly string coming out of the balcony?


I have a dagger. Here, use mine.


Okay, I control the water and fling it into the ocean.


Many people.


Quite some time. How have your evenings been?


Yeah. I don't really know how that works.


How long does that take?


Immune to fear and poison and advantage on wisdom checks.


So I have a bonus?


I'm fucking bored. (laughter)


Which way, east, north, south?


I was led to believe it was. And I'm a stranger in this land, and they were trailing us, and your cohort over there, the big guy himself, told me that they were a danger to us, and Doty did his job. Listen, you can't blame Doty for the mistakes that I may have made. I take full responsibility for this, and I throw myself at your feet for mercy. I know I'm new to this team, and I hoped that this gift would be a peacemaking gesture. By the way, you should divide all these potions up as you see fit.


Prucine! Dayana Prucine!


I feel like that's smarter.


Do you know how bad it is to have your hands tied behind your back for several days?


Oh, good. It misses.


Oh, is that where we're going?


Have a little half sister.


Nice haul, Samson.


And have started a new path. The path you are walking is not the one you were expecting. It's not the one you're going to find. It's true! You are walking towards some destiny.


In the dragon!


Oh! War God's Blessing.


(whispers) Good day.


Your dad is not what I expected!


We start killing gods.


By one point.


I'm going to loot the body.


Yeah, actually, we both look like soldiers. We block this corridor, looking like soldiers.


It's a fancy leather hat. It's mine. Dibs!


So we don't just look like cows.


Girl bird! Kiri! Oh no. How many sisters do you have?


A 1d10. That's a one, plus five, that's five points of bludgeoning damage.


Ashley! When did you get here!


Fucking bitch. I said bitch! I was trying to be nice to you fairies!


Any ideas?


How about you, Cay? Cay-Cay?


Well, that's convenient.


No, but it would have if I had succeeded in these-- gosh I really need to get tighter sleeves, though.


Sorry I pushed you out a window. (laughter)


I'm trying to look straight at her, but I'm really looking that direction and over there.


12 points of damage.


Nott, your mustache is much nicer.


I begin to fart to slow the fall.


That one says--


No, I want to go for a walk on the edge of town for something.


Well, they attacked us.


I'm in The Explorers, motherfucker. I'm in The Explorers.


I feel-- I feel a connection, I do. You know when you were telling me about Aldor--


Folks, we don't know what we're doing. None of us know what we're doing.


What you did was awful, truly terrible, despicable and unforgivable-- until you can forgive it. At some point, you'll have to do that. I swear to you that I will be at your side until you do.


Marquet. It's on the continent of Marquet.


Is someone inside of it?


You go! Yes.


You have a blessing.


So he can fucking swim.


That's close to a death sentence. How about we give him some crownsguard armor?


But are we going to hire muscle, or magic, or what are we trying to get? What helps us?


You should do it, but you should do it when he comes back. That's the thing.


We're selling our soul!


Big room.


We should get back to the cart and at least try to make our way into some drier--


I'm here for you, too.


Son of a bitch, taint, fuck!


Oh, that's better.


(laughs) The director told me something about you and I just assume we're probably having sex in the game.


It's got one hit point.


-- all his clothes, everything.


But he's going to heal up by the time we get there.


Eat your vegetables, you'll look like this.


Protect me from what?


It says, "From ashes I shall rise again."


Well, the weasel is tucked in, so really no one will notice it. But yes, I'm walking in with a dog.


I wipe it away!


Hey Tary! Open up!


No, we're god-spitballing here.


I'll back off.


Scan-man, let's start by playing nice, please.


Oh, but I held my action until I had sight.


Shades, shades, shades.


Help. Help. Help. (laughter)


To kick over their rocks.


Do I have any sense of--


Let's try a new die. Oh, that's not bad. That's a 17. It'll do.


I'm going to Fire Storm them.


Oh, no. (Travis laughs)


fmiller8, yeah, man!


Right. But he's behind her a bit, right?


Yeah. Looks like someone that's waiting for a handoff if I've seen them.


You look amazing. It's a really good color on you.


Which direction is it? Towards Draconia?


Does this now make another concave piece?


No, because I can catch everybody.


No. I was gonna ask you what your mother's name is.


It says no action.


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer’s Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it’s rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don’t pay attention to things sometimes. I’ve also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can’t help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I’m quite friendly for a Dragonborn.


It was a really loud stage whisper. (laughter)


Miss. No, hit. Armor class is 13.


We're new to town.


I had learned of someone new coming into town and stealing some magical artifacts and leaving some dead bodies, and it wasn't my organization, and it wasn't any of the other two leading crime organizations, I found out through my whispers. So it was someone new, and I wanted to find out who it was, so I sent Lionel, my best man, and his buddies to investigate.


Really? Plus the other damage?


Do it first?


Just wooden floor, yeah.


You can't do that!


But we will, once you tell him that we're here.


Vex. If he has the skull, we've got to get it from him now.


Okay. Like a saving throw or just a check?


No. Not as fun.


I'm going to put an object in the middle of the room with our door open, and we're going to hide out of sight. You game?


Yeah, it is racial.


The difference.


Is this a contract that keeps on going or is there any set end date for you guys?


Again!


I've never been on one of these before.


You're a world-class enchanter.


Little feet.


Or like a patch?


You, shush, now, give me a moment. (mechanical noises) Ten minutes later, after I transform into an Autobot, I cast Identify through the ritual spellcasting feat. (gasping)


I think we ask around to see if there's a way to ask around to find out who's in what house.


Especially Molly and I.


Asked-- Tiberius said something about the Palestone, and what it is, and this is, somebody asked a different question, this is kinda gonna answer both. I, and everybody else, wrote backstories for Matthew to essentially give him so he could construct our universe. Tiberius' particular quest is looking for particular artifacts. Essentially I made him like Mulder. Nobody believes in the city that these things exist, except him, so the truth is out there kinda thing. So I made up these five different artifacts that do different things. And I don't know what they do until I might maybe find them, and if I do, it's up to him, to Matt, to determine what they are, if they are anything. They might be nothing, I don't know. I've found one item so far, and it's awesome, and all of us have given him bits and pieces, and that's how he constructs our story with things that you throw in yourself.


Ah! Fuck! (laughter)


You have a compass?


So not a door, but just a passageway?


At the necromancer?


Beautiful. Okay, that's eight damage, and I want to try Stunning Strike.


Is there any way to cross the room without touching the web?


Well, I feel like that kind of went about as well as it could have.


Got to go find us a beast and bring it here.


This is that crazy new sword.


Oh, no-- yes. Take it easy.


Is it Phil?


This makes me uncomfortable.


Divining.


With the plus.


(whispering) He hates us.


No. No, that's not what I meant. I meant, I like who I am now that I know my daughter, and I know that no matter what, I have someone out there who's rooting for me. And no matter what happens, I've got that. And I... Yeah. That's it. I don't like what I've been doing the last year in terms of, you know. I've been breaking the law a bit, which I know you don't love.


Fear?


He said something about having babies or something with it. I can't remember.


Sorry, I didn't realize Hold Person was a concentration.


Tried and true!


We've been made! Turn over the place.


Pick on someone your own size! And I whack him on the derriere with my staff.


Okay, so the highest roll was a 20, and then the second highest was a 12, so probably of the three rays, probably only one--


It's within 30 feet of her, so yeah, I think she should be good? But I think you have to cast it on the people within 30 feet of you.


Will you be able to cast it again?


Oh, that was Trinket. Trinket helped with the spell. Gave you a kiss and helped wake you up.


And the tree was happy. But not really.


I come out of the mansion. I want to fly out of the mansion on my broom.


Can you Alter Self again, on us?


Died happy.


39 fire damage.


Wound closure? You cut yourself all the time, that would be very useful.


I know. You'll be even sorrier in the morning. It's all right.


Like hopping Earth orbit.


Watch out! LAURA It's that book.


It's very intense.


(gasps) Grog's unconscious.


Is that the dead man?


I was just eating an apple. Why am I dying?


(whispers) Hey, should we wake up the rest of the people with this?


Wodenna.


I see a good one. I have an answer, I'll start.


What an analogy. The sausage without the casing.


What's the matter? Can you not see anything down there? I pop Trinket out and put Vax on top of him. Don't you feel so tall now?


Did you get that in Yug'Voril?


Oh, I see. Yes. (singing) He's waiting for an open tanning bed. Because we get so many-- there's so many thousands of tweets every Thursday night that go out about this amazing and weird and horrible show, we are asking that if you guys want to tweet a question for us to ask the cast live on the air, we're asking that you tweet @TalksMachina, which is the official Twitter handle for our show. And use the hashtag #AskTalksMachina because that way we can track 'em, make sure we get as many of your questions as we can on the show. Send your fanart and gifs to talksmachina@gmail.com anytime between Thursday nights during the show and Tuesdays at 9:00am Pacific Time. We're trying to feature fanart and gifs from each week's episodes since we're going to be talking about those episodes on the show on Tuesdays. So send those in. That's it. We're going to see you guys this Tuesday at 7:00pm on Twitch and Pro-ject Alpha dot com. Until then, it's high noon! (laughter)


Keeper-in-training, is Keeper Yennen here?


Just hit Beau! She's right there.


Were you just thinking about that? Don't think I wasn't.


Yes, that was a weird day.


I don't know. Just stay safe.


So a few guards.


So wait, so wait, are you going to be their god, and I'm still going to also be a crazy monster, as like your pet crazy monster, with our stealthy team, or just--


(booming) And I walk away!


I'm gonna join in on a terrible history check. That is a 19. It's not terrible, I just had a very high history.


What did you say it was, wisdom? 20?


That's also true.


Let's follow him, let's follow him.


I feel like this was used to move or deliver people or things. This was a center for transportation.


How about you don't unlock those ones.


With a roof?


When it enters the wall for the first time on a turn or ends its turn there.


As long as we're all touching, it doesn't matter where Keyleth is, but Turn Undead would help, maybe?


We're seeing the remains of buildings scattered throughout, maybe we could go from--


I don't know how this fucking shit works. I'm going to try to bamf Trinket out of the necklace.


Everyone out.


I can put 50 gold in.


Ah, I'm so fast, but I'm really weak. Can I have another one?


Okay, so six is our top roll so far.


You know, I felt really guilty about it for a while, like something was wrong with me? I don't understand why I didn't feel it, why I didn't understand. I don't think it was until Sarenrae and even Ioun just now mentioned that we serve that balance and that non-believers are necessary. It made me feel like a little bit less of a fuck-up, I guess, in this whole situation.


Can we be quiet for a second and see if there's any footsteps around us or guards marching around? Are we in immediate peril or do we have a second?


I'm going to hold my action as soon as one of them is close enough to hit.


Yasha's going to pop up!


Ow.


(whispers) Wait! No! Make it look like it's really far--


(sings) Five gold rings!


You can eat anything if you are determined enough.


Is there any blood in the wicker basket?


Well, my fellow boatswain and navigators to be? Nope? Boatswain and carpenter? Yeah.


Y'all are dating? (laughter)


No no no, just to rough up the guy that we send back in to tell them about the orcs.


I'm going to pop a healing potion.


Keep chewing.


Oh wait, but that hit before, right? Okay, seven damage.


I can absolutely do that. I'm going to run towards the tapestry booth.


Thank you. It makes me happy to see you happy.


It's a cleric-- oh god! d4 just went flying!


Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, yes!


Just a little hip action, I've been working on it.


That's the one you just hit?


Are they below the water level here?


Are we going to Scry it or are we just going to go? How long would it take if we just flew up? 20 minutes?


I told you. The house is evil. The portal has to be crushed.


Yeah, you don't need to.


What? It worked, though!


Ooh, that's awesome.


My lady. I call everyone my man.


Ashley figured it out before us.


No. Stop! Hey, hey, hey-- I put it on. Actually, I'm going to take it, and I'm going to actually put it in your hand and be like-- put it on your thumb and be like: I want you to smear this where the beard was, and I want you to think really hard that you want it there. Okay? So put it on first. There you go. That's it. And now think really hard that you want it there.


Can I try to--


No, we just need to not be attacked by anything anymore, we need to just stop pursuing our pursuits, and pick an island and stay there.


Me? Okay. I am going to send Trinket out and attack it with Bestial Fury.


Certain Logic to it. That actually makes a lot of sense.


Percival de Rolo knows where we're going to go.


It's making up for my gun failing four times.


Will it go anywhere, though? This is the end of it. It's stuck in the chamber?


Oh my god, that would have been amazing.


"Yeah, the last time I wanted you to do it on your own, but I think we're pressed for time."


I'm using Fire B-- yes fucking Dragonballing that shit. Does the hydra have nads?


With ten, it's 23 again.


And then anything within ten feet has to make a dex save.


The brain fucker.


Yeah. I've heard a lot of tales of men drowning, being brought back. They say that same thing. But no one was with me on that shore, I was alone.


It's a big tower. There's lots of shit up there.


I'll take second watch.


Making up for last week!


She's down.


We saw Thordak there, actually.


Yeah. Let's try that.


Nope! No, he saves.


I vault over Keyleth's body, using the right part of a buttcheek to launch off. Grab a little feel as I go.


That's one natural 20, one natural 19. Do I crit on a 19 with the sword?


That's not too bad.


Trip ones.


Hey, that's good.


You're the motor.


-- but that--


You're a grown-ass woman, and you're twice as strong as I am.


Yeah, I know. They should be fine, but I mean for you guys, what do you want?


How was it?


I hope that's true.


You look smaller than you are.


Plus ten to stealth?


Yes. Balls! Seven.


Can I speak Draconic to him, see if he understands any of that?


If I have dark vision goggles--


If you're lying to me, I'll slit your throat.


Yasha can swim, though.


Oh my gosh, do we need potions.


All right, well friends, we're about to descend into hell itself, so I reckon we should probably pay the price.


Or maybe he just wanted to move fast without extra weight.


Itty-bitty little hole.


Oh yeah, okay.


Here we'll use the word KommissarProps in the chat room.


Dispater, yeah.


Hmm. Yeah, all right.


Jesus. (English accent) I don't know what you want from me!


Can we say a magic word?


Maps!


That's what you think. My pickpocket fingers are faster than you could ever imagine.


Oh. Well, then I'm down.


Because I want to be honest and I don't remember if I said I dipped arrows in the second holy oil flask or if I put them on Trinket's claws. Do we remember?


Half more a plan than we normally have.


Natural 20! I rolled an eight on my die! (sings) Max all the way around. That's 16 plus four! I'm not going to touch you right now. I'm sick. There we go. I'll hit the elbow. 20!


Sorry, sorry!


Did you have so much fun, Grog?


Yes, some sort of a thing that would explode when someone comes by. But I know it's crawling with characters down there, so I don't-- should we wait? I don't know.


It's a wisdom saving throw!


I'm going to reach onto my robe and pull out a patch that produces four healing potions.


That's true. Okay, I'm good.


Tiger on tiger!


Cool. Thanks.


No, I just--


(laughs) I have so many secrets to keep, dear. So many.


We're up here.


We've heard of that before.


You're better off than six, right?


DM, a question from Liam. Can cantrips be added if they're found?


I'm telling the, what, seven remaining refugees?


I cast a Grasping Vine to grab Grog.


This ship?


I guess we'll head down to the ziggurat.


We're taking our secret tunnel into the city.


Can I revisit the days of the Crucible and can I try and suplex this motherfucker onto his side?


Yeah, maybe we should get back.


And their logo is neat.


Tell me something cool!


Do you want me to create a diversion of some sort? No?


Ugh, look at it scoot! God!


Yes, that's my turn.


I've told no lies in this room.


Oh, I'm going upstairs, I'm going to pass out on the floor.


Where it won't hurt anybody else around.


Have you been?


It turns into a dinosaur! The box turns into a dinosaur.


Oh, that’s right. He’s a rakshasa. He’s an asshole.


Yes, and the second. 16.


I don't think they know where we are. I think they know when we travel, I just don't think they know where we are.


Oh, it was so terrible, yeah.


And this is assassinate, critical hit.


Don't worry, he's going to die in that surround anyway.


Good. Great.


No! Yasha, you destroyed it! That's exactly what I wanted to do! I didn't think it'd be possible!


We stole things, but they gave something back just like you always teach, you know?


Hey, he's my best friend and I love all of him.


Yeah, and why shouldn't he, he earned it.


Okay, but that's still--


And we're headed there.


They're working on it.


No one sees anything.


Caleb starts looking at the do--


Yes I can, but what does that have to do with the cart?


We also got up to $6,000 total so far, raised.


Too good.


I give her the stink-eye as we walk away.


Are there any authorities walking the street? Any crownsguard or kingsguard or--?


Yes, nasal.


Okay, fair enough.


Scanlan, how's your athletics?


You could take the busted-up horse. It just can't carry me anymore.


Okay, if I did something that did five feet-- ten feet... I've got to look at this. Yeah, ten feet. If I hit Lady Briarwood, would that hit my brother, or would that just hit Bastard Briarwood?


I see it, I cast Counterspell! (fwoosh)


80 feet.


The one with the staff at the top.


What do me and Molly see?


I'm going to keep back in the treeline.


Every week.


Plus Kima's.


Beau turns to Nott. Hey girl.


You've got me too. I'm still spelled up to all hell.


Humanoid-ish?


I just kill the whole thing.


As he starts walking, I'll nod to Caleb and try to do the lift over the fence.


Oh boy. You know-- Okay. Just throwing it out there, big picture, okay, because there are two goals on that map. One is the peach, the other is the peach tree. If we go to one and she goes to the other, and let's say she gets deferred adjudication and gets out just a little bit after us, she might be waiting for us at one or the other. I'm just saying.


Oh, thank you. Never mind.


16 times two is 32, yeah? Plus seven, plus two. 41.


There's spots on the ground?


She's getting it right now.


So many names.


He's a friend. Come here.


Yeah, that would, that's good.


Sleep, then leave. Sleep, then leave.


We have 60 pounds of scales left?


We leave. Unique, huh?


Super. Right? I mean, he's not the most powerful guy, but he does well for himself. He runs an area.


How tall is it again?


I think we need a little history lesson here--


That's cool!


It's not that much. 16, and then an extra d6 on that guy. An extra six.


You got it. I pull out the jug and I yell, "Poison!"


Uhh... Hi.


You guys looked like idiots, just so you know.


Uh, not much. 1d8. Three, six, plus one... ooh, nine!


This thing can't move, right?


I don't know what you're talking about.


I'll tell you what, let's go to the safe house and then we'll come back if we are not completely almost dead, and see what we see there.


Firemark.


I give him five gold, because I saw Jester do that earlier and it seems to be the common courtesy of Nicodranas.


I cast a spell. Can I also move?


But we have a new lease on life. We have new horses, we have a new day. Let's go name some horses and steal them!


I take my hood off and go  Neat, huh?


So, if we just book it, we'll go--


Gern!


What was her name?


Not that, but yes. We found something interesting. It's strange, possibly dangerous, possibly useful.


Is one called the House of Bosoms?


It is, he gets a negative-- he gets disadvantage on attack rolls against me when my duplicate's next to me.


I did want to talk, but that's okay.


We make our way to the castle.


I should really be rolling better in taverns, though.


Ja, that's correct, against my DC of 15.


I laugh at it, as it comes at me.


Fire elemental. All the toys.


Well, here's where we could help each other.


(singing) I drew a dick on his picture. (laughter)


He's gotta have more than ten hit points.


Finish her.


Is it hexed, did you hex it?


Yikes.


And at E3 today, we went and checked out the demo and it's pretty frickin' cool.


Knew it was coming.


(ke-thunk)


A lake.


Humble dragon-brag.


Misses. With advantage too?


In my rage? Natural one. I'm going to take off running toward Vorugal!


No, just Grog, because he's an idiot.


Fucking real D&D, people. It went better in rehearsal.


Yeah, so it's within a mile of me. Oh, up to six within my favored terrain.


Within the mile?


I look at him as I take his hand off. What's your name, by the by?


We're not going to do that. We're going to knock him the fuck out!


Team colors.


That's all I can take. I get out of it.


It's a secret.


Wait, I'll go with him. I'm going to go with you. I'm keeping my eye on him.


Yes, it is. He walks out.


Taryon and Grog are both grappled?


I should just go unload?


Did anybody-- who all did voices for Street Fighter? Taliesin did-- You do Street Fighter, don't you?


And I spaced.


Thank you, meteorite die. Okay, so this is 1d-- durdee durdeedoo?


Choose any number of creatures within range.


Still mildly hungover.


You do like dancing.


Ugh. 11.


Two submerged gates under the harbor?


I flick his nose.


See what happens.


See? Extremely powerful.


Forget that. I get to reroll. That's a natural one. (cheering)


I'm going to move to here.


That was so close to being a natural 20!


That would just be steam.


It is nice, right?


And one open hand.


Does Grog travel with it, since he's hanging from the chain?


I am holding.


As my frenzied bonus action.


Hello, sister.


Okay, I'll keep him in, then.


No, no. Potato sack.


They decorate it, like a winter's festival.


Nice job!


Yes! And the best name yet!


All right, cool. I'm going to shoot Lightning Arrow at them.


Okay. Yeah, that's a 17 plus seven, so 24.


You may be in luck. We just met a captain of a ship, not two minutes before you walked in.


I'm an elemental, so.


To take care of the thingy?


No, don't do that. Please don't do that.


I release my bolt at that same one.


I was about to be very impressed, but I take it back.


And then get a cyborg brain, because that's what he has.


Yep. But then we have to leave or be ready to leave at a moment's notice. Or we should maybe leave right now.


It was an incredible device.


(squeaks) Hits.


We'll get bored after eight or nine.


I bring Frumpkin-- without saying a word, telepathically, I have Frumpkin come down in front of the child, and do a little owl nonsensical shimmy dance on the ground, just for ten seconds, to catch his attention, then have Frumpkin flutter up and land on his head and gently find purchase and sit.


Oh, and I help him finish the shoes by helping druidcraft them.


Not good, you guys.


No. Now I do.


Oh, he's blind. He's blind.


No, probably you'll die.


I'll unload everything.


Oh boy. That's an eight.


Yeah. I'm tapped, so this is all ritual spells now. So I will use a ritual spell to Identify the scroll case.


That's okay. You'll roll a natural 20 anyway.


Can I ask a question? The bodies on the spikes. None of them look familiar, right?


Roll the 20 twice?


I'll take out my torch. I'll light my torch once I get down there.


No, I'm going to huck it right back to the other guy again! (swish, whoosh)


Is this the Meat Man we know?


Thank you. Not yet.


And we have an amazing community member and Critter who has graciously offered to match all donations up to $40,000. That means each dollar that you donate will be doubled.


Separate the party!


Sure, I mean, generally we're safe as long as dragons aren't smashing through the village, but I mean, if you have an alternative.


I think I can only make us all look the same.


All the average-shaped people.


Ten for Fjord and 19 for Yasha.


(quietly) Hi.


What's a minute?


What sort of ladies will we find there?


He's not the hero we wanted, but he's the hero we need. (laughter)


Okay. I'm just going to nuts and bolts this. I don't suppose my insect swarm can attack for a bonus action?


That is actually not true at all. Nott, not at all.


Oh, no, what if he sucks our brains out?


Wow. You're fired. You're razing Arizona with fire.


That takes too long to think about.


If you feel like it's happening, let us know and we'll try to catch you in a jar.


Are we going-- (gasps) Is it a dope pillow fort?


Well, let's go plunder the loot.


Regrettably, not as much as I would like. But your brother? He does look, not as healthy as I imagine he may usually.


I go back up.


He looks like a Thaddeus.


27.


Keyleth just spit out an idea. If that skull, which looked like his fucking head. We've dealt with a lich before. If it has even a chance of being a vessel for his life force, even a chance, wouldn't we want to not use it, but destroy it?


Oh, let's put that in the pile.


Music for a midnight murder. There we are. Actually, I have some art that I would love to-- can I put on the--


Mr. Clay.


I eat bar stools for dinner.


Wait, you're saying that we cannot go through?


Okay, I'm going to be an asshole. Fine. Fine. Casting Minor Illusion.


I could cast an Enhance Ability spell.


Hah. Women are fascinating.


I'm how far?


I am your god, long may I reign. Eat of my fruits.


We need to get out, now.


You've lived here for a few months. What do you know about this place?


She had an interest in Whitestone, which makes me wonder what the spinning black orb of death has to do with all of this. Because I'm still not convinced that it doesn't have some sort of play in everything.


Oh, he tried it before.


Now we're down to John, Crapper, and Toilet.


You drew that just now?


But quietly. We don't want them to know that we're getting out the other side.


A charmed bracelet of dwarvenkind? Just gets a little bit of stubble.


(crossbow reloading) Bonus action. Shoot the one next to Yasha.


All right, all right! Ten feet!


That's fine, he'll just take his damage.


This is working out weirdly, I'm excited.


I know, it's mine.


Nope, it's Summer's Eve from now on.


And he falls to the ground and he hurts himself.


Hey now. Rangers aren't very strong.


No, but I mean, how are you going to wield this? You have two other weapons, don't you?


The gnolls!


Oh wow. I heard there was one in the ocean!


Oh, I have a nose ring! I'm going to swap one out! Don't look!


That's a failure, so it takes nine poison damage and it's poisoned until the end of my turn.


Percy shot this one, I think.


Yeah, you're welcome.


Oh yeah, so the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to use my bonus action to reload. I'm going to take my three shots at the white dragon with what I have left. I can do nothing. That's 30.


Keyleth. Clutch.


How soon will that start? I'll stay for 20.


It is very interesting, but I thought we were helping our friend here.


And you've made this trip yourself?


It's not the first time I felt inspired in my life. I just-- it wasn't real.


Can I throw Pike across the river?


I don't know anything.


I want this to be over.


Right. Thank you for watching our backs in there, that was real hairy, but we have to be leaving you now.


There's goblins everywhere! They're banging at the windows!


Just take a rest. Actually, I have something that I think will make us all feel better. And I prepare a Heroes' Feast.


Dave Eggers, one of the founders of the organization, he was working with some volunteers at our founding site in San Francisco, and when they were taking apart the place, somebody said it looked like the inside of a pirate ship. So they decided to build a pirate store in the front. It was a joke at first, but people started leaving money at the counter. They didn't even have a person who would take money-- people kept donating and leaving money, so it became a concept, and all the cities now have storefronts.


There's more.


Put it on the table, people.


All right. I'm calling it for now.


No hands, Trinket.


Then I'm going to cast Hold Person on the gray guy with the cobra head.


All right. I will mark that down.


Do I know of bloodroot?


We're on horses, let's just cut through.


Just put a pin in it and see what we find out here.


I don't know where it is.


I thought it lasted longer than that.


Come on, you sweet chinchilla.


That's not bad. That's eight points of damage and one point of ice damage.


Yeah! Drink it!


I cast Shield.


I'm gonna die.


Oh, boy. Okay. Okay, fine.


Where was it happening? It was along the border, huh? In Nogvurot? Yeah, that's where it was happening.


There's a fucking treehouse on top of the Fraggle Rock construction.


No. Although dying was-- I've been hurt before and I've-- almost drowning was a lot. (laugh) That was a lot and the ocean is a lot and this is a lot.


Three or four times, you have had a dream with a thing that has a giant eye like the one on your sword, and like the inner motifs of this woman's office?


So we can all fit in.


A little elevator music playing.


It's palm-sized, right?


After my two paladin attacks I'm going to--


She didn't die as a mouse.


Into the platform. I'm going to touch it! I'm going to touch the crystal.


It was quite lovely. I don't know if the tree is quite as happy with it, but I was quite impressed.


Although we do have a few shirts that we share and trade off.


We need to find a place to store our stuff and hopefully find an inn for the night, first.


I'll point out the ones with the food, some of the water and some of those frozen fruits as well for scurvy needs.


20 feet is really big. Oh my god! You know what you could do? You could make a trigger if he gets a certain height off the ground, and that way if he's over 20 feet above the ground, then it triggers and he's the only thing that would get affected.


This just means we have to live through one roll. I'm holding my action for any movement or anything that he may do. I'm holding my action for signs of life.


It's so good to have you here.


Done! Let's make this happen.


I don't want to burn with the boat.


It's pretty rich.


This way, or do we want to go this way?


Yeah, and can I do Bramble Shot as one of my attacks and then do another regular attack? Is that the way it works?


What the fuck is that? Goddamn chinchilla? What is it?


Don't thank us. Thank Shaun Gilmore.


d4 plus five. Lame.


Okay. There's a pool of acid right by me, yeah?


It's 23.


Yes. Cow Face.


Oh, all right, so six plus-- 13.


All right. Simon 2, go to the middle of the room. Throw the bones away, far, then grab the crystal. You don't have pockets. Run back to us! Away, yeah. Should he cover it with a blanket or something? Do you have a hood?


Yeah, and you don't think she's going to go, "Open this safe?"


So I'll be in the middle of the group, walking on the wall.


It's charisma. You had me do charisma.


Why don't we just shove the dead people in there, and then if we see the dead people moving we'll all draw our weapons and attack whatever comes out.


I don't like the way he said that. Why'd you have to say it like that? It's just a black dragon!


Oh yeah, we can go back to the Pillow Trove and all hang out and sleep in the same room if you want.


