Is she lying to me? Does she know more? 12.


Ooh! Here you go. I passed this to you so you could look at them. This is the Rope of Entanglement. The rope is 30 feet long and weighs three pounds. If you hold one end of the rope and use an action to speak its command word, the other end darts forward to entangle a creature you see within 20 feet of you. The target must succeed a DC of 15 dexterity, or become restrained.


We need to get them awake.


Kuthok. Got it.


We are really terrible at this!


Whoa! Holy fuck, this is the best map you've ever made!


There is that one magic trick that you're able to do. Would you like to show them the magic trick that you can do? I pull out a small red clay ceramic bowl. Then I pull out a copper piece. Here, you know the trick, right?


Yeah, I promise.


Yeah, Freddie.


That's gross. That's disgusting.


A Patch Addams.


Specifically he was not telling you, because I knew you were going to panic.


Far away.


We should get out. Let's go.


Oh, okay. I thought we went up the eastern side of the mountains. I'm so confused. You wouldn't think I'd lived here before.


Do you just tuck it in to make it smell nice?


Bless you, Mercer.


Bonus action dash. Sure, yeah.


Yeah. (laughs) Yeah.


When we get to the gates, we could maybe just--


Just let Pike off the leash.


Yeah, that's Lord Briarwood.


Yeah. Everybody's a kraken there. More or less.


So that's how you see it?


It's much more humane.


Speak for yourself.


You found a skeleton?


I've already said it, but she's whispering to me to hold. She's half of Pike right now. You're half of Pike right now.


And we're definitely doubling our movement here.


Yeah, man. Who doesn't speak Giant? That's just rude.


Is it one floor, the building?


Oh, from the inside of the castle.


There is a very, very small chance the answer is yes, so please put it in your bag right now.


What makes you think that now is the right time for all of this?


The first guy was Duncan. Valkin was the next guy.


Just two.


Thank you. Keep up the good work. You're doing, just, all the great stuff.


"What to do? What to say? Can you carry our treasure away?"


Yes, and I've noticed the Shade is rather open. Do you know if the Corner Cove or Debt's Respite are quite as private as this, or do they have actual rooms?


What do they have?


We would require of you, at the very least, safe passage once we have helped you reunite with your people, for ourselves, and for a friend of ours who's lost in the darkness, who we are here to retrieve.


Doesn't work that way?


A natural 20 got two points of damage?


I just noticed your shirt. It's really great.


What do I add? Nothing, right?


That fish looks so disturbed.


Cool. All right. I'm going to walk back to the castle, with you in tow, and I'm going to find Zahra.


Was he a pirate?


Percy, any extra guns?


No, they did not. So this is going to be fine. I did roll the other two. 19 and 19, which are both criticals. I got two criticals that we're going to get into. First shot is not a critical. That's 12 points of damage and one point of psychic damage. And then let me get an extra d10 and an extra d6. This is weird. New critical. New type of critical.


It's terrible! Five.


Thank you. And I'll try.


He told me. He told me a little bit.


Is that your last name?


No! We kill it and run.


You dingalings.


Mm-hm. I'm not there.


Man, remember when we used to do hopscotch? That was the best. And then also we used to take baths together when we were really little, but that was when we were really little--


Oh, we didn’t meet the guy at the Song and Supper.


Okay, okay, okay, roll good. Roll good, all right?


It'll come right out.


Very gently and politely, but yeah.


20, natural 20! For perception.


Are you going to be able to see through the dump?


We don't know if there's even any catacombs or anything down there. It could be buried in solid earth.


Yeah, I'm normally pouring them in their mouths.


Yes, 19.


Don't do that, Marisha.


I think they're across two.


Are there plans to attempt this at the next Winter's Crest that you know of?


Bisaft Isle. I don't know if you're familiar with that area. We need some repairs, and then hopefully you can find your way from there.


It's all right, it's all right.


That's not milk!


He was a good man.


I'm as uncomfortable as I can possibly be. This is the worst-case scenario of my entire life. I'm not moving and hoping this is all over soon.


Put my hand in it. Does that stay?


An empty fist?


The purple one is mine.


We'll work on it.


She's working for the Illuminati and we're basically the A-team, so I think she might know a little better.


But I was so eager that I actually came down the steps my full movement.


Maybe flip? Flip sides, just keep flipping the sides.


What do you have? What did you forget?


I'll have Cosko moonwalk across the hall.


Let's go do that!


Dead!


If you wouldn't mind, that would be most kind of you.


And I will sing as I withdraw it as well. (sings a note)


In my room.


We didn't really get to explain. You were the last to wake up of the three of us, and by the time you came around, we had met Mr. Clay. He apparently worked in a graveyard? Cemetery? I want to get it right.


I am really flexible. This does nothing.


d10 for me. Six.


No, I just pushed him off a building, then I thought that was enough for the day, so I went home.


I'll take that as a compliment.


Let's go to the shop, everybody. Anybody wants to go shopping can go shopping. Anybody else wants to wrangle up the cart?


Travis!


It's like the Tower of Terror.


The first was a 13. The second was a 22.


Outside of the castle.


So, basically full hit points at this point.


So it's another dance through the sewer if we want to do that tonight, which we could do.


Yeah, let's not do that today. This is reconnaissance.


Wow.


We'll complete your task. Thank you.


Mordor.


Do we know where these things are?


Oh, goodness.


I think we should get out of here.


I can't reach.


Okay. I want to see how far this can go. I want to push this.


Are there other entrances?


You'll be a good go between. If we hear something bad, we can get an owl to ship, if you hear something, then--


Huh? Oh, yeah.


It's super greedy. (laughter)


Glad Pike was here for the fight! (cheering)


Fabulous. Thank you.


I've got it. I put it down. I pick up another one.


We don't need to go anywhere. This is it.


How is Whitestone finding you?


Yes, abacus.


I hit zero hit points as an eagle.


Continue to be charming.


We're all undead, so I'm a little smaller right now, actually.


Where did you even get that gold?


Alert everyone you see.


Yeah, let's go back.


It was around here somewhere. You had it last.


@ChrisPerkinsDnD.


Perhaps.


I do believe in fairies. I do believe in fairies. I know it; I've killed several of them. They're definitely real.


(laughs) Flight of the Sondurs.


Well, that's funny, because your name is also Beau.


He is licking the inside of Sam's ear.


For just a little bit. So this is going to be stupid.


I go into the room, I shut the door behind me. I check my hiding place.


That's what I made, like, every day for my allowance!


Keyleth is definitely staring, but pretending not to stare.


I really don't want to wait a week.


We need magic! I'm taking my last shot.


Evil maple syrup, yeah.


Shit, and he's out of sight now?


Right. Have you seen a lycan?


Is Tary okay? What are you thinking, man?


There were in Nicodranas.


So how long can you tunnel? And how long in each tunneling thing?


At this point, I'd be amazed that he hasn't helped us in any way, shape, or form, and cast a perception check of my own.


You're explaining too much.


This is a toy for little children. All right, here. I'm sorry.


Why don't you look at that dodec?


That's what we're saying.


Not jug, it was a barrel.


Okay, here's my question. Are they funneling down one main street? How wide is that street?


And he gets flung in a random direction?


Six for Trinket! It's a good night, you guys.


Are these things Pike knows because of her expertise, or does everyone in the world know a certain amount about?


What the fuck was that about?


Really fun and really weird to be on this side of that screen. So odd for me, and just to play a character who's so different from the characters I used to play before I DMed all the time. It's weird to be a guy who just doesn't think about stuff and like is not particularly charismatic and anyway, people who have thought about playing or want to play RPGs, when we were rolling up this guy, I was so excited when I got-- what did I roll for him? Anyway he's got a minus one. I rolled an eight for his charisma, and I was so excited because I was like, well now I know exactly who this guy is. I know exactly who he is and it's going to be really fun to be him. It was really great, it was really fun to come and I found out about your game because Liam directed me in a voice session. I want to be on your show so much.


Can you do a flying rhino?


I know, but you're saying we've been there, but they just did that recently.


Having a bad day?


No, it's not. It's like 8 45.


He can can certainly try.


All right, I'm going to reach into my alchemist's satchel and pull out a bag of writhing sticky black tar and hurl it right at his feet. MATT; Okay. It's leaping from windowsill to windowsill, and as it gets to one windowsill you chuck at it?


Yeah, plus one.


Great. Ahem. Hoy hoy! Hi, Captain Avantika.


Go find Eskil.


Oh, he saved your life just now, dear.


Fine. Ooh!


Like a Tron lightbike.


Good, then something positive has come out of this.


Oh man! I should have done that at the beginning, but I thought I was going to hide again. What a waste.


No, he has advantage now, sorry.


I don't know why you would grab the hammer.


Good day. (laughter)


I'm going to pull my wire out, and Message the one who I intimidated and say: you left one behind, he's here.


Well, it was kind of a ploy to get a cheaper health potion.


If you're not--


Ranger's hat.


Little bit.


What kind of mist?


Wow. Yeah, we've come to the right place.


It is quite chilly.


I'll take third watch.


Hey! Natural 20! That's a Gil 20!


Who do we kill? The person you just spoke to?


Maybe it's my friends. Should we go?


Thank you. Fjord is also tied up, though, really bad.


12s.


Apparently empty?


From the tinkering room I yell out, is it safe? Can I come out now?


Plus it was dark when we left, and nobody saw the--


And can I try and bulldoze him down to the ground and pin him to the ground?


I'm going to go to Caleb when he gets back. (knocking) Caleb! Caleb! Caleb!


Jester, use these.


Aldor, they told us we could kill it and then give the heads and then bring it in and then they would give us money...


21 plus five is--


It gets pretty loud here. It's true. I take it you went to Firecracker Alley?


Why did your luck suck that time?


I love my wife.


Can I take one of the tiny little healing potions, the regular-ass ones?


What do you mean by--


Then I just hug him, and I'm like, (sings) Let the sunshine in!


And what city is he in chains beneath?


Yeah, I'll do it again here.


You're not there!


Did you get a haircut?


It's okay! We're learning things.


I did well. Concentration is-- I've never done this before.


We did let her regroup a little bit, but we didn't know what we were doing.


No, first Frumpkin goes to look, so I can see what I'm seeing.


On the guy I put Friends on, yeah.


A core stance is very good for your abs.


(laughing) Did I do something good?


Someone find the third fucking lodestone.


If we may, this sweet girl here was also part of our party and she is quite the protective one. I'm afraid that she was also providing aid to our fellows in that tent. I'm afraid her younger sister was attacked in a similar way. I feel it's only prudent to acknowledge that she was trying to protect this young dwarven girl that performed in the circus. She means no harm.


Why is the school crossing guard from my hometown in New Jersey in Whitestone right now?


Sweet potato? That's good, yes. Some prunes?


(counting)


That's the higher of the two. I had a seven and a 17.


Don't worry. I won't abuse it, I promise. Could you potentially help us with sneaking in the castle?


Not as far as I thought.


There's a quick update to the Pablove Foundation charity push.


That gets the mamba jamba? Okay, good. That's what I want.


Iva!


It's a 60-foot cone.


How many d6s do I roll?


Are we going to tie ourselves to each other again, like before?


I fall over on the ground and really like (choking sounds).


(laughs) We'll take it. He pulls the ale barrel which you guys provided, sets it on the side of his desk with the same spigot that you had placed in when you presented it earlier and says, "Take a bit." "A bit."


Oh, hey! How's it going there?


What does that mean, the Traveler?


Just that he was very charming, and that he wore lots of rings on his fingers, and that, you know--


Oh, the old button ship legend, really?! Oh! Buttonbeard the Pirate?!


There's two guards.


Probably but give it a moment.


Okay, great. I have this deal. (chuckles) I'm sorry, I don't remember what it's called. I have a maneuver where if I hit a thing, I can hit a second thing. Let's just see if I hit. I'm going to go ahead and try to hit Vax again.


I'll go right.


I'm going to eat it.


Sphincter, Sphincter, Sphincter!


Yeah, let's send in one person.


I turn to Scanlan and say, Scanlan, we are probably going to die today. It has been an honor.


Right before we sleep?


The door's already summoned, yeah?


You're some kind of a genius! How did you do that?


Does it remind me of anything I've seen in my dreams?


Did we get a time frame of how long ago this crypt was built before? How old this crypt has been around?


Mysterious folk. Where were you supposed to drop it off? You knew where you were supposed to deliver it, so where were you supposed to deliver it?


Whoa, that's lit, it's lit up! How did you do that?


Wait! What? You are lying!


But if we were part of the contract then we would get access to a bunch of stuff.


Is there any runes or anything around in this room that look like they would indicate--


Sylas is up and moving?


I'm damaged, but--


We came to Vasselheim to dispose of it. My sister has read it. Parts of it, and--


Can he see me?


We need to go find a shitty place and lay low.


Where am I in there?


You sacrifice Ronin to be able to do that. (laughter)


Why did you just kill the assassin guy that we were going to ask?


I really wouldn't mind.


Seems unreliable-- yes, mind controlled.


At the end of this fight, can I have your tie? I mean, you're not going to need it anymore.


Yeah. We're good? Are you all right?


Why would they make camp in the place where the god of the sun--


Damn it. Okay, that's not good.


We can hang it up like a tapestry. That would be nice.


So Percy and I are upstairs alone?


Yeah, we took out the ammunition.


I think that's wise.


How's Kima?


Out of idle curiosity, two last important things that I would recommend.


I'm Morgan Freeman, and I rolled a one.


Now I’m going to go up and have a drink.


I have allergies down here.


This is so cool. Look at that flame on the side of the roof.


Can I grab her by the neck and walk her to the edge of the pyramid?


Is that including what we got from my sister?


Halved, but 120, so that's my movement, total. I'm going to throw Whisper in his face. I'm not going to bamf there; I'm just going to throw the dagger.


Okay, okay, okay, I'm going to cast Pass Without A Trace on us now.


Oh, double hex? He's already hexed?


So it's five, so that's 11. I don't attack a lot. 13 damage.


To?


There's food in there. Eat it all. Scratch through everything you want.


(quietly) You got this.


We can see a closer of the dome with the symbols on them?


(awful yet great impression of bagpipes) (laughter)


I can't. It's not a new day.


Terrible dangerous places you should never go are practically our middle name.


Can I do, like, a nature check on this thing to see if I can discern any type of information on it?


I don't think it works like that.


Give it to Heder, give it to Heder!


I'm so hoping it talks to you now, I'm so hoping it starts talking to you.


Taryon Darrington. In Gnome, I say, it's a pleasure to make your a-taint-ance. (laughter)


Did we hear that, though?


Okay. So, this is better than it was before. You have monster calves, do you want to carry this now?


Oh, that’s a good idea.


Should we leave Trinket?


Does he seem to be armed, or shady, or have lots of scars on his person?


I have limitless alcohol.


I do it again, and clean everybody up.


I'm feeling so useful, you guys.


We want to push the tree over, don't we want to give it a good shove?


Never too much Ashley.


You almost critted.


Ooh! Did a new light just pop on? And another light? For a red lava effect in my eyes?


What the fuck do you mean "still"? [cheering]


Can we just have that out just so I have her energy.


I legitimately have no idea what's about to happen, because--


No, no, no. I mean. A leisurely jog.


I brought her out before we took the fight to the dragon, so I think she's still in the town, but I don't want to tell her.


So I want to touch on something that's happening at the same time, but I will wait until you think it's a good moment.


Yes, that would be lovely.


I catch the hammer and I start going 'Tink! Tink! Tink!' And wave the two invisible beings into the room.


Just relief.


I-i-illiteracy?


Is there anything other than the bow worth looting on this terrible person, since I'm rummaging through his...


I'm going to go down with Clay, but just at the stairs, since I also look like a guard.


That's balls. That is just a seven.


They do.


I can make the head move.


I don't catch the coin.


Am I able to, if I use Step of the Wind, am I able to make it around and get to this one who's harrassing Caleb?


I'm taking them.


Do you have a potion?


And then we drink.


Go Yasha. Go Yasha, go!


It's cocked. 16 plus eight, so 22.


Oh, wait. By the way, I believe you said that if I successfully did all of these trammels that you had something for me. Thought I wouldn't remember, did you? (laughter)


He's really quiet.


Please to be following you.


I haven't even read it yet.


One day, it's going to be epic.


Oh, no. No toll.


Oh, 20-foot radius.


Nothing happened to it? Still just--


6 + 10. But I get a -5 to my attack.


Do you want to be a guest on the show?


A woman scorned by her dice.


Nothing like this. Hundreds, possibly thousands of shows. Yeah, thousands of shows. Nothing. Never. It's not us.


Oh, you know, maybe don't kill it. We can interrogate it.


A little yellow fish. A little yellow fish that's very friendly.


It lives. It lives.


I'm actually from Port Damali.


Is he back from getting us food? Oh no, I hope he's not, because I want to send a second one out there.


I mean the little door window.


Like, some Looney Tunes shit? (pew) And the head just stays there, and then (rushing wind).


I'm very happy.


It burned up around it and didn't do anything?


I can water-walk.


We are still hungry! And I rush up to giant dick smear.


It's a ten-foot reach on the outside of this thing.


Yeah, Liam’s going to hold the plank position for 2 hours.


I will level-one Healing Word, bonus action. Nine. You're at nine.


That oil from the Wizard of Oz.


It can't be destroyed.


Fjord, go swim down on the outside and plug it from the outside. Go!


Yasha, did you kill any of your fellow children growing up?


Is he a giant? Like a giant?


Yeah, the jam.


Thought you might be a dragon. Wisdom saving throw?


Oh god, I want to die.


Yay NDAs.


Reginald.


Goran Quagmire?


I saw him do-- I saw me as him doing the same thing. He was standing over someone, covered in blood, and he put the sphere inside of him.


I'm going to walk with Percy. Oh, and Trinket's out.


We wait.


Yeah, that's just a photo opportunity.


My dad was from Sweden.


We couldn't quite see it at night, that's true. Maybe we should go down.


Ja, I think that’s a fair deal. Jester, would you mind settling this debt for us?


No, my body is a temple and I wouldn't sully it like that.


Oh, okay. Cheaper over time as I get better at it? That's funsies. Well, let me make-- What is that? A greater healing potion?


I'm not going to kill you.


Yeah, go ahead. Take your time.


Because I don't.


That was only five, huh?


You have value?! (laughter)


Last box!


50,000?!


It's Critical Role's dice.


No, but I was heavily stealthed.


I might be able to guide him--


Tri-Spies?


It was only a couple weeks.


It's touched by the moon.


Is he close to us?


Nott, have you never been to a festival?


Ugh, come on!


(laughs) Do crows swim?


Well, it is good that we have the world's two best detectives with us. That should be an easy task to fulfill.


A dragonite, raven.


You've called us together for a reason?


Oh, boy, 12.


Yeah, Twiggy just hurt him.


Fountain lowering?


Where do you live? Because I could bring her over and you could play together tomorrow.


It's not that mysterious. I just have things that I have to do sometimes.


We do a lot of charity work and it would be well-received back home. (under his breath) In our Keep.


Oh my goodness, yeah. Like 45 minutes have gone by looking at all these things.


That was a sniper shot.


(laughs) Super Saiyan, motherfucker! 2d6 necrotic damage? Okay. And I'll stay there.


Lovely weather we're having, huh?


Okay. Sorry, hold on. Oh wait, no, I'm doing this one. 17.


I am very much out of practice, and--


This was not a cry for help. Not a cry for help. I thought it was going to be dope. That's it. I just thought it was going to be cool as shit, and then it wasn't.


Her majesty, Keyleth.


I down my shot. What did the man drink out of curiosity? What was his final drink? I'm a bit of a macabre person myself.


Roll one of your buddies.


Ah, you can sleep on the plane.


Yasha got a 17.


I'll enhance your ability.


Who gave you that? What was that?


Come on! Big money, no whammies. Yeah! Hell yeah!


Parkour, parkour!


No, it’s absolutely just really fresh because we put it in Tupperware.


What else is there to say about Taryon Darrington?


Wait, they're above us?


You're great! Run!


We have another bowl.


Well, I mean, everyone's got some weird. We're weird people. People come in and you're a bit strange, you got something you can do.


How old-- when was the last time you saw your mother, or do you even remember?


Can we sketch what it looks like? I think you should sketch, Percy.


I liked ours better.


(affirmative grunt)


Jester, if somebody left jewels for somebody else to pick up, and it's full of rocks, you might get that person killed.


Oh shit! First of all, am I singed? Did the other arrows-- Is everything safe? Is anything else going to blow up? Any other fire?


Let's do this! [break]


(surprised grunt)


I have every faith.


Wait! Something I can say now. I didn't have the green light, but I am in that game. I had to fib and say that I wasn't in that game, but I'm in that game! I am back as Gollum! And I run around and I do this, and I do this, and I do this, and I do this. (Gollum voice) Tasty fish!


So 12. I rolled a 22.


I came to destroy your party.


Where before it disappeared?


Some pictures have been, but not all of it.


I rolled an eight, and my constitution modifier is two.


Fancier than me?


Pull his tongue a little bit more.


Good day to you. We'll take care of this.


Okay, wait, do we find any pictures of threshold crests? Or a postcard?


Does it look like he's speaking from experience? He's a little twitchy.


On the other side of the bar I cast Haste on Jester while she is playing the piano.


24. But I hadn't added my--


Are we running late?


13. 30. And 17.


All right. I go low with the handaxe.


Temporarily.


Charisma is your spellcasting ability for this.


It was that guy with the burnt chicken.


I feel really bad about this. Can we throw him any money or something?


Posters?


Yep. This is very important script. It says that you must carry this at all times, and if you let it go prematurely you will die.


You were supposed to have a lighter too.


I try to get the boat through.


Isn't that crazy that it's instantly Clarota and it's instantly Kima? It's not Matt anymore, as soon as it's that character.


Oh, for fuck sake.


Man, this fight is crazy.


Let's not be petty.


Who that?


In a moment.


If you don't move, they'll go away.


Great. 15.


Plus my spellcasting?


2d4 plus what?


What is this, just charisma?


(laughter) Yeah, yeah, yeah.


What were they doing to you?


I go ahead and Druidcraft a little campfire. Tiberius, you want to light a fire for us?


But she's always angry.


(sings Benny Hill theme)


Whitestone as well.


(singing) He's the Chained Oblivion. His name is the Chained Oblivion.


Now I have a bonus action?


Okay. Sorry, I'm sorry. Freaking out.


I hadn't really thought about it. It's something I can in theory do.


But I'm not going anywhere.


Well, no, Doty can't mist-form, right?


Okay, that one hits.


Here, wipe it on this. That's okay.


Okay. The death knight, by the way, is what Colonel Arnold Fuck is.


One is activated, the other is not.


That won't even fit his thumb!


Like coming home.


He could throw a big boulder to collapse it the rest of the way.


I am stealthing. I roll stealth.


Shit! That makes sense.


Yeah! Scanlan backstory.


Why do I have so many teeth?


How's that going for you?


(sobs) Yeah.


Yes. And definitely inspire some conflict.


Gilmore's Glorious Books.


Is there an underground water source near Whitestone?


Is it mostly gnomes that live in the city?


100 feet?!


I totally reach out and touch it.


The Mentiri is the prison; that's the part of the prison. Prison has parts.


It's got to be something that can go as fast as we're going.


That doesn't mean that won't change in 30 seconds.


And he's pretty far away?


If it just uses it to start a charge?


Okay. Ooh. Two plus something, so it's nine.


Can we move stealthily underwater?


Also, I'm going to say this now, in advance. It might not be possible, but if we get to a door, I'm thinking ahead of time, if we think we're about to step out, I want to cast Bless on the three half-elves right before going out. That might not be possible, but it's in my head to do it.


I give her my sketchbook with ink and stuff so she can draw the runes that she sees.


Dex save? 22 for me.


I say, shh! Shh! Shh! And I wind down to push him under the lava!


What was the name of the district?


Although I'm fine either way. 23.


I know! No, believe me, I am aware that my greed fucking did that to me. I am aware.


The one we got the information from.


He was fucked up by every other prisoner in there.


Finish him. Cause you're having to avert your gaze. You're trying to work out this whole thing where you're all basically at a severe disadvantage fighting this thing, unless you want to be completely fucked over. All right.


It was hard to focus on his armor with all of his screaming and panting.


Asking the dungeon master.


Is that the kind DM shirt, or is that the evil sarcastic--


It's in my bag.


Yeah, why are we talking to the Wharfmaster?


Taryon Gary Darrington. (all laugh)


There's trees.


And I look him straight in the eye--


I feel that as well.


I mean we killed a troll, it's not like we can't kill him if it goes wrong.


Okay, I'm going to, because I can, fuck the priest.


(coughs) Jewels.


Not by the city.


That's the first time we've ever ended on time.


Oh! I like the sound of that. I'll go with you.


Of course, but we're trying to win them over, and if we're showing that we're ripping out their tongues and pulling their ears off and flaying their balls, they're going to be just as scared of us as they are of the Briarwoods.


Are we in any danger staying here, leaving our special hidey place unprotected?


It sounded so fancy.


This is insane!


Night, Caleb.


"I'll take the elevator."


Iron stairs? Stone stairs?


Do I have enough movement to get to it?


Oh, I also speak Undercommon.


I'm not awake yet.


Oh okay! I'm going to sit down on the ground and open the tent.


And I will scoot to my left inside the doorway but still stay in cover behind the wall. No, no, to the left of the doorway but still in the hallway.


I'm glad we have a mansion, I'm glad we have a Vestige because of it, but look, I got abandoned once. Think anything's changed since then?


You do?!


I could do a spell and make myself look like someone else.


Holy fuck, he just took out the entire council.


Right, listen up. If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. (record scratches) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things. Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting, elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this, this terrified little thing. [no audio]


Oh, shit. Wait a minute. How long did that fight take?


You don't know the half of it.


Hey, guard, what's your name?


Should I cast that on us?


Should I roll the second attack?


Well, then we go from there.


(painful roaring)


Did I just leave her? I feel weird just leaving her.


Aw. We waited too long!


Well, she asked it, so, technically, it's hers.


Can we go shopping in town, maybe? We've got some leather to trade, may have some armor.


Okay. Can I move opposite of where my two lads are so I stay behind him again?


Hey. It's all right.


I was going to say something to it.


Nott--


It's okay, she knows what she's doing. No, she doesn't.


What if one gets away? We're going to hunt them down over our lifetime? I don't know, what if they go far away? Are we indebted to you forever now, or can we put a 30 day cap on this?


I want to wrap it around Cassandra's feet, her ankle, and I want to pull her toward me.


Okay, now breathier.


Oh, it was like a coffin. Does it look like a coffin?


Get close-- what? Did I? But that's a spell I cast on myself.


(laughs) Yeah, it's true.


Wow, guys. We did a lot of strange things.


Ah man.


Well done, man!


It was with you the whole time.


We're live on the fucking internet, Sam Riegel!


Yep. That motherfucker had leather apron with shitty-ass sleeves.


Can I run down the steps and hide behind a barrel like it's going to make any fucking difference at all?


And while he's doing-- I don't get to shoot an arrow. Yes, I do! I get to shoot an arrow.


But long may he reign. Huzzah.


That's exactly what I was going to say! Cinnamon, yes!


Yeah, I'm gonna have her--


Why don't you toss that thing into the acid just in case?


We're gonna go find Willhand!


Does the smell get more intense at the food?


Yeah, some shots at them as I go.


East, south, west, east.


I'll follow you out.


Are there any giant gems that we can see?


I could use my cloak and I could fly.


Grog. Did you see that?


All right. Then I'm going to shoot Lightning Arrow.


Yeah, and I'm just gonna crawl a couple feet into the ropes in that direction.


Okay. Okay. So he was around for a while. Okay. Did you know Theobold?


Marvel Puzzle Quest.


Let's do invisible!


Did you draw that one, or is it your kid?


It could possibly be blinded by obscuring the lens?


I thought we said we were going to do it! I thought we were going to do it!


They better not fall.


I don't know what she's planning on doing, but I'm hoping it's something to help me. What?


Tiberius, I want it to be known that if you keep asking me for party funds, I will not be so--


Ooh! Yeah!


We need a down here team and an up here team and maybe a Frumpkin to communicate through.


I'm always getting scared of things and that one was too much for me.


Give him a pencil-thin mustache.


So six total.


Oof (laughs).


Bye, Sprigg.


Don't write "the Knights", though, just write the little symbol.


Do all of the things that we gave him fall down to the ground?


It's so good, Minxie's in there killing things.


Yeah, maybe close your eyes and get the deck out. (all laugh)


Why, yes we are! I assume you're Captain Adella.


Oh, shit. Natural 20. (cheering)


Shave his head, he can't DM anymore.


I'm inclined to agree, actually. The longer we keep it out here, the more eyes will be on it.


Oh, more?


I scoop you by the arm and take you off for a minute. You know, I want to come back here, sometime. One, I would love to go to the Velvet Cabaret again. You know, just like a date night.


Three over here.


Oh my god, it's so good.


And we're about to get--


We're getting ore, right?


He knocked us right back down.


Or maybe one of them.


You're up for a scrap on the seas?


I love it when I do that, right?


Do I know if giants have any natural enemies that they hate?


I have to choose what she’s going to do? I'm so confused.


You should give us all a copy so you will have multiple.


Yes. Ow!


It's 60 feet.


Let's keep some meat.


Doran.


Blow a kiss.


Is there a roof to this thing?


Fjord and Yasha are the tallest. We put them-- perfect.


On the end of his turn, he gets to make a save.


Spits you both up, maybe.


That's right. 26 points of damage plus-- Oh yeah, that definitely hits. Plus eight more points of damage.


But he's a giant, and I'm a little thing.


You can't stabilize him.


It's Ripley that's doing the guns!


I've got advantage. Good, I got a 19.


I'm going to be stealthy. I don't want to be noisy.


(pointedly humming)


To see if Keyleth could do anything, but a wineskin? Yes.


I mean, unless you want you. If that's the way you think you're going to pick up a girl or a guy, maybe that's the way and you'll just find somebody who likes that. You might get a lot of rejection until that point, but eventually you'll find the person that it registers with.


Yes you do. If you don't mind.


Yeah. I'm already falling into a routine with my other human friend here, because I know that she's a badass, but not without light. The globules pass her and curve to the left a little bit, and one floats above her head. The last one.


I think, as generous as this offer is, we just don't enjoy associating with new money. Let's get out of here now.


We'll time-jump.


Ow! So much blood.


Later tonight, player!


Yeah, Jarett. And wispy fuck.


Yes, actually, I can, because Freedom of Movement is not a concentration spell. So I'm going to burn my last 2nd-level spell and do Enhance Ability to give you--


Roll for it. Roll for it, bro.


Yeah, except for that one.


Is she far enough away?


Not me, you don't pick me up. (laughs)


Yeah. The answer is yes. I can do all those things.


It's a way to call for help, Grog. I don't think you're going to need it very often.


Oh shit! Well, then yeah, I'm smoking them both.


Attack. Oh, attack. What do I do with my other attacks? Hold? There's no way to twist the hand off? He tried. He tried it before.


Which it does.


Really. Are the throat beads green? Do they look similar?


The less we say, the better.


Like a blankie.


Yes. 15 is the save.


Maybe they all fought each other.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother, and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother, Vax'ildan, quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. Through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear-- her own stolen Trinket-- to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable, and gives expert massages.


There's an awful lot of reasons why the little red rocks wouldn't work.


The code is "critrole", and you will not have to pay for any kind of shipment in any way, shape, or form. The wood still costs.


You beat me to it. You said 30 minutes went by, I wanted us to be doing that already.


That was not a fight we were about to have.


I've been digging through the pillows.


Over the anvil?


Wasn't the point of us going to these beaches to try to see if there was any other advantage we could find?


She just disappeared!


It's beautiful.


Will it move with us, your shell?


With 20 hit points. No. I was at 82 minus 62, which means--


But they can't hear me.


You're welcome. I'm glad it was me and not you so you don't get in trouble or you're not marked or anything.


So he just punched me for no reason?


You're already 1,200 in? How much more would you have to put in?


Dirty, dirty 'stache love.


Should we kill him?


Not stealing the seal.


Well, it's an extra five gold pieces.


So it's a big house, like a mansion?


These caverns are getting to us. (all laugh)


We're in trouble.


He gave it to us already, or it was an after sort of thing?


I mean, if she's willing.


Right. Oh, keys. Can I take the keyring and can I pry the metal keyring-- is it like one solid piece or is it the kind that I could maybe bend it open?


I applaud the younger guy. What do you want to play, Nott? Do you want to play?


Should we sleep before the meeting?


What's in the box? (laughter)


She looked interesting.


To a lumberjack.


That's not fair.


And add ten to it because of Pass Without a Trace.


I mean, don't Vax-inate them.


I don't think it makes a difference. I think there's no new people in this town.


You could literally be walking along side of the boat.


I'm really, at this point, only useful for a couple things. I'm going to keep in the back there.


What if I take the sledgehammer out? I'll take the sledgehammer out.


Are people hot on our tail?


Nott is just upset because she was trying to do a little reading last night as well.


Let's just work on something simple. We're going to take a moment to work out a couple of moves in case it comes up. Just some basic hand moves.


I thought that was for one person.


Potentially, yes.


Yeah, I was going to say the same thing.


Pull your weight. I hate lazy people. You found one of my buttons. I'm going to do a bonus action Healing Word on you. It's not a lot.


Yeah, that's great.


Today? I don't know.


That's full bullshit.


Oh, well, alright.


This is the place I was talking to you about. The skeleton’s right over there.


Okay, so maybe she didn't say that. But I still don't think she likes Fjord very much.


Is Pike out?


Wait. Maybe a stupid idea. You guys can talk to plants. Plants are neutral. What if we lead them into the woods?


And his rifle's broken.


I will inspire you. I guess for my bonus, I should take a healing potion. For my bonus, I'll take a superior healing, which is what?


Uhura.


Oh, right! Yeah, I can totally do that.


We're going to wait for our guys to pace--


Calm down!


If only there was a way.


(gasps) You haven’t done it yet?


Just touch will work.


Or this one?


Oh! 27. Oh! With advantage? 27.


Whoa, her mind is blown.


Oh, shit. 12.


The bats.


Tar first. Where do we go for tar, the Iron Lot?


Yeah. Until he gets in range.


You suck.


It got really dark.


That's a good one too. That's going to be 29. Same thing, 3rd-level Divine Smite, 7d8. (counting) 47.


Hey-- oh.


I mean, hold on, Pike. Maybe we could do a lot of good. We could really rid the world of a lot of bad stuff.


We were just leaving.


And are all artifacts necessary to defeating these dragons?


I'm dancing around the room while you're looking.


No, I think I had their names written down.


It's 120 feet distance and you said that the bog is 100 feet away.


Oh, I thought you were right behind us.


So, Vox Machina, are we going to head around the southern, south-eastern edge?


Yes, I rather enjoyed that environment myself.


Do I have visual of both wraiths?


Okay! I'm gonna--


Yeah, over there. I'm going to hit that undead one with Vicious Mockery. Actually, I'm going to hit the one that has the kid with Vicious Mockery, not the undead one.


Yeah. Since we have an orb up, don't we? No, we have a torch.


He's not Vox Machina material, though.


Marisha argues with herself and loses.


That's not Gandalf. That's a cosplayer.


Are you guys still up top? Okay, I'm going to go over to Fjord and say: You said that one of the members of their group is named Dolan?


Back to the cabin.


Yeah, I'm going to hold there for now.


That's all right because I rolled a 19, so that is a total of 21.


Exactly. I misunderstood.


Hey, y'know, it wasn't fun, but it was educational, shithead. And I walk over and stop at the edge of the stairs going down, you said there were stairs going down?


I'll cover the fellas' room. Here's four gold.


Well, it depends on how forthcoming you are. Anything I need to know to operate this thing or I just slap it on and start giving commands?


I want to do it right before we walk in the room, Matt.


So yeah, three weeks from today you can get the autographed. Starting today, only for three weeks, and then it's gone forever from the store.


I see you have many weapons on you.


He's our runner.


Has it ever happened like this before?


Back to the fork. I pull out-- both? We only need one.


I'll go in! If you don't want to go, I'll go, or I'll go with you. Want to go together?


That tunnel.


Wow, that's a lot-- okay.


Do we need to all sit on the table, then?


Yeah. I want to watch! Ooh! That's a good one. 27.


He left while we were shopping.


I am having trouble.


The mast.


"You're my mate."


Rue dies, motherfucker.


This is the ploy.


Yeah, you go in, throw some spaghetti on the wall, see what sticks, and have a great time.


We'll give it a push.


Can I try and push up into a handstand?


It's a great plan.


How did you-- never mind.


Should I save it?


You know, maybe we pick this up later.


These are your tools, Beau!


But not secure magically.


I like that a lot.


Okay. Oh, me? Oh man, I can't do anything against these fuckers.


And a 22.


What was my number? It was 13? 13 for me, and Trinket gets 13, as well.


Okay. Well, I talked to Tooma and find out where she--


No, nothing.


(singing) Ducktales! Woo-ooo!


There's so many!


Just her? All of us?


To be fair, you did get her throat slit, but it's okay.


So. Tary?


Thank you, Clive Bens!


25 is his--


Dawnfather.


Where's my fucking broom?


What'd you say?


I mean, there's probably enough to go on here. She's also dressed in blue. She's basically going--


I know a guy named Dolan Taverski.


But the Ozmit Sea is where the Water Ashari reside. And I have to go there anyway. It's also where Pike is very familiar. I'm pretty sure that's the sea that she sailed?


I wouldn't say that.


Like that time we sneaked in the back door of the thieves' guild?


Out of game, out of game! Don't, you're not-- DM's not here. DM's not here.


Before he does, can I-- I'm going to just see if there's any magic protecting these-- the metal or the joints.


I go (surprised shriek).


Autoerotic a-pixie-ation.


Pitbull.


I don't even think it is concentration.


She's in Patient Defense; she's going to be fine.


Is there a big thing that says WoD on it?


Oh god. Oh! 15.


Everything here is super creepy.


Okay. I will go invisible and just hang and just see what happens.


All right, so chore number two down. I would like to go to Uriel's temple and ask the guards if anyone has seen my belt, Simon.


That's ridiculous.


I'm taking a quick look at the obelisk that I'm right in front of, I think it's in Elvish, isn't it?


We've got to run, right? I think it's stupid if we stay.


Prepare? Oh.


A creature of the sea, a creature of the air with fire--


We're going to fly up until we see the main road. We see the main road, we're going to take it towards the city. We're going to stay a bit high. If anyone spots a lone horse and a rider with a human-sized package on the back, we're going to do a little spin-around, spin-around, spin-around, and we're all going to park ourselves maybe a quarter of a mile up the road.


Good on metal.


I'm down for that.


That's a wuss panic.


And what underneath?


I don't trust anybody!


Then I'm going to stab him in the knee


How do you play Dungeons & Dragons?!


But really, I'm up to full!


It's a Delorean.


It says. Okay.


You swing first.


I'm taking Cassandra.


What is it? What did you give me? What is this?


I lean over to Percival and say, this is one of those times when it's best just to keep quiet.


Thanks, eight billion people!


It's a good name.


Oh my god. Now you can die happy.


Somebody asked why she was wrapped up.


Yeah, he started sweating out of nervousness.


We're still invisible.


It's all right. It's more than I ever got.


Okay, that's good, that's good. 37, okay. Okay. I guess I will, his Hunter's Mark is still on him, right?


They fell.


Okay, he might not be in Wildemount. I don't know.


You just one-upped Grog, man.


I can't walk in, right?


If you press on it, can you get his hand to move?


Is that including the bonus?


I think that perhaps if it's possible to convince them to at least wait one more cycle to heal and prepare for the battle--


So jelly.


Huzzah!


No, no, god, no--! No. I do have two of these spheres, and I can't help but notice the extra shamalamadingdong that Avantika got by depositing one of them. I could keep the third and certainly keep that crazy fucking snake at bay. I would like to see this through. Otherwise, I feel like I'll always be wanting to get back here.


It's really big. It's like a lake, only a lot bigger.


Either of you.


Story of my life. (all laugh)


Don't touch the orb.


There's no way we're going to be able to take this shit seriously.


It felt like we were killing time a little bit. There's something else that we should do. I don't know what. Maybe your thing won't be my thing.


Oh! Something's happening! Something's happening in the sky!


That was certainly memorable.


I'm across the country, man, I can't really see.


Quite a while. A long while.


You couldn't have them roll that for me?


What's that called, what did you use?


(air kisses)


I pull Kerr aside.


We can put them aside. We will be bringing them out of here.


I drop the hut, it's gone.


It's like @brianwfoster.


I read it and I keep looking at Fjord like-- and then go back and read it. I assume it's about some sort of orc love.


Just get to the keep-- we can talk about it there.


Do you guys want to get out the rope and put it around me?


And now I think maybe you were right. I have not wanted to go to that temple, though. She has finally been speaking to me again.


I'll cast Cure Wounds at third level.


Just buck myself against the wall. I'm going to take a couple shots with Bad News.


You know, end of the season and beginning of the season. You know, that sort of stuff. People's weddings, that sort of thing.


I don't know a lot about magic, but I know he has the potential to be very powerful.


It does sound cute.


(sobs) (laughter)


Okay, so don't leave the hut without an umbrella, okay?


I have a sample of her penmanship here if you want to see some more of it.


Boy, that's got to suck.


I'm great, I'm good.


Run, run, run as much as I can, more with my bonus dash.


It's his penis problem again. What?!


Check it for traps.


And that was with eight points of fire damage. I don't know if that matters.


Sorry. One more time?


All out of luck.


Shorthalt, come here.


Lady Kima. Lady. All right.


I was raised and people were really nice to me, they used to tell me I was special and how important I was and it made me feel nice, so I try and do that for everyone else.


Yeah, like in Whitestone.


11, as well. I roll back, going (squeals).


Don't land.


Let's lean into it.


All over. You just have to know where to look.


That's why I got closer, motherfucker! (laughter and applause)


Are you in town for business or pleasure?


That was so close.


And I slice the dragon's throat! And I say, I am victorious!


Oh my god! Let's travel north, for fuck's sake!


Yeah, get her out of there.


Oh my god, amazing.


Asar.


And I'm going to just full-on grapple him down and hold him for my action.


I chew on Goku's head a lot. I'm a fixated-- it's cool.


Ooh, it hit that, does that count? Can I roll again?


About to die? Yeah.


I'm writing them down in my mind.


You don't think they're going to scurry up the bottom of Kraghammer and tear that place apart?


She was over here.


Where are we right now?


People with kids. You deal with this all the time.


What if we all die and the dragons take over everything?


We've got basilisk eggs.


Crisis averted.


And the question is-- yeah, I'm curious how far she got.


So you're leaving her the weapons but no ammo?


Is that lightning available to you all the time? (all yell)


The power of Neil deGrasse Tyson is with you. (laughter)


I just want to wait for one minute and see what progresses.


Ah, that's important.


You go first, yeah. (breathing deeply)


Four globules of light, Dancing Lights. The room is lit up.


(singing) Oklahoma.


God damn it, it keeps happening.


I feel like Grog is getting far more trustworthy.


Okay. Just straight dexterity?


One hit point. Zero is unconscious.


So right now they're focused on the chaos of the temple?


I was with you on that one.


I'm going to be up in a tree.


Do we want them to go through one at a time?


What's she paying you? I bet I could double it.


Okay. I'm going to do that.


And krakens, it says right there--


Yes! I'm really in The Explorers.


Doesn't she fail two?


My lack of respect? What happened? How did you ruin us like this?


That was fucking insane. They are not better. Everything is terrible! Our lives are terrible. They are way worse than they were six months ago, way worse. I was with all of you assholes a year ago, and two years ago, they're way worse.


I'm not stepping out yet. I'm looking at the ground. Is it pebbles and rock all the way to the sides?


Let's just find a gift shop, Lady Tyrell doesn't need to hear anything about this. Let's just move on.


Yeah. Um.


I mean, Zephra.


Shouldn't we try and wake up Yasha?


As a funnel? Might not be a bad idea.


Steve, you're the best. Wait, it's going?


Yeah. 2d10 hit points. Max hit points.


We do bring news though, so...


Probably. But then the third campaign begins.


Well, I've probably got about 30 or 40 minutes left on the--


Oh man, that Ashley, she's so... boxy.


Or just him.


Out with this system, new dice.


Do you remember your name?


Is Briarwood keep over there?


You'd be in your stone elemental form, it'd be no problem for you.


Do I-- oh, do I know? I have an arcana, or would it be nature, or?


Fucking do it.


Interested but scared.


(Gasps) Oh, Keyleth!


Who says that? Zsundie?


What happened to you, Percy?


Can I say that because I prepared it, I can be like, "Here's my book. You can borrow it. I wrote it down. I know you know it."


The cloak?


Well, I'll hush up around your sister, but it's just us right now.


Tell him he's very ugly.


I want Doty with a fake nose. That's all I want.


What about the wand of plus one, for the spells?


Yeah, like you had a peep window or something.


"When-gay."


Thordak?


As long as it's green, you're happy, Scanlan!


I run up and I'll cast Cure Wounds on Molly. Then I'm going to run over and do the same thing at level two to Nott. That's six points of healing for you, I'm sorry.


No, hold on. No, I've got copper around somewhere.


Traveler take the wheel.


Press him.


Exactly. It's going to take several days, and I'm sure we're going to need their help.


Grog, Grog, easy. Easy. They're not ghosts, they're not ghosts. They are supernatural spirits-- some would say ghosts-- that are good, they serve us, they serve me--


No parents? You're an orphan?


(singing) It's Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Heart Club Band.


So, they're going back. Do we move on?


She says as she destroys everything.


Yes, that sounds about right.


But you still get to fuck him up.


That's gone as soon as he's done fighting.


Okay. I'm going to take my last attack.


Sweet! I whisper, and I direct it a little bit. It comes down, and it grabs a knob? A handle?


I join him.


That does not sound good.


I rolled a full four, so that's four plus eight plus-- That's 13, 19, 24, 28, 32, 34--


Transport a treasure. Escort a muckety-muck. A revenge plot. A classic dungeon crawl. Oh, this one I'm looking forward to! Solving a mysterious riddle.


Straight shot.


I just want you to be part of the team.


Oh, he's got a keen sense of smell, so he's got advantage on smell perception.


Aw, come on!


I rolled a natural 20. (cheering)


Sneak attack? MATT Sure. Technically, yeah, because these are considered one space, there.


Ability check, on any ability checks.


Ten, 18, what's that? 30, 35. 35.


Cobalt Reserve, he said twice.


I'm sorry! You're throwing a lot at me!


Now, question. If I fly past the dragon to Delilah do I give the dragon an attack of opportunity?


Can I please get the changes to take? Yes, okay. Okay, that sucks. I will bonus action disengage!


Oh, that also means he takes his bleed damage this turn.


So are we resting?


Which we came through.


Can Keyleth go over and check out the Sun Tree?


No, he was a genasii.


You can have it.


All right. I feel so inspired by Scanlan's bardic tunes--


Yeah, you were doing it.


Eight points of damage.


There's nothing magical here, at all!


E3's next week!


You're not a rat, though.


So Fjord, you're very acquainted with seamen then? Having been on the water for so long?


I speak two languages!


Loot Crate. Magical Loot Crate.


The Widow's Embrace


That would be a feat I would take if I ascended to godhood.


(whispering) Please, Vax. Please.


Would you like some mitts?


Stay!


Okay, I'm going to run up and go  Keep going! You're doing great! I'm going to touch her arm and cast level three Cure Wounds.


Defend themselves, yeah.


What do you mean, like me?


I cast Call Lightning and bring a lightning bolt right down on its head.


I'm considering it.


We just opened Pandora's box.


Do we see the inside of the gazebo-type structure?


Part of the plan!


Grand merci.


Super-duper.


Yeah. I had dreams of a place that I need to go to.


That weirdly makes me feel better. I'll disengage straight up, then.


Do we reset our max hit points when we take a long rest?


71 minus seven...


Nine. Three.


You know what I was thinking, it might not be good. It might not be good. Let's just ride, we have the horses, we can't leave the horses behind. We only have--


Spicy fruit! It's spicy fruit.


Thadeus Candleglow?


We're just going to leave hole in his head like Phineas Gage?


I have a grappling hook.


Literally pine cones. It was street.


Naked and running in full steam.


I put my bottle away. "I don't know. It's a good question. I mean, I don't see why not."


I would have pockets on the front of my dress, and maybe a little pouch on my hip.


18 temporary hit points?


On the new pretty die.


Are they from here?


What're you doing?


He could duck in.


And Grog is dead.


I feel-- wow. That Trish is-- she's a lot of woman. How'd you guys do?


Yeah, we do look like quite the motley crew.


Platinum is for the trammels.


We got the last six guards that are totally awesome.


It's a beard.


We've fought-- Oh, you've fought those before. (laughter)


Help us kill this thing.


Who is she?


But are there any on the ceiling?


Healing Word. Can I do level two? That's 2d4 plus six now?


It wasn't kept in its neoprene sleeve.


My saving throw modifier is plus 11.


So long, pawns.


But do it by yourself.


Royal stuff.


So I can fly if I'm on Trinket, right?


Can I roll an insight check and see if it's him?


And I'll throw three daggers at it.


This is getting ridiculous.


14 for Trinket. I rolled a one.


You can move the carpet forward, though.


If they block it with their magical little crystals all over the place, then they'll also know we're here and they will attack us.


No..


Look at Taliesin right now. Just look at him.


I just want to take a handful and look at them.


Did he make it? How far did he get?


My despair is growing by the second with those words that you just uttered.


(singing) Gern, Gern, It's Gern. It's Gern time!


Grab this unicorn by the horn.


Let's do this. Let's build Dis city.


But we literally just got back from telling them to be ready to move tomorrow morning.


I go and shut the door.


No, you don't want to get pantsed. We did not kill everything entirely. There are some critters on the roof of the river passage. Nothing major, you just want to have your eyes on the ceiling as you go through.


Wait. You can go invisible. Is it magic? Can you tell?


I can use the rest of my actions?


Then don't help.


Do you trust Fjord and Molly?


Somebody should probably write this down.


No, you can't have it.


That's pretty frickin' cool.


This is amazing, Keyleth.


Thank you, Katya.


You see through it.


He was like, who's Shaun?


I'm going to skip the next one and go straight to Travis. Sorry, Liam, you lose. No, I'll do Liam's, too! One of these is a Kama Sutra position. The other three are beasts! Which is a Kama Sutra position? The Flying Snake, the Curled Flower--


I'm going to move on to the next one.


Nothing to speak of.


I think it just burns.


Have we heard of Skork?


17 for the first one. And then what do I do, just double the second?


I'm just trying to wait for the first crossbow bolt, and I'm going to hit them with a Vicious Mockery.


So racist.


I saved one level eight spell for such a thing.


Okay, so I'm going to do it at sixth level.


See, that sounds like our speed. Not conscripting into fighting on the front lines.


Percy, you get dice.


Oh, okay, well, yeah. I'm going to do the same thing with the big hulking guy.


No, it doesn't!


Ass cloud.


The night is young. We're going to do a rebroadcast.


My beard of glory.


All right. Back to the keep then, I guess. When we get there can we check in on Gilmore and the queen?


Sure, sure. Standard spelling. What about anyone else I need to know about? Who you were familiar with or had a relationship with?


Okay. Do I see a little door, a little hole near where I'm standing?


Okay. Two. Six. Okay, eight.


I'm great with a bed.


We know that the one place she isn't is in here.


I think I'm all right. I think I may be all right.


(stuttering) That hits.


Yeah. Tradition.


It's like a jello mold of brains.


Phil's the worst.


I could make walls of stone. I can make little-- But also keep in mind, anything that I do, he'll notice. And the whole point to this is to not make our presence known at all.


Are they magic, Scanlan?


Does it help?


Oh no, oh my god, right now.


Oh, you know what, though? Before we go any further, I remind Pike that Vax's foot damage needs daily repair, doesn't it?


Damn, this place is really big. And it's encased in stone, yeah? Kind of, right? Were we encased in whitestone? Right?


Shoot him, Percy!


Do we Plane Shift?


(gasps) Two?!


Yeah, Wednesday Club next week. I don't actually know what we're doing, because I haven't looked at the 30-plus messages in that text thread, because I've been working on a thing that I can't talk about yet that's going to be really, really great.


Oh, good! They came to us.


Just a suggestion, we don't have to do this, I'm not even sure how I feel about it, but I have just learned how to create a somewhat spectral servant to me, one that is unseen. I could send it in to poke about and if anything is going to happen, it could happen to it first, instead of us.


We're going to crack out the good old Dust of Tracelessness since there's knee-high snow?


Three options. Are we forgetting anything?


I'll be in the very back.


Yeah Nott's covered in ash.


Okay, I thought it was a-- okay, great! Fine. Love it. Okay, so.


You think we should call out to the werewolves for what purpose?


Okay, that is a 13.


12 initiative, Wu Tang out.


Matt Oswalt, that would be such a fun guest!


I could lend you my whip if you'd like.


You got to make a save to get outta the way. With inspiration.


You do go alone. No, you do not get help.


No. I was raised by them--


I like parties.


I guess a scorpion, a scorpion sounds good? Scorpion. Giant Scorpion.


No, it's too much. Too much. Not cool.


Oh my gosh.


It's like fishing line coming out of his face.


Oh, thank god for that. Natural. 20. Look at it. The first one was a one.


Is it flying?


I'll take care of this.


Oh, Blessing, who needs a Blessing?


I'm-- There is nothing I can do.


I did, as a crocodile.


So Move Earth would not work?


Already? What time do you open tomorrow?


I suck at everything.


Then I'll walk around the other side of the pillar so I get a good clean shot. Am I within 30 feet? I want to be within 30 feet.


Pull Grog.


The wisdom saving throw was something in the beginning.


Oh, you did a rail of soul, huh? Okay. Sweet!


Oh, he's the best at arcana.


In block letters? Can’t be traced to anyone? That sort of thing?


But the gate down there?


Come on, fight the big cocksucker.


I really don't like being used. Who's at the bar? Is there anyone at the bar?


Oh. Yeah, well it was the damnedest thing. I just touched it. Like, you know. Didn't know if it was rough or smooth or cold. Didn't expect to be like (glass shattering) ah! None of that shit. Boop!


I could tell by the bone structure--


That's significant.


I collect them back and put them in my bag.


That is the most peasant-looking direwolf ever.


(whimpers) I'm so upset that I have to do this.


The dad joke works!


Why does he got to describe it and make it sound so interesting?


I can make you invisible. You can fly us down through the cavern, but you're going to have to be super stealthy.


Oh my gosh, it's the new art book! Oh my god, it's gorgeous! I took it out of the Ark of the Covenant, and here it is!


We know that because we're pirates too, and we know those things.


Ooh! Vax just said we should go!


Yeah, thank you, Caleb. Appreciate that.


That's ten. I'm up ten points. Hit points.


Whoa! Get out of here, dragonborn!


Pike and I come in wearing fun buns, hungover. My face hurts.


That's a planet, that one. That's another place.


You're fine.


And this is plus 10, already?


Three hours.


Can I make a roll to see if I happen to have some on me?


No! I'm making perfect sense.


Yasha? We're going to need those weapons back.


I've been holding an action, right? Can I burn that as a dash action?


Well, we healed her, she's still just--


I wonder if it looks like-- you can still tell that there's boobs from the inside.


He wanted to come.


Around my glorious beard?


Er, yes. If you wouldn't mind, I would be very--


Okay, that went off the rails.


There's Gilmore, we could talk to him. Allura? Maybe she can help.


Just wear a robe!


I may have already moved. I didn't think of that.


Do whatever you want to do.


No! I don't want to fucking talk to her, I want to have her back! (laughter)


Yes. Before I do anything, I am going to throw up a Sky Write above the city.


No, I got that. Yeah.


See if you can find a false door or something.


Let's start heading that direction, and I want to skin this creature.


These are my friends, by the way.


Are there dark corners that anybody could be hiding in, or another room?


I'm in a rage, I take the pot still on my head, and I pick up my ax, and I draw one gigantic smash through the roof of the building.


With all my strength.


Is there anything that pays much, much more than that?


Okay, and that's a natural 20. (cheering)


Want to go see?


Ah, right. There's another one of those guys over there!


You know, my brother doesn't snore.


Do I feel anything?


We need his head in the game.


Oh, and you're with me. Let's both fly to the door.


Do I know what this spell is?


No joke. Especially since we just got here.


He was a fiend.


Can't hear from the blood pumping in his ears?


It looks like writing. What's it--


What about Fatty, did he succeed?


It's very clear.


I nod his head yes.


I've cocked this thing three times!


(computer voice) I'm sorry, I can't help you with that, Vex'ahlia.


Is there a door or a window on the back at all, or is it just like--?


Oh, balls.


I will smack him. And then I'm going to do nine damage to that boy.


Want to take Kraghammer.


Duchess of the Grape Hunt, what a wonderful title.


(gasps) You should have transformed into a fly.


Sorry. Doing the best I can. Sorry.


We're at home.


No whammies. Ten?


Oh, just the same announcements from last week. Which is all the stuff that's available at GenCon is now available in our store. So you can go in there and check out some maps that are amazing. We have the Wildemount maps, now available, by Deven Rue. They're really beautiful. We've got pins and we've got t-shirts and we've got bumper stickers that are praising the Traveler's name.


Can I get within-- yeah, I definitely can. I'm going to fly up and get within 50 feet of this dick.


Guys, I'm so glad we won DND. We beat it.


He appears in another game. Somewhere in Deep Valley.


We not asking him to join, while we were thinking about having you join.


Oh, yay! Really?


I very much remember that, Scanlan.


Matt, just manage the ten people and three creatures on the field right now and you'll be fine.


Should I take up the rear?


We're going to do this.


I'm grabbing Nott by the scruff and dragging her up the stairs.


Pike has Ioun's. You have mine, right? And then the Raven Queen's is the janky one.


It's a rakshasa.


I get in with Nott. In the Yasha boat.


Algar. But we should still go there because we can maybe kill two birds.


I guess I'll just pack it with mud and rocks, right?


19 plus four, 23.


You feel bad?


The research journal? The research one?


Hold. I saw movement. Off to our side, 40 to 50 feet into the trees.


What? Natural one?


Well, not a lot of people know who he is yet, so really, no, I don't think I'll get in trouble.


I have a similar book, that I used--


Oh, if he runs away I can cast a spell on him.


And you're sure we can't talk you into going? Percy's giving out titles.


No, not that fucking red-- this one. Yes, that one. Jesus. And the one behind it.


Oh, that's right. I saw. Some of that I had my ghostwriter write for me. I have a biographer and a ghostwriter.


I grab a half a mug of ale off the table and say, "Dwarven compatriots, we could not have expected a better welcome here in Kraghammer! We'll see you tomorrow night for round two. Thank you, one and all."


We're off the rails, here.


Let's not say anything in here that we wouldn't want to be circulated.


Caleb, I think it's a hallucination. Fluffernutter.


We couldn't even walk across town!


I know, but I don't do these things. 11.


Also very excited to be here on Ravenclaw Appreciation Day: the best house, of course.


13 plus two. 15.


Yeah. I kind of like having--


He's a witch, Sam. You know this. He sees the future.


Oh, it lifts!


Vanessa has to have maps somewhere.


Are you serious?!


I know, that would've been so cool.


Did you keep anything? From what you found?


Apparently five gold is a great going rate.


Yeah, you're a talker, I'm not.


Gore!


It's already my turn?


What do we see?


To Beau?


Seems like you all had your own individual motives for why you were part of the Knights of Requital. You sure yours was just because you wanted to be the High-Richter?


Take out a wheel!


(robotic voice) Whatever Keyleth wants, Keyleth gets.


Why do you have one eye missing?


Black ooze.


Did I ever get on the initiative order?


Them's the breaks. Them's the breaks.


By the way, we're supposed to go to the left.


Yeah, and I'm clicking one boot against the other as I run up it, so I'm going faster, run up, and I'm going to jump and I'm going to start stabbing into that head.


What do you mean, unnatural?


All right. Scry!


That's a terrible idea. Let's try gold. I would have felt very foolish.


Maybe there will be time to run to the Fire Plane really quick.


Puppy crime.


I'm gonna get on the carpet and offer it to anybody who likes.


Fuck it, let’s burn an Action Surge. This’ll be funny.


She's leaving us, it's the best life choice.


That's my armor class, 17.


Yes, thank you, Scanlan. I got a big seven. (laughter)


So we're talking negotiation or bullshitting our way. One or the other--


And I'll take five. Five gold, I've got Jester.


You're always here.


I can reload!


Unless I hear otherwise, I'm making a controlled descent towards the ground.


We walk south.


I agree. What were you doing down here? We ourselves were comin' down trying to rescue folks.


We have no intention of anything funny.


Northeast of what?


I'm underground, right?


So I'm going to put one of the Gate Stones in a corner, so it's not so obvious. Yep. And then you guys have the other one.


I stick him in my little pocket.


Why does he still work here?


Many things are possible, though.


So there's something connected to the top of the temple that's caging the Elder Brain?


I'm going to dispel the Fly. But I'm going to hold the Telekinesis for the ten minutes I can on Grog. I'm not going to do anything, I'm just going to keep that spell going.


The whole walk over, I've been talking a lot, mostly to Trinket. You know, scratching him behind the ears, saying, "Buddy, you've been trapped in there a while. It's good to see you out."


(quietly) How does he do that? How did you do that?


Forget about it.


Well, she's very nice. It's lovely to meet you. I'll curtsy.


--and puts light up in the tree out there with her.


You mean like plant something?


She and I are booking it for the door.


Do you know what they've done to the ground here? Do you know why nothing grows?


Does he take only magical damage?


What else does Slow do?


Yeah, superior.


Trees don't fart out here?


And if I may, I suggest Tiberius, you work your Light spell, and Vex'ahlia and I scout ahead about 60 or 70 feet, so that we can see in the dim light, catch anything coming, using your magic.


Wow, this thing's amazing!


It's a thing.


"A bear tax?"


All right, works for me.


Where's your sword, Grog?


Although we could throw you in a net and act like you were dinner.


Yes, we should.


See what's going on, yeah.


Yeah, it's also got a thing on it that hooks to me that Percy made.


Evasion, but we'll do it.


What would we like to ask it?


You know, it's not for you, Percy.


You get one, and you get one! And I'm going to fail.


Do we own anything red? Grog?


Now we're in this for a dying bird?


Do we know of any museums or places with magical items in Port Damali?


Dexterity modifier, 11, so I can reduce it to three points of damage. I still got hit, so.


I'm not a cook.


Oh god! I Turn Undead.


All sailors know of The Shrew.


They're so young! They're innocents.


Body of my guy. Is he sort of handsome?


They have high constitution, that's what you said?


Fucking amazing.


No, we're right outside the Sun Tree, just before we've left Whitestone.


(hoot owl call)


I punch him in the face!


But we'll be back. We'll do stuff next week.


Aldor is no longer talking, right?


Let's keep it in the bag of holding for the time being.


Is he, in fact, trim?


I think I'm neutral good.


Attach it to the back of the horse. Go!


Going back to the question of my favorite thing about D&D, because that kind of got segued out. Aside from the people, I think that it's something really fantastic-- not to sound cheesy-- and magical when a group of grown adults can get together and use their imagination and have an amazing time, and my favorite thing about Dungeons & Dragons is when you walk away from it, and especially after you've slept on it and after you meditate on it, it's pretty much real. It's just as real as other things we do in our day-to-day lives. If you guys noticed how excited we got when we were like, "oh my god, you guys haven't met Gilmore yet." And all of us went, "oh my god. Gilmore." And we all got excited over an NPC.


It says, 'Each beast is considered fey.'


Sorry sorry sorry! (laughter)


I can put a stink bomb inside. Really stinky, not like what you call my stink pouch.


Okay. Okay okay okay.


Pass Without a Trace.


Is it curved? No. The whole room isn't curved. It's a square room.


You did two.


I have a question for Astra.


How many people were still standing?


(whispers) Yeah.


No, you know what? Vecna's right. I'm really worried about our family. We should all split up and go be with our families right now.


Had a little too much of Percy's hooch? What's the matter?


Whoa. Glass houses, and all of that.


Get some healing and stuff, boy.


Is there land off to the sides of the bottom of the waterfall?


Great job, Grog!


Wasn't terrible. What is that?


But he's not poisoned?


Scanlan here yet?


One luck.


That ends my go.


The Enforcer!


(chanting) Level five! Level five!


Nein!


Is that goliath wielding any sort of visible weapon?


Can they do that?


I understand. A scholarly mind is not a thing to shirk. Doty, write out my name in the finest calligraphy and give him a page.


I just give a little squeeze.


What was she asking questions about? What did they want? Was it just a political coup?


You get cold. Oh, I run back in and try to get some warm clothes for Kiri.


Shh, shh, shh!


Sechs.


What?! What?! No, but what? Shit! Why are we following him, then?!


I crawled up, but then, once he took off again, then I stayed.


Yeah? (laughter)


Nott, I have a question for you. The plan is not foolproof, but on our side over here, Beauregard's going to throw the asshole off the wall. If you shoot your asshole and he does not die but starts screaming, what do you do?


We're whispering, she can't hear us.


All right, then for my bonus action, I'm going to hide, as well.


So you’re naked with a shield and a mace.


Is he already gone?


Okay. Ooh, that's good. Perception. 20.


Rock climbing check.


That'll do. Wisdom saving?


Sorry, level two Gust of Wind.


Yeah, how did you do, Tary?


Yeah. On three?


Temporary.


Will you go with me to the ladies' room so we can powder our noses together?


Okay, last time I tried to scry on Scanlan, everyone gave me a lot of grief about it.


Let's go glamping. But as long as I can sleep afterwards.


Yeah, you think?


Man, you always have the shittiest initiative!


(yells) Reckless, Great Weapon Master. (laughter)


I'm going to head towards where we anchored the boat.


We're good to fuck them up, I think.


It's a hug-worthy moment. This is a good day.


Time is of the essence.


This is the Winnie the Pooh of krakens. It's just trying its mild calisthenics to just try and make things.


Oh, I'm talking about your magic.


(groans) He peaced out.


I'm going to start walking towards it and dagger, and dagger, and dagger.


I'm just floating downwards.


(sings) When we have to fight the ooze, you'll never have to lose.


No, I know that. Did you send any fireballs at doors again like you've done in the past, or--?


You’ll stick with the scales.


I think an extra day of walking around this city could potentially save us years in hell that--


32 total? And yeah, am I able to like barrel roll, like through the window?


Everybody's doing something different.


T-shirts are sold out!


I'll come down closer.


It was up Will's butt.


Should I cast Pass Without a Trace on us?


Oh, please don't. Really, we just left the building because we wanted to go--


(whispering) He's not very good at talking. Would you like someone to come and translate for him?


Chaos. Chaos.


I don't know where to go. We can't go above ground because we're dead.


Before the wound closes.


People were still laughing.


I would love to know what that is.


I fucking cast Locate Creature!


Welcome back.


No, I want to shove him in a closet or wrap him up in something.


It fills up the room?


You know what, so sorry. I was casting that at a three.


Okay! Your abs are nice, Vex!


23, so half of that is 12. 11.


Shakäste's here.


What responsibility? We're all carefree Joes and Jills here, right?


We need to go in that room?


Secrets?


See home?


It's so exciting. I can't wait to go to the mess hall and tell everybody, many times, over and over, how this happened together. And you guys, this has been an amazing journey. Thank you.


I kick Scanlan again, for sheer joy this time.


Of course. It's my destiny. I met you all to become an adventurer, and now I'm bringing my knowledge back to my people. It's like it was written in a book.


Gerald Butler. (laughter)


While he does that, can we, no we can't take a short rest. It's not enough time.


No, this one was the glowing one.


Beauregard, don't you think they should be reunited with their father who loves them very much, and wants to be with them?


Oh, that's expensive.


How big is the boulder?


They're so cute!


That's a winner.


Oh my god, that would be so cool!


Various other sailors. Our captain.


Gross!


You've been banished to another dimension. You can punch your way out of it.


Shit! Storm!


That's much worse.


What else do I have to do?


I want to attack them so bad, but I know we need to go.


Oh, that's right. We did transform. Okay, sure, you can take the carpet.


People have different preferences, and that's one.


Well, the thread will allow me me to know if someone I didn't want to be in here came in here. (distant clattering)


Can I go find one?


Is she in your bag?


So you're not coming up.


So I wave at her. (laughter)


We thought we were superstars.


Everything's going to be all right.


She is tax-exempt.


28 on the sneak attack damage only.


You're so welcome.


Kill a kraken!


Are we by those fruit trees again?


That's what we should do!


The bubble.


These two have to be the first to go down.


Move on?


Is anyone on the platform?


Jester, do you know anything about this tower?


Can I try?


Scanlan and I have been alone.


Scanlan, you should remember that line, that's a good one.


(sighs) Well, if there are any, we follow it back to the source.


I didn't know about the one after Jester. I'm sorry.


We'll count it back when we're--


I want that one.


And then it just fell a-fucking-part! I mean, no, I killed it, don't worry, but then as I was doing it, I was like, Maybe I shouldn't be killing it? I don't know what I'm supposed to do. And then I tried to talk to it, and it just didn't sound like it was listening to me, and then it went away, and it might have been going away, 'cause I asked it to go away?


Right in the noggin.


We're still obscured, Beau and I?


Has it been an hour?


Wait, we're killing them? Even the shop owner?


So if we wear helmets, it's not gonna help us.


It ruined our show.


Yeah, it's called "jungle rot."


What's your definition of bohemian?


I have two failures and one success. So guys? Heal me. Heal me now.


This is precarious, you guys!


And Keyleth just is barely--


You said there are a lot of people that look like me.


What I'm saying is perhaps--


Can you try and hold on to the branch?


It feels like a farmer's market. It feels like certain people sell things whenever they got them.


What does the digestive juices look like?


(fire burning)


Okay, okay, okay. I'm going to dart, I'm going to do, um...


Oh, shit, already? Oh god.


Can I do a check on him and see if I make him feel better?


Yeah, that was pretty cool. Got a little pee in my pants right now.


No, you have to pick up on the subtleties of the human expression to get this stuff. Jester and I saw it. It was definitely suspicious.


Wait, I have a question. When we're paralyzed, does that mean every attack against us is a critical?


Son of a bitch. Yeah, okay.


Cool, that was nice. Do I have a second attack?


That's why I said Marisha.


Nott the Brave, are you coming with us?


So two for each of us! That's great.


I'm going to try milk.


Bitty Beau.


Vote, yes.


17! Who are you?


I'm going to run up to the cage. Do I still see them? Through the portcullis?


You were a child actor, too.


Trinket's pretty low (laughs).


We need earth elemental stats if you know where they are, by the way.


Can I do a spell attack on him? It's just melee, right?


It’s really shiny.


Ah. Yes. Perhaps it's time we take our leave.


Magic marker on paper.


They don't.


Do you see many goblins walking around cities here?


I named them  Loo, John, Crapper, and Toilet.


Yeah. (rasping) You are going to be buried here! I hit him again. Four points of psychic damage.


But we can-- Grog, please.


But if I don't complete the third pact, or if we don't activate the second or the third pact, then I'm fine--


One more in here. Is there any bullshit hiding around in here? 29.


I'm literally covered in them.


Can I take the tapestry off? The wall? I want to like take it and put it over my shoulders and jump a little.


Did it sound like anyone we knew?


South of Westruun, yes.


(laughs) So are you darling, so are you.


Should we write these numbers down?


I'm going to cast Control Water. Where do I see Percy? Is Percy and Vax together?


Five damage.


I'll come down with you, that's fine.


46 points of piercing damage.


I know! They didn't even give a shit!


And I don't care for you to finish that sentence! I cast Fireball. Right fucking-- Right on him.


Just circle him.


Can I make my way over to Scanlan to go check on Lady Briarwood?


Range on that is 60 feet.


If you say it, it makes it true.


Very obviously holding and petting my cat and looking at all three of them as we walk by.


It was so much fun!


I'm going to-- yes.


We can see through the fire.


The luxurious life.


There has to be something more that they want.


The straightest edge.


I have an Unseen Servant. Do you need a servant? I make an Unseen Servant for him.


Yeah, we all popped our blessings. Yes, Pelor! 12 radiant damage. Woo!


Probably not within a thousand feet.


We'll never know until he and Ripley kill us all.


Are we still being attacked by these things?


13?


I agree. Our play is the finish line. That's it. Not a moment before.


Are those the guys who were with us, the envoys?


Wasn't the deal!


Nine? Okay, great.


Better! And I'm going to see if I can-- Is there anything? I've got two more shots.


Five hit points. That's good.


Can you explain? I don't think I understand.


So it's only one foot? Two feet? Three feet?


I'm not wasting Luck on it.


I'm going to head to the surface. I don't know what's...


Did anybody see that guy?


Does that mean it's not restrained?


Hey, Tary.


What kind of magic, school of magic, is it?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go.


Is that some sort of weapon?


So shallow priest's AC is down by two, disadvantage on dex saves, and he can only do an action or a bonus, not both.


Well, I wrote it for you.


Okay I'll get another ten feet closer.


I'm not good at that.


I said no. I said no, because I was like, you've got to drink, all the time, and this, and he just wasn't up to snuff. That, and I should not be teaching anyone anything. So then I went to the Slayer's Take, right, in search of big game. And I had fun with that for a while, but it just wasn't quite the same. It wasn't crazy-ass, you know, ancient dragons or nothing. It just wasn't quite up to snuff. But I did have my curiosity about the Deck of Many Things piqued. So, at some point along the way, Vex's warnings ringing in my ears, I found a nice drunk sap to--


We took some of Molly's gold.


Quiet.


I don't think I'm-- I'm not within 60 feet of any of them, am I? No, I guess I am to throw a thing. Can I use my bonus to move a little bit further onto the top of this tree?


I don't believe in them, but I believe in the cause right now, and we'll see how far that takes us.


It's super open, two guards guarding the dock and two people on the deck of Tiffany's ship.


Remember, I'm a Darrington. I can walk into any establishment and find a young lass who has heard of me and take her home for the night.


Now he has to roll damage.


What, ten or higher we go?


Yeah, because you said it wrong. Speaking of Talks Machina, though-- No, that wasn't Talks Machina. When I announced these shirts on Talks Machina. My brain. There's a new shirt for Talks Machina. You should check it out in the store. It's got "Stay Turnt" on it. It's a thing for Talks Machina.


I do get advantage?


How did my holy arrow do?


Back to the alcove, then?


They better not sink!


Yes. Well, that's my third-- Third attack is to reload. I keep track, I'm good. 21 points of damage.


All we're saying is, help us help you. What exactly have you seen before this day? More of the same? Or other creatures?


Talk about the dream?


Give me the papers.


Is it far?


Are you going to grab it from him?


Let's buy them all out.


Not to damage, though.


I have an idea! I have an idea.


Do you have a topical cream? Nevermind, that's a different problem.


And Cali, right?


All right, we've all rested up.


He erupts.


I'll do the same.


I'll give you a hint  your prize is attached to my mug.


Canary in a gnoll mine! (laughter)


He is abundantly real.


(breathes deeply)


I think it is this one right here.


I think that's the way to go.


Last turn.


We're a big fan of what you do.


Then it's not that healthy, is it? It's like agave.


Whichever way you want to be facing.


Come with me outside, okay?


But what, he’s impervious to spells? How did that happen?


Sure, I know. Are they within striking distance?


I smack the back of your head again. And it's hard because I'm angry right now.


Prison assault.


Heavens to Murgatroyd.


Okay, so we also got-- let's look. This sword.


Can I give him a War God's Blessing and give him a plus ten?


Oh, the one next to me. Thanks!


The only people that are in the light--


But you have secrets too! And you're a pair! You know, I distinctly remember a moment when we were the shady pair of this group. But now it looks like you guys are!


I'm into it. I'm really into it.


Sumalee. Sam and I were talking about bullshit before the beginning of the game, and I forget the context but he was talking about you and I said, "No, she's never played. She played one practice game before this," and Sam's brain went (explosion).


Of Jor-El damage. (laughter)


Just having a chill. It's just to chill up there. It's nice.


I'm going to work on the boat.


I'm going to cast Dancing Lights and scour the room. Is there anything we're missing?


Natural 20. You fucking dick, necro guy!


I am whaling on its head.


Let's maybe move away from the entrance.


Well, I rolled three times, because there's three rays. Do I use the spell modifier for this, or not?


I know. 20 points for the first one. Oh, plus sneak attack! 24 points. Two of those are lightning.


(whispers) He does.


Understood. Well, I only came here for business, so--


Yeah. Okay. Hey, oi! So do I create a distraction while you go around back? Do we go in guns blazing? What's the plan? I can distract.


I love you very much.


Well, we sort of know what we're going into.


No one has any other type of Guidance or anything?


(muffled) Help me, I'm an orphan!


Can I do a nature check to see if I can figure anything out about the nature of the attack?


What do I do in this situation? I trust them, but I also trust them?


Well, I know we share everything, but I feel like the ladies of the group would enjoy them more. Maybe we just take them? The ladies of the group?


That is 18.


Did I? No. Do I see any blacksmithing tools, anything that I would use to hammer this?


Which is which?


It's beautiful. And growing.


Yeah 2d10, yeah?


It did, but I think that probably made a lot of cultists go away.


That was a really good wookiee noise.


I've seen a lot of diamonds in my day.


We're left behind.


He just puts it away.


Nott! Quick, let the lock on the sewer thing, let's go!


How much?


You have inspiration!


It's on the way. I say we at least stop by and scout it.


Gonna wait for Tary.


Yeah, I go and find him and tell him to start setting up as many beds as he can, as many in the cathedral that we have to-- In the chapel. To maybe give some of these people places to stay for the time being.


This is nothing.


Nah, we're walking out of this city, miles.


Don't you worry. We have come from far and away. You would not believe the shit we have been through, but I don't want to talk about me. I want to talk about you. What has been going on in this city since we've been gone?


A few hundred years? Is there some sort of weather pattern or natural phenomenon that is responsible for this?


I didn't fuck it up this time.


Describe it to me. I've read a bit. Explain it to the goblin.


Well, look, if there are undead cannibal dwarves or whatever in the crypts, don't we need clerics to deal with them?


I would also think, what idiot was just flying behind the back of this dragon on a chain? What a fool.


Yes, we do. They will be releasing one week after we are live. We'll be one week behind.


Thanks, boyfriend!


"We shouldn't test the fates, let's flip a coin." (laughter)


Maybe we can get a chip implanted in him so we can track him all the time.


Yeah, but that could have been a gentle nod.


I think we're just both really snooty, which is why we kind of hang out.


Wait, does Doty roll? I forget. No, he just goes when Taryon does.


Yeah. Ah, where are Grog and Taryon?


Play it out. Just play it out.


I will say it did get out of hand. And if I had known then what I know now, I would hope that you would restrain me in those moments where I seem to be going further than I should.


But do it with a flair! (laughter)


I bet that the people in the Knights-- previously Knights-- they would know where Lord Sutan lives.


Okay. Chain Lightning scroll. It's the biggest thing I have.


It is filled with so many wonderful things. I promise you. Wait a minute. I do not want him to smell this.


As I slice, I want to slice one wing off, then the other wing off, and then, as I stab him straight through the heart, I will say: no one messes up a deal with Francois Australia!


What is it? Evocation?


Definitely the mushrooms.


Self destruct in 10, nine.


I cast Counterspell as a reaction.


No, because we still want to go down there.


This is coming out of the rift?


We're splitting the party.


That we're about to go into.


For the next eight hours?


I know, and he kills everything.


Whoa, that's a lot.


I start growling a little bit.


To his piece of shit family!


All right. I'm still pretty close to the rakshasa, right?


Right, I can do an interpretive dance.


Pike, do some cool shit!


Like that guy in the beginning of Barbarella.


That is a record. I don't think we've ever had a negative initiative.


Or just a check, right? Just a straight check?


I also don't think this was necessarily a one-person job. Normally there's a couple people doing stuff like that, or one person is a runner, and one person is a looker.


Does it end its turn in the sphere as well?


I walk up to the front of the horse.


Our regards to ToastKing senior.


Me? I'm going to shoot my storm arrow. I'm going to shoot from my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel. At Lord Briarwood. At Sylas.


Hopefully.


And I saw Keyleth cast that spell, yeah?


Oh. No, it's not!


Yeah. Let's--


So we've got this pyramid. And there's this cross beam, you said, right Matt?


I will say I had a cat dress up as my character, so the bar is pretty high.


Let's get to the door, heat it up--


Okay. I'm going to run over there behind the chain golem where Vex is. I'm going to do a perception check. I guess I'll check out this last door.


Sold.


No, I rolled a three, so I'm at seven.


At one of the meetings.


(whispering) He's very nervous right now.


After the unboxing?


Yeah, which ones are everybody’s rooms?


I grab my ear and, Keyleth, I heard you through Tiberius' earring, why don't you just become a bat and follow along?


It was just words.


We're not bringing him to us. We're leaving him here, but we're putting him somewhere appropriate.


A few miles is better.


Do it, do it, try it.


(tink)


I bet they're worth a lot of money, though. Rich people love old things.


Got ten minutes, tops.


Minus five. Okay. Ten, 24, 34, 38. Four points necrotic. 38.


All right, we just fly around then.


Yeah. Yeah, they do.


I forget what it's called.


Yes! My athletics is a two, but I rolled a 19, so 21.


I kinda do a quick, like, Druidcraft gust and dry him off a little bit.


How long does this spell take?


Roll really high, twice.


I'm really glad that we're here in the Feywild, and it's great.


Stress relief.


Bug bomb.


There are ducks in Whitestone!


Yeah, I can send a message.


Or just skip ahead to the dead part?


I know, I miss you guys!


(valley girl voice) They're just, like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check.


What if somebody threw a rock and hit us? We're quite innocent.


Call it out.


You're just teeth-to-teeth! (growl)


We should follow her.


We were in Alfield because that was also when I stole the mail.


The one that you're in.


Miss. 17. (whoosh)


Maybe say it in Celestial.


Oh, yeah. Anything you want to see, as long as you've got more of those stories.


-- cast it on the tip of an arrow and I can shoot it at least 150 feet.


A big icy dog bed.


Well, she has the eye.


I stole a gun from a guard. I've got one bullet.


Well, let's go discover it.


Do you know what area they might have gone to?


Pike can't help in any way?


He's blinded now.


Merkin is a different thing.


She said we're close.


Oh. And then I get another attack.


Tell me this, Dungeon Master. Earlier when I had done my Eyebite thing, I had my cone up here. When he grabbed me was the cone still close to my mouth?


I said one or two, I don't know what that means.


Have I been down here before?


Where is this Raven Queen's temple?


And we also each picked out some of our favorite fan arts that we've gotten.


Did you do it? Did he just do it?


Yes! Ooh! Could we all get sailor's costumes with the bell bottoms?


I apologize for the late flower. Don't be confused. It's me, Grog Strongjaw, wielder of the Titanstone Knuckles. (whispers) I'm in-cog-Cheeto.


No, it was a one in 20 shot.


Are you sure you're--


-- an excellent fitting, uh, addendum.


Did you happen to draft up any of those Knights of Requital documents I asked for? Symbols?


The rebirth of what?


Yeah, get away from things. I'm going to use my bonus action to do a heal.


The only store in the Empire.


This guy has, like, 12 dick-finger eyes. It's all bad. It's all bad.


Do you want an enhancement of your abilities?


And it exploded blood all over the ground underneath his big smile -


And he's poisoned, too, isn't he?


Oh, are we just right back in?


I was here first.


They can adapt. They have to adapt. People have to adapt. And that creature down there, he's doing better. You can't have a society built on slavery.


Vex'ahlia, what is going on down there?


Can you help Vax? You're really close to Vax.


Yeah, yeah, that's what I was talking about!


Fuck this big squid.


Nope, not this round.


Is there a small fart at least?


A toast to mistakes--


I wander over and see if there was a dead body in the other one.


Okay, I'll give it to-- I'll give that to Vax. Do you have poison? Or do you-- Vax or Vex-- I give it to one of the twins. Here, twins. You fight over it. Fight over it.


Yeah, on his dangling earring.


I shouldn't have even said anything, I should've just gone with you. I'm an idiot.


We're all bouncing!


That’s all I can do and my action, and I'm not going to move.


Okay, this is the flametongue.


Oh, easily.


Quite dramatic, isn't she?


Does he use the legendary action before he fails?


Oh, we can't fucking hit him.


I take half damage.


I like it. I chose it on purpose.


Thank you. Is it good?


I go inside the keep.


I can't be 100% sure, but we are sitting atop the thieves' guild. Pike and I have been here before--


Don't worry, it's not weird.


Yes. Five thousand gold.


Vecna has to roll.


I have a plan for this. I have a plan, we're going to take our scrap and we're going to sell it, so that we have some money. We're going to take the good feelings from that money and we're going to spend it on hot water and inappropriate, friendly nudity.


Is he going upwards?


Best I can.


In a fucked up way, I can actually relate to that quite a lot. For me, I've always had my fists, and, man, is it way easier to solve problems when you're beating the shit out of somebody.


I just give Jester a big hug.


Sure, I'll do it reverse next time.


Blackmail!


I think I get it. I'm not going to talk out of turn and I trust your intentions, so--


We'll do recon for the afternoon and then we'll attack tomorrow morning.


Behind them, and make them turn away from us. Because we're in a fatal funnel up here at the top.


It's not surprised?


Nice job, Thing.


Okay. With advantage.


So some of us are stealthing, you're being a big god who talks loud and is riding a scorpion.


Within the next eight hours.


These are the same two books? As yesterday?


She was employed. She's reachable through employment. We can just find out how to reach her.


Oh, eventually.


Yes, and I bamf there.


Should I lie on the ground?


I know where that is.


Okay. Well, with 30 feet, I will take a shot.


(giggles) Oh, stop it.


Tight!


We're going to dive. Yes, dive bomb, dive bomb!


It's not the first time that we've been trusting and been betrayed. Or the second or the third. It's reasonable to be a bit cautious and we were a bit cautious.


I feel like I just learned something.


Oh Jesus, he's going to die!


I think I've got a plan.


Send all of your complaints for not knowing what would happen in the porno shop to @matthewmercer.


Behind him.


Are we unboxing? Are we doing this?


We're going to have to Ghostbusters this.


Don't boat drunk.


I walk up alongside him and say, listen, I know you're not used to weaponry, but take this, please. It's a loaner. And I take my Keen Dagger and I stick it in his hand.


That's great. That's good. I admire that.


I could say  Thordak, I'm in desperate need of pay!


Yeah, that's a pretty big matzoh ball, that one.


Don't tell people that, Artagan.


Yeah, side saddle and then I'm going to-- I don't know why I'm acting like I'm drawing a bow like I'm a bow user because I've never been a bow user, but my name is Beau. I'm going to take two shurikens and do that.


There's worse things than being a kitten, right?


Oh, you got to it!


Okay. All right, cool.


Hang on, let me make sure I'm doing my math right, too. It was 33 points of damage is what you did before, right?


But I did the airhorn!


And we fade to black.


I think I have one left? I think I have one left. So I'm going to use it.


I'll take--


Hey! Internet! There's my natural one.


Awesome. So I'm going to double dash with the spider boots that Percy gave me and I'm going to run up the tower and just go straight, yeah.


Is this how I was fired from the show?


No, we can talk about Kaylie in a couple of days, all right?


Oh good, yeah, thank you. It's an eight, right?


He's not affected by the ability?!


Ohh. I get it. Makes so much sense. Shit. He is huge. Fuck. Now I get it, all right, he's with us. Got it.


Are you going to be naked for it?


Yeah. That bugbear came out of nowhere.


Yeah, that's also dim light though as well. It's not super bright. Unless I--


It's 35 feet.


Knock knock.


What does he want from you?


Okay, but I can tell the direction Nott is running? Or moving?


Is it super windy?


She's already said that she's sent people out to do this work. It wouldn't be that much different, I suppose.


We could go for surprise kill if we want.


Just want to get that out there.


Right, and he's a dick, so the tree probably is too.


Actually, yeah, closer to me. Yeah, there we go.


Charismatic abilities.


Up. Up.


We have everything that we have come here for. What can you possibly offer us that we don't already have?


All right. Let's get out of here. Percy, I didn't wait quite until nightfall.


Take Doty so he can set up the tents.


No, that's a dirty picture.


I will follow my sister's lead. If she attacks one, I send one to another one and two to the third.


Can I use my herbalism kit to get rid of the poison?


A thought I had earlier; point of order-- the first time I did the hut, it was bright orange, but I've learned that I can control that, so through experimentation, I would say if we are ever in a field of grass, the hut would be the color, as close as Caleb can get it, to the grass. It wouldn't be mottled or anything, it would be still slightly abnormal because it would be one solid color. If we are in a stony area, I would try to match the gray. Just something I add to my routine.


Yeah. I go talk to Dad. (laughter)


How do you do that?


It's weird that you're nine feet tall, but your penis is still a cube.


I think that they make sure their leaders might-- I think it's possible, I don't-- I'm nervous. I think it's possible that they make sure their leaders are empathetic by making sure they know pain.


I am going to summon Frumpkin to my shoulder and look through Frumpkin's eyes because Frumpkin, as an octopus, has darkvision. So I will see that way.


But you're a war bard, right?


You got the fancy broom, exactly.


Those are good attacks without sneak attack.


What will the ritual do?


Is it like that Vidal Sassoon commercial? Whip it.


Or cast a spell.


I'm guessing towards the light, is where they are. Scanlan?


I've just started working on a new character tonight. Thank god.


No, I want to wear this pain as a remembrance of my beard.


Then this is a stealth mission.


I'd buy that. Yes, it was proposed.


No, but it will be spending some of your kingdom's money.


They struck during a political--


That I can do, yeah.


Does it look like people are coming in and out of that building?


Well, all over the Opal Archways is this really pretty-- it's a great marketplace and stuff. Lots of shops. I didn't see too much, from my window you could see all the houses. It looked like a quilt. It was beautiful with the roofs. And you could see the ocean, so I know the wharfs are around there, you know?


Clarota!


30 days?! He doesn't even know what a day is!


Of course. We're looking for what to do next with this city. I don't think any of us wish to be the pets of the beast that's now roosting in the heart of Emon.


Nobody's going down there to help Jester?


We got the orb! We also stole some shit.


Where are they? The stairs are up in the storage room, man. That's where we just were.


There are not going to be ten days. We don't need a ten-day Death Ward. We need a one-day Death Ward.


Who's still in there?


Come on, Caduce.


We need transmutation and illusion.


Okay. Can I insight check her again?


You doing okay?


Is it a two-handed sword or a one-handed sword?


Eyes never shut.


That's what these pre-show announcements are, is trailers for those that are late to the stream, they don't miss anything. But, see, Batman vs. Superman, no trailers. Scared the shit out of me. You can't do that to somebody. That's half of the joy of going to the movies.


Well, she said she would. I don't know what you did, dear, but hopefully it wasn't anything too terrible.


Yeah, I was just going to say. Fucking fuck you, David Tennant. (laughter)


We mean to help you! We mean to find our way out, and find our friend. That's all.


Yeah, or like a penguin, so he's like a bird that can't fly and he can only swim.


Speaking of which, do you know-- what's the word for peace? Is there a word for peace? Do you know?


Or-chid.


Bless!


You can't? I thought you could do anything.


I don't get to roll anything?


Maybe he should go in there.


Nancy.


Shit, we're on a boat. We're on a boat motherfuckers!


Well, you just said to announce ourselves, I could announce. Vox--


I'll never figure this out. Dexterity plus--


Oh, you know, 120 feet.


Because of my bracers. No.


With our puny chains.


Yeah, because I'm an angry monster. 21.


I don't know what "at will" means, but I'm very impressed.


She accidentally rolled a d10, so she was re-rolling for a d20, and she rolled a natural 20.


I wouldn't know. I don't even know.


Do they get to know?


A million people go, huh.


No, I'm taking this.


She said fine! I heard her. She said fine.


(singing) Whitestone saw the fire.


Yeah, that's right.


Never know.


I can only do this as a bonus action so that she can have that up, right? Okay, she's going to cast Spiritual Weapon. Should she do it at a second level? Okay, she's going to cast Spiritual Weapon up near the wall as a giant sword that looks like it's on fire.


Well, that's good. Did it wake up the beast?


And I am such a supporter of these guys that I even wrote a song for them.


Yeah, we're in there as well.


We're heading to port regardless. I figure at some point--


So, nothing?


10d4? That's cool.


All right, all right! (laughs)


Do I roll regular damage, plus the Hail of Thorns?


What if he rolls a 20?


I scream. Can I attack?


On the one behind us. The one at the end of the-- behind Fjord.


Third and fourth. That's-- one of them misses, but the other one's 19, the other one hits, the other one is ten.


Yeah, as far as we know, the right means right.


All right, so he gets what he wants and then we see if we get what we want.


He's right there, but go ahead. Go ahead, Pike.


Molly, you've got them impressive swords. You want to do some hacking?


We put an arrow into it.


Wait, you got the dog?


Oh, I'm quite a strong back. Good with rigging, topsail. You name it, I've done it.


I had a vision.


Is there gaff tape in the house?


I've got dope goggles, though.


I'll tell you. My soul is drawn from my body. My body is incapacitated. It is placed within an object that the DM chooses. A Wish spell will tell you the location of the object, but will not reverse the action.


Would I know bloodroot?


How's your family?


I'm real excited, actually. Like, you know, you always want to test yourself to see what you're made of, what is your mettle really like. We're going to find out. We're really going to find out. Nobody else excited?


