Actually, that's true. Nothing's going to change at this point.


At dawn, we swim. Then I'm going to go ahead and cast Water Breathing on all of us now, because it lasts for 24 hours.


All right, I'll go to there and then I will, I'm gonna Hail of Thorns him again.


I'll climb up over the wall and take a shot at the one remaining leopard. A pew pew. 21!


To the Broker. I'm just shooting at the Broker.


18 points?! From a bow shot?


But the shark is so dangerous.


Can I also check-- We already checked the queen? You already checked the queen?


I believe so, yeah.


That's who I was going to attack.


I float down in front of him and slap him across the face.


She has to make a saving throw.


I got a piece of this bark from that powerful lightning that struck it.


No, we were supposed to get rid of the orb.


That does not, because it's a 16.


Ooh, we found one!


That was amazing, actually.


Who hasn't seen a drawing of a squid or a kraken in a fairy tale book? They're disgusting.


Can we go by the bar, though?


You're gonna leave the city, brother?


No, no, don't help him.


Run the canal, run the canal.


Taryon's back in Whitestone having a fucking ball.


I guess I should show you a little bit about how they're built. They're resin. They're cast resin so they've got a little bit of rigid foam in the back so they've got this nice kind of bone marrow look and they're all hand painted by me and hopefully you guys will --


I apologize.


What's up! Look at that segue.


That's not bad, that's 18.


That sounds lovely and I would like to browse there again, but, honestly, Caleb, I am very worried about you. You have passed out twice in the last few days, and unless we get you a healing potion, there is no promise that you will still be alive tomorrow. I think we should go to Natural Remedies. You distract the owner while I go in the back and I steal a healing potion. It's the only way to guarantee your safety.


Shit! I grab Keyleth's wrist and I fly into the air.


It's also been way over a minute.


Bury it like the pharaohs of old?


This egg comes from a very ancient magical beast. If you find yourself in a dire need. Like in that last fight.


Wait, it can be dangerous?


30 feet behind me?


That's what I want to do.


It's possible. 18.


Is everybody sleeping?


Lots of pressure! Maximum amount of pressure!


Go follow her on Instagram! She's great.


All right, Papa, let's go.


I would like to talk to some of the magic users about installing some sort of-- or perhaps helping me install a non-magical dragon raid signal so that the population knows to be quiet, and knows to quietly go underground. In the event of the next fly-by.


How'd it go?


Fuck that place.


Does he have patrols? Does he have wyverns working for him as well, that fly around?


I will inspire Keyleth as my bonus action, I will sing to her, (singing) her blood runs cold, her memory has just been sold, my druid is a centerfold, druid is a centerfold. I don't know. (laughter)


Shit in them.


Okay. The younger one?


Then I'm going to Invoke Duplicity!


If you all don't mind, I suggest we item up a bit, and before we get too late, and we get too drunk, Grog, go back to that lightning -- main-- manor-- lightning cage.


All right. My Boots of Haste have been clicked.


All right. I'm just saying, if there was something, I feel like I would know that.


It was in a case, so I suppose it would be unlikely. Or if it was on its way somewhere, it was probably on the way to the other end of it.


While prone.


Oh, we're going over? By boat? Is that what's happening?


You're going to get sick by the halfway point.


No, I know. It's just not there anymore.


I thought I had a thing I could do! Sorry, one second. I don't have much. As a bonus action, I'm going to-- can I see Caleb?


How did we never know that?


(singing) Guess what I can do! I can make things!


--purveyors for like three years.


Only because I would totally do it if they were both looking and I rolled like shit. I think there's a ship!


Is she bleeding?


Whatever the better number is. Whatever's better: athletics or acrobatics.


You are not here.


Yeah, and each page has like 15 words in it.


You know, I'm just rubbish. I'm just all the time rubbish. (laughs)


So a patrician nose?


Expect the unexpected with Scanlan Shorthalt.


Her reputation keeps her from coming in. What is her reputation?


I am one-dimensional.


Yes, but I'm invisible.


You were amazing.


How will they crack this if they hear us?


Why don't you go ask the guards? I'll go talk to the kitchen staff.


Was that the same time where I ran at the wall and started foaming at the mouth?


But we were going to camp when we got here, right?


Oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm very strong.


Oh no, no, no! Are your Momma & Dad okay? No?


Oh, right. There's multiple doors.


Run! We run.


Hello! We require a meeting with the High Warden.


Is good Percy casting Friends or shadow monster casting Friends?


Including anything that you think would be in more capable hands if they were in your hands.


Medicine check? Oh that's not bad. 19 total.


Two, if he can.


Do you know, do you know what happens when you get full? Like, do you get bigger? Do I get stronger?


And I signal.


Aw, she likes us.


I feel good.


I mean, it seems dangerous, though. How do you breathe in there?


This looks a little dangerous.


Should we follow him? See where he's going?


All right, you had it.


I promise you'll have these back because I cannot lift them. Would you put them on the table for me?


I was young.


Is 15 halved for me for the bludgeoning, or is that already halved?


Then, no thank you. (laughs)


I'll assist. Grog, Grog! Open the bag! (singing) Bigby's Hand will grab the gold. (laughter)


Irena. Where does the pianist live?


No, not you!


I'm leaving some of the muck on some chicken that I took from the kitchen to see if it has any effect on flesh after a long exposure.


The fireball. The meteor.


Everything is over.


Yeah. Thank you.


Does there appear to be a used book section, like trade-ins?


Yeah, he is.


Tiberius, do you speak Underdark?


Mm-hmm. It's going to be a long flight.


This is going to be-- shoot, sorry. My thing got moved around. Apologies. Sorry! This is ruining the dramatic tension. This is a precision attack, so I use a superiority die and I add it to my damage roll, right?


One would assume.


We would have to go to Vasselheim and maybe--


Yeah, I know. I want to know.


Tatonka, yeah!


Yeah, but how are we going to take him out if you use all your spells to find him?


Do you need me to help, as well?


Oh. 11. Sorry.


Maybe something can happen.


So wait, it's insta-dog?


I watch it go down.


All right, I can burrow. You can deflect water and stuff?


That sounds a little shitty, Fjord.


I'm going to make my illusion jump down and start charging at the imp over Fjord.


To wash my hair?


So we would have to sleep out in the open as lizard people.


Character development.


No, it doesn't help.


With the ten, 23.


Can I check around? Look around the keep and make sure-- I mean in the general area and see if anything's missing?


A cantrip. You touch one willing creature once before the spell ends. The target can roll a d4 and add the number to its roll.


Yeah, that's impressive! You guys are awesome! So to enter in the giveaway you just have to be active in the chatroom. It could be as simple as just posting: 'I love Zac, he's great!' That's all you have to write.


No I ran away! He can't see me! I'm downstairs.


Get it in there! Work it in! Mm-hmm!


Dun dun dun dun. [opening credits]


I take him in, I show him to his room.


Okay, so we are moving.


Points of damage?!


This is the place. Are you with us?


I'm going to just dash. I'm going to fuck him and just dash.


I'm the Dread Pirate Roberts, and I will most likely kill you in the morning-- or myself, because this is actually very sharp


Maybe think about it while we're on our way. Yeah! How about we go and we pressure him and then if he doesn't bite, then we kill him.


I could have; I didn't. Fuck! (laughs)


Are your pupils a little dilated?


Should we take the body?


That's why I went there.


She's going to try to get the most advantageous point towards the door as well.


I think he's gonna give him a potion.


I don't fully agree with that.


Also, I have darkvision up to 60 feet.


I've been cursed.


How far up the mast could you say I could climb with my movement? Is that half speed?


It's his birthday. He can do whatever he wants.


Okay. Oh, that's good! That is a 25?


Although I feel like we still need to finish this conversation. Shouldn't we all be present?


Yes, you, fuck!


I will say yes to this. Not one of my guns, but thankfully we have a couple of the ones that are a little wonky.


Just a big hug! And I go down.


I got them for free from somebody.


Yup!


Can I try something? I want to try to cast Detect Good and Evil.


I get another Grit back.


It was really nice and it was a good color.


It's the first one that hits, right.


And he created a vampire? He made Sylas a vampire?


I can't tell, I don't know. Is he an innocent middleman that doesn't know what he's shipping or is it just--


What if the other one isn't around to lodge a complaint?


Look, we might be purchasing a few things, so why don't we wait and see what all ends up on the counter and then we'll come back.


Hold on, I'm going to spend one sorcery point to empower the spell, and I'm going to pick the six and reroll these four dice, because I can reroll up to that many when I empower. For that damage. Perfect. What's the total for that, guys?


If we're out of combat, I'll do Lay on Hands.


That, too. No, wait, because they didn't steal my money.


Oh, yeah, and on Great Weapon Master on a crit or killing an extra hit, but I guess I--?


Yeah, I'm going to back up.


He's got an earpiece.


He'll be fine in ten minutes, Pike.


Are you honestly okay? You seem very perturbed.


Both of them? Seriously, Matt?


Why? Why was it too soon? What were you waiting for?


Is he still raging?


Thank you. Thank you for pointing that out.


Yeah. You won't regret that choice.


We're on! (cheering)


Pike, you seem very quiet.


Ooh, Gallan!


Burt Reynolds, the customs officer.


Do we have an empty barrel?


So we don't want her to get her shit in her room. We need to be asking how to get below the castle.


Oh, this is weird. We need some help on this.


Mechanical croissant.


Yeah, no, I'm pretty uncomfortable about all of this. Yeah.


All right. That's terrible, 11.


Why would you even volunteer that?


Follow them outside and rob them?


No, it wasn't me. With like a really tight bun and little teeny glasses and a cane. I guess I can't make myself have a cane, can I?


That's what he was doing.


Don't be real dumb because I'm standing next to you.


Okay. I'm going to yell at Nott, I'm going to be like: Nott, the fuck?! Then I'm going to take off in a full sprint towards Nott.


Taryon, really?


And I'm gonna bamf right up to him as I hit.


(loudly) Oooh! I mean, go for her...


Well, I'll just hold him for you.


Do any of the tomes have titles on them, though?


Camp counselor Beau. Incredible.


Oh, okay! Cool! Cool.


Oh, hey we're getting better!


I want to talk to you about how that went back there. Can we walk alone for a minute?


I direct the group and I say  You flank this way, and then you guys flank that way. We flank around.


(singing) Shank your booty. Shank your booty.


All right, so, I'm going to dash towards the tree in that corner and get away from this clump of my friends.


So I heard him say, "I’m going down," right? We all heard him say he’s going down as he was falling?


Is Grog about to get a new weapon?


No! I'm just, it's been a long few-- Look.


I saw one that was good and I was like  Oh, no.


It's still at home.


We're taking down these damn giants. These giants are killing people left and right; we watched them crush people on our way here.


I'm a holy man. It's supposed to be awkward.


I grab both of her shoulders and peer in to see if anything glows.


All I want to know is where the volcano is.


Yeah, I'm going to use my wings to thrust me faster into the wall.


Could be on the movie poster. It's great.


I am struggling to find a reason why not, which is somewhat irritating.


16 plus seven is 23?


We could have trained him!


Okay, that's not what I asked, though. Don't think about the fear. Think about what you're feeling.


Yes, and we're not going to leave without him. Why don't we just--?


I scoop up Nott and I just start dancing down the street with her up onto my shoulders!


We have some weights to put down.


Didn't we say we weren't going to try and solve things with fists?


All right. That's very good to know.


Where do I create it?


Just Pacman table.


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream: a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke-- [dramatic music]


Why do we need a fucking gazebo?


Seven plus four, 11.


As a bonus action can I cast Healing Word as a level two spell?


Gonna see if I can figure out what's making the trees move.


Our side!


Can I quietly prick a little hole into my palm, just so I can start bleeding a little bit? Just very tiny?


Hi, Grog.


Okay, I want that to go like that, but it's not going.


I go down. It's Yorda who runs the place?


Yes. Even better.


Actually, I can. We recently ruled. because it's mental, yeah. Oh, wait. No.


Why's she looking at you like you know what she's talking about?


I explain everything that's happening in Common as we walk. Is everyone still cool with this? We're going to the chieftain.


Wait, no, it's a saving throw, right?


You turned into Mr. Rogers?


Yasha, Yasha.


We've got acid from a tube.


We're drunk!


Yes, I think that's a great idea.


Also 13.


So very generous of you.


I tried to jump over, so now I'm just-- Actually, I did the flip but I didn't pull him, so now I'm just hanging on the front of him. I'm still holding on, but now I'm in front of him, dangling.


Gun stuff.


Okay, go? Okay, I'll see you soon.


I'm going to walk up next to Molly.


Everybody, be a monk.


Okay, I've got a crazy idea.


Okay. And this is just him.


They don't control us!


No. 37 years. I ran away. I've been here deciding how to live again, how not to run away. That's what all this is about, isn't it? You can't just hide from the world. I've done it! Done it for a long, long time. Maybe you being here means that I should hide no longer. Or maybe I just have an invisible frog friend. Maybe I have nothing here, and nothing here.


Do you have any inkling of what would happen if you do nothing? Pike does nothing?


I'm going to go find my sister. I'll talk to you later.


Oh, they're both 18s. So 25 to hit both.


Okay, so there appears to be-- are there any whole pieces of bones? Big femurs or skulls?


Don't do that. That's weird. Stop that. God, every time you're off camera.


That's your whole action?


Yes, we fly up.


Been fun, kids.


Wait, Keyleth does the distraction. As soon as she goes, you go. So once those guys start running towards her--


Dispel? But then it won't come back!


No, don't worry, I'll take it back to the shore for us in stealth.


Step of the Wind?


Can you come here for a second? I have something I need to show you.


Okay, so I'm down to 95.


Oh yeah, let's get a hand on it and brace our feet against the tunnel and on the count of--


Okay, I'm going to move Trinket away.


Will the owl eat the weasels?


I was going to-- what was that?


Maybe later.


Fake helping.


Why would I have advantage?


I'm going to sit down at the table.


Do it. Do it, girl!


I grab Scanlan by the scruff of his neck.


If we must, yes. Just as an experiment, I'm going to think about Vesper and try and touch a book. I don't expect this to work, but I'm going to close my eyes and think about, and pick it up and flip through it.


We might be able to do that.


Roll it up. Put it into my satchel. I'm going to take a dagger out and I want to cut all the way up through that purple velvet. Just see, just in case.


Okay. That's you. Should we go?


Hey, I'd never been kissed before, okay?!


It protects you from ghouley deads.


Oh, I'm still on fire.


Boomf! I was being you, Tiberius.


I'm very confused.


You got your own bag of holding?!


No, I don't--


Fully. Leeroy Jenkins!


That's far as I can go.


Pretty! See, Fjord, you're just so handsome.


Surely they've cleaned all that up by now, right?


Grog, that would kill me!


They can make you a fruit smoothie.


Stay tuned for tomorrow night for Liam's--


No, that's fine, we don't have to.


This is weird. I'm not sure.


Don't confuse him. It's a lot to keep track of. Hey guys, we have these amazing art prints by David Mack.


I mean, if I can get it in its head--


Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Stay away from it.


The SHITs. How did we become the SHITs?


Can I open the door? Is there enough room?


I like that we're here now.


I bought a Millennium Falcon cookie when I was there.


Just read the directions.


Because I think Grog was checking out. He's breaking up a little bit. But I feel like he just told me that we took the flying carpet.


I lied too. I'm an average dancer. (laughter)


Would it hit that innocent?


What was the name of the town that Gustav is stuck at?


Wow, your dad really is an asshole.


I'm going to go ahead and go to Trinket.


Okay, then I'm going to see if I can-- can I try and grab onto the side of the ship?


They have actually very reasonable eyesight. That's a myth. You can look it up on Wikipedia, it's true.


If I might, Fjord. I don't know much about how this magic works, but if there's three of these things, right, at least three of these eyes that need to be placed to unlock three temples of whatever and release the crazy thing under the ocean. One has been activated, one is inside you, there's one-- maybe we should try to find that one. With that one, we could then safely get the one out of you because we would have the third one and we could go break it somewhere and then we'd know that no one could unlock it ever.


It cannot create fabulous jewels, and it cannot create piles of gold.


You have to be nearby.


Like an amazing fanny haversack?


Cut his way out, went back and saved me. Crazy.


I'm trying to figure out that thing that I can do where I can make someone vulnerable to terrible things.


We need a damn whisper cam.


Negative one intimidation.


All right, so, I can go 45 feet.


Well, I heard her nagging me in my head.


It's all right, I'm kind of immune now. I just take it.


They watch the show; they've heard me say worse. Can I sneak Hex in there?


No, that is incorrect. I would like my share of the platinum to be sure. Any coin that we found, please.


Let's definitely check those bodies.


No, I'm following fucking Tary.


Artagan can join us.


They need your magic.


Yeah. Obviously we are brothers of the beard. Like, to fight with, right?


Vorugal was the frost. Umbrasyl was black acid.


What are you down to?


I'm going to back up. I can use the rest of my movement, right?


Nope. Not me.


We'll see you bright and early.


(laughs) Worse. 8. I'm trying, Pike! (crying) I'm having so much fun!


We could try to craft some goggles.


I'll make some fire for you.


Got 45 speed. MATT You're not quite adjacent-- you're not quite up to him, but you're ten feet away from him.


(whispering) It's a statue.


New favorite. Asterix, look, is there anything in Whitestone that you would fancy? Like, do you have any particular interests, whether they be art or education or geometry or buildings?


Can I cast a concentration spell on myself?


Oh, I have to ask.


But that's a good idea.


It didn't move out of my range at all?


Could.


He's friendly.


We are not going to bother. We're going to go and we're going to find a way of killing these things, and we're going to hope for the best in this city. That's what we're going to do.


Any chance he'll see you do it then?


(whispering) I don't know. I heard you--


Our masks are like--


I will swing my sword at it with advantage, because I just inspired someone, and Mythcarver has that feature. The first one was better. 17 plus ten!


I should come in close?


Was he uncomfortable seeing you or something?


What do you normally do? Bookkeeping? Storage?


One more!


Wait. I reach into the Bag of Holding and I grab my salt-lick rock and I toss it to Scanlan.


Frumpkin shoots up into the air and bounces off a tree.


It's so badass!


We're not here based on other people's expectations. We're here because we thought we could handle this and nothing has changed. This changes nothing!


Semicircle right there?


I take the reins.


We'll need to spoon for warmth.


Thanks. I go fishing a lot.


Oh, it's only a 13.


How will he get back?


Oh shit, fuck.


I would only do it if he was right where we were.


First one was a three.


Let's go to the house.


So short rest? Short rest. Okay.


Are any of us high charisma? 'Cause it don't seem like it.


Does she like you now?


Yeah, did you think it was for another reason?


I like your antlers.


It doesn't say anything about halving it.


Yeah. There's more treasure inside if you make it past the initial treasure.


I was like, 30!


The hut.


Things are happening now.


Vax is sitting with JB right now, going like, so what was Pike like when she was really little, little for a gnome?


There's a little hair on it.


And everybody check her out on twitter.


(hums the Jeopardy theme)


Wait, but what does the word say? Where's the word?


I want to learn--


A bag.


That's a good idea. I have a surprise for you all.


(muttering) That's 11...


Disable those tentacles, man.


Not all of it. That's the rest of the show if he reads it.


Burn it down.


Oh god. Oh no.


What? I don't see anything. Where?


Earmuffs! Earmuffs!


Move the behemoth away.


You need to work on vivid dreams. You can control yourself-- Lucid dreaming, yeah.


Wait, we can win money from this thing?


(Yoda voice) 4d8 you would give.


I had to admit I found myself a bit surprised. My initial impression of you was someone a bit timid and maybe reserved; meek even. Your tone, your opinion of what to do with Avantika in order to make sure that we're okay, it seemed very... calculated. Very... risky. Do you mind me asking if you've-- Have you ever sacrificed anything in order to achieve a greater goal? Because I feel like I am swimming in the deep end and I don't quite know what I'm doing.


You have Inspiration. Should you need it.


Ooh! Cool!


Oh, that's so vulgar!


Deep plans.


Aren't there acid pools down here?


Do you share this knowledge with anyone?


I'm all about it. Beads and bells and shit?


That's better. That's-- oh, wow. So that's 36 points of damage. Using my Action Surge. Reloading.


Feather Fall--


I know, you just don't have a lot, you've used all those things.


I mean Tiffany?


You can fly up to nine people?


Oh, I'm great at those.


Two quick things. One, I'd like to ask Caleb, when he's done with his insanely long ritual: That pouch that I gave you, what was in it?


Does Pike's Mace of Disruption always shed bright light for 20 feet?


Oh, did you! Well it's time to put aside childish things, semi-god.


We will save the kraken.


I have advantage on my attack because I just inspired. Mythcarver.


Oh! You have to take 4d6 radiant damage because you hit me with a meteor shower.


Fu Manchu?


A grapevine? Grapevines are pretty hard.


Two old dudes.


Sure. (caws) Okay, I'll fly in.


Well, we scouted it before.


Yeah, did Laura Bailey put you up to this?


Oh, really? Why?


I'm taking the dragon sword and I am shoving it along the angle of the arrow that's coming in toward it, to try to go parallel.


Guilt attack!


Oh right.


Arizona or California?


That sucks, too. 13.


Okay, first one, probably not gonna hit. 12?


And I attach it to my coat.


Before we start  we're killing everything, right?


I'm dead. Insta-full death?


Not disturbing anything. Investigation? 13.


No, 38. 19 times two is 38 plus eight. 46!


Yasha, do you eat rat a lot?


How do you spell that?


I don't even know what Walken sounds like, it's come through a daisy-chain of assholes.


Saving throw?


I'll get behind Trinket, and I'm not looking good.


We're going straight to the Shepherds?


Made of goatskins. Skins, my dear.


My penchant for forgiveness with my sister's welfare is razor thin.


You still look like Percy.


Okay, great. Send it straight at them, then.


Is this Patisse?


Will they know that that's a big clank?


It really ties the sewer together. (laughter)


Okay. Do I have to roll for this?


Maybe someday.


Who's that guy? What is that guy?


We never travel traditionally anymore. I'm just saying, I miss the romantic aspects of traveling the countryside. It's like fast forward, immediate gratification, fucking you know.


I put them in the bag. How about that?


Not much time.


I rolled a one, but I have lots of Luck left. And now I'm fine.


On the Ice Storm Candle. All affected must make a dexterity saving throw, DC 12, or suffer 4d6 cold damage.


Towards the tower.


She's got a high-ass insurance policy on this bitch.


Look at all the 20s Taliesin rolled tonight.


Our artists. As Laura would say.


Can you Bigby one and maybe Vex can slowly pull Grog up to that thing on your broom?


We're looking for a woman who was a daughter of one of the gentlemen that worked in the fields, and we really have no idea how to go about finding her.


I know. Everything's fine.


Oh wait, I haven't seen this yet!


You want to rest first or do you want me to tell you what it is now?


You're the mess.


It's a box set. It's so fucking hot.


Which, by the way, is a longbow of sky sentinel.


Don't worry! I can help you.


Doctor Doom and Gandalf together. I'm really excited. And then after that--


It's a one-camel town.


Wednesday Club, we're talking about Comic Con, because Comic Con is coming up, and we're going to try and give you a first-timer's guide to Comic Con: If you've never been to one, what to expect, what to do for fun, and all sorts of things that you could see or do in San Diego. Other than us. Thank you, I was very proud of last night.


Cursory trap check, even though it seems unlikely.


With Bad News.


Are they far from here?


This is pointless.


Is it a big box?


Yeah, that's where they said Marius LePual might hang out.


We got it. It's fine. It's handled.


Yes, okay. Damn, same thing, so 18 points of damage.


Do better than me!


Perfect, I move us right above the butthole and, everybody hold on. And I fucking slam all of us right on him. (boosh)


Are you on the ground?


We shouldn't go fighting with her.


So these are all people that have sent us stuff off Amazon, to help make the studio better. So Danielle Denny.


That's advantage.


(laughs) I guess I did say--


Fuck butt?


Oh, good! Allura, we haven't seen her in forever. Have we?


No spells. I've got cantrips though, so don't worry, guys.


Not bad. What's my survival? 24.


I'm going before them in the order. Does that mean I get advantage, due to assassin?


That's the height that we can accomplish though.


Or running?


This is normal, it’s okay!


Everybody gets one.


Okay! I'm going to send a Guiding Bolt to the flying manta ray. So, I have to roll and see if it hits?


That you were almost vomiting today, and you vomited and ruined our lives?


Very, very generous. Fucking drink up.


Eater of balls.


We're going to go into the kitchen. We're going to go two minutes apart, all right? Don't all go in a crowd. I'm going to go in first. I'll see you in there. And then I walk--


Walk up. Double tap, followed by a single.


Oh, cool. Do I recognize any of the names of ships, or any imagery?


We slept in a tent! We slept in a tent in the woods with the loudest librarian on god's green earth!


I rolled a two, so a con bonus gets me to four points up.


I'm going to use my staff for this main hand. That's-- cool. Five damage. Next attack: terrible. 12.


Oh, plus Hunter's Mark!


It's a little early. All right, so you know what? I'm going to do Flame Strike-- Or, sorry, I'm so shaky. What's that? Sacred Flame, Sacred Flame. I'm so sorry. Sacred Flame?


Indeed. They are a mighty force.


All right, let's see what happens with--


The drag marks, do they lead outside of the alcove and down?


I'm going to think of gems. Precious stones.


Can I just say, Laura and I busted the case wide open! (laughter)


Can I please purchase three of those?


Then we let them make their choice.


He was crying when we rescued him.


It could just be his pores. You're right, it's probably--


Oh, wait! Before we charge off into the jungle, didn't you get a shit-ton of potions? Can you hand those out, please?


Ow, no, I'm serious. Don't! I'm really not strong.


It went away?


A new host!


Infinity. (laughter)


And now I'm going to stab the duergar in the neck.


Yeah, we have a superior.


Well, it only works once a day.


Uh-huh. He knew. He didn't have to ask.


Maybe you should just sleep on it before leaving town, buddy.


That's right. [opening credits]


I won't roll like that anymore. Where am I? That's radiant damage and that's that. Here we go. All right.


Can I use luck to take my second roll? I have luck left?


Yeah? I think if I have a solid hour or two hours with it.


Wait. 500 from his personal stash?


Sorry, sis.


Although he's angry about it, because he wants to fight, but I just won't let him right now.


No, I was with you.


Matt, are they in the little hall just outside the--


Okay, can I use Friends to help with that or no, just go for intimidation?


We guessed wrong?


Since I'm too far away for anything too crazy, I don't have a good bonus action. I will use my Devil's Tongue, I'll use Vicious Mockery on the gnoll that's currently in between-- not the one that's-- actually, the one that's furthest from us, because he's going to be the archer, and in Infernal I'm going to say: I'm too disgusted to think of anything clever.


Well, I've got two things to do. He's got to get rid of that fucker on his back, and also other things. Let's go for the big kahuna. I command him to ride his beast to attack the one below him. The wyvern below him.


On a "side night!"


Were they real rubies or was it all a ruse to get me to pull on them?


She's at 18, right?


No, unfortunately. Beasts. Particular.


Oh Jesus. Just trying to break concentration, so I'm going to (punch).


Oh my god, Horris! Oh, he's not dead!


Hell yeah, that hits.


This is our version of looking at our phones. This is Vox Machina going--


I don't know where Vax is. I forgot his number.


Ah, oh.


Okay. Yeah. All right, so it's hot water and gas coming up. If I theoretically wanted to do a Control Water spell and reverse the water inwards, could we go in through one of these tunnels? Through one of these fissures?


I should know what people would do in the guild situation if they had an organ that wouldn't fit in the bag, right? We have to preserve it.


I'll take the first watch next time. Everything's good. No use crying over spilt milk. Let's keep going.


You can do a pocket fisherman instead.


Oh, we're heading-- there will be adventure.


She'll run up and take her two swipes, reckless.


The giveaway just happens now. We don't have to say anything.


Stop rolling, Jesus.


What did you do?! You Kevin Spacey from Seven mother fucker! What did you do?


I put my head right in my food and fall asleep.


Aw, that's mean. Oh, I get advantage!


It's just the brains. Just the little brains.


I'm going to pump 30, then, back into this gloomstalker. Plus the nine. So there was, what, 51 that came off?


I look at Scanlan and I say, go get her, and I grab Scanlan by the back, and I throw him up onto the wall.


He's in the teleportation circle.


That's a really cool name.


I don't know. What do I know?


We haven't failed. It's not over yet. I'm not done.


Once I use it, I've got ten minutes of silence. I was curious that if I get close enough to Vecna, he can't talk. I was hoping to save that, because that might be a thing where we can keep him from casting vocal spells.


Is there an easier way off or is that the easiest way off the boat?


Ooh, the mask's on the back. Did you write on the inside like I said?


I draw back, and flames burst forth!


We will get you porn, Liam. We will get you porn.


This is also why you always make friends with women. They have friends. There's just networks of them. It's brilliant.


How do you normally sign letters?


Very quietly on the sly hire someone to keep very, very distant tabs on Scanlan Shorthalt.


That's what I was going to ask. What time is it?


Don't say 'seemingly'.


I don't-- I think-- We'll talk later.


You sound really weird. I try the doorknob.


I think we're going to need you upstairs for some identification. I think it would be less suspicious sleeping down here.


On the ground. But I release him and I make a fist that clenches right next to him. Just in case anything goes bad.


All right. I had this feeling-- I felt like we were not going to get here. I felt like we were going to show up somewhere else. I don't know why.


Wait, that's magical. I have advantage. The cloak wouldn't--


That was perfect.


Yes, I see what you did there.


Oh, yeah. Is there popcorn in the studio?


Okay. (counting) 39.


Can I happen to see-- am I able to see the guy with all the tattoos of ships and stuff?


Okay, and then 1d8 plus four. That's eight.


We damage it.


22, plus I'm set to lightning with the Deathwalker's Ward.


I think it just takes so much out of your body to cry.


Do you care that the Emperor knows you're holding a person he wants?


They have to make a dexterity saving throw.


There's another guy over there? Have I seen him yet?


What's the bonus for Pass Without a Trace?


These lizard and snake people.


Remember, you have advantage.


(growls and sighs)


Can I try to stealth and move alongside just kind of keep to the edge?


Just checking if it was an ironic nickname or not.


No, I want to hear this too.


I wear armor, so I could trade them for something cool?


It's just a touch-- oh, on a hit. Okay. Natural fucking one. It's okay.


So, Utugash also maybe takes some damage from that.


You have, like, eight words left.


Is that his voice?


I heal 39 points. I only have one hit dice left.


I owe you one?


Tell them it's the last day.


For all 20 dragon teeth.


Well, he's rather loud.


You shouldn't have hit that woman with a sandbag.


Okay, because you're in it.


The Mistake.


Tooma. We apologize for coming in the guise of your enemies. Unfortunately, we don't know much about your culture, and no one ever informed us of what you have suffered, and we apologize.


Get it, girl! Get it, get it, girl!


Stealth roll is-- oh that's not bad. 21.


All right, that was... fine.


We've got to go. We've got to go.


Do either of the two paths have more tracks coming in and out of them?


I would not drag you into my troubles. I know who you are, you are Vox Machina.


DC 20.


I'm spelling it "Zh".


Yeah, have a look.


Brain wipe. I'm going to go up to my room and it takes me an hour to do this. An hour and ten minutes to be exact. I put the--


It hit. That's 18 points of damage.


3d10 damage and we--


Mouse, rat.


That's a nine, and here comes my bonus attack. Okay, 14.


I think he's going to make it.


That is not necessary. We would absolutely love to prove our loyalty in your service.


Do you want to walk solo for ten minutes and see if you are, solo, getting any closer?


I feel like I should still keep this.


Don't land on me.


Whoa! Who are you?


Eat the fruit.


Vines?


How much were you being paid? I want to know how much he's worth.


Grog, you ready to kill?


Spike, ehhh, not that one.


Hi! Oh, my brother is extra, extra stealth right now.


Okay. Would I feel that? No, I'm on another plane of existence.


Don't you do it!


Do you want a card? What're you worried about, it's a deck of cards.


Well, we could rob them, or we could go off the road and hide and wait for them to pass.


On three, ocean. One, two, three!


You know why? Because he knows Liam bought the book.


He always knows what we're up to because he has his cat follow us.


That's good, because I am really weak. (laughs)


Well, good. It's all right if you go, dear. You'll still be here. I'll still be there. It's going to suck giant dick.


Yeah, you want to show them off?


Pipe down! Calm down! Listen, how are we getting down there? Can we hurry this up, please?


Well, we do not have to decide what we are going to do right away. We could have an opportunity, grab our friends. We don't need to rush into the lion's den. Let's see what we are looking at, what we are dealing with. We get our three friends back. We have not traveled with them this far to throw it away.


You've had a carrot before, right?


You are super fast!


All right, I'm down. Should we do it?


What is that? What have you got?


I mean, if he starts skipping, we're fucked.


Give us a second there, Champ. I don't really feel like I want to stay around this guy that much longer. Do you guys want to go to this estate, or do you want to stay here?


Can I find Bouldergut?


I don't even know if I would know this.


They didn't let us in the room.


It's a good mix!


But she's further away.


She can stay with us forever.


18, too.


Yes. Probably its sphincter. Now what?


We're fine here. Everything's fine.


I'm going to take another shot, though. 16 again.


Grog, what's wrong?


Oh, man. No, no, yeah.


(metal clanging)


But why would she tell us?


Will this take an action?


I just whisper Xhorhas.


There's no way to avoid it.


No, but we're all of the same breed; we get what you're doing.


What golden snake?


You know what? I'm going to say yes.


Is this what Vandren was going for?


Are there a crapload of footprints on the ground around us?


I saved your life!


Piece of paper.


I'm gonna throw up.


This is the darkest timeline. Oh.


Oh goddamn it.


We're awesome, yeah.


No fraternizing.


Yeah, basically four big fuck-off chromatic dragons destroyed Emon and then Westruun and-- Allura was there, she was very upset.


Just take it! Take the compliment, you fucker!


Caleb, did you find anything?


I got it. Cool.


Do you see what's happening in the-- (whispering loudly) Shut the fuck up!


Unfortunately, we have to take $100 away from 826LA. (laughter)


I command the gloomstalker to shriek. I just read this.


Perfectly executed plan.


Just one spoonful would be quite--


18, so-- what was the first one? 18 and?


We need to get Nott cleaned up, too.


He's just a farmer, guys.


All night, do you get off in six more hours?


26 is the hit for the second one.


Okay, great. Hey, guys. (laughter)


Fenthras! Yes!


Just wake her up?


I am going to start moving towards the middle, towards Yasha. I don't have any healer's kit or anything. I don't know how to do anything like that.


Well, I've noticed that they're not letting any of us cast anything, correct?


But it would have been glorious.


4d6?


Ooh! Push open the door with your massive strength.


Shifty kid, c'mon.


(dubious noise) I feel like you're still-- how do you stay dirty all the time?


Yeah, we all are.


I think you're supposed to say things about how good they were and how many people loved them, and what a wonderful life they had, but I don't think any of those things are true, or at least we don't-- I don't think he even knew.


Get it, get it, get it, you're going to do it.


Being a hero and adventuring or being born into privilege.


There's a glass thing so we can look through the glass.


Let this shit blow up in my face, so everybody hang back for a second. And I'm going to pitter patter in and look around the sconce, the room.


I'm definitely not bothered.


I'm going to use my Magician's Judge sword and start swinging.


Let's get it out, and then collapse the tunnel leading to it. Then they can get stuck in this room.


That's not that great. Eight.


Do I also get to give her any assistance, like "we went this way, go that way?"


Fjord! You and I could leave in the morning the same way we got in.


(whispers) Ten gold? (louder) Are these really fancy rooms, then?


Well done. Well done.


The white one was more vain.


Did you go, "Fireball!" as you do it? Hadouken!


(snickering) Maybe you can sleep in one of the boobs. Let's go!


So I forgot to say that at the beginning. But yeah, it should be at like 11AM on Monday. 11:30, something like that.


I shoot from my Bow of the Sky Sentinel.


Improv-ed it.


Well, I think we should do what we have done well so far, which is to improvise. It is better to bring her with her and then leave her and then if we find an advantageous place to leave her, then we will. But for the time being she is a sidekick.


Weird night.


Amiable?


Some of us are a bit sketchy with the law.


Big money?


No, I picked up that hammer that was hitting me in the face.


So that’s like--


Is it worth anything?


Disappear?


She seemed very pleasant. Don't know what Fenna was talking about. Shall we away? Do we need to make any preparations before we go?


Caduceus! What was that? Where did that come from?!


Why don't we have him smash through it? Who cares? We don't live here.


Are we going to have roll initiative on grass?


Monday!


It's been 15 minutes. Time has passed. Never mind. I don't do shit.


Well, we've got a few of these Vestiges, so we're a little powered up. But we're not quite sure what their full abilities are. It's significant, but we think they do more, we're just not sure how much.


So what does that mean, Ashley?


There's nowhere we can buy healing potions in this city?


It's the reverse whisper!


(shouting) Jester!


We don't need to stick a stick into every beehive we come across.


Hit him with everything we've got.


Well, he did well.


Like, so much.


How many people are around the dock right now?


Seven. (laughs)


Fanged smile.


Be cool. Be cool.


You rolled with advantage right?


Yep, your name was in the song!


Then I'm going to Lightning Arrow-- I'm going to Hunter's Mark him.


Remember, he was in his pajamas and Gilmore was like, "put this on, I made this for you."


There's a lot of tree science involved.


Okay, I'm going to shoot at the death knight.


I've been thinking a lot. I've been trying to skirt around this information for a bunch of reasons, so I've been making a mental shopping list.


Can you scry on the object? No...


What are they talking about, accent?


Do you think there's a chance of when we visit this place, we might have to defend ourselves?


Excellent description, I'm on my way.


I'm with a group of these guys and we have a bit of a problem back in our homeland.


Oh, yeah! Okay, so that makes it 13 plus what?


Yeah, I'm sitting next to you.


And inspire?


Well, that's why we're alerting you first.


Ooh! He does that too?


With advantage because it's pertaining to dragons?


Oh, Pike!


It's-- no, that's not that bad-- It's 15.


Is there any one that seems emptier than other ones?


I just smack Beau and then--


On your mother's side or your father's side?


I'll cast it at a four.


It's actually pretty dangerous to go through the Skews at night.


We can all get a good night's sleep, I think, if I tunnel us in and we've got Hallucinatory Terrain.


We had the ability to tunnel through earth, but this guy let it go.


I hold my breath.


Uh.. Keyleth, I've been thinking. What do you think the Aramente is supposed to teach?


Pauly Shore movie.


I'm going to very nicely enter it with its permission and consent.


Oh, it's too big?


Thank you for everything. Thank you for putting up with me when I was a shit and I hope that I've become more tolerable for you. After all that we've been through, I was wondering if I could ask you a question. I have a proposal for you, if you don't mind. Well, now that everything is safe again and back to normal, I was wondering if I could take you on a date. To a restaurant or something, then maybe if it goes well, we could go on another date and that's it.


I have passive perception of 21; I'm always looking.


I'm just going to take it easy today.


Exactly. You are genuine.


I think Caduceus doesn't like the water, either basically because it tried to kill him a few times already.


We're not keeping anything on our persons. We need to hide it, bury it.


Can I reach for it?


Come on! It is being so mean! Seven. God damn it.


Just full of shit.


I've got the creature bits so I should go, too.


Ja (dying sound)


What did he just say? What?


-- and still have its hit points?


It's going to be so much fun.


Okay, I'm going!


Why? What's in the embassy?


Psst, Marisha, how do you tell how many hit dice you have?


How can you tell if you're proficient?


Rummage through their bodies.


You know that my name is Vax, right?


Oh goodness gracious.


Don't do it. You got this, Phillip.


Yep. Hand them over.


We've got to get this book off the fucking boat!


We got a guy with a hammer. We're fine.


Your hair's great! I love it.


I'm fucking fit, okay?


Disappears.


You're being so fucking nice.


I also, as a cantrip-- oh god, I hope it's not concentration. Forget it. I'm not going to.


Yeah, come on down, Nott.


I will cast Sanctuary on myself.


Yeah, because I learned something new this week and I was like, I'm dumb. But that's where I would like to head.


It's cool. I have an internal timer, and if you don't meet it, I'm going to kill all your people. (laughter)


We're working on that as a side venture. What are we going to do there to make that happen?


We got to sleep.


Do you have creature statistics, DM?


There's a vault?


Now for the love of God, just wait until nightfall and Dimension Door out of there.


De Rolo. How are you doing? A lot's going on. A lot. But it hasn't been that long.


Yeah. 64, to be exact.


Seeking help?


Solstryce Academy. You know.


Check. For. Traps.


Nine, ten, 11, 12. 15.


Oh boy. Oh boy.


So, don't kill it?


Do I recognize what it is?


Yeah, so she's giving us a really good deal.


Fucking Kutha can't catch a break.


Matt, I also have to throw out. We on Skype now get the full Twitch view, so I'm seeing you guys with all your icons, with everything, and it is the weirdest amalgamation of Baldur's Gate and Sega's full-motion video game from 1995 Night Trap starring Different Strokes.


Laura, you are a perfect creature who creates magical life with the power of womanhood. Taliesin's new character is a cleric, so you don't have to heal anyone.


You killed its baby!


Are we 100% certain there's no nooks or crannies, or holes, or anything? We don't want to go have a look?


But Tary's exclusive, he can't sign any more contracts!


Couldn't Scanlan look like one of the mages we killed and walk up and be like, "All clear, everybody. Go home. It's all done."


Oh, well we have an hour.


Freudian slip.


They were--


Yeah. It's like a last resort, right? Cause you went like eee! And it was not good.


I think probably, 'Do you speak Common?'


That's the trick I do for my eight-year-old!


Because we were over here, right? In the reefs? Uk'otoa?


Everybody gets advantage. Yes, and he gets disadvantage on things against us.


We in it.


Should I use my last spell on this kid?


I'm going to see if I can see any traps inside the room.


They're so intricate and soft and I just feel like I think I know what I like now, and that was a worthy endeavor, and thank you, Pike for encouraging it, and Grog for setting me up.


Then they trapped us!


I'm scanning.


Yeah, Jodie.


Blessed idiots, yes, and I know that we've gotten used to feeling like we can overcome losing anyone, but your average farmer or seamstress doesn't come back. And everybody dies, and all that matters is what you do with what you have, and I have done a lot, and I've taken great pride watching all that you have done. And I have good friends and I have fallen in love. More than most, I've had.


He's covered in ichor.


Something small.


I had already rolled that, but it was a six again, so 40, plus 12 lightning damage. On the first.


Love this game.


-- something great.


Oh, yeah, that one!


Do I kill him or do we keep him?


Just good gods I think.


What do you see?


Rat-balloons.


Thunder Step.


Persuasion? 24.


I think we're going to hell soon, literally-- But maybe after that, maybe we could take a break.


They can mail you one. It's all kinds of crazy options.


I may have a small. Let me find out. This feels small.


We had it, then it flipped and it was gone. And then we snaked it outta the fire.


Do I see anything of note through Frumpkin's eyes as we walk?


The song will be on iTunes and stuff soon? Now-ish?


I'll buy a hoodie if you guys buy 19. Deal? Here we go.


I keep jumping into things.


Yep. (yells) Did you see that?! It leaned to a four. Ten.


Ask.


I walk over and I sit down opposite him, and I say: Before we talk about anything, I feel like I should apologize because although we didn't have any sort of written agreement, you and I are friends, aren't we?


Are there any holy symbols or anything that we might take to give to Keyleth to, I don't know. Wasn't she gonna-- I don't know. Do some holy shit?


His face as he said it.


I just look at it and I just go  I don't feel very good. Then I'm going to do Patient Defense.


I thought you said it was going to cost an extra 50 on top. I'm sorry. Yeah, give us that money.


It's crazy!


So I give a little fwip, toss in my hand and throw it right at his neck.


In my experience, it doesn't matter if he thinks he's fucking with the Empire or not. The Empire is going to look at it as fucking with them, and that never ends well.


All right, fine. If we survive this, we're going to have killed five dragons, so what a lovely thing it would be to have something built from the scales of five dragons. We would be the only people on the plane to be adorned with the scales of five dragons.


Undecided major. I like it.


Mr. Taliesin Jaffe! [cheering]


This is weird. (laughter)


Or maybe it's something illicit.


Oh, the lights are out.


I feel nothing but the sweet nectar of Mother Nature coursing through me. My love radiates like luminescent rainbows that will create a new life this day.


10 30.


It's just gonna be all of us presenting ourself?


She's a harsh girl.


Oh, I haven't seen that one yet.


No, I could! Hang on, hang on!


War God's Blessing to add ten?


I'm going to take some of the water from the pool, and I'm going to bring it to one of the columns and dash it on the column and see what happens.


That brings me exactly to zero.


What if we don't sign it?


Watch him on the Wednesday Club. Shameless plug.


Couple hours, I believe.


And they were magic!


Is that your sister?


Then I'm going to cast Sacred Flame at-- can I see anybody on the boat?


It takes three separate attacks, I'm assuming, right? Or would it be attack, attack, attack? (laughter)


I would like to use Crown of Madness on Lord Briarwood.


Googoo17, Arkazey keeps asking, what's your favorite nerdy t-shirt you own? Mine is one that says Mordor World Tour, it looks like a rock 'n' roll t-shirt, but it says Mordor World Tour.


Okay, okay. How you doing, Pike?


And they don't even have bowels.


And then, do we have to worry about-- Are there any pyramids? Have you seen any pyramids around the place?


Oh, wonderful. Thank you.


I'm going to use a piercing shot, and I'm going to try to do both with one shot and Errol Flynn this shit.


Club's over here, guys.


I guess I'm up front with Caduceus.


I have 3rd-levels left.


Are we splitting up? Anyone going through the door?


I keep walking.


You just drop it.


Is she being a pain in the arse?


Yeah. That's a 23.


This is the subtle one.


Not the kind you learn in those hoity-toity towers.


Right. Can't dissipate him or anything?


It doesn't matter anyway, it's eight.


Bards and clerics are great.


I don't know why I'm saying this, but I trust Trinket.


Is the ground as hot as the walls are?


D&D Beyond is offering a discount of $10 off any digital book in their shop. Use code "beginnings" at checkout.


All right, 15 plus-- No, I'm sorry.


Well, that's a sticky situation. Because what if she talks about my friends who were there with me?


Gotta go!


No, I haven't. No short rest.


I'm sorry we got off on the wrong foot earlier.


Anybody else want to look for some toad prints?


Can they see us? Does it look like they can see us?


I don't have a printout.


It's like 25 without-- it's fine. I'm just going to--


I know. We didn't want to interrupt the thing.


No, I don’t think so.


How far from here? How much time to travel? Not far?


Stop eating chicken and fly up to that door.


Don't we get something out of this?


We did it! Where should we go?


I’ll just follow. I thought I understood.


Wait, but we're gonna have to go down eventually, so.


Yeah, but they sell those here?


Blessings of the gods!


Immune to being frightened? All of us?


We'll get you ice cream, Grog, and a whore. How's that sound?


Yeah, I know. But I still have minus two to them.


I'll stay up.


Yeah! It's nice to have to, you know, go do something with people where I don't have to hurt them.


Yeah, that way.


Would I recognize that iconography or have heard of that? Does that mean anything?


Oh, do we find any broken threshold crests?


I'm so scared! There's water, water everywhere and all of it wants to kill me. I will scramble ahead and-- Oh, I'm so far away. I'll scramble ahead and to the left, near where the octopus is. Am I within 30 feet of those big watery things?


I can put him to sleep.


Yeah, the smell comes with it. It's got a little musk? Yeah.


Ooh, that's good. You did the six and the four.


My basic perception check is not too bad. It is a 16.


So something's been killed and dragged that way.


Oh wow. That Finger of Death.


-- the smaller of the two.


We're in hot tub chicken right now.


I need to sleep as well.


Oh, okay. No, I can do one.


-- wooden structure?


Should we drop our shit off and--


No, no, not in the hole!


Just a minute of pain.


I would like to cast Friends on that gentleman.


If a stone had a ring around it?


I think I need to keep trying to find him. I guess he's found me.


She's got holes in all the right places. (groaning)


And when I'm within 40 feet, I'm gonna throw Whisper at the guy.


It says it's been this way a long time.


(singing) This is a triumph.


(sing-song) Horace.


I grab Scanlan's horn. Osysa sent us, can you hear us?


Can I juggle while I'm a mist?


There's not a lot of real sound family structures in this campaign.


I'm going to start casting Comprehend Languages again.


No. I could stake it in the ground around you.


No, you guys go.


Can I move into place and then hold my action until Fjord goes?


How you almost got killed?


In Zadash, it would look like shit, but here it's the belle of the ball.


Just for the heck of it?


We'll probably only be another day or two in town before we head home. Thank you. Thank you for your time.


And the gate is closed.


So that was that, and then the third attack I'll go back to the keen dagger. 14.


Ever been to Vasselheim?


I'm going to use my reaction with Mage Slayer to make a melee weapon attack against him. And he will have disadvantage on his saving throw to maintain his spell, if it is a concentration.


That's him, that's magic!


I think you're learning to let people be people.


We'll take the bear claws, yeah?


I'm going to, oh god, cast Sacred Flame on the place that it was at. Can I do that?


What the hell would cause no plant life? And I can do no more investigating than just that?


No. No, the other option is to clear our names and not worry about clearing his mind.


He doesn't necessarily know this place as well as--


Speaking of Telltale, the final episode of Tales from the Borderlands comes out next week.


Guys, we've been playing this campaign for a while. (all laugh)


Dex modifier or dex saving throw?


This means we're staying together, though?


Which is below both of those?


So this is the one that decided to make itself presentable to you?


I'm eventually falling asleep, but before that, I'm going to go take a fucking bath. There is a bathhouse. I'm going there. Anyone who wants to come with me is welcome to do so.


There would be a public record somewhere, right?


Blink!


Five for her.


So you're just unconscious.


We've got one way down. We are all having the thumpa-thumpa right now.


Oh, sure. I'm going to use Luck, I still have a little Luck today, good, that's better. 31.


That was me. Me and Caleb.


Can he do that already, even recovering from the prone?


I feel like we should talk. Let's get this back corner booth.


Grog was easy, he makes bad decisions, which is just all that I do.


(yells) What?


You have advantage on stealth.


No wings for you.


Oh my god, she's folding the clothes. We're in the middle of this, and she's folding the clothes.


Gohan, what happens when Uncle Ogden has too much, you know, (drinking sound).


I feel like we should go through the wall or over it, just on principle.


Are you still drunk?


Fuck, that's tiny.


61 and 71?


I care; of course I care.


Okay. And that lasts for ten minutes?


I'm going to keep trying, see if there's anything that connects to anything.


You know, if we're not in a rush-- (deeper) if we're not in a rush, it might just be nice to send a little mini nuke down into the hole and see what comes out.


They're not going to talk to you without me, so I'm coming, too.


Yeah, I have no money.


I know you were in our room and I know you're lying to me.


(laughing) Has the worst day.


I lean over to Percy, I say  science!


There's more tunnels.


Sorry, haven't found anything yet, Percy. Keep going. It might be clues.


That makes me sad.


Yeah, okay well.


Like Independence Day. "They're opening up!" (explosion)


We'll see, I guess.


Yeah, yeah, you just got to be blunt, right? You went the real flowery, like, exotic way. Now just baseline it. Right.


Are you sure you have nothing to say?


She had to break it to use Stoneskin.


Per attack.


Please, god, may your aim be true today, Vex.


They probably have seen us coming, though; they're on their way here.


You just got bit by a rat, running away.


I just give her a kiss.


We'd like a hospitable meat pie.


Anyone ever seen Bedknobs and Broomsticks?


Fermented? Fermented.


Did you get some boon or boost or something?


Yes we do, the response to this live event was so amazing that we are super stoked to announce that we are going to also be doing Critical Role live in Indianapolis during GenCon on August 6, Saturday night. Tickets will go on sale- I think they're on sale now.


I'm not stopping you.


Apparently, our methods were not complete. We will go back and we will do it better this next time.


I am so strong.


What did they say? Why do they think that? Why is the world shitty?


Well if it's like a mousetrap, can't he lie in between it? Taliesin, how does it work?


Let's make the mansion right now. Please make the mansion.


Not the beholder. If we can free the Elder Brain--


She hates that!


I don't know about you, I've got goals.


On my broom, though?


Let's do it! Do it!


It's just one wisdom roll.


What!? That's even better!


First two hit, and the first one is sneak attack with the blunt edge.


Whatever's quickest.


In the temple.


We deduced that it doesn't take him that long to come back together. And it's been--


2d10 hit points on top.


That tower's familiar to you, huh?


Yeah, you're right. You're very charismatic. We're going to be fine.


Should I do it for the next one, then?


Oberon.


Oh, yeah. He's meat.


17! I put my shield up.


Ooh, do I recognize what herbs he's using?


Eye contact never broken!


Why do you feel the need to call me a good friend?


I'm going to be stopping the carts.


Prefer not to make a habit of that.


I remember being little and Kevdak went and punched a boulder and it went like (stone shattering) and split in half.


Make it attuned to you!


Path of Divine.


I'm going to take a swipe at it with my sword.


Oh, that's right, to kill you. That's right.


Let's make sure the crew knows that they should be repairing the ship and we need to be ship-shape at some point.


What's taking this thing so long?


I'm going to go try and lift it.


I think we should take them out before they get back to their group.


Draconians?


This is the giant dragon punch. We saw in the past.


Either way, you were really screwed.


Not that one. Cobalt.


And they're garbage now.


I imagine it's awful, and I just think I was a little nervous about going there, because I don't know how that would affect me.


I was watching you, you have disgusting black feet. You walk around barefoot, you're disgusting.


As Nott comes around the corner, I'm just going to go: Hey! Psst!


Oh yeah, appearing tomorrow.


But insight check has become such a thing!


Because why not. That's a million. It's 32.


Do they take more damage because it's water?


What do you think we should do with it?


That's not too depressing. It's because I'm taking a negative five to hit.


It misses.


Keep drinking.


I can just go down and ask. I was going to mention, I do look like a guard right now.


Do I notice anything?


I back into a corner upon seeing this, as Percy ruins the moment.


Sneak Attack, sorry, I always get this fucking shit confused. Sorry. So half of that is, so 34 plus seven is 41.


Go bold!


Yeah, we have a silver ring with a little blue gem on it.


Let him! Let her.


Hey! I did pretty good.


I mean, full disclosure, I'm a little rough around the edges, but you catch my drift.


You're going to get the hit. With me, too.


I follow him and sit next to him.


Easy, Beau. Remember what you said!


Can you make the manacles bigger? Giant-sized?


All right, I fly over to Scanlan.


Humanoid and two creepy-crawly guys. If it pans out, we take them out, and the skeletons over there can't see over here. If we are quick, and then we go!


No, that's not fair. As long as we can make our way back here again one way or the other, and I suppose that's true.


Is that the same one that was here last time?


And their Loot Crates to clean up all the dust in the Dust Bowl. Thus saving their farm and the American Dream. (cheering)


Were they still, though? Are they?


What--


I'm going to try to get a vantage point where I can at least get where he's only three-quarters cover. So I suppose I'm going to head south down the alley to see if I can get a--


Yes, dude. Way not to be dead.


I say three, two, one.


I'm from Nicodranas.


Until he betrayed us and tried to eat Scanlan's brain.


Could I have hit him in the tail?


I pull Scanlan behind me, and tiptoe right behind this asshole.


What else can we do to put off dying by four ancient dragons?


Use your dice.


Oh my gosh, it's so pretty! The panels behind us. I was just admiring--


For about-- I don't know, when did I meet you?


Right?


Wine?


Face her towards the wall.


Is that an indication of other body parts? Do you have anything there? Do you have nubs? What are those?


Three points.


I step to the side and push it open.


It's a radio play!


Tiger on tiger?!


I don't know, I'm just saying it might be magical.


And the floor is bronze?


Because we probably need to talk to Gilmore about the credit.


Is he aware of my presence?


Can I assist him 'cause I winked?


(thuds) Ugh!


I would give me the advantage, probably.


What the fuck should we do?


(whispering) Back to the master!


Meanwhile, the twins are looking at our home, sizing it up.


17 other pirate ships?


I close the mouth.


It's rough.


Have we stopped broadcasting?


It's really frustrating. I feel like we have all the pieces here. I just can't figure it out.


Tell her she did good.


Oh, you recognized it as a mountain range! That's great!


It's from the walking company.


All right, well, that could be another-- Does that seem like a good idea for a bear?


Okay. I quickly pee a little on the side of the wall, just a little bit, okay. Zip up, turn into an owl and get outta there. At level five, because I'm out of level four.


Never mind, that's fine.


Are you saying what you see?


I'm going to turn to the other side of him while not being very aggressive and I'm going to--


Good times, guys.


12. No, really?


Before you write this letter, let's time jump again. Before you write the letter--


This is a really loud gong. He takes four damage.


I already took seven silver. These guys sucked.


Do you want to march in there, solo, while we stealth--


I will also check for traps.


I don't like him either, but I'll just say two words: Hotis bait.


And we have a guest.


Have you had any luck finding an arcane--


He's huge! All right, okay.


I run to look over the edge to take care of Kima, too.


And wrench. And you're going to get the second one.


What is it with people and our fucking silverware? You can take the money! You can't have the items! These all have very sentimental value, including those fucking dresses you destroyed. You little--


I can try and do whatever you want. I can run around and punch a bunch of holes in it, whatever.


Oh well, because we are really good at killing those.


I hand him one skin and I say  Here, this one's water. This one's booze. Take the water and I pour it out on one of my sashes and dab off his forehead a little bit. You all right?


And the scented candles?


I did not know that this works for others.


Turd burgers.


Oh, it's a pen.


No, you're supposed to stay inside. If I see anyone coming, you distract them.


No. To my left.


You're insight checking--


I guess I'll go with team Caleb/Yasha.


It didn't do it. The beacon wasn't the thing that did it.


It's a five feet by five?


That could come in very handy.


Is that a yes or a no? You don't have to fucking brag.


And you're also strong, and you'll need this sword. And I give her my Singing Dawn Blade, which has a unique little imperfection at the bottom of it, and I say, this sword has killed a king, which makes it almost worthy enough for you. I hope that it keeps you safe until I can see you again.


Oh my god, behind you!


Only if we follow your example.


Oh no, wait. No, 15. Sorry.


No, I look awesome.


I play a card game by myself.


Night, Nott.


They did not see this shit coming. At all.


To let him know that his daughter is still alive.


I'll see if I can find Dairon.


All right, here we go! Don't fuck me! Yes, 20, bam. Bing bam boom.


Is that why you are what you are now?


Just for my own giggles, I'm going to cast Detect Magic really quickly, because this place is giving me the creeps.


Well, you can come with us for a while, all right?


That's it for me.


Well, of course it is! Why would I carry a non-magical item on me? That's ridiculous.


So sorry.


That's just embarrassing.


I never leveled up Trinket's hit points when I leveled up.


I don't know. I don't use it a lot.


(as Nott, but badly) Pip pip cheerio! Mystery solved! Roar! Buttons!


Is it Candyland? No, I don't remember.


I obviously can do that, and I have a little bit of reserve left, but we are still not topside yet, so we can either sit for ten minutes and I can tell you exactly what it does, or we wait until later. But I'm not willing to do this--


You're in the wrong group to being saying that shit, man. (all laugh)


Were you ever used in rituals with these bowls?


All right, Keg! Kill them all in one turn! From 45 feet away.


If you die, I'm sorry.


Nobody.


Cool. Well, go big or go home. I'm going to try and jump towards the tower and grab onto that ornamental fixture that's just above the doorway.


Is it like a cityscape?


We'll be going in over the top, trying to get rid of the thing controlling the Elder Brain.


That 30 minutes fucked us.


So we have a short list, is what we're saying.


You get a fucking concussion.


Is that a bite?


Can I at least rise us up to where we're close and we can get there?


Hot hot hot hot hot.


Three, two, one, go! (yelling)


So wait, she was on the other side of the gate?


We'll turn in.


But you don't know.


Both hit.


My cornhole friends.


Extremely aggravating.


Just wait on the fucking porch!


I don't understand how, but it looks really great. It's like metal and bone, and I (drinking sounds). That's me.


That was the weirdest, cutest hiccup I've ever heard!


Mm-hmm. (dramatic music) (explosion) (slide guitar music) (whimsical music)


How far is he from that statue?


So, wait, the Slayer's Take, what?


A little bit.


Are you serious?


They're not coming from where they're from, they're going.


I'm so excited. I haven't heard yours yet.


Now get in the canoe!


Don't worry, he can't be killed. Just like all of us can't be killed.


I give him an ample amount of powder.


You can't lie about anything. Do not lie to her about anything. And one of the ways we can lie best is by truthfully saying we have no plans against her right now because we have no plans against her right now. The more we talk, the more she will be able to perceive our deceptions, if we have any. Be very careful. This is going to be very dangerous. There's going to be a lot of improvisation.


It's a d4. So, 14.


Dig in. Maybe one hit point worth of--


The other one, then.


Forgot what it feels like.


Death saving throws? Yes.


What do you think, Grog, what do you want to do? Walk right into town?


No, no, no, switch to the Cabbage Patch! And I start punching Fjord and Beau in the shoulders.


I'll be right back. I head downstairs.


Two plus seven is nine, thank you.


Yeah, I set off. To find Kashaw with Vex.


Hey, you're welcome.


Sure, yeah.


I don't believe him. I do not believe him.


God, I hope so.


There are skirmishes at the border, and soldiers are moving east, lots of them, worth noting. We're trying to avoid it.


Protect our goliath!


Wait, does the Bastion of Flesh sound familiar?


Horse is fucking fine. Hey, Jester, do you have a bandage? Do you have a thing?


Yeah, do I see any shapes and colors and sparkly things?


Folds?


What are you throwing?


You are supposed to not drink that--


No, you've done way too much for us.


Mass? Mass Suggestion?


I slam my staff on the ground and I cast Anti-Life Shell and I say, (shouts) everyone in the shell-- we're running!


Are there any trees nearby?


That was fucking awesome.


Like the trolls. I think there's quite possibly things that live in the muck. Probably not on top of it.


I'm at the other side of the world, but you could probably get close enough to do something if you ran and not get in anybody's way.


Listen, an example of what not to do.


Oh, I don't know which one to roll.


Yeah, the same with Jester. All the way up to the dome.


Who's got the book?


What are the odds that I would make a total hash of that? (laughter)


The dice don't give a shit--


Damn it. That's 11.


What does Xena do? (Xena fighting call)


Meat. Cat.


I think he's dead.


Can we send Frumpkin now with the package? Just send him now, out the window.


I'm going to inspect these two plants. If there's anything that would have been difficult to get to past these two plants. I feel like maybe those are the-- they might be --


We got to talk a lot. We talked about his background...


33, 37 points of damage.


Wait. Hold that thought. So that's two things.


I wanted to cough for her.


Because we're terrible people.


Sure, yes. How much for four healing potions?


We could do whatever you wish, Grog. Do you have a particular ability called Magic Weapon?


It was literally bucket list! That was one of the things we discussed when this game started; it could lead to a game with Vin Diesel.


Yeah, but you know, I feel like in so many situations we go: "What happens if I push this button? Let's just see what happens."


Distraction is them.


Keyleth, get us out of here?


I'm not worried about that part of the question.


She's feeling ill. Does she need to lie down?


You had wings.


Let's take a moment here.


It technically is tomorrow.


I could try to tell if she's evil or not. Would that help?


Especially when he got burned by Tiberius.


Until noon tomorrow, right?


Okay, then a hundred.


What would it do?


Which I'm starting to get a very strong feeling of.


Heads or tails. Okay, so one is heads.


Ugh. He's zombie beholder now.


You still have my inspiration.


Sabian is the same person as Vandren?


Yeah, against one of the pillars in the bar, away from the innocent people.


Yeah, poke the DM. (glass shatters offscreen)


'Cause it smacked the shit out of me.


What? No. Hey!


So if we kill that dragon, what do the other dragons do in that moment, and are we ready to take on Thordak right now?


Rage-hoarding. the horde you rage-looted --


Jimalkaori.


Just step back, all right?


Really? The crab cakes messed with me a little.


Yeah! Let's do this lucky one. That's not too bad. 28.


I've tried this experiment in real life. It never ends well. (laughter)


On the website.


Thank you, Blindspot. Oh my god.


I mean, land and then--


As I dart by Jester, I go  fucking crystals! And that's it.


Fuck, balls, shit, cock. Still hits.


That's just a regular attack.


Should we talk to your dad?


That sounds bad.


I will mutter a few words and turn into--


I'm going to do Extort Truth on him, spend a ki point.


Okay. Ah, no. I rolled a two.


Did you roll it?


Gloves of Missile Snaring.


Not the mantle! Yeah, that hits.


Okay, I'm going to cast Mage Hand to hold the dynamite.


It looked like rain, right? I'll be out there with the pigs.


I inspect it first.


You guys take care of this.


Roll it and be proud. Ooh!


This feels like a lot of meta conversations.


Illegal?


26 points. And is that all the bonus?


There was a battle. And we felled it. That was more or less how it went down. It was a simple trap, it was elegant, and we barely survived.


Are we all in?


I'll be doing that at disadvantage.


No. No, never mind.


It's okay, we'll figure it out.


I didn't actually do anything because they were unconscious.


Fun fact  Sam shares a birthday with my mom. That's why I'll never forget your birthday, ever.


Can you drag her in?


Baby oil.


Scanlan Shorthalt!


You go into the woods, there are creatures that live in the woods that have been affected by the land, that have gained some--


Caduceus, do you actually even know what you're looking for?


Okay, I'm going to hop off the boat and break eye contact with the captain of the boat so that I can Disguise Self into a crownsguard.


Cotton candy Pike.


Skull was next on the list?


I don't think that would work. It's sort of a thing that I can do and I'm pretty cool at it.


She's pretty drunk. You're pretty drunk, Beau.


14


I am definitely in the room.


Oh, great! How much do you want to front him?


Yeah. That's what we call the Bailey switch. Got home and it was like, fuck.


Maybe there's a Murphy bed or something extra in the room.


He doesn't even understand what just happened.


Shit. Okay, cool. Instead of walking towards the anvil, can I start walking to the right, towards one of those chains that's dangling on?


Okay. (singing to the tune of "Thank You for Being a Friend") Thank you for being our Yev. Backed up all my shit again and again. Your app is true. You're a pal and you pay for our show. And if I nuked my laptop, viruses fill the whole thing up with porn. I would see you and you'd send my hard drive back to me and the card attached would say, "Thank you being our Yev."


Gilmore was scrying on them. It took three days for him to get here. That's how he knew.


I'm going to turn right and blast through that door. (laughter)


Yasha, what do you want me to do?


Beautiful. 25.


DM the Overlord!


Second attack is-- Second attack is (sings) 21!


Is it a secret island?


Since he's right there!


Can I hide again and circle around further?


Yes  yai.


18. 23!


(singing) You got the perfect warlock. (laughter)


If you would, your majesty, yes, first of all Whitestone is once again ruled by the de Rolo family.


You've always been so thoughtful.


Well no, we are just going to find the toad. You said this. We're camping and waiting and resting.


Oh, sure. I crawl out from under the bed. Caleb? I got you a present.


Spontaneous combustion.


That's a good sign. I think that's a good sign.


Oh. Well, why?


You can't do any better that.


There's no windows.


We said that multiple times.


I'll let you know. Not great. Double digits, but barely, once again.


You know what? 82 people tweeted me that Pike speaks Dwarvish. So thanks guys, thanks.


Reenact it for us.


I start reading.


Yeah, lick those gladiator assholes!


Hundreds?


You have knives. You could cut your way through the back of the tent.


Yes. No. Just. We'll be back. Bye!


But soon.


I have one other thought.


Was that a Matrix reference?


A silver. Okay, this is great.


In front of you.


Oh. Uh, I don't have any of the shit in front of me! Critrole? Is it Critrole now? It's Critrole again? It's back?


Do you know Evantica?!


What is your name, friend?


(whispering) Probably not important.


Why are we following him?


She travels and has helped--


I am going to-- it's such a short shitty movement--


What would you do with a really large tent?


One vial of acid, great.


Let's do it, let's roll again.


I want to hammer in the morning, and I want to pull my hammer out of the wall.


Show him the paper, Vex.


A classic! That is the world's most famous Magic: the Gathering card!


I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Hexblade's Curse on the big ol' fellow that Caleb pointed at.


If the opportunity arrives to take out Raishan, then we do it. Beforehand. If not, immediately after Thordak is dead.


Denied, and I'll launch two Eldritch Blasts in his direction.


It goes a little further, but I just didn't want to go too far on my own.


Watching. Can I look into the eye of the sword, do I see anything?


Still stunned? Oh, so I got off--


We got this, guys.


Great. And the second one. Neither of those are a crit, but that's a 24 on the second one.


(gasp) Follow the bird.


I don't remember her name.


Bloody. Horribly. Brutally.


Who has it now?


No, it's okay, he needs to stew in this for a while.


Was not anticipating that.


I've still got him grappled at least. That's it.


I'll deal with that, as well.


Come on. Concentration?


Oh man, I want to hear that story.


Yes you've just come down the stairs.


Oh, that was a crazy one too.


Well, I'm just saying.


Love you, Scanlan.


Maybe we should just go?


No, we aren't going to make it to Ank'Harel by dark. Yes, of course. That's all. Thank you!


I feel like that's a compliment.


How far back has Febron gone?


I just want to say, we gave you guys the other temple, in which you found your stupid waistband, but we got really fucked up from it! Everything has a consequence and a price and shit. Nothing is free.


Have I rejoined her?


Well, that's what a rebellion is.


Very briefly.


We'll see.


Do I have an extra action or anything?


How is it that you saw him before?


Pull. Me. Out.


I do! I'll do Healing Word.


Am I detecting any evil?


Let me see it!


Just walk out with handless, bagged man?


I really appreciate it. It was great to hang out. Watch the magic happen. My favorite quote of the night was, "Don't be sad bear, be happy bear." (laughter)


Tiberius was teaching him Draconic.


It may just hover there if we knock this.


Do you need a hand up, brother?


You haven't been that strong, but anyway.


Do I roll anything? Can I do anything?


Hide!


(Infernal voice) Get the fuck out of here.


This is so silly. I'm looking for a good stone.


I hear her say that, and for ten or 15 seconds, jump into Frumpkin's vision to see what I see.


Percy, undead!


For that we'll need some bindings of some sort: chains, hooks, spikes.


(whispering) Go faster. Go faster!


That sounds fine.


I hope you're okay with being blindfolded.


Yeah, yes, can't roll above a five next week.


If we stop by the merchants' guild we may still be able to be armored escorts for people.


I bust through right behind Vax.


All right. I'm going to shoot the special arrow, question mark.


Eenie, meany, miney, mo. We go rightwards.


Just step back and call for help.


Come on, Trinket.


That is a 27.


I require drink and lumbar support.


(exaggerated Cajun accent) We'll be very careful. We guarantee. (laughter)


I got three fives.


I'm awesome.


Voloshin?


How much I owe you for the first round?


You took a walk with her. Was that okay? Was it awkward?


I do. I wish to send it towards the rakshasa. Concentrate all fire on the rakshasa.


Oh, six, thanks for that.


Don't worry about it, it's four.


Yeah, the hole is--


So, all of us can see?


I can never get it right.


Should we have someone near where the dragon is, so we can get eyes?


Yeah. It's hammer time. I'm going to run down here-- five, ten, 15-- right there, to this side.


We're giving him everything but the black boots, the sword and the sheath and his money.


Sure, it's a bite attack. A 24.


Got him right in the ass. It just gets straight damage?


He's probably with the Briarwoods.


Yeah, when you asked what happened to him, what did she say? [laughter]


Okay, I'm sticking my ear to the door, and I'm going to listen for a full minute to see what I hear.


Fire!


Can we go to bed?


Yeah, and you come down here.


So, I'll cast it on us now that they're closer.


Well, I would hire a couple of people to come with me, but if you'd like to accompany me, I'd be okay with that too.


Tear his head off!


Oh, they're coming with us, they're like coming with us through the whole thing?


Small?


I know, it's been two years, and we don't know.


So-- fuckin' A, this is complicated. Okay. Then I would cast, oh, shit. I got Grog out. Who's almost dead?


No, no good. Eight.


Healing potions out.


So much!


And whenever we steal jewelry off of people, maybe we keep it instead of selling it.


Yeah, we're picking up and moving expeditiously away.


H-hi. I give the money to Percy to give to him.


We're going to.


Uh-huh. I'm going to attack him.


And Trinket?


I'm ready. Who we fighting next?


Put that on like a Japanese businessman.


You can tell a lot from people just by looking at them.


Use what? I can't see you.


It's okay right now.


I hand a torch.


She's really good at stonecraft.


What should we do? We left a hole in the floor.


What does a common healing potion do, by the way?


Last time you were alone-ish, you almost killed two guards.


I will sing a song of rest. And it goes a little something like, ♫ Scanlan make you feel good ♫ ♫ Scanlan make you feel real good ♫


Exactly! So what are you going to do? Live a decade going, the Raven Queen's expecting something, or are you going to live a decade going, well here's my fuck-all life, I'm enjoying it?


Lots of bats. They're very nice bats


I hop over next to her. (gasps) I've been looking everywhere for you.


So the Crypts?


Windows?


We'll wait here.


I light up my hands.


Okay. (sighs)


In himself?


Give them out to seven people. Start playing Dungeons & Dragons with them.


She wants to fuck your brains out.


Looking for secret entrances!


We made up a plan, too!


Okay. 16?


Let's check in at Westruun. Drop off the book.


It's just flying around.


Put me next to Beau.


Maybe we should think about getting them some coffee or something? Before we have to go back down?


Scanlan One will walk around the side of the thing.


I'll get within 30 feet and then hold my action to shoot.


So they're about to go away.


C'mon, dangerous nerd, do it!


Does it feel magic?


Matt Mercer is going to join us for the Wednesday Club. We may have a few other guests. You want to come?


Do you sense calamari?


I'm going for the Tear whiskey, fuck it Take a swing, and I pass.


You're bigger in spirit and heart.


Are they in bags, pouches, boxes? Is it just loose?


Or a ghost! Is it Halloween?


I stop laughing.


I couldn't do this without you.


It's not a book.


Can I use my coin that Tary gave me? My coin of Revivify on her?


I might be able to buy diamonds, as well. If we go to a city.


Oh, I've got two vials of that shit.


I don't know, should we attack him or should we let--


I forgot to do the 2d8 of booming damage on the gentleman behind Molly. So that's a big one, and three, so four points of booming damage.


No, you're right, we do.


I like the plan of going up the other side of the chasm.


That's why we came here!


That cluster of the pixies over there? I'll see if I can get three of them in a Fireball.


Jesus, Laura.


All right. He's going to just be in there, roaring. Get them, Trink! He's going to roll a 21.


This guy is from the Dwendalian Empire, from the Julous Dominion.


All right. I'll come find you, dear.


No, you cannot keep them.


Everybody, if you could choose whatever fantasy world to live in, what would it be?


Percy, a city is nothing without living people in it. A city is made up of the people that live inside of it.


I'm going to do it at fifth level. It's a second level, but I'm going to do it at fifth level.


The Divine Gate.


I would like to start backing up towards, in this direction, towards Nott, away.


She uses a different dice for everything, Travis?


I haven't broke concentration--


Does she have to deal with a lot of jealous suitors?


Yeah yeah yeah, he just has to vanquish me.


I'm just saying. We're heading into the mines. We are going to encounter very many arcane objects potentially. In fact, Lord Thunderbrand sent us over here. That's his name, right?


Thank you, Liam. One of the eyes on one of the peacock feathers is a bright crimson red, which any of you if you'd ever made a fucking insight check would know. God, I was waiting for you to fuck with me. It's also the same place that he bleeds every time that he uses any of his powers. There's also a red eye on the snake on the palm, and there's a red eye on the snake on the opposite side of the hand.


Oh, no. I've got to sleep.


They're going to notice--


You're gnomic lawn art.


Nine eyes?


Are you sure you don't have greed in your heart? Lust in your heart?


Should only take 20 minutes to get to the house, shouldn't it?


We made announcements online.


No, I'm serious, you had a good thought!


Write a check.


(groans) Kitty! I would like to go into a frenzied rage, and charge at Clifford the big red dog. (all alguH)


He can fly?!


We'll have a proper burial at sea.


I can make you a foot taller or smaller.


Burt Reynolds would be a dream guest.


I come around the side of the wall. Hi! Oh hey. And I shoot at the other guy.


I take a breath and I start looking for a door or any way out of this.


I start walking out of the Sanctuary.


All right, that's Percy's vote. Keyleth, what do you say?


Oh, yes, I'll sing an inspiration song for both of them.


I'm not fast.


I've changed my outlook on life because of you! What the fuck are you talking about? Of course we all love you--


What, I'm fixing it! I'm using the Mending Wheel.


I feel like they'd be able to tell. But whatever.


200 gold?!


I reach up with my fingernails, and I carve these scrapes down my face, and I leap up with both feet, and I jump down on his head. (yelling)


So it can't be if he just touches it?


This season got dark. Season got dark.


Six, 16, 25, 31 points of damage. 31 points of damage with four points of that being ice damage.


We have one amongst. Okay.


We have the necklace.


There is a Message spell, maybe in the form of a text.


Well, first--


Let's keep this structure standing for now.


But we just finished your room!


Dude, that is a badass.


I have five feet no matter what? Okay. Goddamn. There's no getting back in anyway, so fuck it. Yeah, there's no sense trying to get back inside. I'm just going to be vulnerable. How far away is that one? Is that more than 30 feet away?


He saved from it, didn't he?


No, I thought we could bury you. Hold on. And I start doggy digging between my feet. I go into a Rage.


It is not a burrowing thing, right?


I rolled a one.


Holy shit. What the fuck. Breathe.


Ah, you know what? You know the way this is turning out, I feel like you can get all kinds of gold and silver.


Is it a fast drop, or do we float down with that water?


But it was like a joke for publicity, right?


For the Deus Ex thing.


They don't know we're here.


Evil god!


Yeah, well, if Grog can frigging make a hole in there--


It's his thing. Well.


What do you say we camp here for the night, everybody?


I could have helped, okay. Everybody's doing things too quickly. That thread will take me ten minutes.


Do you need any help?


Yes. Two, four, six. Is it six or eight?


(singing) Traveler take the wheel!


Yes! Petrification removal.


We're gonna name him Lobey.


Are we leaving him here?


2,600.


The necromancer is?


It's a nice place you got here.


Tonight we have one of those names with us. You may know him. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Matt Mercer. (cheering)


I'm going to go up and go tap-tap-tap on the mirror.


That's all right, I'm strong. One, two, three!


Keep this guy from hurting more people.


Sense of dignity, perhaps?


We'll be back in a few hours.


You could always try to take it.


Would he detect if I would cast anything on him at the moment? I don't know! Then I'm going to sit here and drink my drink.


I have extras, if you need some.


I will be exceedingly angry if I have to--


That was really cool.


No, we got all of it off, remember?


You might as well just pack it up right now.


That helmet is really something else.


While they're chaining him up and everything, I'd like to walk up and put my great axe just under his chin. Just as a reminder.


There's a lot of names.


I've been really stressed out here lately, and that might have been very impulsive. And I might have been blowing off some steam. And I'm really sorry! (crying) I thought it was going to be fine! I didn't know there was going to be rocks!


That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.


If he tries to run, you'll kill him, anyway.


It's totally--


Oh, that's a lot.


Yeah! Eat it!


What, they just approached me, they didn't attack me?


After this, I'll have five.


Yeah, Lake Superior.


I'm going to cast some-- I'm going to use my light maybe to give everybody a little view.


Caduceus, how will Fjord-- how and when will Fjord die?


(whispered) Okay, just checking.


Do you want me to stay with you?


I have a feeling The Gentleman isn't a guy that negotiates on time periods.


Yes, basically.


No, well, he's shorter than me, but, you know.


We're going to do recon. We're going to send out word to gather our forces-- where?


I was hoping that would happen, and then I'm going to dive and roll around Keyleth and stab the next one.


I do not. Nope.


This is with your rifle?


Wisdom, intelligence, or charisma.


Scattered amongst or categorized by language?


Scanlan will invoke the Blessing of the Knowing Mistress.


I was holding onto it in the hopes of finding somebody long-lived to sell it to.


I think it's gotten quite a bit away from us.


You could have told us the eye had a protective windshield wiper device.


I thought this was going to be a fun field trip.


We all have to go together so we don't fall out of range of her ring.


I mean, you're gonna take full credit for it later, aren't you?


Aw, that's a great ending. That's a good finish.


Do you see any openings down there?


And (shattering sound).


Yeah, I just killed it. Don't tell me what to do, dawg.


I'm gonna guess that's how you spell it.


This is fine.


Oh, oh. Okay.


Oh, sorry. What does that do?


Oh no.


We have to leave a paper trail, is that a thing that actually has to happen?


Yeah, you should definitely--


You turn around three times.


Are you fucking shitting me?!


Pumat, we'd like to introduce you to one of our friends. This is Beau.


That's right, that's three.


(whispering) Run away!


No. Don't use the gun.


(singing) And a hungry eye.


Where were you earlier, fucker?


I mean, what did it sound like?


Oh no, Raishan. We don't need your help. Let me say that right now. This all depends on what you want out of the end of the deal.


(gasps) You always drink water when we drink. Does it burn?


That's okay because if I move I am dicked. That's not good. That's terrible. The second one was so good though. That's not great. That's ten.


Concentration's gone.


Did she use the magic?


Wait. Did you roll that?


Oh? Oh?


Thanks, Pike.


How about some free drinks?


Son of a-- Well, you're welcome, ladies!


Does not hit a not-moving target?


Keyleth, you know damn well where I am right now, I'm sitting in the library reading books, so if you have something to say. Oh, wow, you're going way back.


Yeah, all right, so--


This is who I am now. I'm sure it's run out by now.


I take the mask off and put it in the bag of holding. But we got this! And I hold up the big-ass platinum greatsword.


No, I just wanted to really do that. That was really inconvenient. Let's help Vax.


I'm going to try and fix it.


"Here, Ma, I found your bagpipes to play at the dust funeral."


We are not bad guys.


Dope. I'm going to go over, and can I start clearing the water out of this tunnel?


That was fast! Just kidding.


Enthusiasm, Beau, enthusiasm.


I'll try to take it over-- I'm going to leave it on the ground; it's a little hot over there.


Tuna? Salmon?


Oh no, what are you looking at?


Or if she can draw us a map of how to get there.


Yeah. Sam. Put your hand up by your face. Now high five me while I high five down on the count of three. One.


I said, I see this happening. I go over and I use Friends to cast--


Do you want help?


Tal.


I'm going to hop off the horse and go look.


Would this be magic, Matt?


Hey, Matt. DM question? If we were to try and back out of here, and draw them towards us, what would that be? Just a tunnel?


I'm going to get a little further out. I'm not going to go off the board or anything. That's fine.


So I bet, first fortress you saw, I bet the one of obsidian was where--


Is this the same day as we disguised ourselves, or have we had a sleep?


There's a hole in the bucket.


Can he run after her?


That's 44 points of damage.


We're offended. I'm offended.


40 pounds of white dragonhide.


It's like a square. Like a cube.


It is a long way.


Oh! Who's the last dragonborn you fought? Do you remember his name?


Sorry. Oh shit! I didn't mean to fuck that up. Trinket, what's your vote?


He means Louis.


We walk to the temple, we don't enter the temple.


What's the matter, ballerina? I thought you should be stretched out and ready for this. And I reach back and I drive my fist into his nutsack. (laughter)


Yeah, are they on good terms?


Right. No way to transport it? None at all?


(yelling) You fool, your soul is forfeit! Die! Die! I'm going to look at the other two and start pulling out my bigger gun.


It may be good to blind them if they dwell under the surface.


May I have a moment of your time before you leave?


(sing) Rhinestone cowboy.


It's true. Half of us are animals, half of us are riders.


The Ozmit Sea?


Why limit myself to just one?


We could just leave it with Wilhand.


15. I do a back flip, I don't know. (laughter)


No, I'm gonna use wisdom. Excuse me, I'm going to use Luck. Oh, that's much better.


I'm going to down a potion. And then a quick question, too. Hunter's Mark has a duration of an hour, but since that last battle lapsed, am I then not allowed to slide it to this guy?


Yeah, I will-- Nott will continue to run down that-- Sorry, no. She gets to the top of the gangplank, she's going to turn around and nail Vera with a bolt.


Anna. I lower the gun and let her move forward.


He's right, I'll just take my regular tiefling form.


You can use the carpet because Percy's on the broom with me.


Who, who are you?


Could mean anything.


Keyleth reaches for Vax right as he goes in. Oh shit.


I gently push my sister to the side and try the same.


Seven. Okay. So that's all right. Bump bump. Oh, and look at that! It's all done! Look at that, it's all done. That all happened!


Can you make honey in that jar?


When you hit either one, or just when you hit the rakshasa?


Ripley's gone and also there's a goliath on the loose.


She Wolf.


Yeah, but it's more like a stroking thing. You don't just leave your hand in place.


Yeah? Shit.


Everybody's my type. I'm really pretty easy.


It's like the devil. Say his name and he will appear.


Do you know who his deity was? Maybe Pike knows him!


Oh great, that's 16 points of Eldritch Blast.


What's in the urns?


He's stuck, he's really stuck.


(sighs) My father is a very talented businessman. He can be hard at times. He has great expectations for everyone he meets. My mother is... a saint; she's perfect in every way. She's a wonderful person and... yes.


In a jar?


Yeah, it is. It's over here.


Wait, you?


I try to get within 15 feet of the thing.


Did we hear it?


You should take a shot at that.


Totally probably wouldn't have even have run up.


Does anyone want to help me?


Okay. Since he's floating, I'm going to go, (growls) and go for the spiritual guardian. Ooh, the first one is a 21.


All right, paint it is. Or tar.


Osysa?


It's too late. I shot an arrow at it!


Sometimes people listen to me.


That's a 30.


Nothing will get him except that.


Yes. I bet there's places in--


I'm a what? I'm a badger?!


You dick! You're such an asshole.


I was just saying my prayers.


We're coming in as a line together.


But we will be. Think about the giant amount of claws and teeth and eyeballs and leather wings and scales.


Yeah, let's wait until we know what we're doing.


Okay. I'll go with you on that.


Do I get a chance to whisper to her what I saw? Because I want to do the same thing.


I'm going to find the pitcher of cucumber water, dump it on the floor, and eat all the cucumbers. (laughter)


You can make it more believable.


Oh, plus ten! That's 15!


Hey, that's great. It's got four legs.


That's right. 19.


Would you care to give them to me?


Yeah, I am!


I don't even know what to do.


They can go down to the workout room, so they don't soil the other chambers.


I'm going to take a couple steps towards the wall and I'm going to get a little closer to that terrible little bard there. I'm going to put my back against the upward wall, so that I'm out of range of the big blue. Am I, like, 15 feet from the bard?


Stealth isn't dexterity, is it?


I'll go with Vax because I haven't been yet.


Nor us.


Capture!


We should go upstairs and show you to everyone else.


Does it look like they're coming or going from that island?


(slap)


But insight check is so much dickisher.


Also, asking the DM, not this dragonborn, but you had mentioned the Chastity's Nook. Caleb would remember if you said what area it's in?


I was doing death saves and it was not going well. Just for shits and giggles! (laughter)


He's a bard from--


It's really pretty. It's basically the nicest kind you can get. It's really fancy.


Descended around.


When are you going to be rich, son?


Too late, just leave them.


I'm keeping an eye out for poop.


12. Moving on up!


Fearsome.


I don't trust that she doesn't know anything. I'm going to assume that she knows everything.


Another investigation? 15.


We already have a rope down.


We're the first ones out the door.


I would have been dead!


I like dancing to dance.


No, there's two. There's two.


The question is, did you turn invisible, then run?


What if that line is the demarcation between pre-Divergence and post-Divergence or something like that?


Oh shit. Nice.


15, but that was a bit ago.


You shouldn't use wire to do that, Caleb.


I'm going to use Mending on the note. Oh wait, it doesn't make the words come back. Remember, we already figured this part out.


You have a good memory.


No fucking shit. He doesn't get thrown? What a dick.


Straight up roll. Here we go. Natural 20! (screaming)


I could give the four acid vials to whoever has the yellow liquid who wants that responsibility.


We say ja?


How did the kid die, Marisha?


He's a full-size action figure.


I know! What if they are?


Get the rest of my morning on.


It wouldn't be a pressure thing because we have water in us anyway.


Percy, what's your vote?


Whatever way is faster.


What if-- how much of that potion do you have?


I'm going to crawl. I'm going to go back half, so 15 feet.


Let's make it a business deal. We're talking about making a political decision. This is politics.


Hey, go fuck yourself. I stare him down.


Real talk, real talk, Scanlan. My sister will cut you.


I have no freaking clue! Hey Ulog, what do you want to do?


We knew we picked the right people for the job, but even so, it far exceeded our expectations. It came together really well.


Yeah, I climb on up! I start painting.


We may not have much time. Darkvision, what do we see?


Exactly what I was going to suggest.


No, it has to be my handaxe. Yeah, that definitely hits, 25.


This is discussion for later. There's more important things.


I'm pretty noble.


We're at the bottom of this pyramid. They're walking up to the top.


Yeah. Maybe this-- We got to come up with something better than green-skinned dwarf. That's not a real thing.


Sure, that seems like an easy thing to do. You seem pretty clean-shaven, though.


I will disengage and make my way towards Fjord and Caleb.


38 points.


--cleaning our bag out, exactly.


There are six basilisk eggs.


I could send them a present in the form of a candle, if you prefer.


I mean, we should get that, right?


Ja, let's go unleash the big snake.


Well, we're a team now.


You're compelled to say anything that's useful in what we're about to do with these people.


But we didn't get to go, because Nott just jumped it.


Is there any free platinum or gold or little bits I can start to put in my hands?


There will be a conversation.


Have they all broken? Maybe some just came loose.


You don't want to be that.


Ah! I'm going to go get back on the cart.


Ugh, that's huge.


Am I rolling for the throw, or for the spell?


Just go, just scry!


It's just so I can swim faster, that was not for you to advertise.


Yes. Like a briefcase of carrying.


Yeah, it's great.


Yeah, that's what I'm going for.


She directed us here, we thought, well, Dayana is just so sweet, she would of course help us out.


I'm amplifying.


If he could unattune to one, we can put him in the Hat of Disguise.


Keep moving.


Yeah. Yeah, we-- I just went around. (laughter)


So I rush up, and Percy takes off?


He also sang Gogol Bordello's--


Right, yeah, I think that's very important.


Do they look like Iron Shepherds?


Have we ever done that?


I am going to find our little friend.


Good, because I rolled an eight.


Just hit each other!


Six plus two. Eight!


We can just pay for it.


Like a pet?


1d8 for every two slot levels--


Hey, what's in that bag?


I think we were saying the password made it work.


Wait, tre-- oh.


You're planning to recruit this person?


Which will just add two to your AC.


That saves.


We can't be seen. We'd have to be in disguise, or one of us.


(singing) That's amaze-balls!


All the stuffs?


Jump right in.


You and me, Orly. We're going to be fast friends.


We're not being watched? You sure those hawks are hawks?


Without rules, you would win.


Percival, am I misreading the scenario here? Can I please just pour acid on him until he talks to us? It seems like he's holding back, am I misreading, here?


I died when I heard that.


You guys are so smart about this stuff, then we should do gold.


So we're stealthing again in the tree?


Ashley, we love you.


You didn't intentionally roll it.


The intro's been up one week. The animation takes a long time!


You there.


I'm not going to leave without your sister! Bye.


Aren't they in combo-- wouldn't that be sneak attack?


Yeah get your Zantac 75 now, bitch.


What? Your deity? Why?


Oh, it is a little itty-bitty Doty! And he's got a tiny little book! Oh, he's so cute. The little book actually has little pages. It's so cute.


How many times can it choose to do that?!


Fuck that hand.


Yeah, I'm going to have Trinket do one of his attacks so I can move and run.


I know we were in here very recently. You haven't got any overnight special deliveries of anything interesting, have you?


I take some of the manacles, and I manacle her hands behind her back.


Don't touch the snail until the--


Look at that mustache.


I'm going to put up the cloak and just sneak. We hear them?


I like this. Let's walk with our eyes closed.


I could have picked anyone to be with me here. Not this. You're rubbing my face in it because I threw your gun in the lava.


(whispering) Enon turned into a zombie.


I'm-- He's just staring at me.


Fjord regurgitates saline solution.


That's what it feels like, all right.


Should I have a fancy name?


So why don't we move the war room now?


What did you touch? What did you grab?


17? 21? Yeah, that's a 17. 21!


We have some secrets between us already.


Yeah. 20 points of damage.


I'm glad your mind went there, too.


Oh no, wait! I have multi-- earth elemental makes two slam attacks!


(gasps) It's snowing.


I feel my back, covered in hair. I'm back.


How far are we from the Mardun house? I don't know if the bird is going to know--


Who are you selling it to?


Okay, wait. I still get my move, right?


15 damage with the fire and the holy oil does an extra--


First show of a round's always the best. Without fail.


For my gun that I have.


We're going for 1200 subscribers tonight, and if we reach that number... good for you. (group laughs)


It's so weird. I totally remember walking past you and trying to leave.


I notice subtle differences that most of the living doesn't notice.


