Like a house of ill repute?


(laughs) That's 2d8 plus ten.


Trish the Dish!


We're not starting any fight, we're forming an insurgency.


I rolled hit points for him when I made him, and it was one, so he's gone.


We put our chains back on.


I know, you're so ornery. We fucking brought you back in here. We told you to hit it.


This is really cool!


Yeah, you're the one that bought him the drink. Look like you're drinking it, too.


Well, I make candles, just various candles.


(singing) Consider yourself! (speaking) Oh, that's a different show.


Not as good that time, Gil.


I want to see where he's going with this.


They take it pretty seriously around here.


I'm going to slowly walk away from the - slowly bring it out of the influence of the sphere.


I say  You're mean! That's ten on my initial hit, and then my sneak, seven and ten. So 17 additionally to the ten. So 27 points of damage.


But it's just one, so I was scared to go too big, and I just go (small zap).


It's $3 just for writing a word.


Doesn't hit, because I just got knocked down, so it went over my fucking prone body!


Ulog? What do you think? You’re really good at this.


Well, we've discovered, in our past adventures, however, is that every realm seems to be having trouble with the same sort of creatures, coming up from the Underdark perhaps?


Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.


What camera?


13 points.


"It will commence-- "


(laughs) Kidding, he knew.


How long does it take to make the trip?


Three? Five?


Ah, Jesus. These guys are unkillable.


The Earthbreaker is a fan.


Oh, actually, that's true. Actually, never mind. I'm not going to do that, I'm so sorry. I'm going to get them into the most advantageous position to make sure that everybody I want to hit is within 15 feet of me.


"I'd rather not use it."


Nope, stay together.


They're slave ghosts.


There's a part of the back of my head that's cramped.


Have you ever made him a turtle?


Throw a bomb, they attack it, then you can throw a fireball at the same time. We just have to get them in a cluster.


The doors are closed, yes?


That Kashaw, oh! Yes, that one! Yes, of course.


Then we'll be happy.


I'm going to turn around and yell at the manticore--


I'm not you. (laughter)


Is there a way I can hop over the web situation?


Should you puke it up?


We could easily get a head. Let's go right now. Grog's doing something. Let's go.


I'm going to miss you guys so much.


I'm going to drop all three points into violent shot.


(explosions, screeching)


And now turn it back, Keyleth.


I'm calling a meeting of the council. I'm sending out the word. I'm telling everyone that we have new information.


I got this, guys; don't worry.


Or if we want we could cause a commotion and have them come through the water at us and use the hole as a funnel.


Sure as anything.


Man, you can't control Kima!


So I'm at least as heavy if not heavier than Fassbender.


Nobody could hear me say, "Scaramucci, I fucked up."


What are we going to do? We're just going to go in without a plan? What are we going to do?


Well, just what you were just talking about.


Yeah, we were killing time. It is midday, we are at the Quay.


You can come with us, if you like.


Okay, good. Second attack. 26.


I have been, in past moments in my life, a scoundrel, I've--


All right, let's carry him.


Do they eat the bodies?


The fuck?!


Can I yell out, No! New best friend!


Excuse me? All right, so, I use disen-- no, I don't have to.


I'm so far away! I just want to know what he's saying.


I'm asking that of Claudia.


What a great board!


Does it also make you sober?


Eww, Keyleth. All kinds of nastiness.


It's good that you hummed. It was really good. It was good humming.


A fjour by Fjord.


Get a ten!


Roll them again. That was five.


(bird tweeting)


Let's go.


The broad?


I play an old, traditional gnome song to soften him a bit.


I've never heard of that.


No, no, don’t do that. He’s lying.


Argh, so close!


And now I can do my concentration. Let me burn another spell. I'm doing Cat's Grace on you. That fell to the wayside before.


While Jester and Caleb are arguing, Caleb grabs the little magical stone that's in that box and puts it in his pocket.


I would say probably.


I just wish you wouldn't have brought her into this.


I shove my sister through the tree.


I approach and saunter next to Grog.


Okay, I'm going to do something weird here and I'm going to hold you onto this. I'm going to get a little weird, and I'm taking straight chest shots and I'm just firing chest shots, and I'm just making a hole the size of a baseball in his chest. And as it happens, as I keep unloading, the gun still breaks and I'm still pulling the trigger.


No, it's not going to work.


So plus seven to hit. So first one. 18, so that's 20. Okay. And second one. That's not as good. 19? Sorry, 18?


20 with fire damage.


We've got to kill this guy. Or talk to him at least.


Okay. First roll was a 30.


Oh, it broke!


Hell yeah. Thank you.


Now cast stuff, butthole! I dissipate my Greater Invisibility spell so it can see me.


But I said it really quietly. (laughter)


I think you guys--


We'll take the Tongues potion. How much? Come on, give it to me.


Yeah, that'll hit. 23.


Fjord gets it.


Hey, back off old man.


Are they made out of toadstools?


Yes, yeah. I'm not letting it go. I'm still producing it.


We go straight!


And him. we can both go on the carpet.


I have this longsword. I have these old vases that we're going to give him. I have this old dodecahedron, and I open up the lead box. This is really taking up a lot of space.


Gnoll Washington! (laughter)


Uh-huh, I drop the spell, and as I drop the spell I want to grab some wall and bring it down to make a big vibration, right in between these two motherfuckers.


Shady. Aptly named.


Even I can tell that those are two--


Actually, even more than that.


We shall.


I think it would be.


Okay. And then I'm going to shoot her a couple times.


Horse nap.


And that's 12, 18, 28 points of damage.


Oh, thank the gods. Yeah, he said you guys looked very similar and thankfully it's not too much, or I felt bad for you.


It's a mountain-based tiger. I'm a white snow tiger.


That's two. Two winks! Ah hah hah.


Also 23.


Where letter-R letter-U?


Maybe, maybe not. That means that you were sent, and that you did what you thought was right. This thing could have been a terrible danger.


I yell to everybody else and I say, there's a tunnel through to the other side. Let's go. And I jump in and I'll sink and I'll start parting the water behind me.


What is that, a d10?


Let's do it. I want to see it. I want to see what it does.


I thought there was three.


It sounds amazing, that doesn't sound shitty.


Okay, I will cast Lightning Bolt on his face and neck area.


The first one was 21.


Do you have a map?


For my action, can I still see my duplicate around the corner right there?


I'm going to insight check him.


Oh guys, the jig is up!


I don't think I have anything else.


Nothing else to find, I found the key, dammit.


They'll stop playing nice. They'll start destroying.


Sorry, Matt. What do we do? He's going to kill him! He's going to kill one of them! What should we do?


Get closer!


Did you say anything? No, you were silent the whole time?


I think that we all got out of there. I think that we all tried our best and we're going to do better next time. I'm feeling very positive.


And Professor Anders? Who's that?


Okay. Did I already ask that?


Fighting so much; you should see how strong I've gotten.


I brought you stuff to identify.


Yeah, because there's one there--


Was he coming up out of the teleportation circle?


Yeah. Does it fit on any of me giant, Oscar Meyer fingers? (laughter)


Oh, I have. More than you can imagine.


Ask around? Let's just go house to house and kill everyone in all of them!


Yeah. Oh yeah.


It's somewhere in the building. We'll find it.


Good rolls!


No, Matt did the second one! Isn't that cool!?


What? It's Vaxmas?


Kids, huh? They're always wandering off.


No, your luck is dead.


I want revenge on this eye. Give it to me so I can get revenge!


And the dagger disappeared into something, right?


No. Just me.


I mean, it means your advantage cancels that out, though, so--


And just so you guys know, that was the chat room that decided on your fate.


Two at a time? Okay, first for the eyes and tongue. Ooh, I'll take that 18 and 20. Natural 20.


So it's a big old house. Can we like split up and get it over with?


You're perfect for that.


I start taking the chains off.


Over a 21!


What about the mayor's house where we heard Horace--?


I rolled an eight.


Yeah, I'm starving.


Into the cracks of it, yeah.


In your hand.


Wait, wait! (mumbling)


Yeah, I would like to move. Once I've struck, I'd like to get at least a little bit farther away from it to try to distract it from the opening where these guys might be coming down, so the opposite side of the opening where these guys might drop in.


I’m going to be fine, I’m going to be fine.


Anyways, why don't you guys just do the Sun Tree thing?


And I'm in a fight with Grog.


Yes. Very calm the whole time.


Who's Yenk?


Ambush? Sorry?


At the door!


Silence her would be good, too.


Damn it, didn't work. Matt, do you want to come do one? No, these are all innocent GIFs. You know how sometimes on Twitter you see a GIF where it's like this. Like, "What that commenter said, I agree." Just do that, just point up and be like "Yeah!" Yeah! Right? Yeah! That's a GIF right there! We just made a GIF! Last but not least, I'll do one, I'll do a success one where a d20 comes rolling in and knocks me out of the frame or something, I don't know, we'll figure it out later!


It is hard to walk on two legs, maybe four is better.


No, from where my starting point was.


Okay, I'll go for the 20, in case I roll a natural 20. I did not roll a natural 20.


Hm. I was just wondering. If there was any other potential explanation or--?


Here they are. (all cheer)


All right, I'll find a way to put it through my Twitter. So just keep your eye on my Twitter.


You've clearly been moisturizing.


20, 24 points of damage.


Do you want to wake up, do you have something important to say?


Oh, what do you deal in?


-- and then fly as far as I can towards the group.


Waxed?


I sit next to him.


Oh, he's just right across the way?


Hundred silver, y'all.


I got a 16.


So we set out our plan. Sewers. Make ourselves look like poor folk. Make our way into the Tri-Spire.


Great! That first one is going to be a 33 to hit.


Oh, really? Really? I just rolled a natural 20. Why couldn't I get that for medicine?


Ain't no party like a Hupperdook party.


I'm a cute little boy with a lazy eye. To match my grandma.


I'm literally, I think I cursed myself sometime between here and San Francisco.


Just drop that phat name of yours, buddy.


Off the back of the boat.


He rolled an 18.


That's the second one of the night.


It holds for up to an hour.


Come on! Project, project!


This is my favorite shop on the Citadel.


Did it look like airship or normal ship?


Okay, wait, hold on a second.


Let's go kick some ass.


What about all the bodies in the room? Are they still like, (moans)?


I think it's a perfect time to take a break and then--


Me too?


And you know that her and Vax are twin brother and sister?


I turn around. Is the tower any closer?


Yes, you do.


Old people love us.


Do I still have-- are we still--


Not quite my jam, but I'll still take it.


I'm going to try and break out of this chain.


On a failed save the target takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage, so that is a seven and it's restrained for the spell's duration. So it attacks at disadvantage and you attack at advantage.


Mm-hmm. Unless we want zero implications--


What if it's enchanted armor?


This is as I'm paused telling him not to do that.


I don't fully agree with that, either. Although I spent quite a bit of time before I met this group of people dirt poor. Beggar poor. It wasn't the best time of my life, but-- I don't remember my point. It was actually pretty awful.


It's a tiny ball.


The very front?


The minute he's in the high crops so he's out of visual from the other guard.


Does it get close enough for me to take a swing?


Gross. Were they dead?


Oh, that other room.


The Meandering Treasurer?


I'm not following, what are we doing? Am I an escaped prisoner?


It was made of gold, right?


Full disclosure.


Traps, which I deftly dismantled.


What? Percy?


A little signature.


Wait, super fast. We've got to go through credits. Right? Okay. So normally we don't do this, and I did this once before when we released our other opening title sequence. Yeah, 50th. So we're going to do this again. These are just people who do so much and who do not get enough love. I'm going to shout them out. Sean Becker, who's the unsung hero of Geek and Sundry, he's the executive producer. T.J. Rotell, he's our production manager around here, he makes sure that we actually have cameras. Maxwell James, our producer that makes this show go every week. Dani Carr, our production coordinator, also huge producer here. Steve Sprinkles, who directed that amazing opening title sequence.


Both daggers are magical?


Now it's a well-lit wall.


A natural 19.


If Grog comes across his uncle, yes, he would definitely want to kill him.


I'll head up to my room first and I'll pull Molly up with me, because I need to have a word with him. Molly, listen. I can't get over the fact that Nott was going through my stuff. I want to set a little bit of a trap.


Wait, okay, so Liam gets to say it.


The sorcerer.


I don't know it seems kind of small, doesn't it?


What's a vult--


Oh, I didn't roll for Trinket. Hold on.


It actually went quite well.


Make thy way to the castle.


No. Neither do I.


Yeah. Anything that looks out of the ordinary, out of place. On the wall, on the floors--


It's not overkill if you used what it took.


We didn't TPK.


Like doghouse size?


Yes, yes, I did punch him.


(gasps, sighs) "Hi!" I saw what just happened, right?


Vox Machina treasurer?


(grunting awake)


Ooh. Allura, what did you try?


Nope, nope, nope, nope.


Do we mention the Suutan bloodline or do you think that would be bad blood? Is that bad?


Show 'em the dice on the back


And that's seven damage.


Let's consult our notes.


Me and Pike, it's the only ones, 'cause it can't fit all of us, you have to try and frame it.


Did you say you rolled a one?


That's it? That's all you got?


He can't make it without you.


How rocky are those hills in between? Could we trigger a rock slide?


I'm going to say  I'm not your enemy, you guy with big teeth. But I say it in Infernal, because you know.


Defying statistics, one roll at a time.


One lone cake pop.


Let's play, Matt. Let's play.


And many more whose names were omitted.


That is insane.


Oh. 27.


Snake shape and a box.


What's in the other room? (laughter)


Wait. Wait. Is that the Clarota one?


I'm trying! Maybe he doesn't like me.


I'm 20 feet away. I will go 18 feet away from it and drop the grenade.


Might as well make a matching one. Reckless! Natural 20. (cheering)


Everybody just came out and we're standing in a big clump right here.


Wisdom saves.


(whispering) Mermaids.


But it was in a prison underground, under the tower?


Understood. Who's the most knowledgeable person next to Gilmore in this store right now?


On my whole head.


Yeah. 11.


All right, I walk up into the coals, take the platinum pyramid out, and I'll drop it down into the coals.


How do we turn a ceiling?


Oh shit, okay.


Who provided these?


I don't think we'd evaporate. I think he's fucking with us. I don't think we'd evaporate.


It's not a salad with meat on it, it's a salad made of meat?


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father, who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear, her own stolen Trinket, to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable and gives expert massages.


If we have it, then she's, she could say you're lying--


I didn't say my name.


He definitely had like a collarbone just hanging out.


Not great. 14. I have no dexterity.


Ja, could you please?


How about that costume, ladies and gentlemen?


Hey, I think we're getting closer.


Just dicks everywhere, dicks and dicks!


Even I feel dumber right now. (all laugh)


I literally never even had this experience in high school, it's throwing me.


Like a protein shake.


First attack and second-- first attack is a natural one!


16. Ah ha-- (yelps)


You want both of you to be right behind Sylas?


I have the worst headache right now.


I didn't even want to face the little invisible thing downstairs!


Can I peek around the corner where he just ran?


Free in the water


I'm just trying to use the water breath.


No, they both miss.


Give it to me. I'll take care of it. I'll send it away to a place where only I can get it.


Oh, her sword!


No, so I'll stay where I am, I guess. I'll continue to be flung around.


We need to share it with the world. Laura just leveled up, and her attack bonus went down.


Oh god, I hate all of this.


It does happen quite a lot, actually, yes. Now that I think about it, it's probably a little bit on me, I suppose.


You can move first, can't you?


Is it a specific kind of metal that makes a spark?


Don't have to activate.


Hey, Beau. I pull out one of the holy water flasks. Think you know what to do with this?


We could do a scout boat.


Blockages.


It's not far from here.


Utmost.


(whoosh) So, it's a constitution saving throw.


You're alive for once.


I'm walking down there.


So, for a longbow.


Rifle through her stuff.


(high-pitched) Heeheehee.


Yeah, I am. I have just joined the group. How are you doing down there, what do you see?


You know, at this point, it might be.


Sorry--


(whispering) Okay. (normal volume) What did I steal?


Well, I guess I have a little money to throw at this.


Diarrhea.


I don't know what it is. I just picked it up. Seemed like the thing to do.


I have an errand to run.


I can do that.


What about in the haversack? Does Jester have any funds in there?


No, but I heard him. He sounds very rough, or possibly sleeping? I don't know, there was a lot of heavy breathing. Very deep-- not, you know, shallow breathing. Not impassioned breathing, Scanlan.


All words I've never heard before.


I'm gonna use my bonus action to cast Hex on the kraken. I'm gonna Hex the kraken.


They're not speaking in metaphor. We know you can create water.


That's okay, because I slid to you.


It's pretty nuts.


Do we know where Vorugal has taken up roost? No one knows?


Maybe we can keep her in the cart or something?


She's giving you your pills.


And then leave.


Somebody keeps asking, and we'll do a show of hands here, Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones?


A long way.


We book it towards the tower. Right?


What's top-shelf price?


I like flowers! I dig in the back of my hair into a rat's nest, and I pull out a really old, wilted, dying flower.


I try so hard, I'm still the fucking worst!


I don't think so. I mean, I don't know, so I'm just going to say no.


I mean it would just be nice to, like, say hi. While I'm here at least.


I don't know what I'm looking for. 23.


Okay, cool.


Lay him in the grass.


What if the shark gets the how do you want to do this?


I'm here for about a week.


I have literally no idea what just happened.


We'll get you out. Just look for something cool, though.


I already have the hat.


Speaking in Half-Orc. Don't speak that.


Where is my friend, Scanlan One?


It's going to take place in the cellar.


Second run, yeah! Just hashtag them critical role and we'll-- oh, but if you're selling them already, there's somebody that's making really cool t-shirts on Redbubble, but if you're making them there, like, we can't print them too, so, like, just submit them to us, and then we can--


Only salads?


Oh man. You're welcome, New York! You're welcome. Take a bow.


No, no!


I'll win a Tony Award after all! I'll do whatever it takes--


I said we weren't going to! We're going to take it back to Westruun.


Yes, I've seen many. The little ones can be as small as hamsters.


Even if we weren't here on business, I really want to see this.


My passive perception?


It feels very meta.


Small Shit Keep.


Oh my god. We're going to have to kill some guards, aren't we? (laughter)


Do you have an example of these lodestones so that we know what we're looking for?


I take off my circlet, I guess, and I put on the hat.


God, you could seduce him.


Yeah. D&D Beyond, guys. You know them, you love them, and to celebrate Critical Role live in New York, D&D Beyond has set up a discount code, just for a limited time. It'll get you 25% off digital books on the D&D Beyond marketplace, but you got to use this code, and I'm not making this up, it's SamIsOurHero. [laughter and cheering]


22.


You almost did.


I'll sit with the cart for the first roll.


Want me to go in and investigate?


Balls!


Does anybody get an advantage after the Guiding Bolt?


Just because I have a five o'clock shadow, doesn't mean I'm not a woman.


This is because of the planetar, not Ioun? Planetar. This is how you must stay always.


That was for all of us?


(brief exertion)


Doty, come here, will you? Take this down.


Any one of us, one time. It can only grant this gift once a day to one of us.


That's as close as I can get?


You know what contraband means, right?


Totally forgot to ask, you don't happen to have any handwriting from the High-Richter do you?


And they live in mushroom houses.


I like big beasts. And I--


No, It could be poison, though.


Seventeen, shit.


What? What is that number? Why are you saying that?


I do. Shit. No, I don't have the papers.


They said it hunted something really intense recently.


Before I go to sleep, I do the silver thread.


Don't shoot any trees.


(noises of surprise)


It's so blue.


No, he's going to go into that other place.


There was a very frightened child over there with a bunch of fruit. (all laugh)


I go up to start seeing if I can salvage anything from this giant.


I made it up to the dead ones. That's as far as I got.


Second attack does seven. This is the flametongue dagger, I don't know if that's going to do anything--


Do they look like one of the--


I would like to go over to a quiet spot in the temple and start saying a prayer. And I'd like to cast Planar Ally. You beseech an otherworldly entity for aid. So I would like to call on Sarenrae.


Give me my fucking boots!


Scanlan, please. Polymorph him.


Lucius. Lu-chel.


No words! No words!


I'll have to look, but I think it hits.


(laughing) Oh my god, are you stronger now? Are you so strong?


He's an adventurer. (all laugh)


Bless.


Each trammel is 500 platinum?


Well we know it's named--


But he's going to go up like a kite now because it's going 60 feet all the way over there, where stone is.


What was Avantika's?


But we have to be able to get back out.


What, act like you're tied up?


You show up ten minutes after we start, you leave an hour before we end the game every week.


Well, I have a range on that. I don't like that idea, actually.


Wait, from a meteorite?!


If we pull some of the ice, I can try and make sheets of ice--


Karimaljika?


I'm feeding a potion to my sister.


Yeah, that's not doing it.


If we jump through the sphere of death, they might be expecting us on the other side of the sphere of death. If we Plane Shift, we might be able to come up with a flanky, secret, other tactic.


Can I follow the vines along and see where they're coming from?


I stealth up behind Keyleth and rest my chin on her shoulder and just say Whaaat the fuuuuck. (all laugh)


I guess, yeah. It was offering me things. It was telling me it could help. I've never felt that way before. It was amazing.


Fucking eight.


You won't be there to put my face in lava this time! I'll just have myself to do that.


And I will use the rest of my movement, I think it's five or ten feet more, then to back away towards the cart once I've done it.


What do you do, hot shot?


As far as I can get, 120 feet. If there's a nook to scoot behind in the corner, I will.


We are, in fact, a group of ambassadors from the continent of Emon, from the cities of--


I think that's about 15 to 16 votes if my eyes don't deceive me.


Disguise him! Put him in a hat, gloves.


It's a 4th-level spell.


I need 25--


I didn't see any difference in it when I did what I did, ja?


Nine. Nein.


Wait, these servants will do whatever you want to do?


The treeline.


Listen, we know we're bastards.


And that does seven points of damage.


Piranhas, that's why.


And we have this map that goes to the Swaven Islands? We heard the name earlier.


Oh, that is so sad. Can you heal it? Can it be healed?


Yeah, it was like a whole new way to tell history. It was just so good.


We've seen that window thing a couple times. It's good.


Heavy is the head that wears the crown.


Ashley's got this.


Okay. I will disengage and run.


Okay. Yes. Ugh.


She's an adult. Deep levels of arrested development, but an adult nonetheless.


We know he's going back to Stillben.


We keep changing places and nobody's going to know where we are. Pike is in Whitestone. How do we let her know we're moving? Or are we coming back here?


(Grog voice) I'd like to punch the wall.


Oh, man. All right, 155.


A lot of this was in the hopes that maybe it would never happen, keep moving, keep quiet.


You did? You knew that the moment you saw him?


Then yeah, at the bottom.


I like it. You want a hand?


She said with confidence.


Can I try to do something right now?


We're all about to lie down for a three-hour nap. What are you talking about?


No. Are we alone?


Well, wakka wakka wakka! Thanks, D&D Beyond, this was wacky Sam Riegel saying, "Go Dallas?!" Fuck you! Back to you, Matt. (laughter)


Caleb and I have come in at this point and I turn to Caleb and go: I feel like I may be regretting my roommate choice tonight. It's just a hunch. I think he's in his element.


16 attacks.


So mine's plus ten. That's with this dice, right?


What's that about?


Goblin side.


We should really get a map, you guys. I haven't spent a lot of time in this area and I don't really know where we're going.


I got dwarvish dice to distribute, too.


You better run fast and not get taken!


Hi, I'm Tiberius Stormwind.


I run over to the edge of the water and I do a swan dive and as I swan dive, I turn into a shark in the water.


I hope he kills Orthax and isn't even here.


Let's talk now.


Like a hundred yards.


What are you looking for, dear?


Man we're like a strong couple of women! (laughter)


She's gone?


And 12 on the second.


Of course you didn't.


You are a terrible stage mom, by the way.


Come on. Okay, 16. But I'm going to use War God's Blessing and add ten.


He's hurting.


But you can't hear what's on the other side when you're popping in and out, can you? Oh, yes you can! That's right, you can.


What's his name? What's the guy-- Orly? Say Orly sent us and try to get out.


(demonic voice) Present!


That's four.


My perception is six.


Oh, no, don't think of me, please. I've only been fucking missing for two weeks.


Out! You're out!


I'm picturing the flat kind, so it can whack.


Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different?


It's cool. You look really cool. Hi.


I approach.


I'm assuming I'm there?


I watched all of that, and when I saw him lean back into the earthen wall, I quietly back up and I'm going to go down the tunnel, like 50 feet, and see--


Probably. I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


Use your laser pointer, dude.


We were in Syngorn.


He could tell you more, but I know she was a mortal who rose to her godhood, and I know he's looking for a similar path.


First one is an 18.


It's so good to see you. Sit and relax, I know where everything is, you don't have to-- I'll get tea ready for everybody. Just sit and relax.


How trapped is it?


-- 23, 33, 37.


You just do it, it just takes time.


Yes, not dash, just walk in a way that he could be easily shot.


We're going to loot the corpse anyway. We know where that money's going.


What if--


Well, the good news is, we can let you go. You're free and clear, the Briarwoods will not be a problem anymore, and Whitestone is rather pleasant at the moment.


What's family for other to take advantage of?


I have Retaliation. I forgot about it. That's all right.


I used to come here on a ship and we used to bring you guys a lot of supplies, so, you know. (gasping)


We can also maybe have a second to breathe and have a second to maybe identify that stone we took.


Deborah, can you be here every week?


Nope. Big 13.


Well, I have some heavy lifting on my shoulders, I'll take a bit of it on now.


I rub my arm across it to try and clean it off.


Thank you, Sprigg, for everything. We've only known you a short time--


Yeah. It's all gone.


I know. Fucking--


It can't make noise though, right?


Well, I believe in you. And I need you for a very important commission. A great good has been done here by the rebels, by the townspeople, with the help of Vox Machina and of course, with the help of Vox Machina's leader, myself. Therefore, I'm here to commission a humble portrait of myself. You may not know him, but there was a folk hero in my town growing up. His name was Fabio. He would frequently pose with windblown hair and an open shirt on a horse. I was thinking something like that, and also I have this figure of Pike. She's a friend of mine. I'd like her on the back of the horse, arms around my waist, looking super hot. If that's possible.


I remember the height.


See, it's interesting, because I would say the opposite. I would say it wasn't that coincidental, because--


Yeah. Here's four more for me.


Yeah. Also, I forgot I just announced I'm going to be at Loscon November 23rd through 25th. So if you're in LA and want to check out the convention, I'll be hanging out there and talking about D&D and voiceover and all sorts of things like that. Loscon: L-O-S-C-O-N. That's what I've got.


Refreshing! What did you roll?


I'm going to jump on top of him and start rifling through his pockets.


Yes, we'll do this.


But he's not trying to investigate!


(Tiberius voice) Butthole.


There's nowhere to move, so I'll hang out by the door, maybe try to tuck behind someone bigger than me?


Just in a perpetual state of confusion.


There can be whatever you want.


Yeah, it's got yes-bait right in.


Why don't you make it two hours?


(counts quietly) 28.


There's always some.


Let's find out. You make a ranged spell attack.


What is with that dice and you, man?


Yeah, and the last one was a 24 total, so that hits as well. Okay! So that's two, one, yes. That's 14, 17, 22, 23, 25, 27, 29 into the wyvern.


It seems we have all day. What were your plans?


How many dwarves?


No, I was further over.


So here's the deal. Shadycreek Run is full of a bunch of shitty lowlifes. They're all murderers. They're all pieces of shit. The people that took your friends are the biggest pieces of shit in the entire place.


No, go for it. Oh boy.


Shit! Okay, that changes everything in a very bad way.


Sure. About what time is it?


Wait. You're talking about just taking a stroll through the forest with the Horn of Orcus?


Not going to move anywhere, just going to stay right there.


Hey, 14 year old kid!


Pot roast beast?


I say we keep going. If it's an emergency, we can all jump into the mansion, maybe.


Who's rubbing my elbow? It's weird.


Okay. So I sort of kind of tricked Gern, I'm a terrible person.


Nothing. It takes in the strength of who it slays.


Sorry. I'll go and get it during the credits.


No, thanks. (laughter)


I'm Vax.


Finish the evening off right. I'll honestly say I'd like to get out of here as soon as possible so they don't think we're running from the news. We get out of here before the news hits.


Great. Burn those spells.


Dex saving throw? You know. I'm going to re-roll that.


That can almost buy a book. 21.


Six-four.


Darling, this wasn't part of the deal.


Oh, Toto! Totoro.


No, she's advantaging me.


That was a burn.


A healing draught. It's not a potion; it's a bottle of healing shit.


Let's get some breakfast, before anything happens.


Oh my god, Marius!


No, I haven't.


We're on?


Oh, dope. 16.


Boom-boom.


Townsguard?


I signal at you to come over. I don't want to look like I'm talking to the people, yet. I'm just walking in their direction, and I lean over to my brother and say, God I hate this place, don't you?


Maybe you should try.


Yeah, we head towards the tablet.


Maybe she was a ghost the whole time!


If there's a time to blow your wad, it's now.


I have a habit.


And those things, we don't know if they could alert back if they saw something fishy like that.


Let's at least follow the path, find a place where we can hide, and recuperate.


Roll it twice and you get the lower number.


No, I am.


So, question.


Can you stick your fingers through the bar?


I like the magical flourish of the die.


Is he dead?


That's a crazy roof party.


Does it look like there's a little island nearby?


Anything on mine?


Yes, I feel so conflicted trying to hurt a cube. But I will. I will bash that cube until it explodes all over the place. Wait.


I pull the door a little bit shut behind me and turn to the group and say, this is a room made entirely of metal that presumably did not exist five years ago. I think this is probably bad. Sister, dear, would you help me look? Just from the door, please? Just look.


Oh! This is really terrible!


And what do you have, Jester?


I'm talking about you mostly, sweet cheeks. There's five.


Yeah, what is the order? Who's anxious? You seem jazzed.


Sorry. I used poor language. We're both by his head.


That's all I've got right now, but I do have sticky fingers. I hold them up, and they're covered in chocolate.


Yeah, my bonus actions, not a lot I can do with my bonus actions at the moment.


Did we? No, we opted not to do that for time's sake.


Let's have a real roll. That will do.


What does that mean? What?


You're welcome. Okay, that's it. But I'll see you outside at some point, okay? Don't be scared, come up to me.


How awful.


How many d6?


Overestimating the value of surprise.


Yeah. Okay. And I'm going to run around towards the back of the house.


Let's just-- a little further back, like another ten feet. I don't know if this is going to blow. It's better that it's just you and me.


20, Natural 20!


Don't know his name, he's just a dickhead. That's all you know?


It's $1000.


I have a 20. What do you want?


Can you do that? Do you need to know who her parents are?


I'm neutral good.


Yeah, well this is a bitch, ain't it. I'm going to try Eldritch Blast again at the pot, through the cage. At disadvantage, because I got to take one of those out of the picture somehow. Oh, I think that might work, 14.


One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.


What is the saving throw?


The orb.


I volunteered you to come with me to Kymal.


I don't think an onyx fortress.


We bought drugs.


What does yours look like?


You are very skilled in hiring talented mercenaries. That might be your strongest suit.


Of course we do.


Oh sorry, I thought we were just wrestling a little.


I have seen both of you vanish, so if you put in a little bit of time and elbow grease, you can either find places on these two hills that are conducive to us hiding or create those situations with grass or something, I don't know how to do it.


Just double-checking, because I have no brain currently, dice roll, dex modifier, proficiency bonus?


New plan.


I'm going to continue not disturbing the air as best I can.


Just one minute. (laughter)


So that's what I do.


Yay! Oh, she's a rogue.


My triceratops ass is sticking out.


Yes! Yeah, yeah, give me some of that. It'll warm me up.


The second T is silent.


So... that happened. (giggles)


That was Riegel.


Okay. Well, I still want to do that. So I'm going to try to scurry over the wall there, and go stealth.


Please. I will happily take that inspiration, please.


(whispers) No, they'll probably just put her in prison.


How was the new lady? Was she nice, was she a bitch?


No, ten damage. Sorry.


I feel like that ship has sailed.


Well, we definitely need potions.


I'll do it. I'm really good at knocking people out.


The Ravenites.


She was nice! She was tied up by a bad person! She was tied up by some elfy Boba Fett. She was fine.


Oh no, they didn’t!


Oh, I have a spyglass, I didn't even need to ask for Captain Adella's.


It's dangerous, though. It's officially dangerous.


Guys, I'm just going to say this one more time before we do this: he's way faster than Simon 2. Simon 2 could create a distraction. He could (snatching noise).


Aim for in front of the Scientology Center. It always goes over really well.


She rolled a natural 20 for her other roll.


"Ordered and paid in advance by the alchemist Oswind Grund, the client... This contract, binding in honor of the elements, set upon the agreed members of the Slayer's Take guildhall the task of locating and slaying the below-mentioned entity and the recovering of the below-listed harvested anatomy items. Any anatomy items not recovered or not in functional condition will be deducted from the final payment, and will be refunded to the client. This client--"


But the hole is--


How many fingers am I holding up?


Wow. Shit.


Please do.


Can I move 15 feet towards the troll? I'll see the gore and poison splattering all over Beau and little sizzles coming up and shit, and I'm like: Eh, Eldritch Blast!


That was a dwarf chef.


And then four for Hunter's Mark.


Man, some days you lose, some days you beat a cabinet. (laughter)


Really, you have a compass?


You're doing great. It was amazing.


You two just became that Muppet meme that was made.


Do you just wanna stay?


There's no dim light or anything?


Nice move.


We have a plan for the day?


I love the awkward stare. It was great.


Why do you need Hunter's Mark?


Hi, sorry. I had weird dreams.


Totally Trish the Dish.


Just sit on him.


Okay, sorry.


I'm thinking of all the good things that I can do for our new collective.


Well, we can't tell you!


Should we go to the stables then?


Sure, but if you use the scroll once we hear the bells, then we've got an hour. Your trap goes off, your little alarm goes off, Invisibility, then you wouldn't drop Invisibility, that's not concentration.


Probably not.


Can I perception check? (all laugh)


And it's legit. Mine smells like a cast.


Kick some dirt over her puke.


I'm going to disengage.


Hold on, I've got to do some math. Oh my god.


Peek in.


I do have Dispel Magic.


Perception, 21.


This is such a shit-show! Love it!


Well, it's the middle of the night now, so it's not going to spread till morning. Right?


Is this the Harrison Ford, or is it the scar right below the cheek so that when he cries it hits the scar and goes down.


It feels weird. New dad is wearing old dad's skin, and trying to do an impression of him and--


I mark off 1,000 gold.


You didn't?


I had gone out to do some window shopping.


I had a feeling you did. (laughter)


Like how much?


Is there any poo on the floor?


I'm pretty sure he's a real fucking cat.


I rearrange my satchel so it's back by my butt, so I don't have to look right at it. Okay, we have a little bit of work to do. I pick up the scrolls and examine them.


Did he?


That didn't go as well as I planned. (laughs) I just want to find a fucking tavern!


I'm sorry, old man, who's in charge here these days?


I'm not really mad. I'm fine.


That's something Travis would say.


No, I know, but I like to make her feel good about it. Ow!


Dragonborn.


38. 41.


Eight-- No, 15.


That trouble going to follow you as we go on our way, or do you think you're free and clear?


Oh, yes. I just don't know where she is, so it's a bit stressful. That's all. She's safe though, right? Just say yes.


And we've got Light spells.


If I complete my journey, it could be upward of a thousand years or more.


I'm going to do it, anyway. I'm going to do the fog thing, because I said it. I'm going to commit.


Oh no! Jester got run over!


And it looks, it's all spirally.


We do need a valet ticket. Did we get a valet ticket?


Can you heal a couple of people?


What if we burn the fucking city down?


Of course, we gathered this from the palace in Whitestone.


Yeah, I'll go front and left. Is there anywhere to hide?


Magic. It kills all magic!


It's all right, Wendy will draw some dryads falling into the spikes--


Wait! Skywrite?


How do we get a hold of--


Are you planning on doing something?


He sang?


We're all wearing our shirts


No contract stipulations when we made the deal, therefore, you pay full price, darling.


Do I have to go to church or anything?


It's a Bigby Hand!


Were you by yourself, Twiggy? There's no one else we have to worry about pissing in the corner of the boat, do we?


Looks like the bead shut him down.


Yeah! Yes!


Take it off! Take that glove off!


That's making it worse.


Out of curiosity, the bones of Delilah. She deflated like a bag?


I'm going to call Nott over to the chest over on that side there. Do you see anything wrong with this? Is there anything hinky about that chest?


So it's zero! Did I help?


What's going on? Where are you taking me? Have I won a lottery of some sort?


Stealthed.


Tary. I'm your best friend.


16 and Deathwalker's Ward.


The Bloated Cup.


We do have some rings to sell, I guess, if we wanted to.


Ah, ja, son of Sparta, the trapdoor into this place was like a metal grate, wasn't it? Not fully-- like, there were holes? Was it a metal grate, or was it solid?


I know, tell her. Tell her. (shouting) The Little Sapphire's here to see you, Ruby!


You probably shouldn't, though.


You should have been with us.


Bag of Holding!


Keyleth does a little dip really quick.


Oh, we're riding Trinket.


I was going to blow an action surge.


Does my darkvision extend at all 60 feet down into the hole to see what's there?


And I duck down again and try to drop out of his view.


I'm over kicking a can in the corner.


It's not necessarily a spell on her. I made the spell around her.


Me?! Okay.


It includes two collectibles, a figure, and as always, a monthly t-shirt. I'm wearing a t-shirt. Not from this month, but from last month.


Yeah. I don't know if anybody else wants to hold one.


Was there anyone in that house?


A-Fjord?


You got a cool custom die.


That's intelligence.


We'll save gifts for next week.


All right. While I'm hasted, do I have an action left to get up there and pick it?


Eight. (laughter)


I feel like my mom saw lots of visitors from other places.


Do I see any sources of light?


I'm changing my form into the screaming, writhing, slowly-melting visage of Lord Briarwood.


That hits. 17 is my armor class.


Do you have a change of pants?


♫ Unseen servant, ho ♫ (group laughs)


Are we playing darts?


I'll wave to the barkeep to bring another round over.


Let's go, let's walk!


Whatever the case, you are a good person. All of them know that. They all know that. None of them doubt it. I don't doubt it. I don't have the words, I just want you to believe me.


However, it ends here. So, if you have the coin, and maybe if you prove yourself not to be too much of a lag-behind. Percy, what do you feel like--


While we're all standing here with our thumbs in our butts, could I look around and see if I see a little stone, a little palantir?


You need Keyleth.


Oh jesus. Oh man. I'm a big girl, come on.


Is anybody going to hit me before I drink this?


Okay, that just happened.


I seriously thought it's the Bay of Gifs. This whole time.


I pull out my gun. (laughter)


Hard to keep track of parties outside of our purview.


So first one is 22. Second one is a natural 20. Third one is 20.


Can I just give it a try, just to see? Try make a dent.


I would like to attempt to break that grapple.


Oh, sneak attack? No sneak attack. Okay, fine. (wheezing) Ouch!


(Valley girl voice) And, you know, my parents are paying for just a little bit of a spring break so that I can, like, go find myself before I go into college, right? Before I go to uni.


I'm getting the fucking sword!


No, we fucking can't!


I'm following him out of the house, so.


Yeah, I'll take out my Mace of Disruption. I don't want to use any more spells.


Is that a he or she that I'm hearing?


Okay, so we're closer now then we were. I don't see the entrance from where we are, or do we?


Can I, in my rage, bullrush through this?


(snorts awake) Rickshaw, rickshaw-- (snores)


Wait, they can do that, too?


Get out of my seat!


Oh, I get advantage, don't I? That's better. 20.


Okay. Then I'm going to move within 15 feet of her and then as a bonus action I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon at 4th-level.


I don't know what else to do, you guys.


No, we're still there.


Thank you. I was hoping for it.


28 for me.


Is there a way I can tuck inside the little tower that's right there?


So what does that mean? It's a roll?


Oh my god, like Guardians of the Galaxy, you guys?


It might bring the whole thing down on us.


This does not seem like a good idea. If we are in mid-Thordak battle and he shows up to collect, we're fucked!


Stormcloud? Any questions?


I would like-- Does that also have advantage, or no?


I'm heading back around the way I assume everyone else is going. Yeah, that way.


What's the plan?


(humming)


The pendants were from Ipec.


I place the circlet on my head.


Bracheon, we're going to wait for your answer. How do you know he plays D&D?


You've been made!


We can pass on this for now.


I was trying so hard not to say it.


Bank in the morning?


Plus Fury of the Small is another seven, right? Is that that works now?


My plan was to-- was to go in there and distract them while you did something! (all laugh)


That's true. He takes half to piercing and slashing.


Could you give it to one more? Do you have to spare?


Yeah, I saw that-- wait, you guys all saw-- we really talked to--


I remember this from her stories, so I will continue Frumpkin up the stairs.


She's already raging. She's mad.


The hydra or the--


He got away quick, yeah, that was not a good time.


Oh, that's a good move!


So I will pull out my spellbook and I will use ritual casting to cast Detect Magic.


Percival. (laughs)


The problem is that once he has the designs, he can replicate them.


(French accent) They are for sale, for a good price.


Okay. (counting) Nobody's standing next to him, right?


Could you parkour the wall?


Keyleth just brought us back. We're back.


A new command.


And can I just say  Thank you, Scanlan. Thanks, Keyleth.


I did, but I got a disadvantage.


We are so much better than the other people at planning like this. (laughter)


Hey, you know what? We're not doing anything for you, you fuck, 'cause you didn't even try to help us.


I know. I'm being careless, I think that drink that Wilhand gave me is settling, and it's-- moving about. Making me say things.


Sure. How do you spell Jester?


My hands are on a device which I have made that's on my hip that I'm ready to begin using at a moment's notice.


Okay. Then I'm done.


I need to tell you. I know with all that's happened, between my new patron and my sister pretending to gag literally every time we attempt to share a word together, and mostly my own being fucked up in the head for weeks now, that I've pushed all of you away. You most of all. Because I've been afraid you would-- I'm sorry. And you didn't deserve any of that. Keyleth, I need you to know, through all of that, everything, nothing has changed about how I-- We've had so many near-misses. And now, finding Tiberius. Death is unavoidable. And it's all the more reason for life to be lived. And it doesn't matter to me what this is. What we call it. If you are willing to spend some time, any time, with me, then I will simply count myself lucky to have it. You're very dear to me.


How many of these victims were other than crownsguard? Any civilians or women, children?


So that's a one, right?


That was very fast.


Did you hear that important detail about the enemy that he just revealed?


That's a surprise attack.


Make a little breathing hole?


Because he's going to cancel it.


Just do the other side!


No? All right.


Looking at its butt.


It was pretty good.


Jester, we're probably going to kill all of these people. Maybe we don't care what they do.


Just some paint.


And thanks for looking out for me.


I love me some fun.


The Gilmore shirt is back--


I pick up the little stone penis. Who wants it?


20 and resistance for me.


There's part of me that doesn't want to know.


Always down.


One, one.


Does it sounds like anything nature-based? Something I could possibly have talked to in the past?


I think I'm gonna want some high ground up on that hill.


Who the fuck is Lucien?


Entertained. Yeah.


So we're heading left?


That was our hope, that we would be able to come here when it was at its weakest and get a sense of it.


What's on tap for next year?


Teleporting is more fun.


The knowledge exists now.


Ten minutes is so awkward!


I had my staff-- oh, I had my staff, but I said--


Come on, Shadow Turd.


Smells better than the prison.


You need to take Luck as a feat again.


I know what work she does.


You're a good hunter, though, it's not really--


Just kidding, he is!


He is. We asked the same question.


Because I got Sneak Attack, right, because I'm hiding?


No, nothing at all.


No, thank you.


No, it's a concentration spell, so. A little something something.


That's going to be a 31.


No! No, I found this.


Unrevivable death?


They're squares. (laughter)


The romantic cruise thing.


Only you can start a forest fire.


If you make magical candles, you must know a little bit of magic, correct?


Put your weed in there.


Everybody gets 1,500. Is everybody happy? Trinket, are you just so thrilled?


Oh! I have advantage.


She can take it.


Yep. I need a target, though. Hey, can you call one of those little ghostly guys over?


We're all just on the beach.


Ew. Don't do that. (laughter)


As you've cupped so many before.


No, it's okay. I have this pickle.


Spine devil, spine devil, bone devil.


Maybe that's your problem this whole time.


They're pretty new, yes.


I'm sorry, you just seem to know so much about this fine city.


Just drink it first.


There's a full hut with a witch inside, Matt. (laughter)


I would love one. Give me whichever's the least sickly of the two.


I don't, actually. Because of all the sound, I wish to turn my back to the room and guard the hallway while everybody else is inside checking out the room.


Of course. It didn't seem like our options above ground were all that plentiful. We were more than anxious to hear what you might offer.


If I had four days to peruse at will, I would have spent the first day trying to research anything I could find about Xhorhas, the Xhorasians' mentions of beacons, of them living many lives, their religion, if possible.


I'm going to creep forward and towards Grog, but being very stealthy.


Weren't there spiral stairways?


I'd like to go around the column, and around the edge of the wall.


You know, most myths are based off of some sort of fact. We don't happen to know what the song thinks this dreadful creature is, do we?


I rolled twice. So I rolled a 19 and a 20, which means--


Are you not?


Wait, just to be clear  if we kill the dragon, are you going to say you killed the dragon or would you say I killed the dragon? Who's going to be the greatest goliath?


Good?


You finally found a worse pet than Trinket. Well done. I love Trinket.


Lose all the thes.


Can I cast a spell still?


We wanted to be.


Staring at it. Thank you, you were very kind to me. I hope to do right by you and make it up to you one day. And I'll try to concentrate on the sword.


It's okay. I'm going to sit down. Keep talking. I'm going to try to attune while that's happening.


Or are you tapped out? Do you have any spells left, Scanlan?


It’s a week’s ride, isn’t it?


We could get an early start once the light hits.


This is true. I mean, we're all here.


It's a roll off!


And then I have a second shot and I'm just gonna take one more shot at him really quick.


I'll follow them up.


Ugh. Can I shoot at her?


Have you tried?


Yeah. Have we talked about something important here, guys? There are these shirts that we need to sell.


A wyvern is a beast?


This is definitely not a safe substance.


Sorry, we're ready.


He did read the card too, and we all thought it was a good idea.


Which should I start with? The small one or a big one?


That's some Labyrinth of Jareth shit right there.


Pike, do you, is there anything here, do you sense anything in this room?


Yeah, but then he'll just attack me again!


Okay, so. Tonight, guys, we're just gonna be reading off the names and we're gonna knock through 'em pretty quick.


I cut some fruit and stick it on his mouth.


With Westruun markings.


Oh, shit, did we say that we have to buy chalices before we have any more fucking feasts?


Is Enlarge still in place if I'm out of it?


1d6 plus six and 2d8 is what I have written down.


Those are the things that attacked the airship!


Yeah! Where did it go?


We fought your father and he was dead. What's the last thing the Herd has heard of your father?


We do actually have a way of magically transporting to Whitestone.


Caleb's before Beau?


So I will weakly stand, and I will weakly trudge ten feet forward, and I will throw a Fireball and center it-- where's Vera?


You can do anything you like.


Do you wear light armor or medium armor?


Can we go to Kraghammer in that?


Nice. Thanks for the warning, by the way.


Okay, let's figure this out.


We lost the charm.


It was 15, so it becomes 30.


That's impossible.


I can break.


Belly button.


I think they're fishermen. Let's keep moving.


Don't die!


The Fire Plane isn't just like Dallas.


To be fair, we all had Indian for dinner tonight, so it could be any one of us.


Well, I only learned last night, you guys.


Sometimes we would make forts.


Isn't that a corner-- a dead-on corner right there?


Fucking destroyed.


We have transcended, you guys.


Oh, okay, okay.


You re-roll.


This has been the craziest 48 hours of my life. (laughter)


Thank you for your time, and thank you for your trust.


Yeah, let's try the path more travelled first.


Yeah. Just kidding. They're in the bag. Don't worry.


Raishan was south. She was far south.


My ancestry dates back thousands of years and will continue for thousands more, unless Whitestone falls. I live as long as Whitestone lives. This place is the human soul. This is what we have built with our tiny moments. To lose a place like this, we don't feel it immediately, but it would ruin everyone in small ways.


Like-- oh, gosh. Okay. I'm going to use Thaumaturgy and I'm going to make all the windows in the place open up really fast, like crash open.


All right, never mind.


Once we're inside the castle, we'll be able to--


Five feet, maybe? Wait. I think it's when I'm sharing space.


10d6 what damage?


I'm going to try and push my hand through.


This is with my staff, okay.


I just keep working on it.


Well, they're not as smart as you are, so.


I stay on the carpet.


Are you asking for my cat to haul up our rope?


You can't reach.


The de Rolos have dinosaurs?


Yeah, come squeeze us. Ahh, sushi burp. Here we go, it'll be hitting you real soon.


How many do you number?


Night hike. We're all here.


Right. But you should go to Geek and Sundry's website because we each wrote little descriptions.


19 on the first hit.


Crying.


I mean, we're about to rest. You're probably super low.


I've got his hand.


Book.


Goddamn it. I'm out of healing.


If he chooses to use it. He might save it for later in the fight.


Oh, stop, I don't like to brag.


If the thing he needs from us is our blood or something, shouldn't we know that in advance? We should find out what he wants from us before we just blindly agree to this. What if he wants Keg?


Million.


Which I saw in a vision. I think that's what's controlling them


I'll put my back to them, and then I'll move up to Yasha. She takes her cloak off and brings out this scaled--


Are we doing this? Birds die this way all the time.


(laughing) Sorry.


Like?


Captain, are you in a habit of intercepting said vessels in your time at sea?


Little?


Four somethings in the room.


It's not in character.


I think the most dangerous I can be is a crocodile.


Yeah. I just want to see if she's learned her lesson or not.


Okay. Ooh, that's all terrible.


Is that even natural?


I think it'd be hard to get the giant up to the top of the temple.


Three minus three is zero.


I can't think of a song. I'll think of it.


Still on my back, Scanlan, you wanna get closer?


Yeah, we do. Wait, what kind of weapon was that guy holding?


All right, I'll give you some tips.


(chanting) Level two!


Inception.


So we're going to help you.


He is laying it on thick.


Very lightly.


I tie it around in a monkey fist knot. I toss it about 20 feet away. I'm going to give it a throw. I'm going to throw it about 20 feet away from the-- We're all in agreement of this plan?


Oh, so we can swim through?


That's my turn.


Ooh, that was a 19 to hit.


Is there anything carved in the branches, in the tree trunk?


Okay, then do it please!


We're just stacking contracts.


I rolled like a 27.


As clowns?


Well. Keyleth, if you could put a little slate up for me, I'd like to illustrate something for little Scanlan. And perhaps his tiny mind can comprehend it. (clears throat)


Oh, guests first.


Well, it's been a fun night, guys, but I'm tired of letting Grog beat me at darts.


I'll send a Message saying  Are you still alive?


You know, I was talking to him, so-- Hey. I love you a whole lot.


Out of town, get out of town.


Yeah, but the act of catching me was the action.


Can I sit down and start playing with the shoes? And, um, ask, Keyleth? Do you know of anything that would cause entire trees to vanish?


Last one I have. You got it.


No, probably not just yet.


No. They don't care.


Okay, let's go over here, and we'll do that part over here. [cheering]


With no talk of death saves at all?


Ja. Oh, what are you in the market for?


Oh! Same thing!


It's that night.


Fuck! My fucking ring! We can't split the party.


Yeah that thing.


Perhaps help him with his pitch.


Any ideas there, Garmelie?


Play ding dong...


Give them the old evil eye?


Like my tiny little female hand.


I say we head to the ship.


Wait. With no judgment, is Trinket coming?


I'm working on something, you go next. I've got a pot and some cloth, and a whole thing--


Surviving hell, talking to women.


Well, I've got one level two spell left and all my level threes. I can cast it at a higher level, because most of my spells are pointless at this point.


Are you doing a religion check, Percy?


How do we get Grog up there?


I'm going to yell to the back, open the tent wide! And I'm going to pull-- how far away am I?


20 total, 20 total.


We trust you, and Wilhand raised you, so Wilhand must have his head screwed on straight.


You'll get free shipping. Hey, one nerd helping out another.


That's a bad idea.


Unless, of course, you want to--


Do we know what sorts of things he either hates or likes?


No, I mean a range of a spell, is how far from me?


I'm just going to say this, as players  last time we encountered a group of people, we killed them all. They hadn't done anything to us. I'm just saying.


Two attacks right now. Okay. So first one is an 18 to hit Kevdak, second one is a 25 to hit Kevdak.


I know, he's offering terrible things, right?


Let me check. I do. Who am I casting it on?


It's the Nine fucking Hells, nobody says please and thank you.


I'm hiding still, so I'm going to pop up and shoot the guy next to Marius.


I'm-- bye. I'm going to go to bed.


So I get advantage on my attacks because I'm raging. This is the first time I've ever raged.


And second shot-- 13, 24, yeah, that hits. Ten, 17, 18, 19, 26 points of damage.


In Draconian. (laughter)


Loot Crate has donated two Loot Crate DX boxes to give away to you. We will be doing this at the break and at the end of the night, random in chat. You must be active! Stay tuned for that! Exclamation point!


That's probably where Uriel is going to sit.


That idea's not grrreat! (laughter)


I think the landscape of the world has changed a lot recently, and I think the Aramente should reflect that. So I would be honored to provide any insight to help.


Saved my life again.


Where were you? Where'd you go? Why did you leave?


Amazing, amazing!


That's my favorite kind of people. Big pooper!


Not with advantage, because I don't have it, but I was so excited.


I'm going to go eat some pickled ears!


But we haven't killed the last one. Now, the one that you guys killed. What's his name again, Tylieri?


Hashtag bitches in lava!


No worries, I'm just at negative 36 now. (all laugh)


I don't have any wine.


I mean, I don't think that's--


You're going to have to give it back now.


What do I have to roll for that? Hang on, sorry.


And that's all I can do for my turn.


He's got nobody to blame but himself.


I don't know. I don't remember. I'm just going to go into one of-- Aren't these-- there's little holes, right?


Close it quietly, and if anyone has a look around--


Best hands, best conversationalist. Surprise me.


Yeah, I'm going to move behind that wall there.


My brain hurts from crying so much yesterday.


But how long does Stone Shape last? I thought it was just for a little bit.


49.


I think she's lying.


That's okay. I'm going to use the Rope of Entanglement that I have and use it on her.


Nothing. We just had a big fight.


It's on like the other side of the--? The lower part of the continent?


That's fantastic! Doty, please write that down.


She might, but it doesn't seem her bag.


We take off after him, 'cause he needs help.


But isn't it weird to go, "Where does the High-Richter live?"


I punch him in the temple.


Can I use Pike's shield and try to direct it to where some of it isn't coming--?


There were a couple of lords' crypts in there. Was there an Anders family crypt, at one point?


Ooh. Fancy.


No, no, no. Why?


A brown one.


Sorry! You're a seaman.


He's 150 feet away.


I would still have it. It's just not in this particular not-in-that-world binder.


Florida.


Spectacular.


Can you go get some from the stiggity store?


Awesome! That's five plus eight is 13, plus four for Hunter's Mark, plus three for Sneak Attack, plus four lightning damage.


Yeah that's my bonus action.


Okay. Don't get hit.


I've been waiting for this for so long.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry!


Maybe you have to poop it out.


Ooh, I can cast Invisibility on myself.


Wait, shouldn't Grog be here, he's the one who likes her.


Am I the only one in plate armor here?


You have to accept that.


Fjord, you have a thing or two to learn from Jester about talking to people and engaging them on a personal level. She has what I would call the expert touch. She gets people. She sees into their hearts and souls. You are just a bastard man.


Mm, do we live with plans?


I'm saying when she dies. If she dies.


Do a truthful check.


Hey, I don't want to interrupt. Kynan, the new guy. Is he around?


It's a page-turner.


We've got these shitty nicknames for everyone.


Keystone Pub, right?


I'll take some sleep aids and whatever helps you sleep. Some sleepy tea or whatever. Anything like that.


Boom, motherfuckers!


Where did you get-- whoa!


Until Grog moves towards the Earthbreaker.


You said I could do that.


Could we get a couple bottles of wine over here, please?


I don't think I want to hurt any more people and I don't think you do either, so maybe if we keep each other from hurting other people. That's not true. I do want to hurt people, just not people I like. Let's hurt bad guys.


What happened to it?


I'm sure she did as well. (laughter)


I get 19 points.


Look, it's flashing!


Yeah, Grasping Vine!


And I saunter away. I mosy away. (laughter)


(singing) This girl is on fire! (laughter)


And even if we do, even if we were to get rid of her, there's no sense in believing that they still don't know everything we're doing.


But we have healed.


They-- they--


(whispered) I think she knows.


Garmelie, won't they see you?


I'm surprised you even know how many eight gallons is, Grog.


Back to the castle, yeah.


Is that worse somehow?


I shimmy.


No, I'm going to start-- can I bull rush, not necessarily right next to the door but like right here, and I'm going to elemental-slam into the wall and siege monster this.


Okay. That's not good. That's a seven.


There's no way I can make it to Lorenzo from here, is there?


Barbarian pee, but it's good.


Yeah, you were there for that fight.


All right, second one.


I do have Bigby's Hand.


You don't think it would work if I tried Greater Restoration?


The closer to me you are, the more you'll be guarded by the shell.


I'm going to do another Thunderwave. Bam! See if I can Thunderwave crack it.


Here. Here's some pocket bacon for your trouble.


We should just run.


Wait, all of them can attack, but I'm in the air!


And little Toya.


Technically, we have four sets.


Nixdeathsticks  "I don't encourage violence." (laughter)


Cat trying to squeeze in the shoebox.


Well, I can do it! What I don't appreciate is when other people do it.


(singing) Lollipop, lollipop.


No, you've got a point. Do you recommend by ship or would flight be more appropriate?


He's got a disadvantage on his attack rolls? Is that what it is?


Nothing left under a 3rd-level spell. I have nothing left.


My plan is to not fight this thing!


Do you need us with you?


Why not? It sounds like a lot of money for something, though!


It's like I got a lemon tree!


Yes, we've killed it, so let's go home.


Grog? I run over to him.


I respect that, but I did get a bruise right here from the horse falling over, so I'm not totally okay.


At Sondur.


You're very smart, Jester.


I'm going to do all three, but I'll start on the one on the left.


You keep an eye, have him drag me somewhere safe, and keep an eye on me.


I don't understand why those rats were--


And the last one is a 29.


Right, but 200 feet. That's survivable.


Well, no, give us the money.


15 plus cat.


No no no. This is most helpful. Do you know anywhere also around here where we might pick up some chains, hooks, spears, javelins?


That's a good one!


What is that? 16?


I do another attack out of the Blood-Seeking Bow. (singing) That's a 27! (laughter)


While we go drop off a hand?


Yeah, look out for that manticore head. They're diseased.


No announcements until I get back, I think.


I was saying it, but it really happened!


Okay, all right. So I just take a minute or two. I go back inside. And-- on Nott's shoulder and say we're good, yeah, I think we're good.


He learned a lot about his employer today, I have no problem with him being here.


Wait, can I go with you a little bit?


Yeah, that one. Let's do that one.


Leave them here, in case the parents come.


I'm still very scared!


It's also very inconspicuous. I know you're not a fan of inconspicuous, but there's nothing you want to be conspicu-ed by, here.


Mm! Yes. Uh-huh. Thank you.


Pike's mace is lit up. We said that last time.


Yeah, let's have a look around.


I draw my whip. I whip him in the face. I'm whipping Vax.


I take Crapper.


You survived this brutal attack. You are extremely strong.


Yes. 25,000 gold.


Look, we're never going to be a happy family.


Are there others like you?


This is a dead horse or can it be revived?


Going with Kiki.


I'm going to plonk down in front of Fjord, just for a minute, after everybody's milling about for a while.


It was us and Trinket.


That’s what I write.


There's all kinds of people in this world.


Can't we have Scanlan turn him into a porpoise?


Do we add anything because of the climbing gear or is it?


It's a sight to behold.


Shut the fuck up! You've been droning on for an hour! Shut the fuck up. You're not telling us what you want. You fucking shit bag. Fuck you!


I can't find his exact location, but I can...


Not everyone can do it!


You mean as we go outside outside?


Wait, is there any armor on your head?


I'm going to go up behind Percy.


The hat. The broom.


Advantage on dexterity saves. Oh. All right, no. That's nine.


Right? This was where we were.


Oh shit. It's probably super strong.


The gods must be crazy.


All right, let's treat this situation with the seriousness it demands. I douse the lights and bring Frumpkin down onto my own head like a mask, so I can see through Frumpkin vision.


Shit, yeah.


Nice, Minxie!


What was this drawing back here?


Are you sure, Grog?


Oh. That's Slow.


Bulletproof to peer pressure.


I don't think I'm in the right mind to even think of anything to say to her that isn't just rage, at the moment.


I can get up with a bonus action, though?


No! Trinket's gonna be in my necklace.


I just take a little piece of chalk and I add Trinket right on the other side.


No, that was--


Good sound effects!


We're The Mighty Nein.


We decorated them at the last winter festival.


If they're all in there.


That's a good one, Grog!


Let's leave Trinket behind. Just for now, it's so hard to keep track of Trinket, Jesus.


The tree appreciates it.


Did she tell people about you?


I-- I, shit, well Grog gets an attack, but I'm going to--


The ones that I'm keeping an eye on?


Don't do it, you only have one hit point.


Say that word again? What? Oubliette?


I'm thinking.


Are we doing this, are we really doing this? He's asleep.


We’re going to start to run.


Yeah, I thought it was like chocolate frozen yogurt.


I need something like that. Do we have any magic stuff that makes us resistant?


Yeah, I'm wet.


It sure did.


Sorry? The Wilder Fens?


Yeah, how much is that?


What's our angle? We are weary travelers from Tal'Dorei, seeking--


Yeah it smells like Grog, so avoid it.


It's a big one.


BlizzCon, oh yeah.


Another seven points of damage.


I think it's time to start killing.


I'm just sitting in the corner going (maniacal laughter)


Maybe there's another time and another place where we don't have to. But now I feel like we do.


I run over and I block it. I stand next to Percy and I block the sword.


The hemorrhaging shot obviously doesn't happen even though it's a natural-- That's fine. I crit, so that's a ridiculous thing to hit. 32 to hit.


Maybe you can envision the horn?


You could have said it, too!


Oh shit. Anyway, it's never going to happen because they're easier to do in batch. So ten at a time. That's what you get.


Are you putting the umlaut over the o's in the poop? Pyoop?


Of the Conclave.


Yeah. Hey, Trink.


I'll go with her.


I want to be able to use my scrying spell before we try anything.


Okay, hearing Vex figure this out, I'm gonna step forward just a little bit into the sulfur line, and then I'm gonna cast Moonbeam right overtop of him at fourth level.


Is she still here?


(laughing) "She's just happier that way."


Sure he does, they just killed him two days ago.


Okay. I want to start backing out a little bit, and who's lowest on hit points? Legit.


Oh, you did your Aramente!


She knows a lot about dicks, remember?


We're all still figuring it out.


Eight points of damage, five necrotic for 13 total.


No, sorry! Sorry, sorry (mutters). At the top of my lungs I scream, not just in my earring but loud enough for every guard and person in the castle. I scream, "Assassins, western tower and the courtyard! Jenga!"


Someone asked me what my favorite animal to turn into was. I'd have to say it was probably my tiger, my saber-toothed tiger.


And I stop at the last guy.


Let's both check.


Here's our options. I'm just putting them out there. I put no weight on any of them. We can follow Tiffany tomorrow as she goes about her day. We can get in touch with this Allison person, follow her--


Yes, it's like working bitch face.


(singing) More bad dreams!


Well, let me go downstairs and wake him up.


Good shot.


I have another action.


Because they rolled a one.


I'm going to try to disarm them. They look like things I've seen before. They look like traps. I'm going to try to disarm them.


Well, as long as it's not convoluted.


That's true, you're the only one with a bird's-eye view.


Can he spit? Can Trinket spit?


Or I could even put the tip of the gun out of the bubble.


But she gets paid for other things, and the tips from the singing. The singing pulls in the other things. You know what I mean.


Well, I have another one.


Such a shame that's he's been lost.


I will hold Fire Bolt.


It's a d6.


I look around for something that can look like a pillow for him.


We bought new silverware.


I jump. It's really light and beautiful, almost like I couldn't fall at all. You see me grabbing on the hooks like a little monkey. I fly down the mast and jump down so I can sit right next to you.


And what's yours?


Grog is batting for the other team.


Okay, so not Underdark?


I think the anti-gravity is screwing me up. Three, plus 12.


So I grasp Kima by the hand and say, "That is one I owe you. That's one I owe you."


It’s an abacus.


This is a tiny Hercules Mulligan. I was looking for him! He's been in here the whole time.


Hey, pal!


All of us wiggling.


And we're slaughtering them! We weren't going to even say anything or do anything to you guys!


Well, if we're not all dead in 48 hours, maybe we can talk about that again.


Was she covered with blood?


Let's grab a bit of funds. Do we have the group funds, as well? We have access to the group funds.


Yeah, I don't know. I didn't really have time to look at it.


He would keep going and eventually start floating on my back.


I'm never going back!


Ooh, hotness! Mmm. Let's kill this bitch and get the fuck out of here.


Well, then I don't know what else to do. I think we keep moving.


No. You, have some more. You will dance better, ja. You have just survived death!


I'm going to go down and try something.


That's all I cared about, mainly?


Ooh, what's that face?


This wand in my hand.


Do we want to raid the adult bookstore one more time? Just kidding.


She was a good person.


He must have heard on Twitch and came running.


That sounded insincere, but I really meant it.


What does "usta" mean? What does "usta" come from?


Oh, that is true. (laughter)


That's a great idea, but let's--


You said scatter!


I'm going to immediately burn two of my healing touches, and you get 6d8 plus three hit points back.


Okay. I don't want to let you guys down.


It’s worth holding onto.


Okay, she will swim towards that merrow, and with her bonus action, she would like to rage.


Yeah. But he was here, so, yeah. I don't know, you guys, like, make yourselves comfortable.


I'm sure it was here.


How long did you have to hold your breath for, Fjord?


Yeah. And hold my action until someone is engaged.


Even though I still hit, can I try to stun it with a Stunning Strike?


Super into it.


At the worst, this is a quick recon mission. We jump back in the tree, we come back. 15 minutes.


Stews.


Well, they tend to be in the--


That's what poison does? You get disadvantage on all your attacks if you're poisoned?


You received an inspiration.


Can I check?


Okay. Any other prep we should do?


The first one, since it's damaged.


He's standing there now.


It smells like fart?


Can you keep it going, but not be here? Because we have to go. We have to go.


Luis!


Can I use evasion, or does that matter right now?


That doesn't mean anything to me.


I'm, well. Do we wanna, is there a reason to stay or is it time to go home?


You are a sexy dinosaur.


Through here?


Look, I really like elaborate tree houses.


It's really cool-looking, though.


What is going on?! (laughter)


Celestials.


She probably would have offered though, you know.


You know, your people might not be the brightest, but they're not going to send everybody out to meet these orcs.


I have a question. I'm not good with numbers, but it's a two days' journey there? And a two days' journey back?


Yeah, let me do some healing.


You're welcome.


Well, this is nice to see. It's put together again. Well. Shall we?


(flatly) Oh, that's all.


We do have some extra coin. Maybe he's got some fancier shit to buy.


We're not going to!


Yes, no, as I realized as I came out of the haze of Portland, I'm the new voice of Crazy Dave in Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare. (cheering)


Oh shit, oh man.


I'm going to inspire her. With inspiration. I'll sing, (sings) Ooh ooh, shut up and shoot that hole! Your arrow is my destiny, yeah I said,


Oh, also, since this is fantasy, I'd like to announce that my show went pretty well that's on Mondays, 7-10 on this channel.


But there's a ton of people surrounding him.


Sure. (ding)


No, you haven't.


Well, we saved your life, how else can we help you, friend?


We have to do it regardless, yes.


We're surrounded with people in white robes. I don't know why.


I can help with that.


But I feel like being a little selfish and taking a little time, and when she wants me-- 'cause she's not talking to me at the moment-- when she wants me, she'll call. So I'd like a little time.


I want to check out what's still covered by dark, very gently.


I swallowed the coin.


He's coming with us to the docks, I guess.


I'm okay because Marisha reminded me that when I was not here one week, she gave me an extra 17 hit points, which I still have.


Okay. So then I'll do damage. The other one's an 18. I rolled in advance.


Right, I'm unconscious and holding my breath.


I'm saying! You lead the way!


Are you all right, Fjord?


On Yenk, of course.


It's all right. In that time have you seen a large red thing with big wings?


I believe my Cat's Paw is still in existence and would like to try to do the same shit.


Don't be lower.


They can read our minds.


Do you wanna talk to the other one, since--


But she's going to ask who we are. What do we tell her? That we're disgruntled members of her crew?


Oh, Kima!


Are you decent?


Well, crouching.


This is the thing that's going to hurt the most.


New at Sundance!


Okay, well then I will just-- fuck (laughs). Well, if I can't see him then I will just yell at him.


Let's do this. Here we go.


I'm trying to cast Light on the other side of the glass. On the glass, on the other side of the glass.


I mean, the only thing I can think-- Percy. Do you still have an idea of what the Briarwoods look like?


With a d4.


I put on my goggles way too early. I'm super stoked about them. (laughter)


At the very least, should we send out some letters, alerting our allies that--


I use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like other people are chanting with me.


Good shit, man. Good shit.


Look!


What if I cast Zone of Truth on Irena?


Okay, then get me right where I can see Vax.


You are like a bad penny.


Yeah, Shadycreek Run.


Oh, good. Maybe we should stay back?


We hold our breath! I take out the paint and I paint a hole in the bottom of the floor. In!


Well. We have the thing.


He's got to be at least 150 or 200 years old.


Did you think that was going to be loud enough?


Where did you get the sunglasses from?


The god in darkness will blot out the light.


Hold me, Ashly!


I am having some fabulous dark chocolate right now. It is so good. They're feeding it to me.


They want someone really important dead is what it sounds like to me.


Oh man, yeah. Really, whew. Stout.


Oops.


I still say we load up both of these guys.


Okay, I'm going to look through the whole thing.


Come in, come in. Hello.


18 plus nine plus another ten. 38.


Pike, if you were dead set on JB taking over the business--


Yeah. Oh man. Dexterity check? Oh no. Eight.


Oh, she's challenging us.


Towards the back of the group, never near the front.


Is the Traveler another wizard?


I would take it to the far edge. Even further.


From Issylra to Emon.


No, it came in handy for the one.


I wouldn't mind taking Aid in case he comes in the morning. If eight hours pass I lose it anyway, but you rest up again.


What, no?


All right, I'll shoot one of the skeletons.


Shrimping, cool.


(gasps) you're unconscious inside of him?


I just sit on it, raise up a little, take my hands off the broom -


Avantika! Avantika, are you here?


I'm sorry I made you do that in that skullcap, Matt.


Tova, can't you just curse the lock?


Limping.


Okay, so just four.


Okay, while I was looking round, is there anything besides games and food?


Well. I mean I had like--


No seriously though, what was this? Why is this having sex?


I just made that up, I didn't even have to write it down.


(tearfully) Yes. Oh, man, I don't want to leave you guys.


I'm going to workshop it, I'll make something later. For now, it's a placeholder. Okay, I would like to rage, and reckless attack?


So you're thinking the Chroma Conclave was simply a temporary alliance?


Oh yeah, so it's already there, right?


My Gust of Wind--


-- the entire time I've known him.


What?! I'm so proud of you!


If you're going to do this, I insist that we visually see it with the actual broom. (laughter)


Do we have them?


That's okay. The other wyvern is still mad at the first one, so that's good.


27 on my first.


Oh, my glasses are in my car, shit.


Well-machined.


So that means if I get up next to this thing, I would be in range of this 60 feet?


You call your people and we'll call our people.


It had!


Frumpkin's under a table.


I'm going to do the same to the other side, actually.


We would turn on you so fast. Let's get back to Whitestone.


How much on average do you pay him to not kill you?


The fuck is going on?


Wait, fans don't get to vote? I'm sure they can influence things.


Ugh, gross.


Less than a year?


That sounds dandy.


This is true. How are things with you and Vax? Thanks for bringing it up. Is it good?


The bolt is on the list, yes.


Wait, against him? No, he meant... advantage, because balls.


I had armor and I gave it to someone, I don't have it anymore.


We did mention if we wanted to drop off the book at Westruun or Vasselheim--


You being a detective, you hear other people say information and then you remark upon it, and then that's you saying you're a great detective?


As I was kissing him, can I give him a little pat down to make sure he didn't steal anything? (laughter and applause)


That's a natural 20. You said the first one hits?


I'm going to turn around to the one that's behind me. I'm going to take a third hit.


You have evasion.


Mushrooms, and beans.


As a bonus action, I'm going to attempt to hide behind the pedestal.


The only good plan that we've ever made is without Travis and Laura here. Let's make that clear.


It's just-- No! It's just time change and things. (all laugh)


Roll, plus my constitution. 16.


Who picked up all those items, anyway?


Friendship? Aw, man.


I'm going to see if I see anything more than just spikes down in the hole.


There's no "swinging by," that's a caper. That's an entire thing, that if we're going to do--


We never-- no.


Great, I don't get any... Anybody else want to roll for insight?


Merrow.


Can I make that Great Weapon-- I have to say that before.


Oh, that was a reaction. Well, I guess I see how bad the rug is doing and I will swing that shortsword again. Why not?


Does Trinket get an attack?


How do you know about the Grey Hunt?


It's another plane of existence that is a mirror slightly off of our own. With us, but apart from us at all times.


How far are we from the Slayer's Take, and is there any other place in town that I personally would know of from being here about three months, to find a map?


Thank you for your positive energy.


I live for that shit.


I turn around and with all the rage, popping blood vessels, I say: (shouting) Fuck him up! [cheering]


Oh jeez, take my chair, fine. I'll go get another.


Keyleth, I hope you phoned ahead and gave them your order for a vegan meal.


You touch a creature that has died--


Oh, we have some formal dresses already.


In the direction of where we came from?


But to be clear, do you know what you're fighting?


Minus that one thing, we are so close.


And I'm going to give it back to you when I'm done.


Question. When he said Thuron, did I hear Thuron, or did I hear some other word, like eagle, or swift, or something?


Ashly Burch, everybody!


How are we getting into this house?


I will take one extra of those potions. It's such a good deal. Here's another 50 gold.


I am a monk, it's fine.


I don't know what the fuck to do. I'm trying to get this guy out. Okay.


Wait, did you frame it like a coupon book? That's very impressive.


Let's go home and go to sleep.


Well, first of all, she's being modest. It was not just me at all, I could not have gotten out of there without you. I don't think you could have gotten out of there without me either but you know.


How'd that happen? How did that frickin' happen?


He's gonna kick your guys's asses.


It's your first time. It's going to be a little rough.


It's koothrek.


Going around. We're trying to keep as, you know, stealthy as possible.


Oh, you roll? Seven or eight, yeah.


Shuffle shuffle, flip page, flip page, flip page.


Are you going to play competitive Gears of War?


I think it only does the copper to silver?


150 to 200 feet?


Can I do anything with my bonus? I can't do anything with my bonus.


Hey Cali, can I ask you a question?


He flits over to Jester's horn. Takes a dump.


Advantage against me, too.


That is a 16 to hit.


I'm not drunk anymore, right?


Aggressive flower girl.


We misspoke. To destroy this circle.


It's okay. Fjord's been teaching me how to talk to people.


The whole theory of a path is you're supposed to somewhat stay on it, I imagine.


Do I see anything else tucked up under there while she is doing that that looks of interest or of importance?


I am burning so many calories right now.


I've got a little bit of luck. I'm a lucky guy.


How big is the suit of armor, the Dawnmartyr?


I mean, do we need it?


When it makes sense.


Suffers a critical hit.


No, I'll just hang out outside.


If I'm alive, it's fine. If I'm not alive it's not okay.


There's a lot happening here.


Wait! I'm going to use luck. No, didn't go up.


Strip poker? Five-card stud? (laughter)


"I don't speak English."


But maybe that's - maybe that's because Vax has fully given himself to Her.


I'm just gonna go ahead and borrow this. Possibly permanently.


I'm rowing back.


As they walk away and since Caleb wandered up-- Do you truly believe the amount of justification you were just doing for our actions?


Fuck sound at this point, I suppose. I'm going to run and just get them into view.


This is my fault. This is all my fault.


Hieris, do you know if there's any other entrances into the mine? Any old secret tunnels, something that someone could be using to get in?


Any tips?


This is why we hoarded it in the first place.


Stitch up the front of my robe?


It's terrible. It's perception, was that what I was doing? Five.


Cinnamon was his most hated spice!


No. No, I'm more anxious to get there. My curiosity, I suppose, overrides my fear.


He's a master zombie. Hunter's Mark him.


We don't know what we got. We stole this ship.


No-- no.


I'm going to come down and get in range.


(whispering) I don't know where we are. Acid everywhere. Vax, please. Isn't there anything you can do?


While they're talking, can I do a long circle around the whole campsite, looking for horses that are tied up?


Remove my mask. Run to find something metal, something sharp, anywhere on the table. And just start scratching off the name on the gun. I'm just going to go to a corner and just start scratching the name off.


Oh, my tears.


Let's give him a Cure Wounds level three just to--


Abjurist is a very powerful-- he has knowledge of the arcane and stuff, right, he was--


I'm just scared.


It's okay, we'll do it during the break.


Thank you. Thank you. I'm behind this plan. It's a good plan.


There's a sack of something in the corner! Oh my god, how are we all going to fit in there?


He's terrible, isn't he?


What direction were the wyverns travelling, were they travelling back? Or were they travelling along--


The tower's in every direction.


That's awful. 11?


No, that's all. It's actually getting a little awkward now. It's gone on for a little long.


Oh no, I'm just repeating what Nott said.


Yes, and now is not that point.


Possible one shot.


Please be shipping black powder.


So, I can't do-- Okay, so I'm going to, as I-- Is anyone looking around? Anyone looking around right now?


I know some about the Myriad, correct?


We are booking it to try to get to the sewer entrance so we can get back in.


Yeah, I want to try to grasp onto one of his legs and yank him back down towards the ground. Ooh, which would really hurt with the immovable rod inside of him.


(cries) and then we won’t have a line of credit with Gilmore?


Fuck that horn.


We have all of the documents that you took from the Briarwoods' stuff. Plus, we have--


You know exactly what time it is?


Our Valentine's Day consisted of me making chili and then us going to Menchie's.


I haven't used it before.


Do you know which one he lives in?


Why? It's fine. This is what we were talking about.


No, back at the-- do we have a place where I can work, or am I going back to the Leaky Tap? Or is that too far away?


No, I'm engaged, right?


Hey! Hey! You are bigger. What is he feeding you? What are you feeding him?


Plus the two for the feast, so.


Sure, I'll go upstairs, too.


Well, we can either stay here or we can--


Right, like in your soul.


12 and seven.


Short rest!


Are you guys going on vacation? We got a divorce.


I'm just going to start this. We can talk as we go.


Scanlan, remember when we had women in this party?


Oh! Can I have used my bonus action to hide?


Doesn't she have an evil thing? An anti-evil-people-thing? No?


Mention that they should clean up the bodies.


Can you help me unveil it, people at table one? It is a quilt. Oh my god. It's so big. It's so mighty. It's so many pictures of me! This is everything that I've ever wanted to sleep on.


Oh, oh! I rolled a natural 19, so I'm pretty sure that puts me at--


They'll tell you where to bury me. (laughter)


I got nothing.


No, mine was nine!


Besides the book he put down?


Oh, he's reaching for shit. He duplicates himself into another dragon. Now you're all dead.


You guys are dicks.


Will a healing potion work on Clarota?


Lady Fancypants McGee.


Yeah, one more time.


Yeah, so we'll buy all but, you know, these two little ones. Because those probably add up to about 150.


The Converse! Of course!


If we kill it now, we're going to have to be-- if we kill it now, all the others are going to punish the people they're sitting upon, and we're not ready to go dragon to dragon to dragon like that.


Both.


Look, all I know is that only a fool believes that his path is the most virtuous. See? And he's got an intelligence of six.


Horris, have you heard anything while we've been gone, or have you been staying in here?


I think so, too, but you've got to do it quick because it's going to stop real quick.


Did you call dibs on the dodeca?


Are your dreams affected by the weather? Like if it's cold, do you throw up ice shards instead of salt water or something?


Do you want a card?


Hey, Jester. Do you think that the fact that this place is called, "Chastity's Nook" gives everyone a complex who shops here?


Bone Thugs? Thank you, Matt.


D-Roll's fine, just don't use any real first or last names, nothing you would sign to a piece of parchment.


Oh. (laughs) I'm out.


I paid for adventure.


I'm right in the middle.


Separate sides.


Am I leaving or am I staying?


(gasps) Oh boy.


Okay, so I'm out of-- all right. I don't have any more actions.


It gives you an alarm when you know he's gonna kill a party member.


No we're not. We'll be fine.


That sounds good.


Oh, okay. I didn't know how that.


Oh, well, not all me. This is all of us. We found your traitor for you.


I can't do a whole lot.


So really though. Will this transfer to that?


We're spread out.


Well, he already told his friends in the hallway--


I believe this is for Grog. If I'm getting any of these wrong, the chatroom will yell at me and we'll figure it out.


Mathis? (laughter)


In the Bag of Holding.


Favored enemy.


Oh, yes! Sure! It was one of these holes. I'm going to just pick one. I go to the north one.


As quickly as possible.


We can burrow under, we can--


Kerrion Stonefell's stately manor.


(imitates horn)


I pull Silence.


Stuff doesn't grow, though. Not like it should. What did they do to the land?


All right. I'll be right back. See you guys in a minute.


Oh jesus, wide at the bottom, thin at the top.


Yeah, we can't give it away.


It's a fudge. It landed on a blanket on an angle.


Six of us?


And he'll take ten points of cold damage.


Right where they are, I'm going to start a little ahead of where they originate, I'm going to start making an ice storm. I'm pushing all the way back to where-- just right down these fuckers.


We have horses. Horses for days.


I want to.


The Dice God!


All right, I'm going to run up, since I know me and Yasha are together. I'm going to cast Step of the Wind, to give myself double movement, or use a ki point.


Is she still smiling?


It was just a small human. And I think I stepped on your foot, and gave you some damage.


That would give away our stealthy approach.


Did you have any more visions when you were captured?


I look at Kima. How the fuck does she do it?


Critmas!


Where are you guys right now, by the way?


Then if I try to run underneath the dragon--


He's workable.


Sure. Anyone want to take a quick pee break?


If you search on worldbuilders.org, that's our main web page. This fundraiser in particular is happening on Indiegogo.


Yeah, I'll hang with Grog and Pike.


I'm going to gingerly go over and very quietly say: we are a remarkable opportunity if you're willing to be quiet and maybe have a little faith in the truth in this very dark place.


Cleff, we appreciate your time. We are going to venture out.


It's like northern Alaska.


Can you do that?!


Yes, that's perfectly fine.


Bonus action, Flurry of Blows.


Yeah, I mean, luckily we were in a big city, there was a huge temple. There were very wise clerics who were good at bringing people back. But still, we all had to roll. There was three rounds we had to roll, he might have fudged numbers, I don't know. But we were all still scared. We had to all, the majority of us, had to have good rolls three times in a row. Scanlan had to put--


Someone asked how do game devs find us for acting work? We all audition, hundreds of people audition, for every role in Los Angeles, we all just try. Today I worked on a superhero game, and the guy who was directing me for voiceover said, "hey, so what are you doing for the rest of the day?" And I said, well, I'm gonna go to the gym, I'm gonna do this, then I'm gonna go do that, do you know about that D&D show that a couple of us are doing? And he's like, "yeah, I heard about that." And the guy who had written the game went, "yeah, I've watched every episode." (all laugh)


In the morning, we'll send her for the horses and the carriage, and perhaps it's time we turn in. I pound mine. Molly, are we bunking up?


Well, as Honda, I would race to the apricot and seize it so that she can't pick that fruit. Keep it for ourselves in our fruit basket, and make off and decide if we're going to make marmalade later or not.


I just have the one. That's good, because you can keep adding paper to it.


So can I--?


They are!


Very good. I think that went well.


Holy shit. Yeah, I'm going to take to the air. Holy shit. I'm going to fly within 60 feet of Vorugal. 55 feet away.


Barely. Yasha could use some healing.


Everybody rolls a d8?


Plant Walk. Tree Trip.


Well, I mean not the companionship.


Is it 200?


(resigned) Sure.


Will you come here for a second? Okay.


I'm going to hit it with my sickle or whatever!


When you say powerful, are you talking about ability, or connections, or both?


We just hold onto it in the bag.


I'll look at that.


Roll four attacks?


Any other books?


We do have manacles.


He seems to be well-built for it.


Do we have any of that Crownsguard armor? Didn't we collect some?


She's got to get crowned.


Little Dust of Tracelessness.


All right, so that's challenge number one, now challenge number two. So, I still don't say anything besides (inhale) as I jump to the side really fast to not loose my breeches. And she's got one hand on the tree, and I just quietly, with her free hand and my free hand, try to lace my fingers with hers.


Poor Matt's soul!


Well, up until a few weeks ago, Grog couldn't really spell, either.


I want a shot.


Then it would add another hour up there, wouldn't it?


When you were with Zahra, and they turned. We shouldn't rely on it.


Well, tomorrow can you make it gold?


Unless they're very highly argued and debated-upon boots, in which case I still think the argument--


I can do a quintuple.


Same thing. 25?


Okay, 8d4s.


Is it actually hotter in that armor? Are you sweaty in there?


Okay, just protect him.


Well, I mean, I could do some Heat Metal and weaken it.


How long have you been alone out here?


Some people give up information when they've been seduced as well.


I need a young boy. (laughter)


I think it's a pirate island. It's a hideaway. You don't go there unless you're looking for trouble, or unless you are the trouble.


Guys, this material does not breathe.


Why would you do this to Deborah Ann Woll?


Good form.


(French accent) I'm afraid that I haven't. But if you are serious, and it seems that you are by the way that you are not moving your mouth--


Ditto.


No, I can't see, really.


I cast Fly on Grog.


I don't at all.


I join her.


Oh, I thought you didn't like jails.


Smoke grenade! That's awesome!


I would like to point out, since you had such noble intentions towards my position on things, this is your ego at work here. I may be many things, and I may be a deal-maker, but I never forget that when I rule, I rule these people, as well. I'm not better than them. And you may think you're better than them, but this is what it creates. It creates enemies.


We have one room, in addition to what we stay in. Would all of you be staying in the same one, or would you want to stay in the temple?


Howarth.


Oh that's right, our horsies!


No, really! She was a really bad person before we killed her and everyone on the boat.


Come with me, okay?


It was worth-- the joke was worth the ring alone, I would imagine. We were going to give it back, we just want to see it.


We've decided to go a little softer with him.


Maybe you can do some flair as people are walking by.


No, you are and Grog is.


We could Fireball it.


All right, I can't see too well from here, so, from where I am, crashed in front of my sister, do I see the lemure?


How long does he have to be dead in your hands before you decide that it's worked?


Is there anybody in there?


What hap-- She-- I-- Everywhere I've been, she's been. Why not?


Just float your dupe in, and when you say go, I'll shoot. I'm more than 30 feet away, so I think I shoot at disadvantage.


--to see if I see anything else worth taking?


I'm going to start swinging my mace.


We get to keep doing it!


Yeah, it was crazy.


Today we can save a town.


I didn't know if that was going to work.


Yeah, the Broker. Get the Broker.


No Scanlan! (laughs) Well, he's not here--


What are you doing? Yeah, I took a bath.


Sorry, I will say that on the way there that I dropped the disguise, somewhere.


I don't know. This is all you!


Oh, that's not awesome. That's 17.


I want to do an insight check on that.


That was so fast, though!


I can go 30 feet.


I do have a magic weapon.


Let's get in and set up.


That worked. (laughter)


Because you rolled a luck? What?


Old magic. Natural one.


I pull out the trammel. Do you have a free hand? Or a belt? Yeah, you've got a belt.


Hair, obviously.


I'm going to cast Armor of Agathys on myself.


I'm going to go for that Dread Emperor dimension.


It's in Caleb's possession isn't it?


Here he goes. Math. Still math.


We're not near the orb. We're near the Draconians, aren't we?


The shadows?


Insight check his soberness.


And I cast, I cast Plane Shift and I get us out of here--


Silence! Cone of Silence!


I go up to Pike.


I believe.


Yeah. 1d8 radiant.


Kima's being held by him.


All the other gold that's just sitting around, I mean, we should probably just take to help the battles.


Oh Matt, I forgot to tell you. When I left home, I left a large eternal flame burning on my keep's roof. Is that okay?


I don't think he was clear on that.


She's taken way too much. She doesn't get to leave!


What if the cost is the end of the world?


Oh god. Where's the reset button?


We're going to live.


Why are you so concerned with this reputation of yours? How long have you been running around in the criminal underworld is what I'm saying.


I got Cyborg.


It was my hex.


Oh fuck me.


Congratulations, today you are a mighty nine.


Okay, because by the time, though, that we get there, and then it gets back to you, you've probably been around town so much, and then you'll have to retract your article, and that would be really weird.


Does it look like it goes deeper?


Where's he getting his shipment from? Do you trust your partner? This new guy?


I bet Caleb has wax.


I follow too.


He hears everything.


Got this.


Is Dairon in?


Yes. Any forging?


I don't ask people names, friend. (laughs)


I think you're gonna punch me. (all laugh)


You are not beholden to us. We ask this of your own free will. All of Tal'Dorei is at risk.


It's just a wall.


What information did you glean?


I've played a little; it's fun.


Good job. Bamf, City of Dis.


Yeah. That's really hard to hold steady. Yeah, I'm going to shoot him.


You're doing great, de Rolo, come on! Keep your head in the game.


We hit our second giveaway. (all cheer)


Jeez, Tary, you've gone straight gangsta in so little time.


Just tickle his balls.


26, off of a natural 19.


He's a big picture man. Here's the detail fellow.


I'll trade you something for it.


I'm going to stealth and try to track back towards Caleb. But make sure no one else is also following him.


Get to the bottom part, come on.


I'll do a tinkering check first and then try the wheel.


She's the one I arguably know the least about--


Let's just meet back at the Leaky Tap.


Do you have a medical kit?


Yes. Caleb leans up to throw some fire at-- Oh, fuck! Fucking-- He pulls out some more molasses and just does the same thing again: Slow.


Can we bring it in?


Three attacks, advantage against the target, correct?


50 feet, all right. I'm going to use my bonus action to get down to 25 feet and I'm going to jump-- But I'm going to jump out in the hopes of swinging this way, and swinging back towards K'Varn.


No, but I'll take Craven Edge out and leave him unsheathed, which gives me an advantage on intimidation checks. 17.


Vax is grabbing the gnome and tossing him out to the right, out here at the front of the group.


Humans, am I right?


Trinket! I call Trinket.


For my second attack, can I throw my head back in a headbutt?


I mean, we're on our way, but we've got a lot further to go.


From Pike or from everybody?


I think it looks like he really needs it.


Anyone staying and watching? Eating popcorn?


Nah. You know what, I'm good-- no, 25 feet. I probably can't climb out of there, right?


I pick up a piece of the cask, I take my wheel out (whizzing noises).


Like one of those baggier, poncho coats. One of those?


What does this do, again?


Oh, I thought you were saving your action.


Let's make our way.


One other idea. What if I go in as bait, make a lot of noise, and as they swarm I throw Whisper and throw it into his shoulder blades, and then on I'm piggyback.


I don't want to mess this up. If Vorugal were to see anyone near this summoning circle, would he be suspicious, or would he be okay with it?


And then I'm gonna take my Helm of Brilliance and just put one of the diamonds up to the laser beam like light coming out so it makes like a dazzling light across the--


Can I cast-- I got a crazy idea.


Have a look around?


That could have gone so much better.


Can I move some of the sand out of the way on the ground and see if I see anything?


Yes, but you said it out loud.


Can you come back down to the ground?


So sphinx first.


How many more attackers don't we see?


This is not about you. That's a 19, 22.


You can not do that now!


Did I find it while it was happening?


A 30?


Sure. Tooth me.


Is it a thing? Is it a weapon?


What is K'varn?


You speak Draconic! (laughter)


I don't trust Clarota. I don't trust Clarota. I don't trust Clarota. (laughter)


Smell? Sound? Vision?


I have a ton in the bag.


You're not here, I just shoved you through the tree. I made it up, I created it, right there on the fly.


Oh, Light!


Yeah that's it, that's just 2d8. So eight points of damage.


Yep and I'm going to spend a ki point again to do flurry of blows and get two more attacks.


How did he react when you first told him of your feelings?


(whispers) I could've used Luck.


With disadvantage? Wow, this is here to hurt me. Let's pistol shot with disadvantage. Three, so 16.


Is initiative an ability check? (all laugh)


Is the side that she damaged useless at this point? The one tentacle?


