Well, let's get out of here and go. Did you find us any--?


Big booby.


(high-pitched) Yeah, yeah. It seemed totally reasonable.


My friends are your friends.


She should sneak in before you do Spiritual Weapon, otherwise it's going to make them aware that something's going on. The Spiritual Weapon will definitely alert them to our presence.


I don't think he knows about me.


May have gotten--


(laughing) Don't be a dick!


Oh, right. Cool.


Manatees.


My ass bone.


Yeah, that makes sense.


But we did make you this plate of food.


Thank you, Vax.


(laughs) Oh! Ten.


He just threw the basketball over his shoulder from half court.


Thanks, "Mr. Ford."


(nervous laugh) Yeah--


Oh. We're just showing the dance, is all.


Nott, would you be able to use your invisible hand to lift that up and over?


You will find out when I present it.


Bye, Pickle.


Or isn't, just in case. Right?


Can I request a display? I think I have a broken rib. It might be getting more purple.


1d2? There's no 1d2.


Yes. You know what? I'm going to do it at level-7, then.


Make a sandbag.


Sherpa us to our first bathhouse experience.


We should find out what it is.


Is it haunted?


Oh my gosh, lots and lots and lots of baby spiders.


Maybe he'd stop moving if I grabbed the hammer?


Ooh, that's a good one. Ja.


This is the vines that are attacking you and if I'm close by anything that's attacking me, too.


Is it obvious?


A different one swam up to you.


Bonus action to run your ass.


This was sad.


Do you know what is also as valuable as resources, is knowledge. In this swamp area, are there any particular hazards that we should keep an eye out for that your men have seen repetitively?


How does that sound?


You're going for the whole-- Wait, I wouldn't feel the entire pouch being pulled off of my--


I heard them shouting for help, though. They were really shouting. Shouting for a lot of help.


If I would not put you at any--


Here is the invoice from the amount due that they have not paid from the Timalt Store House.


I've fallen, and I can't get up!


Maybe we should talk to the Raven Queen.


I was going to hold my turn to get everybody on the carpet.


She won't know we're talking about her because we're using a new name, Tiffany, so she's not even going to know.


Would you like a coffee? I'd love to buy you a coffee.


It's corked up. It's all right. Yeah, it's blocked up with stone. I guess I'd have to get a closer look to see if we could get through.


Not able for Frumpkin to squeeze through that, I'm guessing.


What? Really?


I know what you've got to do to get invited back.


Lionel. Real strong, are you?


Come on, brother!


Well, why would they leave?


He's a giant automaton!


No, no, no, it's intelligence.


Why is she so goddamn powerful?


But wait, Dungeon Master?


Man, Yasha's super honest.


I want to create a spiritual weapon, like a poisonous lasso, and (whiff SFX) and then put him down into the lava.


I'll pull out my bag of holding.


That's a wisdom saving throw.


Sweet jump.


The other one, the other one is a 16 plus, plus-- is a 26.


As I said, I feel like when we talk to the Myriad fellow-- oh wait, let me fly over to you. (laughter)


TheConman93.


Secrets.


Texted while driving, I might add. Don't do that.


Well, I'm just saying, how do we phrase this?


I'm not very strong.


Two plus whatever. Six? Eight?


Bidet.


But Mass Cure, you can choose a point. Mass Cure Wounds, you can choose any 30-foot sphere within 60 feet of you.


She rolls.


Go to the forest.


We're heading to the Menagerie Coast.


Am I still seeing from the crow's nest all of this shit happening?


Got to flank.


Thank you. 19.


Ooh, I get a piece of paper!


I'm not going to stay if he doesn't want me to stay.


Okay, no, 20, and then--


Mollymauk, you're comfortable leaving the circus? You are very-- you have a lot of flair.


Say that somebody really wants him over at the party.


I take this helmet. I set it on the ground in front of the elf, and then I start to piss on it.


I admit, I find myself very curious.


Show him your titties again.


Maybe we just hold onto them for now. They came in containers, right?


Halved because it has resistance to nine.


You're good, you're in front.


Yeah, but as Pike, Cure-- okay, but Pike, she can do it better than Vex can.


May we seek audience with him to ask or apply, or however that goes about.


To see me?


She is the singer that made this all happen.


Of course, yeah, I have the ears right here in this pickle jar.


Was the Shadowfell always the Shadowfell?


What's the price on the superior healing, again?


We have eight fancy robes. I take one of them and I put it over his nasty pirate eye.


Did that blanket just blob down?


I'm sorry? Call him off?


You need to stealth too?


Oh look, the young boy you ordered, Scanlan.


Don't use any of your lower-level spells.


Oh, and you went through--


That's 30.


Just one more question.


Do I need to roll for it?


I'm going to start walking around the circle.


I'll stay-- that's good.


So we can't tell if this is a creature or a-- we just can feel the ground rumbling.


I'm so happy right now.


Was anything missing from Lord Tyrell?


All right, to the right leg. So if we split, we probably want to keep to the core of it.


I have 41 hit points.


Oh no. Douche.


One million, please.


Well, shit. Tary, you don't have to go back to him if you don't want to. You can stay with us.


We didn't know that already.


I can still cure everybody, you know. I can heal everybody. The wounds.


Did you just hit Keyleth's funny bone?


I take my broom out and I start flying up and I grab Scanlan's hand and take him on the broom with me.


Sure! Awesome.


Yeah. That's a six, 12, 24, I think.


Whoa, that was crazy!


Little persuashe? All right, that's a 20. Fuck. Nine? Hah, he laughs.


Merry Christmas, Travis.


I walk rocks hand him, on the back of his arm, just like that.


How are we going to get Fassbender anywhere with us?


Was there anything there?


Oh, I hadn't realized. What if you show up with inherent abilities?


There, on the other side?


Is it Nine Inch Nail hammer?


I do. I make the lights flare just a little bit.


And that's 22, yeah.


It's nice to meet you.


Can you scoot the whole bench down on this side?


Yes, fuck you, 19.


Don't worry, my magical hand is there. (laughs)


I think of fancy teacups, because he mentioned drinking tea.


Get out!


Yeah, you and Yasha go.


Yeah he does. It's really good.


Let's go to the library.


Don't strain a hammy.


There's fine writing around the square. That's not just a shape. See this writing in here?


But I would go through it if I tried to run between its legs. I'll just try to run along to the side.


Are we going already?


He's going to do two claw attacks, so that's 2d4 each time.


Well, Twiggy, tell me. This happy fun ball of yours, what does it do?


Pull out the flying--


And then I'll be resting.


Marvel Puzzle Quest!


There's this one--


Yeah. Many things are taller than Nott.


She's down here with us.


Okay. Out comes the pick. I'm going to perception check that corpse through the cell. That's a 12.


All three hit?


Come on, captain, let's go.


Those guys were so stupid. They could have broken the vases. How dumb are they?


Use your legs. Really, use your legs.


No, I just want to be able to Control Water if something happens.


Oh, the makeup room.


Marquis...


(clears throat) I walk up to a particularly handsome widow, and I say, your husband--


It seemed to be emanating from the top opening of this pyramid that was the main temple of the center of town.


Shh! Let him finish the plan!


Did you see anything?


Some call me Kingslayer. (laughter)


Nine. No, 17.


Just a blank one. All right, and then we mail it to the Soltryce Academy.


It's probably safe to touch now, I mean, the dragon's dead.


Okay. Oh, disadvantage. That's-- Oh, that doesn't hit. Damn it.


16 plus seven.


You can see. And then the thing is, if you can see through it, the thing is hanging down.


Because the Candleglow Inn is fucking toast.


Do you remember us walking into the town center to kill Kevdak? That wasn't sneaky.


Ooh, a work vacation.


Yeah, she didn't want none.


Okay, we can get ready to run there. However, we're staying within 60 feet of you while you're punching.


Is our next destination Kraghammer?


I had a few tricks up my sleeve.


You guys don't want us losing any of our spellcasters right now. I'm at 94. It's not a lot, it's not bad, but it's bad enough. I'm a third of my hit points down.


Sometimes. There's a lot of people that want to marry her, and have tried to court her and stuff like that. But she only ever, you know, said yes to my dad.


You are far more powerful, Vax. You know that. This boy was a fan, at best. We could have put him to work, or something.


Not unless-- Rules of engagement apply. Do not fire or attack unless fired upon.


Okay. Whoa, nothing. Two.


Okay. I'm going to look at it. Smell it. Look at the fluid. Do I know anything about this chemical at all?


Okay. I can help your mind! You just relieve that stress! It's somebody to talk to, it's very helpful.


Or I could be a pack on one of your guys' horse.


You're a good guy, I think.


Yeah, no, I'm on the desk in front of him, going for his chest.


Oh, I totally have that covered.


I thought he was a lockpick.


I'm fine. Thank you. I was really regretting that, attacking him, I thought maybe I should've just said yes and dealt with it.


Did it look like they dropped down, though? Or did it look like they dropped over?


Well, first a question. Are you familiar with Occam's Razor?


I recently learned a spell that I could attempt, but it's nothing I've tried before, and it's expensive, and I'm already terrified of the fate and the hell that I might have brought him in his final moments.


Does Pike have Dispel Magic?


Well, considering you have a hunk of metal down in your basement that is worth at least 100 gold worth of scrap that I'm sure the Assembly Yard would love to have--


Which are how far away from us?


And it's still going, yes?


Yeah, can I Greater Restoration on her?


So what's the end goal? What am I doing?


Not the one in my mouth. Okay, how about this. I'm going to pop Trinket out of the necklace--


Thought that they might gussy you up a bit. It's a lot of drab colors. Also, maybe you won't kill me now.


Just keep rolling.


Right, yeah. Knew it. Making sure you knew.


That sounds lovely, but I think I'll just watch from the shore.


Well, what else are we gonna do with it?


I walk to you. We're walking to the dragon, anyway. I hand it to you. Your majesty.


What is that? I don't have my contacts in. I can barely see it. That's 11, right? So that is 17.


Are there any tunnels getting into the volcano?


Don't you dare pin that on me. Don't you fucking dare.


Tommy Wiseau is what I'm getting from this. I'm going to take the Sun Stone out of its little container, and really light up the room, and just illuminate the whole room now.


That's why I'm at the mouth of the--


Good, we want to tie Sutan to the Myriad, and High-Richter to the Knights, and High-Richter and Sutan together. That's the plan.


People from Xhorhas!


(singing) Go on and kiss the girl.


Hear hear.


What if what he wants us to do means that we have to stay here for a while, though?


What's my sister's name? You don't know!


I thought he did.


It's really heavy. How about I give you 20 more platinum?


That's the best!


(as Jester) Go fuck yourself.


I can't move anywhere! I have climbing stuff with me. Can I move my arms at all?


I have the wreath back on my neck, correct? Because that's how it works, I put it back on my neck once we're attuned?


Well, we have come with our own means of transportation. We can travel with you.


Okay. As a bonus action, who's near me?


I have three.


Okay, so first, I'm going to Control Water. I'm going to stop the flow of current and see if I can get it to burp out Percy.


You killed so many things, Grog. You fought so many people.


But if we get rid of the water, then we won't have anything to breathe.


Copper, silver, wood.


And somehow the coffee has not been poured on your head. That's the greatest magic trick I've seen all night. How are you still dry? It's witchcraft.


Should we leave the stage, do we need to leave the stage?


You can each have one.


I could go ask. I mean, I could go and get a few buzz-words, you know--


Oh! I can't say anything, can I?


You haven't really, have you?


I was trying to inspire them!


In Vasselheim.


What I would like to try and do is, as I get out of the magma, seeing Pike unconscious is the worst. If I try and grab her, and head for the door, I have to go past the pit fiend. He'll get an attack of opportunity on me. If I'm cradling her, does he get one on her as well?


Oh, no, it's in good hands.


Well hers is a lot better.


Hurry. Quick! Come on, Tiberius.


Let's go further, all the way down.


We did crack one of them. One cracked.


Yeah! It's a d20, right?


I just woke up, you guys!


Shut up, Percy! (laughter)


And bonus round, I reload and I'm going to finish running to the other side of the--


One of the few.


Yeah, please. Anybody got whiskey or something? Nott! You got any booze?


(high-pitched squeak)


I'm in fact nudging Grog away from this door towards the front towards Tiberius. I don't know, they're not that strong.


Oh. I'm very embarrassed, I'm sorry, I gave away my last two silver pieces.


You're down.


I'm going to do my due diligence and make sure the door's okay. Probably is, but just in case.


Just for shits and giggles, I'm going to take one last look around to see if there's any infrastructure for getting up. There must be infrastructure for getting up here. There wasn't layers of a city on top of each other.


What? Betrothed?


You're a wannabe.


Oh, did I get a bonus action, I guess I could've--


This is some bullshit.


Or one pretty nice-size apartment.


If a horrible devil is bearing down on you to kill you, you just say 'Ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd.' (laughter)


It's 1pm. We've got the whole day


I can't ride the carpet.


Yeah. A hundred percent.


Jesus Christ al-fucking-mighty. 13? Does that hit?


Is Grog considered five feet away from him?


Well, Vax walks right up to him and walks behind him and grabs him by the hair, and right back to this position. Let's have a talk.


As high as they can be on the top floor.


Can we see guards around? Do they look aggressive?


That's good to hear. It's been a while since we had one of our depressing chats. You seem a little more chipper these days. Coming around to my perspective, are you?


Yeah, we're up.


We are at D&D Jury Duty.


Well, no. See that little thing, that little node behind me?


Look at that guy.


Maybe it eats living creatures?


Well. Are we taking this deal, or are we... not?


Al Gore.


This hasn't happened in like 20 games.


With stealth! With Dust of Tracelessness behind us.


I mean, it's underwater, but--


Okay, same damage?


Okie dokie. Thank you so much.


How do you know the Mean Man?


16. Strength.


Okay, Caduceus aired the fact that he is a little nervous, so I place my hand on Caduceus' shoulder and then look through Frumpkin's eyes to see what's going on.


Jerry! JERRY!


Do we see them closing the doors?


Oh, you got to hold his hand.


I remember talking to you! I was Commanding Orc 1.


Perhaps we should just have a two person reconnaissance for now.


I wasn't trying to hit you anyway. I didn't want to hit you.


Son of a bitch. Can I rage as a bonus action?


Yeah, and gosh, golly. Puzzle Quest. Marvel. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Marvel and Puzzle Quest.


Yeah, I know. So she showed me hers and I showed her mine.


Oh my god, we're going to fight? We're going to fight this thing?


And there were all these dark--


Yes, they've been oppressed, but we've also seen there's plenty of cases of people being charmed by them. We might have an army of people who will die for the Briarwoods at any cost and not even realizing they're being charmed that way.


You know what? Keep your deal.


Don't be stingy, share those with me.


I'm a dummy!


Everyone got a funeral but me!


Just keep it clean so we can burn everything afterwards.


Yeah, it's a 3rd-level spell.


Cruise director, bursar, bartender.


And, as always, don't forget to watch Talks Machina on Tuesday--


Just a moment, dear. Pull out the same poisoned blade and start walking down that hall a little further, and I want to see if I sense any traps further ahead.


Is that doubled? And you doubled everything into your extra crit--


Three! (laughing)


Oh, do tell.


Let me do it. I have Pass Without a Trace and one more 2nd-level spell left. I'll do it. Save yours.


You're doing a great job.


I'm an earth elemental.


(groans) He's unconscious.


Yeah, he'd pat you a couple times.


That's great. I want him right in their fucking business.


Just take the two.


I don't know. I've never tried.


Gorilla.


Several?


I know it well.


If you want to go do a little bit of footwork and see what it might take to get there, I can rest and try and get us there. Remember, you have to find a tuning fork, though, that is attuned to the specific plane.


Maybe we drive towards the coast and then, you know, take the PCH down to Nicodranas? What do you think?


Greater is 4d4 plus four.


Can you float?


I'm 20 feet ahead.


There's no house and there's no money--


It might be going back and telling its friends, though, and they’re all going to come back.


No mayonnaise!


Could you instruct the security guard-- we can take care of it. We should instruct the security guards: if there's a tent outside the keep, they should just burn it down.


The ladies of the evening really, really do need the money, apparently.


It's a girl?


This was given to Vax. It was mystical. It was attached to your skin.


20 on the first hit, no-- oh shit. You double the dice? Six, that's 12.


I can make us all robes and stuff.


That was the luckiest one.


I'll go up and ask the tavern keeper.


I know he will be.


Yeah, me too, I guess. I just am excited to see more, you know.


In the absence of good ideas, bad ideas, I think, are always reasonable.


What did you have before?


Is it a color?


Don't fuse with a church pew.


Scanlan, you can add a room at a thought!


Sanctuary!


But since we're inside of that seven-foot wall: windows, doors, security measures, how many floors?


When we go in, we don't walk in just you and me. We do Mother's Love.


You don't have a particular penchant or sympathy towards people who eat babies, do you?


Does not hit. Okay. 1d10 plus four. Nine, plus four is 13, plus-- 16 plus 1d6 for Hex. That's six points. 22 points of Eldritch Blast damage.


Don't they have truesight and stuff?


I'm terrible at these.


He got a little bath.


A minor miracle?


(laughs) It's similar to goodbye.


Maybe it's a mask.


(snoring)


Also, the longer we're here, potentially, the more time gets wonky.


In the Myriad?


All right, so-- Ooh, this'll be fun.


Worth it! Worth every second! I like Pelor. I like him a lot.


They're staying with me. I'm not giving these things up.


I'll go with you if it gets to that point.


I will inspire Pike. I don't know if that helps whatever ritual you're about to do, but maybe.


That's my action?


Depends where you touch it.


You get them back. Yeah. Do they go up?


Money-wise, we each get 964 more gold.


Yeah, it just says 1d8 plus one.


Other than what I already expect to see?


You can roll a d8.


I'm really good. Okay? Really good. I know you're talking about you and your sister, but I'm really good, too. Just want to point that out.


Give him the book.


Well, then I guess we're in accord. (laughs)


That is actually going to help you, dude.


Okay. I'm going to take aim at the other cultist. I'm going to Hunter's Mark them. That's the old one with the staff?


Does your cat like squirrels?


Hands up in the air.


Meow.


We're twinkies!


No, I think she's right.


We haven't committed any crime.


All right. Pike, you want one? (laughter)


That's a Nintendo controller.


Could have made you more charming.


No, it was the same side.


No, that was a long time ago, and I'd be very surprised if you'd heard any of the stories from back then. I will say, though, from what I know about dragons, that perhaps vengeance might not be outside a reasonable expectation. There might not be anything here for them to plunder, but--


No, it's not that. I'm a good friend, right?


Whoa, that bag is way better than my bag.


I did not see that.


I don't show anything and drink it all. (laughter)


I didn't write down how much fucking gold, didn't I? 620.


Until 2PM, yo!


She made it. She didn't fall, but she still takes some damage, so let's see what she does. Ten, 12, 22, 28 points of damage.


Do you want me to fly up there?


All right, I'll punch him in the face.


If you want to ride a bear there, I wouldn't judge you.


Was that his house, that he's describing?


Sometimes they're on the ankles.


I want to say "insight check" so bad, but I won't say it!


(high-pitched singing) It can only be Jared!


Well, we got tattoos. That's all that matters.


Grabbing our stuff.


All right, I pick her up and I put her on my shoulder.


Do we go to the treeline by the castle?


Well, that's my action, right?


Is it an eyelash? Do I get a wish?


Vax kicks Grog in the butt and sends him forward. Go help Tiberius!


Well, just take a look right over there.


Back to the tavern, then.


Do you want me to do it, Fjord?


Do you still want more of them?


I'm not even looking at them-- Cure--


That's badass, Percy.


It looks like flash paper?


(sings) In a butthole.


Oh, there's an entrance to the tunnel, okay.


Thaumaturgy, I'm going to project my voice very loudly onto the other ship.


Almost, almost.


There's just layers to that trouble, isn't there? Just layers of paperwork.


Blurs in the bushes!


I look at Vex.


(whispering) Doughnuts. Think of something good to eat.


I still feel I owe everybody an apology. I still feel terrible about dragging you all into this and putting you in danger.


All right, I'm going to cheerleader-toss Grog.


For the chalice on the go.


I don't think a long rest is in the cards.


We're literally going to finish off this bag of Jelly Bellies.


No, I’m with you.


I think because Z is in the front with her light, Kash backs all the way up to the back and lights a light, as well.


Just repeat--


It's 10 30?


Jester, Nott, y'all okay?


Good god.


Okay. Here's what I'm going to do. I want a pillar here, Grog. When you're ready.


If I have a piece of one of their belongings. Yeah, that definitely helps, yeah.


Fucking everything. A sky and an orb and a tower. An obsidian tower like twelve stories tall.


They're getting ready to do the finishing move on him.


Got to get Nott on --?


Okay, I like grabbing feet. Here we are.


I want to go over to Avantika.


Yes, I want to.


Of course! Yeah, we were going to talk to him and everything, but he is gone, so...


Oh-ho-ho-ho.


We just crash-landed in a war camp.


That's kind of what we thought.


It's rather shiny, yeah. Let's go there.


Actually, we need to head out pretty quickly.


How much can you change the--


Just heal your-fucking-self.


If that is what you wish.


I don't know. Maybe we beat her. I'm going to try and motion everyone--


Well, if it's on the way. We have to go that way.


Is its lens out?


No. We should go to see. Your. People.


Aw, I hate licorice. (groaning) Why is that taste in my mouth? That's weird.


Sweet. If he's starting to lean down, I want to take his head and turn it into a tee-ball target.


I hope we're not sentencing them to death.


I'm drinking tons of whiskey because I'm super scared to be on the water.


And then I move back.


I think it divides into four, actually.


I still will admit that Cabal's Ruin is one of the Vestiges I feel would be-- and not just because I would like to use it.


You think it's bad that she cares about you?


I wouldn't want that, either.


He wants his bowl back.


One of your characters? No.


And 24.


Lady Delilah.


Lillith, would you like to stay the night before you move on?


The WinAmp skin was cancelled, but we're working on it.


Maybe you should ask him about his tattoos since you have tattoos as well.


No, Ogden did a lot of drugs when he was younger.


What kind of saving throw?


I can show you where there's water.


Can I tell which one is which god?


Rakshasa cannot be jerked.


I'm going to cast Disguise Self and I'm going to be tan, short, elven woman in a royal blue lace dress, very similar to the one the lady was wearing, with the cut out. And soft medium hair, pulled back in waves.


Which I haven't ever played. But Ivan was telling me about it and it sounds like so much fun.


Probably six.


They've worked every time.


Have you been on YouTube since 2007?


I'm going ahead.


That's what you are like now. (laughter)


Excellent. The swords are cheap carnival glass. There's nothing special about them.


I cast prestidigitation and clean everybody up.


I'm going to keep an eye out to make sure nobody seems like they're-- especially towards Vorugal's plateau to make sure he's not there.


What are they doing with Toya? Anything? Are they leaving them behind?


I don't have to do reckless?


Okay, I'm using my action surge. Might as well.


How about we four and the outside three?


What is happening right now?!


Dancing time! (laughter)


Put the crate down or I'll shoot out your ankle.


Yeah, we walk across.


Yeah, put him to sleep.


Oh yeah, that's like 24.


As far back from the enemies as I can be. That's good. Done.


But this is not his style.


Quality, not quantity.


Maybe the Richter's handwriting, too.


Just keep saying that!


You're so tough, Sprinkle. I'm going to squish his little cheeks.


I just (mimes scratching Trinket).


Oh, shit, okay, that's fair.


That's plenty of time for us to die.


You're going up?


Pfft.


Or four better than the original.


It's buried by ice, but that doesn't mean it doesn't work.


Right. Any sightseeing we should schedule along our way?


He's mending the cask.


Nice. 11?


Better than the Briarwoods plus giants; let's go get those giants right now.


A lot of goliaths?


No, it's not true. (laughter)


We need to get into the tower! We don't even know how to do that!


Jesus Christ, three animals.


Ank'Harel is on the continent of-- what's it's called?


Too big. Too big.


Out, out. Go, go!


Cassandra will be able to get a hold of me if necessary.


Not very long. About, let's see, maybe eight months or something?


Do it, Starlord.


Hey, thanks, man! Now me and Keyleth have the same amount of hit points!


Why can't we know who the client is?


I do. We'll talk about that.


Is there an image on the stained glass. Is it depicting something?


Dear Tiberius. We left.


I've driven most people in my life away from me. Hearing him talk like that, it's not the first time I've heard those things, and I don't want to drive you guys away. I don't want us to drive each other away. (sighs) Anyway.


I was making a distraction.


In general terms.


Okay, that's a 28.


Yeah. I back up.


We've got to go up.


On D&D Beyond?


But roll with advantage.


I'll be in bush two.


I did do little hairs on them, as well.


Don't touch any of it, until we get Tary to look at it.


She was not in melee with Yasha, right?


Feet pun!


You're in its butt. How can it see you?


Disguise Self. Same exact thing as Fjord, except longer hair, shorter mustache.


It's 3d6, halved.


What are you looking at? You're squinting.


I dabble.


That is nine points of damage.


Has he ever been in battle?


So Vex still has it?


Would you like to come with us?


(whistles) She gambles now. She's crazy.


It's probably--


At least 30 minutes.


My turn? I'm feared.


Okay. I perceive I'm going to get my ass kicked. Oh, good! 23.


27!


Say what?!


Holy shit. I'm a golden god.


Wait, do we get the plus ten to stealth?


They might freak out.


Yeah, okay, that's fine. So, 25.


Percy? Up?


Maybe he's been hedging his bets for a while. Good to keep in mind.


You are so educated. Perhaps we could talk later about all of this wonderful history.


Guys, I didn't know this. The D&D Beyond discount code, 826LA, is still active for the 25% off the legendary bundle. I did not know that. It will be expiring soon, so please make sure to check out the legendary bundle on the D&D Beyond marketplace. Also, the site will be undergoing some maintenance tomorrow, Friday morning, starting at 7:00am Pacific for a few hours. The site will be in read-only mode at this time. So, I don't know what that means. Also, the product director Adam Bradford will be hosting a stream at 9:00am Pacific during maintenance with some exciting announcements! Be sure to tune in to twitch.tv/dndbeyond (not and) to check it all out. And just for my little extra here tonight, not getting lost in the fact that Travis and Laura are having the most magical day of their lives and Liam is gone, I wanted to pay special tribute to our little Ashley who's leaving us for a while. I feel like she should get some love too on her way out the door. I composed a song for you in the style of your favorite band, Boyz II Men.


Oh! He's crying! I'm crying.


Nah!


All right, I'm going to use Luck.


He also technically memorized it.


Yeah, we would have been paste. Caleb, Nott, thank you.


I'll stand up out of the sand. And I will, eeeee, I will-- (laughter)


They were all eights, right?


Can I go around near Frumpkin and flank it?


Try harder next time.


There's a trap!


All right. So I'm going to hand Blink candle to Coral and I'm going to have Coral walk into the portal.


It's like one cookie at a time. You can't bake one cookie at a time.


Please, keep it quiet for now. That book caused more trouble than you think, and it all laid on my shoulders. I was trying to protect the rest of you from some of the worst elements of that and I don't want any heat dropping on anybody who doesn't know what's coming yet.


I'm going to hold my attack for if the dragon comes towards us and I'm going to run into the--


Sure, I've done that before. I've given you invisibility coins.


You need to work on your intimacy. (laughs)


All right. Sure. I need a few papers.


Don't you remember, Vax? I was almost raped by trolls.


Holy shit, Tiberius.


See you later, motherfuckers.


He's only 15 feet?


Give me the change when you're done spending.


As Jester. Do they know you?


15 foot high.


Does it stop him from moving towards her? Is that how it happens?


It's the Dread Emperor all over again!


Grog, we need you over here.


And say goodbye.


They know where he lives.


Dope! Yeah!


Yeah, his beard. Let's go for the beard.


Oh, yes, very good. I know everyone else makes fun of your smell, but I don't smell nothing.


We had a long-ass night.


I thought he was being metaphorical. I didn't know it was literal.


Root guards?


Two minutes later.


Maybe we should go elsewhere.


It's not even locked?


At the time?


That's so sneaky.


Yeah, both hit.


Fuuuu--


He's just standing on it.


Okay, so I look around at all these amazing people that I am so blessed to be with and barely even looking, I just go dagger, dagger, dagger over this asshole's head at the Broker. Yeah. The first one is, not that great, but it's all right. It's an 18. These guys are dickheads.


21. No, 20.


I am not going to destroy three horses in one shot.


I look it over. I check.


Can I run out the door and hop on my broom and fly as far as I can--


Thank you for letting me play with your cat.


Ham and Beth.


The twins will creep forward.


I just keep hearing a thud.


So I can tell him, you know, as far as-- that means you can't do nothing. You just got to stand there, you've got to do nothing.


Well I would say if I can't see, if I knew I can't see, if I were really in this place instead of sitting as this table.


Why are they bitter?


This is heroic death music right now.


Yeah, I know, and I know you have reservations, and I know that you've got guilt. When I walk out of here, I want you to work on letting go of that. For real! Leap of faith kind of shit. Just let go of it.


Oh wait, no! Everybody poops unless they're an android, because then they must be destroyed.


I take a spoon of peanut butter. It's a little bit easier. Here you go.


She's in the stockade. Only problem is getting caught. I like her style. Should we get her out?


We're weapons.


Stay safe.


Look at how fucking cool that rod is!


No! Grog, no! Do not show satisfaction in the things he says.


I'm just going to run across and pick up Nott on the way.


You always were.


I mean it sounds like she wants this thing.


Be there for them. You be there for them. You're the light in all our lives.


As my bonus action, can I move the Spiritual Weapon any closer to the pit fiend? Do I see him now?


Know how to throw stuff?


Nice flat, upper east side. Land, and I'm gonna bamf out of my bat form, and say, all right, it looks like the coast is clear if you guys want to check this place out.


Oh, catch it!


Now this is turning into a wrestling match, I like that.


Don't kill him. We'll all die!


Dayana Prucine


They're mobsters! Weird question: have I heard about this group, considering my background?


Sure! Why the fuck not?! I'm on the broom. Does it matter?


Because it's better that way. Perception check. Wow, that's a terrible roll. That's a five.


Ring of protection.


Just, you know, rolling through. Passing by. Not much.


We have nowhere near enough for all of this.


42!


I'll hold on to it.


A grappler arrow?


Oh, 'cause he's fat?


All right, we can do that. Just stay put, don't go rushing in without us. Is it one or more than one?


Gah! (heavy breathing)


What do you-- where do you wanna go? Towards Keyleth or toward the-- Okay. I'd like to pick up Pike and run balls over this way.


I'm trying to catch up.


Oh, fuck. Come on, you guys.


It is only a six. Rolled very low.


Okay, what?


Beacon of Hope.


Are we going to take a little 20-minute breather here?


You want to go in there with Pike?


Tary, can you hear us?


Back ten feet. That would be great.


Does this mean that I should go change clothes?


Looked good, it was compact.


Yes, I would like to.


I know. I guess... I don't know. Just trying to figure out how to navigate this, like the leader I'm expected to be. You know, Dad, you didn't tell me a lot about the world and sometimes I think I get angry at you for that.


I need your help.


It took you years to do that. I'm two minutes in, so I'll grieve a little bit longer.


Oh, he's in a tower.


Deep-fried French toast, baby.


I'm looking for one that can help if your friends are falling and you don't want them to fall so hard.


Was that it?


Last question. Where are the people, the figures we were following? Did they finish the bridge at this point?


He Sigourney Weavered it.


17, I mean.


Just say what we did, what we accomplished?


It is a real good stick. I'm going to keep it.


I have an interesting idea.


I have his flute because I picked it up last.


Is there a manipulation check?


This is a man?


(grumbling noises)


We don't even need that.


Wow. Stealthy mofos.


He's got his flaming war hammer.


I'm going to Prestidigitate a tiny air shield in front of me.


I'm a little concerned, Tiberius. I'm afraid that some creatures might be attracted to that light source. It might actually be best to--


Oh, you! And I became, for Whitestone, the ambassador to Syngorn. So I'm working on making a Teleportation Circle, is that what they're called?


Move out of the cone.


It's slowly starting to sink


Just lean up against the wall while.


I feel bad for her.


I have an even better brilliant, yet slightly inebriated thought.


Don't you want to talk to Kord?


Stealthily. If I-- yeah, because I can move like, what, ten feet with Blink? Or can I--


All right. Thank you for your--


Okay, and there's a person manning the --


I get Trinket back in the necklace really fast.


Well, now that I got my helmet, are we going down to the ship?


Real bad.


Can I then move and try and jump over him so I then flank him with Yasha? Can I use my movement to get to the other side?


Lotteries are a bitch!


Do you read that slow all the time?


Do you really think Daylight's gonna help at this point?


All your saving throws and your attacks you add a d4.


I thought I'd try. It didn't agree with me.


Knowing how young Nott is, I hold her closer and rest her head on my shoulder and walk away from this very painful thing to look at.


Hey, how about we go to Daxio, and then you guys can catch up? The airship arrives in a couple of days.


It's a new day.


What was your first roleplaying experience? I saw that go through.


That's better! Let's do that.


Check in every 30 minutes. It's dangerous.


What kind of bones?


(clears throat) You could keep some of those puns in your head, you know.


It can hold a lot, though. It can hold a lot. More than--


Vex'ahlia is very good at--


Running around like crazy people.


Somebody asked if Tiberius is inspired by a particular wizard or something like that. He actually is. Somebody mentioned Elminster.


It is a giant turtle!


Then, you know, attack.


We have some, though.


I know because I took one on the way up, after the death knight.


Uncanny dodge! So what's that, four?


Oh, nothing!


Well, Freddie, I imagine I'm wondering the same thing you are, at least I hope, and that's: what's in it for the skull?


Well, you tell me. As far as I'm concerned, you're calling the shots here.


Add 6 to my wisdom?


Maybe just tell him to be cool.


I could be into that.


Stove. Stove. Stove! Stove! Ahh!


Are you drunk, Nott?


They tried to steal our money, Scanlan, and you're letting them have free rein in our house right now.


An athletics check?


Thinking?


What? You get smaller? What do you mean?


The damage, I believe, I've never seen damage this bad in our place before, but. I believe it will reset. It goes back to normal at the end.


I want it back.


How come? Did you like it there?


Oh my god, did Hilda do something?


Whatever you think that we shouldn't leave town without trying.


What?! That's medically impossible! You didn't even push!


I cast Beast Speak. You all right, Trinket?


Is this a festival?


I just run up the thing's back. I rolled 27 for that stealth, so presumably I'm--


Platinum Dragon.


Well, I figured we're all in the same room at this point.


Oh, this is like a one-channel frequency. We can all hear you.


My wisdom saving throw is two. My wisdom is plus two.


Why are you here?


What do we do? Are we running or are we fighting?


So that's six extra points, and that's seven extra points total. Third sharpshooter shot. Thank you for reminding me on the Hex. That's a 12, that's going to miss.


Eagles drop off, they rest while the eagles return, and the people at the bottom rest while the eagles are making the trip, no?


No, why are you following me? Why are you doing this?


Could we maybe keep the diamonds?


Oh! Oh oh! The first whisper of 2016!


I'm gonna cast Anti-Life Shell. That way everyone at least gets one good hour of sleep.


Guys, it's really amazing!


I know. I will take care of him as best as I can. Even better than that, I will take care of him. I promise you, he will not die.


That's correct. Okay, good. For the first is 16.


He's thinking an alligator voice is going to hurt a lot. That's what he's thinking.


No, come on, attack him.


I wake up. Can you guys talk a little quieter? Some of us are sleeping.


Sorry, can I use my bonus to hide behind one of those pillars?


Sylas?


What about all the other stuff you probably did? Will you tell us about that?


They're making so much money tonight!


How far away is where the grapple is hooked from us right now?


That was hot. Damn.


Maybe the hag cast a Dispell she did on the broom?


Two dryads, two orcs.


Oh, I'm next to the edge?


Get the gold and Dimension Door!


Is that true? Wait, when did he say he couldn't die?


It's like a hidden Mario level!


Oh, I'm sure we'd be all ears.


Okay, dinner?


Oh, welcome back Pike!


Dawn Marshal?


What the fuckballs?


There's no way this is not good.


Better. 12.


She's very nice.


Sorry! Had to get an opportunity in.


I'll let y'all crawl up.


Is anybody going to keep track of us like you kept track of Vex-- Vax. I just called my brother me. I just did that.


Big responsibility.


It was a good plan.


And as Vax and Keyleth get situated on J'mon's back, I whisper in her ears: I was going to say eagle. Giant eagle.


Hi!


Plus it's really fun to say your name.


Yep. All right, fine. (laughter)


Oh, my.


Of course it does. And thus ends Scanlan.


One d6 necrotic for another four, so 17 total.


They can't see us, right?


Yes, 1d4 plus four. So that's seven points.


Why? Because-- No, we're not going to get caught.


With my hasted action, I will cast Lay on Hands on Scanlan and bring him back up.


Come on, Scanbo.


I'm going to try to blow into his mouth as hard as I can.


It's really not that bad.


Uh...


I don't even understand that reference, bro.


No, save your 50 gold.


You seem so honest.


See you in two weeks!


That's a big hand to get in there, man. That's really uncomfortable.


Can I go over and talk to Wence one more time?


Things have changed.


I'm going to try and wait for an advantageous moment.


Is my mom still in this room?


Shit. I dive back down and try to cover him a little bit more before I head over to my side.


Is that guy and that guy within 30 feet of each other? It's hard to tell with the thing on it.


I see her confused look, and I call out, we're all Percy! Get it?


I'm a very fast swimmer.


So you'll watch it over the course of the break.


Are we out of combat now?


You literally said I gathered up a bunch of knickknacks worth 750 gold.


Maybe. I don't know your mother, maybe she was testing the postal system. Sending a small amount as a test. You can write back and say, "Got it safely, feel free to send more."


I'm all right. Are you all right?


Towards the city.


How many tombs are open around us?


All things that are important for the future.


Vax is up?


Okay. I snap my fingers, and Frumpkin vanishes, leaving the bolt where he was, and then I do it again. He's here.


And stab the whirlwind.


I thought that was hair and makeup--


You guys-- I'm sorry, but we make a pretty good team.


Oh, smart.


I'm a big fat three.


Of course, and you have something to sign. I'm sure Percival can draw something up.


Is he on something?


I thought it was blue.


How can that plan fail?


(Texan drawl) Yeah, I'm here too. (laughter)


Did the burst that came from the blue make it all the way across the room to the green?


Did you say Don Pardo?


Oh the lava, down below?


As you pass in the hallway, you hear lightly: Entschuldigung.


Well. It's just me and I rolled shitty.


Once per long rest, I can use a Storm Arrow, which means that the next arrow I fire splits into three arrows. Roll an attack for each of them, they all get 1d6 extra for each one that hits. It's amazing!


And please go check out the Joe Mad poster.


Won't they know we're here? Won't the people see us doing things?


Consider it an advance, it's been a rough night for everybody.


Take your token.


Hey, I've got a weird theory. Let's not send people with injuries yet, so that perhaps Pike can stay here and take care of them for a little bit?


I don't know how it works, and I'm not paying any attention. I'm very drunk.


It was very leading.


Is it magic?


I'll just stick my hand in the bag of holding.


I don't think I'm where they're from. I'm more southern parts of Xhorhas.


And she has money.


Hey, quick question, who are you? Who were you before you were in this prison?


But we have no leads on the girl, correct? No one saw her, knows her name--


Come on, Monstah.


Okay. I give her the sword. I have the sword. Is it the sword? It is the sword.


Am I adjacent to the fire elemental?


And the second one is 23.


Stay tight.


I could try, and maybe now that the ice is broken I can melt it through it easier?


Are you going to land on your feet for the cat?


I mean, sure.


You're standing up? I'm so happy you're back with us.


As a matter of fact, I want two of whatever that is.


I'm sure it's fine, I just--


Kind of already was, but yeah.


Laura Bailey one-on-one Dungeons and Dragons fight!


A connoisseur, really. Could you humor an old gnome like me and show me... I hear tell of a green hat. A tri-tip hat, right?


I can burn a spell and be a giant eagle or something.


This is so going on our--


It's undead? How big is a rot behemoth?


I mean, I can still go ahead and do the planar bindings to an elemental that maybe I should've done beforehand. It lasts 30 days.


But he's indoors with us, right?


I'm a really good winker, if you haven't noticed.


I turn with her, so that my back is, and I speed read four pages.


I want to do this with great pain and sadness.


Or, yeah, if they've seen our paladin friend. Our little--


Their starting quarterback got hurt.


Don't bother him!


Yeah I did!


Bust the side of it open.


I expected a bassier belch.


A thousand each?


God, that's awful.


You got a bunch, too.


All right, I figure I can see Keyleth and the winged lady, so I'm going to beeline right to the other side of the enemy and flank her.


I can't read this!


The second one is... 21.


In case this all goes tits-up, do we want to try to talk to these guards and maybe figure out what cell the Schusters are in?


I also always have advantage, so do I get to roll a third time?


And number three-- this is what the theme for Loot Crate could be, announced on Monday. It could be 50 Shades of Grey. They give you a ball gag, some can [no audio], and your own personalized safe word. Mine is "harder, baby, harder," which is very confusing. (laughter)


I'm next to two unconscious people going (screaming).


Attack with disadvantage.


And we're just seeing little glows in the distance?


Just seeing. Just going to give it a little tap. I’m not cutting it, I'm just tapping it.


There's no way of inferring within the book--


No, it's buried in the stone.


Lucas, go fullscreen.


It might be down before we come back, is the thing.


Are those tattoos?


Now, because they are, because Grog is--


Tie yourself on, there, Garmelie.


Yes, very.


Yes, 16.


Sure, all right.


Okay, and I'm going to move.


He's pretty cool.


He knows that you two are here. He doesn't know the rest of us are.


Do we have a time limit on when we'd be able to get him?


While that's happening, I'm going to cast, very quietly, Cure Wounds on Nott next to me, because I saw you're bleeding, yo.


I took a broom from a poor, poor dragonborn.


Goes away.


Probably thinks he has three birthdays a year, right? So.


Start getting us out.


Which I think we do. But I think we need you here, right?


The name sound familiar?


Let's leave the golden armor alone.


This is the perfect time for a game of Pictionary. I'm so excited. Both of you, don't look.


Nobody. We're all going to sleep.


I spent one doing deflect, and then one to do Flurry of Blows.


We fought a hydra, Pike.


We just go in. Push in.


Oh, can I uncanny dodge? Or is it too late?


It's a little big, actually.


I think we should go.


Now we've touched down and we're traveling?


It's like Visine.


We do our best.


Can I now use the damn earring? Okay. Grog, (stutters) could you use your clout to get us out of holding?


I fucking know, I remember.


Going to step on his throat after she's done.


What's your hammer like?


We're not slaves yet.


You should talk to people.


Luckily, all places that we are going, we've been to.


Observe, yes.


Nothing fun right now.


I go  Okay, Davies.


Bad time to ask for a drink?


Thanks, Eskil.


So that means we haven't used 'em yet.


I think there's only one way to find out.


Four and a half!


How many times can you cast Grand Columns?


(shudders)


As he walks away, I'm like  Ow! (laughter)


Survival, I've never done this before! 13.


You node.


Is there a way that I can bless these bullets?


All right. What's Fjord doing right now? (laughter)


Yeah, I'll hang down.


Oh, little buddy!


Water wings.


At home, you mean? You were the only one of your family that had it?


Vex, we have a dragon to disassemble.


But maybe mine and Scanlan's is a good idea.


Frumpkin poops.


I could go stick it up and cover it with tape and stuff.


I open my mouth and inhale.


Beau is just  You fucking--!


Maybe it's best that we don't let anyone else know where we're going.


Okay. As a bonus action I'm going to use rogue's cunning action to disengage, which means nobody can swipe at me if I run, okay.


872, 873, 874.


I'm kind of a big deal.


There's a window in the door. I'm going to swing around the other side of that door really quickly. Perch on the wall right over there and I'm going to take a couple shots at Mr. Skelly Skellington.


Okay. So I'm just down two hit dice?


Not necessarily. How many times have we found stray cats?


Come here, Tary, you too.


Well, my name is Lionel Gayheart, but most people call me Chod.


Another one.


And he's stuck waddling around. That'd be so sad.


I could do that. I could be a distraction--


Children with their moms go-- and families go first.


We've met! You look very familiar.


This one.


That's true. Especially these days.


Wan!


He's good ol' Cay.


I'm doing it. I'm matadoring it.


I might. (laughter)


She was too dangerous to let live.


Where's the map?


You game?


Yes, we have, actually.


Do I still have fire resist?


He just wanted a kiss and you shot him!


I'm very glad for that. You seem happy. And everybody deserves a second chance. And I guess what I'm asking is: can I have my snake back?


Does it look like the figurine that I recovered earlier?


Can I make another one?


Just kidding. It's Hunter's Mark every time.


My coat! She's an amazing coat designer. She's got a--


Yeah, it's sealed.


You can float up to the ceiling and then attack from high.


A bonus action, okay. Then I'm gonna, so I've got two attacks on him.


Great. Did you aim at that one?


He recovered from four arrows to the chest.


Again! Again!


Fucking bullshit.


Is he speaking dragon?


Don't worry. I won't sing Hanson again.


The others are on a mission, let's go.


Well, sometimes acts of good faith deserve to be rewarded, when they can. I wanted to give you something that will make your time with us a little bit easier, I suppose. I start to pull the periapt out and untie it. This-- you know, I'm always so far back away from-- I hear you, Laura, in my peripheral, I hear you. I'm always very far back anyway, this isn't doing me much good, and it's better that you stay up more than I stay up because if you go down, that's it. This is a little bit of extra protection-- anyway.


Say you love Trinket.


Does that work on Doty?


I hate spiders. I'm fucking out.


(singing) Yep, straight up.


Oh, yeah, no. We were just off on an adventure, but it'll take a little while before the food is ready.


Oh, it’s 15, sorry.


No, I'm asking for anything on the left.


In the fungal city.


I mean, we could. We can.


But True Resurrection says I can.


Then I guess we should start running, yes? I use the remainder of my--


It is a nine.


30 feet-- oh, I'm not within 30 feet, am I?


And I give him a little love tap on his behind and send him on his way.


We're going up to the top of the-- to the thing. Just to the roof there.


I defeated a goliath. (laughter)


Of age.


How many fancy cloaks left?


No! They're professional Carvers.


What, I'm just seeing if it bled. Did the nose bleed?


Fan the hammer, motherfuck.


Pike's here. (shaky laughter)


I don't know why I asked for potions when we had four fucking potions.


Well, I want to make everyone aware of the dangers, okay. If we take the trade route, it will take three and a half times longer to get there than if we just go from Point A to Point B. But Point A goes across uncharted waters, and on this map there are giant tentacles coming out of the water, probably just for flavor.


We can leave them here now.


I just need to move the boulders a bit.


She's going to enter inside of it.


(sings) We built this-- No, no more.


Let's gather the boys and alert whatever government we can.


We could just run.


Okay. All right, and then healthwise, where am I at? Went down 66?


It could be a soul or something.


Just for the record, I had no doubts about where that conversation was going. None. You have a deal. I don't know how or when we are going to pull this off, but if you don't make time--


Did you know we saw her?


I'm right next to him?


His quarters are that way. We should push forward.


You should play some Borderlands.


Yeah, Quall it up.


Yeah. We'll check in with Claudia if there's any other meetings. Again, appreciate you being so open.


See Nugget, here's the situation. Everybody else is going into this thing in the tunnel. I don't know if you want to go into the water, if you want to just hang out here and hope that everything goes okay or if you've got a preference. But, I'll tell you what. You can hop on with me if want to go with us on this adventure. If you'd rather just sit here, I'll leave you a little food and we'll probably be back in a couple of hours.


It's really quadruple.


Oh man. This is so bad.


That wasn't for you. Never mind.


And that misses entirely. In fact, I think I threw my dagger into the bones.


Now I'm going to action surge.


It goes inward like the big one.


We're leaving.


That's not bad. 19. No, 18?


Oh, it hits!


I pop on out and I say, hello again.


Wilhelm scream.


As I fly through the air, I'm looking up to see if Kashaw's putting any moves on Keyleth or anything.


She shouts as she flies through the air.


Put that shit on me, then.


Let's peek up. Is anything near us right now?


What was Matt going to say?


Yeah, you should have seen him. He disguised himself the other day, and it was like, (clicks tongue).


But it doesn't seem antagonistic in any way.


That is heavily disarming.


Five gold pieces.


Yeah I did, I think I did take quite a bit of chicken.


They're both within 15 feet of me, aren't they?


Oh my god. This is awful. Six.


Farthing's Embrace.


That's impressive, but you know my wang is built for power, not accuracy.


Your other friends tell me that they miss you too. So yeah.


Right in the kidney.


I'm going to steal a sip of the drink.


I don't even know what that word means.


But dire. It's white, a wintery wolf from the mountains that I'm from.


D-O-Y.


I'm going to take off my ion stone that's kinda chilling.


I go to the library.


We've got a trough!


He was a good man who was murdered by the gods.


So maybe we'll not have the mace on.


Still hits? 15 hits? Oh, that's 16 points of damage, and he has to make a constitution saving throw to not be knocked prone.


Did it say anything to you?


You want to stay and take a look after these people?


I will fucking punch you if you try and kiss me.


No, no no no, I empowered it. Full, it takes ten damage. 'Cause I empowered the spell.


Do we recognize these vines and what kind of plant this is?


Whoo, that's a good roll. Yay, first good roll of the night.


I still have it. I can Gust of Wind. That's my last 3rd-level spell.


If we don't like it, we'll leave. If we find something better.


Pretty hot.


How high up is that side?


I'll go over to it and say  Hey guys, can you hear us?


All right. That guy's still in the vines, right?


Will my Thorn Whip reach him? My 30-foot-range Thorn Whip?


I'm going to make a jump to another tree.


They won't grow back.


Well, why didn't you chime in before?! (laughter)


It might be balloon animals, don't sweat it yet.


What kind of meat is this, out of curiosity?


Ja, and some people are smart and it won't work.


So we can see Grog?


Yeah. The guy in the mask. He's the only one left right? Oh, the old lady's still running away? All right, I'll attack the guy in the mask.


What if we could trap it onto the ground here?


"Okay. It's okay. Toya?" And I look at Toya. "Hey, come on, let's get out of here, let's go."


But we wouldn't really want you within claw damage.


(groaning mumbles)


Well, listen, you can distract him with the actual Frumpkin while I shoot. It doesn't have to be an illusory Frumpkin. I can still shoot.


Cincture. It's like Spanx. We should call it Spanx of the Stone King.


There's a pancake brunch.


One question?


We start tip-toeing out, I suppose.


I mean, you could find your way down there.


Oh man, you look constipated.


No, there's going to be loads of plants, Mr. Caleb.


But you've got to roll 11 or higher for you to even blink out in the first place.


We could make ourselves look like some of them. One of us has a hat of disguise.


That was a whole lot of rolls. Survival. 11.


Study.


I thought you might have a friend.


Oh god. Mother bitch!


What? (groans)


Yeah you bust in and be a god.


Minor Illusion, I guess.


Yeah, you still don't have any stupid arms, stupid!


Is this a saving throw?


Oh, is there another, I guess so.


How many potions are there?


(sings) Let's do this.


One. Six. Seven. Seven extra points.


But now you don't have a cloak on. I'll take off my cloak and put it on Nott.


You're still drunk. Sober up. It's a new day.


Okay, hang on. He's only 15 feet.


How long does it take me to pull the axe out of the wall, and how far into Yakety Sax does the soundtrack get while I'm up there and with the foot and then I'm jumping on it and trying to pull it down.


That's about how I pictured them.


Why did you run the skull out of the house?


Go to the base-- look, the circle goes inside the larger circle.


Frumpkin lands on his head.


We've been hurting him.


That's seven points of damage again.


Can I take my Mace of Disruption and slam it on the ground?


I'm glad to be with you.


But just say it like--


Oh wow, you just said a lot of things in a very short space of time. You know, we just killed a dragon.


I found it to be very entertaining.


Oy.


Because Orcus is a god of necromancy and undeath.


That's somehow worse, all right.


Against each of them?


Come on, rogue.


Okay. Then I am going to run over to the kid.


The second one, knowing I'm going to get stuck on the ceiling, I'm going to paddle back and come up and crack with the other end.


I have been eating more.


Oh no, dice down!


I'm so still.


No, both of those sucked. The first one was 20. 20 was the first!


Oh, him having advantage because I'm helping.


So, yeah, he's free to have some good times at the old "lady houses" that you guys like to visit. The lady spas? (all laugh)


What is what?


Were you gonna-- you were gonna check your speed or something?


Did you say there were crates down here too?


No, because I used my magic thingy to get a slot back earlier in the day, so no.


To come up on the level where Beau is?


You can do it, buddy. You can do it.


Bad deadly ghost mist.


Because it flies, Scanlan.


What the fuck are you talking about? (laughter)


I don't cast Control Flames. I just do the Fireball for effect. I don't do Control Flames, because that's a concentration spell.


Are there any knots on the tree? Like underneath where the ribbon was?


Do we tell you now, or later?


Apparently, your people have a taste for the theatrics.


Grab the rod.


Fuck. You didn't say there were fucking guards.


But she's weighed down by the book!


Well, yeah!


I cast Death Ward on Scanlan.


Kid Hulk, Kid Iron Man.


Oh, he can?


Can I use what I just rolled for the middle one?


I think there's some in the first aid kit in the hallway. I'm pretty sure I stole some last week.


Oh, in the next day or two, we're just getting our bearings about us again. We'll be out of your hair shortly.


I'm going to take a closer look at those things. Do I need to roll anything if I see them now, because she's pointed them out?


We could, but that could be bad.


Yeah, that was our lineup.


Oh, the door! The door, okay. I'll check the door. Why don't you check the cage for these fellows?


Advantage on that. That sucks, that's a seven. I have resistance to fire, it's okay.


Tell me more about that dagger?


What's the floor look like from here to there? The same surface?


Like the ball? Is it the ball?


Oh gosh. All right. Okay, she grabs her smell bag real quick. Hold on!


Come on, cave bear.


Oh, I'd say we try to pick the lock a little bit to see if we can get out of here.


It's not real. It's a game. It's going to be fine.


What's to my right?


Oh, should we be on the broom? No, you should be off the broom because you might check for traps. I'll check for traps along the wall and ceiling. And he's going to check for traps--


Then, as my bonus action, I'm going to have Trinket run up and attack it.


Yeah, we thought he was an assassin.


I feel bad because it's a baby.


By the time he's smiling, you're already getting choked out.


Oh, very good. Light!


Well, let's think of what happened last time we were here.


I would like to start making my way in that direction.


Can I make out details of the space? Of the faces that are in it?


There's clouds painted on the ceiling for no reason.


It looks like they need to re-roof. Like they haven't done it in about 15 years. Right?


You're the distraction. I also Invoke Duplicity to where it looks like I'm still there on the outside and I can also be hanging out with you so you don't look like a random person.


Ooh, I have things. I have things! I have some shards of shiny pottery. I will throw them across the room.


It's still in this direction, right?


Fine. And then we can send her to look after that little creep that you're always talking about.


I can't figure it out. Sometimes when people are very athletic, they have very slow heart rates. You're very in shape. I'm going to climb up the tree and wake up Keyleth.


No, thanks. I'm straight-edge tonight. I've got to think clearly.


It's hard not to think about it with Sam.


I go, hey guys, hey guys! Shears! And I grab onto his plate armor and I cast Heat Metal. (sizzle)


It is a sending stone. It's a communication device. This was in Sutan’s house. This was under the rug that we destroyed and removed.


The pool of water is just a pool of water.


I don't remember, he does. I have a meeting in 20 minutes at the Pillow Grove-- I know that's wrong-- Right now, 20 minutes, I need to get in.


Good thing we didn't make a campfire!


They're so awful.


Does this thing have a name?


No! I shoot an arrow in the back of his neck.


Ah, I do have an idea about gaining the upper hand on our first meeting with this army that's upstairs. An intimidation technique of some sort.


No, you're great, you're great.


Go on the other side so you can open up the door that leads out.


Could you go Minxie for me?


Should we stop moving the cart?


All right, let's do it. Who's going to be doing the talking?


We can't promise that! The dragon could very easily kill us!


Yeah, right? I'm fucking over this shit!


Scratch those feathers.


Oh, oh, oh! Kiri's fine.


Of the tree, see if I can get any more details that we haven't already seen.


Ooh, what are all these bags in here?


Apologies to my friend.


I think he still has the symbol, doesn't he?


It's a good place to hide though, too.


He rolled a two, you're fine.


I can't remember is Lady Kima with us at this point? Is she unstoned?


Bring me back the change.


Must have been cold at night. You had to snuggle for body heat.


"He's just been a little annoying."


Hey, welcome to the crew of the-- well, we'll have to rename this thing. And I'll summon the falchion and just swipe through the ropes.


I start quietly handing over everybody's mouth, "Wake up, there's an ambush!" I'm scared of Yasha but I do it anyway. "Wake up, there's an ambush!"


Heroes' Feast, yeah.


Travis loves blowing four heads!


No not until he comes back from his rendezvous.


Yeah, we're in town!


I don't think so, Grog.


From out of the flames comes the spiritual weapon from behind and it's going to come up and spank him on the butt.


Can that astral connection hold?


We take off running--


Oh! 19, plus stuff. Plus seven.


Clean your gun, clean your gun!


You bring your own narrative?


Can I do that?


(sighs) I wish I had my smell pouch! (laughter)


Right, listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die, exiled from his herd. It was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale!


I'm going to follow behind and throw pebbles at them from behind.


No, they don't have to go in the water, right? They're burned. It's not like they burned in the water.


This is not celebration.


I want to give it to Caleb.


Let's just walk.


They're devils.


Fire hammer!


Can't move quickly.


Fuck you, Birdman. (laughter)


Dust of Tracelessness is just so they can't track us.


Oh, you guys set that bait out. You guys killed that ape, didn't you?


Will you take a walk with me?


Yeah. Tary, Scanlan. Scanlan, Tary.


(quick footsteps) Still in box form, I am going to go back up to them.


Me too. Thanks for saving us all in that big fight.


Who says he's after money?


Okay, it's going to be okay. Everything's okay.


You have advantage on wisdom saving throws and death saving throws. I'm also, as a bonus action, going to cast Sanctuary on Vex.


Wait, Chod! Chod!


Are they not going to take her to see the Lawmaker?


I mean, is there any particular shortcuts or less running into your kind along the way, I suppose?


What if it's just like one of those party cruises where they--


Surprise, motherfucker!


Well, I can tell you that her quarters have a balcony.


Nope. That's a 16.


Do we have our money?


Let's find out what's going on with the skull.


40-foot cube, excuse me, sorry. That's probably not big enough. That's too big, right? It's too far?


We can just pop over to Emon.


What do you think? It looks close. I don't know, though.


I don't even have my fucking axe, man.


Yeah, how'd you know they were ducks? Normally ducks don't live in the desert.


That's a possibility. I haven't ruled anything out yet.


No, Chris, no.


I'm going to do something else.


Or just right there. Also, as a reminder, D&D Beyond streams their weekly show called & Beyond every Wednesday on twitch.tv/dndbeyond. It's not-- take two. I was going to say it's not great conversations, but no. Pick up. It's got great conversations with special guests like Matt Mercer and Mike Mearls, and other guests with M.M. names. That's the whole announcement, but I recently went to Virginia, so I got inspired to write a country song for D&D Beyond.


Fucking guess, detective. Do you think I went to school?


I would say Caleb has been narrating this to everybody back.


Take a nap so that, maybe--


Guys, calm down. It's sort of a Dust Bowl type of a play I wrote.


Bathroom, I'll be back.


What does happen is Frumpkin scrabbles up your back and comes to your shoulder, and I'm watching everything from my hidey hole.


You were on the wall.


That's awful. No. Six.


I reverted, that's all.


It happened very quickly.


I've heard that it can help people in moments of panic and stress.


Percival, you seem a little pallid all of a sudden. Are you feeling all right?


That would be deception. All right. I'm lying like a motherfucker.


With Trinket.


Much easier this way.


Don't throw away your shot.


We could have them write a letter, and we can seal it and then it would be official.


Get ready to fall, there, Grog.


I don't know but I will have a high-- 23.


Wait, get it so that I can make a wish.


Stay tuned for the break to see who it is, or if you happened to watch it you already know, but stay tuned for the break for the surprise.


In front of the bakery?


First attack. That was good. 20?


I don't need to rest. I'll stand guard.


I need a beard trimmer.


Do we have any visual on what it could be?


I like that plan, too.


Yeah, sure. I'm going to take out a handful of ball bearings and try and toss them.


I don't even know what that is.


I'm going to cast Light really quickly, too.


I want to mix the acid in. Add some raspberries.


Yeah, I'm staying right there. I can't see; is there a soldier right there next to the invisible guys, or is it just the invisible guys?


It doesn't matter, they're still gonna see you.


You got a whisper?!


Those dice are magic.


I'll keep lookout.


Freestyle.


Well, they done took it all, I think.


But don't be scared.


Roll this?


Neither did I.


All right, we'll have to fine-tune my abilities.


I'm in shock.


Nope, I'm just doing this.


Am I up to what? What was that, Grog?


But it's something, if he's out of range.


Don't forget to use the code 'criticalrole' for 10% off your Loot Crate monthly geek crate.


What if you and I dressed in exact, identical clothing, and then we're unique? We're, you know, twin slaves?


Or Mr. Rogers?


I could just jump on it.


That was pretty cocked.


He's not even happy, he's hiding in here.


I give Scanlan a little boot in the butt forward a couple of steps.


Yeah, yeah. Where in Ank'harel?


But we couldn't see that!


I think that also sounds like a very fine idea.


(animal noises) Oh she can change into a dragon but she's-- yeah.


Yeah, maybe you should take it off, it's kind of annoying--


We gotta know how--


We'll get it back before 100 years are up.


I have a plan. I have a plan.


So what happens when I crit?


But it's the road that we've...


This is it. This is it.


That's true. That is true!


Yes, good job Trinket!


Hotis, where the fuck are you?


He's been practicing that shit in his bedroom.


I noticed back there that you were using your hands and weapon stuff and things. You're not a healer or anything?


It's broken?


That's nothing for us.


That's where it's going to go down is in the Bloated Cup.


Can we heal him? If we heal him, will it cancel it?


I'm going to try and push Caleb awake and go for a tree.


Can I try to lift it?


Okay. I used Alter Self originally, correct?


But still on the Titan?


I think we're of a like mind.


Because we're always together, we're always kind of in the back together, and they're always kind of like up in the fray, so--


And the water is not that greenish dark color. It's really beautiful and light blue.


I get them confused.


We're going to do our best. We're going to see how it's going to be.


Oh, yeah. Sliding them over.


You've just had this like really angry face in the corner for a little bit.


We might not make it out alive. If you talk to my brother, that's what he says. He says it every time.


Oh. It would, wouldn't it? I thought it was only when going down.


I'm going to take him out of his cage and put him on the table here.


Yeah! 11! (laughter)


No, Caleb, save your gold for paper.


And his glistening boots of shining upkeep. And his--


We stayed up.


We wouldn't come by if it weren't an emergency.


Well, we had some donations today for Extra Life. This was our last week for Extra Life donations, guys. As a whole, okay, we'll get through these and then I'll read the total overall, because it's something everyone in our community should be proud of.


It's more than we used to make in a year, easily.


Just hold on a minute, I want to-- Yeah.


They make pharmaceuticals for that.


You don't actually have to listen to a man who needed an eye mask explained to him, but--


I live for one thing.


My face feels like it's on fire.


I haven't lit it yet. You can light it, I'll help.


Is there a back door to this place?


Come on, be the Mockingjay, Keyleth!


Can I take the Control Water to see if I can like waterbend it out of his lungs, if there's any water in his lungs?


Through the stained-glass window.


All right, we'll get some in Marquet.


Damn it. If I would've rolled one fucking higher.


Ashley's texting quite a lot right now.


It's all-- if he had more stuff, he could really do well.


No, I'm less, aren't I?


Of course I did. As my bonus action, I'm going to take-- I don't know. I have a bag of gems of my own. I'm going to pull out from my thing, and toss it at the efreet, and say, we're more than we look, and we need your help. Hope that it bribes him.


Is there any sign of life? I mean, other than plant life?


What even are titties?


I follow behind him.


I thank you for your time and patience.


Just wang out.


I'm having that thought, as well.


There's shade being thrown in every direction tonight, isn't there?


Is it ending tomorrow night, or is it ending tonight?


All day long, right?


Holy shit.


That's a big risk.


Right in the heart?


He was great! It was a great project! I love Star Wars! I'm dressed as him! (laughter)


Bad relationship.


I will. I will remember the after part of it, you know?


I'm just asking, I like to put labels on things. It's an OCD thing.


Oh, you are?


As we were moving in the bubble, I cast Animate Dead on Delilah and I raise her.


With a 'V', as in--


Oh, I had to cast that at level six, by the way.


Scanlan stepped out. Tary's in.


Did we heal any? We didn't do any of that healing or anything, did we?


I'm going to dream about the Traveler.


Okay. Did you see the lock I just--


Vasselheim doesn't take very kindly to magic stuff.


Before we leave, I run up and give Yasha a hug, and say: I'm glad you're back.


Spring snakes!


I don't claim to understand anything.


Just pick one.


Oh, yes, I remember.


We could have done the ruby book!


You want me to get the deck out?


Right? I should do a Cure Wounds on you.


I'm shooting at the death knight, so now I'm going to do a grit shot. I'm going to burn for dead-eye sharpshooter. That's 27?


Can I squat down behind Kash?


Don't you have spells? You have so many spells!


Where is Yasha? I go down; is Yasha still sleeping, or is Yasha still here?


Yes. Look, she is traumatized.


You'd like to what?


The Spiritual Weapon goes wandering over, just as sassy as she wants to be. I do believe that the underbelly of the manticore is still waiting there for Estelle to tell him all kinds of horrible things about what it's like to live in South Florida.


Nailed it! You know our friend's name.


No, Keyleth said you just say "zap," and he just does it until you tell him to stop.


Mine's better.


Oh, cocked. Super cocked. More!


That concludes the file, that's all I've got. The other things in here were just the pictures that I cut out.


It's such a big map.


Laryngitis every Friday. (laughter)


Focus.


It's also unsettling as fuck, right?


The Orcus one?


It farts a little cloud of smoke.


I catch it.


Your friend's coat? I know it's maybe not--


Oh, he's got to find it.


I've been wanting to watch somebody holding on and make them drop it. I've been wanting to do that for like, probably a year and a half now. God, is there anybody fun on our side?


You haven't lived until you've slept on Dwarven Forge.


Vax, do you want to check for traps and see if there's anything interesting in there?


Constitution saving throw. It's a lot. 22 on the first one.


Like inside of Groot gentle glow.


Yeah, grabbing the helmets and here, I'm going to borrow you.


I walk up to the giant and I take out my jerky.


With an N.


All right. That's fine.


Well, we can't communicate when we're in mist form, so you just have to go do if you feel it.


No! Let me go first!


I'm in there too! I've returned from the first game as Barker and I will yell at you if you're in my faction. Damn, that's got some weight to it, son! Mmm!


Yeah, it's your interpretation.


I need to, I need to.


I'm not afraid anymore, you hear that?


"No."


Thank you being on our show! It was fun.


Are we on our way there now?


It's a constitution?


She's just yelling obscenities.


Percy power!


Well here's the question  do we just go until we have to stop and then we camp wherever we're going to camp, or do we find something like this, which is possibly a little safer and then just wake up very early and run and go further?


No, he's close enough! Man, come on, I've been around Trinket enough.


I don't know how I even do that!


These are the Kickstarter boxes, though. These are what's being done now, or are those for sale right now?


Is this why you were expelled from Marquet?


Have you heard about this?


I think we have, like, 40 or 50 of them left, right? And they're burrowed, now?


I can walk. I can fight. I'm not as pretty.


He's paralyzed.


Oh! Yeah! I leave one of those to you guys, and I run at the two wyverns on the left.


I turn to JB real quick.


Come on, motherfucker!


Well who's the friendlier Greypsine?


So there's no real easy way into the bog, is what you're saying?


We'll stop by Gilmore's on our way back up to the front hall.


Weirdly, he's dripping wet.


Tova, that sword makes you look so tall.


Why don't you want me to come here, please?


Actually, if I could steal two commons, just to be on the safe side.


Scanlan, you're such a dick!


Did you travel in a wagon when you were with your family?


That’s really good.


I'm going to throw-- Oh, I just see a column of fire.


We like fuck-ups. We're a family of fuck-ups, so, you want in or not?


Fireball. (laughter)


Two 50 drops.


We don't see that?


We took about 70 gold.


Sorry. I going to take a big drink.


I am not doing well, but I am alive.


There's also shirts! And hats! And patches and--


No, let's mime it! (grunts) Coming!


And looking at him, I stick it in Grog's arm and I drag it down and I never take my eyes off him.


You are searching for us right now, are you not?


Yes it has, sir, yes it has.


But I see a motherfucker behind me, don't I?


Advantage because of the Cat's Grace. It's a 19.


Wow, he's on a roll.


I'll hold onto them, thanks.


Once he gets back to our side.


It's going to be a dark window, isn't it? This entire trip.


That's our evidence?


Can I use it against the bear?


Also going to head towards the castle. And we should drop off some of our spoils.


It would be a contract, we would be--


It takes three fingers to do it at the same time.


It is, isn't it?


Thank you for your time. Good day.


The boss is still asleep, you said.


That's true. But I didn't have my fingers in the holes.


Oh, I am? I would like to throw Whisper to the rock I was initially hiding behind and bamf there.


I know, she really is.


We're going to take the carpet and make our way to the other pond.


I'm going to go find my healing potions to find out what I have, but I'm going to do that-- yep, moving right along.


That was a good roll.


Is the Ball of Fun there?


Oh shit, I hope he didn't hear me just say that about him. Dammit.


And I will start telling you about it.


Oh, the golem is dead.


Do I have more movement? No, right?


All right, one gold.


Yeah, he gave me the carwash. Took it all away.


I'm going to spend the rest of my attack pushing the eagle down to fly at tree level.


We're going to march several armies across the entire continent to get there? It'll take days.


What is it? What are they? What do they do?


So are we able to pick our way through?


The guy you charmed.


What a fool.


I think I'm at 16. Let me just double-check. Okay, yep.


Don't. Flick. Money at me. Dear. If you want to keep your hands.


But I thought we established that they don't need visual contact to influence us, they just need to be able to be aware--


We're going to have to bring them some dragon parts.


So much molasses.


I heard a rumor last night that more are getting through. I don't know.


Good. Slick.


These Knights of Requital.


It's really blue, and it smells like fish!


I thought we said it in the last game.


Removing resistance?


These things are not cheap.


At the Sluice.


31!


Yeah, we want to do it towards us.


One way to find out. I'm going to take a shot at the violin.


Which means--


Let me enjoy my last two months of life!


Is it kind of obvious?


I don't know if you guys noticed, but there was this recessed door up in the queenie's room, but I don't know if maybe she would have some fancy stuff back there. Can't shake these guards.


I like your shine on me shirt.


And escaped. How many did we let go including Shakäste?


So if the majority of us wait at this trap door and I send my spider upstairs to see what's going on, to see if our friend is up there, we can learn about upstairs, and if anyone pokes their head out of that door they're going to lose it.


What am I doing? Adding what?


You'll talk to Eskil, because I hate that motherfucker.


I break my neck, I die.


Weirdly-- and I dont know, you've spent more time with him-- but he strikes me as a man who's, weirdly, happier in jail right now than he'd be out of it.


He's getting dice. A lot of dice.


But I play Vex'ahlia, who is a half-elf ranger, and I have an amazing--


They're the only functioning organization left in the city at this point.


Yeah we did, we definitely did.


Is there an Alter Self sort of spell that could make you be able to speak underwater? Is there anything that you can do that allows for speech?


I toss it to Nott.


Can I listen?


You don't want to see the ex?


Broad Barn?


How long do we have?


Mixed results.


You have some plan or something, right?


Hope Devourer. Maiden name Hope. Maiden name Hope.


I want to try and hover down so I can see a little better.


You're leaving me in this thing's anus for two weeks?


Oh, yeah, because she cast--


It's only fair. Come on.


No I'm not, I'm unconscious.


Does Detect Magic uncover anything else besides what he's already looking through?


I mean, if it's a triangulation--


Wow, that was a tough battle.


They're gone, gone?


Okay. All right. So I'm going to roll for damage. So this is Assassin. It is not surprise?


So 18 for the first one.


What makes a book interesting? I genuinely don't know how to answer that.


She's definitely not as strong as the others, but far more clever.


Dang! 30.


I put the gun to the side-- no, I'm holding the gun on Briarwood. That deal was a soft deal. It was a dream. It was a vision.


Wapetopetok!


You can make him a little mask and then he'd be the Crimson Weasel.


You rage-looted. The rage-looting was pretty much the most disgraceful thing I've ever seen.


Got it. We're good.


We're out.


Balls! (Coughs) Shit. Frumpkin! Lumpy, come here.


Just people coming.


See ya later, guys.


I mean, my bonus actions are--


Did I get it, though?


If they don't find us.


I feel good. I feel like pursuing Vecna was something that we all did together and I feel like whatever we do now is new and I felt like I was going to have to do that on my own and I don't want to do that.


I release the arrow.


To her?


So you're telling them?


(singing) 1-800-General!


13! Plus one.


(singing) Best lay ever!


Are you still trying to get Queen, too?


(laughs) (sighs)


Would this be a surprise, if I'm that stealthed?


I'm working on her.


Yeah, that's what I was curious about. That's exactly what I wanted. All right, then how about this? I take out my Spire and I do a Chain Lightning out of the Spire.


Let's let them make any insinuations they want. The crew will fall the way they will. Again, I think giving too much is too much. The guy's itching for a reason to get rid of her. Let's give him what he wants. No conditions, no terms. Nothing.


You keep the same mental stats.


I'm assuming these are the people that Gilmore said I would know.


Mm.


Plus three, so yes I am.


He's the captain of the guards, anyway.


Okay, well then I'll punch it. I'll punch it in its wind face.


When it happened, he had four stones, four orbs in his lair. They saw us.


I don't even want to play.


Yep, there's no getting around it.


So you'd be happy to help us find Cassandra de Rolo, wouldn't you?


Boulder, parchment, shears.


That's not going to hit, that's a three plus-- 11.


And now they're ready for a fight.


Let us know if you need anything.


Thank you! The third one definitely misses. That's a two plus eight, that's ten.


Whew, you are a tank.


One in the pooper! (laughter)


I fall asleep in the mud and rain.


(whispers) We could totally push her off the cliff right now.


Put that book in the bag so it doesn't get wet.


One of your blue guys! The blue guys! That disappears with this place--


Oh shit, that's not a bad call. I'll check my reflection in the well.


Yeah, I don't know. That's not where I'm going. Beau?


Yup.


Does it kill me while I move?


Are you challenging me?


It's a good ranged stink.


Wow, that's awful. Wait, that's cocked.


Yeah, because he won't.


I shut him up and I kiss him.


Filet of fish!


From the gods.


Can we lure it somewhere else, perhaps?


I'm here for making money.


The Frostweald.


To be fair, it’s not like the money would do her any good right now.


I'm playing with the longsword.


Nope, you're not there.


You should go see it?


You have resistance to fire, too.


Night, Shauna. It was so nice to meet you. Thank you so much for everything.


How many have you sold?


I immediately look for Cerkonos, tell him what happened, light the fire orbs. The chaos orbs. Crisis orbs.


She probably just took off to handle some Yasha business, right, though?


Oh! okay.


-- a plus six, so that's actually eight.


That seems fair-ish to me.


No, this guy's got advantage!


You want to heal yourself? Potions?


There's also a training room several levels down if you want to go smash some shit.


I thought you were out of there, man.


Do you have maybe one B-side besides the fire?


And then I would probably wander down to good old Percy, and just ask him if he needs help with any tinkering.


Hold your breath on the count of three.


You will be seeing us again. And I take out 20 gold. 20 gold.


Hey guys, it's a Z.


I'll dimly look into the darkness and see if I can see, hear, or there's just gray mist in front of my eyes right now.


Hm?


Oh, the goliath?


Kiki.


Wait are these like playing cards or tarot cards?


I actually had Matt as my first DM, way before All this started. So I played a few other games, and then, now I'm back to the OG master.


I really am.


The other one, I will point at and I will remove a tiny rotten tart from my pocket and crumple it onto the floor and take a feather and move it around over the crumbs, and say: Hey, what happens to a frog's wagon when it breaks down? It gets toad away! And I will cast Hideous Laughter on the gnoll.


(rewinds) So!


I rolled a one and then a natural 20.


And waffles.


How was your time?


Maybe we just toss him in the blood.


Pike, you're frozen.


Badge of honor.


There seems to be some windows on this side, right?


Well, you can light your little flaming warhammer.


I call out  Daxio, don't be a moron. Step outside and lower your weapon, you're surrounded.


So, wait, a couple days and then we're heading out? I thought we were heading out now.


It did a considerable amount of damage to my hand and definitely felt like it was sucking me in and I had to resist pretty hard. But it seems like anything that goes in that sphere doesn't come out the other end intact.


Little much.


No, Grog, I'm not.


Did you all fucking take off your costumes?


They were my least favorite.


Wow. That's awesome. Hopefully these will be good. 20 additional.


Can I knock?


Fifth Element, anyone? Oh look! Breath of Grog reveals all! Look, behold! Two. Lines.


I'm going left.


Where's the guard? Can we see him?


(singsong) I cut off the ears.


To the stone-cold motherfucker on air.


How long does goop last? Will Doty just always have hair now?


Deflect Missiles.


Do you think it would hurt if we did it at the same time?


I'm done here. I walk towards the store. Is it open?


I can now.


I know, so quiet!


My stealth roll is 15, it doesn't even matter.


Run in, and if I can flank him great. If not I'm still going to take my shot.


Until tomorrow.


(sings) We are the daughters of Trident!


To the best-- ooh, that's a good idea. You know, to the best of my knowledge, this is-- and it's limited-- this is a very powerful thing, and we are taking a risk--


Oh. Okay, is he-- (laughs)


The description of her dream.


That would be pretty baller.


He's got a beak?


He was teaching him "sit" and "play dead" and stuff.


You're making a fruit basket?


He's really old, so that really means a lot to him.


And Molly.


I'll go take a look.


It's got sticks.


Also, many of the shops that can do that kind of thing are destroyed, so--


Here. Here's ten gold.


I wonder what's behind green.


You are adorable right now.


The hyenas are just doggos.


It's shallow priest discretion. What will he do? Look as the DM muddles his choices. Considers consequences. Plans his retribution.


I come down and join everybody.


And two extra helmets.


Okay. Okay. Oh! Right behind it? Do I see myself missing too? Fine. As I'm missing I'll form it into a spike at the end where the walls hit.


Did you use it?


He wasn't a bad person. I think he just had bad direction. I don't know, he could've been a good dad. He was a shitty dad and a good businessman.


Do you know how to sail?


Because I have Spiritual Weapon, maybe I can try to create a crazy-ass bomb type of thing.


Although I don't think this shit and piss is mine.


The horn of--


That was very effective.


No! Actually, it's unfortunately the opposite.


Am I able to attack it... without hurting her?


Behind the bigger rock where Percy's stationed right now.


She wants that paper!


Is something happening now?


Can I have my Scrying Eye back?


Well, he's in the mayor's--


Not split them up necessarily, but have each of them occupied.


Do you wanna check on that?


I did, everything is fine up there, the research continues. They're happy to take people.


I would've gotten down the rope at this point, and seeing Fjord examine that, I cast Detect Magic instantly.


I can't not do it.


That's it. Just stare at it whenever I can, when they're not paying attention.


Pointer face?


Do you see it, Caleb? Do you see it?


Oh my god. All right, and that's a--


All right. So that was bonus action, action, I'm going to use my action to then just fly away from the fucking thing, a hundred feet away diagonally up into the tunnel where I can still see it, hopefully. I'm hasted.


Auf Wiedersehen!


That would probably be good. How long?


I'll do the breaking part.


Towards the action. Yeah, and poke his head out, actually, closer to-- He'll come out between Molly's legs. Peek right out there. I'm sitting down in the muck in the sewer and I'm now watching and listening to use Comprehend Languages through Frumpkin.


I cast Enlarge on Beauregard so that she's ten and a half feet tall.


Yeah, why am I writing this down? I know this shit.


Yes it is.


You could make a cosmetic line!


I got nothing left. That was my action and bonus.


No, another one.


Well, Jester, if he's fine by you, I mean, let's get out of the rain, I'm fucking soaked.


Right in front of the baby!


With a letter.


(laughs) You're strange, you know that?


Well, maybe if we cause enough of a ruckus as soon as we release him.


We will. We will. It's--


I can drive.


I sent this short story to Matt-- what was it, a year ago? I just wanted him to know why Trinket was so special to me. It's such a dorky thing.


I'll take that. 24.


I was never the goth kid.


With his poop?


Our lord and savior.


I could be Ipess.


"All right" is literally "all right."


It worked!


So 20 total.


Great, yeah, come with us. Just Vax knows the way, Vax will you... You know? The spot?


Yeah, that's true. We want to spread out.


Don't get greedy.


I see it and use the Glove of Blasting to fire three Scorching Rays.


(whispering) It's Dashilla!


I could say I'm muttering it under my breath.


Well, sunlight would be nice as opposed to this misty fog.


Beau's down.


Does it seem like there are any boats that are broken at the bottom of it?


Wait, they were 80 feet away?


I hope you know, my intention wasn't to abandon anybody, especially not you. I thought I was going to have to activate the damn sphere and it was going to open up a portal or something. I didn't know it was going to immediately take me away from the fight. I'm sorry.


I just-- do we know where we're going yet?


Big old fatty tree.


That came together pretty nicely. You're really good at the whole fake hostage thing, too. That was great acting. It was very--


Yeah. Sweet D&D rave.


I concentrate on it.


Could it have been-- I don't know how your scrying works-- could it have been some sort of a magical block? Not real, an illusion of some sort?


That's a suicide mission.


We did. Shit. Yes, we did. Never mind.


I'll follow.


I reach through and try to grab everything in, pass it out.


Pretty good. That's 19 plus something.


He was fine for years. Something set him off.


Good old Larkin!


You and your brothers and sisters? Or you and your children or parents?


We could go steal an airship.


It could be.


Can I also, as my bonus action-- Who's around me? Who needs inspiration? Who needs inspiring? Who's-- yeah, oh, shit. I'll give Pike some inspiration, 'cause she's my awesome sweetheart.


(sighs) That's it.


Well, that's a turn of events. Okay. Am I close to-- Who's the closest gnome? Can I get to them?


Well, if we have an extra day, what does that get us?


Well I shit more than your kid will, but other than that, it's like this but with less shit.


Oh, wait. I don't know why I'm rolling two.


You lot! Hello! Wow! Who are you all? Look at this, magical items from head to toe. Why, I've never seen anything quite like it.


The Adventures of Huckle-Tary Finn. (all laugh)


Cool. I'm inside?


So much faith in you.


What was that? That's a one. (laughs)


All right, hands off him.


This is going to be an 11.


Well, you know. We love London, we love UK, we love it all.


He also plays Black Widow.


Oh, sorry, asswipe! Okay, that is a 19.


Interpretive dance.


I can get us somewhere within the City of Dis. I don't know if--


I don't want to die, if that's what you're saying.


We do that.


We have the human hand as well. We have the mechanical hand and the human hand.


No, they're going to stay with us in a tight group. But they're going to keep their eyes as we move.


What are we playing? Are we playing Go Fish, or War, or--


I don't think that applies here.


Doesn't he know that I am Jester, still?


As I notice, I go, "Anybody with (mumbling) knowledge of medicine should give a whack at cleaning some of those."


College days, yeah.


You survive an encounter by a tiger by running really quickly in the other direction or hopefully hacking it to death before it kills you.


This week's crate theme is Primal. Featuring awesome swag from X-Men, Overwatch and Predator.


Gotta teach lessons.


What an accident that was. Oh no!


I will go to Sutan's.


And I priorly had luck with more than--


Can we melt the golems into their heads?


(whispers) Rakasha!


Does it see us?


I start sprinting around that open hallway near Cassandra. I stop by Cassandra and dagger, dagger, dagger.


That's not a spell slot, it's just my-- Oh! Expend one ranger spell slot! I have never, ever done that.


Oh! What is that?


I have advantage on that?


28 on that one.


He wanted to take him to the ground.


I thought that the guards were going to show up way sooner. We lucked out. They've got a low response time in this city.


I can take Pike.


I have a thing just for you.


Not too bad.


I'm already at a 32, man!


Oh, hell yes.


We should go out the other door as fast as possible.


That we know of.


We're keeping a good distance, as we get closer, so it lasts, I cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


She loves the hand-woven carpets. It's just very tragic.


What did you give me?


It worked once before.


You're going to kill the smoke beast.


This one was very large.


Maybe it's "no fur." Maybe we should leave Trinket. I'm just saying, that's the furriest one. I don't want Trinket to die.


I have one thing I'd like to do.


I just didn't say it because I'm an asshole.


What if we get trapped at another one and then we can't get out?


No, it can work on anything, I think. I've never turned anything into diamonds.


What's the gentleman who realized that I was there? Earlier, before we came in?


Vax, can you hear me?


1,619.


I thought he was a honey badger.


Only because no one has.


No. I can't, today. I'm sorry.


I go back upstairs.


Has anyone new come around and talked to you?


I could theoretically dig the trench possibly without anybody noticing, like tunnel underground and just tunnel it out and maybe even, you know. Leave like a thin layer of dirt, possibly? I dunno. Maybe.


I don't know. While you guys are doing this I'm going to be like: Guys, they have pillows.


Sure, how much?


Just for some reference, does it look like he's possessed, or does it look like he's trying to remove something?


Okay, well then I will heal Pike, is that okay?


Feels a bit extreme.


Oh, I don't know. Are you a--


Can you? I'm dying! I might be having a heart attack! Beau reaches around, and scuffles around to Caleb and goes: Give me the notebook! I'm sticking with the plan!


He does. He was listening in.


Oh, then I can be out of the door. Am I right with what I wrote down there?


Oh no, it hurts already.


Can I use my ranger abilities and try to disguise where we're camping?


Oh sorry. (quieter) I found a hatch.


Dash and take it? Oh, you need a distraction.


What do you know?


Y’all don't fucking know me. (laughter)


I'm going to take aim and hold my full attack until he tries to get up.


Grog, I want to go find that orb.


Do you know of any more information on this dragon? That's all? Any weaknesses? Anything?


I don't think they're going to come up once we're out of here. They'd have to dig through.


Natural 20. (laughter)


Talking?


Yeah, some of them are a lot meaner.


Scanlan? Speak up,


Ooh, that guy is definitely arrested.


I'll be back.


Not opening it, just looking at the--


I feel like you're filling a playground with gravel right now. I feel like he's playing putt putt golf with us.


I mean, mine's so fricking powerful.


You want to let him go, don't you?


Okay. I can get about there?


It was horrible!


Role-playing, guys.


Maybe it'll ship to New York? (laughter)


Good! I approve of this.


We need to sleep. We need to get up in the morning--


I've got a great idea. Let's get some beer, let's take a rest, and in the morning we can go to the game room, get some dice and some paper--


Pickle walks forward and takes a knee and waits with her holy symbol of Sarenrae, waiting for them.


We're eight subscribers away from another giveaway. (cheering)


That thing scares me.


Well, I don't want to force them to, but of course they're welcome to.


No, no no no!


I suck!


Daylight on the tip of that arrow.


I'm going to pick a random one.


Misfire, I gotta--


Yeah, he should be a part of the team that goes in.


I'm going to add my boots.


It's the most amazing thing!


Do you need some privacy?


I rolled a 19, my Perception's 11.


Wait, wait! Pass Without a Trace.


-- I'm out of my league. I'm out of my league. Listen, it was fun. It's fun. It really has been fun to travel with six legends. It's fun. It's fun to say that your friends are legendary fighters. It's fun!


(laughs) We are the worst people.


Well, maybe.


Grab onto the vine!


We should dispel it or something.


I will take my narcissistic token that has my symbol on it.


On the first attack. And then I'll attack him again. 'Cause that was just one.


I-- well, this was just--


Vecna comes back, and we all die.


Tiger bomb?


We're arguing about who's going to take the first watch.


They both hit. They're both 24s.


I didn't say anything!


You've got a ride. Animal handling. I'm going to drop and I'll start focusing on the Gatestone.


Maybe, but-- (sighs) So, here it is. My whole life has been wanting to punish or get back at Kevdak. I don't want to do it cheaply, I don't want to do it quickly. I want to do it with my own hands. Now, I'll do it with my family, do it with my buddy Pike, but I want it done right.


A human man? That was teenage years, baby. I've gone much further than that since then.


Just a staircase up?


Do we jump on three, or is it one, two, three, go?


#blessed.


Gnomish. That's it.


Pop and lock! Pop and lock!


That's how it works, right? Everyone in the bed is--


A third door.


God fucking-- Grog! You stepped-- I mean, the central structure held the whole thing! I'm getting a sunburn because we've been here for so--


This is not instantaneous. Since I am so tired, it takes me a little bit longer. I wedge out one of my books and I set it on the ground.


I can't take my turn now, can I?


Underwater.


[cheering]


See, here's my thing. Does anyone else notice that the zombie transformations seem like a serpent shedding its skin? Because they always slough off their skin?


All right. We'll instruct Orly--


Oh goodness. Guys. We are going to have to get some warm clothing. It seems like that. So let's go shopping.


Oh, sorry. Yeah, just once.


What is this magic?


Okay. I'm going to scrape a bunch of it up just into my hand, so I have a big handful of it, and I'm just going to go to Grog's room, and I'm going to slowly, just at the door, take time to write, Grog smells like farts and--


He's smirking evilly. It's an evil smirk.


Oh look, I'm farting!


They're in the way, Keyleth.


Well that's fine, then.


Well, he does all of them and then divides.


Only 59 more minutes.


Listen, you should just forgive Keg, she doesn't know that she was being insulting. She's rough around the edges-- and she's right, you could do better than me. Look at this. This is a mess. I mean, the teeth.


Well, 1500 gold it is.


You do you, Vex'ahlia.


Right. So, Boots of Feral Leaping, I don't really-- unless we're on the bottom of the ocean.


Good news. Good. Great.


Keeping an eye out for, you know, buildings that look clustered and abandoned that we can hide in.


I made like 15 tickets right now. And it takes me an hour to craft.


And I'm going to finish scooting down there.


I make him a mouse. (laughter)


Well, now hold on. I would have to roll a 12. Of a d12.


It’s the rubber pencil trick.


Yeah, totally. The mucus hole.


We'll kill everyone. Kill everyone.


Training exercise?


Oh, wait. No, that's for moving it. The bonus action is moving it. I got it.


And then it was obtained by somebody else, who you don't know who it is.


No, we brought--


Staring at him with that dead-in-the-eyes Percy look? Yeah.


d6. Four.


You only got 16 on 4d8?


I've said it before, but I'm sorry we weren't here. To help. We haven't known each other that long, but you've shown us incredible kindness and care, and I'm very grateful for that. I will return the favor, if it's ever needed.


So excited by the Divine Smite. There's that. And that is a little bitty two plus six is eight. And I forgot to add my bonus to the dagger before, so you can make that 14 for total damage.


He got meteored. (laughter)


$100,000 a month!


It's only two inches wide?


Fly it up.


How do we even know they're alive?


I'm just concerned if he could treat you well.


(kid voice) That's a octopus!


Do we get to choose where we get branded?


That's the east.


That's a good voice!


Look, it doesn't have any blood on it anymore. It sucked it all in.


That's exactly what we need to do.


It's like that.


I was just about to say, does this look normal to you?


That's cocked. (deep voice) 27.


I don't mind rain.


That's my nickname, man. Don't shit on my nickname.


Ooh, nice!


I don't think we opened the individual locks on the books. I think you just grabbed locked books.


We're talking about the Young Avengers this next week. We just finished Wonder Woman; it was a great time. We wore tiaras and capes and talked.


Technically, it'll lower slightly lower than where it's supposed to be, because it doesn't just halve the doubling of the dice.


He said that with a question mark.


Where's Scanlan? How close--


Don't know.


We'll keep an eye out. I promise. If anything needs to be shared between, you can rely on us to pass a message.


Should we try to take them?


I can throw you. Taking it back to the old school. That's a little careless.


And it's been about three days since they've seen Riskel?


We need to build bleachers back here. We've got this thing.


We do gotta wait for Uncle OG. By the way, since I'm the tour guide, do you have any plume-y hats? You know? 'Cause if you take like a campus tour, they have a flag and they're like, "Over here!" In case you get lost. Or like when tourists walk around and they're like, "Don't get left-- mm." Do you have anything like that?


Doe, a deer? A female deer?


Aw, damn it!


Oh, I forgot about Dran.


Also, give your friend a hug. Love each other.


She's pretty cool. I liked her a lot.


I can trigger that down the road, right?


We should move together. There's no point in leaving just a few--


I don't think that we should do anything. It does seem like a bit of a double standard that everybody threw poo at Keyleth for picking a flower.


Okay, 2d-- Oh, sorry. Rusty at this.


Gnome and Common.


Did you think we were going to get to this?


You got it!


I don't know why.


Do you have to go and kill it first?


Religion check? Well, that's not good. 20.


We're going to make some beautiful comment cards.


Super, play that thing.


I mean either way, he can make it work, right?


Sure. Do I kill him first?


Wait, what does she have?


Well I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on him.


I think I'm all right.


Can I do something unconventional here, Matt, and undo my last shot? So, give him back 11 points of damage. Because I'm holding a keg of gunpowder and there's no way I can reload a crossbow while holding a keg of gunpowder.


