I take out the little pebble and I drop it on the floor.


Maybe I could talk to him?


Do you want us to go to this temple?


Right, but we had a lot of stuff in that Bag of Holding. I kept most of the stuff that I needed on me, but how many healing potions do we have?


I forgot about the baby. (sigh)


Hush up, Vex’ahlia.


Well, as far as I know we have three things still on our plate.


Yeah, right. Oh god, but if I get a double dash, I can get farther away, right?


I just start eating grass.


You know, we haven't talked much over this year since I've been helping your fucking sister.


Understood.


Oh, he is?


We stand with... a master of the Grey Hunt. She is the one who can speak for Whitestone on that level. If you say destroy it, we destroy it.


The cult of Yeenogru.


Au revoir.


Yeah, stay up with me.


I never remember to use it like that.


Light destroys darkness. Pike, you're the only one who--


I'm burning through so many ki points.


They're super awesome. One of these days we're gonna fight one.


You must know Jareth the Goblin King? You're buddies with him?


Do they not have food?


Oh, don't!


Anyone speak Dark-Shady-Guy-in-a-Sewer?


I can most definitely detect the dragon. So, you're saying that we need to not be out in the open, because the dragon is attracted to things that are not hidden?


Just to clarify your description. The container is being held from above?


Now go to sleep, we fought a dragon yesterday.


I have an idea!


Ooh, that's good, 17 plus my athletics, which is good, which is seven, so 24.


Oh no! (group groans) (imitates thudding)


So that's 16.


I know, they could, but they also thrive on order.


But we tried to just use it like a parachute.


Then maybe no one would miss him. In fact, maybe people down there don't like him. You know?


Mm?


(exhales) Got it. Not sure what to do.


Jarl? What?


They're gunners, right?


Is this a thing? Is this happening right now?


Aren't you skin-diving?


Every fucking time. Hi!


It might be helpful so there's not--


We did, but if I burn a higher-level spell, then yeah. What does it matter, at this point?


I don't have a lot for a bonus. I can go into an elemental form.


Rooftop shit, yeah.


Theoretically, I could enhance your ability, but it's a concentration spell and I've already protected from acid against Grog.


This is basically a short rest? Is this what this is?


No, I'm not a--


I won't tell anyone, Percy.


It will be a string on a bell. You're learning so well.


Okay, so I'm using Sharpshooter then.


For the first attack.


I'd like to pick up the hammer and slam him down to the ground just so he's at Trinket's head height.


I think we should tell her we didn't get it and see what she does.


What happened? What's going on?


Just have it already. Let's--


I'm looking at it.


You have to tell me what's possible. I'm prone, right?


Louder!


(sings) A whole new world.


So I've got two more shots. I'm taking another shot with no advantage.


Okay, okay. I'm going to run to Percy. Do I need to-- ooh, am I allowed to ask him? I'm going to run to Percy.


Good job tonight, everybody. So, I just want to do one more shout-out to those t-shirts. Scroll down, buy some shirts. We have two weeks to sell 1,000 of them. This, to be totally honest, is to prove to the powers that be that Twitch is a viable resource for income (laughing weakly), woo!


Absolutely not. None of them are.


I was being generous.


I think we have two.


It does hurt people. You seem very angry at me right now.


Outside the mansion? You're out the mansion now?


They weren't trapping travelers of any kind, they were trapping the lycans.


It's another plane.


No, he has one.


Right in the blowhole.


He almost killed me and definitely killed our guide.


I don't think it's an appropriate moment to bring something like that up, but it's worth--


I'm still watching this front area.


Gauntlets?


Oh. That's fascinating.


I'm sorry, Grog. I gave you your deck of cards back! The skull was very dangerous, and at the time it seemed like the right thing to do. I'm sorry. I'm sorry! Look, we just went and got a bunch of beans for you.


And it gains the same number of hit points. Oh.


First one's a 19 and not a natural 20, but a 16.


Oh, yeah. That's fair, I did.


Well, I was just making sure you weren't going to run away, so I was preoccupied.


Who's voicing Gilmore?


They all hit. That's good. Four.


So that we can be townspeople.


(whispering) Yes!


(buzzing sound) My hand starts to glow with Eldritch Blast energy. I will fucking leave both of you here. We're either a team, or you're working for yourselves. Decide.


Ageist?


Who has it? I don't have the contract.


Can I go?


Trinket is pretty great.


No, I'm not talking Mending, I'm talking how big are the holes?


No, I've got a better idea.


Druhah.


Do you guys just like draw weird circles?


Why would you do it? It's such a beautiful vacation and you ruined it. You ruined all of our things.


I'll follow you. Anywhere. You know that.


Yeah, we're not good at anything. Let's stop pretending that we're good at anything.


I just want to know yours first all the time.


Oh my God, he is hanging on by a thread.


Are you wearing an earring, Percy?


Not even a little.


I'm going to feel his forehead. Does he feel warm?


All right, then instead I'm going to disengage, and I'm going to dart back between the Scanlans.


You can hold it out to him.


Oh, that's true. You're right.


You have advantage now.


Do we notice anything strange about the little necklaces that we're wearing now that we're in this place?


Oh, yeah! We know! That's the amount of times you have to push the button!


So that's seven.


One, so another five points. God fucking-- Thinking of my dad, after she just went "boop," something just popping the back of my head.


I have a healing potion if you want one, too.


And I take my Flaming Sphere, and I throw it right at the feet of where the guards are.


Okay. 16? No, sorry, 15?


Yeah, let's just each roll. We're just going down the list. Fucking fuck.


Yes. It's a fine garment woven by a master craftsman. I hear you have a fine hat, as well, that you've been seen wearing about town. Is that true?


Okay, I'm gonna go right up to where Grog is.


Long ones.


I'm walking into it.


Not ours.


You can have urban settings as your favored terrain.


It's a cannibal tree?


That can be done. We have other associates, upstairs. We didn't want to encroach too much on your space. We'd like time to confer with them over the night, perhaps meet again midday tomorrow. We should find a new spot, though. Repetition is a recipe for disaster.


Oh, goddamn it. Yeah, that hits.


I will draw my blade and scream and hit that thing with my sword. No, the guy! The guy, not the orb.


Are you doing this?


5d4?


Good, you're in.


We should have walked up and said, "We've come bearing gifts. Where is the captain?"


Could we have done that any closer to the razor's edge? I'm just saying.


Currently dead, but you weren't undead.


No. Welcome, new viewers. Every week-- or many weeks, I am charged with writing the ad for the sponsor of that week. I did this one way back in mid-December, so it'll feel a little stale. (laughter)


It used to be in San Francisco.


Two swings? Shit, okay.


The girls and the boys.


Oh, I'm taking a short rest.


Oh, I'm fine.


So it only--


Ooh. As an idea, sword in my hand, as we start to push in through that hole of the explosion, or peer in, can I lead with the sword and see if the light and/or eye is reacting in any sort of way? Or is it just static?


22. Does that hit?


Poopstones.


At least she had some good promise a long time ago.


Nice job, babe. A-one. Top shelf.


Deception?


Flaying?


Do you have a pair of jammies or something that you lost in the boat that you want us to look for? Your bedroom or something in there? No?


Have you literally never left a town without telling everybody because, you know, there's a possibility you're going to get conscripted to go fight a war?


Oh, nice. When we flew in?


But if he's a lying piece of shit, like I'm sure everyone else is, we're going to need someone on the outside--


Okay. Cool.


Oh you just elbowed me.


Do you think he'd mind if we-- I mean we have so much money, we don't even need to do that.


Sure. Okay. Can I get a sense on what the weather is going to be like for the next 24 hours?


How long does it take to take effect if we're all going to die?


Glad I got another pouch of this stuff, could come in handy.


Just deliver it to the PO Box, that's fine.


No, I'm brave and strong.


Much better. 11, and I'll use Fury of the Small to make it 16.


Make a ball-handling check.


Lucky for you.


That's investigation.


Me, too. I do not want to die who I am. I would like to live long enough to be someone else. I think you understand that.


That would be zero. (laughter)


Fucking Algar, man.


Thanks, Cordell! Thank you!


Keyleth?


My town here, it doesn't have very many high hills, but still, stay on the ground, will you?


Indeed. And we can be found at any hour. The Nestled Nook Inn is where we are.


Yeah, just to clear it out.


Thanks, Jester!


(sniffing SFX)


Oh, my-- (laughter)


Which ones? Which portions?


(whispers) Scanlan.


Double ones. (laughter)


I only get it once, I don't get the necrotic damage also on the second.


Okay, I have an idea. What if we tie a rope on something on this side and we all go out of the rope really fast and drop down?


Possible private escorts. Private escort, either north or--


Do you fellows think that it will explode, or something bad, when we open it?


I don't have it anymore. I lost it months and months ago. (All laugh.)


Oh, say-- hey, where are you? (laughter)


They are serving us free drinks, of course they're listening to everything we say. Let's retire for the evening.


I'm going to wake up, see my situation and go (gasps) and play dead.


Oh, the shark.


Oh yeah, did everyone pop their blessings?


I love gags!


This is why I never looked at you before!


He's down there babysitting our item?


(whispering) What do you hear?


Or shoving in somebody's bed.


"I'll be 20 minutes." The next day...


I've never seen a bowl like that. You couldn't get a lot of soup in a bowl like that big. I mean a big bowl.


Observe. Still try to avoid any of those scary creatures, but see if they avoid each other as we look at them.


Yep, pressure's on!


There's some Guinness in the fridge.


He reads lots of books, Caleb does. He's very smart. In fact, should we go looking for more right now?


I think Vax may have fallen overboard.


Oh, disadvantage. So eight.


I'm just running the hall.


It's okay, I'm more interested in gold anyway.


I feel like we got off on the wrong foot. I don't know if he has feet. (laughter)


Okay, all right. You know what? Be glad, RZA. Be glad.


Did we know what it was?


Hey, boo.


I say this with the utmost gravity. I have no interest in your sex life. Do you believe me? Insight check me.


I was only going to do that if you told me that I could move around him, now that I know that I can't--


First one's a 14, second one's a seven plus six, so sorry, 20 for the first one and 13 for the second.


(singing) I really wish I'd saved that action surge. [cheering]


Uh-huh. On this side of it.


Just some strips, you know. Just some strips on the white so it pops out.


You know what, I should probably find out! And I shoot the Oracle Arrow.


It's sea water.


I have some really dirty rags. Could I do a medicine check and try and stabilize her bleeding?


We know you're going to lie about it.


It's got Russian temperature, Swedish temperature, Finnish temperature--


What? Piranhas? I don't know if piranhas are in rocks, but there might be something else in there. There might be piranhas. Oh, I'll avoid it.


To mask you from scrying?


Plus half your barbarian level?


There is a magnet inside this die. I should be-- Just full disclosure. Okay, so natural 20.


Super cool.


Yeah. They see that crap all the time.


Sure, as long as you think it'll last there.


That is some North Star shit.


That dumb grin.


There's tunnels that don't have lava flowing into them.


All right. Let's just go all out, here. I'm going to cast--


No no no no. Be thorough. (all laugh)


Okay. And I'd like to use Whisper to tear into the tentacle holding him to try to get him free of it.


I bamf Trinket out but he's down by Grog.


You're a people person!


A lantern.


I don't think we would have gone right past the fishermen that would be able to identify us.


I think it's another stitch monster.


He might try to.


Yeah. Immediately poof.


Ooh, shnikies!


Well, we didn't kill him, but we definitely embarrassed him thoroughly, something that I find some men find worse than death.


Just so you know, I'm doing a set at the comedy store, and I need three friends to show up.


Then I take off in my bird form, admiring the arch-ipelago but I have an intelligence of eight and realize it's ark-ipelago.


I take the hooded lantern and I (laughs) I throw the fucking piss out of it.


We love you guys so much.


It's a shooting alley. It's fun, it's got some moving bits, but I'm sure you can understand exactly what it entails.


Freeze, baby. Just like in the 1970s television with Starsky & Hutch. When they say freeze, you don't do shit. You just sit there, and do nothing.


I'm going with you to the tunnel.


Do you have a picture of him? Do you have a drawing of him?


Everybody else got one. I've got a satchel. Just fucking name the group after me. We are out. Thank you!


Liam, it doesn't matter.


Nope. Bad idea.


(whispers) We shimmy.


The first one is eight and the second one is eight.


And Jarett, will you keep an eye on Gilmore for us?


Can't fly. So if I go into that portal I'm going to be in the same fucking situation, I'm assuming.


What were you thinking?


Can I sing to him through the earring? No, we talked about that before.


Okay. Fair.


Oh, that's a three.


Can I be entirely honest with you?


I hate it when I oversleep.


It was wine, I believe.


We need to talk to the Raven Queen.


Well, you with Haste would be horrifying.


All right, that'll be nice!


Isn't that loud?


How about a giant mace?


Okay. Then I will-- (laughs) Let's see here. Do we want to get him away from us, or do we want to hurt him? Let's do--


You were the one who wouldn't give me the other gun.


Oh, well I'm getting some treasure.


We didn't leave any sort of Ferris Bueller-y thing?


Oh, fuck yeah!


That's good news. Also good news is that some stuff is out of stock in the store, but all of it is going to the manufacturers right now, so things are getting made! So things'll be back in stock very soon.


No, it's /criticalrole. And it'll take you to crates.


We definitely do want to show you a good time about it.


Oh, yeah, I've got it. I utter the magic word "Penelope" and I throw it and each creature in the line, excluding me and the target, must make a DC 13 dexterity saving throw.


Just you, Laura Bailey?


Yeah, for a minute.


Yeah. I'll help. Are we moving forward or we're still--?


That is 11.


I've got to put this one away for a while.


They said, how have I been? But they don't really give a shit either way.


Well, no, I am just submerging my bits.


You ever think you could actually be doing damage, though? Setting people on false paths?


I was going to say, can you dissipate it?


You are a hoarder. You are many good things--


I'm going to use Luck!


Okay. And I make a Grasping Vine from that stalactite over there.


But under normal circumstances, because you look this way, but would everyone know you here?


Tell me what kind of leadership skills Lao Tsu wants to bestow upon you. If there's any good ones, pass them along.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on them before they leave. On all of us.


We'll keep it locked in my workshop for now. We can make it a night. And we will make sure that they know we have to deal with the house.


What's wrong with them running away from us?


Maybe, if we pass one.


But I thought that was only a limited-release item, Laura.


I'm cowering.


Yeah, dope!


I think we should let him go. I think he's handsome.


Oh, Freddie. Get excited. I found a spyglass covered in diarrhea. Would you like it?


Paper, shears or parchment, shears?


Jeepers.


Nope, that's a four.


Wait, she rolled.


Oh, yeah, if we do not kill who we're supposed to kill, or if it leads back to him, then I'm--


They've been working on this for a while now, is it possible to wiggle my way in and check out the mast now?


Have I got the first clue?


Can you also put my title on the inside?


You also traveled with a group of people.


Yeah. Do the football body slam.


So I knock that one off, and I'll try for Pike.


Thank you. Second question is  when we do return in an hour, where are we going to reappear?


Can you give me something to look for? To distract me and give me a mission to go on, please?


I'm falling, right?


I'm going to pull out my axe, the duplicate, and I'm going to act like she hits herself with it-- so stupid-- and go (dying noise) and falls into the water.


Ten plus 16, 23, (growling) 29, 36, 39, 41 for the first dagger.


I was in big trouble.


Dispel the stank.


Ocean next.


Or something large with many parts, but I could not tell too well.


That's the one I got. It's so pretty.


-- are they okay? I mean, did I check them out while I was--


Can you pick the lock?


So that is one plus eight is nine, plus the sneak attack is (counting) 32, plus the psychic damage is 33, so that hits her as I go by. I want to land right behind Keyleth.


Just delicious.


I don't think she makes any noise.


If she weren't controlling it, would there still be, even though it's dangerous, some air?


That's a lot of ink, man.


Rogues are the worst.


I go fly down there! Is she a body, at least?


No, like a good horror movie. Fakeouts.


Oh no, don't you make me attack my own bear. Oh no. 17?


You just got this!


[no audio] from the last fight. [no audio]


(whispering) Thanks, Max.


Right. Is there -


All right, yeah, let's go to court.


Port Damali.


Loaner! Loaner.


Yeah, yeah. So, overarching theme is, there was a lot of Zephra and chill. (laughter)


Looks like that's the way.


Yeah. How about you three, into Avantika's quarters and turn it upside down.


You know, there were several eyes in that ouroboros.


Open it up!


You got it right!


Better there's not at all.


That was a long walk.


I have a plan, though, Vex.


Look at this willing accomplice motherfucker!


What? Oh. Oh! Yes. Yes! Of course. I would be happy to take down her story. Yes, absolutely, if she'll share it with me.


And you heal that, as well.


Tea spit take!


Did you lose someone?


Like, they're bad words or something?


You're going through gold very quickly.


Day drinking! Yes!


Coming in.


Goodbye. After a bit, I head back.


Clerics don't lie.


So what happens? Are these all for sale then and--?


All the time, yes, Vax!


No, that's good, that's good, that's good.


I get advantage on my (mumbles)


No, I hear the commotion and come halfway over and nothing seems-- they're burning spiders.


It rocks back and forth. Okay.


He's only got enough for one.


Is it six or eight?


What's in it?!


Liam, tell us about the artist.


Oh, wow. Are there any fish-guy bones?


Are both cages open at this point, or just the one?


I think so too, but I don't remember his name.


I'm just going to walk up, not quite that close, but one step back.


It would probably take us a while to get up and out to a tree, right? I'm being a little selfish with my upper-level spells.


It is visible, so is there a closet in here or some sort of alcove?


No, no, I just have to warm up, ah, mimimimi, right, right, rrrr. Cor, all right then, I've been dead for about five, six years.


It's got to be Scanlan.


How about we get ready to leave? I'll get on the carpet.


Broad daylight, scaling a building.


Where's my persuasion? Where's persuasion?


It's sterile. By its very nature it's sterile.


Into her hands. Frumpkin starts to purr and nuzzle.


It could make theoretical sense if you're still undead Stonejaw, because, you know, decomposition I'm sure shrinks you a little bit.


Lead the way, shitkicker!


I did one time, yes.


Everyone, the Uber will be here in five minutes.


And this is Greg over here.


Bed crap? (laughter)


No one is safe.


So what now? Do you want to go back to Ank'Harel and keep criming?


That was a little show gift from Marisha, so this is Frumpkin.


Oh, Scalebearer Yonn, that's a fun name. (clears throat) As we travel through town, if you could point me to any place that would have a sigil of arcane-ness--


An ink cloud.


Maybe we can shut it down for good.


Do you want me to get the tape?


Penniless?


Oh, you're in here talking about what was there.


That's it?


I drop my earth elemental form.


So it could be metaphor.


Sounds fun!


Fjord, she has crazy eye.


There's nothing on it, nothing to do. I'm going to throw three daggers through the web. Is that the one-- so Percy's over there? I'm going to throw three daggers through the web over there.


You know where we're headed.


Yeah. A few months of studying, of a little bit of torture, a little bit of murdering dissidents and traitors and deviants.


And I've got one.


Yeah, I did too.


A tanner! Thank you!


Somebody's about to bust.


Astrid?


Before you hit the water?


They're looking at me?


This made everything worthwhile, right here.


What's going on at the bottom of his--


Plus seven, but wait! Don't I have something on dexterity saves where I can--


It's so great to see you, you look fantastic by the way.


Does it shit on your shoulder?


Oh, okay, Jesus! I'm just trying to help us find the fucking lodestones.


Oh yeah. Do we want to go and try to get some Taskers on our side? We have a healer now, but we still don't have--


We'll see, if he comes back.


-- for the vague hope of something useful.


Do you remember what Odell looked like?


This music is awful as you're checking.


I walk over to the wall and touch one of the other gems.


I want to find the candied apples.


Thed is dead, baby.


I slit his throat.


I thought you would like those. Was I right? I was right, wasn't I?


Oh, a 15.


Rissa? Sorry. Okay.


But you think they're a little bit hinky? That's a yes.


Oh god, me? I guess I'll poke around and just take a shot. I can't do anything else! I'll run in closer so I'm within 30 feet and then fire. I miss. Bonus action fire. 18.


Would it mean anything if we said that we come bearing gifts and that we are looking to see the Captain? I'll reach behind my hand and use Minor Illusion and create a little replica of the cat eye sphere and hold it out in front of him.


What's another dead pit fiend in hell?


He meditates.


You missed a lot, Scanlan.


Did we see a play yet?


I'm trying to honor the memory of Laura.


Stealthing as fuck.


I start grabbing bacon from the big piles.


Wait, I roll, too. I roll, too, because I was part of the lie.


No no no, no no no. That's being taken to be buried, let's just keep--


So here's the stone.


D&D Beyond everybody, they've been such great sponsors, putting up with my shenanigans for so long. So tonight I thought I would just do a simple, normal ad read for them. Just singing their praises of the service of the company, how they're making D&D fun and easy again. So I just wrote a little, quick little-- I left it at home on my printer.


There are four doors?


Wait untill I'm more rested and solid and sound mind before I can make any sort of arrangements or trades here. It would be unfair, given our current state of -- (all laugh)


Put. That. Shit. On. Your. Wall. Describe it!


You can't escape. It gets really weird now every time we turn on a game and we're like, and who is this this week?


So this is great. Tomorrow, you pop in, you summon, we all pop back into the mansion. We're hiding in the mansion while the fight's going on.


Ruzza, the sorcerer! Did the druid save?


Yeah, we should set the stage.


You don't have to eat anything else if you don't want to.


(singing) Can you answer the call? Diggin' deep in your soul as the legend unfolds. Now it's your turn to roll! [fire burning]


Isn't it hilarious that we all have work tomorrow?


That was entirely worth the amount of data it took up on my phone.


I'm going to click my Boots of Haste. Can I use a bonus action to hide and then hold? Any stuff?


You flirted with grass better!


Oh, he went away! Aw, this is just not--


Yeah, yeah, but you don't have to make a big thing of it, all right? There could be people here who don't know.


But they were well-paid before they went, and I'm sure they sent some of the money home. Some of them, I think they do that, typically.


I didn't abuse him. Everyone else abused him. I was very kind to you.


That's a short rest.


No, that's gone. (group laughs)


What I am suggesting is a compromise. Not leaving immediately, but soon.


I think she understood she had to give a life for it.


We should probably call everyone in the town to talk.


Okay. Then I'm going to do my damage on him, which is new to me. That's terrible. That's 11 points of damage, plus two points of psychic damage.


You, as well.


I write, "On behalf of HR-- "


Yeah, does it have a scabbard?


What? I thought the roof was only like 45 feet up, 50 feet up!


Where I can also not look at Scanlan's penis.


If there's one thing I understand, it's giving your life to a cause.


You found us again. This is the sixth time. You just know where we are.


Let me look-- (laughter)


Same thing. 15 points of damage plus one psychic, so 16.


I will promise that I will play at least one April Fools' joke on one of you, during that panel.


Offer her shiny things.


Advantage against saves. Since we have that, can we use our fey ancestry, the three of us, to tap into her and see if we can detect a charm?


I don't know, I don't know!


You know what? Let's not even worry about that coin there. I mean the diamond. I feel like, maybe--


Ed Harris in The Abyss. You've never given up a day in your life, you bitch.


I forgot to ask. Before we do anything else, Lorenzo's glaive, his weapon, did we get that?


How much ground did we cover, I don't know?


We do, we have a keep! We have a beautiful keep, with furniture, and servants.


Hugs.


Okay. (singing) Don't fuck me, Gil. Fuck me. Almost every time. Nine!


Sharpshooter?


Most humble greetings, good master.


Okay, I'll use a spell, then. I'll take a little bit of-- I think it's a cloth, fleece-- as Caleb taught me, and I'll create a Silent Image down the hall. Can I peek out the door a little bit?


Tiberius put it somewhere, and it never came back.


Do you want to talk about it?


We could stealth through it, we could invisible through it.


A feather from Nila, forever ago.


I've never been by.


Let's back it up. What are you thinking? Where's your head at? How can we help you?


A quick question before I open this door. Am I going to have a violent reaction towards you when I open it?


If they hit me, I'm back to being in regular form again, and there's three of them, so I'm going to disengage--


For you all, yes.


I know you.


And it shatters.


Who's really drunk, though? Is there someone real drunk?


Can you wear it?


Well, we just heard that, he might--


You believe what you believe. I'm just saying, when it comes to things, sometimes you really rush into stuff, and stop. Because you could just be chill sometimes. (laughter)


I start pretending to cry.


Yee-haw.


Sorry Jester.


70 points.


And how far away am I from him?


Shit, man, what a map! I'm so excited! Like a pair of crater breasts coming out of the ground.


I heard this braying. I thought it was a goat, actually.


No, that's what he just said, there's no water.


Oh boy. Buttoning up my fly. Final signature? I'll just sign my name.


Yeah, I'll just knock the house down from the outside.


I could, if you told me the details. You know what, I do forget a lot. Maybe you could just write them down quietly to yourself and just give me a note later.


What am I doing? I'm going to see if this is the troll's place.


Yes, tell Wizards of the Coast. Tell them we sent you.


Now damn plane spiders?


All you need to know is the people from Xhorhas are dead now. Do you know people from Xhorhas?


Oh. I'm sorry. I think.


Yeah, we can wrap him up in a cloak and carry him out like we're carrying some equipment.


That's real close.


I'm not that heavy.


Bryce Fayled? Fell-lid? Fee-lid?


Fuck it. Taking a shot. At least taking one shot to see what happens. Ooh yeah. Natural 20.


Cap Damon.


Oh, boy! I hate water. I'm going to swim away, as fast as I can. I still have to disengage, right?


I'm going to try and circle around a little bit to space everybody out a bit.


Well, let's get in there.


It smells really nice! Everybody really likes this smell!


Syngorn and Whitestone, I would assume.


Roll like you're Percy!


I'm going to crawl over there and hide.


Is that a one?!


(laughing) "Holy shit, it's delicious." (laughter)


I'm going to take a quick reload, and I'm going to fire again, with Sharpshooter, and I'm going to do a head shot.


Thanks, Joe Madureira, for the art!


Come on, let's do this.


Why is it so familiar?! (whispering) Widow's Embrace, Widow's Embrace, Widow's Embrace.


He's outside!


Grog showing restraint and caution!


On your way to the back, could you tell the Many we'd like to speak to them?


Jester, help.


Yeah, that, too.


So not a ball of fiery death.


Wait, I'm coughing tonight a lot, so if I do, everybody just stop and stare at me. So if I get up and leave, that's what happened. I don't want to have a coughing fit on screen.


No, no, we don't have Whisper.


And you're also freed from any curse, disease, or blindness that you have, just FYI.


Let's go to the vault! Let's go upstairs.


Let's also talk about the fact that it's been years since we've been this close to a map.


The grapple was off.


Can it see inside our keep? Can it channel some beast?


That really sucks.


That's still in the direction of the orb?


Those look like umber hulks.


I'm at nine.


That's the spell attack bonus thing? Okay. 19.


His weapon is grappled right now, so I don't know if you'd have advantage on trying to disarm him.


I don't want to waste a spell this time.


-- just unconscious.


Stab it into the ground.


On a tree.


I'm very low, hit point-wise. I'm at 12 out of 31.


Has he always been dead? Is this a recent thing? Where are you?


(laughs) 2 pm.


Do it on the break.


I go  Nila, now!


I can't make do.


The quinoa?


I think you said last campaign that you can hold the air for one spell, possibly.


Wait, what's that name?


Well you're still adorable little-- don't poke him.


Hey, she didn't do it again! Yahtzee. One point of necrotic, 26, plus ten is 36.


Maryanne. That's creative. Okay. All right.


No, forget them! Fix us! Forget them, they're nothing. Fix us.


Do you know his name?


That's still reliance.


"Pay attention, yo."


The best brewery?


And it looks like he's above stone?


Then I am going to burn my 9th-level Shapechange.


That means we're close enough. Brother!


You are much more powerful than I am, Percy.


I'll let you open that--


Do you want to go?


Okay. Deal.


Do you promise?


I'm following my sister in, doing the buddy cop thing.


Wisdom 16.


And Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt.


I think we'll go at a regular pace until we get to the Bromkiln Byway. At the Amber Road, we should be all right.


I'm going to let you know we should keep an eye on him, just in case.


I don't think we should land on the ground, we should just stay above.


So this is essentially our jury? Judge? Judgment party?


Interdimensional chess with the Steve Jobs of D&D.


Nott and Brave Law Firm.


Try one more time.


I'm going to shoot him right through the heart with lightning.


No, he's okay.


We're going to drop so fast.


I went fishing for that one, that was nice.


Do we all need to leave?


And that is my very best friend.


She's free of the grapple and she's going to turn and say: Not me, them! And not attack. Or run.


You can fly as much as you want, all day.


I pull Nott over. Do you know what W.C. means in Zemnian?


I've rushed to Trinket's side, too, from where I'm at.


Saving throw? (Panicked breathing) I'm good at this.


I'll go see you again tomorrow. I come back. Hey, okay, do you want to check this out now?


As he does that I toss out three cards.


No, I dropped the body. While she was talking, I took the body, and I drug it back, and I buried my shame. (all laugh)


That's everything I can do.


Was he under water, or was the water--


But I will-- Yeah.


No, not necessarily.


I'll be showing Beau the ropes, first-manning the ship.


I think the best course of action is to trust people.


Our quarry, does he have two eyes?


He got bigger?


I want to get one of those fancy drinks for myself and see what it is.


Wow. That's amazing!


You know, yeah.


Good morning!


It took me 12 minutes to climb 25 feet?


Shit, I don't remember. This was what I rolled, right? Okay, not good. Ten.


Oh yeah, kind of. This was me at the live show.


(coughs) Mm, 11.


Well, the bottom line is I couldn't walk away if I wanted to, because I know that I would lose my sister. But I don't want to anymore. We've all been close to death, all of us, and now I'm just a little bit closer. It took me a bit, but maybe we're not meant to be happy. I don't know.


I do! I really want to see the bumper sticker.


"(singing) Oh, don't hit me!" I cast a little count, cutting-- what is it?


Can I turn to the side and go, how was that?


Ow, fuck!


Yeah, that we needed to-- we all need to take care of that.


I have, for two minutes, been thinking  If only I had the Mending spell.


Take the inspiration back.


There's smoke between them.


We have things to put down.


Well, you cleaned it, and that's nice.


Are there any leaves on the Sun Tree yet?


Vecna. The female wizardess.


So, I'm an eagle.


Do you it's only Uriel, or do you think it's the rest of the council as well?


If you can do it to everybody, why not?


Yeah, totally, but the blades are bended, but they're all connected in the center. You could use an iron, or a steel ingot to connect the--


With you, absolutely.


I take one of her darker overcoats.


I'm drinking.


I feel like there's this trend of us feeling shitty after we come out of a fight.


Brunch?


That's what we're here for.


Oh does it? Wait I added that wrong; hold on. (stuttering) I'm pretty sure I added that wrong.


I don't bow. I'm still at her side.


He's been sealed away.


I assume dodge.


Well, the butcher got severely cleaned out.


It's 18.


Is that including the--


Oh, Jesus. (laughter)


That was one of them.


Here. Will you also engrave it with, "Love you so much"?


Larkin's turn.


What if we hit it with Dispel Magic, maybe get your goddess's aid-- hit it with Dispel Magic, hit it with corruption, rust the shit, and then it falls!


Am I able to tell if that is correct?


Minty people. (background music)


And we come back here.


I will move to the left, my left, near that pillar thing, yeah, and bonus action hide behind it.


And I can't disarm him; he's a giant. And 20 for the second one.


Jester's regret.


Grog, do you want the other greater? Yeah, take the other greater. And then I have one superior. How many hit points does a superior heal?


Little rat balloons, and one of them exploding with poison coming out of it.


The rug?


I'm sure it's the city, right?


Is this at disadvantage?


Nothing. You didn't hear me.


Could you have it as a backup weapon or something?


I have no idea. Maybe on the way out we can see if it's uncovered any more.


I click my boots, and I-- Shit, where is everybody?


You've said that like 17 times.


152 hit points.


Adjust your minds. I begin to weave one hand in a slow circle around the other, and a globe of golden light poofs out.


(laughing) That was the lamest slogan ever.


(gasping) I'll kill you all! I'll kill every motherfucking one!


Second attack? Okay.


(fart noise) I'm here!


So I'll be eels with a swim speed of 40 feet? So we can slip out?


Are the stores open at the moment?


I could go get it now! It's fine. I'm here now.


It's morning somewhere.


So those two are incapacitated in this second, right?


Oh, man. Yay, thank you!


So we know how to fight the tree. Okay.


Stay away from the walls.


I walk very slowly out of the room and keep looking over my shoulder as I'm doing it and smiling back at her.


So, situated, I'm just going to try and clear the gun and see if it's an easy fix.


You can scry on people. Can you scry on things?


Underground?


His name is Jonathon.


Shit! (laughs)


So we got Abyssal, Abyssal, Dwarven in the middle and--


Wait, so if I was petting Frumpkin when you were doing that, would he slowly lose his fur and grow tentacles, or would it be a poof?


Well, I'm not going to leave her.


That’s okay.


You knew my mother?


For once, you're not the one doing damage to the bear.


Really cool.


Do you know how to get out of here?


Well, I can hit for sure, but--


Anything else we can accomplish here?


I knew that he woke up and that he did not know who he was, but this was the first time that this has happened. Where someone has come to us and recognized him from his past.


Yeah, it worked, it's good, but they sting a little bit.


I'm unconscious. Trinket--


Are at disadvantage again, right?


If we get the gold first.


Jesus Christ. This just got really--


And as Keyleth helps me away, I say to Kord, it was an honor, thank you.


Oh, I'm still invisible as I'm falling.


Oh, are we good? Okay.


Thank you, Fjord, for saving my life.


A super history check.


You always want to stick together. You never want to split the party.


You're looking fine?


Just the feather end. (laughter)


Oh, I know. I know you had nothing to do with this. He's useless. You're not, so I'm going to make you help on his behalf.


As that happens, I cast Light and I cast Prestidigitation.


That's up to Grog!


They're not right next to each other. I pictured a lover's embrace.


They're an object.


OhGreatLampShade.


Yes. That she is.


You should get that tattooed in permanently.


Is Jamedi up there?


Well, we've got a robot to reconstruct.


A circus side-show thing?


How good do you feel about a natural 20?


Stubby! Let's go to bed.


Does this feel like it might be Delilah's room? Her chamber?


Get him!


Is that a disadvantage because it only has three wheels?


No! Where am I going to get dogs from?


(laughs) No motherfucker, miss.


I know, I was just doing it to fuck with them.


I've got more. I've got three more. I keep killing things. That's 17 to hit?


Yeah, we're walking and talking. And you're changed into a gnome.


Consider me interested.


It's a fancy hotel place.


My magic, man.


So that'll break the spell.


24. Wait, don't high-five shit yet! Why are you high-fiving? What the fuck? What's wrong with you people? Jesus!


Little rusty after three weeks, folks.


And the green one kept going?


Like rooftops and shit.


You're sure we shouldn't let Fjord know? Or we should just handle it?


You know how under pressure, you can discover hidden talent? Maybe if you do this, you'll be like: Oh, I never knew this fishman side of me!


Seven plus four is 11 for Scanlan.


Where's the fireplace? Is it straight across?


You've served us well.


That's doable, I believe.


Make it look cooler on him, because he made it look dorky.


Yeah. Am I close enough to the point where I-- I'm still pretty far from the manticore, aren't I?


And then the episode of TableTop that I did just dropped today, as well.


Oh man. That's a one. Thanks, Gil. I blame Gil for his natural 20 in the balance of the universe.


Word of mouth. It's a small city.


Will somebody save Trinket?


Oh, gross!


Good idea!


(whistle) Over here. Eyes up. How big are those--?


Okay, so. I haven't played a character this high-level in this system, so bear with me while I walk through this. I believe that I can attack three times in a round, right? I have the extra attack feature?


We could take apart Trinket. That's your bear, right?


My turn? I'm just going to repeat what I did before. Attack--


Again, can we read anything that's written on it?


That's great. How many years have you had this store?


Focus on one target at a time.


Step of the wind gives me, like, double jump distance, or triple jump--dump jist--


Yeah, my stein. And then I'm going to walk down and see if I can stealthily eavesdrop on some conversations.


Jester, it's your money.


Sorry, out of character. Excuse me.


I'm Pirate Sapphire.


Whoa. That's still out of range of hand crossbow.


Why are they dad hats?


(French accent) 10,000!


I want to catch it.


I can't be on a horse. Just me. I'm too heavy.


Yeah, you want to be in the middle.


Great. That's the third one, then?


Is he on speakerphone?


Oh, man. I thought that was going to be good. Me and Trinket kind of suck. What is that, strength?


Two against-- I want to do Bramble Shot as my first attack.


I'm a real fan of this one.


You have no idea it was me.


Clarota, I'm sure we've asked this before and I wasn't here because I missed a part of a thing? What about your hat? What does it do? Can you make more of them?


What number is that? I have a number in that, let's see what it does. That's a 22.


Oh, no, please.


Was she directing that towards Avantika?


No. Sorry. I saw the hesitation and it was cute. Keep going.


While Jester is writing, I would like to flip this office for anything of value.


Oh, we're going to use the little thingy?


Some people?


I focus on the golem.


It's on this wand, yes!


Okay, I'm just going to do my same dog and pony show trick, I'm going to go to the corner, I should be able to see two or three gnolls, I think, over there, yeah?


Don't wake up Kiri, though. She deserves a really nice night's sleep.


Three hit points, guys. I've got three hit points.


Should we call the gnomes back?


I'm going to get my crossbow ready to fire.


Oh yeah, we should flash up the Loot Crate link and we'll be tweeting that out later.


He seems pretty okay, I guess.


Never use reckless strike again.


Okay. Well, then. I can move also, can't I?


Hold on, let me consult Blackstone.


Oh, there it is.


Well, chat, I looked it up, and I don't think I have advantage.


Hey! I was just about to go to bed!


Someone needs a Juggernaut helmet.


We have 25 waiting for us in Kraghammer.


All right, and this Wand of Fireballs? I feel like Scanlan needs it more than anyone else.


Let's just all be ginger. (louder) Hello? Victor, are you home? It's Percy.


Using Luck.


Because it can go over top of guys. So starting 50 feet going around this way.


Ten hit points.


I'm sorry. The toad.


Do you have a mini for the dark specter of my soul? I love you! I love you so much!


I'm going to take three attacks. I do not have advantage, obviously.


Well, listen, when we see these things without an owner around, we take them out, I'm sorry, it's pretty standard.


Who did this? What was it?


How do you like the new layout of the D&D Beyond app? I don't think you've used it yet.


I mean, as soon as Pike sees him flex, she's got her hands--


We're gonna Hobbit this shit.


Our group text message thread is insane.


That's a conversation for another day. Let's go.


Okay! Sorry. (laughter)


Your clanging armor didn't do nothing!


I imagine it depends on how scouting goes.


I know, I can feel the disappointment--


I want to a take a look at that and see if it looks like a trap, and I don't understand magic, but if it is similar to any trigger mechanisms that I've seen.


You know what Avantika talked about, you know what she wanted. You think this has nothing to do with that?


We should follow those.


I shoot my grapple thing and go up out of the ceiling.


Okay, so I had him flanked with Grog, right, because he was right between the two of us? So down to regular attack.


Cruise ship goth club.


We still haven't knocked on the door, correct?


He's actually not The Gentleman. We met a guy who goes by the name "Gentleman."


Where are we popping into?


d20.


Tary! I want to apologize right now. Because in this moment, I am a damsel and I am in distress! (all laugh)


Well, I thought Trinket would be able to help you, but you're not doing anything.


Okay, so I get a second attack?


Do the animals seem like they're cool with this too? I was talking to the animals


Burnt fur.


Aman.


Can I make-- is she prone?


I have a climbing kit! (all laugh)


I play Barry Allen.


They don't know where you're pointing.


I may have taken the money that was on him.


I use fortunes to tell people what I see in them. But sometimes, sometimes, I feel like maybe there's something that tickles the back of my head, I will admit.


I really am? Oh my. Okay.


To hide his shame. Do I add the d4 to this, if I so am inclined?


See, that's Taliesin's secret, he's always angry.


Sorry, friends!


Yeah, I think so too.


I mean, like Pike has always said, I don't have all the answers at all.


No, that's damage!


I think probably at least a damp towel?


What did it need? What would have made it time?


I know. Drop the Blindness.


The Menagerie Coast. Where Jester and I are from.


Berleben. Hupperdook is over here--


Right? Doesn't that sound amazing?


No, he's behind her.


Wait 6d8, yeah okay.


Or eating souls.


She can do it again tomorrow.


Bless is concentration. So, I'm casting Bless on myself, on Caleb, and on Fjord.


Let's spread word. We can spread word. Let's find a few--


We have more pressing concerns.


Was I at that one?


I made it. You're telling me there's a chance.


We should probably drop our forms.


For a day?


You were a bootmaker, that's very true.


Would you consider us guardians of this city?


I want to see it.


Oh? I do?!


As always, I will do my best.


We could've smushed those and gotten so drunk.


He was smaller then, too, right?


We could do shots. I'm just kidding.


Oh, but that--


Thank you, Kiki. Thank you. Oh my god.


Do we get an attack of opportunity?


It's going to be plus one. I already did that. It's going to be a 24 on that, to hit.


I like that just takes responsibility for everything that happened down there.


I'm ready!


My 6th-level spell.


Tickle, tickle, tickle.


Sorry, we get carried away.


Guys, don't forget to subscribe to Geek and Sundry.


Sorry, Matt.


How could you?


The war chief, let's try the war chief.


I'm pretty sure we have access to that.


People made fun of Thor walking across that rainbow bridge.


Wait, should I heal you, Percy?


Will you trust the folk in Emon to handle your business or will you go between?


Is there a bubble at the top, maybe?


We can sightsee.


No, no, I think we should save it.


(laughs) What is it? What do you have?


-- and who has better intentions right now?


Okay, Okay. Stone Shape's permanent, so I could Stone Shape a little cubby and put a little symbol over it so we know--


You're stealthy as fuck. We can get there, get close enough, get above it, and then--


Okay, I don't know how to do this. Hold on, is this a ten? No, that's a ten, this is an eight. Seven.


I noticed--


I walk out the door.


I'm going to trail sheepishly behind Keyleth.


I can try to assume the form of one of the lizard people in case they make eyes on us.


And what would have been your plan had I not arrived today?


Something funky in here.


Percy will tell you where he is.


Okay, does this curve look like we're still heading the right way?


Can I try to cast Locate Object on the pants he was wearing?


It's in my space. Okay. I'm going to draw my sword, I'm going to try to do a back and forth. Let's see how this goes.


We've talked to Toya. She knows it's you who did this!


Bullshit damage. Six.


I am going to sleep, there's nothing that can be solved right now that cannot be solved over coffee and bacon.


You seem much more powerful than Doty ever will be.


I might add, you do-- Part of taking a crest is that you actually do get to build something of your own.


I'm going to hope that I'm going out of his range.


I didn’t know.


Or other things.


I know from my experience going to the pubs with Grog--


I didn't know any of this. How would I? And now I have to fix it for you by marrying some girl?


Charisma!


I think so. I think I'd be able to-- with my bear smell, I think I could find my way back at least to where my friends were. Yeah, I can't leave them in there: if they're still in there, I have no idea, but I came here to help my friend, he made a contract with a devil, and we came here to try and get him out of it.


They're going to be melted.


Oh, sorry, so. 32. Thank you.


We're fine.


Sam Riegel!


Oh, you guys are still on your watch.


You grew up here?


Yeah. Good job, good job. Good work.


Hey, you're not supposed to drink that stuff. It's for rinsing.


You're a golden god!


I have a confession. I don't know what astute means; I heard one of the crew use it, so I'm hoping it means a good thing.


Unless I can get you there, and then you can walk back. Fly there, walk back. Or you can--


Well, I can wear my mask, and I got these lovely gloves.


Up to one hour.


Yeah. Good boy.


That's right I did write down Herma and Jules, Petrov.


Oh wait, no, not that one. I'm so sorry. Not that one. That one doesn't have the d4.


We were protecting it for you.


Sit up with me for a little bit. We'll take the first shift.


Awful people. That's a 14.


Muscle is obviously everywhere.


She can't see me either?


Oh, Grog's got a burnt face.


This is good we're doing here. This is great good. And it's not about idolizing ourselves; it's about a very long story, which we are, even you, a tiny part of.


Oh, check it out! You can see my veins go (jingling).


I don't sense any undead with my primal awareness do I?


That makes it even worse.


I can scry on Lady Briarwood.


As that's happening, we all start a chant.


Panthers have, like, advantage on stealth, something like that?


Love it. That is 24? Yeah.


This is great.


I just broke my glass by biting into it.


They'll never find us. We have the Dust of Tracelessness.


I'm just happy with my company.


I guess I will--


Okay, everyone hold on tight.


Liam, you're up. I mean, (clears throat) Vax.


Not our mark.


I remember.


Don't choke.


I don't want to do it! I just want to be mad for a while, I guess, but... I don't know. I guess just seeing him again. Slowly but surely, I'm not as mad, but--


Oh for fuck's sake.


That's gonna be 13 points of piercing damage.


I think it was fun! Honestly, I think it was terrible but it was cool.


I'm not feeling great, but if you--


All right. Well, I earlier rolled a 32 on stealth, but I don't know if that means shit right now, but I'm clicking my Boots of Haste and moving along the wall.


That's true. It all balances out. You've done really good things, too.


That's not a lot


It is the best day! So much is going on. My nephew is here, so many things are happening behind the scenes. It is the best day!


This may be the end of the cat.


It's a lot of weight.


So 24.


I've got an idea.


Destroyer of Worlds?


Oh, she's coming with us.


But you're under contract, for 15 gold a week.


If 25 opens the door, then it's opened.


So we're all comfortable.


Big money. Come on, baby. That's a six.


Maybe two years ago.


But she doesn't have to.


I'm going to burn my 8th-level spell on Move Earth. I still have a 9th, and then this is reaching the end of my shit.


Are they deep, heavy dwarf footprints?


Well, this is never going to get irritating. Let's get on our way.


That's okay, do one for me.


I'm telling him  You heard this fiend pledge to murder the Sultan. It's a Sultan, right? You heard this fiend pledge to murder the Sultan and you, joined with us, defeated him. You are brave. You are strong. You should tell everyone this.


11.


I'm going to use Luck.


I could have done Cutting Words after I cast my spell, but I didn't, so forget it. Shit.


Well, this leaves me with a bit of a conundrum. Traditionally, when people come either asking to see my designs or if we come across people who have been attempting to replicate them, we just simply have them executed on sight. Traditionally.


I just want to go down there and hug him!


Oh, it's amazing!


Here's a question. I'm sorry. How wide apart-- is it bars, the fence? What kind of fence do we have?


So that was from Sedona who is known as @anodesu on Twitter. She's done a ton of great art for this show. She's one of my favorites; she's a buddy now.


It does. It helps a lot.


I look under the bed.


Scanlan, get their attention.


But then we lost it, but then we got it back.


No, that's different. Those are letters we were leaving here.


No! Put her down!


Wait, plus 25?


-- and caress it a little.


Dick!


That was cocked, unfortunately. That was a good one. Oh, well. 16?


Yasha, chuck that shit on the side of the wall, will you?


Okay, this is good.


I am going to begin to take the minute to cast Leomund's Tiny Hut in the center of the room.


But hey, we're not, so we need to get some sleep, right?


All right. Is that my turn?


No, Caleb!


Oh, disadvantage. 27.


Yeah, something a little bit more stealthy.


Wait, he used to be elven? He used to be elven.


By the skin of our teeth, Scanlan. By the skin of its gut.


It was rather restful.


Is the door open? Can we go out of here?


Man-spreading.


Kima, if it would help, I can erase your memory of this whole thing--


And, I'm sorry, are we also taking the bouncer into our little coven of weirdos. Is that a thing that's happening?


What, what, in the butt.


I take a big gulp. All the gulps.


We're probably going to take another short rest, right?


The one with the nice hair?


(laughs) This is the most torturous thing ever.


Any objections to me trying to chop this door down? Is it made of wood? I should ask first.


Please, yes.


Well, before we met up with you two, we fought off a wicked, sick water snake.


I'm going to go file this and I'll meet you in a moment.


Shit! This again!


Oh good. That's good. I just-- Damn, that was impressive. Yeah.


Oh, okay. Is Beacon of Hope-- oh, it's third level. Shit balls.


Will o' the wisp!


Okay. I'm going to cast Control Water. I'm going to assume that there's water, it's 300 feet, I got the range and I'm going to take the brain where it's already kind of sliced down the middle where Vex has already made progress, I'm going to take it and I'm just going to rip it apart.


I see him, and I say  hi. And I rage.


You got a problem with--


I've already gotten a smaller beholder. Someday I'd like to see a dragon, maybe have a crack at it or two.


Oh, that's pretty good.


(hisses in pain)


More expensive things tend to be up, but I'm happy to start with down.


Oh, that's fine. They're probably fake, then.


He escaped. He'd been trapped in the fire plane, and--


We've talked about this. It's all right.


Oh yeah, is Kima here?


Yeah, Summer Dance!


Is that at the water park?


Hey Rissa, come here for a second!


Let's put it in the thing!


Is that enough horses? Should we be getting two more to pull us faster?


Swing on it, man. Swing on it. (laughter)


How close are we to the Xhorhasian border?


Five plus eight is...


"It was great, you should rely on me more!"


I have had a jackrabbit knee under the table for ten minutes.


It's a bit warmer.


No, no, no, no, no, yes. We're doing that, but we're leaving in the morning.


No, they took it and ran, it was part of the penance. We fought bravely. It's buck naked from here on out.


Ducks, do you know if that group over there, have they been happy? Have they been happy?


(whispering) I'm sorry.


I'll set up a little expedition and I'll send people out, knowing that a lot of these folks that are here are going to head out. They're going to need resources, and based on what they've said, my team can go out and get some of this treasure?


You can't kill Kynan.


Fresh off the east coast!


And shortly, it will be my time to die.


No, that looks terrible. That looks terrible! Don't do that. Don't do that! That looks really bad.


I grab the thing that was making the smoke and bring it.


Stare at it. Look into its eyes.


What, this one?


Hey, Scanlan Two. Are you just as charismatic as Scanlan One?


Kind of appropriate?


Did you just--


Yeah, let's try the other one!


Is she always like this?


All right, what was the other game? Forget this.


No, but I'm protected from the flayer.


I knew that's what you were going to say. So all my friends are still grappled.


Disc.


Oh, yeah. He was. I bet if we call the werewolves, he will show up, as well. I'll just howl for them real quick.


All right. Oh, sorry. Sorry, I heard a noise in here. I work for the city. I apologize. That was really stupid. As you were. I walk out.


It's a plus one, because it's a needle arrow.


How tall is the grass around here?


Breeding hostility between the two is something that could take weeks, which we don't have.


Don't fuck me, Gil. 16.


Well, maybe the miracle thing is just the change in weather, and we'll be okay. (laughter)


Jester's carving something into the bow of the boat and we don't know what. She's got the axe and she's moving it in a direction without looking.


Nah. I don't want to waste the time.


Do we have any alore root? (laughter)


Maybe run a line. Have the rope in case.


I try and push it.


Well, let's try it, I guess.


He is the source of a lot of phantom liquids.


I will take that bet. I'll bet against her.


Tiger man?


Maybe some bone knuckles? I hear those are pretty badass.


And then I'll inspire Percy. (sings) All the single Percys, all the single Percys.


Is it charming us?


Right next to Tary.


It's pronounced "jift."


This may be a very stupid decision of mine.


That sounds terrible. How long does it take for it to get here?


If we want to leave, we are not going to walk away; we're going to sneak away. She's not going to let go of you. You are a key that she needs. She said herself that greater things come when the serpent is released. The giant, god-like serpent. I would ask you-- we're all here. We like you, and if you are being completely forthright with us, we're good, but if we get the slightest whiff that you are after what this woman is after-- Well, I can't speak for them; I'm not interested in being here anymore.


I'm sorry, where did that cow come from? I call one of the servants over to me. Can you get anything? Could you get me a small squid?


Don't worry, Pike can... oh.


And what about the citizens?


(stuttering) Yeah, I'm going to go for it. I'm going for it. I will-- (noises of distress). Oh god, okay. Yep, yep, yep. I will keep Avantika's hand and walk around the desk, and I will try the old lean-in and see what the reaction is.


And really interesting fanart.


The gold armor imps.


Two gold? Jesus!


Aware of the gesture. I cry.


My terrible map of what I think based on what he drew.


They'll be able to tell, unless we do Jester's hint, where we Mend a few pages and get rid of some ink.


They don't take prisoners.


We're under the light of the moons, correct?


When you were in this house, as a mouse, there was no way down there. It was a solid trap door. You don't know what was under it?


I know, but how will we get in?


Listen, I'm a cleric. It's nothing I haven't seen before.


(dramatic yelling) I'm a monk!


It was pretty unremarkable last time we were there if it's the one I'm thinking of.


I think we're probably fine.


Chaos. Introducing chaos.


Fuck the normies.


I'll turn around and fire my crossbow at the thing.


Where? What?


2d12.


Green light's never good.


It takes a minute to do.


Not colorful mushrooms, just brown and gray and white? Maybe some black ones.


Or we go, "Oh, well good, then actually we do have it, you can do that."


I think this was blasted down.


Yeah. You got a bunch of things, but these are the ones we're passing to you on the show.


Do you have any ideas, real quick. Or were you hearing anything we were saying? Kima? I just mean there's a lot of ideas thrown out, but do you have any idea, specifically?


Well, it's half and half. 20 wide, six high.


This is a sacrifice.


What would not be an insult--


Kash walks over to also pee and looks down at Grog and goes, "Holy god." And just turns and walks. (laughter)


They're inevitable.


I pull out some of my food that I give to Trinket and try to feed it...


I'll take the rest.


It has to be a little hot.


Should I try to send my duplicate down?


That would have been an eight.


Well, that sounds nice.


Really? Just for sport?


How long was I out for, man?


(grunts) I want to hit it again!


We would have to ditch some.


Is it peaceful?


What did you do last night?


Twigs work great. Don't they? I like twigs.


From the bag?


I'm still stoked on our-- was it Umbrasyl? The frost dragon?


It's 120--


The attack on the tower.


Hm, my ears feel really hot this morning, I don't know why that is.


And my bonus.


I punched a snake to death.


Can I do a bonus action?


A vision of your death?


Do you roll a save against poison, or no?


More math.


It has to be a melee attack?


Oh yes, that would be better.


There's four of them on a bed.


With a 'B'? Like Bax?


I have two potions of greater healing.


You didn't go like--


Plane Shift and then long rest.


Do you know how to play this game?


Well, I moved to Trinket.


That sucks. Four damage.


I decided the first time and that's what it is, always.


Uh, what was that word?


d6. That's not bad at all. So we got ten, 16, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26.


Yeah, okay. (laughter)


I don't know how hungry he is.


Which is zero. (laughs) 15.


I mean, we all have personal issues.


I can meet her; I can see her.


She's so cool.


I like the idea that anywhere we go, we embarrass the one person that knows anybody else.


Yeah. That'd be interesting.


He's face down in the water.


You're doing very well. You're doing very well.


So it takes ten minutes to make the spell.


You'll be all right.


Get all your turns, all your everything? Two times whoever you make?


That's not on the way, then.


Leave no one alive! I'll fire. 27 to hit.


The town was pretty much empty.


I love you.


Let's go get drinks!


Well, I mean, that'd be great, if we could find that.


I just roundhouse him to the face.


We're going to kill your god. Wait.


Uk'otoa, Uk'otoa, Uk'otoa, huh!


Well, since it's in the same place, it's in the same cellar, I figure you guys can keep watch above while we're getting info down below. We don't all need to be down in the same place.


I'll invite you over to my house some time, give you a proper chicken dinner.


First blade goes, and I'm going to Smite him.


Icicles.


A couple hours at the local brothel and all should be fine.


Okay, yeah, cool, tight.


Okay. I have important work to do.


Fuck you, man. It's over there.


It's very unprotected.


Oh, he is taller. You're right.


Very powerful magic.


I got the cloak and I walk away from it and leave my sister to go sick on the rest of it.


All right. Mass Cure Wounds.


Do you know which one it is?


For my Hawaiian poke bowl mascot. (laughter)


Mama, tell him you're home.


I drop Grog's polymorph and my eagle form.


A lead box?


Out of curiosity, I'm going to carefully make my way towards the mouth of the cave and see if there's anything problematic out there. Perception check the whole way.


We're going to try to water-bong every combat scenario for the rest of the campaign.


Okay, and a bonus attack action. 16.


I know. It's just, what if it happens in both places at once?


It crawled down the wall.


Trinket starts chasing the imp around the room.


Could you spread the word that there's going to be a town meeting?


So I walk up to it, and then point-blank shoot-- not point-blank, but far enough away that--


He said very. (laughter)


It has to be within a thousand feet, and it only lasts for ten minutes.


Oh yeah, that's what I'm asking. I can do six people.


I feel like her and Molly always had a connection. She always knew how to find us because she knew how to find Molly.


I want to see what color you turned. Oh my god, yeah! (laughter)


Okay. Sure. Is that easy to do, find a seat?


I am excited. Was it literally cut in half, like literally?


And poison.


I have 20 caltrops. Can I throw ten of them in front of the door?


Ja, the plan will fuck up I'm sure, but we will scrap through, or die. Rather than choose who we're going to attack in the moment, I saw through my owl the half-orc with his hood down is a bald man. I would say let's look for that one first.


We could all be hoodie Twinkies.


You should have it, and just keep him on your shoulder all the time.


(sighs loudly) What a choice. I am going to-- fuck it, I'm gonna make an investigation check for Vax.


Is that all right?


To Fort Daxio?


Four of them is lightning.


But we will keep the door to our rooms, of course, in your abode.


She gets ready.


I've seen big lakes, but you can always see the other side.


She's got really good penmanship, so I don't think she's four like human four. Most four-year-olds can't write like that.


Barefoot ski.


Each one is unique to you guys, it's nuts.


So that was my action. I'm going to do that out of my staff as I slam it down. I'm going to look at Sprigg and say: gods damn it, Sprigg! And I'm going to use that as my Healing Word, and I'm going to cast Healing Word at second level. Which is 2d4. 11 points to you. And then I'm going to use my free action that I have to turn into a fire elemental.


Syngorn. Is Syngorn still in the Feywild?


Got it! Got it. We're good.


That's where we need to be tonight. Remember when we were in the branches?


It depends on if clerics have it.


Oh my god, look at how amazing that map is!


It's yours now. When you miss us-- I know you will-- give it a lick.


Strong choices, commit to them a hundred percent.


That Scanlan could've gotten.


That's good. And then, let's see, the bear is a still a problem, isn't he?


Who's the worst at drinking?


Can I cast Primeval Awareness and see if it's within six miles of us right now, still? Or if it's farther away from that.


But doesn't he go (whoosh) back to the pokeball?


Is there a way to pull him down?


I'm pretty shitty at stealth.


Can she give me advantage on that?


(fart noise)


But he drops his weapon.


I have gnome cunning. I have advantage on wisdom, intelligence, charisma saving throws.


Fire will do.


Aw, okay. Ooh, which one? All right. All right.


I missed you. Everybody.


Do you need any of his stomach bile to help you scry?


That's four, four, four, so plus yikes five is--


Maybe we wait until we see him so we don't get unwanted buyers.


I believe Anastasia could fly in and hide behind the stalagmite.


Can I look up?


Killer whale, man, killer whale.


Oh, I am the inventory person. Shit.


What could people do with the head of a creature like this?


Kord's strength to us all.


I'm going to keep coming in here.


Can I put a little black powder in the top of the dirt?


Remember, there were three different ways, though, and we took one.


All right. 21 points.


I do it all the time!


We don't even know what he does!


Okay, then do it.


She's going to step back towards the tree.


Yeah, you have an initiative number.


Yes, Uncanny Dodge.


We've got a day or two to spend on this, but not a week.


The map?


Like Arnold Schwarzenegger.


Lightning back?


I'm just going to spend all my time also trying to keep hiding it, keep reinforcing it. Once the mansion's available, I'm going to take water and slowly add layers.


Coming the same direction we came from, though. That seems odd. And a man, a dwarf, and a woman.


Yes and, we broke PayPal.


Oh wait, but we were holding hands at one point, so we would be close.


Oh, meat sounds great too.


In all the hubbub and the movement, a few moments before, I've been watching for Korren, and when I see him alone for a second, I make a beeline toward him.


Frost Wilfred Brimley


Guys, feel free to keep--


This guy's annoying.


And he said that guy hangs out at the dives.


Wow, that's terrible. Foxes can totally talk and cast spells, though, right?


Drink and a bathhouse?


Oh no. Caleb, no!


What god were they worshiping?


I don't have hardly any hit points!


Like what? Whisper?


You killed this one quite easily.


All of our money was stolen. All of their money was stolen. I was sober.


To be fair, it's been a long day. I'm still bleeding everywhere.


Nope. Make it rain.


Okay. Nott or Caleb can send you a message.


Okay. Do you have a coin?


14 for the second hit. That's a lame critical.


It's fine. I can go back and get that diamond now. I feel really bad right now!


Carpet!


That is a shame. A real shame.


I can't watch, I can't watch.


(sigh) Will you roll under 15 eventually? Okay.


There is no bonus to that. Well that’s-- how do you feel about that? Well, it fell so we’ll never know what it was. 17!


Is his mouth open?


Oh, yeah! I back the eff up. Actually, should-- yeah, yeah. I'm gonna back up. To there sounds good.


"New character, who dis?" Aw, that's great!


Oh shit! Oh shit!


(chuckles) So I get a plus two. I rolled a 20 initiative, then.


Which is ten of damage, and the last dagger is a one, so it just flies away.


Can I help with him with that? History or religion?


And by the way, I went to the front desk and I asked which room Mr. de Rolo was staying in, because I wanted to put some of his belongings there, and I hid the armor in Percy and Vex's room.


What do you got to roll, a 20? Percy, bless that shit.


All right, yeah, I'm keeping some boar meat.


I buy kerplash.


If you can get away from the city--


Have you seen him lately?


Help Yasha!


Pour out the three cups. You have to share, I apologize.


I don't exactly have your shoes anymore.


(panting in relief) 21!


Do I see any of those kind of tracks around?


I'm doing great.


Percy and Vax, ship it!


I'm going to kneel down and pray to the Dawnfather, since he was one of the ones that helped fight the Chained Oblivion, to see if he could guide us at all.


And I act like I have another, that I can attack him again. I say, "Stop!"


Something that burrows. I guess I technically could've taken a short rest, correct?


It's dark, too.


Octopus.


Do we know what else is around? What was the building again? With the--


Father Reynal? (louder) Father Reynal? Let's check one of the doors. We'll start on the door on the right.


Vax, I think you made the right call, and I don't think very often.


Humid.


I've seen sketches.


Hufflepuff!


I'm going to try to hit the one that's breathing on Grog.


I'm quietly thinking about Scanlan, watching this happen.


We're back because we're searching for a certain bow, Fenthras? Said to be within the Murk something?


Slash candlemaker.


In the shape that it's in, this print. Are their toes pointing in a specific direction?


Um, Pike.


You have faith, so you should have faith.


All right, that seems right. What are we going to do to it?


You just spiked their drinks, basically.


I don't understand. We're just going to go out into the harbor and start swimming blindly looking for an underwater gate?


Try to sleep.


Well, maybe this is best kept to us.


Show-off.


Am I first?


If I wanted a ship that had, let's say, this many sails, and came with a crew, how much would that be, about?


Anything out of the ordinary and/or a soothsayer, card-reader, bones-reader, whatever they have that's like that.


Aloha.


Ugh! Okay, in response to that, I'm going to be like: Don't patronize me! Then I'm going to fucking Flurry of Blows. Elbow strike him to an uppercut.


Leave the jokes to me, Robin.


We didn't say anything.


Three out of five.


Familiar.


Both equally mysterious.


I have lots of theories, too.


Right in the belly button.


Pass it down. All right. So should we take the boys with us, then? Because we're not necessarily coming back here?


I told you guys, it's Aes!


Anything undead within 60 feet is going to glow and I'm going to get a little glow off anything that registers as undead.


How much? A lot?


Grog's beard is better than that.


Trust me, I will not.


He wallows in the underbelly shit? That's what you said? That's me asking the DM.


The arm shot is-- okay, sorry. It's been a while. I've never done this one before. No damage, but it drops one item of my choice.


That's it. I just want to hold them, really.


He's eight. Percy what?


Is Frumpkin back? Do we know all these things yet?


I'll go next to Molly.


Can I get it so close to him that he's frightened for a second?


You went up higher!


Fair point. I have a crazy thought, and I needed to run by you. Sorry, didn't mean to hit you. Okay. I'm excited. All right. We watched the orb change. She changed the magic in the orb, right? We just spent a year making magical orbs that change in some way, that are all linked to our city. Clearly, not as powerful as what this is.


I forgot to tell them to make them. Sorry. It's all chicken.


Mauled?


You've got to start claiming them now, because once Grog starts putting the vibe out, they just come running.


Are there any windows?


Peeling the skin off my flesh.


That is the worst thing for you.


Hold on, let's take advantage of this. Is there anything else we need to talk about?


Caleb, save 300 gold because we need diamonds.


We don't have to do that.


Oh my god. (laughter)


It's like we've had this conversation.


Yeah, we might return to a different empire.


Well, that's where it went.


Seen some shit.


He gets a glimpse, yeah.


Maybe I'll part my armor, so he can see the scar. Post up on the bar.


You're all pieces of shit.


Some people like to call you boogie men. I figured it was always real. In my opinion, the best way to hide in a secret organization is by having a boogie man.


In the short term, Scanlan, are you able to send it to another dimension for a while?


Yeah. And I'm glad that you all got to see that the legends are true.


Okay. That is a nine plus five, ten, 22, 24. That's 33.


I mean, I asked them.


Ooh! Natural 19.


Thanks, Jester. She's better at it than I am. We're trying to make our way up to the Academy to get a little bit more learning done.


So that's... 21 for the first.


Never mind, leave him behind.


(high-pitched) It's great. It's a good roll.


As ineffectual as she's been.


I'm leaning on the edge and I just go Caleb, this is boring. It's just blue.


We should have talked about this. What do you guys think?


I'm feeling generous. I'll buy us a round.


There you go!


Buy some, what, incense?


Maybe Molly can do a seance and he'll come out!


Is that accurate?


I don't know where the runner went.


Go back in the middle like we thought we were going to do.


I wish you guys could see it up close. Obviously, we're going to send a picture on Twitter so you guys can see it, but it lights up different colors!


That was smooth.


I'm not coming tomorrow because I've already had mine.


I feel so political, you guys. I feel like I'm participating in our politics, in a way.


No, they're gone!


We need that.


It will be built back better than before. That's what we do.


Just save your attack--


Fine. We'll go meet up with everyone else.


There's no horse left. Yeah, oh boy. That's 30 points of damage.


God, it's an athletics check? What's her athletics?


Fire again, bonus action!


At ease, soldiers.


Help yourself.


I cast Speak with Plants.


I'm just a little girl.


Full movement.


Yes, we're really pale people, this is probably a good idea. No.


I'm in the training room in my sandpit sleeping bed.


A thousand throwing stars.


I was using the staff.


Caleb and Nott.


It's cold already. (groaning)


With Aldor running away.


Oh, that's going to be so cool.


Well, how did I get out of there?


Wouldn't you rather have a song? Wouldn't you rather have-- how often do you get a performance?


Well, we sneak out and then we go find out why there are zombies.


Here, Ashley, I'm going to tie it to your chair like we're at Applebee's.


What kind of a check is this?


Take it with you, scratch that. Good idea.


Wait, what was the first color? I was still laughing at Percy. What?


Oh. Senokir?


People get married in my family for money. I think it's perfectly reasonable.


I'm grabbing a random Two Buck Chuck next to me on the wall.


No, I've actually finished it.


Are we going to divvy it up?


Smiling is so painful.


We're fine. Come on.


It's only 7 15!


Do you need me to create a curtain for you to change behind?


Did you hold your action?


All right, we'll see you soon.


Well sure, so I'll just yell to Beau  Beau! Repeat after me, Fluffernutter! I'm going to throw the keg of gunpowder behind us.


Can't you pop a crystal off of that helmet of yours and make a banquet?


Yeah, he's 110 miles out from Vasselheim, at this point.


Oh, boy. Advantage against magic.


Locker room talk.


I thought we were not going to fight, but it's up to everybody else.


Pike, I don't know where you are, but I assume you're still--


The people that are scouring through the rubble, are those dragonborn or just the lizard people?


That would be fun!


You seem to have reservations--


3d8, plus whatever the holy would be?


Boom! Ah!


(singing) Circus bear.


And she'll use divine whatsit. Divine Strike.


Oh, right. Okay.


He hasn't taken any damage, has he?


Yeah, right? Yeah? Can I pet?


And then three on the last one.


I help Percy figure things out.


Speaking of which  hold still, there's a little bit of bird shit right there.


Add a d4, yeah? Four, yeah! Okay, 24 total!


First page.


Natural 19. 21.


To bless it. I'm going to hold it up above my head way too dramatically.


Take out the guards, kill them in their sleep?


First attack.


Is it more tasteful in here now?


No. Okay, we lose our 100 gold investment. Athletics, right?


Everyone loves a good dock tour. Like, a haunted dock tour.


So probably not under the Sun Tree.


If he comes back, let him in. If I'm not here, let him use my room for as long as he likes, and I'll pay for it.


Is he not in jail?


Have fun, you two!


How far is the farthest one?


I mean, we can drink anywhere. Vasselheim doesn't have to be in that equation.


So that's a swarm attack, they have a bite. That's plus three to hit, I believe. That's a 13.


I kinda wanna go in there.


C'mon, c'mon, c'mon.


And if you're doing it, does it take any more mojo to do it to all of us or just yourself? It can't hurt to do it to all of us.


I was just talking to the tree. It talked back.


Set fire to the house?


How, roughly, far away are they?


So why not just look like them and if you need to you can make a bubble?


I'll fire the first two Eldritch Blasts at one of them that's swimming, though not the one that's in melee of her.


Do you have a will made up?


That sounds bad! Good night, good night.


Any previous episodes of this kind?


Would he still look like a little dragonborn?


Could I attune, either before I go to sleep or when I wake up, to the Dwarven Thrower instead of the Bloodaxe?


Can you even scry? I don't know if you have the--


That's a real big--


With finger eyes?


But I don't want to use up all the-- we can do that after things are--


I will dash. You know, to catch up to them, I guess.


No, this is great. You're great.


I'm pretty good at actually climbing.


Does it look like they were dragging bodies down there? The blood streaks and stuff.


It worked?


While he's doing everything he's doing, I'm going try to very subtly draw a dick in his book.


They're married!


Ugh, don't fuck this up. Don't fuck this up. I am going to continue with my original plan. Can't-- Getting cotton mouth. And, (laughs) And I'm going to slowly start from the top down, transforming-- forming--


I'm warm blooded.


Good shit.


14 on the second attack.


(sighs) You're a good friend.


After we complete the task.


With the hooker?


We got you, it's okay! It's okay! Oh my god, I love him!


I'm going to try and tank this.


Don't you need your tools?


It's remarkable.


No, I think I'm able to do--


How do you know she actually thinks it's you and not, you know, maybe she just mistook you for someone actually named Lucien?


I didn't, I don't think I erased that.


Hi, little pixie! Go in that room!


I think it might be too heavy.


If he's being controlled by you, can he not be controlled by another being?


Did I manage to catch with the Control Flame my entire Fire Breath when I did that? And I'm controlling it still?


We can burn him out. Burn him out.


Oh, I thought it might be something, meat-based that you could have popped up a bit with your spice.


11 damage and can I do a stunning strike? Crack.


Thank you Gary Gygax, wherever you are. (all laugh)


I assumed you wouldn't. We're already walking back.


I cantrip Gust, brush him off.


I doubt it.


Bigger than us?


See what we did to those pixies? Wrecked.


If you scroll down, there'll be a button.


Oh yeah, that's true! We could get a sturdy, strapping gigolo man to go up there and watch out for Kiri!


Well, she's very drunk.


We go.


I stand up. I get to my feet. I touch the wound area and I fire it across the way.


I'll take that.


I assume back to his village.


Water holes or fire holes?


(whispering) You get advantage.


I genuinely feel like we should go the other way.


And then, for bonus action, I inspire Vax with a little ditty.


No, she said we could go back and get our things. They're our things.


But you can already vote.


(sniffs) Oh, that's a little strong.


Okay, so I'm going to take my axe and just try to kill as many of these things as I possibly can. So I swing my axe.


I go deeper.


The Grand Duchess. She's a sweetheart, but she's angry.


Also, can I attach the Chain of Returning to the Bloodaxe?


Hey, Matt.


Congratulations, Peter.


So come on down to the Slayer's Cake, located in downtown Whitestone. Look for the big unsanitary bear. You can't miss it! And don't forget, don't step in bear shit!


Which spelling are you using for that word? A-W-K? O-C-K?


I'll rustle up a few. That's fine, why not. It's what I do, apparently.


I come back with a pile of red-purple flowers and I'm grinding up. This is from Casala. Textile family generations ago, but they make very good tea now. (sighs)


Sometimes they do talk about boys.


(sings) The fuckin' Theatre.


Well, why don't we weaken the beams first?


No, I was on her.


Hey, you guys. I never used my fate thingy yesterday because I'm stupid. Did you guys want to use it today?


On that tentacle!


Yeah. One, we pick a card. 20, we don't.


I'm in that with you.


Interesting. All right.


He actually is one. And he won't jump off a 1000-foot cliff.


I started to take a step to the left while facing the dragon.


Dawn doesn't really exist out here. It's just a rest.


Question!


I wouldn't say no to it before I take off.


I'll be able to fix him in a second.


Someone asked, what was the reaction to discovering you had a magic flying carpet? Which you can see if you go to Matt's YouTube channel. There's a video that Ashley made of us playing, and you see our reactions to that.


Well? To Marquet or to Draconia? What's it going to be? Should we vote?


Not my neighborhood.


They are quite--


Oh, that ziggurat.


All right, point made. Point very well made. Let's start with--


Only just now.


Natural 19. 25.


So the Clenched Fisht, Clenched Fist.


What about yourself?


I apologize if we're anxious. We just want to get our business concluded as quickly as possible and move on to more pressing matters. I mean, if you see Marius or know that he's around, you're welcome to tell him that people are trying to deliver something. I get the impression that he's a friend and I also get the impression that he's probably used to a fair bit of trouble and we're hoping not to be trouble.


How you doing?


That actually is not surprising.


It could curlicue up.


Yeah, I think so. We've been traveling all day. We stay here, we get up. We don't know anything about where the Shepherds-- We know nothing about their stronghold, just what you're able to tell us, but that doesn't tell us how many people are there now, what we are going to be up against. We talk to the Marduns tomorrow, figure out the next step from there.


That's a natural one. Plus two! For three. A total of ten.


And might I inquire, as it is my family's debt: what is the timetable on that? Will you be coming to collect anytime soon?


I thought it was upstairs, or you said right on the other side of the door?


Sorry. (laughter)


Sure, that sounds great!


Yeah, originating from me.


We removed his armor. We should give him something to leave in so he's not just walking buck through the city.


Right, it's like one of those "wear nine different ways" dresses?


I don't know that it's fine. There's a hole to nowhere in the middle of the boat that came out of Happy Fun Ball. What do you call this thing?


That's all you can do is try to take down the enemies, and we can help. That's all you can do.


I don't think it is either, Kiri!


Or, like, dragon kind of issue?


Yeah, what would it be? A slave auction house?


Can I put an arm around Beau and have her come to the front of the boat so we can check out the waters as we're going, just for anything that might be--


He's in the alley.


We're not eating the rats.


So thank you guys again. Lucas, if you wanna go ahead and roll those videos, and we'll get you guys out of here.


Yeah. I dig it.


Try punching up.


We've brought you a present.


We should have a girls' day at the bath house.


No promises?


Good times.


Balls. I'm going to have to Hunter's Mark one of the little ones, then, and aim for one of them. And I'm going to Hail of Thorns them. The one closest to me.


Oh, that's true, you would know!


Keep moving forward slowly. Nott? I'll hold Caleb's hand on the other side.


Careful of your head.


You don't know what Matt would've done with whatever you think!


Spared?


Doty? Doty! Shit!


Molly said not to steal from happy people.


Don't we want the purple gobstopper?


I'll be behind Jester.


Sorry, 11. It's 11.


Ask them where they are.


Where do you keep your personal water?


You get advantage, when you go into the room, just in case of a natural 20.


That was actually for Matt, and I wasn't going to call it out on screen.


It's just a thing old women say.


There's hookah!


She is better at this. I'm going to let her do this.


Your time to kill is coming.


Real Vax or Vaxy?


It's okay. Well, it's not okay. He's got better constitution.


And then we could tell Quall--


But she might not care, right?


I took damage, I'm sorry. It wasn't my fault. I lost concentration. Blame the dragon that did 40 damage.


Apparently a Fireball.


No no no no no no. I still have my hands on Kima, right?


I'm so little. I'm going to attempt to hide from his sight. That hides me, so I use my bonus action to just get hidden a little bit. Is there anything I can--


Right, not in New York. Anybody that lives in New York in the Marvel universe is just stupid. Like rent's gotta be $1.50.


To set an ambush.


I feel like the snooty town that I came from would have a Winter's Crest festival, like how we have Oktoberfests out here. Even though we have no real business having them, yeah.


Ray! (laughter)


Wow, Siri's fucking drunk right now. (all laugh)


It was pretty metal.


Highbearer Orb sounds good.


They're turning around, they're heading back in that direction!


Tonight.


And Delilah.


24 for the first one. And 22 for the second one.


I cast Breathing Underwater on myself and I just sink to the bottom of the pool and I just stay there for a really long time at the bottom of the pool.


Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! That hurt my tail so much. I'm so sorry! Are you okay?


Korshad.


I think we're flying up and if we see anything we'll just take shots at anything that's rolling around, if anything is visible. Let's just do damage on our way out.


Ahh, what a crazy dream. Nope, it's real.


This is old news, guys. This is old news. This is what I get to do.


Oh no, that hits me!


I got that one hit and that was all I got. I'm sorry.


Okay, what did you draw? What did you draw, Pike?


The one right behind me.


And then he's gonna take credit for dropping off a hand, like it's some crazy, miraculous thing!


It was the Open Quay right? Was where he wanders at midnight?


I open the leather and place it down. (squishy noise)


Oh, man.


Can we stealth? I mean, I guess we're all kind of--


Well, hopefully--


D. Rolo.


We'll get ready over here, give us one second.


How high are the ceilings? Can you pillars it down into the water?


Does the heart-stone make him even stronger than he already was?


But not near here, not here.


Are you still up?


I might drop a Fireball on your ass.


Will you fucking do something, please?


Could I have some chocolate? And some milk?


I will do that if you request.


Even with the plus four? No.


We'll definitely need some sort of protection against ice attacks.


We have to move. The safehouse has been compromised.


All the way up here? And didn't his internal compass say 350 miles northwest?


No, I mean our other two friends.


It's got two pockets for two poops.


Yeah. Advantage on all strength checks and strength saving throws.


Yeah, I do. I enjoyed his company so much last time. Feel like we've got a little more coin to spend, might be smart to stock up on items.


I want to insight check him to see if he looks like he's--


They're stupid. I mean, there are the guys out front.


This should be fun.


We slept!


I'm trying to be smarter.


Okay. I'm going to head back and look at the entrance.


(makes fart noises)


Vox Machina on three. One, two, three.


Fuck, I'm sorry!


Is there anything else to loot off of Kevdak?


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sorry, not a saving throw, so 20-- 17 plus six, which is 25?


You would be a little zombie, floating, stuck.


The sword just fucking killed you, you dummy!


This is the first time I've ever said this out loud: Seriously, go check out Alpha for this show. It's worth it. It's amazing. Oh my god!


Is that our girl?


Those chicken candies?


Aaron's a little young to be running a bookstore. That's all I have to say.


Do we dare steal a glance at the seaweed that's around? Are there also strips of cloth and bone and body?


Just to game this out. You, Caleb, someone who is not suspected of a crime, is going to bring the severed head of a member of the circus to the police--


Question. We sort of thought maybe we could use Kevdak as a tribute, like we sacrificed him to the great shitty Umbrasyl. Is that his name?


More than we need. And I grab my earpiece and I go, (meekly) thoughts? (laughter)


I want to find the lodestone.


Hey, I'd like to go to Vasselheim, Pike. Keyleth, can you open up a hole in a tree? We can go quick. Everyone can go to Vasselheim. There's just a specific place in Vasselheim that I need to go. And I love you, but I just don't want you to be a part of it. You either hang out with Grog, or stay outside, okay?


Yeah, use that one. That's weird.


Let's put a couple-- yeah, eight, that's fine, I've got that.


I have four. Let's see, I have a whole-- there's another one here... They're not that easy to get to. Two, four, six. I need two more.


Can I insight-check Grog?


Oh, that's not good for me. Nope, definitely not.


It has been nice knowing you, ladies and gentlemen.


Sure, sure, sure. What do you need me to lift?


Actually, it's got eyes and not ears, I don't think. When we saw the blueprints was there any way for it to detect sound or was it all visual?


How did we not go there first! Oh my god.


That's attack rolls, Fireballs just happen.


A rift just opened in the universe.


Hold onto your butts.


I say, oh no, whatever will we do. We have this enormous piece of equipment that you don't understand and could possibly be very dangerous and probably should be locked up with the rest of us. Oh no.


I totally get the name of the place now.


I don't know if she was in melee with Yasha.


(whispering) We're only seven people.


What would happen if you threw it into the sphere?


What did you aim at?


A conductor?


All right, well, I use my bonus action to click my Boots of Haste together.


Yeah! Or you know, I pick up a hammer in the morning.


That's good. I'm going to now take my handful of what is now basically a switch, and I'm going to start whacking him with it really hard on the chest.


There was one like you. Smart, yet sad. And you, as well. Yeah, and I was you.


Rakshasa.


And you said 300 gold?


He gets like this when he's studying. He gets very focused, it's best not to disturb him.


Hear that, Scanlan? Friendship.


I will lift Nott up, to peek her head through.


Sure, sure. There's mimosas, there's--


Well, I don't know you that well.


None of us have any chance, any other option but to play along.


She was so cute!


Yes, this is a thing.


Can they see the cart?


Yeah, Quall did want the circlet at some point. It's not necessarily ours to give away.


What were Mom and Dad like?


All right, I lift her up.


Do we have salt? Do we have lots of salt here in the mansion, Scanlan?


So 16 plus--


Listen to Jester!


Six. That's a nine.


As soon that I see that he's held, I am going to jump up and try and grab him by the pants and bash his head in and then throw him down.


Can you think of any reason why they would separate?


Do we want it just to be us and they have the tent?


Yeah, if you wouldn't mind.


Pike, did he have any hiding places, like that other house?


And we're taking you with us.


-- na.


I'm above, I want to be high up in the air but low enough that I can reach down and touch the locket to Grog's hand.


Oh, god, that game again.


I try and discern who runs this establishment.


I'm sure I will drop my form.


Okay, yes. I use Hellish Rebuke.


I'm going to send this to you, Ashley.


Pour one out for Tibs. We will be.


Wait, is that true?


And yet Vax ain't sweating it. Not anymore.


It's just double.


Dispater?


There was a lot more historical fiction in it than actual pornographic content, I was surprised.


It will-- I guess--


Can I cast Grasping Vine from the side of the river and try to catch myself?


And the third is a 21.


Looking for Jarett.


There were some of the girls changing in a room.


I'm aiming, I'm going to use the Sharpshooter for extra damage.


Can I give him inspiration? Somehow?


(farting) Her skirt's like, (farting).


Does the name Garmelie ring a bell?


Oh, plus 11. Yeah, that's huge. Is this a sword attack, or is this Bigby's Hand's clenched fist attack?


With a man named Buick (laughter)


We had a crazy orgy in our room and you guys didn't even want to be part of it.


Were there any flowers on our journey?


No, Scanlan.


No, he can only be a thousand feet away.


The next person who hits that water thing is going to hurt.


Ten minutes!? Oh, okay.


So Percy read this out loud, right?


Because we need that Dawnmartyr!


Here's what we're going to do. I've got one silver piece right here. I'm going to flip it.


I'm going to shoot the purple thing with a violent shot.


Would you like me to identify the object?


I hope we at least heard the Looney Tunes bongos (bongo noises).


Okay. Are they like profiles, or are they front?


Hans and Franz?


Oh, you know--


I agree. I think this looks like a convergence-of-the-elements type of a room.


Is it an attack roll or--


Sounds like Blight or something.


(As Jester) "What about you?"


I am on my feet, but I am swaying back and forth.


Please tell me that someone brought my toothbrush.


Just salt bae your dice.


Screaming.


I'm gonna say Final Fantasy 10.


I'll back up down the plank.


And I don't.


Fuck. I'm going to shoot at Orthax.


And I take off the hat.


Barnes and Noble-style?


I know it's hard to tell.


Do you have any arrows that--


No matter what?


I like that idea.


Oh! I heard it. I give him the evil eye.


I do Van Damme splits, just as he finishes that sentence.


Doty? Doty, come here.


Because you're hammered.


A couple, yes. And we killed a bunch of those buttholes.


What does a demon need money for?


Oh, yeah, I fucking grind my teeth.


Do you have anything a little more potent right now?


Ooh! Am I still all fire giant form?


And Sean Becker. Who's my director for Signal Boost. All in the fam.


Yeah, I'm done.


Pouring it on a little thick, friend. What's up?


NecrOmancy.


My cube?


So I'm not going to do that. I'm going to just step back against the back wall and hold.


I would like to reckless attack, Great Weapon Master, all three of these. (laughter)


Am I perma-dead?


I'm sure I've got a set.


He's drunk, fell asleep.


Hey, crime boss, are you my dad?


I wonder if they have him prisoner now. If he came out of his mind funk.


Yeah, I was thinking, maybe can I investigate these people that are in the cage?


Possible.


Ah, it feels wrong.


Let's have a good drink, and in the morning we'll set off on the next leg of idiocy.


Terrible. Terrible.


Where's Kaylie now?


I've said that, and he's ignored me, so you don't get to say shit!


How big are they? Are they four-person sleepers?


Yeah. It's like a little traveler's bottle of soap.


(laughs) Just a little pokey.


He's not going to let me do it.


I do, as well.


Question one.


I don't have the strength to argue with him.


Okay, got it.


Maybe for a little bit, but I've got some things I need do, so.


Let what--


That was an action.


I have them!


Yasha want to go first?


Oh, this'll go poorly.


I'd say yes.


I got a three.


Six points.


What it looked like.


Bless you for knowing a Sumerian deity.


A little bit of information, there will be more later. I'm going to take a look at all the data and see if it's possible.


You were fighting the Hammer. So I went away and I made you... a hammer. And I'm gonna give you the hammer.


It's just a tentacle, it's not--


I grab, hit the button, twist, pull.


(laughs) Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. Who came here from outside the US? Cheer. (cheering)


Check'n'mate?


You've never really been in war, have you?


Are we able to get to this lump?


No, you take them both.


Do we have any fancy, um, fancy--


We got Dis.


We're clean, we're relaxed, we're ready to go into a sewer.


Are you good?


I sleep naked. Thank you.


It's a moving story.


We don't want to go in.


I don't know either! It's a very strange relationship.


We destroyed their home, and then we took off running. That's what you wanted, right?


I try to get closer so that she can poke through the waterfall.


By the way, you might want to get like a mouthguard or something because you snore a little.


-- with Greater Invisibility, so you can attack, and you'll still be invisible.


Does it sound like General Krieg's place? Did you get a description of the place?


Who's in the room right now?


All right, bring it downstairs.


You as well, yes. We wish you nothing but the best.


I actually did take a crossbow bolt, knocked myself unconscious, trying to save your life!


Scope?


Is it made out of stone? Can I call this earth? Can I call this rock?


It's the typical catch. We have to do him a favor.


For flanking bonus. I'm going to take two slices into his leg.


Did we inspect any of the other bodies?


This is our keep. What do we name it?


Goddamn it, Travis. Then you and me have an agreement here, rather than wait until he comes knocking. In the meantime, could I feed him once an hour or so?


Yeah, I have some ideas and I am curious, but I want to know what you intend. These come in threes, yeah?


Yeah, anywhere that-- I don't want to be in the front front, but I'll be in the middle.


So we now know at least a 17 will hit.


Wait a minute. How much gold do I--


Yeah! Owl rolls, yeah! 20.


We have that option if it comes to it.


Wait, not yet. It's quieter to do this.


I cast at level two, so that's 2d8 plus four. 12 points of healing for you. For my bonus action, I'm going to have my duplicity self run up and stand right next to the spot where the fish wizard comes out.


Why don't you all meet us at the-- get the cart and you'll meet us at the apothecary.


It's halved, right?


It's no problem. I think I've had enough ocean for a while. That was--


Who's next? Oh, I'm still going. It's still my turn!


Unless there's an opal in there, I'm getting rid of the ring.


Then we can have, yeah, black and white scales.


Yes, Whitestone.


Is ten.


I buy all that ink and paper and I spend the rest of that day learning a small handful of new spells, which are in the Rolodex now, and then the next night--


No, I will tell him--


Okay, I'm going to use my bonus. I'm running fucking low on spells. Fuck, I don't want to do it. I'm going to do my bonus action to cast Grasping Vine.


Is that temporary hit points?


And it stays? It works?


Can I-- well, I can't sense anything about it with Hunter's Mark, I just know where he is.


Yeah, we’ll get a black light. (laughter)


Then I rolled a ten.


Seeker Asum.


I reach back out to her and I go  Yes, right?! We are so going to die. I'm with you.


My, how time flies.


That's pretty much what I'm doing other than sleeping.


And throw it all over her.


You're not the first.


I don't like this idea.


Advantage and inspiration.


I promise you, none of their dads leave the adventurers' money to their daughters, it's always to the sons.


Wait, but I didn't put any. I'll put in ten, and you put in--


Right. Okay, so that's--


I used that to me, right.


What about the belt?


I'm in the corner above Grog.


Dres Vina's spellbook?


I also really like what you've done with the place.


I have rocky ground. That's all I have.


See, that is what it looks like when an incantation is targeted at you.


Just a straight intelligence?


We'll call it--


Okay. Let's burn that little bit of Animus again and burn that grit point again for advantage. Let's hit her with Bad News. Actually, I'll cast... Hex on her, as well, just for fun.


That's kinda harsh.


I am going to-- (scoffs) If I run back to where I was standing, am I out of its fricking cone?


Scanlan, what should I do with this sword?


Misses. Yeah, misses. Armor class 15.


Okay. That's a natural one.


I think I'm gonna keep the blood on me, if you don't mind.


I think that's a yes.


When you get a moment, we could use you for a second down here.


How high does the mast go?


And we found her!


Are there any identifiable body parts?


Oh my goodness! I'm almost up to full now!


I'll use my speed to close to the pedestal, between the pedestal and Dashilla.


Yeah, when it's like, when he's playing fucking Applejacks back there.


Pretty good. Okay, this is for The Taskers and The Grunge Gang.


Just a little tingle?


Let's head to the Sun Tree, why don't we?


We're all in the same tunnel now?


Just a siege.


That is not okay.


Oh, he's pulling a Vax.


Does Sentinel engage there?


While he's rambling, can Keyleth be looking for the nearest big-ass tree?


And The Sour Nest is nestled into it.


Seal the other one, too. I only partially sealed it.


He heals 24 hit points.


Who leaves that much in their coat pockets?


I can try and jog her memory.


By the way, I got terrible sleep. I replayed everything Saundor said in my head a hundred times.


Giants.


That's some Hawkeye stuff.


Spell attack bonus is-- 20.


Problem. We were not effective.


Do they do custom there?


Keyleth, Vex swore to me that she would only use it for good.


I'm going to sit directly between Percy and Scanlan for all of this conversation.


What was that second line? "Knowledge dost billow--"


Investigation. What about a 12?


Can we just run up and kick him into the lava?


Yes? Oh, Light!


We're fine, keep going.


Apparently, and it's a lot of fun.


I'm sure he would also like to know about Molly.


I'd love to try.


Everybody give a quick huzzah to Jareth.


(meekly) Hi.


Oh my goodness, Sora. Wow, last time I saw you, you were like, like, oh man. Look how big you've gotten.


So you give it a command, it takes your full concentration to give it a command, and then once you do that it will enact that plan until it's complete or until you tell it otherwise.


No, everything's fine. They just do what they need to do. I just have to keep them clean.


We have to do some stage-setting here. We have to set the scene.


That was even cooler!


Well, they would run willy-nilly!


We need our east coasters.


No, it cancels out because he's-- it's no advantage, no disadvantage, right?


At the queen and the illithid. So, I should've transferred my bonus action over to-- but I didn't, that's okay. That gives me-- I should've done this before, I'm an asshole, I'm sorry.


I'll drop the crownsguard, and make the old man and sit so I can keep an eye on it, but away from it.


Four, five, six. Okay, I'm going to roll these.


Okay, if we're going to talk about these things, let's use some code words. Don't say her name, say a different name.


Yeah, the eyes, they never go in the same direction; one's always to the left and one to the right.


I take what's left of the ring and I throw it across the room for Frumpkin to go chasing it across.


Yes? Is it time? Should I go over there?


One is in Marquet?


Okay. I see Grog in attack mode, right? I see these two bad guys. I will send a Lightning Bolt at somebody.


Well, I mean, come on.


The best was watching Laura go, "Oh what a great i-- ooh."


That's a good trade.


Okay. Well sweet, then yeah, sure, give it to me.


How did you do, Tary?


20, 21, and a miss.


(gasps) Oh my gosh, you're so smart. Look at this guy, he knows everything!


Just go with it, I'll explain later.


Okay. Well, I'll attack with Trinket, and I'll pull my dagger out.


Okay. Am I still on the side of the boat?


Look, could we hear Horace when he was interrogating him?


They're getting worse.


I don't know what I'm going to do. I've only been thinking about killing that son of a bitch now. I don't really know what my life is going to be like. I'll probably go on a nice drunken bender for a while, and then when I come to, I'll figure something out.


Okay. Let's go!


Or I could do other things.


I actually have to rest completely, so I can't do shifts.


Victor's on vacation.


Heads.


Two regular eyes! Why do you think she keeps coming back? (gasps) Oh no.


And the kraken.


And we should assume that everything will continue to go great.


Can I take down the bodies that are on the trees?


Squeezing her earlobe really hard.


I'm concentrating on making myself a fart.


But they give a shit about the goliath? That's fucked up.


He deals in secrets. It's kind of his thing.


Do we have time to-- look at this, we're making plans with friends, that's amazing. Do we have for errands in the morning? I have a couple stops. Nothing major.


We can trust you while we're all asleep not to do anything to any of our companions, correct?


