Not much of an economy right now.


There's a map for that.


All right, I'm going to-- fuck.


I don't know these people.


Look, Percy. Vax.


You seem a capable fighter, yes? My cousin recently became member of the Slayer's Take in Vasselheim. Perhaps you would care to go find purpose in testing your skills there?


Yep, dexterity saving throw.


I was super into it. Still love The SHITs.


We all showed up and were like, "oh, this is cool! Let's put this on!"


Jesus, that fight knocked you goofy, didn't it?


Oh, the monkey’s here, right? Okay, good.


A man whore?


Let's see if we can cut them and keep some of this leather. I bet it's worth a little bit of money.


Downtrodden.


Back to the beginning of our notes.


I didn't mean for that to go the way it did.


I'm sorry, Percy. Listen, I'm sorry, everybody. I didn't mean to kill everybody so quickly. I'll let you kill everybody next time, Percy.


No, no, up here.


And white dragonhide.


We are in a giant death cluster. How about we spread out a touch? Like two people to a door in that hallway.


I'm going to do a tour of the urns and see if there's anything, jewelry or something, hidden in there.


Hers is different.


Yeah, we know, we know that is not where the bow is.


I'm seven, by the way.


To just fix his hand.


Oh. I thought we were doing the beginner's course?


The 20 hits. The 15 does not.


Hey, I remember this place! Wow.


Oh. Me? I'm right there, aren't I?


Do you know its name, or are you afraid of it?


Is it broken glass or smooth glass?


It's not as good as the unintentional, but that's okay. 19.


This was a couple months ago. I mean, you know, I lost track of time when we were on the ship.


So we're going to switch over to the dropcam and some music really quick, and we're going to get set up for the Q&A as fast as possible for you guys.


Come on, natural 20!


Nine points! Yeah, Keyleth!


I'll still stick with Jester, though. Just in case he's--


(whispering) What if we let the pirate queen tie rocks to our feet and we're dead?! We have to do this! We can kill them later!


Thank you guys so much. That was fun. It gets more intense like every week.


Please just do it.


And yourself.


But with the sex appeal of Grog.


Yeah! That hits. Then 1d8 plus four. That's cocked. Yeah! 12 points of damage.


Vax gives his sleeping sister a wet willie.


All right, fine, my watch. I'll get up.


You said you saw a few bodies of family?


Not unless he asks.


Oh dear lord.


Isn't that good, to roll a two?


So, seeing as he, like, landed on me, could I do anything here? Any reaction?


Insight check on the Knot sisters!


Maybe we should see if we should be some armed guards for some rich people going across the valley before, so that we have, you know.


Don't want to interrupt your "broment."


So it's got a lizard face? Not like a human face with a really long neck?


That's the way out!


Wasn't there face paint that could help complete the look?


I ran to Jared's.


How long has it been since we rested?


Yeah, can I do the edge on the brain and get--


Trinket turns and puts his claws into Grog's hand.


And he'll get an attack of opportunity, I'm assuming?


That doesn't hit. Only 11.


Can I acrobatics check this to try and make the landing?


I see them, I note them, and I'm throwing two daggers at the person attacking Keyleth, the thing.


Picked by beasts or--


I'm going to tell Frumpkin to go in the sky and watch and head up the road a ways to set that alarm.


Yes, everyone on this side of the table's good.


I didn't read any of that.


19. 29. 35, and four because I'm enlarged. 35, total on the first one. And the second one, 19. Should have taken that other thing. That would have been a crit. Minus five. 27?


We just want pretty dresses. Oh! Oh! Oh!


Yeah, yeah. All the way round, yeah. So I'm facing Grog and the others, in a sort of a cone pattern. And I fumble, I'm fumbling on the helmet, trying to find the right gem to pull out. And I pull out a diamond. And I pluck it out of the helmet and I go (screams). And I will cast Prismatic Spray.


I start climbing up and I want to paint it rainbow colors. I feel like that would be a really nice addition for the Platinum Dragon.


It is everywhere.


All right, I beeline right up to them and I drop down in front of Pike. Pike. Keyleth. We're working on a plan, and we don't have one yet, but Pike-- and I'm down on my knee-- you need to guide Grog. He doesn't listen to anyone else, he only listens to you.


Also, the hotel printer was broken.


No. We're not gonna have Trinket this whole thing. We better get back to Trinket soon. I'm freaking out, you guys.


There are 300 fucking dice on this table.


Why yes, we leave tomorrow morning actually.


Done, okay.


I'm going to pull his hair out of his face so he can see us.


Vex, let's let the money tag along.


You know, it's sinful in a sort of vague way.


I don't know. (Travis moans and strangles)


Salt water?


How frequently are these attacks coming?


Is it-- is it still my watch?


I have 'archfey, black heart'.


He's so upset. He's really upset.


And I want to look at him and go, why are you smiling the whole time?!


That's major.


Yep, as far as I can go.


Yeah, he's got so many weapons.


And what's the fourth name?


Yeah. Yup.


We needed her from the get-go.


I was like that's, "That's Laura's voice, where the hell is that coming from?"


Did you look at it? Did you use your fancy eyes to look at it?


I know, but will you at least confirm that yes, we are the most powerful?


He's a little drunk. He's got that Soulja lean going on.


Oh! Then we'll make it regular so that he doesn't get advantage back.


No, no, he’s pointing the other direction!


Best not to mention our name. I don't think we're cool with the Clasp after our last meeting.


Do you have spell of Restoration, the thing that can reverse stone?


That diagram wasn't elaborate enough for me to know the answer to that.


I think we will.


Be specific.


So everything's a little bit more under control, hopefully.


I'm going to spin and try to slam into the wall and knock him into the stone.


You can see glowing symbols? Sorry, you didn't tell me that.


Well, do you think things will change now between you?


I'm going to use-- I don't care. I'm going to slide around Grog, to the side. Towards Scanlan. Right there, yeah.


They're like little sea cucumbers.


The gate?


This is another box. This one has our logo etched into it.


Yeah, okay, good. Throws the ring away.


20 or a one, seems to work well for us.


From the inside!


He's very smart.


Okay. 19 to hit.


Oh two 19s, and that's a critical for Trinket!


Who are these people who caught this person would be another question they might ask. We got to be careful.


She could be on our horse.


She succeeded three times.


I will take a large loaf of hot bread, fresh out of the oven, please.


Can you pick Trinket up and bring him up on the wall?


At least we’re not in debt.


That's an 18. My one is an 18 now.


Yeah. Not fun.


Hate to be him right now.


So you don't like cats, I understand that.


Several of us have already died.


We have a lot of questions, so tell us everything.


Okay, that's it.


I tossed my baggie--


Oh, we're okay, there's not a bunch of big stuff in here.


(laughs) Exactly. Hey guys, the promo code from last week, InvisibleWand, is still active for 25% off any purchase from the D&D Beyond store. But Ash, why don't you tell them the secret other promo code that unlocks everything on the site for free? (silence)


You won't be able to swim very fast, though.


He's dopey but he means well. He's all right.


Well, maybe just leave it there.


That's a-- you know what that is. Percival, what is that?


Are you going to be all right with Caleb going without you?


I'll bet. I am easily startled.


The Clasp, yeah.


You--


Oh, so it wouldn't have worked?


(shrieks through gritted teeth) So eight points of healing, you guys, for that level three spell.


Can I use a ki point to get advantage?


Well, plus a 1d12.


I assume he's going to-- that's fair.


Yeah, I think I can see that Vax is having a little bit of a problem.


Responsibility?


(laughs) Are you leaning on something, Doctor?


Well, maybe it's another spell or something, yeah.


My small experience with the arcane came to me around the same time that sword did.


Can I call you Shaq?


What about the areas I exploded?


In theory.


Do you know anything about music playing randomly in the woods?


Also, though, this is an exit. Do you want the only exit to be in your basement? The only one? Or are there more of these places?


Yes! Happily.


Yeah, it'll be like a white noise machine.


Science!


Y'all want to go to the DQ and get a cone of cold?


I wouldn't say ongoing. It's happened like three or four times.


Any reason why?


Nothing is going well!


Can you make yourself a fire elemental, and it won't damage you if you go-- or will water fuck with you?


Thanks. Thanks, Sam.


I hope this works.


Three? Two, three?


Range increments are for-- We don't do that here.


You have no spells that don't do damage? Nothing that holds, nothing that silences? Nothing that feebles? Not as Keyleth?


Sure. Yeah. There's one that's trying to get away with one of our deckhands?


Oh, my deception check was a three minus three.


For my bonus action, I'm going to cast a Light spell on the other side of the wall really quickly so that we have some light in this.


Oh no, I'm absorbing, and I will tell you in a moment. I need to make sense of it first.


We order anything other than milk please.


Yes! (laughs) Oh no! Slightly better. Five.


So, Shale, did you and your scouting party find out any additional information that might be handy?


You are lying. You are lying! By hitting rocks?


Thank you for coming over here. He was holding me hostage. He wouldn't let me leave. I'm a small man. I'm defenseless, and he was holding me captive.


Cool. Are you good, man?


I beeline to the bar and say  A large mug of ale, please. As soon as it's ready, bring it right over to Balgus.


Let me break the fourth wall just for a second to say that this game is totally fucked.


That'll hit, too.


Shoot yourself?


Can I see, from being on the roof, what's inside the building? You said there's no roof to that temple I was up on top of.


All right. Let's go!


Trinket rolled a natural 20.


Wow. Do you want a hand with that?


Your turns are taking so long!


Look at my sheet. That's a natural 20. (all cheer)


That's 11 plus two is 13, right? Not great, not great. And 14. 13 and 14.


I'm gonna kill this stupid sea puppy.


Until I know that everyone's going to react the way that you did to seeing me.


Just for fun, (Infernal) stay down.


Yeah. Mahna Mahna.


Does it just slow, not stop?


It's still the best chance we have. We have to kill it now.


Like a normal person-sized dwelling?


So, Kima. Pie-in-the-sky goal? You would destroy the Horn?


That's a good core body workout.


I did. I really shot it. It didn't have a good day. Do I have enough...


You did. Like a champ.


I will do the same thing. I will reload and fire again.


Your name is confusing to us. This is why we wanted to call you Clarence. Sorry, sorry.


They're cute together.


No, wait! We'll be on the lookout for key things in the landscape to maybe give you information for your maps?


-- swim up and over towards my brother.


So 5d12. Five times. All right. Do math for me, somebody. What is that? That's a three.


Don't judge me, Scanlan, you didn't see me do it!


All right, I'm going to turn Trinket around, he's going to attack that dude that got a hit on him. The one behind him.


We all have an extra 60 gold, yeah?


All I'm hearing is Jon Bon Jovi Living On A Prayer. (laughter)


Of course you are. In size 38 font in your fucking notebook.


(whimpering) Okay. Oh, that's not bad. 21.


Did you say you're coming to the room?


Oh. Yeah, of course we knew that.


A lot of classic rock!


What is it, Mr. Clay? We want your input, as you are definitely part of this team.


(muffled) Super cute and funny.


Without further ado, I would like to introduce the cast of Critical Role. [Critical Role theme music]


That was crazy. 27.


Converse.


No traps. Oh yes, there was a trap! To be fair, there was one trap. I thought you meant any sprung traps. There was a trap.


Because there's so much noise and stuff.


It disappeared.


Don't take my fucking line before I get a chance to say it!


Spick and span.


We should be at separate ends of the fence right now, because I made my way down the fence with Yasha.


(whispers) I get my bow ready.


Oh no, you're getting shithoused during this round!


That's in the middle of nowhere. Okay, 18.


Hey Caleb, we should talk later. I'll take that 13, so it's 20 for the first attack. And then 12? No. Yes. No, 12.


I don't have another 4th-level, unless I burn a 5th-level, for Death Ward.


Goddamn it. I wanted to throw some electricity on it and I blanked because my brain is made of Swiss cheese. Is it too late?


Do we kill them?


Yes! Then the other one takes 2d8 if he fails his saving throw.


12 for my second.


Oh fuck! That was a noble answer! I'm sorry. I'm cool. We're out.


Lots of gold. It's 1,800 for the dragon eyes, 1,200 for the dragon tongue. 3,500 for the heart. 1,500 for the claws, and then how much for the dragon teeth?


I don't like that very much at all.


(gasps) You draw too?


Yeah-- no! Almost! Just pull Kima up!


Oh, you're coming, too? All right. You're my son, let's go. (laughter)


Can I use the great weapon master on these attacks, and I'll use reckless attack for advantage on them, and anybody that attacks me gets advantage, as well?


Imagine endless water.


It is the same day?


I mean, should we have some tigers?


What, that's all? I mean, oh yes, of course. Here's 120.


Fuck! That's why I was trying to stun her! I think she still could have done it, though.


I sneak up behind Nott.


I can also look it up.


"That's my turn. " (laughter)


Okay. I'm sorry this is taking so long. 19.


We have the silver thread up top, right?


We get our held actions for when we see him, though, first?


Oh, but I'm not hidden anymore?


Funny story, you were right about Clarota. He was horrible, we killed him. We killed him! Hey, you were right.


It's a 14. Yeah, I know, you can barely see that one. Athletics you said? 19. 18, sorry!


One look and they ran.


Barrels are waterproof, you keep beer in them.


Yeah. And they were missing arms?


Yeah-huh. We could have just told you that.


Yeah, that was Keeper.


We're all still drunk and awake. We don't want to go to bed yet! Just, just talk with us.


I will say the half-orc has a weird liking for Lorenzo, so just be prepared if he goes down first that she's probably going to go insane.


We'll shake on it?


Shoo! Shoo! (laughter)


We're not going to forge--


He's come... he's come back to our world. My home. My family is in danger. The world is in danger.


Yep. I'm holding waiting for them.


Fuckable cantaloupe.


Is there light or any keyholes or any switches or--?


It is now.


And the big hat?


A businessman? Is that a taboo subject with you?


Could I acrobatics that shit up?


Very carefully, taking the chains off.


We should drag him over there, just in case he wakes up. Kick him in.


There's a rock slide, you guys.


You just don't know that yet.


(high-pitched) Oh, beautiful brass scrolling and priceless--


Yeah, you tweedles want to come?


That clearly undead cannibal dwarf eating flesh, as I saw it, so problem solved. We're on a time table, yeah?


Wait! We have Cass. Does she get a turn?


Is the picture still up that Pike commissioned?


No, I had written a letter, but yours is much better. Yeah, that's great.


That is most kind of you, we are much obliged.


Anyway. Nice to meet you, nice to meet you.


Do I see anything on her neck?


We're at 14, we need three more.


Okay, so once again, lot of intertwining starting to go on. Got our tattoos, took a little bit of time. One of the big things that Keyleth did over the course of the year, which took a massive majority of her time, was she went on a diplomacy mission to all four of the tribes as well as Emon and Whitestone, and with the help of Percy and Tary, we came up with a system that we are calling the Crisis Orbs system, is what you called it? Where we put magical orbs in each of the cities that are basically giant panic beacons. And each city got assigned a separate color, to where if anything goes terribly wrong, someone can hit that beacon and all of the crystals will light up and whoever can respond first will do so.


I'm just kidding. I don't actually think we should sleep together. I just need to tell you that I--


With my action, I will Eldritch Blast from where I am.


Do you want just a hand slice or do you want to up the ante and I stick it in your thigh? I do have to bathe it, it has to be quite a coating.


When I pass it, I'll retrieve the item.


You know what, I appreciate that you're so accepting of everything, Febron.


I guess it's good that we left her, then.


Look, they're all dummies. They're just mannequins.


I thought you said death.


I like cooking. I think I need to cook.


All right, let's go to the store. I don't really want to drag this out any longer than we have to. And I walk out the door and start going.


I pull the chest free of Nott's hands. Is this chest glowing?


30 feet. So it’s not going to to be for a very long time. But--


I say we might as well go closest to the barracks as we can get.


In fact, quiet is the key. We used to do little whisper campaigns.


Man, Laura and Travis ain't missing shit!


What time is it now?


No. If you can be invisible, and you have a ring of mind shielding, and you can carry a bucket of pitch to that motherfucker, you can splash it on its face, cover its eyes, and it's helpless.


Reckless. That's nice. 24.


It's a poop hole!


Can I use Primeval Awareness to see if there's any aberrations, celestials, elementals, fiends, undead? Any scary things? Dragons? Within six miles. No. A mile.


Even more than that, it's the hundreds of allies we could have.


I've got a light on my stick anyway.


How old do these guys look?


Pike's buttered us up quite well.


Okay, great. This is overkill, it's 3d12.


That's for a low level.


Until I can see again.


And then Trinket is going to run up and stand next to my brother so you can get flank attack.


Is the troll just watching all of you go away?


Oh, I'm sorry. Blindness. Oh, Jesus. I never use it, so I don't know. Blindness is a constitution saving throw.


Percy, is there anything in this shop that you want in the Bag of Holding for later?


I'll go behind Percy.


I'm pushing my way through the crowd.


Cool! Hey, it's a house.


I trip and fall. Please, save yourselves! Run!


Sure. I will look up at the manticore, I'll take out my last shitty tart that you gave me, and crumple it onto the ground, and point up to the manticore and say: What did the incontinent druid say on his surprise birthday party? I'm so excited, I wet my plants! (groaning)


I don't like to lend my items out.


I think we talk and drink.


That's extra hit points, yeah?


Should I roll the other one right now? Oh no, it's just one attack, right?


Yeah, but Keg, you stay here.


When you open your eyes, I've got the thing, and I'm totally fucking with it. (laughter)


Extremely dainty.


Ix-nay on the orn-hay.


Constitution saving throw. (blows raspberry)


No, no, no, take it easy!


130 gone.


Let him know.


When's the last time you opened it?


As I do this, I go to the Bag of Holding, and I go to the Endless Rope--


Stop being creepy, Scanlan.


I like the idea of you punching this at the appropriate moment.


Before I leave, I carefully examine that statue.


Well, I do think we could use the help.


You know, we are, some of us, a self-deprecating lot. We have some skill between the four of us, but it would help a lot to know what kind of people-- not just assholes; we are assholes-- what kind of assholes we are talking about.


So you serve one.


It's up and in the chat?


I could totally parkour that.


The lights.


What happened to the deck of cards?


Beat to shit Vax on the front! It's fucking awesome!


Whoa, what did they look like?


Wait, I do have a question, actually. If you complete it, do they want you to stay?


Oh yes, I'd forgotten that. All right. She knows how much we have. We're going for a while.


No, Grog!!


There's a big party happening now!


If he tries to leave.


Kima, when was the last time you were with your Order?


Oh my god, you're going into a special section of your book. That's never good.


Can we make camp? I'm hurting really bad.


Yeah. At this point, though, if I had a workshop, I could--


And that it's in the Feywild, but nothing more.


Because eff that.


Welcome back, Scanlan Shorthalt.


Nott.


Guys, guys. We have fuck-all to do right now. We have nothing to do. What do you want to do?


What about the prison door outside of Hotis' room?


Oh, so you didn't really come to save us. You came to get the money.


Oh, we don't know, oh. He could just be reacting to the bulette.


I know, and they're all useful. No, I've got six out here.


Oh, waffles too? Chicken and waffles, that's right. Maybe someone else should be in charge of the food next time we come here. My tastes are a little--


Okay, but I did get a good look at it, at least?


Oh my god, okay. I’m going to hold-- I'm going to stay where I'm at. I've got nothing to attack so I'm just going to hold my turn until I, you know.


Nine plus seven, it hits.


We just have to march into it. Okay.


Zero.


Which you can use as a ranged attack in a 20-foot-radius sphere?


You passed by those threshold crests several times, I'm assuming.


She's Cure Woundsing me!


Yeah, so that's 17.


We were successful. I will let the others fill you in with some details, although I do-- and I'm going to double check, and I'm going to find the brief letter explaining what I've set up with Vex, although it will not have any of the reason why, but it will have at least the nature of what's been done. And we have acquired, well, Vex. Vex'ahlia, if you would.


So it works.


Tomorrow at dawn, we take the castle.


Probably! Unless he mops himself down at night.


I watch Ulog.


Constitution?!


Should we go knock on the door?


Is that going on all the time in your head?


I'm not entirely sure, but they're very, very nice.


Plus zero.


Yeah, sure, here.


Adieu.


Don't talk about Trinket like that.


They are fond of meat. Here's my idea. We stage a barbecue contest. Finest in the land! All the best barbecue will be there! And then, when they come to sample our wares, I run and you kill them.


Me? I'll go where you go, Caleb. I worry about a couple things. Yasha said she'd come back when she was ready, and if we're not here, then I don't know how she'll find us.


That's incredible! How do I get one of those?


Get that diamond out!


(sighs) Do your fucking thing, whatever. (all laugh)


No. No.


I wander over to Pike and just I grab her hand as I watch.


Probably, you made me laugh.


Plus, remember the guy was concentrating super hard, so it's the only thing Scanlan will probably be able to do.


This is the second time we have ever used Diplomacy.


Okay. All right. I reach over into Grog's belt, grab out the trammel, and the hole that's there--


He looks so stupid.


Boy or girl?


Trash person.


Oh no! Come on!


That's the most complicated sentence I think I've ever heard you speak.


Caduceus. Caduceus Clay. Pleasure. You're a lot shorter than the last one they--


Have you any management experience?


I was about to say, I don't leave Vax's side.


A lot of adventure.


Faerie Fire, right on the rakshasa.


Thanks, Jester! You're so cute. I love it.


Maybe the snakes come from the blood sacrifice.


Are there Critters in Ireland?


The ancient Sumerians would pay for sex with silver dollars.


You were the one who told me that I could not scry on Scanlan to respect his privacy so--


Wait, hang on.


38 combined, for my two. My paladin attacks.


I would see you the minute you attacked.


I would like to shoot him. But first, I'll run closer so I'm within 30 feet.


Here's the thing. Either we do this and we try and get all of them in, and then you get it at the end of your round, or else we've got one more round. Oh my god. I hate this so much!


Vex and Vax. We're having a toast to the inevitability of the cosmos.


War Caster?


I’m mad.


Guide you through.


Yeah, we need to sleep.


Oh, that's lovely.


Will it sink quickly or slowly?


You're a terrible person!


Don't worry, we can enchant his room, as well, to have an alert thing go on if anything happens in the room at night, and it would be safer. I shall be sleeping in my laboratory for the next several nights, as well.


Plus dexterity, which is six.


No. Maybe they were looking for a new environment and they found exactly what they were looking for.


Vex? Get in there! Get in there! (all laugh)


I'll get in the water.


Can I squeeze by Pike, or do I need to pick her up and move her out of the way?


You never wash it to begin with.


My deep voice!


What would the diamond be?


I'll take the two. I'll do that. And then, I'm going to spend three points to heighten the spell and that gives them disadvantage on their saving throw, so I'm going to do that right now.


Common, Celestial, Elven.


All right, so that's rolling now, that's in play.


Is there anything we can do to help?


We're playing a game of chess here, Kima, and we will win.


Ooh, I like it. Oh, Trinket!


It was super down the middle.


I'm going to keep my senses aware as possible for the signs of a mining operation.


(knocks) Victor? I've got your hand.


How about you have some water, dear.


You're my girl!


Soft earth.


But do I still have to count going negative?


Yeah but the buttons are on this side.


Wow. And so many things don't work anymore. Okay. Yeah.


(grunts) He reaches out and grabs the carpet, even though it's sizzling.


The third one, let's do Great Weapon Master.


He dies first.


I should have grabbed some of that dessert that's here.


I give him a small piece of glass from the ground and I put it in his hand, then I run up ahead.


I can melt ice.


Cooler. Cooler. (blows) And I let a little frost go from my breath.


I kind of want to rough him up.


Pike helped.


This isn't part of the show?


Oh hell yeah we are!


Oh yeah, did we kill Phil?


I guess we have to say goodbye.


They don't know!


Please. Please do.


It's not all that matters. I know that I carry your blood and that means a lot to you.


Would you like that?


I don't want to move close to it. May I hold my action until it gets--


You turned to stone?


Yep, same routine. We'll leave our weapons here. This is my friend Vex. We'd like to see Tooma again. I know it's very upsetting that we have to make these night calls like this but it's very important.


With the claw attacks, do I have two claw attacks, do I roll for both?


I'm going to dust myself off and try and just meander into a shadow. I still have Pass Without a Trace.


Mostly, except for the mind flayers. And another big monster probably, they might have--


What if the troll's not in there, though?


His move is 40.


What are you?!


Congratulations on being alive.


I think I'm going to go look for the Broad Barn


18. That's it.


And then my second attack?


We also brought home live people and also some dead people. We brought home seven dead bodies.


I pull it off.


Also, we can take it.


Let's am-scray.


Fire and ice sale.


She pointed it out, didn't she? When we were--


I do have, hold on-- I thought I had something.


It's a big if.


Could I?


Then he goes in the Pokéball!


It does smell amazing, actually.


That's what sound guys do.


Oh no, dexterity.


"I'm a ninja turtle!"


I feel lucky. 24.


What should we call back?


We need to talk to somebody. Just talk to somebody. We can walk around for another two hours and wait until somebody gets the heebie-jeebies from us and fucks us up. Or we can talk to somebody. I'm going to talk to somebody. (laughter)


Going with.


Gnolls.


On all of the teeth?


Yeah, it was kind of great.


You're welcome, internet.


And I'm going to hold my fucking attack until something comes out that I can attack.


Plus that would be giving away your hiding.


She's seen it already, brother.


It was you, Matt. It was you!


I pop Trinket out.


Something will be here.


Keyleth. She's talking about you kissing Kash.


I was about to say, carpet's a bit full.


Yeah. While all that was happening I'm halfway through, as a ritual spell, casting Find Familiar so I can change Frumpkin to something else.


Two weeks.


Hey! (laughter)


We could fight now.


Does she have a window in her room?


I'm holding a spell.


And then this is going to blow over because we didn't do anything! We did something good.


Sure. Hot tub, you know.


They can see through that.


So what time is it here?


Oh, does it? Sorry.


A nine.


That's what I'm saying. After we've destroyed the mechanism.


I'm going to use Cutting Words to try to dodge out of the way.


But then what? We wouldn't get it back.


It was just us boys--


66?


Doesn't Grog get two actions or no?


I'm going to do a Hold Person. I want to hold that guy.


Any dope bos?


Seven. No, nine.


(crashing sounds) Dammit!


We're all watching.


How far to the gate?


Zahra had first watch.


Did you know that "Heck, nah" could rhyme with Vecna? Did you hear what I said?


I have a fresh new set of six-pack abs after the last ten minutes.


I'm going to break away, I'll take the hit. I don't like attacking these things straight on.


I would actually like to know how you keep your horns so shiny and clean.


I'm going to shoot a bramble shot at her.


Okay great. Is this guy undead?


Apiece, or total?


Does anyone want to come talk to a tree with me?


No, I was giving him a shave.


That's my people.


Oh, man! Batman the Telltale series!


Yeah. I thought frenzy was also.


Yeah, let's take a... violent shot on top of that.


We know that there are members of The Iron Shepherds here, and we know they have beds here. Wait until the fall of night?


I just noticed Taliesin's outfit, by the way.


And did we find anything else, any hidden compartments or anything?


All right, I'm up.


And if it's active?


Okay, so we'll do four and four.


Well, that's wonderful to hear. I'm glad you've been entertaining yourself. I know living with Papa can be very hard, and it's been very hard on you all these years.


Yeah, what do you do, Tary?


Yeah, it'll get put up at a later time.


Yeah, do you want us to come with you or what?


Five feet only.


On all saving throws?


I'm against this.


Instead of shared, great. Yay.


It's, you know, what's-- No, I don't want to say what's the worst that could happen. What's the best could happen? What's the best outcome here?


You've just been going crazy with that Modify Memory, haven't you?


Three. All right, I pull Jimmy-John after me, and sit down next to one of them.


It's Kaylie and Cassandra?


No they're not, they're super true!


And I will use two sorcery points to quicken a spell and use my cantrip Control Flame to (whoosh) start juggling the flame that I was caught on fire with. (laughter)


How do you break free of being restrained?


Do the thing, Grog.


Can you uncanny dodge a shitty dex roll?


I think we're going to listen to your influence on this one, Jester; it is closest to you.


Everything else you said was shit.


I can do twice.


By the way, this is the best conversation we've ever had with Tiberius. (all laugh)


We get advantage on everything.


Panic attack.


Oh right. Sneak Attack you just get the additional six, remember?


It's back. It's back.


MM-hm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.


Oh, I can help you.


(counts quietly) Okay, that is 33, plus sneak attack damage, so three, seven. Shit. 18, 20. That's 40 plus four. 44.


Do you still think you're talking to my brother?


Could you and I craft something for him before the journey, like a face mask of some sort that makes him look like a brave warrior?


No, it happened when I was saving him against the Briarwoods. Two natural 20s.


But you don't remember getting them? They just appeared?


Ginger.


Oh, yeah! So now two Black Widows in the house.


I thought you said that we were taking the book.


Oh, that is painful.


I would like to rage. Rage climb.


It was a 24.


Uh-huh, which my spell DC is 19. Eight.


You get another shot, don't you?


Aww, buddy!


He can't lock it.


You really don't. You won't sleep.


You got it, Keyleth.


How far can I move?


Yeah, sure. Why not?


Three squeaks is, "My son's been compromised! Please come rescue me! I'm dying in here! Please come get me!"


He's telling her real stuff, man.


(laughs) The tree has been evaporated.


Yeah, I suppose we're doing-- yeah.


I'll take a sip to Doty. My best friend.


It's the one accent that I really have trouble with.


Hey, Travis! How is it you're on this side of the table?


Fuck. Do I see any kind of landing around me, anywhere where she can set down safely?


It came?


I'm not-- I'm trying to-- Oh my god, are you serious?


That's a good point!


No, no. If he's unconscious, he goes straight into my pokeball if I'm within 100 feet.


25. 35.


Tealeaf, you said, "It's mostly an act." What's the not-mostly part?


Before we dispel magic on her, should we have someone put her in their sights in case she gets a little funky monkey?


Halloween!


I wasn't paying attention.


Stay tuned for another episode of Critical Role.


So, you know, we talked about those posters last week. They're still in the store on pre-order. Some of them are getting shipped out right now, so you should be getting them soon.


Yeah, they're not very polite.


Not the jacket!


That's nothing, that's no numbers.


I give her a bonus-bonus action to tousle her hair. Next.


Good to see him.


It's Yorick.


I'm going to ask you a question you're probably not going to give me the truth to. Is your relationship with the Gentleman one of a debt or one of convenience?


--is 14.


It's fine! Oh, wait, that guy's cone?


Okay, as he's distracting them, get in position? Try and stealth behind these buildings?


I'm going to take one and study it.


Well, come on inside, Hilda. Let's show you around.


Nobody will know, right? Let's do it!


-- to shoot Hail of Thorns at-- directly at his mouth. I don't know, try to get him to like, do something to let go. Spit it up. It's the stupidest plan. I know. But, I'm not thinking clearly, my brother's got fucking swallowed.


Oh man, how did that happen?


What the fuck is a d12? I've never rolled a d12.


Can you bring him back? I kind of want that arrow.


Please. What's the plus to this?


(sings) I feel amazing.


I don't think you know how big he is--


Whatever night we have time, I want to keep poking at that.


What about the bracelet, you also had a bracelet with a sapphire?


I think for a day or two, everyone here is going to be very preoccupied in the city. If there is anything you are thinking of doing, it would be a good time to do it.


I mean, these bricks look so new.


We can pass it around!


22. TRAVIS 20.


I'd like to go ahead and cast Locate Creature.


You, read it.


Oh, yeah, you hit.


Were you at 33? You're unconscious.


Rise, baby, rise!


Wonders never cease.


No, but they're shiny and nice.


So many.


I'm thinking of so many other things, but I'm really trying to focus on this sword, okay? Penises, dicks. No, Sword of Kas! Sword!


Has Dr. Ripley-- has a woman come by to buy black powder, one hand, one mechanical hand, one normal hand? Mechanical hand?


Hmm. Ooh! Fjord, look in your pockets!


Should we give him a potion?


Before I reveal my cards, I have one more proposal.


Darin, it was really great having you on. Thanks so much.


Well, I think she needs to keep up her employment, right?


I haven't seen that river in two years. It's so nice.


No, I want perception.


I'm going to walk over to you and give you some healing.


Wow, you pledge your life to him? Jeez.


To the library?


So that it doesn't make a clang sound that they hear.


I think so. They were around a lot.


Not so fast, not so fast.


In case she does come back.


Do I see that?


It's a Sophie's Choice.


I want to turn into a giant constrictor.


You don't. I don't buy that face at all. I don't buy it at all!


He's taking them off the grid.


We actually don't know where the other tree is yet, that's the thing. We just know where the fruit is.


I think we're really choosing between two paths here. Either we stay in town and tinker and gamble, or we're runaways.


I'm canonically a coward! [laughter]


Just send the Thaumaturgy, then.


You've been reading too much smut. (laughter)


Okay, then five.


So I'm the next in line.


Okay, one-- and this is Smite on this. That one's a seven-- Can I put the Smite on any attack I want?


Say no.


Right-- Right.


Wow, because I really-- this is a big fight for me. I've never fought anything quite so big. Is there a chance that we might perish?


Don't say 'that's good'.


Find cover.


Okay. It's a 40-foot radius?


Oh, but I'm raging.


Well, yes, because we don't care if they die.


I want to casually look on the outside, see if it's still in business, see if it's still bustling, or if anything has come their way.


I have a question, is there any light in here at all?


If we're all running together he gets plus two from me, if he's within ten feet.


I do a little air cantrip to make the skirt poof out.


What was your question?


Maybe, you don't know.


I still have three 1st-level spells.


I was just about to make a really cool owl. Are we really? Okay.


That's like 4200 bucks! But there's more. Once we hit the 10,000 dollar donation tier level-- I don't really understand this part-- Critters will unlock a special discount code for the legendary bundle on D&D Beyond! (cheering) (laughter)


Just keep rolling 22s.


All right, forget it. Let's just go.


Next. Moving on.


Never sleep again!


So, are we talking about sending everyone we know and everything we have to the outskirts of town--


I want to say yes. I just don't know if now's the time to be demoing a new thing.


You know, medium.


He knew the location!


Actually, as part of the spell I can choose to not set the tree on fire. So I choose to spare the tree.


So no?


Oh, it's 21.


Yes, it's fucking simple.


--you!


I know, and we've had so many close calls and I feel like I just needed to tell you so you had some comfort in your person, in your body, that you knew that if--


What I was going to say, I rewind. Because you didn't let me, he has disadvantage on his save this time, because you didn't let me retroactively go back and do it.


Like Shawshank Redemption and the poop pipe.


Are you able to see a tree from a great distance?


They're just regular arrows that have a +1 to hit.


I'm going to walk across.


Shit. Did you get a commemorative tankard? Forget the watch part.


Well, he's a mad little one, isn't he?


I don't want him to eat my weasel, though. Can I hold it?


What am I trying to do? I'm trying to figure out who's behind all this so that we can keep moving on with our lives.


I'm dead.


I think that's a fair assumption.


I'm going to look out the window, as well.


There's a podcast.


Percy, what was your idea?


Everyone likes bacon. Bacon is super good.


So I could potentially grab hold of one of the pipes on the ceiling and try to move it?


Well, we're clearly not talking about a dream anymore. We all saw it. Do you have any theories?


Sleight-of-hand check? Natural 20!


How much of an age difference?


Hey, move down a bit so you're not in my way.


I thought something was wrong.


Oh no, it doesn't fuck around.


I'm going to tell them.


Passing through.


Oh, it's just the best?


Okay. I am going to use Grog's dice.


Oh, keep going.


--it can block the other half.


Remember your girlfriend in the Feywild?


She's so cool. 17.


Not a natural one.


Do you think this thing is looking at us? This little bead?


Precisely three. (laughter)


I believe it is, yes.


We short rest and get back out.


That's right, I did.


That's personal Marisha experience isn't it?


So my arrow will do much better than your dagger.


I'm not going to stand here and wait for the duergar to walk around the corner.


You're crazy.


Come on. There's been one too many "seemingly"s.


It tingles.


I could-- yeah. Wait.


And I have the Ring of Lightning Resistance.


There's no subterfuge, it might be stupidity. First one's a ten, second one was a ten, and the third one is a seven.


I mean, I don't have much. I'll walk up there, poke around the corner, shoot a crossbow bolt, do my thing. That's a big hit. 25.


Shakäste's.


I just stare with a half-cocked smile.


Card duty it is.


Seriously, like a giant scorpion would be probably pretty cool.


Whatever the opposite of standards are, I know we have them.


Can you mend the transportation circle?


Fucking try it, Pike!


It went through the head.


(gasps) It's a vault!


Really, Jester?


No, fail.


Here we go. I follow her up and I don't say anything, but I see one hand on the tree and without saying anything--


Let's see what Caleb can do with it first.


Okay. Oh, help me.


Oh, that's only a nine.


Ooh, I like this.


So we're going to a tree outside of the city?


I grab Kash by the hand and, just to him What does this mean?


This is our battle, we're trying to kill these dragons!


Should we get out? Should we leave?


Ah, no! Ahh!


I didn't give myself enough cold damage.


Okay, all right. Are there any stalactites coming from the ceiling?


Oh shit. I open my eyes.


I'm going to use my bonus action. With that momentum, I'm going to stick the staff in the ground, and use that to lift myself up and do a two-footer kick into the other guy.


Well, we should introduce ourselves, at least.


Sam? No joke, thanks for the ab workout. (laughter)


I'm going to run down the stairs to the lower level. Yeah, I'm in there.


I'm standing with Fjord, in shock and horror.


Oh look, there's a man with a gun on a flying carpet, coming in.


We all saw this?


Get on it, now.


I had a boat in one of my larger baths that I would take at night, and it would go on epic adventures through the bubbles! But never quite at sea.


I try to break the gate, I try to pull the gate! I'm trying to pull it open.


Wake up, Grog.


Mr. Owl, how many handling checks does it take--


No, she just has hearing.


How's it look?


You sound like you know about the stakes involved.


Help the city out by going to track the hydra first?


Then you'll come with us?


I volunteer as tribute!


14 as well.


Sleep in it, is what we're thinking.


He's blowing up! He's in everything now!


That won't be confusing at all.


You should roll for that. You're looking well.


We saw an imp back in Krieg's house, did it look like that?


Oh, that's where we are.


Why are they so singed? All right. Okay, let's focus up. Okay. Go on, strategize.


Clearly. Look into my eyes, we share the same goal. Half of my blood is yours. I want to kill the threat to your city and to all cities. I ask with complete humility. I know what I'm asking. Please.


Technical terms.


We were checking it out to see if it was safe.


No, I'm going to wait for Nott for that Guiding Bolt with advantage. I'm going to run towards the cart.


One foot up and down.


Well, then I won't do that. I'll cast Bigby's Hand at level seven and punch into that.


Like a breathy (grunts).


I guess talk to them, but we can't go after the Myriad; they're powerful and dark.


That is true. If they're in a train, we wait for cart number two to be in that bottleneck, and then I try to get the first two. The third one's not going to go anywhere. What we're losing is-- the more of these assholes who you used to be a part of are, it's not just the carts, it's them. They can do less to us if I hit them. But you know, it's not perfect. There's no perfect situation.


I'm a speed reader, and an average novel takes an hour to an hour and a half for a speed reader to read.


If you give us one order, we all understand the order!


Nine, 90.


Go watch it!


Oh, wow! What kills you in this game?


That's what I figured. Okay, so I'm going to use my two remaining actions to throw daggers at minotaur skeleton.


I know, but what did he do wrong?


It's like earthbending.


That is so cool.


You're going to gamble on Tiberius?


I've got to move them, right? Is that what you're saying? Scanlan? You're fine, right? Handle yourself?


You guys are the wardens!


Try to focus on the gold.


That seems a little one-sided. (laughter)


She got her equity card.


They're taking the hobbits to Isengard.


That's the leader, that's Lorenzo.


It's a cantrip and I can mend things that have holes in them.


(yells) Oh man! This is the best gift! It's the gift that keeps giving.


Where am I right now? I'm in my hotel room. Somewhere-- which island are we on? Oahu. We're on Oahu. For Amazing Comic-Con.


Did he get out?


Yeah, you just stay behind Caleb. You'll be fine.


It's six.


At the very least, we should meet all the chess pieces on the board, right?


What sort of fighter are you, Lyra?


Oh, no, but I thought it was like prone if you're standing but 15 feet if you're in the air?


I found this polyhedral vase and I had to fill it with nine pounds of dice.


I assumed you'd come back by now.


Can I - I'll just say bye to the rest of the group.


Tiberius, Percy, and I are on the carpet.


I volunteer to sleep down in the room.


Yeah, well you know for many of us, our early days are always with us. I understand.


Because we're the Mighty Nein.


That's all right.


Yeah, they're human. They can't see shit.


Wait, wait, we slam into the top of what?


Where is my spell attack--


Yeah, we do that. Definitely. 23.


Do you get cold? Yes? Or No?


Hold on, I haven't come out of the room yet, right?


Yeah, it was no problem.


We're proposing a short-term solution-- you want to get back to a position where you can grease the wheels and make money. That's not going to happen anytime soon. But you can't take care of these beasts on your own. And neither can Whitestone, neither can we.


You're supposed to churn the milk after it leaves the cow.


26 hit points.


I fly back to the others.


Next game.


Is it technically grappled?


Do you want to get on the carpet with me?


Like "Hogwarts" without the G?


It's Anastasia, baby.


Suddenly, a lock appears! Utterly pickable! (laughter)


Oh, that's not at all where I thought it was. I thought it was over by the Ashguard Garrison, but it's not. Yeah, weird. Maybe it's not connected, then. Unless there are a lot of them, the bad guys, in Nogvurot, which we could check out.


CrossFit T-shirt.


Oh, 400. Darling, remember who we are. We gave you excellent business before. I have no idea what I'm saying.


We should show them.


I'm going to keep my hand on my meager purse for the evening.


Yeah, we'll totally jaeger her if she's okay with it.


I reach up and touch my Adam's apple and (vibrating) this place is crazy. Sorry. No, you wouldn't do it? I thought you would.


(Grog voice) And I crush him into jam.


I take out my beautiful greatsword.


In order to stay alive, you need to be near the broom.


Those are definitely the caravans? The carts that Frumpkin sees are the ones that we--?


However, if I short rest, I actually haven't burnt any of my animal forms here recently and I can water elemental up, which would also permanently kill them. So I have other defenses that could still take down vampires if we encounter another one. I'm more concerned about these giants right now.


That's what I meant! That's what I wanted to say!


Regardless, it's just a story so we can get a bead on her, right?


I'm going to shoot again.


Made it 12.


One roll away from her being--


I throw myself off of things for this one, she can't give me 50 gold pieces.


I find the purveyor of the establishment.


Yeah, concentration.


There's dragon, then beholder.


Yeah, all black looks like you're up to no good.


You keep saying that!


I save so many pictures to my phone.


Add it, or take away? Because it's negative.


Grog, a little help over here.


Why don't we try pushing all four buttons at once?


Anything on the desk of value?


We should probably teach you that's not the coolest thing to do, I don't think, but it's fine that you did it this time. I'm sure he didn't feel it. But probably if we're in a place where other people are around, we probably shouldn't stab people that are already hurt.


Why do we know that he likes or hangs out with?


I'll try a religion check.


Pirates.


Send us the link so we'll play them next time.


It's going to smell like "Sephoria," I know it.


What about him?


Sure. Sure, I'm not worried.


Shayne!


I need a big hat.


Talk tough.


Good job, Nott.


All right, to the potion shop. To the Quadroads.


As we walk by, I'm playing with the wall, but I'm testing for weak spots.


Uh-huh. Underground.


Think of gold. Think of gold, Keyleth.


My theory on that subject is that she's clever enough that eyes on her would not be helpful in the first place. It's best to assume that even if we could see her that she would be tricking us over what she's doing.


How far away is it?


Wow. 26?


And that's it.


Grog is running into Toys R Us. This is going to be great.


It's not your heart I'm worried about.


Well, we're glad to have you back.


And I am engaged to be married. Yes. (cheering)


What exactly would you have done?


Individual. That blows.


Natural 20. On the first roll.


Yeah. A really large meathook.


Yeah, but. Brother--


Bonus action, I will cast Mage Hand and pull back the cloak around Shakäste's cloak, to see what's in his back pocket.


I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on the party. Everyone stay close.


Oh that's true, we have never been in a boat, yeah.


I'm just going to hit him with my claws, then.


Oh boy, guys! What did--


I was enjoying it.


Maybe it's something nice!


You win another day.


The guy that's standing.


We added some bush up here and up here-- to hide in, so then one person can hide here, one person can maybe hide here.


That we didn't research that creature.


You can take your backpack off.


Ten again.


So there's two that are trapped. I'm going to attempt to disarm the two that are trapped.


Could I talk to you for a moment?


Get ready to use your charming wiles.


It's important. I struggle with it a lot, you know. I tend to hold grudges.


And she's out!


What are we looking for at Ren's?


It is actually very good.


You know what? I bet if I pray hard enough, they will disappear. Look above you!


(whispering) If they stab through--


That was the cold thingies.


Maybe it's a skeleton key.


That's Pike, yeah yeah.


It sounds like fun.


How does Heroes' Feast factor into this? Heroes' Feast. Doesn't that guard against poison?


No, you have to do it every month, It's really obnoxious.


So I'll sing (singing) It's a sick house, it's mighty mighty, it's letting it all hang-- that's it.


He can for a while, yeah.


It's your destiny to fight the dragon, Grog.


You gotta do what you gotta do. (laughs) Sorry.


(off screen) Instajur and somebody who didn't put their name on it.


You could kind of do that.


You're not planning on going with us?


Seems like it could be this way. We'll have to band together and go forward.


I thought that was a hawk.


It's a leopard with snakes!


Well, let's get going before he starts raising this thing. Come on!


So we all kill the thing and then two of you get arrested and then the rest of us follow you?


Oh, but he's across from me, through the darkness.


Oh, Jesus. Should've healed myself. I'm dead.


Ooh! We have thunder sticks!


How long have you been in there?


A 21 and a 16.


And draw it to a certain spot?


This is where Kima’s being held.


Tell him to do the Running Man.


Daniel-san only had Mr. Miyagi.


I have Healing Words.


Every pirate needs a hat.


I don't know. This is the first time that I've ever done this, so I'm hoping that it will last a long time, at least to see you through.


The twins are being the twins, Ornna's being Ornna. But I think we can save everybody. We just need to take care of each other.


You ain't know all our characters' mothers' names, you motherfucker.


Not good at all. 14.


I'm going to try and do a quick repair to my gun, also.


Okay, okay, okay. (noises of awe)


And we don't want to rush in. We're probably going to go here, but let's not rush in. Let the quiet ones go have a look.


Because I'm wearing a Cloak of Elvenkind, which I know affects stealth checks but not--


Yeah, fuck it. I'll take all three strikes at Lady Briarwood.


Never to be heard from again because we'll forget that we have that connection. (laughter)


Mm-hmm. Okay.


As a bonus action, can I move a couple more feet? (laughter)


We'll see. The other thing is, you've done the impossible.


It's like a John Woo film right now.


This is so metal.


Thanks, Gil. Fuck you, Gil!


Yeah, before first light.


20 didn't save?


Through the mountain? Through the volcano, instead of down the top, like he just did.


Well, okay. (sighs) I don't know if this is a sensitive subject or not, I know you've been away from this for a little bit, but it seems me and my team are going to the Nine Hells. To the City of Dis. And, yeah. No. I know. We all had the same reaction. (laughs) I just, I didn't know if you could actually help me with any Infernal language or any knowledge that might help, or if you still know the language.


And you have to get naked.


...It's for your brother, so that he can help us. We're apparently all in this together.


He would have to burn a dispel at 9th-level.


That's what I meant.


Will you also someday have a Pog episode?


No, because some people need to do some work. We need to send some people off.


I'm back. What are you going to do?


If it takes 17 episodes, we will.


Not that far.


To the rift?


Was she ever there, guys?


How do you know?


Yeah. Happy birthday, Sam.


Okay. Let's go back inside the tavern, but just know this. He doesn't drink, all right?


Is that your first one?


You're wearing the helmet, at least.


Kiri? Where are you? Are you invisible?


I immediately pivot around and follow.


Ah-- this one! Don't fuck me, blue! No, that's good, plus, my athletics, right?


I'm going to bite my tongue and bring Frumpkin back.


James Cameron going down to find the Titanic.


Is my axe still in her chest?


(whispers) Grog.


Subscribe now, kids.


Spirit guardians. Okay.


Were you kidding? Are you really in The Explorers?


They would shrink to me. I'm going to re-attune my Keen Dagger, then, for the moment. So it's Deathwalkers Ward, Keen Dagger, Cloak. Three items.


This is very heavy.


People are looking for a path, they're looking for a path. And I'll tell you-- and this is true-- I did my best every town I went to and every town I left, no matter how they treated me-- and a lot of them treated me with deep disrespect.


I've only used two.


I could leave trees, too.


It's so touching and ridiculous at the same time.


All right. Just see how this goes.


19, so it hits me.


Oh, she's speeching.


One day you're going to stop being afraid of me, by the way, and I hope that day comes soon.


It's a Sphere of Annihilation.


Ja. I will hit him with some Magic M-- No. Is he within splashing range of you all? Did you just get hit?


Maybe describe it? I feel like the more we make it seem like it's valuable to us, the more they're going to ask in return. So maybe make it seem less valuable?


So now we're going to find the place where your ship wrecked, yeah?


I think so, too. Do you think he had the hots for any one of us? Do you think that's why he said this like, "I want to see you again."


Yeah. We're in for a fucki-- Okay.


Maybe we should open it.


The navigator. Sure.


I pull out the oven mitt.


I could have gotten to Yasha? Okay, then I'm going to-- because she's dying. I'm going to use Cure Wounds on her. My last spell, y'all. That is 1d8.


I'm going to use my bonus to have a greater potion. That's 4d4 plus four?


Yeah, sure. We start walking to look for her room.


Yep, there's our friends.


I think he knows that. (laughing)


Okay. I'm going to keep that roll just in case something happens.


I pull Percy aside and say, we can kill her right now.


Who-- how-- where is--


I think we're good on spiders.


Could you draw something for me again?


Still too far away.


Come here, Stubby.


Well, we'll see. I don't know.


All he hears is fart noises, and I grab her by the mouth and I drag her out the door.


Irresponsible--


Grog, how do you feel about this? I feel like you have the look--


Then I'm going to draw the cutest baby manticore you've ever seen and it's dead! I'm going to tell the Traveler: You know, I don't know what's going on. I'm just hoping that you're here because this is the farthest I've ever gone and I'm afraid that you can't hear me anymore and it's freaking me out a little bit. Because I know that I'm around a bunch of people now and I haven't been before, but I want you to know that you're still my best friend and if you want me to be alone I will be if that means that you'll be here.


Is that Zed the drummer?


Like, talking-talking, or you just--


What? Oh. No. (whispers) It's me.


Yeah, seriously. I'm so amazed with both you and Percy. You really pulled through, and we would be lost without both of you.


A death saving throw?


I can assist in your inspiration.


Three! Two! One!


If I were to use Divination soon, how long does that last?


I'll summon a--


Oh, it's so far, it's like 500 feet I believe. I'll find it.


Just one dagger?


Blue dragon scales, here you go.


Asmodeus?


I wish you could still read lips.


No, no. Poo doesn't work that way, Travis. It's a one-way street.


That's just like 2d8.


Okay, so 12, 15 points on the first one.


That's my girlfriend.


I could if I made myself look like a little teeny troll. And they would want to be friends with me.


I know, Matthew! I think it's 40. Probably.


Can we go in and out of mist form? That's a thing we can do?


See, he slipped-of-the-tongue before and he screwed us over with a sneaky-sneaky!


I just run towards the pleasant smells.


Yeah. Percy's trying to do some fucked-up shit with the skull.


Last one is a natural 20. (all cheer)


The butt flap is down!


Cocked.


K through High School.


You can still make her draw a map. I don't want to rain on your parade. I'm sorry.


You shut your damn mouth!


He had a big tiger head.


It's 2d10?


Yeah, man, it's like our own thing. (all laugh)


(deadpan) Please, whatever you do, don't do it, my god please.


What!?


Ooh, like American Beauty?


He's in there, or he's there. Not there, there. Not there, there.


Laughter during a game, what a novelty!


Ceiling and floor?


I just, under the bed!


Against Scanlan? Oh, Jesus Christ.


I have fought a giant toad creature with you. I have fought a big lion thing with a woman's face.


The Moon Weaver. A god that I've heard of once, and therefore will pledge my eternal allegiance to.


It's nice that you guys are talking about your limitations and setting your expectations before you go into this together. There's some word that you need, like a safe-thing?


Can we rest? Are we rested? Yeah, we had a night in the-- wait, no. We just killed those--


What about you? Keyleth?


She does have a fair point, though. We are a little squishy.


We'll fly up and over. You just did the same thing.


And he rolled, either Scanlan rolled a 20--


I feel like once you can turn into a dragon, things only get more complicated.


What? He can already disappear.


Yeah, I think so, too. I didn't plan it. If I had, I would have told you. And then when I saw you, it seemed like bad timing to say anything, and then things kept happening. (sighs)


Percival de Rolo, Inventor of Clipboard.


I wonder if she'll be nice and tanned.


Oh, you did say Spike. We overruled it with Fassbender. (laughter)


Anything left?


Can I pet her little head.


12. 14. Plus six is 20.


Not that, back towards you.


All right. Second one is 19.


Which person at the table, sis?


Is Sunder Peak like west or east to where we--


We have a lot of phone calls. Like I--


What does The General have to do with--


Share body heat, keeps us warmer.


Keyleth-- Or Vax, pick-- Your choice, honestly. Whoever is less busy upstairs.


Uno!


I know, he's got the raised eyebrows. I'm not sure if we should do it or not.


Does that mean he gets the three 12s again?


He's here! (cheering)


I'll bow as well.


You can crush a person, but I'm not quite sure how dexterous you are, so I don't want any fancy tricks.


There's not a lot of that in this library.


It's going to put me a lot closer to doing that.


That's our solution for everything. SAM. Yeah. I will aid.


I'm going to look like you, or you're going to look like me?


It's all stone.


No, it is a regular sparrow.


Thank God it's not me.


Don't play with it, Grog.


I have two level awesome-- what are the biggest ones?


Cleff or Cliff?


Been through a lot, been together a while.


Burn the first?


Doty? Did he build you?


(gasps) Brian Foster!


There's an arrow sticking out of my ribs.


Is Mage Armor gone?


(sighs) Fucking pussy. We have a chance to save this city now.


And I'm going to take two shots at him.


Did you pee your underoos?


That's right. We grew them a forest.


Should I do it?


Yep. Downstairs.


Take your pick.


What's the aftertaste like?


Oh, one's an archer, two's an archer, three's an archer.


Just like in Hunt for Red October?


We didn't.


Oh! I'm alone. (all laugh)


No! No.


Did you win?


What's your thing? What do you do?


I think we rest up before we do that.


Couple quick thoughts. When we tried to blow up the tree, didn't work so well. Two load-bearing beams in a closed room with no windows, so it's going to hurt us too.


Wait! Aren't you wearing the strength gauntlets?


Well, that's one method to be able to reach.


We have time. We have time.


You're not getting a tax break.


Oh, yes, here you are.


Still, then its left eye is empty.


It was Ralph's cream puffs.


Well, I'd like to come with you guys for a little bit because frankly, I don't really want to be alone for a while.


(whispering) I'm just going to stay where he is.


Remember, we don't want anybody to like him when he comes back.


Check out the D&D Beyond marketplace now to learn more and order now. And the great thing about D&D Beyond, guys, is that it simplifies managing your stats and inventory so you can just focus on creating. Creating new encounters, creating new characters, creating new monsters. And I thought I would inspire our audience by showing them what kind of-- some samples of some new monsters that they could create. Now, you could use the same old stats, but maybe you give them a little new spin or a new flair. And to help, I made some artistic interpretations of some of my new monsters. So these are some new monsters you can create. You guys have all heard of a bulette? We fought them? Well, this is a bull-ette. It's a female bullet! You can tell 'cause it's pink!


My strength is a negative one.


Percy, I think you need to give it to me to hold.


I can scry on an object, right?


Well, that was a natural 20, but 19.


Any footprints?


Caleb, didn't you want to explore that smaller tunnel?


You got hit a couple times in that last fight.


I do love you so much.


Mushrooms.


That's intelligence modifier plus proficiency bonus plus tinkering?


That doesn't hit. That doesn't hit. (laughter)


No, remember it's halved.


Get your medical kit ready.


Thank you for that. Yes! That's much better. 20.


Okay, and I use my thumb to slide some of its blood off the blade and drip it onto her eyes.


I say we move forward.


Can you prove that you know more than Ioun?


Give him the multiplier!


Yes, it's just you.


Jeez, three, eight, 16 for the first one.


(singing) We're fucked. We're fucked.


No! Guys. The evening is our-- what do they say about things like that? The evening is our oyster. Right? Isn't that what they say?


In theory, I'm able to sense my Hex.


Trust? Vex, listen to me. What did you see?


We haven't agreed to it.


I'll buy you a new robe.


The three of us. Nott, if you could be outside, letting us know if any crownsguard or other surly types look like they're coming in to raid the place, you send a Message, and then you two run interference if they actually make it inside the doors, in case we haven't made it out yet.


Sticky butt. Peel off, peel off.


Do you want to go with him to the enchanting place or do you wanna go somewhere else?


Why are you all cheering?


Trinket doesn't even know, and he knows everything.


Can I assist him with a skywrite 'Strongjaw'?


We're really right in the middle of something.


We were in the caravan, we heard you guys fighting.


Yeah, we're literally back here as a safety net, so don't fret.


We haven't done anything.


Did you just do that at home with a--?


(chanting) Grog, Grog, Grog.


How about we rest, we put the Horn in the bag, we wake up Kima, we go, "Oh, we brought you back, sorry we don't have the Horn. If we did, what would you do with it?" And then we decide what we do.


How long do they last?


What does restraining it do?


It sounds kind of like--


Is that a crownsguard?


Can you move while you're not blinked, by the way?


Yeah, can you make us invisible?


Oh, just before dusk.


He shattered them. Fuck.


Is it underneath the Sun Tree?


We'll wait until we're a little closer.


Persistent rage, baby.


Regardless, I'm blind regardless.


Can I go over to them and see if I can find some books I think Percy would like?


I mean, that would have killed us right off. Straight up.


Matt, I don't know if this will happen in time, but what I tell him to do telepathically, because I should be close enough, 100 feet, is to go in here, through this door that's open, and over the door and down the back, and once he's out of sight, I will poof him out, if that works. They might hit him before it happens.


Oh, no, I have Nugget with me, weasel's little Sprinkle.


Okay. They both hit.


I never would have known.


(sighs) You know, maybe we should have-- you know, let's just try one more time.


Could you ring up Tiamat and have her help with this dragon thing?


Really don't Google that.


It has set, okay.


Eee! 26.


Grog, say the bloody words!


Yeah, you. Big white tiger?


Yes. One of them is filled with crazy dwarf cannibals. And the other one has ice mud that can heal you.


Should we hop the fence?


Yes. I pull out my own wire and I aim towards Ophelia and say: Miss Denzala, we require a few moments on the side of the road here.


We haven't gotten to the False Serpent yet, this is the Warden!


Don't break it!


Are you serious?! That's even better!


I said hinky. 18.


Well, that's just pedestrian, really.


Committed as much to memory as possible. Let's go.


I'm so sorry I missed it. And I hope someday we'll sing together, in a drunken stupor together. Maybe that will remind you.


Shit, and it's 8d6, 9d6, 10d6, 11d6, 12d6! But halved. Okay, 14, 25, that was good. 40.


I'm at 19 now.


Don't be ashamed if you don't.


Listen, I would not be sitting here if it were not for you. Do whatever you like.


You look pretty convincing. How do I look?


Okay. I want to kind of duck down. Do I still get to move Trinket at all?


Yeah! Can I get a CritRole?


You're too scary right now, Matt


Well, that didn't go like I thought it would.


I feel like you're a very specialized sort of buyer, is all.


Let's take the next one.


Whitney de Rolo. Ludwig de Rolo. Oliver de Rolo.


What am I looking at?


Life goals.


Where are we telling people to go?


Fuck Clarota. Smoke that dude.


Oh god. Okay, I drop form.


In the original Zimean--


And maybe more?


Do we have a name of this ship?


Can you heal yourself without the potion?


Kooky zany.


Okay, we should all put on black armor. Does that matter?


Yeah, right? I figured if anything was going to hit me in the head, it would hit the jug first.


They're going to look out for themselves, and you're probably-- I'm sure you're right, they want these dragons out, but they will do-- they will preserve their own existence, and there's a possibility that bowing before these beasts will preserve their existence.


We should get out of the room.


Yeah. We're talking about the Eisners this week. The Eisners got announced all in-- a couple friends of the show.


We just drank it out of the bottle.


No, I feel perfectly justified.


There he is. He lands on Molly's horn.


Beyond homeless, they're going to probably have to run, so any money we give them will be money they will use to get out of town. To go somewhere else.


Yes, that's how I know you can afford us. (laughter)


I want to see that artwork.


I'll do one more Sanctuary on myself! That's my last spell.


That sucks!


Oh fucking shit, yes, may I please?


If we want to wait a few minutes, I could do a Commune With Nature.


(exaggerated coughing)


(whispered to Laura) You're better at this than I am.


Well, we all did. But it wasn't this big.


Unconscience?


They're inside the--?


You watched Galaxy Quest.


So we were going up a tunnel?


She needs to rest, anyway.


I can't see the dragon anymore, right?


Oh, I never heard that one before.


Should we put it here, to narrow the passage?


I'll just kiester this one.


Oh, no. Wait, wait, wait! No, leave it! Put it back, I want to do this properly.


I go back and forth with it.


We're out of the portal.


I lied; I had way more in there than that. We just got fucking-- (exhales deeply)


How about I'll give you two, and I'll keep one since I already have one that I made.


Yeah, today's pretty cool too.


This all sounds very complicated to me. I am personally of the opinion that we just let everything go.


Grog, can you get this door open? (laughter)


Do we have a bunch of mirrors? Or where we can look through things with reflections.


Are we each taking 100 gold?


Oh, god. Do I have to roll disadvantage?


We have cubbies!


What's going on there, Grog?


Oh my god, that's bad.


It is a protruding large slab of stone and not a big-ass mouth or anything like that, right?


(whispers) Look, Percy, I found a key!


Oh no, that's my turn now.


(counting) 21 plus 14. Help me. 35?


How's it feel to knock a man down from his tower?


We don't just lose it.


Okay, yeah, sure.


Two ones.


I go into the water to look for her.


Yep, just deep-throated it.


I turn to the Arbiter.


You are special.


How about we stick to the level we're at?


How do we get back?


Because it's not magical?


We could probably divvy up the equipment at Pumat's. He won’t ask any questions.


Can Pike do something?


We need to get a slightly longer list, and we have to start begging. We are going to owe favors. We are going to owe our lives. We are going to lose.


Oh, I can help you. You want me to heal you?


The Molly problem was a hiccup. Seems kind of cold. Anyway.


A one, no.


Yasha's leading the way?


No, no, don't kill him, he's precious.


At the level two-- Oh sorry, go ahead.


I need that one! Oh my goodness.


Come on, golden child. I want the Pike.


How big is the black dragon?


I'll take the long way around, this way.


He's fucking strong.


We haven't looked at the spa since we destroyed it.


I can't read your dice at all.


My bad.


Can he do a one-space move without an attack?


(yelps) I'm too smart again! (laughter)


All right, now what?


I think we're going to have to do a little more research, but I'm feeling pretty good about our prospects.


Were you guys ever playing during the D&D scare of the '80s? Whatever that means.


We stumble downstairs.


The cereal shiller has a point.


There are four globules of light slowly circling around.


Okay. I'm invisible, so I have advantage?


Get this shit off me!


Well, what if something grabs you from the shore? Like a troll.


Yes, I'm sorry. Okay, 12.


I think this will take a while. Let's.


But you remained pretty much unscathed.


Holy shit, you have so many hit points.


I don't think it matters what he turns into, I think people will be able to tell the aura that he carries with him.


Can I make it Reckless?


17 hits. And the second one is 15.


I do, and for the record, I'm on board for now.


What? Cast what?


We've only been gone for what? 24 hours?


Or do you want him to be a donkey, something we can move. Milk cows are slow.


Thank you. I'm going to tinker a very little, easy thing.


I'm going to move between my two favorite ladies.


Nice pen or anything?


I didn't get drunk at all.


Tary's a big boy.


Can we do some recreational drugs or something? Take the edge off?


I'm the only one not in chains! I'm the only one who can! It's bullshit!


Well, not that, no. I'm talking an actual like ability to tell lies better. Something that would up her maybe charisma?


It's the same thing, so it's 13.


To insult his penis size?


Ugh! What the fuck is wrong with you?


Who's he talking to?


I don't know why my sister is firing at me, but I would like to use Uncanny Dodge or Evasion, whichever is applicable in this moment, so I don't get hurt.


I was considering it, it's just not what I wanted to do. I'm going to cast Dispel Magic on the storm above me.


I saved you!


How far is the closest little island of remaining structure that you referenced?


Hello, Lady Kima.


Should we vote on it then? Grog, do you want to go kill something big and scary?


Because the rest of us are under arrest.


I support.


Do you remember anything, Shaun?


Clarota?


We wouldn't have gotten this far without you.


It just makes us seem like assholes, because we're like (grumbles). I want to go in a little bit and ask around and see what people think of her.


Oh! Wonderful. Clarota, do you want to suck her mind?


Huge long shot probably a no, but do I also see anything about the Cobalt Soul here?


I left a little something in there for him. Time doesn't pass, right? Does time pass in the locket?


I used to run up and down these stairs late at night.


I think I wasn't even supposed to get three-- I'm only supposed to get two because it's a level three.


(quietly) Grog.


I think it was more like 72, Matt, let’s be honest.


Hey Caleb, you got a second?


Can I? Is that allowed? I don't really know.


Do I see any, like, Clasp markings on him at all?


We're getting out of his store front.


I'd like to stay there, I'd like to stay in those areas.


Well, are you in disguise yet, Percy?


Two lair actions.


This is Captain Tusktooth. He runs the ship.


Oh god, here we go again.


I'm just going to tuck it--


Girly scream.


That was my hasted action. I'm going to stay here and fucking hug Vecna's face.


It does look like mithril, doesn't it?


I've got a tiny announcement, which is Ant-Man the movie is really good. If you like Ant-Man the movie, you can hear me as Ant-Man, being not nearly as funny, in the pinball game. I'm not nearly as funny as Paul Rudd.


Such cool characters, guys!


Nott, team up with Caleb.


He's really irritable.


Bladegarden?


Damn, maybe we should've thrown a blanket or something over it.


A walking coat rack, that's what Trinket is.


To the mines, then, yeah.


Yes, we are super powerful. They're strong, we're smart, let's do this.


Better? Well, I don't like anybody going up.


Hey, come here! And I grab his face.


How are you doing, man?


Oh yeah, it's right on the edge.


Tiberius, my dagger. Do the dagger.


Yeah, you definitely have sea creatures that haunt your dreams.


I'm fucking pissed.


Does the little seed of light given to my sister look anything like the little seed that Scanlan and Vax saw from riding the shadow creature in the sky?


We got to go back to the Tri-Spire? Which we can do.


What did you have to drink last night?


A poor man could buy half a cloak. Half a cloak between them.


And that way it’ll be down there, unconnected to us just in case someone finds it, and if they do, we’ll know the minute they touch it.


What does a black ooze do?


Not right away. If he comes up out of the ground, it will be here waiting for him in a day or two.


She has immunity.


I would like to cast Intimidating Presence on Fern the Fucknut.


There's been a lot of fore-pony, but we need to get to the actual-- (laughter)


Oh, that's dark.


I'm just offering something medicinal.


It was the Restless Wharf.


I'm curious how much of this Hunter's Bane I can actually be using right now.


Vax. Is he going to help dig the trench?


Grenade lobbed in by Foster at the last second.


I want to go upstairs.


Should we sleep?


That is successful.


Bye loves.


If anyone donates after and we go offline, I'll make sure these guys get the messages and they're aware that you donated. Thank you all for tuning in. You guys are killer. Killer show.


If I could even climb up on it, that would be very cool.


Maybe lower, go lower. [cheering]


How many of those fuckers does he have?


Just look for magical shit.


We don't want to make too much of a disturbance here.


It's classic, really.


We won, we won!


That is probably it, I would--


Hell yeah. I was going to say  sentinel, I don't want him getting away. Hm, 15. No 16! 16.


I think we could perhaps just erase the memory of where we put it.


Bren.


I mean we decided to--


Make peace! (laughter)


That's Vax.


Well first and foremost I'm going to get on the carpet.


What? I'm super brave and hung, come on, let's do this. (all laugh)


150 gold. Sure. Only because Percy gave me a look. You know what-- yeah, okay.


I did it before, but I don't think I really did it.


Yeah, what sort of game is it that you are running?


All right, I got the eight here.


We have a beautiful piece of leather. We also have some fine tapestries. We have a safe. We have many things.


Happy Father's Day.


Well, I think I was at first shocked, and I feel like I need to apologize for my trepidation and wariness at first.


Are you a bad guy?


(loudly) Ah, what a day, am I right?


Nope. You are incorrect.


You know, like a pointer.


I bet you one gold he's a vampire. (laughter)


Yeah. About that.


Don't get too close, he might just suck in your brain.


I'm on it, Vax.


If you take a potion, you're full. Right? Don't you have your thing going, or no, is that gone?


Should we ask it questions or something?


Anything in particular that caught your eye?


I feel pretty encouraged.


As she starts to roll up I go  Hyah! And just take off.


Am I able to move somewhere where I can see them?


No, I'm serious. I'm going to die right now.


I was just curious if you guys had a chance to think about the alchemy workshop that we talked about before, or if you maybe had any alchemy books that came in that I was requesting?


I saw her. But I did not ask her name.


I think we should go down below the bridge.


Where will you sleep?


We've got to do all three heads.


I try to move some snow around and try to block it.


Can I cast Hunter's Mark on him?


(sighs)


Oh, we're opening the door?


That's going to be some insane audience.


That's nothing! Six damage.


Is that a term?


I have no internet right now. I rolled a six, and I don't know what my con is because I have lost--


4d10.


It's in four days.


Did they not clean when they bought this place?


God damn, he's going to end the game!


It just says we get one meeting, I don't think it's been "sheduled" yet. Should we go "shedule" it?


It was real pretty.


They do know we're here.


I'm also going to activate the secondary mechanism in the Diplomacy glove.


It's an hour.


I think I could freeze about five-foot, that's the amount I can do.


So we hope.


Keyleth, what if you fudged it so the cliff--


You said there's no acridness?


No, but he's right inside the cave, what if he knows things? The sphinx!


This fucking sucks.


I was going to try to sneak in a few bullets during that time.


There are firbolgs in this group, too, that need help.


Yeah, total of 16.


Oh, damage?


And I’m going to step out, look left and right. Okay. And then, going off what Grog was saying, I’m going to walk behind Grog and I’m going to do Stone Shape. I’m going to blast a door into that wall, blast a giant hole. Yeah.


Oh, that's right, Doty. You're new. You're new Doty.


Oh! Well I've got some of the great swag that you can get in a Loot Crate. Why this shirt came in one last week.


It sounds better in the original Infernal. (laughter)


(meta-gaming pigeon coos)


Does that contraband include high-quality paper and ink?


You're traveling with some of them.


That is manly.


No, it's more east.


I mean, (snoring)


It has been a long road. Keyleth, I know you have had a hard time. We all have. I know we're miles below the surface of the world. But we're together. We are family. And everyone here is here for you as you have been for us. Now, I say we camp for the night inside this schmuck's tent. We stay here, we rest up, sleep on it, and see how we're all feeling in the morning. We're here for you, Keyleth, and we'll protect you as you have protected us. You've got a family with us.


(singing) From a distance, the world is...


Okay, here we go.


We're as surprised as anybody.


Slightly nervous.


Well, you could do a lot with a seal from a lord. A lot more than claiming an assassination attempt. Just throwing it out there.


I throw ten gold at him right now, just in lieu of-- I throw ten gold.


I'm gonna dispel my light spell.


How are we going to get him out of those flames, man?


Travis has been looking online. He wants his own axe.


I could Invoke Duplicity in there and then Inflict Wounds with my duplicate.


Has anyone stopped to wonder why we're all still alive?


I mean, to be fair, we did steal a carpet once.


So we can fit in?


57.


I'm just watching. And I turn to Scanlan Two and say: So that's a gloomstalker.


Thank god. Okay, 18.


And on the third one, I cast enlarge with the Titanstone Knuckles,


I roll a d8?


It's not really that much of a secret.


No, no, no, do it!


Nobody saw anything.


Let's just make a decision right now to leave Grog and continue on.


And right before I swan dive, I go-- I yelled-- Or, before I transformed, I yell to the party, go! Get away!


Party's left.


Do you want to talk to them?


I have been sort of shadowing Grog for a couple of days, 'cause he doesn't have any gnomes to hang out with.


Let's put something living inside of there and wait ten seconds and then take it out and see if it's still alive.


Is this the highest?


But Oskar.


Yeah, at least it's going through. Like, we won't have even gotten through--


She's the best. (laughter)


Molly! Molly!


Add my history. 20. Total of 20.


Oh you mean like right now? Yeah, don't do it right now.


Little overwhelming?


(to the tune of "Breaking the Law") Regular roll, regular roll.


For his own protection, but that's hardly a matter anymore.


Tooma, just in case something happens and a big red dragon comes to pick a fight, everyone hide. Get out of the way.


Also Beau crushed her windpipe.


But you get amazing storms, right? Thunder, lightning.


But Trinket!


Roll again, because you might get natural 20!


All right, we'll wait for you.


But you two, Kerry, are very loud. Is what you're saying.


Did you make the--


No, I insist.


I find grass!


You've been here before?


Do I know anything about the Feywild?


(whispers) Okay. I don't trust this guy.


Yeah we all look nice enough, they might let us in. If not, let's all go--


Now that I'm seeing how good I did on Beau, I'm realizing how shitty Caleb is, but I'm not going to tell him.


No lentils, right?


Oh no! (Travis imitates wood breaking)


We had quite the adventure, actually. I know people were hurt, but that was really something.


Solid, or bars?


There's nothing that doesn't mean it's a pact.


That I'm not good at apologies?


She's lost weight! (laughter)


Those are just more things to fight.


I'm not going to get close to him. I'm going to back up a bit. Just back up in the middle of the room. I'm going to keep going.


I'm sorry, I have a simple request.


I think it's as long as they're within 30 feet, it's like a field and you can say yea or nay. That's my view.


Question, sorry. What happened to the big mind-control device? Is that disabled?


No, if I'm an earth elemental, I can earthglide. I do still have that.


Vex or Vax?


That seems unnecessarily adept.


I turn to Grog  They're all yours, buddy!


You said, "How much?"


We should tell Tooma that--


I draw out, really quickly in the snow--


Can I use War God's Blessing again? I use it every turn. Every round.


Well, we can do Hallucinatory Terrain, and if we run into the lycans, all we have to do is say we did it.


Do I have advantage or anything?


Do I lose another spell for that, or is that just the same--?


And I get closer. Pour some Scanlan on you!


I'll have ten minutes of silence.


I've got the last flare from Whitestone from all those years ago.


Well, we're obviously not in a huge rush. We have not explored all of this.


Where did you go to get that?


Oh, this bulge down here?


Raishan?


Oh, I could be small! Oh, wait.


Yeah, how many shirts do we have left?


Hex moves over. And I'm going to take a shot to try and drop him. I'm going to take a grit shot to drop him.


That's embarrassing.


I'm sorry, Little--


(sings) Telling a story!


Okay, so save that one for when he's real fucked up. Percy and I had a thought for Grog.


Plus bloodseeking, which is 10 damage, plus Hunter's Mark, which is a six, which is 3.


Where were we meant to stay? Where are the other crew staying? On the ship or on land?


Okay, wonderful, wonderful. So, let me see here. This is fun.


I would try it out, but I don't have the broom on me right now, so.


(Slavic accent) Oh, well, okay. I'm just, you know, a little blue tiefling, that's all, with blue hair. And I'm wearing a pretty cute dress, that's all. And I'm having a good time, you know? We're just having a good time here at breakfast.


They're beautiful, and at the ball, I present all of these to you, and each is just a bit individual. And they are crested in the gems and in the dragon scales to give this color wheel of the red, the white, the blue, the green.


(laughs) No.


That's the way you do it! Thank you. Oh my gosh, you guys.


Or you can fly me.


It's like being in New Orleans for the weekend, every meal is going to come with something alcoholic.


I put it in the box.


You're going to make me change the Sharpshooter thing by the end of this round I get the--


I don't give a shit what you--


Nope, haven't had a minute.


(whispering) This is the Astral Sea.


(angrily) No, it's fine!


That would be permanent.


Possibly not. Seems like you have your hands full right now. I was hoping to, at the very least, get a professional opinion about something.


I want to back away! Did he already use his reaction at all?


So find out if he's in there.


Wow. Can I Hunter's Mark the baby?


Yeah, you're pretty bad.


Oh! I'm conscious!


I know, it's like, just in case, I will be the one to miss. And that's six plus one ice, so that's seven damage.


Six plus two.


Is that a--


Can I hang a right and go down that other hall?


Well I go down and I grab Pike then and I go up on the broom.


All right, let's go pillage! I'll start looking around and looting.


What, now?


Well, yes, if we want to recover all our abilities for tomorrow.


No! Not me-- (all laugh)


We have to find the prison, find out what it is, who runs it--


No, it's a plus one because we took a short rest, right?


All right, keep going.


(mumbles, makes spell sounds, returns to normal voice) I would really appreciate it if you mentioned that to Allura. I'm trying to get into her good graces and whatnot.


I'll roll for Jester. Terrible.


Nice! 25.


Is Kevdak known to ever wander off by himself? Does he take interest in his subjects to where we could corner him alone?


Rockcaller. Rockcaller. Oh Jerry! How you been? How's the kids?


Well, some of us can, right? By looking at him, how much can he carry? Or she!


For the gentleman that I'm facing right now, I would like to take my first swing.


Yes. Once they're all in there, we block them in.


There are two guards guarding the docks, there are two people on the ship of Avantika's bo-- of Tiffany's boat. On the de-- You get what I'm saying? The deck of the ship. Of the boat.


A sphincter is your butthole. Not who we fight, but when you go--


What is it?!


Pretty sure it's already been cleaned out.


Yeah, that's weird. Do you want to play cards?


It's good to know that that's there, though.


Do the doors go in or out, that I'm by?


It's funny, that whole list... it seems like we've done all of it.


Do you like weasels?


Are there people around?


(laughs) So do I, for some reason.


You've squeezed all you're going to be able to get out of that.


It's so cool.


(gasps) Can I use Mending on it?


Holy shit, we lived.


Wait, Laura, what did you get?


What's home?


I think that's a good place to start. However, if you wanted to test your strength I would be very careful! Remember it was an intake, so you could get down there and all of a sudden the suction and the water would make it very difficult for you to back out.


That is, yes.


You are right over him.


I learned from you guys. I learned by watching you! Yeah, I played one... what do you call it, a one-off? It was a three hour one-off.


(yelling) I'm going to attack it!


All right, then I'll handle the guy up front. I'm going to go for his guts. I'm going to go low. One, two, three right in his guts. First attack. Hit, way hits; that's a 30. And the second attack is a 24, and the third attack is a 17.


I have it?


But you're from the Menagerie Coast, that's when you guys met.


31 for me.


And we may start inviting tinkering artisans every year for Whitestone to come show off things that are not necessarily useful, but to show off fanciful inventions and things that are beautiful.


It's a boarding sword, it was one of those little curved swords.


Yeah, and I don't think that Spirit Guardians doesn't go down when I go unconscious.


Oh. Okay. That's not as bad as I was preparing for.


Yes, it was. 21 for me.


Which one is the fancier of the two?


And then I've got bonus, and I'm doing sharpshooter again. Thank god I did because that was a terrible shot. That's 14.


I think Matt had things printed in a 3D printer for this, so it's pretty, pretty cool.


Dodge and pick up my weapons.


I think we need to roll a brother sister contest die.


Bitches in lava, bitches in lava.


My big question is, what am I going to do with my guns?


Brilliant.


We have chained him.


As I reach up and I grab his hands as well!


And make sure you're not going to hit Jester or I in any of those hits either. That will kill us.


Can I take out my bloodaxe and go up to the magic barrier and hit it as hard as I can?


Boy, is it efficient! Everything I want is now in condensed--


Just keep him around.


Against the one right over Fjord. So that is, Scheisse.


Yes. Come on.


Right. Yeah, that'll do. 32 to hit.


Your companions. Not to bring up sad times. How long ago did they go away? Perish?


You can grow it back, Grog.


I mean, can I quickly cast Protection from Poison on Trinket?


Wait, what tattoo was it? You're Uk'otoa?


I nudge my brother.


With Bane?


Nothing out of the ordinary, no movement, nothing. It's safe.


I go ahead and I take a piece of paper from my spellbook, and I take a piece of charcoal, and I just scroll over top of it.


Flying close to the ceiling, stealthy.


Maybe it happened in the fight.


Adds strength. Check. 15.


(voice cracking) Don't do that to us, Pike!


With you, Grog?


He rolled a 12 and a 13.


My first attack is a serious fail. My second attack, though, is a 25.


If we go to the right or the left, we have to cross these webs? Or no?


That's a good price. Nott, how are you doing?


(laughter) That tickles.


This changes everything. I'm changing the research focus in the library specifically to things on this subject so that we can more focus.


The horn is the goal.


He's Mr. Clay.


Marishative.


Wait, you're married?


I think they're about to get naked.


I've mastered standing so still.


I made a holy hand grenade. (laughter)


Huh? Damn.


Eight plus my proficiency modifier plus my dexterity modifier.


Ooh! Because you're a lady.


No? Okay, never mind.


21 halved?


I want to move and flank him a little bit if I can. Get on his six. The other way.


Where are the other two entrances to this cavern?


I would have gone with the tower.


Be a pity not to have one more.


In gator.


Oh, I did that already. 23.


Do I see anything cool about the rubies? Do I also see the little (scratching)?


Let's get in quick and then cover it. We go fast, go in.


I know that, but no one camouflaged the explosion of fire that lit up the cave.


Right now, pre-order.


How tall is this person who's just died?


You want to go to the library?


Needed that.


Grog die! Yes! 21!


Oh god. Nine, twelve.


If we unfreeze them, they could help us.


What, like, so if we hit him, does he wake up?


I'm talking about your goddamn antlers. Jeepers. Off I go.


Oh no, whenever you like.


So I'm going to try and lower that 18.


(laughs) You picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue.


It's okay, I have one spell slot left, it's fine.


It shoots out anyway?


Is that the fly?


I love your joy sounds!


Can we get a show of hands for everyone who got max HP this level-up?


Is this still the Underdark?


Gilmore said to be careful of it.


Is it the final boss?


And this creature itself? A horn devil?


You can just go with Nott.


The Timalt Store House.


Fill me up. Oh wait, you want me to go first?


I rolled a, oh that did fine. It's a 27.


It's literally in my other car.


Dang!


Oh, we're trying to be inconspicuous?


Shouldn't we just go to the Toya tent?


Three, all right.


Hey, do you want to help me? I think there's one of those wooden naked ladies on the front of the ship but I can't really see.


In the Fey world?


Yeah, they have to move away.


Matt, though, but what are we going to do with the minutes while we're not on camera right now? How do we fill the airtime?


I sheath my daggers.


There's more coming, dear.


It’s a little much.


We used it. Kind of.


I managed to get it stopped--


I say, you will stay here, and you will kill a white dragon.


No, no, no. After you, dear. After you.


I have my advantages still. So I'm going to lead them to the closest well.


There's a lot of reasons.


30?!


Maybe, yes. (electricity noises)


There you go, Grog.


I'm making a camo canopy for the boat.


I mean, we're rectifying it right now.


Like when a doctor hits you and your knee jumps?


(gasps) Oh no, that was my big fancy one.


You're not there, Drunky.


I'm going to let Scanlan sleep a little bit more, because he looks fucking exhausted.


God damn it. To Vasselheim!


It's all for color, for the book, you know.


I almost had an aneurysm.


Bacon. I want bacon.


Couldn't afford a root canal?


How are the weapons holding up?


Yes, hold the people back.


Awesome. I had a Percy-roll! And he hates me for it. How long will it take me to make a Daylight scroll?


Is there anything--


I deserved what happened below the table. Last weird question, would it be possible-- could I basically just make a bag of air that we could carry that she could breathe in and have to breathe it in before casting the spell. Is that nuts?


There was something about that coffee cup being there. There we go.


Apparently I'm looking it over.


You told me it was cherry wine.


I can light it up in here if we want. Or do we want to?


For the record, I think she'd be fine, too. But we could bring her around and introduce her; it could be like Weekend at Bernie's. (laughter)


Oh, you can't fly all of us, can you?


Should I do Pass Without a Trace, because they might have some inkling suspicion that we're on--


Can I see them at all from the roof?


We just got here and then you started talking.


Ugh, wish Pike were here.


We have diplomatic immunity.


I think I had one of those this morning. [laughter]


Oh, watch out!


Thirty... thirty-ish. I mean, I’m not here, but --


Whoa! Oh my gosh. Where are we?


Can I look at them since I'm proficient in medicine?


The estate? What would we do there?


All right, the rules  Everyone gets one jump to be officiated by--? Who? Sarenrae?


I feel like the first thing we need to do is go see our father.


We're all over ten, though. That's pretty good, guys. We should be proud of that.


Did you really puke, or did you fake puke?


If you want to save her on your action, go for it.


It is sad when ships sink.


Fall back into place? Why? What?


That's cutting-edge technology in this day and age.


No, we're doing it.


Well, we're in New York, I don't know if they have Costco. Sam's Club.


This is a group of people I see more often than any other group.


Might be no one home.


(whispering) Hey, Matt. How much damage did I take?


Yeah we are--


I'll take next watch, too.


Hello. Vacation Scanlan here. Couple questions. By the way, was he one of the ones who fought in there?


I walk back over to Caleb.


Oh god, my throat's a little tight.


Then I will use my movement to get over to the corner near Fjord. If I could get around it, I would, but I'm sure I don't have enough movement.


He's so excited about that temple.


It's been a little crazy, actually. We were hoping that maybe we could seek your aid? Please?


No. It's more of a personal thing. I want to make sure it doesn't get into the wrong hands.


I'm going to, I guess, stay far, far back. Just watching from a hidden position.


We'll fly through it; it won't work.


Do we know anyone else that's important?


Plus Hunter's Mark?


Do you see anything cool there?


(laughs) That's a 29.


Monk shit!


Can we barricade the cellar somehow?


You notice we tend to make a lot of people cry?


At this point, I walk up to you and I say-- oh, no, I walk up to you. I say: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?


Maybe you can ask where the thing is in the mine.


Thank you. These swords-- you buy a drink and we'll see.


Hey, Vex. Can any of us sense a dragon within six miles of here?


It was interesting going to the Temple of the Raven Queen. She seems... very interesting to me.


19. Add that d4, motherfucker!


I'm going to start-- I've kind of cleared out around the roots.


I know, why doesn't she get to talk to the Lawmaster?


How long has your husband been missing?


You don't crit on a 19?


Get the whole animal collection. Actually got them, the whole set.


That's 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, that hits.


(gasps) It's water down there?


Say no more. I'm in.


Maybe we all sit around and talk about our feelings.


Caleb, Caleb! They have rambutan, they have lychee, they have jackfruit, they have all sorts of different fruits.


I don't think so. Who has low AC that could use it?


We leave the toilet behind and we run in.


That couldn't have worked out better.


I was kidding. You shouldn't actually drink that.


Fuck it, bonus action, I'm putting on the mask and standing my ground. Fuck it.


Hey, get away from him, man!


I feel like that was the red stones or something from before.


How high am I?


I run up and I cast Cure Wounds on him.


Am I with you, Jester?


I'm going to run over to-- oh shit, the imp is still over top of Fjord.


I'd love to take one of my goodberries to draw one of the birds and see if I might talk with it and see if it could tell us anything about before.


Respect management.


It's inside of it, I would assume, right?


Okay. Sure. I will stumble forward. I will head towards Molly because I'm going to follow his fluorescent purple coat.


He could change this.


I'm felling the tree? Okay. Is this a strength check?


Fuck. Okay, I will also cast Guidance on Grog.


So we're on the right road.


This city's awesome!


If you have any inspiration, I'll also take it.


'Cause he confused you, right? And you just hari-karied off the hole?


Ah! Fuck you!


I mean, I have--


But do you see it?


That's way better than a two.


But I do see an entrance?


Someone stay watch. We're going to go this way.


Here you go, boss.


Let's say no.


I'm not saying I can't be bought--


No, it makes me nervous, Scanlan. I want to keep our... eyes on it. (laughter)


I remove my little mask, and then just go (eating noises). (laughter)


Well, yeah, just the once, actually.


Wisdom saving throw.


One less.


How do I handle that?


That's what Grog is for!


You fucking piece of shit!


I catch up to Tary a little bit and I go, hey! Are you special in some way? Is there something about you that's magical and special?


All right, scrying on Briarwood. Oh, she rolls.


I haven't talked to you very much lately.


The tower. We've asked about Sabian. We've asked about Marquet. We've asked about the Marius guy. We need to ask why we came here.


That's for your wisdom.


Oh, 11.


Yay! Give me your shit. Okay, second one is a 24.


And then we all lay down and go to sleep!


Ho ho ho!


All right, well, let's go back inside.


Okay. Then I will bolt, bolt, bolt.


Oh, right. Yes, correct. Yes, let's inspect the other three.


Seven from-- without the short rest, so it's been seven?


I love that everybody was up here bickering and Pike just went "hm." (laughter)


I thought that went in the coffee.


All right, then I shoot him straight in the eyeball.


Fuck. All right.


Did he just break it, is that what Caleb saw?


Yeah, they're the Righteous Brand. I remember maybe a tenth of that. I assume border tensions are pretty high.


Delilah's down.


Do you have to take it if you use Luck?


There is a water snake, which is kinda what I'm basing this off of.


(baby-like wailing) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme]


Okay. Yeah, second door on the right, and I'll put my ear against the door.


It's not fair.


I still think you're really cool.


As she does this, I notice everything, and I sit down.


(eating noises) This isn't so bad. (farting noise)


To hold some stuff?


He was trying to figure out a way to say it.


Let's look through your shit. Scanlan.


Is he rooted?


--take this!


Wait, we didn't make it into the - was there a structure that we could have entered?


All the way up to the head this time.


Is that true? It seemed pretty true.


How much are they each, 1500?


Yeah, what about a second opinion? Like one time it was really burning when I was peeing, and the guy's like, oh, eat this and it'll be fine, and I was like, mm, I'm gonna get a second opinion.


Maybe we can save you a bottle of it when we open it inside. We'll give it to you later.


Tiberius has got something for us, right?


Goose-stepping?


Hm? We have a dragon who's going to go pick up a giant package of whatever we give him.


Oh, that's great!


Does my other rule also apply to this? Does this add to bleed damage now? Maybe not.


There's lava! Careful!


Wait, I can have, I can have someone--


Ten points of healing.


Yeah, I'm on fire.


He got 17. Did he tell you?


What do you want a tattoo of?


Oh, Jesus!


Don't look!


Hey, I'm a brand new paladin. Lay on Hands, which is going to do fuck all for me, but is that a bonus action?


Have a peeky-poo around as you go.


If you're offering, I'll take it, but I am definitely bleeding from my eyes.


Yeah. Locked away after the Calamity, but real nasty.


And both seem to suck magic in, correct?


Where are the guards in the front?


I'm standing there, but I'm not--


Age ain't slowing them down nothing! Wow. Hi, fellas!


Earlier, yeah.


The triangles are like this big and the armor is like massive.


I'm in the middle.


Let's move then.


Seven. Not good. I keep getting so close.


Components is "V."


Are there any inlays?


He's got to do it.


What about D-Roll?


We bought a little bit of mold.


Oh, you're together.


Jarett--


I shake him a little bit.


You just spit a lot of water out and you were sleeping.


Then I will do this with my hand.


Yoink!


Do we want to try and do a clockwise attack? Knock them out as we go?


A Clydesdale!


You made those?


Yeah. Anybody else?


I'll dash to get as far as I can.


I got lots of potions.


So there could be at this moment in time another person that looks just like me parading around the world?


(singing) Check, check, check, check it out--


Notarize it.


It always works...


Okay, I would like to rage.


This is the best episode of Maury ever!


Wisdom advantage.


I have a regular 50-foot rope and I'm tying a loop and I'm going to throw it down towards Grog and try to get it down so he can hold onto it and help pull while he does what he's doing.


Break.


Holy oil.


And we're assuming-- sorry-- that they'll ask instead of jumping to conclusions.


I was told this was only going to be about three hours long. To be honest with you, I thought we were going on a pleasure cruise. But you know, I've met some people, and we've had a great time, and yeah. Really nice boat you got here.


I could try to javelin.


To leave this cavern?


No, but we can't damage it.


Now do we totally trust Tooma and the Ravenites? Do we want to give her all the details or just that we're going to be checking it out for one day more before we ring the dinner bell?


I'd prefer it if Percy did. (laughter)


You said it was in the vicinity. What are we talking "in the vicinity?" Are we talking a day's hike? We talking an hour from here?


Yeah. He'll be at two instead of one.


What do you mean, hold on?


I've just had a thought, actually, if you could help us at the same time, we're trying to get a friend of ours out of the city. And (coughs) recent events seem to have clogged up most entries and exits. We have a friend, Horris, that needs to find his way to a safe spot.


All over the earring.


I may just, for my own personal aesthetic, try and mount my beetle wings onto this, but I like it. I'll do that later.


Oh, sleep.


Glasswalk Road.


Is packing.


You're smexy.


Can I walk to the entrance to the tunnel, just to keep an eye out, while he does his thing?


I'm going to snicker, and I will (laughs) hand out, put out my hand, and give my little ring a rub, and let out a Fireball from it, right where no one else but these buttholes will get hurt.


Okay, so Cerkonos is still busy with Keyleth, so I'm going to take a split second to inhale, exhale, and then (dagger noises) right from where I am. So 18.


The Branson of Wildemount, yeah. I hope it is!


We already left. We're taking Jorge to the docks, right?


I have the boomstick.


So you heal, 16, 20 points.


Vax is inside--


Take a chill pill, Dad! D&D is radical. It's as trustworthy as current Democratic presidential nominee Gary Hart.


I'm like Chun Lee, my legs are so strong.


I'm looking around, I'm trying to find out what happened to the bodies.


