Whose stuff?


Too late for Luck? (laughs) I got one more charge.


Being a half-elf. Oh, it's not charm, is it? Then the first one was shitty. Ten or 11, somewhere around there.


And I also am going to have Trinket attack him twice. How about that?


You don't want me to go?


Am I remembering that incorrectly?


You're gonna make me draw it? That's fine. I'm doing the Clasp logo, if I-- Does this look at all familiar? I have the Clasp logo.


Ooh, good, yeah. Okay.


Male or female?


Grog, think of all the things you've pulled out of there that look like sloppy joes, when they didn't look like that going in.


Pike, you can do it one more time and take a little rest, right?


Two more editions of the art book!


Here's a wand. I toss it back to them.


I step up behind Vax in case he has an involuntary reaction to reach up to his arms. Just to keep his arms down.


Okay, I'll attempt.


Is it plant life?


I roll every day, and I restored five and I had used five, so it's back to normal. I have seven total.


It's just me like, like a gondola driver.


I have on my person the Sword--


Yeah, it's just a feral thing, you know.


Melora doesn't exist on that plane.


I wonder if he can see us in your dimension?


That's a waste of bonus. (laughs) No, I'm going to Hunter's Mark. So Trinket was out. I'm going to Hunter's Mark the guy.


I'll pay for it. Don't. It's on me.


Okay, I sent money. I didn't tell them where I was.


I'm gonna go ahead, I'm gonna use a Beastshape and I'm gonna go into an eagle form.


Nosebleed.


Right, we didn't put on our--


That was outstanding. (laughter)


Everyone get your own tree.


You're a greater barbarian than I am.


Magic users, try and chase the others off. See if they'll back off. We've got to get that box away from them.


Okay, do I have any view on Big Pharma?


Bodyguard, yes.


I'll join you. Anybody else? Everybody else should stay at least 20, 25 feet back.


Maxed out? I could do that, plus I could make myself really big for a little bit, too.


Like Godzilla and King Kong?


What a mercenary.


Look, look, I do double damage to objects and structures. That's the thing, I'm really good at tearing shit down.


This is very heavy. This is a bludgeoning weapon, it is not a piercing weapon. It is a bludgeoning weapon. Right hand to the Briarwoods. And uber Percy fangirl. That's me. Cheers.


No! No!


You already have advantage on that too?


Just straight athletics. Oh god. Do I keep that? It's not good. (laughter)


I turn into a beholder.


Oh, yeah. Oh, please.


No! But I'm not a leader of these people.


It's all it says again!


The plan is we're going to find a cove and hide the ship, sneak in, get some crew, sneak back. Or, we're just going to sail right into a different port also in Nicodranas? Grab a crew while we start a whisper campaign, and bolt?


Regular dexterity save or do we get advantage because we're misty?


Sadly.


Oh yeah, sure.


And then something needs to hook the horse to the wagon.


How did you do that? Your ways are mysterious.


Jester! We've solved the mystery! (laughter)


I raise my glass of water and cheers, as well.


I never forget it. Ever. In the game or out of the game, Laura.


NOLA. So we're excited. We're all very connected and we share resources and support each other. We're all independent non-profits in our cities, but we collaborate and support each other.


We definitely left our vials in a shady cellar with a bunch of underground criminals.


We're going to double your fucking business.


You're mid dook right now.


It’s the same guy, it's the same guy!


Yeah. Are you cold?


Double-check. Perhaps gag her, as well.


It's pretty scary.


All right. Natural one.


Oh! Didn't he say to bring back some stuff from the Underdark?


(laughing) Oh no! That hurt my brain. It was an eight. Thank you.


What's another?


20 points, four points of necrotic.


For what it's worth, I like you a little better now.


I have no spells left, so yes. (laughter)


It's all ones and twenties. We have these two-sided dice. Just a one and a 20.


Wait up for me!


Yeah, that's worse. That's not better, that's worse.


Can I cast Lesser Restoration on Nott? Nott. Snap out of it. Nott!


Not right now. No.


I go right. No, I'm just kidding! I'll go to the left.


(singing) We got lots of jewels here! They are so pretty! We should get in the cart and drive away really fast.


20-- what is that?-- 29, 31, 35, 36, so that's 41.


So I pop my head out, Jaws-ing.


Caduceus is America tonight.


It's going to be right on the inside, hanging on the wall.


Of course you can, yes! Put your arms around me, Keyleth.


It does. It is a tiger person, so maybe we can relate.


So he can still add one d4 on this?


That's bad. Do you have a reaction?


Oh, Ulog! Not "lok"?


I am a great sorcerer.


Go fuck a ghost! I punch it.


I got nervous!


My choo-choo train of globules of light go (whirring) and float over all our heads--


I thought I grabbed the brain chunk. I thought I grabbed an arm, too. There was just an arm from the stitched guy, and I just grabbed it.


Street Fighter it?


Yep. You know, totally behaving ourselves.


Oh! I'm up, I'm up, oh!


I am not, like, looking into the abyss. I just don’t understand it and I’m just holding it there.


Ashley fricking Johnson!


He's rubbing his eyes a lot.


Just give her an hour. She'll be fine.


Aw. I will. Okay.


Well, she's a party maker, noise, you know. (clanking)


It was a shame we didn't have it. It would have come in so handy for our adventure.


I wake up my sister.


I had a question for you  we found this armor down in the sewers and it seems to have some--


Oh! I just told a random person they had a booger on the tip of their nose.


We're going to fucking potentially fight Delilah Briarwood.


And if we get three in him, 75% chance?


But we are essentially powerless.


I've saved your lives, Caleb has saved your lives--


It's out front.


I'm taking a slice at this guy again. I don't have advantage anymore.


I meant it.


Oh that sucks. Oh I have thieves' tools! Can I try?


Has she not lost her-- is the psychic damage attached?


The hole? Right in there.


Go on, Vex. See what they want.


Can I drop the rope down from the roof where I'm at, so everybody can get up in?


No no no, we're not. They cut the stream. Tell us about your politics.


That's irritating. All right, forget sharpshooter. One more. That's better. 24 to hit.


Or at least two. There's five.


I would put it on Pinterest. Maybe we could tell him it's a thimble. We could tell him it's a handcrafted thimble.


Clarota, that was rude.


That giant number again. That's 32 minus five. 28. We're good.


Because I'm a baroness.


Yeah. Good. Just a little drop.


You don't have to do this.


Cloven? cloven crystal.


Okay, work your magic.


I pull out the alchemy jug.


He came out!


Gross, we're all in the same room.


Fe fi fo fuck it! Can I run over here? (counting) And I'm going to smashy pants the troll. Reckless, Great Weapon Master.


Oh! You have a javelin.


It's been a good day. What are you going to say? Are you thinking about this? Think about something.


I think Percy and I can fake them out.


Hit the wall against the hole, right? We'll take either side of it, either flank.


Well let's see. The best thing that I can do is be the eyes of these people since I'm still working on getting out of my predicament. Let's say we move The Grand Duchess to a safe, but at least well lit, place to see the action.


No, I'm not upset at you. I'm upset at Laura, because this was my idea on the break, and it got yanked from me, but what are you going to do? I'm not upset. It's fine. I'm taking my marbles and going home!


1d8 plus four, plus two for the Hexblade's Curse.


What if you want to try a different thing like--


Kill it, Yasha.


Well, you know I do have a very salty variety myself. I'll summon the falchion in my hand.


Low rolls. 12 damage.


We take him back to where the frozen books lay.


Can you tell me more about this person who wielded it?


Yeah, I want that bracelet. I'll reach down and pick it up.


Yeah. Maybe she owes us one. K'ryyn, would you like to owe us a favor if we let you live, and get you paid, and you keep your reputation all on the same day?


Wings of-- ire, ear, something like that.


Are we talking about Mad Max?


One of us could be a wheel?


A flask.


The pool water is salt water?


That is very low. We'll just say it fails, because it's a two.


Tiberius, we're having a lovely breakfast. Tell us a story.


Fuck me. 15.


I think we could all use some rest, don't you?


Scanlan, what do you think?


Why? Because...


I can be wind now.


I can say to Grog, Grog? You're sure you want to-- are you okay? You're good?


Yes! Be polite. They're guests in our home.


And I'm sure he told everybody what we looked like. We can't look like the same Seeming that we were before.


I'll use my first Luck of the day. Wasn't that bad, but it's an important roll. That's better. 20.


I don't know, but there are like a lot of-- I mean, it's called the Glitter Force. There are a lot of cute little make-up accessories.


It's on the way...


And he gets another attack. Oh no, wait, he can only hold one attack.


(Darth Vader-esque breathing effect)


That was really good.


In between them.


May I ask  What were we sent here to get again?


It's Vegas, man. He don't give a fuck.


Oh my god. Send me the bill for your plane ticket! If you guys think this outfit is ridiculous, you have literally not seen anything yet. Okay. Thank you for waiting. What? (muffled shout)


Did you ever consider doing a longer episode?


Bonus, I pull off my hat of disguise, drop it on the floor. And I'm going to just unload at that motherfucker.


I think save your spells, Pike.


I'm trying to split my arc. So instead of doing this, I'm trying to-- (ice sounds)


So no back doors, no secret entrances that you know of, into the camp, anywhere near this general?


I am. That is an 18, anyway.


There must be some nice places here, right?


Oh, that's very clever, actually. Well done. Are you still expecting your package?


I would like to look to the woman that swung and missed and go, oh, I think you meant to do this. And I'll swing for the body of the hydra.


That's fine. I see them firing and so I just shoot at them.


For a complete list of those incentives, head on over to geekandsundry.com.


To see if he's--


Her hat?


Okay. What about his father?


No, it's good that you try so hard to protect the rights of giant frog creatures. I'm very impressed.


I low how your voice went (low voice) to (imitating Matt) "The ceiling's about--" Okay. Got it.


I think he's stalking us.


Let's not go there.


Yes. And you know my spotty track record with the Clasp. But that's all past now. The city's in ruins. You're looking at the right hand of Uriel.


I don't feel like I should have lost that one.


You need to sacrifice a small mammal. Maybe we can find a squirrel or something.


What if Vandren had a different sphere? What if there was like a whole bunch of them?


It's not even a nickname; it's three times longer than my normal name! How about Keg?! My normal name!


Is Nott a nickname for Bren?


Actually, that means go down.


We're both grappled?


The mind flayers have been down there for ages. There's nothing new.


I'm gonna go right for his throat. Still with the same intention that I had in mind.


I want to inspect the carriage to see if there's anything interesting about the carriage.


Do we typically tip when someone--


Maybe we can go shopping and come back?


Wow. That was really good. Like, you didn't act like a total shitfuck.


Yeah. 2nd-level. That's four plus another three.


1d6 radiant. Six damage!


Or we could Polymorph and do something.


I start climbing all over the walls.


Nobody else wants to check the road?


Vax. Yeah, you're fine.


I need a shower.


Oh, I thought there were two under Nicodranas.


From Norse Foundry. Just a 14.


It's proficiency bonus, plus dex.


I don't know! It shouldn't have hurt that much.


You can't do it to two people at the same time?


Okay, I'll do Healing Hands on myself.


Selfish, maybe.


Vax is just strange.


Purely coincidental. Really, purely coincidental.


I have one of those terrible ideas I get on occasion.


(groans) Okay. (laughter)


We pull out the carpet, and invite Ogden and JB.


It said blue, like my feather! Did you hear it? It was talking, Grog. It was talking.


Do they murder someone when you do that, like a horror movie?


Yeah, I like it.


It's been a bad night.


Oh, so this is my bonus attack?


Thank you, Thank you.


The trick is it requires human sacrifice.


How dark is it in here?


He grimaced. Still rolling.


So I reroll a one?


I leave! Scoop up some of the few scales and piss off.


Fjord, what was the name of the ship again?


Just a shitty hardware store, man.


I just took aim. Took aim. Just a gun.


Well, I lost it, but he made so much.


Okay. Got it.


I can only move back and forth, right? Then let me stay there so I can concentrate as much as I can on holding the blessing.


Trinket is staying with Pike.


Oh, what's our-- ooh, that's a tough one.


Do we know any metallic dragons?


Well, initially we thought you could handle it.


Preach on.


Right, plus four. Hold on, where did my four go? Someone give me a four! I don't know where my own four went.


Charming.


Battle kilt.


Oh, Freddie, okay.


I cast thunder. Thaumaturgy.


Oh, okay.


Where did he go? Oh.


"I stealthily get his attention by waving my hand in his face."


Kit's awesome.


It's probably time.


It's like a member of our family, man.


We're in an alleyway.


I go up and I tell Tiberius, maybe it's best just to keep a low profile for a while. And I turn around and wave at the Bastions.


So we're going to sleep and then to Vasselheim?


Any movement at all... happening.


Okay. I'm going to Sacred Flame the priest.


What does a Coralin look like?


If anything awful happens, he should survive it.


I could throw it 20 feet at disadvantage.


It means you're going to eat meat, and then you're going to make some jerky, and then you're going to buy another horse with the money you make.


Okay. I will Cutting Words him. I'll say Mm-Grog (vocalizing) Grog (vocalizing). Yeah! It's supposed to distract him.


Pike, my love. Is there any way you can get to the other side of this stone wall to see what's over there?


No, it's cool. You make up a really good story.


We need to get back.


Before we even go into the building, I go over to Nott and adjust the hood a little bit further forward.


(deadpan) I'm so happy for you.


That's the first time I've ever done that spell. I was very impressed with myself.


(English accent) What? (regular voice) No, no, I didn't.


Yeah, limited 2-week run, y'all. Get it.


No, it doesn't count because I'm up two now.


We did great. (laughs)


I don't know?


Hell elf.


It's Scanlan Two's turn. He's going to bonus action Bigby's Hand, grapple one of the gloomstalkers.


Should we take a picture in case it falls?


Oh that's right. Oh, fuck, it's real when you said it!


But I'm not too far away from her? But that's not how it works, okay.


Vox Machina, This. Is. Your Life!


I'm going to doodle and talk to the Traveler.


Dex save of 15.


Proceed.


(muffled) Kiss?! No, I just want you to break the goddamn thing!


Hm. Hm.


Well, that is a 20.


Are you going to take the stone as a source of power? He said it's too mysterious.


Alone upstairs, I pick up the scrolls and put them in my pocket.


Did Doty go down or-- no, he just stood there looking at me afterwards, right?


Yeah. I'm still grappled, right?


Outside of existence. Tiberius put up a stone, right?


Yeah, that's a good move. That mace sucks all the balls.


Nine plus five?


Do you have anything that can make armor... ... quieter? (all laugh)


Do they have any?


Wait, I-- Through the Hand Cone of Clarity, of course.


How long does Hideous Laughter last?


I'll grapple.


One moment, before we adjourn-- (whispers) Do we want to try to get into this place, or are we just going to go to the mines?


So the first one is a natural 20. That's also sneak attack, so that doesn't get quadrupled, does it? It's already doubled from sneak attack.


Oh, I'm sure.


Lord something something.


He sent me this?


Ask for an audience, yeah. Maybe if we say that we were sent by the Lawmaster, for the High-Richter to make a ruling.


Oh, with the yogurt? Those are really good.


I'm really good at keeping secrets. Okay.


There are ways that we can benefit each other.


A Grog-jack?


It would appear so, yeah.


I'm sorry that I kept it for myself. Enjoy. I will not take any of the spoils of anything we find anywhere. Enjoy.


We should, yes.


There's a whole other path.


Wow. Fuck me.


It was a little racist.


We are going to look at this thing.


Please! I'm sure you're having all sorts of reservations and thoughts and processes about this notion, but I will admit, I have yet to introduce your sister to the best part of being titled, which is dressing up. And it would be a coronation! We could get some clothes! We could wear something lovely.


I'm meditating. Then can I get a general lay of the land and sense running water and rivers, so we can avoid those?


No, I'm talking about your homeland. Leaving it unguarded.


What does Vax have to say about this?


Roll back a step or two. Dealt with how?


I will also pay for a room for Nott and Caleb.


Oh, it killed him?


And we'll be underwater, where there's a death monster.


So long!


Yeah, it's nice, right? It's like a little post-coital feeling, kind of.


Little stiff.


Sam, you're bonier than Gollum.


No, yeah, it's fine, it's fine, I'm just fucking sitting here, no big deal.


And trying to imagine his emblem that she described with the two manacles and the black chain, because that was pretty cool.


We got a book. Well, I don't have it.


I think we should have someone look at it first.


Vax, just because he's holding a dagger doesn't mean he's going to be successful at using it.


The world is cold and unfeeling.


Sure, if they had enough people and enough wagons. But, however, if we leave all this gold just sitting here, won't brigands come and rob it and pilfer it?


It's only a few days. It'll be good. Separation makes the heart grow fonder and all that stuff.


He's taking a picture of it!


Fucking feathers, buddy. And then the second one is four, plus the Smite, and I get four plus eight is 12, 15, 22.


Vax. You want to hold me?


Damn, I'm back.


(singing) Visual aid, visual aid.


Yep, that's the only reason they came here.


I don't know what's going on with Caleb so I will move over toward Yasha.


I think he's clearly messed up. Did you have a fresh fruit or--


It fits in there!


Like second-base well or even better than that?


Can I do the Pocahontas swan dive?


You have to be careful with my dice.


Aren't you still-- I look at your hand-- don't you have the mark?


That's right, Pike. Bury it deep inside.


Are we bamfing out or are we flying up?


I'm gonna kind of push it, you said there was a tunnel kind of going up into Cthulhu side?


This is what we hired you for!


Nails and screws! [break]


I'm going to be totally full front here. The sword needs blood.


So on this show where Ashley is about to leave, baby Baileyham has just been born, I'm in the woods, and we're about to move, you decided to wear that for the entire episode?


The horses' turn?


All right, I have a question. Do they understand English?


When do we tell her that's a Shirley Temple? (laughter)


Vanessa.


Over the lava pit.


Oh, no! That's Yasha's, that's plus two! This is plus seven! So (counting) 18!


We'll check it out real quick.


Doesn't make me trust you any more. Less, actually.


Falchion.


Whose evil?


Why are we standing next to each other?


All right. I drink the whole rest of the bottle.


Sorry, I'm a little confused.


I give-- wait, how many people are there? Eight of us.


Aren't we supposed to toss the room, aren't we supposed to make it-- no, we're coming in and out, so--


Kord help us. Good old Kord. Okay.


And then I'm going to cast it at 4th level again. And then, which is--


It's a power play.


You could wear it in a boat!


Please! 17.


What kind of problems?


Yeah, I noticed. You've moved up in the world, this is really nice.


Oh god. Okay. Are we trying to get to me so I can get us all out?


We fought one of those last time.


Add ten to it.


We haven't been to Fort Daxio.


You're with me on the whisper campaign?


You can't do that, technically.


Myself and another player can secretly compare hands, and whichever hand is lowest is out. So I'm gunning for you, Poison Ivy. Because you kissed me that one time, and then you didn't wanna hang out with me afterwards, like that was really mean, so.


As opposed to sleeping in the Underdark?


It's like we're 12.


Is this a good place for Thaumaturgy? Fuck it, let's accent this.


Were you expecting me? All right. I've brought a couple of friends. Is that permissible here? They'll keep quiet.


It's six, though.


Or if it's their pink haversack!


Unless you're cool with not telling them, because that's cool with me, too.


I can't tell what happening.


Go to Percival's workshop, go, I will handle it.


What were you going to say, Vax?


He's right here.


Would you like to go with them or stay with me in my sad room?


I'm going to give her a shot of something, just to calm down.


No, that's fine. He's a little bit of a twat, isn't he?


Connected to that, someone asked, if you had any tips, and I'd like to know the answer to this too, because I'm running a game for my eight-year-old son and his friends who are about to start, do you have any tips for new DM's?


Ugh, we're never going to be able to come back to Vasselheim!


Do we all get tattoos? (singing) We need a god-tage!


Okay. 15. 17 plus three is 20. Three lightning damage of that and then Sneak Attack is another six.


Take over everything.


Insight check? Okay. Not good. Five.


I don't know! JCVD! This is so painful.


Just like the opening title sequence, you guys.


It's all right, I think it's worth it.


Should I roll initiative for the guy in the hallway?


I would like to see about that.


I will definitely drink. I think we should probably drink at our camp then. I'm fine inviting them.


You mean, like a guard?


Like opening a peanut butter jar, or how big?


How do we feel about kidnapping the nine-year-old tiefling?


That's one damage!


We can sell them.


No. I do not know how to do it.


Dex check?


Not a ton. I want to try and make 12. I want to see if I can make 12.


Yeah. Anyway, should we go?


I'll broom it.


This is so weird.


Those were great, with the ears.


It's okay. Let him do it by himself. It's what he does best.


Oh, Tiberius. You have to be careful. You have to be responsible--


Caleb can't hear any of this, but in the middle of the room he says: It is getting very kinky in that room.


Making barrels.


Don't put a number on family.


How can we get Grog to fly, though? Because these pillars can't go all the way to the heavens, can they?


-- do your thing. I don't think, I don't think that anybody here is necessarily against duplicity, I just think they're against duplicity against them, whomever they serve.


You are a wee baby rogue!


How high am I hanging off of this thing?


Yup. 11, I'm good.


I'm going to show everybody before I hand it in. I'm going to write the truth, top to bottom, of the world is peril, we are facing a battle, and she holds or knows of an item that would turn the tide, and I wish to know its price or know its rental.


Yes! 826LA is a non-profit tutoring program for kids K through 12th grade. And they're really big on creative writing and storytelling, and they also have a storefront, the Time Travel Mart, in--


Maybe we have to let her know we're here.


No, no, no, he liked it. It was sweet.


Yeah, go away.


Guys, it's the rules in the book! You can bust my balls all you want--


I thought your people had thrown you out. Why so eager to get back?


I picked specifically small words! (laughter)


Maybe you come back.


Tightening up. We're going to go. What are we going for?


You're a Cr-- Can I say Crick? Is that okay? Do I have to be a Crick to say it?


I would accept a small statue of Pike that I can hold near my breast.


Oh, you're upstairs, you're not actually here. Never mind.


That was a question, it's a down.


I'll go in on it. What was in the box though, originally?


We've got other gods on our side. He's a fucking half-ass god.


Why did I get arrested?


Whispers on a 15?


How long after dusk has it been?


Early 90s River Phoenix hair going everywhere of its own volition.


They mentioned moving the stone that shouldn't have been able to have been moved. Correct? They moved it inside of Thordak, and then Thordak left with the stone in him, right?


Ah! I can't do anything! I try to attack it.


It's the tip of the tiny Tiffany Ship.


Plus ten, whatever it is.


Flutters back up, barely?


All of it. Ooh! 26!


Sure. The emergency fund.


Elven. And then over here, I don't remember much of the mathematics, that my teachers in our homeland--


Oh shit there's not-- no, we're not ironic any more!


I think I might--


How many tentacles does the kraken have now?


Bop bop!


Yeah, because I don't have a shot this round.


I think when Lin-Manuel wrote the song, he thought that it would be used in a D&D Beyond ad eventually.


I go straight for him.


Don't you dare tell us what we're starting to think!


If we need to, we can bring them through the portal into Whitestone.


I'm a really good friend of his.


No, I don't hit it!


In real life?


Also, there is a small grate just down here. Frumpkin was not able to get through it, but maybe one of you two ladies could bust that open.


That seems fair. I suppose the last question-- And this is just my last addendment, is that we own an artifact of this plane. We would like it if possible to be identified, and for you not to speak to anyone of what we have or what it's worthwhile, and to keep our presence-- confidential, as much as we keep yours confidential. Mutual confidentiality.


I get secrets!


What a waste.


I pick Caleb up, and throw him over my shoulder.


It's just kids.


That was one of those impossible things, right?


No. No fights.


I take one point of damage.


Why? You're strong! You can do it.


I love celebrating fisticuffs.


Oh no! I'm so sorry! Well, do we need protection?


I'm going to cast Healing Word on Vex.


Where are you from? Your accent's so--


Matt, I'm pretty sure it's "si-google."


My beast shape's back.


I'm in there too.


What if?


Let him do his parkour, people.


I stay with him.


So I've built a couple housings for these opals. So, you pop the opal in, and it will allow it to create either a concentrated beam--


Fucker!


Yeah. I don't know.


Yes! Yeah, 14.


She's fine. Just calm down.


Oh, okay. Yeah, I'll just ignore that, then. I'll stay invisible and I'm going to try and take my 60 feet.


No, I mean I'm on concentration for Bless and they're both in there and they probably fucking need it.


Oh yes, I'm going to bed.


I'm going to do a full-on--


If anyone takes notice, then turn off the lights.


I thought, maybe, if we walked in and I had a title like Grog the Wish Giver, and we were calling to check in on him, that maybe it's time to pay his tithe to the Wish Giver, and maybe he would give us one of the two.


That's fine. Also, I feed him.


With extra d4s on both.


Same old same old.


Whitestone would be honored.


Oh, is it mine?


Shouldn't we go out early in the morning?


Yeah, study is key.


Could be disintegrated, though.


I thought we rested.


Yeah, I'll wait. So long as no more of your siblings are in danger. I did do it for reasons.


An eight. Damage.


No, that's not it.


I love them. I just don't have any right now.


Love Mama Pike.


After this is all done, I'll say my proper goodbyes. But I should be going. He's your best guy, right? You need him. He's part of the team, he always has been.


Well, this will break my short rest.


We have polished-- does that mean like--?


Can I come back as Spider-Man or something?


Yeah, as soon as I crest it, when I get up there, they're gone by that point, right?


It sure hits.


I will use my Mage Hand to take a healing potion out of my hand and shoot it 30 feet towards him.


You might have to wait a little while.


Ugh. I feel like this is a rough day.


Can we clear out these rocks?


Well, let's find out about our dragon first.


Shit. Can I jump, Boots of Feral Leaping?


Priss, what's it say?


It's worth having him.


I'm writing the body parts in the Bag of Colding.


No, not against the wing shot. Oh, strength saving throw; you're right. Against a DC of 19.


You're one, right?


She's back. 24. No, 23.


Yes, we met Aldor.


D&D Beyond has teamed up with Beadle & Grimm's Pandemonium Warehouse on the platinum edition of Waterdeep: Dragon Heist, which releases in November. If you don't know what Beadle & Grimm's Pandemonium Warehouse is, it's the brainchild of friend of the show Matt Lillard. They make these fantastic boxes filled with all the elements a dungeon master needs to create an amazing experience. That's in my eye. (laughter)


Yeah. I get a bonus die, I just have to find one. Oh, that'll do. That's 17 points of damage plus one point of fire damage.


Or just a place that comes highly recommended.


Oh no, it's like Hex or something.


Is the boat coming up to the beach?


No, that looks dark and there was a giant cosmic bear in there.


Out of what?


Put it away.


What was your mission?


I don't have very much either.


I'm going to use my last of two spell slots to cast Hunger of Hadar 20 feet into the hallway with just the brim-- just so it gets the-- yeah.


Well, yeah. Or if you want to be selfish about it, you can buy your own diamonds and then I'll use those for you.


Let's disguise ourselves.


Do you know who it could be?


Yeah, Beau is going to deliriously-- still really messed up, like a drunk person doing a pointless task-- is going to try and scoop up some ball bearings that she threw, and then after maybe she picks up like ten--


Okay, so I say  Well shit! That's my move.


You hear that, Keyleth?


Don't build it up too much. Now they'll be expecting it, Matt.


Can we sense anything?


The muck is unhappy to be there.


Yeah, 'twill be. It's going to be lovely.


Do you want to do the talking and I'll keep an eye on hands?


I'm going back probably tomorrow, next day, something like that.


Don't!


It's fine. We've killed dragons, we'll be fine.


-- who wore it away.


I think we need to ask them where they want to go.


It's too late, it's black. (all laugh)


Marisha, one of these is an Australian candy. The other are beasts on the list. Which is the real Australian candy? (Australian accent) A nalfeshnee? Musk stick?


There's a whole other room with dead bodies in it that we also caused, and also ball bearings.


And get Horris out first, right?


If we can afford it, no promises.


From out here?


But if it's under my AC?


The barracks.


Then later on in the book, you run into him again, and he remembers you.


She went this way! She's invisible!


(singing) Hast du etwas Zeit fur mich?


Is that a -1 to my confidence now?


Does the spiritual weapon get an attack of opportunity?


No. Told you.


And Beau as well.


Well, I'm going to bed.


Do you think it's possible?


He's eating mice.


Then I'm going to fly by and do a Healing Touch on you. You get 6d8 plus three hit points and you are freed from your blindness.


Does he know anything about K'varn?


I step up.


Yeah, for tomorrow.


He would have--


We're on a ticking clock, here.


Does it cancel out because I'm in the mountains?


I have a feeling you're going to get confused even if we call you Lionel. It's Percival, it's a pleasure, Chod. Hello.


Well, clarifying question, did Avantika just watch Fjord yell at Nott, "That shit is in my body"?


Do I see any change in the abjuration magic when she does that?


Angsty teen.


He's very stern for Charlie Adler.


So how many people can I cast it on if I cast it?


Keep rummaging.


Oh, is that what this one was from?


(as Grog) Sorry.


I didn't do Hunter's Mark on purpose. Because I can't do any magic on him, because he's looking at me.


Does anybody have one of those?


Total of 37. I'm a level 18 rogue!


Where did we meet Aldor?


I've got a 2nd-level and a 1st-level.


And I can control water for at least an hour.


(whispering) So. There's a person standing right there.


If I cast Enhance Ability on him?


I'm going to take the gun.


I'm glad I found you guys.


Without your shirt on.


You've written your camp number. In pen, on your arm.


I can look at it and just look at it. I'll look at it.


I'm going to back up against-- oh no, if I back against a wall, it's sticky, isn't it?


Well first I drag Keyleth off to the cozy little bathtubs that they have here in the castle and took the opportunity-- they're quite small, actually. And washed all of the caked-in, the last of the caked-in blood and everything.


I see. Any of that as we go?


Oh, dibsies.


I get confused because of the cup.


1d12!


I'll leave.


Okay, I take all of the water, and I really just concentrate, and I gather just a big tube, and I push it down that tunnel.


Here, Grog. Have some clear beer.


(whispers) I knew it. (louder) I mean, I didn't know it.


They're going to come out asking for help, because they've been--


You said you were hugging them up here like this.


I don't let them in.


Would he be able to make it?


We've had people die watching it. Yeah. It's just that exciting. Just from excitement.


Ashley, that's DocuSign, you're in the wrong app completely!


Do you want to explain this, Grog?


He would, he would.


So where's my-- and I'll do it at-- Cure Wounds, I'm sorry. I am so flummoxed at the moment. So nervous for all things. Okay. I'll do it at-- let's see. 13.


Wait, we're supposed to cave in shit?!


In the hot tub?!


Have you ever encountered a dragon personally, Loran?


Arm wrestle!


I'm going to take that.


That’s a total of-- you said three and-- I’m sorry.


Okay, 23.


I'm not drunk.


I found him in the woods. In a Bag of Holding.


No, not. Not Nott, it is not. I cased the smut shop, I looked for arcane things there and did not, well. But I was able to use my abilities.


Well, our paths may cross again, and if you know, or can ask around where Greyskull Keep is, come pay us a visit. I would love to talk to you about the past, and history, and your travels and mine, all right?


Oh. I got a 16, but I get plus ten with my tinkerer's tools.


I'll do the other one.


Nott and Caleb.


But there were artifacts that they wanted. I remember.


Action surge? What does that do?


Wisdom saving throw. Big modifier of nothing. Six.


Wasn't The Gentleman supposed to reward us?


DM shade.


Better be safe?


Think, Allura, what do all these cities have in common? And what would be the benefits of taking over these cities?


How close are we? What's his plan? Where is he?


Never again.


Border patrol.


He got polymorphed into De Niro. (laughter)


No, I'm not Pike.


I'm blind.


You could continue your swimming lessons.


-- where Lady Kima is being held.


I'm going to check that last one off. Check this off. I'm blast-- I'm using all these from my Ioun stones!


This temple, I mean this--


That's a little creepy, but other than that, you are very, very capable-- Percival, I'm having trouble focusing, so if you could sort of go behind Kash.


It's still in Scanlan's mansion.


Okay, just making sure.


Keepsake, can’t put a price on it.


We have Orcus's horn. So that's a thing.


Yes. Well, what kind of boots are they?


I know, I just want to taste his wine.


Yes, land on the horse's back!


That was cool.


Yes, yes, you have been quite helpful... Give us the name of that girl so we can send our condolences to her?


To the point, I like it. I would like to spend about 20 gold worth of incense. Do you have that much? I don't mean cheap shit.


That's fine. Let's-- go ahead.


I'm just going to say, I've heard some pretty crazy stories through the grapevine about what goes on in Hupperdook.


Oh shit. Everybody dies.


That's a really hard choice. Mr. Rogers, for sure. I love Mr. Rogers.


It's still the same thing.


Hey, we play D&D!


Whitney.


We're leaving, we're leaving!


This is it, this is it, do or die.


An excellent argument.


One of them is? Or they both are?


Is Lionel with them?


Freddie! Where's Fred?


The call before it was clutch!


Northwest. Northwest.


I don't know! The less she knows, the better! What if she found out something and she judged me for it because we did something bad?


Wait, should we all go to one room, then?


It's cool.


M'lady.


Wait, but then what are--


Judging books by their cover, yes. I ride my horse around in a circle just to face everybody and say, everyone, maybe go a bit back, go behind Keyleth. Vex'ahlia and I will trail just behind as your retinue.


(sobbing in relief)


Knock it into the water. Let the shark have at it.


To Grog!


A little ticklish, I'm fine.


We've seen it, and it is beautiful. There's going to be a deluxe edition and a standard edition. It will be available for sale in the Geek & Sundry store in the late fall, published by Hunters Books.


Yes, it's basically a hamper.


He rolled an 11 plus five!


You don't happen to work with the Ruby of the Sea, do you?


I healed Caleb nine points.


He's the little goblin that could, you know.


It's possible they could be weary, frightened.


Do we know where he teleported off to?


Hey, guys! (all yay, cheer)


What was your captain's name?


Godzilla.


We seek out the goddess Ioun, the goddess of knowledge. The ritual of seeding was lost to time, and we know that the goddess Ioun is one of the only keepers of that knowledge.


Are we over the war camp, or are we over the--


Yeah, I want to stealth in behind Grog after they go into the room.


Oh, it's so hot!


Who wants to go knocky-knocky?


Take the disguise off of him.


I don't hear any eight-legged friends around?


You can't see me! So guys before we go on intermission, I wanted to bring up one more time 826LA which is the charity that Critical Role is supporting. Do you want to give a brief--


Running through!


How about in the place where we disarmed all the traps? We know that that's safe.


Then I'm going to use the rest of my movement to go back to where I was.


One moment. I'm going to pull out a piece of the soul, the edible soul, and just about to eat it.


Who's on the broom with Vex?


Yeah, Allie is fine.


You want to be able to get there right away on surprise attack, spring right out of the ground as soon as that trap triggers.


It's true, it was quite astounding. I have a little chub on.


We all need a little fun. (chuckles) Well, I'll see you very soon.


Is there some sort of Alter Self spell that--


Then let's go to the Raven Queen's temple.


All right, Percy, time to learn about your castle. And I take off in a walk where you don't bend your knees, your legs just stay straight? That's the walk I'm adopting for this whole tour.


I love how out of everything we've seen, what I just did was apparently the most fucked up. Out of everything that's happened to us, and now we need therapy? Now we need therapy?


I would like to make a dexterity check to see if I catch it?


Okay, okay, okay, let's go.


And now I get out, yeah.


Because I don't know what's gonna happen at church. I'm talking months. Unless she rings, okay? I just want to spend some time with you, before I have to do whatever the fuck she wants. She's going to collect.


Yes, so he'll still hit, but he got a song out of it.


In fear, I stand up and throw my lance at the fire giant. (laughter)


If we camp, then they won't find us. They can't see the door.


Does it count as my turn if I ask him a question about the orb?


Which members?


Should we get back on the road, then?


Get on Trinket!


Yeah, it's 26.


Wait, wait, keep him alive.


Yeah, Kara.


I'm going to look for Gilmore.


We're going to drop it off, I think.


Like a phoenix?


Jester, Yasha, Caleb, Nott.


Wait, you'll make what? I didn't hear it!


Oh, fuck you! (laughter)


We've lost Grog again!


Well, if you were thinking about doing it. Don't. It's a bad idea.


Oh, I voice directed on two games. They're the exact same game, basically. One is called 'The Witness.' Mastermind Jonathan Blow has created a very, very unique game. There's no shooting people in the face or any of that, but it looks to be one of the best gaming experiences of the year.


Too soon.


Yeah, you seem distracted around this woman.


Do all people with titles have to dress up?


Why does she want to leave? This can't be good, right?


No burger left. Just onion rings.


I haven't played that game, but is your name Solid Snake?


Why not? We are the most capable people in this town right now.


(chanting) Level three!


So I just can't do anything on my next turn.


And DM. How long were we in this room?


Oh, it was more of a rhetorical-- it's like a trick or treat-- why do we still try to explain things to him? I haven't learned.


Oh. Caduceus the... Juices?


Wait, we did what?


What about the unexplained?


I think it ate something here, you guys.


Well, it's the effect of the Etherealness spell, for one hour.


I'm going to stay.


You and your computer, all night.


How did your friend get this nasty cut?


Oh god. Wait, how close am I to Sylas?


And the second one is-- oh, this is probably fine for skeletons. 12, 13, 14.


We should do something to repay the debt!


I like that.


Okay, fine. (all laugh)


I don't know, she looks fucking stoked to me right now.


What if we teach Nugget to also be able to bamf to Yasha while she's gone?


You just did it to me earlier in this round.


Turns out the town is full of humans, except for these six vampire giants-- zombie giants.


It'll ignite the bomb.


20, to kill Scanlan. (laughter)


Am I in the lava?


She's got the other end.


I get out.


It's not air. It's water.


He was.


After all that pie, Trinket's a little wide in the haunches.


I don't wanna waste time on the gnome business. Let's just go on.


I have the shittiest fucking initiative rolls.


I'll say, with no facetiousness, this is all I ever wanted in my life.


Is it made of lace?


I send Frumpkin to go look at the rocks.


How much is in that one?


Well, I've learned quite a thing or two in my years and, it might interest you to take a little private tutoring session sometime.


We'll get you your shit! I gotta print that photo so you guys can all sign it.


Okay. How close is his hatch to the edge?


I'll sea turtle up to them, ten, 15 feet, so I'm within 30 feet, and then I will fire my crossbow. It's at disadvantage because it's in the water?


Need some d6's, man?


Hilda.


There could be enlightened tribes out there, committed to changing their ways.


His throat was slit, you can probably see. So he has a hard time talking.


You naughty man. You just called me by my sister's name. That is going to cost you.


Yeah, but it's also going to hit Scanlan.


No. I pull two scrolls out of my pack. I have these. I found them in my journeys and I want to make them a part of my repertoire.


(laughs) You're just repeating everything Matt says. (laughter)


No, she's asking if I'm still--


She's a planetar?


I'm really low in charisma. I'm really awkward. Persuasion.


You mean kegs that hold beer and wine and are completely waterproof?


I don't think we can all fit on that ship.


Wife Illiana, into it!


Okay, so, I'm going to do a Mass Cure Word-- Healing Word.


Way more than arrows.


You've got the Death Ward. Go for it!


I'm going to command Trinket to run after her.


Have you sailed frequently before? What was your exact duty on this ship?


Wait. So the trammel is a DC ten, plus five for each trammel fused to the target. So he's got a plus ten to save. Assume that he's going to roll at least a ten.


Google it!


Aren't they for close up?


We'll keep the censer near the door.


Second dagger attacks the other one. I just turn around and sink down into the other one for 16 with the keen, yeah, 16 with the keen dagger.


If he could be distracted during combat, maybe.


Mine's weird. Wisdom saving throw. Oh, so is that my--


But keep your gaze averted.


So that we can see it, so we can locate it.


Plus, kitty, you did that once and it didn't work out so well.


Okay. Oh, gosh. I'm going to shoot--


Another tinkerer's check! I'm not a good tinkerer.


Oh you'll be fine, we'll just give you a little-- I can just give you a little tap if anything goes wrong.


I quickly take that same charcoal out and I write in Common on his chest: Conclave or bust. (laughter)


I'll so fucking take it.


No, we used Pass Without a Trace, though, so add ten.


Death Ward.


And then, so d10. Fuck. That's a fucking one. Five points of damage. That's lame.


Six shortswords.


You'll get in the insect cloud.


About three hours into their shift, can I come and relieve him?


Oh! Right, Keyleth? The guy that kissed you.


Can I release Polymorph by using Polymorph?


Please Roger Rabbit--


How far away are the four figures from us right now?


And then, for the next one he gets two claws, and he's going to use his fours. Jeez Louise. Five plus seven is 13. No, 12.


Thank you for your infinite wisdom, Taryon. We might be able to use a Daylight spell as a distraction worst case scenario, because I can place it somewhere and then leave it.


Of course, sir, we completely understand if you're not up to such a challenge. It makes perfect sense, and we'll be more than happy to go and buy some wares somewhere else if this is too much for you.


You promise?


I was like, "oh shit."


I'm sorry, I thought, you know-- Got to pay respect.


"--and I don't disappoint you and stuff," and also, "gee whiz, I should probably take baths more often."


So, basically, it's one of those meals that you're still hungry when you eat it all.


I rolled a 33 on stealth, I'm gone!


Do I roll initiative for the barlgura?


Looks better on you.


I don't know how much to roll for a greater healing potion. That's why I didn't do it.


Plus 25.


Does it sound like anything we have encountered? A nature check?


Are you going back on your word?


Grog might have something in the bag of holding that you could use.


Yeah, son.


I'm having bad rolls for this stuff, man.


-- and then I get a really big one, and then I roll it up.


Where is it, actually?


Trinket and Vex are still there?


I'm going to look around for personal effects, papers.


I've sent him with a shopping list.


Super soakers!


Toya's not a fully-grown adult woman.


Sorry, you have to watch us buy things.


I produce one half of the stones that we brought, and I say-- oh wait, does she know how to do this? I guess you just think, right? You just think. You have to think. I know that's hard, but you're going to have to hold this rock and want it to be reunited with its pair. I'm sorry about that. And then you'll be bamfed back to where we're going, all right? Here, take this stone. All right, so we'll just step out of the mansion. I won't drop it yet, because there's no need.


I'm keeping an eye out for the guard. I want to keep an eye out for the guard, make sure he's not noticing.


Is your name Pleasure, then?


Oh, you rattled the table, it was 15, then it fell over.


How much money did we have? Didn’t we have like at least --


Could you maybe make some more of those Idiot's Guides and spread them around through the rest of us?


We can all.


I know. I understand that. How are my parents?


I go in last. Censer.


You've got another one here.


Was he here that day?


I look at Garthok and say, "Even you?"


We did make it for Amandine.


The Greyskull Keep.


Oh, I have an idea. Okay, I'll peek around.


You were 16? 19.


Ooh! Yaaas, girl, yaaas!


Still very sharp.


Thorbir is just slow because he is processing and dealing with the rage and anger and the memories of betrayal that he has experienced, having heard these sounds come from the mouths of others before.


What makes it bullshitty?


Eight. Now we need the full set, right?


2d6-- again, 13 points of damage.


Fassbender, can you fly?


This is a problem.


It’s true. She’s my sister, I know, Grog. But right now we need to put that aside and do what’s best for the party.


Saddle up.


How long has Scanlan been out for?


I'm actually hoping that it's the worst decision we make, because then everything's uphill.


I want to ransack the joint.


(whispering) There's four lizard people up there.


You can dash and get 60.


Listen to Stormfather over here.


That was a lot of fun.


I got too cocky!


We all know it was you.


I've been thinking about redecorating.


Huddle around him, okay. We perform a protective--


And it stands out like a sore thumb?


No, we just need to not have our lives on the line every day. For a little while. Or ever. Retirement's not a terrible idea. I mean, what's the takeaway here, from Scanlan? Can't hold anything in. Fuck. You know that I've always looked up to you, for everything? That I've tried to model myself after you. Do you know that? And you. You know that she's my best friend, right? You know that.


Five, four. Nine points of damage each. Cold. (impacts) Tentacle beating!


Frumpkin walks to the edge of the table and shows his butthole by lifting his tail up.


Where's the Bag of Holding?


I'd rather not.


Cool. I start walking towards the other side of the room.


Now we're getting somewhere.


Is he dead? (cheering)


It is sort of our salute. It means "guardian" and "brethren." It's a high salute.


Caleb can teach you all about magic, he knows all the spells and he's very wise.


You're not, don't say that about yourself.


Math looked right when I did it.


I will take the enchanted mithral shirt and the cape, thank you very much.


60?


Natural 20. Making up for those fucking ones.


We can't touch it.


Oh. Any magic.


These are the yuan-ti.


Oh, okay. So an additional 10d6 damage for the dragon arrow.


No, it seems--


So I keep going down. I want to hit a thing.


I mean, yeah?


Will hurt your enemies, not just protect you.


Should we eat a feast first, or should we save that?


Do the thing. Figure it out.


That was the first thing we killed in this fight.


It's where I'd put the Ark of the Covenant, certainly.


Her mace.


A few days? We would have a whole fucking day!


Yes, I think he feels guilty.


(sings) You know you got to cure Grog.


Excellent. Nice. That's 11 points of Eldritch Blast.


We can have the unseen servant pick it up.


400 feet.


Don't forget, Scanlan, you've been getting five extra hit points at the start of your turn.


Nice. How many are you taking?


Bullshit! My passive perception is 21.


300 years?


Just to start, I'm going to throw some light into the center of the kelp.


I understand. If she changes her mind, we'll let you know.


Yellow and black!


Guys, we should do something.


(same accent) Hello! Hello, welcome to Kraghammer.


Yeah. [cheering]


It's not. It's a two.


Gotta get inside first.


I throw my gun behind on my shoulder, and I'm going to head to my right to try to get some cover with that tree.


We'll find another one. It's okay.


(loudly) Are you sleeping?


And the guardian that Pike conjured is guarding us?


She's just touching her lips.


I'll inspire myself just to give it a serious try. That's plus ten, so that's a 19 plus, I guess, three for Jack of All Trades?


Let's go. Let's walk quickly.


I'm going to fire at the same one that my sister does.


You know, Vex, I feel like you might be a bad or good influence on me. I'm not sure, but I like it.


Do you mind?


We can totally try that.


The books, you mean?


Let's just go in the water. I follow him. Although Percy should technically be up front because he's got light.


No, I don't want to do that.


I'm very excited to find out.


(blows a raspberry) Goddamn it! No.


It just slowly sinks.


Well, what if something grabs me from under the surface?


Halved.


Oh son, oh son.


Matthew?


Oh! That's bound to be good. Seven! It's 12!


How long have you been here? So many questions!


For Frumpkin? It's not very good. That is only a four.


Oh, that's good on the first roll. The first roll is good, so it is 18.


It is a very disturbed fish, yeah.


Bad News is down, I toss it to the ground, I pull out the new one. I take my shot just to get its attention to get one in the mouth.


Or I can just drop the mansion.


I say, sir, we have coworkers that were working at the festival. Do you know anything about this attack?


Tell it to us, Tiberius, what's the idea?


Okay, oh good, 27.


Guys, we can drink more!


High five! Aw.


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course, it would be unwise underestimate her based on first impressions. [thunder crack]


Close the safe.


Mine rules them all, though.


Killer.


This is how he criticizes us now, is he makes a little web video and sends it to all of us instead of talking to us.


Aw, there's a tiny table you can move.


27 points of damage. Let's see, one more, yeah, one more shot at the wings just to see if I can take it down. Make it.


Let's have a full rest.


I think you guys should go. Right away.


Oh. I'll drink it.


So hey, that's in the store. That's in the store right now.


It's like watching your game in fast-forward.


The story's been lost to the ages, since the great Calamity.


All right, I have no idea how to do this. I've never done anything without a dagger. That's not good. I don't know what to add to this.


Oh man, we're out of like everything, aren't we?


I guess I can lead, since I know where I'm going.


Sometimes I get a little twinge, a little disc issue.


Woo, that was really fun.


He's out in the open.


I was talking as in--


Vox Machina does not flee.


An hour. We'd have to re-spellify ourselves.


Sure do.


I can take it.


Okay, I'll go ahead and make as much as I can.


Really? Okay.


Shouldn't you hide right now? Just be out of the way until Vorugal--


What if he's awful?


Growing up in the Ashari tribe, we were taught that the gods mind their own business and we mind our own. I don't have any disrespect for them, but also want to... tread lightly.


Thanks, Matthew Mercer!


It's not like, "by the third lamppost, remove this brick." Okay, cool.


Oh, I get advantage. 30. No! 38.


Then I'm going to turn into an eagle.


Yes, you're right, yes.


Make it a little faster than ten if you can.


It's a thing


I'll explain later.


Yeah, it happens.


She tried to shave her.


Up against the wall of the building.


I guess we can't get them, can we?


(panting) Fuck, you guys. And I'm going to take my shurikens and pop pop!


Okay. I’m going to reach over, put on my circlet in my nightgown.


Yeah, I don't want to drop it. Will it kill all of us? Is it a blast radius thing?


I'll take one. Full price. I won't bargain.


Thank you. How do you have it on autosave?! Do you just have it?


Well, she comes down from those stairs, so make sure you got a good view of that.


And there's just a crypt and that's being used for other things, but--


Judging based on what happened in Emon, we know that they have an insider, we just don't know who yet.


You asked that already?


What's going on with the spinning black cube? Are we okay?


She'll take that 14.


No, I--


Roughly speaking, how many of those did we see when we came up?


I don't add-- do I add Hunter's Mark to that damage, or just my regular and then that?


In between, but don't worry about it. I'm going to right onto Vecna and try and swarm it down towards the death knight.


Do you see red stripes?


Do we see any movement in here?


Oh, it's like a mini book!


Guys, I'm just totalling up all the donations that we had.


"Kill them all, Percy. Kill them all."


I saw someone on twitter say that this was like our Cheers episode, and I agree. (laughter)


History?


We can take care of the guards.


Do not go in yourself right away, send in Frumpkin to look. I will be watching the whole time.


Ooh! There's sound effects, first of all. Appreciate the sound effects. If we're going on a three-hour tour, I demand to know who's Gilligan, who's the Skipper, millionaire and his wife. The movie star--


That's a lot of diamonds.


What is going on in here?!


And we are those things. I think we've all learned a lot today.


I have a pound of lavender with my armor. (laughter)


Is that something you could do?


Don't stay up too late.


I tried, I tried.


Beau! Beau!


Hello sir, excuse me.


All right, I'm just going to try to open this up here.


What kind of work? It's just going out and killing things?


If it's only a day's travel, at some point we're going to see the city.


I'm already here.


Not bury them, that sounds so dramatic when you say it like that, I mean I'm going to make a tunnel, there'll be stairs, they'll be able to walk freely, they'll have air holes, it'll be just like when you moved through the sewers to not be seen.


I try and hit him with it with both hands.


(gasps) We have to get out of here!


Does it happen all the time when people do this drinking game?


It's not going to work!


So crit on a 19!


Arrow damage was two, lightning damage was two.


Ooh! That's hot.


Does it look like he's awake now to me? I'm mean, it was all happening very quickly.


Sucks being in the wrong place at the wrong time.


I'm raising my hand.


That's what I emote to him.


Yeah. That is a 23?


Vax, keep an eye out. Make sure that there are not people in the jungle coming this way.


It came off again.


I think that's a very reasonable plan.


While heading towards the tower to make sure that I am trying to get a lay of the land so maybe I can see if we should veer off in a direction. I'm also looking for humans, someone who might speak Common.


No, you just have to be-- I think it's within 30 feet of where I put the spirit totem.


We're about to find out, then, aren't we?


I appreciate you all being here for me. I'm sorry. I didn't realize that this was going to happen and I don't want-- if you fellows want to go back and just continue on, I can solve this.


You're the first mate! Why don't you give us an order?!


I've got that one really soft blade and I'm rolling it, and I want to see that one little opening and I want it to bend. The sword bends and does that Chinese martial art thing where it goes and pops all the way into the center of it, and I go wrist deep into the thing.


You don't want to kill Algar. Yeah. Okay.


All right. Well, then I'll say a silent prayer for the fallen and then fly backwards super fast to the other one (whoosh) and attack again!


You have an errand to run? All right, I'll go with Vax--


All right. We will be back. Stay safe.


I would like someone extremely sketchy to search. Actually, Vax, would you search the vehicle?


Jump up on the table, you can see better!


Well hey, there's no need for that language. Listen, I was thinking how useful D&D Beyond is for tracking your stats. For instance, did you see all the new races in fifth edition? (silence)


Absolutely. But I have to stay in the center of it where it is safe.


Thank you so much for your help.


I do that?


Oh, this person? No, I don't know anything about--


All of Australia is turning off.


Okay, here's another option Dimension Door. What if you go and hug one of the beams and Dimension Door the beam out?


Obviously it doesn't take psychic damage. That's 16 points of damage.


I do. Oh, quarterstaff. I think that's what I'm proficient in. So I'm going to, crossbow, quarterstaff, some darts.


It doesn't?


I'm going to say  All right. Well, if we're going to light this damn house on fire and make it a symbol--


I'm damaged a little.


Grog, you saw that, right?


I don't know. I am looking at it.


And please, vaccinate your kids. (laughter)


Give me Trinket.


We press on.


I'm very strong. It's probably bigger than I am.


Because it's a black stone?


Over shit!


I packed this, just in case.


That was wisdom, fascinating. Okay, I'm right in the thick of it, aren't it?


Lionel!


Yeah, the King's Hall.


It was amazing.


It's roomy.


You know what? I really like your scales. I would probably fashion a cool cover for my arm.


Very stupid.


Thank you, thank you. So, down the one hall.


Keyleth's got family. We can visit her family.


Oh my god! What's with these rolls!?


Yeah! Thank you!


And we still have Pass Without a Trace on. 34.


You know, you could've spent your time making two very complex Lego pirate ships. All week.


Upon arriving in the sprawling metropolis of Emon, the party continues to hear of children disappearing, and reports of a black-haired, golden-eyed boy befriending them before they vanish. While investigating, they do a few odd jobs, one of which unexpectedly leads them to the home of Syldor, Vex and Vax's father, and his new wife and child. Awkwardness aside, Syldor is here as ambassador to Syngorn, the elven city of their origin, to seek aid from the Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei. However, the political climate of Emon is tense with a recent, failed attempt on the royal family's life making Uriel unreachable at the moment. Syldor's connection within the Council has now gone missing, and his mission stands at a complete standstill. He hires the party to look in on this missing ally, Sir Gregory Fince, and get his ear back to Syngornian business. Vox Machina finds Sir Gregory's home dark and still, pushing them to infiltrate and investigate. Within, they discover a dark presence in the home, leading them into a battle with demons in the basement. The battle won, Sir Gregory's tortured corpse is found, as are his notes about the attempted assassination on Uriel and his family. It seems that since the attempt, the royal family has grown strange and withdrawn, keeping Uriel from the council most hours, and his wife now demanding she attend all meetings, whispering in the Sovereign's ear and scoffing at the others who defy their decree. A General Krieg thwarted the attempt, and is mentioned often. The party decides to inquire with him. On their way out of the basement, half of the party falls into a trap, tumbling into a cistern and are flushed deep below into a subterranean river system. The trapped party members-- Vex, Keyleth, Grog, Tiberius, and Percy-- come to rest on a small island in the vast Crystalfen Lake, home to a terrible aboleth! Barely escaping, they eventually discover the base remnants of an ancient town, long toppled, and a small hut that contains a clever hag named Trysta. Tiberius finds one of his prized artifacts and makes a dangerous deal to acquire it. The party barters for information on how to escape, which Trysta will give... in exchange for their aid in slaying a newly nested denizen that threatens her work. The party agrees, climbing to the very top of the Crystalfen Cavern to do battle with an umber-hulk. The fight goes south when Grog is tossed from the cavern ceiling, nearly dying upon impact with the island, but victory is eventually theirs. Returning, Trysta shows them a hidden staircase that exits into the Graveyard District of Emon.


Give me your rat and I'll have them cook it and bring it back for you.


What'd she do?


He's trying to resist. Scanlan sent a Fireball at it and it's fucking with it.


Tracy. [laughter, cheering]


You don't chew on your own toenails or anything?


You shouldn't bother. It's over!


Where is John Connor?


That's why I liked her.


I can send a message or-- tell you what. I'm not going to waste a spell slot. I'm just going to run upstairs and tell Nadine to not disturb my mom, but to ask if it's okay if I come by tomorrow, maybe.


It's metagaming, you can't. We're not allowed.


A big, purple, pierced demon walked into the room and was like, hello.


Where are they coming from?


Three masts.


I grab her by the ear and say, "That's mine. That's mine."


45?


I'm following.


Right? Okay.


All right, let's give it a try.


Or to a Banana Republic, maybe? (laughter)


No, we are interested in more of a buffet, here today.


Reckless!


Should we look for another building we can duck into? To lose their-- So they can't find us?


God, I want to get in that ship!


It'll just fall in? It won't go straight down.


I can't Counterspell his Counterspell?


Is this for you, or for my brother?


What, what do you want?


--you were a hero.


Yeah! Ding!


Nice. 27.


On what? My spell DC?


No keys or anything like that?


You got your broom still, or is the broom--


Yeah, yeah. I mean, the water's got to come from somewhere, right?


He gets weird when he kills people when he burns them. He did it before.


I know something about sailing! The right one is the bow and the left one is the stern.


It's too dangerous.


Are they in the box of holding, there in the box? Somewhere.


You forget you have clout. Part of the point of clout is that you spend it. You spend your clout.


(splashing)


Sure. Great.


Sure, but your dupe floats. We're assuming that the snake creature's asleep?


I don't agree with that line of thinking.


Everyone was clutch. Pike.


I feel like I'm going to get pantsed by a goliath at any moment. Don't do anything. Don't change anything. I haven't lied. I've told the truth. If you'll have me, I'm yours. If you don't want me, I understand. And that's all there is to say. And then I actually walk off.


Plus that's 16 points of damage.


Caleb? I want to talk about mutiny.


Good for you guys.


You? You're not--


Fine, if Matt wants to change the rules 100 games in, I guess so.


That was long.


That's it, that's it, that top one. That one. Yeah.


Wow, that was amazing! She just went for the bad boy thing.


That's not true, it actually is quite impressive.


I'm looking out for werewolves, for lycans.


There's no way these fuckers are charismatic.


So? We know where they are.


Yeah. Am I close to the edge of the main tent?


Over the earring, not alone. Not alone. Something up ahead. I don't think we're camping.


Man, you are looking a little rispy-- Pour out a little ale into a goblet, and I give him a goblet of ale.


(old lady voice) I feel fine. I feel happy.


Wait. The total distance from us to the end of the 12th river is how far?


Dex.


Athletics? Oh, shit. Acrobatics would have been much better.


Exactly like that, Grog, exactly like that.


I fucking hate goblins, that doesn't mean I know their language.


The tome  As an action, I can expend a spell slot of any level higher than three, thank you Travis. The cover and the pages glow of secret text of the Rites of Prime Banishment. While legible, you can spend an action to invoke the Rites of Banishment against the target. The target must make a wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the target is banished and sealed and this book is immediately teleported to the Endless Atheneeum. On a success, the text becomes blurred until the end of your next turn.


Oh shit, give him food, Grog!


With a plus four, it's 17.


Wait, don't we have a magic carpet or something?


Thank you for all your assistance. Did he tell us a price for fixing Vax?


Race you for it.


Oh, yeah, on the rating.


I'm going to figure it out right now. Just as a reasonable Whitestone peasant.


Can I go over to Vax?


See you never.


I pull a card.


So if I drag Keyleth out of the window, could I go through the window? Am I too big?


First one is 24. I think.


Beau.


Penis necklaces.


Another shot at him. Same deal.


I was going to say, can we hop a ride?


Ow, not very good. Seven.


So wait, can he combo-use that and be like fine wine and chug it?


Now it's three.


And they can just pass.


(laughing) I put it on Pike's head.


I've read about this. We bury him under the ground for five days and five nights, all will be better.


(laughs) Can't win.


Have you looked at the table of contents yet? You should look at the table of contents. It'll make you really happy.


1,200 gold pieces.


All right. I'm gonna go a couple steps to the right, like split the difference between me and Percy.


No, I took off running.


I cast Hold Person at 3rd level.


Quickly?


It could get us into the temple a different way, but not into the chamber.


What if we save them forever?


Walk faster.


Hallo.


Okay. What are we doing?


All right, we can talk freely.


How many tentacles does it have?


I'm going to use Minor Illusion to create a bull's eye right around his crotch. Concentric circles glowing.


Which you don't do.


And there's no point even asking questions because we've asked them all for two hours, yeah?


So let's just do that, and the rest of the plan stays the same.


And I'm gonna just hang behind the party that's got the hostage dwarves, and just kinda see where they go.


What is this offer that you speak of?


I know. I mean, I know the carpet's gone, but maybe there's like an individual sort of item that's less expensive than a flying carpet, I don't know. Just wondering.


Whoa, awesome.


Ey! I was actually just looking for the loo?


I want to move-- no, I'll stay right where I am. Can I reach forward, grab his head and his shoulder, and go in for a bite attack at his neck?


Go Gunther!


From ghouley deads, specifically.


This is going to be fun.


Isn't that hard since he's not technically recognized?


Oh, here it is.


This is a fair fight.


Thank you. Yeah, anyway, I know.


Shouldn't we? I'd like to move as much directly in front of the creature as possible.


Horrible bastard.


Ooh, 'How to build a tabletop RPG character'! That's very helpful.


I'll head on out there.


You guys! We got to find Larkin!


The ten minutes is clean-up. (laughter)


Isn't it buried completely at this point?


Levitating thingies!


What deal? You wanna tell us what deal it was?


Okay. I start taking my short rest.


I sing my-- what is it called? Counter-- Cutting Word-- no, yes, what? Cutting Words! And I try to distract him as he's attacking me. What is that, a d8?


15 points?


I have two places to go. The first, we're going to the Burnished Bibelots. The second is a surprise. But I know that I whisked you away in a hurry the other day and you weren't done browsing.


Sure, yeah. Why not?


Someone from your deepest imagination.


Bugger all, I got to fix this shit. Oh, what a clusterfuck.


We played D&D and we moved crates for eight hours. (laughter)


Wait! This means we are friends.


Yes, I am! Have you seen my work? Remember?


Yeah, we gotta kill a dragon tomorrow. We gotta kill a dragon. What do you need?


Well, I'm keeping it.


I'm gonna put it in Tary's bag.


Okay, yeah. Molly, I need something from you.


I understand, but you know many people. You are obviously a very knowledgeable fellow who has vast connections.


So do you like being guards?


A statue garden?


You almost touched it, sorry.


You're both wet.


I probably have ten feet of movement which I would like to use to move back to where I was and try to not hyperventilate against the back of this building.


(laughs) Oh jeez.


Is it the same guy?


Oh. All right, I'll go to her left buttcheek pocket and fish around.


It's a nine.


That's Ashley.


Oh. (laughs) Oh, wow. It's like you have a halo.


Skittering beasts?


I feel like we all learned a very valuable lesson right now.


15. I've already activated a sword.


I pictured him with black hair, too.


Look for an empty room. Or is every room in the house full?


Our first game was great, I've got some good memories from that one.


Plus, there's always one of those Pumats around.


It's that way.


That's not bad. 19.


I will visually inspect it for traps.


No, I'm getting into that.


I think it's hilarious that we can think we can.


5-9, 5-8, 6-1.


I grab Keyleth's hands.


Yeah, I had it prepared, and that's what I wanted to cast. (fake sobs)


In great details of the internet. Just saying. I went there. It was already there.


I start looking at the ceiling. Is there any type of-- what are those? The observatory. What are those called, Percy? The celestial, tell you the stars thing?


Well look here, now that we're back peering through the doorway at this. We have this star on that corner, and if you would rotate-- we don't know what we're rotating is the thing.


That's really beautiful. That's amazing. Does it do this every night? Wow.


I'm training.


Six measly little hours of travel. I can track it.


Can he move?


For all intents and purposes, I'm already hidden; I don't need to hide again, if it's already blind?


I shoot a holy arrow at it.


But if you can't guide us through the Moonbrush--


And it quickened.


It's always a big-ass mouth.


He's not wrong, though. It actually is a pickle. You can taste it.


It sounds real familiar.


Will the beacon hurt people, though?


I need quite a bit of your finest paper and ink. I have a dearth of scroll-- a dearth. A mighty dearth.


Good call. Should this just be Vox Machina?


And get to that archer?


Trying to think if I should move a little bit.


I have no idea of the responsibilities. In fact, I have no idea what being a lady really means, except for saying I'm a lady every once in a while.


Now, the door's open behind them, right? If I use perception, do I see anything behind them, any switch or lever or anything?


And you left because...?


And you would like a job at our bakery?


And that's 16 points of damage.


What's this character called? What's this character called?


Well, my arms are starting to do this thing so I'm going to start going down.


That. Was. Sick.


I'm not, I'm going there, because I still want to be able to get to it. I'm going to hold a Flurry of-- Can I hold a ki point action? Or can I hold an attack? Or can I hold an attack and then decide I want it to be a flurry of blows?


I have advantage on charisma saving throws right now, do I not?


That'd be hilarious.


We gotta interrogate him! Her.


Touché. I'll follow you, though. I'll follow you to the end.


I'm putting down my mask, just in case this is awful.


When I leveled up, it already gave me two extra hit points. Why?


That's disgusting. So there was really nothing there?


Oh, no! This is what happens when we sit down and we talk.


I start combing her hair with my fingers, out of her eyes.


I mean, what's the point of having gold if you're not using it for something? I mean, otherwise it's just something that's making it heavier to walk.


Is it going to be your crew?


I do, and we will never discuss why again, but yes, I did do this, and I'm so glad I wrote it down correctly because that was very embarrassing. I'll have this approved.


Do you know where she lives?


Oh, no, that's really impressive.


I feel fine!


Sharpshooter shot misses. And another shot, seven, 19?


She did it.


Do we have to go to the bottom of the ocean again?


Yeah, what is with the scar? I've got one myself.


Here's what I don't have. I don't have a plan.


And it's okay?


You're going to be so sticky. What's it taste like? Peppermint?


A-fucking Jenga. (laughter)


I was thinking that.


25 to 20?


Fair point.


Yes Nott, I won real good.


Go ahead, put one on, what could happen? We're in a safe place.


Boat shoes.


The Siege of the Metal Champions.


Fine. Monk's got nothing on me.


Is that what we're going to do?


How many fairies are left?


(singing) Fire!


What, your eyebrows just go like this?


I'm following Vex out.


Nice!


Summon the staples!


I heal eight points.


No, I will stay tucked in my little closet. Is there a way I can hide but still see around the corner? No?


No. Didn't we talk about this?


If we can all get together, I actually brought Heal today because Pike wasn't here.


Short rest? Okay, just checking.


I'm going to come tell you anyways.


There it is! I know, this is great.


I'm really good at lying.


What do you think, Molly?


It'll make your shirt move, it's legit.


It got eaten by the darkness.


We barely escaped.


You have 30 hit points.


Really, what you did back in Syngorn was more than I ever expected, and honestly it's, I don't know of any other time that somebody has stuck up for me quite as much, outside of Vax. So thank you.


That's okay.


Okay, five, six, seven, eight, nine, plus four, which is 13, plus another six which is 16, 19, and a six which is 25.


Hey Nott, have you ever been dancing before?


It'll get you super drunk.


Professor Thaddeus!


Yes! Hello, I am Marisha Ray, and I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari tribe. And I am the Circle of the Moon druid. Level nine.


Okay, so that bumps you back up once you've gone down once. So really, he needs-- and you, well, no. You won't come back right away.


Did I put that down? I might have written my proficiencies--


We got lucky.


It was a free $50 coupon for Lyft.


We could also add to this note that Frumpkin delivers that Avantika-- Here is your proof that Avantika wants your throat; the whole crew is complicit.


Vasselheim?


Sleep, talk to the gardener.


I'll make a perception check because we could total up all my rolls and I'd have five.


I did, yeah. I was curious about the werewolves. So I went to go see the nymph in the frozen lake. You know, the one that's all about Grog.


Is it, like, well-balanced?


Well, no.


Last thing we want to do is take the fall for these assholes.


Look, guys. I'm Molly. Look! I want to go over to the military booth.


Is that how I sound?


This is why I didn’t even bother to take it off.


I am literally the least hard man to find. I tell everyone my name, I wear a gold helmet, and I walk around talking about myself.


Seems a little late for a wager at this point.


Oh, that's cool!


The keep. For little sneaky holes that I didn't know were there.


I don't know, are you going to leave me tied to a table?


He's on the ground?


No, it's not! Is it really?


Oh man. That's a lot of rolling.


Evil Grog?


Out her eyeball.


I think his intelligence is a four, so he's two points lower than you.


It's cage, cage, cage? It's not wooden bottom, wooden top? It's with bars? There's no weak point?


Okay, so Mage Hand is holding the dynamite. Go ahead and light it, Yasha.


Five. I don't want to talk about it.


This is a disaster.


Oh, no, I've seen this before.


He's got a good beard.


Should we all have a buddy? Should we call these now? I call Caleb.


He has 6,000 health points.


Kord? Groon?


Did they say to bring one back? Or to break it? The relic.


Two for me.


Oh, cool, okay.


Also, fuck that raven bitch.


Well, it is complicated. And, as hells go, there could be worse hells. I've been reading.


Don't worry, it's a big woods. It'll be okay.


Let's go shopping at Pumat Sol’s and then we’ll divvy up everything when we’re in private.


No, we're going through the roof now, I thought. No?


We've got them now!


Percival, there's nothing I want more than for you to take Bad News and unload it on every one of those motherfucking shits, but if you're me and I'm nobody, if I'm a ghost, I can help take out one or two.


Salty. Oh no.


I'm afraid to start anything. It's 11 00.


Scry!


A ton is 1,000 pounds. Right?


Why do I have food in my hair?


I go over to one of the cages.


Oh, now we're trapped in here with the fart! It's like a big Dutch oven!


Oh, so it's the Noise Room. (heavy bass thudding)


Is it all upper body?


We'll just have to be fast. Be really speedy.


When I beaned the guard. They should not have been able to see me.


Isn't that so wonderful?


Pirate gear!


It's pronounced av-riggle.


They're spectral?


And piercing eyes.


Oh my God. Please, please, please. He's used up his legendary resistances, right?


Scanlan. Shh.


WeeklyFactoids is the guy who bought 8 shirts!


It took me weeks to forge it.


Reloading, taking another shot. I don't care, I don't care.


21 damage on the first. And then 19 on the second. That's also Sharpshooter.


Do you have wizard envy? It's okay, it's a very large tower.


That's a significant diamond.


Yeah! That's 2d12.


He was pissed at the other dragons, maybe.


Let's take three swipes right out of here.


Marked for death.


That sound!


She's trying-- Percy? Percy, she's trying to bait you. She's trying to waste time right now. Come on.


I'll take the plus-one javelins. And I'd like to put the flayed skin in your refrigerated bag.


Those are probably bad.


I run across the coal pits and Superman punch the pyramid.


That poor bastard.


It's hardly a coincidence.


Crush that windpipe.


Plenty of scales.


Lord of the Rings, fuckin' Lord of the Rings. There you go, there's the answer.


We can move it up first.


Nott, you should hide.


You probably need to hold it.


I duck back behind the wall.


(Grog voice) It's true. It's very true.


Spell save 15.


Fix that shit.


We need to find Kima, we need to go to the Temple of Bahamut.


Right. So every single time you play a card, normally it has an action that is attached to it. So I'm playing Catwoman, who allows me to look at another player's hand. Poison Ivy? Noted. Now it's your turn.


Yeah, we're sitting next to you.


The Stormlord?


I get three-- no.


A siggle.


No. No, I just-- You guys were gone for a really long time.


Should we hide?


Yeah, fucking take it.


Which is 16.


Even under-- On its tushie?


Am I immune to that as a fire elemental?


We're tied?


What the fuck happened?


Are those Freddy Kruger chopsticks?


Come on, you're a warrior.


It only wanted to fight you.


Oh, I thought that was a natural 20.


I could have just done that this whole time?!


So I'll go with the lower of the two. 1d8 plus four. 12 plus a 1d6 psychic damage and he has to make--


I wasn't a little boy! No.


Your first statement was accurate.


He's a Fomorian?


So she's been here.


What's a hit point?


Do you have chocolate milk?


Okay. Well then, I will turn to the imp next to me and I will slash at it with my shortsword.


Jamedi, Captain, either of you know anything about these trees, or its fruit that grows in darkness?


Jester, come on. She is just trying to tug on your heart strings. She'll be fine.


I had that in my one-shot.


I don't know what he heard. I don't know how often he listens to us, I don't know any of that.


I can help. I want to go up and carve a bear onto the tree growing out of Vorugal.


You skipped me. And I rolled a 20.


Right, allies.


You've got light, boy, you'll be fine.


Liam, what are you looking forward to in Chicago? Is it the sausages? The brats? The deep-dish?


I mean, the fact that any of us are still doing that is impressive at this point.


Everybody's so generous here! You can give me all of the platinum, then. I don't mind.


We're going to take him to the castle.


17!


Meaning Matt is unhappy.


Just us.


That wasn't a word.


Clever girl.


All right, Grog, take off his little marble please.


Yes! I love you, Jester!


Can I leave now? I go to the kitchen to eat.


(singing) Can you answer the call? Dig in deep in your soul as the legend unfolds. Now it's your turn to roll! [fire burning] (laughter and cheering)


We have one problem at a time. We have Delilah, and we will deal with--


Tunguska.


All right, I'm going to use a bonus action--


Yeah, he pauses, he's looking for green or blue or goth.


You are really strong. That's the end of it, I have nothing else to say.


I'm not asking.


I say translate the one page, give the cipher so that they can figure it out on their own. Let's give the whole thing to him, just all the jewels, all the box, the whole thing top to bottom.


You've got the fancy broom.


Okay. Awesome.


Then Beau will go down first.


We're the showroom window.


That's how they say it in Kentucky.


I've got one perception. Oh, it's passive.


If I were animal life, I would live beneath the surface.


Okay, I would like to cast Vow of Enmity on this dick, which will put me at regular, because I would get advantage versus the disadvantage of blindness, so now I'm at regular.


What about that big white dragonborn, maybe he knows?


I thought it was negative three.


Oh! All the way on the other side. I thought it was central.


You wanna fly down? We fly down, I take the broom and try to find a log.


Do not touch it, Percy!


To get to Critical Role, take the 101 with the 5 to get up to Burbank to get to Critical Role.


Try to maybe see if I can tie some of those stalks down to his head with it. Yeah?


They know.


I saw, like, 40 or 50.


Could you maybe make the sun reappear?


Yeah, that don't hit.


All form a circle and hold hands.


11. Is his regeneration an ability check?


Do it right now. Ready? I'm going to do another Stone Shape spell into the ground.


Okay, I will throw two.


This is crazy!


Mariya and Howaardt?


Message received.


Do you still have the--


We can go to the pond.


Sure! I don't see why not.


Yeah, this is my shirt. Forever.


Oh, I was looking at mine.


Of course I am. I'm always with you.


Am I protecting--


I'm smashing my head into the fucking bow.


Okay, I'm going to use Healing Word for Percy.


Well, can I do a spell? Okay, Mass Cure Wounds.


He got nine points of damage?


That could've gone worse.


I'm turning into Ashley Johnson. Okay.


Are you standing up for me?


Right in your face! Haha, incredible.


No, you weren't.


Wait. Oh, wait, no. I have holy water. That is not the same thing.


-- in the palace?


Oh, I have to stealth. Oh, God damn. Okay, that's 13.


Worth a try.


Yeah, what could we put into his mouth? This is all out of character, I don't know any of this stuff, but I would like to talk to Travis about swallowing whole, long swords.


I rolled that poop thing again.


I'm going to say in Halfling to the man  it's okay, just calm down. Everything's going to be fine. I start cutting him out.


Well, fuck it.


We can also seek to employ their services.


And bees, and bees.


That sounds like the best thing ever.


Oh, okay. There was a third guy, right, that they killed early on?


That's the game.


A pleasure doing business with you. This haircut might very well be the fate of the world, so thank you.


I'll just say, Doty! Go back up Grog!


This is immortality. This is everything. (sighs, chuckles) I may never leave. I glide over to Vex and hold her close. This is stunning. My god, I think they may have actually forgotten all the idiot things I said yesterday.


How about I just aim for this area and if I catch lip I'll take it as a victory.


No, I want to pursue you making a mask for Doty.


What did Kraghammer mine? What was their deal?


Big money, no whammies.


Autobots--


You say you're a scientist.


Okay. Oh, I have a red dice, it's so perfect and I never choose this one.


We're on Vouk.


Beau's low.


Aren't I good like above 20,000 feet in really, really cold environments?


Athletics. 23.


I go up to Percy. Are you all right, dear?


I can send her in a direction.


We got our lives.


I'll take 20.


It's good for your back, it's really true.


Does Scanlan Two take my initiative, or no?


I'm not interested--


I ducked back behind that tree after I shot, by the way. I ducked back behind the tree when I shot that person.


I pull the helmet off.


50 subscribers.


I should have picked you up.


I pay it, and you can sleep through it or not, if you like.


Keyleth goes Mickey in Fantasia for a second, and she's the axe to the brooms, killing my creation.


We have to go punk some guy's ass who's been harassing her. If you want to join us on kicking this guy's ass, and then we can report back to her.


We might need a mini for that, because that sounds awesome. Holy shit.


It's middling.


Grog, does that thing make mimosas?


Oh, yes. My place is here. I'm coming back to Whitestone with you, I have to. I have to retrieve Doty and my personal belongings.


Are you feeling Lucky?


This is a little diamond I use for that one thing I do.


Have you seen the dark skies?


So I can get on there with everybody else?


No, put it back. [laughter]


He does. He does have a mansion. It's a magic mansion.


No, no, everything's great. Is Allura in here, as well?


I shout through the window, loot the body! And I keep looking in the things with Percy.


If he has weird dreams-- don't worry about it. Children, you know.


I think it's this direction, if I remember.


Okay. Let's go find a couple of horses. I'm going to ride Trinket, so we only need one extra horse.


Why thank you. We'll be The Mighty Ten! No? That's not how it works?


-- looked like it went 30 feet further out.


Who the fuck is this guy?


Can I-- That's 2nd-level, I can cast it. I cast Hold Person. On them.


They haven't gotten back yet. Nevermind, all right, I'm jumping ahead.


(as Jester) I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on little man.


(laughs) Stop.


Yes! 826LA is a charity that focuses on tutoring children in an after-school program and helping specifically with creativity, storytelling, art and general things that relate to Dungeons & Dragons. You should definitely check out the Time Travel Mart. There is one in Echo Park and one in Mar Vista. They have this amazing storefront where you can buy these awesome tchotchkes and things that go immediately to support the charity and the stream. It's awesome. It's 826LA, you should look it up. There's a few all over the country.


Oh yeah, reckless.


We've got work to do.


Well, I mean, I'm debating whether or not to sharpshooter it to do-- no, I think I'll just push him off the roof. It's funnier.


19 hits.


(quickly) Yeah, yeah, yeah!


And ever and always. Boys. My brothers... I love you.


This could potentially kill us all.


We've never seen anything like it before. He just-- he gripped his heart and fell over and turned into that thing.


Think I died.


He has it.


She's kind of right.


Very sneaky.


Clarota, what do you suggest we do? Do we stay, do we leave, or do we-- what do you? There are hundreds upon thousands of illithid rushing at us right now, and they don't like me very much, by the way--


I'm casting Find Familiar and I'm changing Frumpkin's shape.


You're going to float your dupe across the water, and as soon as you say go, your dupe casts?


Well hey, more kindling.


Can I perception and make sure there's no traps around us? Just to make sure. We're just popping in, and this is a magic house, am I right? So I can't check for traps worth shit.


It might make another exhaust port for the heat and the water.


I'm happy to move in whatever direction anybody likes.


I lean in the door and say, you've been in there long enough to pay rent, what is going on?


I've used five, and I think I get six.


Next round.


That's it. That's all we have.


Is there a possibility it could explode just--


Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Party members.


Are we fighting something now?


As my bonus action-- I do have a bonus action-- can I use my second wind?


I also have a bakery!


Yeah, we want the wish, we can do whatever we want to with the wish and not take it, but yeah.


It was actually up to me to remember, and I didn't. She was closest to home.


Ask if there's a cancellation fee.


Oh. Do I feel old?


Did you want to stay in that room any longer, Molly?


What should we disguise ourselves as?


Is everything okay, Starosta? You seem rather stressed. I'm good at spotting these things.


There is that word again. It has many meanings.


No! What? I thought we were getting to know each other.


All right, I will bonus action disengage and run to Caleb.


Oh, before dinner, I think we were all just curious on the state of the... ziggurat, as we were calling it.


Yes. Behind me. And I should be front and center. You guys can flank--


Does he have armor?


Yeah. I'll try to be conscious to make sure I don't hit anything that looks precarious.


(imitating Grog) I would like to bogart the flying carpet and everything in the fucking Bag.


A visual? Matt, there's too many maps!


Yeah. There was a politician in the town where I grew up that I didn't like very much.


Oh, very good. Okay, cool. That's like my second language.


Yeah. Hopefully we're together, though, but yeah. I toss Vex the Gate Stone.


I put my laptop on the coffee table, I hit click, and I started going--


That's my boy, Grog!


Go to Loot Crate, click the link. Show some love.


And I don't know what this is, and I am worried that it could potentially create--


I'm sorry. It just looked so inter-- I'm really impressed with how well you took down that guy, though!


Books that want to get out.


All right. Let's go back to the main group and tell them what we've discovered.


I've never gotten it further than that first stage, so I don't know.


I'll go after Twiggy.


I was wanting to, like, ride him, stand on top of him--


Gone. Yeah.


Irritated? Or was inferior the word you were looking for?


Oh, hide. Oh, is it a food or a drink?


I guessed it! Yes!


So? It's still in your blood.


(laughs) Four?


Got to get a healing potion in that guy stat.


Okay, that is a 22.


This fist-sized glass sphere -


Leap out of the way!


Oh man, that's going to be a good Talks later. (laughter)


Did you ever have braces or anything?


What is that, 13? No, 12.


I'll try knocking him prone, and see if that does it.


Oh, I don't know what I'm doing. What is going on? I never attack with Trinket. 13.


Ball sack.


We're not much use to anyone right now.


'Cause he mind-speaks, right?


Well, he sounds like a real son of a bitch.


T., give me something! Show me some magic. Give me a doodad.


That totally could be a fanged grin. Okay.


Yeah, because maybe he'll remember and tell us.


Motherfucking Mercer. That intonation.


We took them all outside and they stayed there.


Hey, Fjord? You've got that fancy armor that helps you float. Do you think maybe you could get underneath the docks? Overhear something?


We have one more if we want it.


Is he grappled?


(shouting) Who's trying to punk our ass?


Oh! Oh, it says--


You did Purple Man? Why would you do that?!


He left for good?


Okay, 12 plus, I don't know what, 12. Is my attack, his attack, snake attack?


Can I have that book please?


You can't explode a diamond.


So I can't get a critical hit on this because I don't have to roll?


Actually. Well, hold on. You got to stay here, right? Because of the--


So it can be from the Timalts.


We’re in!


It was Nott.


Hunter's Mark one of them.


Will anybody gain something back from a short rest that we really need, or do we need to go after them?


Or to Avantika or Vera?


Natural 20. (all cheer)


Delilah.


I have a little bit of a problem with authority and I didn't want to be caught in a small and confined space and then that ended up happening.


Have I done something again? Have you seen my son? What's your name? You're a strong looking--


You all have honest faces. Particularly her, over there. Very honest face. What can I do to help?


He's going for Scanlan.


Oh, there we go, a kid.


A long-term idea.


(quietly) That's good, that's good.


It's not concentration. I mean, it's concentration for a minute, but then after it's cast, it's okay.


I'm in the doorway, man.


The reach around?


Don't lose your hand, Scanlan. We don't have Pike to regenerate it right now.


Oh. Yum.


Matthew, what does everyone else have around them?


Let's try and talk to it.


Yes, Maryanne Darrington.


They're the things we've been fighting.


All right. Seeing Lady Kima slowly getting taken under, I make eye contact with her.


That's why I wrote Broad Barn down.


A knapsack of--


What did we each make off of--


It's your old mount?


Good on metal, not so good, necessarily on--


Keep picking!


No, he will, Scanlan! You just calm down.


Oh! Oh, Grog! Oh, Jesus!


Other than shoot him again. We have a javelin and that is all we've got.


Are you the funeral director?


I mean, I might have a part in it.


I don't have any faith! Here, we'll make a deal. I'll let you keep that gun if you give me the other one.


(sings) Scanlan make you feel good.


Yes. And the damage is 1d10 plus seven times three?


Oh, yeah. Oh yeah.


We need to talk about this more on the road, but we should get going.


I do. I try to.


We'll shop in Emon in the morning and then head out to Westruun. They'll have shops there, too. Just not as many.


He got to the top of the temple. That was it, right?


Yeah, you know, ain't nothing. (coughs) (high-pitched) Oh!


Is that everyone done?


Crookedstone, yeah.


Over here!


So mayhaps with the bear entering, there is enough of a distraction for one suit of armor to clankily make its way down?


Or distract away from us and then go.


The basic level.


They guy we missed because we laid low from him and he flew over and we were like: 'don't move,' and we missed him?


So you're pretty hungover, you don't have a lot.


I take that back. We Tree Stride.


Ellipses.


Well, we're waiting for the total, but yeah.


You are technically a civil servant as well, so you're making money there.


Why is he doing his eyebrows up and down?


I cast Dispel Magic on the cages or I could attack the person about to attack me.


Whatever he gave me.


Do you know if the sewers flooded any time during the day? Any sort of unexpected water flows?


Does she only work on tips, or does she also get paid from the venue, or is that--


Is it a minus?


Did she get tapped in the head by the way? Since we are running her?


We could take out that guard, what was his name, Cole or something?


Why are you being a dick, Scanlan?


I'm going to grab Caleb and be like  You're going to be fine out there. It's going to be fine. Just think like a lizard, right?


Yeah, go for it.


Yeah, there's a beautiful place called Dalen's Closet. I think you would love it.


No! That's sacred.


Is it carrying our deckhand over open water now?


Yeah, but I give a shit about Scanlan.


(singing) The Ruby of the Sea, the best lay ever!


Whatever it takes to get to that back door.


All right, so I'm just Keyleth.


(whispering) You.


Well, this is exactly what I was hoping for.


What was their name?


Oh, yeah, sure.


Have you ever been in nature? Yes. Violence is extremely natural.


Does it look like a T, with a U, with an S, with a K. With an L--


I know she's running away, but she's a bad guy. I didn't hit her, though.


It was a 3rd-level spell, so it's an extra 3rd-level spell?


Doing so much math.


That's 25 to hit.


Being sneaky.


With the girl we found, right?


And use this as your latrine as well.


Oh jeez, that's so cool. Do you already wear a necklace, Grog? Do you have to attune to it?


Is there anything on the giant's body? Worthy of stealing?


History check, can I do a history check?


I take the tapestry off it and I ask it, what the fuck do you want? What the fuck are you? What the fuck is this?


We all come from different walks, all right?


On everything. Including our friends and everything in the room.


Oh, we did!


And I take advantage of her good mood and say, I just want 1,200 gold, and I won't ask for any more of it, any of the amount.


I want to look for flowers too, then!


Oh god, you're doing it, Keyleth.


Moisturizing products in general. Life needs moisturizing products to live.


I feel like that's deeply premature.


Call it 10 37 at this point.


I have a map in my study and I just pull it out and just hand it. I must have a map.


Take ten feet to the right. I can't--


Barely. Yes, for the moment.


Hey, Cad, you know ghosts, right?


Nine, ten, plus fury of the small, 12.


Investigation.


Two. (laughing) The lowest I can roll!


He doesn't want us to die.


Why doesn't it say? I guess it doesn't. It doesn't say.


It's a bag of stuff that I think you will like. I already removed all the fancy stuff from it though.


Don't lose your wits down here, it's real important.


So if we can't fly--


So, we're fighting it with wooden stakes?


Something that traps it?


Like a monster or something?


Wooden wheel cart.


That's the only die you ever roll, man.


Can I do a nature check to see what light source is making all this grass grow, or if it's like magical growing?


We're gonna try and see how many euphemisms we can-- We're going to talk about it like, "I know you think this is a new dog, but it's really the same dog, he's just better now." Yeah, we're working on it.


People never change, Keyleth.


Something metallic in the rubble. Vase above.


Plus necrotic.


We can also always-- yeah, all right. Wait, what did we just agree to?


Tickets on sale tomorrow! General admission and VIP seats! VIP seats are limited. So it's first come, first serve.


13. Not great.


Damn it, Gil!


No, she has a lot of-- she's an amazing woman, but talent is different than happiness, I guess.


J'mon Sa Ord.


That is a 25.


(clears throat) It was the guard.


Yeah. That's my bonus action.


No, wait. We're not bringing Kiri down, are we? Are you guys bringing Kiri down?


That would be lovely, thank you.


Oh, it didn't succeed.


Well, as much as I can do, but I want to make a nice hole to where he's still--


Jesus, a natural one and a four. So five.


Wow-- And you just have to, like, say that? You're like, 'Yo, Ipkesh, I take that second pact!'


Do you have ten gold?


Yeah, start it now! Just do it while we're walking!


Do you have any wine in your bag of holding?


About how many? Do I know about how many there are? Sensing their skittering movements under the surface.


In my dream, I saw from the top down, and I hit the water right in the middle of them and kept going deeper and deeper.


Shale, you seem almost like you're--


I'm going to make you something lovely.


Okay. I'm going to turn-- do you want to be a bat, too?


We should find out. Are you going in?


I'm a cool 45 pounds, yo!


Let me return that favor in a second.


Pit fiend-ish.


And then you'll help us out.


That's more civilized than what we were imagining.


Oh. Cool.


Ms. Beauregard, if I can.


I'm very cold, but yeah, that'll work.


Yeah, if I lose concentration, but I don't know--


So, if I go in the middle, can I do a Mass Cure Wounds?


Gil. Gil bought us kraken.


Wait, so, are we four?


(draws in a breath) Fuck.


And I'll take both of my attacks at the giant death-bringer. Just reckless, not great weapon master. Hoping for a crit, which was not it. 31.


I'm going to try and run through the Wall of Force. It's only five feet of my movement, and we'll see what happens.


(gasps) Kill them all!


Everyone else, please run.


Sure! Oh, yeah that hits. Yeah, of course.


If there's a vocal component-- only I have to be able to hear it-- do I need to stick my head out?


We don't really need - Well...


We've done so many fucking stupid things. But this is really stupid.


I was being honest. You actually got money off.


Yeah, I mean, it's funny, but we don't have that much gold.


Oh, Jesus.


I take Pike by the hand and go  here you go, chum, and I slap down my set in her hand.


It better be good!


I know. He's at 12. Can I get over to Vax?


Psst.


I do the same thing. I slip into the guard uniform.


You know what we should do first? Since we have a carpenter on board?


Sam! Text me the change in schedule, if you get a second.


And our warlock. (cheering)


Would they be fully capable to cast all your spells?


To carry her?


(hacking spit).


Up for another scrap?


Not stealthing.


Still 19. Yes, you double-advantaged me.


Well, I think, you know, maybe Deuce could do something about it?


Bearly.


(clears throat) Ring-a-ding-ding.


So a question  what's on the menu?


Yeah! She's doing good!


There's a magic doorway up there, I don't see any handles or anything.


While they're shopping, I just want to drill Keyleth a little more about her smooch that she got.


That’s also Bluegrass, folks.


That's what I thought. A couple of hours.


That's chromatic. Metallic! Bronze, silver, gold.


Well it's good-- jig's going to be up as soon as a giant--


Oh no, that was a bad expression!


And I would like to make my way over to the goliath woman.


I don't say shit.


I'm going outside with the two angels.


Serpersveshzhg?


All that clanking is actually this key moving about my armor. All right.


I can barely hear you.


I think that I left them in the Feywild.


I have gained so much weight since that picture, good lord.


Okay, we can check this off our list, probably. There are some dead inmates in here.


It's like Storage Wars. Just buy it. Who knows what's in there?


I'm planting Pike's glowing form right down on my sister's chest.


I go up and I try and find Vax.


I thought he paid for me; I thought you paid for me.


We're having a discussion of how best to go about this.


Hopefully not in the kitchen, though, so we're going to cook anything we like.


Yeah! Persuasion, you say? 15.


You're a good friend.


Sure, that's good!


I missed you so much.


My mother never did, but the Traveler told me lots of stories.


I can use my-- I actually can't do-- Am I going to panic and try and fix this?


You know, Nott, you count on Caleb to keep you safe, right, to achieve greater things than you by yourself can achieve. Think how many things you could do with all of us by your side. I'm not saying you don't have to be selfish, and I'm not saying that you can't go after treasure and coin.


Pacific Daylight Time.


This is amazing, Matt.


Light him up.


First attack is a natural 20!


No! Excuse me. And I pull out ten gold coins. That's all I actually have because I had ten left, (laughs) and I take those, and I give them. I'm sorry. This has been a misunderstanding. She's foreign, and she's royalty. Please, I'm from Draconia. She's from-- she's a druid. I say all this shit really quick, and I'm like, I'm so, so sorry.


Wait! I pull a stick out of my bag and I put it in my mouth and I bite down very hard on it.


Okay. So I can't Cure Wounds because I'm not close to him, right?


Oh, that's a three. He rolled the--


Well, that's what I was going to say. Do we want to find operations, try and recoup--


I know your name now!


It'll be a good test run, at least, for you. Then you can go back to your tribe and be like, "Yo, people relied on me!"


Man or woman?


Hey, at least it's cold so there won't be a lot of bugs around. Normally, bugs are terrible in swamps, I hear.


50 for the first hit.


Right. It's transmutation--


(laughs) Nine.


But you know!


It's the truth!


But he disappears in the back of the door.


See, that's what it was! That's what it was!


No, wait, you said you have oddities.


I'm not contradicting what you're saying, I'm sorry. When you say, "What use do we have for it?" It's a dangerous thing.


It's not--


Hold on, hold on, hold on, look, we have a chance to do good now, right now. People are dying. More people are dying.


Are we going to try and wait in the water and ambush as we go?


I'm very serious.


Ooh, that doesn't make my life any better does it. No, never mind then.


It's a cantrip?


Or it might just swallow all of us.


