Not like Portal?


I, um, you know, okay, I'm kind of new to all of this. I don't really know what's going on?


15 days, free! If you like it, keep getting it, pay five bucks a month, that's nothing. Or if you don't, whatever, it doesn't bother me. But it's only for Critters, and also if you go to backblaze.com/criticalrole right now, you'll see pictures of us, quotes from us. It's actually really cute.


Me up in the corner?


Do I notice anything shifty about that, while we were looking at his hands?


Let's see. How is everybody feeling right now?


We could use the tree to get over the fence and then run to the cellar.


(sighs heavily) I silently go and start harvesting the white dragon.


Second attack. There we go. That's a 21.


I should've written that down. Disintegrate. Oh, there it is! 60 feet.


(exaggerated American accent) I'm from California.


You like rings?


Add ten because I cast Pass Without a Trace.


It's preoccupied, so I just leisurely walk backwards about 30 feet, looking at the same wound that I started before.


Yeah, and the second one is 28.


Full disclosure, Tary, there aren't many damsels you have to rescue in the wild. I've learned mainly because women in the world have to be tougher. So that doesn't happen very often. But, if you want, we can make pretend and do a little thought exercise, and I'll pretend to be in distress and you can rescue me if that'll make you feel better.


Maybe it'll fling me away from the grenade.


If we break last week's record of 420 which I think they purposely stopped at 420--


And will be once more, I'll have it cleaned and pressed for you.


21 points?


Oh gosh. I don't really jump well. All right, I'm going to jump into the ring, I guess. And then can I shoot from there or will the wall be in my way?


Yeah, rolling wardrobe racks


Just on the cusp.


Oh, it's quite fun. It's quite nice.


But how will we know if she's telling the truth? She seems shady as fuck.


Can it make a bite attack?


What's Yenk doing down there? Sleeping?


What? Where? There? Where?


Let's all get some sleep, and in the morning, we're going to take care of this. One way or the other, we'll take this fight to them.


That's all right. Neither of us need a blanket now.


It's going to be on from two to six? Or six to eight, or whenever they want to show up?


You know, you have to follow your heart, so if you do have feelings for the lad, you at least have to tell him. Even if he won't return them to you.


It's only happened a couple of times, honestly.


No, it's fine. You did good.


It's kind of gross; I'm sorry.


I'll head there.


Does the pillar grant me any cover at all?


Yeah. Secrets make friends.


I need it for tax write-offs.


They get the job done


How easy is that?


And I say from the top of the tree, I don't know who you're touching, but I'm up on top of a tree.


Do you recognize those uniforms?


And I want to-- using the lava around me to rise out of the lava and look really scary and badass, and then I'm going to shout to the living elementals, I'm going to be like, hear my warning! I am your new master! Retreat to the Fire Plane or meet your imminent demise! This is your last chance.


(laughs) Thank you.


I'll just move over to the kid and hold the wound.


Future reference, the fog is bad. Not totally natural.


It would have been much more if Scanlan hadn't been around, that's all I'm saying.


I get up and hug Garmelie. What! You saved me. You're wonderful.


We have 30,000 gold pieces waiting for us.


Can I say something short to Nott before we switch to the last?


I can assure you, we're here to cause no trouble. We will be as compliant as we possibly can be.


Nobody else has any other questions?


So proud of you right now.


Oh! Wouldn't that be really loud? Wouldn't that draw them back, though?


Stretching a little thin right now, Percy.


My teeth hurt.


That's what he's been doing this whole time.


Go after them?


It was roughly, it was 20-something. 25.


Just curious how everybody's doing? Everybody healthy, happy?


So anxiety-inducing.


Oh, so sorry.


I mean, I didn't know if I'd thrown up in my mouth, and like swallowed it.


Now.


Otherwise, what else are we fighting for?


Should we just wait here, or is it going to be a while?


Just bones.


Grog?


How many batches of bullets are you going to let me attempt to make?


Even. I don't remember what the first--


What is a hashtag?


Yep. Banned cards.


Well, I'm just a little curious about how people use their magic.


(whispers) Statues.


The tanks on the ends.


All right, I'm just going to-- Oh! Six. That is six for me.


Oh my God. (all cheer)


Then you need to shut up and let us fix that tree.


That's Vax. He can dash.


Could you see when you were looking into their mind if it is open or if it is just a big cavern?


No one that I know of.


Ten total.


Do we see any books that seem interesting as we're walking through them?


That's so funny!


Don't look at somebody else, motherfucker. That's you!


So is it one piece or is there a strap on the back or it just goes (foonk)?


What about the other ones?


Yeah, I walk fast.


It's going to be, "The Magic Carpet of A Different Color".


Do you know what's really cool, though? We're not on the verge of death every fucking day right now.


Scanlan, is there any way you could absorb this sound?


You're carrying a sledgehammer on your back.


Well, if I can break it up into chunks, then that will be-- taking it apart. I'm going to take it apart, I'm going to put it back together, and I'm going to add the fifth barrel.


Not really, no.


Is your unseen servant okay?


That sounds like a great idea.


Let's go shopping.


Oh. Plus... three. 23.


We'll buy it with all of the gold that we've stolen from all the dragons. It'll be great.


(singing) Here comes the Scanlan Man.


We were all spooning.


But across the way is a 25-man battle with a huge, nasty boss.


Are you okay going down the stairs? Okay, okay.


How is this different than a sliced pickle?


That are open to the outside.


Guiding Bolt!


We've approached the island. We have another boat.


You're in the mansion.


Soft un-tread earth.


I hand the Potion of Climbing to Vax and say, don't die.


Natural snitch.


Hey, man, you're making progress.


Damn it, Vax!


Grappling with many things.


We should go back into the mansion.


Level two. You have advantage on saving throws against being poisoned, and you have resistance to poison damage.


Okay, so the first one is seven, the second is seven. And I want to use the rest of my turn to, as I'm hasted, to run around to the back of that obelisk and start reading.


Esque.


What did we open?


It's nine. Plus 13 poison damage.


You can fall off into the water if--


Fuck it, all white.


I think that probably--


I can make, I'm going to-- aw, crap. I'm going to phase down, and I'm going to pop up, and I'm going to break the well that's holding the Elder Brain.


It's pretty obvious you're going to have to hide it if we walk back in there.


Do we have stuff to put on the third horse to make it look like a pack?


All right, I'm going to use my Animus gun so I still have a hand open, and I'm also going to burn a point of grit so that I can get him to drop his staff. Here we go with advantage. Oh darn, it was so close. 28.


Wait, keep inspiring.


That's a lot, yeah, that's a big power.


Yeah. Together, right?


I rolled 11.


The head? The skull?


Okay, they do. That's 11 for the first and eight for the second and eight for the third. Right in his vampire guts.


I've got three.


I'm going to approach him and I'm going to cast Mage Hand. I'm going to have it float right up in front of me. I'm like, now, you better start cooperating, because it seems to me that you're getting very nervous. And we don't want to do anything. Nor do we want to leave. All we want is information. I guess we want to know what you want to know, too. We want a lot of information. So start talking and stop acting like a fool.


I don't know. It seems like they know, they decided without us.


Who wants to--


Don't speak!


I know. 14.


Internet?


Deuces Clay.


That's pretty good. Perception, 19.


Unforced error.


Whoa! We need to start getting some trammels in him, I think, y'all.


"What are you doing in there, Sam?" "I'm just looking at my spells!"


(whispering) Uk'otoa!


I will kill him.


Did you shoot it in the back?


This is a family thing, please keep out! (laughter)


Just +1.


Travis can move, he's not going to help you.


She's Duchess of the Grape Hunt so she's very good to lead.


Just one or the other?


What does it mean?


I like these people!


I would be closer to Percy than Trinket is.


Let's go down the chimney. At least I can go down there and look to see if it's possible.


Oh, what is that, what are they riding? They're riding like watery penises.


Big squishy ogre.


Maybe you can only get here if you're a believer of Sarenrae.


Carrot Top.


At once.


What about the people who absolutely need a short rest at the minimum stay.


I feel a little better.


Get the doll. I bet it's cursed!


Trinket! Where's the imp?


Ah, let me go! I'm crazy! Ah!


(stammers)


That's Hex baby. That is my action.


Fuck. (laughing) It's unreal. 11.


You are more than welcome to stay with me. I do have night terrors, so sometimes not fun, but you can stay with me or you could have your own room.


This one specifically, because I had to go find our friend in the Fire Plane.


Cleff, you sick bastard!


It's now ten, which means my modifier is zero.


Obliviate.


I will jump up onto Caleb and I will give him a big kiss on his nose, and I will whip out the last book I had. We still have books to go through!


But this is the theater.


It just looks like a cart.


At Yasha?


As he's talking, I motion to open the gates.


I'm going to, just for fun, drop two Cabal's Ruin in there, for my own amusement.


Give it to me.


It's stupid -


I would like to grab his head, since he's probably kneeling on the ground at this point, right? And say, there's only room for one to rage in this pit. And I take it, and I just smash into the top of his jaw, hopefully dislocating the bloody, lipless face that I see.


I don't know, everything I've seen so far--


Okay. Let's unlock it.


Just remember, that I came through.


There might be a chance.


Are we just perusing a bookstore, or--?


(small voice) Me?


115 pages in.


Oh yeah, maybe you can move it away, and then cool it.


Wait, wait, why does it need to be lead? I mean, you can turn anything into lead, can't you?


Does that hit, Ashley?


Tell us a story, Orly.


You made it prone; it's harder to hit that way!


Who is it, though?


I love trinkets.


Okay, I will perform a limerick for her to inspire her. I know an airheaded young druid / whose plans are more gassy than fluid / when the battle starts / she turns her pals into farts / they see danger and pass right through it!


(laughs) Volume one.


Human sized.


How close to you do we have to be?


What would you do with it?


Yeah, good, that's good.


What?! How could you have a staff and not give it a name?


Tremaine.


Keep the rage going? Nice.


I go  Melee range, you can't do it! And then a 19?


I know. I know, dear.


Let's check the other side.


No, you know, in all seriousness, I have been waiting for something. I don't know what. But I'm not running towards it.


You hear from under the bear, (muffled) I have been here before, and I will be here again!


We have spare horses now.


Okay, six and eight, okay, 14.


I should have done something about this.


Can we get some hash browns or something?


Oh, I didn't hit to-- Okay, so that hits. 16 plus-- 27.


I don't know about that.


Even surrounded--


On one condition. Don't wear any more dresses.


We did. It was nice. We played it more like Minecraft really, like Minecraft with snipers. Oh, this is such a nice garden we're-- and it's over. I don't even know what happened.


I thought it was going to be a good thing!


Make a left. I'm sorry, turn right, away from the action. And then I'll look at the guard behind and to the right of the big guy.


And that was the last anyone saw of Taryon Darrington. (all laugh)


I don't have--


It's for the best, because now there's no paper trail, just in case they are trying to--


Good shark.


(softly) Vax--


Oh no, wait, Ioun was healing for eight centuries. That's where I got that number. Sorry.


Fucking Louis.


Well, I don't feel like I'm comfortable to say here--


I take a few steps forward.


Yeah, I slept really hard.


It was Vax, Garmelie, Vex, Keyleth.


Horse killing is a feat you took, right?


Come here, darling.


What fine tender meats are in this dish?


It's a custom here you have to eat the dirt of the earth Ashari.


I don't know, guys. All right, I'll try. (shouting) Hello? We're stuck down here, and we want to come up. Let us out of the sewers. Let us up!


23fu meet Bonertown.


We can't move it, can we?


15 sounds nicer. Rounds up.


I love you. I'm so proud of you.


Great idea.


Yes, but not here.


Poor old woman? She's an evil mercenary. She deserves to be taken out!


(French accent) What can they do? I would be curious to find out.


Less steady!


Grog, I think you're thinking of a battle we can win, as opposed to a war we're losing.


All of us? Even Trinket?


Maybe less a monetary stat question. Maybe find a question about her personality or about her past or something that interests her.


I want to block the three guys out with my 50 feet.


Okay, all right. Then I'm going to use Disengage, I'm going to step five feet back. I'm going to use one action to click my Boots of Haste. And then can I attack, because the boots are on, after that? Then I'll throw a dagger at him.


Grog! Open your eyes. It's not really a deck, you see? It's a bag. With rocks in it.


15 fucking points!


That's a nice piece of hide armor. That's very nice.


I would have to use my action to move?


I will walk just behind Nila.


13, yeah okay.


He has everything that we want. But it's a lie. It's a ruse.


Oh, Yasha, before I forget, I got you something.


Can I use my full movement to come back up the stairs as far as I can? 30 feet.


October 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th. So you've got three weeks to prepare.


Pour a drink?


Take to the sewers!


I'd like to think that in the next campaign, we're going to find you in a glass coffin like Sleeping fucking Beauty.


I'm in a hurry, sorry! (whoosh)


Nope, it's this.


You don't have to pretend with me, it's fine.


Maybe I am.


(gasps) Do you want to stay with them?!


Well. I think we'd have to wait. Maybe we should just go?


No, that's awful.


Vax hasn't gone--


I guess it's not a-- what would I add, my strength?


They're getting married next week.


Oh the other drink? Oh fuck. Wait, before he goes, pardon me. I have one more order to make. I would like to buy a drink for Korshad, courtesy of Taryon Darrington. And I'll slip him a gold piece.


We made a friend.


Nott, you think you can fit under that gap?


I'm going to one at a time using Mage Hand.


Sorry. Vax'ildan.


I think that guy was wearing a wig.


It's fine. If he did something, we'd kill him.


I know. I know exactly what you want to do. Yeah, should be all right.


27 for Pike.


That's true, you could be Sorris.


Not in Vasselheim!


Super long!


Sarenrae's a big fan of the cube.


I can read your fucking lips.


What do you do with an owl during a fight?


It's over by Foromir Basin. Head for that if you can.


That's one of the oldest things in this bag.


Oh, for crying out loud. I push past them I just go, Jordana! Jordana, it's us!


Floats 100 feet in the air.


All right. I'll enter the room, I suppose. Just a little. Right there.


30. You're sleeping.


I'm a dad.


(with a mouthful of drink) I don't have any plans, so I do anything and it normally works out great.


We're not worried about you.


Yeah, but you can only do it once, though.


Let's fully rest. I'm going to make a leadership decision that hopefully everybody agrees with that we need more sleepytime.


Like super-secret spy. No, this is a very privileged role.


Plus one handaxe, thank you.


Is it sooty up here too?


You just regained nine hit points.


I know. Totally mind-blowing. I know you had no clue.


Do we send them away or do we send them down below? Like for shelter?


I need a new reed for that.


You're injured? I didn't even know! Is everybody injured?


You have done a noble deed for your people and for the rebel forces.


How far is it on the map from where we're standing to the farthest gnoll?


We would have died, for sure.


But Travis plays the lead villain!


Wait, what do you mean it spoke to you?


This is just what Batman needed, an ego boost. Batman needed an ego boost, great.


Nothing? I'm going to touch it.


What's in the urn?


(whispers) But her voice is so deep!


Yeah. So I'd to do a d10?


The Bromkiln. So this is not--


Hang on. Are you going into how Theo and the assassin had a thing?


Loses it for the rest of the round.


Don't say that. That's not cool.


Well, tomorrow is the day that it counts, because that's when we begin to crack some heads.


Yes, is proximity okay?


Key word is 'try'. Mainly by avoiding death at this point.


How strong do you think you are?


You were. Today, in this moment, for this 30 seconds of time--


It's an invisible spider!


Wait, somebody died?


That's unfortunate.


Do it.


I read. Not as much as some, but I read. This is the path that I have chosen for myself and I did it based out of desperation, at first. But everyone dies.


What's this?


Until when?


Should you reroll?


Yeah, like, "Dude! I got you something I like!"


Reverse engineer.


As soon as we get out of the room, I say  I was told to bring you to Caleb. I don't know why.


Bail. Bail! Bail! Out!


Yes, that beholder butthole that we had to fight, that we had no idea we had to fight, had this Orcus horn on his head. So we took it off and we kept it safe. That's what you wanted I'm assuming, to destroy it.


I'm a little thing. I have a little head. Maybe it could be just a shoulder pad.


You don't want me in my pajamas because they're--


We're here to solve a problem.


I appreciate that. Hopefully you will not have to play a funeral dirge for us.


Yeah, doing a full-on jello shot.


Blue skin's gone, horns are gone, no tail.


Did we feel that (whoosh) within the building?


Ooh, seashell bras.


We come back and say, that Ripley is very talented. She got away. Talented Dr. Ripley.


Let's just do it! Let's see what happens.


Should we go do that now or should we lay low for a little bit and make sure that he doesn't have anyone following us?


What if we paid you 100 coin?


I took it off.


Even I couldn't carry that.


I'll find the door.


You got a 25, okay.


That's robotics law one, right?


I'm riding that stalactite


That will put me unconscious and 21 points under.


Can I shoot her with an arrow?


Yeah. It did seem very pointed and targeted.


Yay, Grog!


Fine. (clears throat) It's me, Sam Riegel, the wackiest guy in D&D, telling you to head on over to D&D Beyond, where their new content is like anti-gravity; it's impossible to put down. On D&D Beyond, my username is "benefits." That way, if you add me to your party, it'll say we're friends with benefits. No, seriously though, my username is "forrestgump," and my password is "1forrest1."


I will say, the Plank King offered me some good cash to rat out Avantika.


And last shot. I'm going to try and push him ten feet back.


Well, you know, the funny things about goblins is we don't really celebrate birthdays or anything so it's hard for me to know exactly. There's no real holidays in clans.


Then I'll use Mage Hand to reach up for that box and grab it off the shelf.


My resting bitch face is stronger! And I jump in.


If you guys want to go to the Plane of Fire, that's like, a hike and a jump through a hole.


Mine, I'm assuming, which is 14. Hang on. Features and traits.


That's still not gonna be enough. So that's 20?


Do I get a--?


In that case, for my bonus, I'm going to take a healing potion. What is a superior worth?


Eight plus five is--


There was a lot of baked goods in there, yeah. Now it's just--


Is the little satyr-- is he holding onto my skirts, basically?


Over here is our safe haven from that.


No, 43.


He's just set in his ways.


I mean, it went according to plan.


Yeah, we got all the way there and we were like, "oh, we forgot Pike!"


Is there anyone our size, any humanoid guards around?


Get kraken.


Big nope.


That could be Keyleth.


We're fucking taking the fucking bear!


(groans) All right, to Draconia! Let's go!


Scotch tape would do it too.


Oh, two are mysteriously vanished. I think they were mumbling something about trying to find an alley--


I'd like to imagine that Thorbir and Vax left that conversation behind a little.


I could give us a fog cloud.


Well, I can tell him to go look and he'll come back to me. I can see through him for--


Stop talking to my owl.


If we do not move, will this 30 duergar mass hit us at some point?


He's not going to respond to that!


Isn't there a dead basilisk right in front of us right now?


All right. Trying again. Okay, that is a 19.


I just want to go over and fold all the fingers back except the middle one. (laughter)


Put me out, I wouldn't be on fire anymore.


We've got our first Sagas of Sundry tattoo! It's beautiful and gorgeous. I love it. It's amazing.


Fleshrender.


That would be that fellow.


Thank you, Gil! All right. So (boom) I send him over with my staff. It has 90-feet fly speed.


Are they going the opposite direction than us?


Natural 20?!


How far away is the other container for the other, I assume, creature under the same restraints we saw here? He mentioned going to free his compatriot?


We could go back to Whitestone whenever. I've still got a little bit of juice left.


I will go with the center one.


Okay. Where's my room?


Nott, do you want me to wash your hair for you? No one will see. Because you look like Fjord.


You're crazy, Sorris. I like you.


May I, for a moment?


Since that's--


Just checking. None of the gnomes had even the slightest tinge of reaction when he said that? Or no.


You have a method to bring us down there.


You been holed up here, or you on the move?


They take an awful lot of time to put up. You do know this. There's a process.


I was wearing it today when I was working.


Does that happen?


Damn Misty and her steps.


Could we then use that? Yeah? He's nodding.


Second one. 16?


20?


Well, if she comes with us, then we will kill her.


Yeah! Grog insight check! Modifier is zero! That's a nine. (laughter)


Why is he so rich?!


We can bring-- oh, we're not there.


Stay within fucking 60 feet of me, all right?


They're in an alleyway?


So wait, I'm going to recap these plans, here. Plan A, making us all sextuplets and trying to get him into the mansion.


And I'm gonna do the Bramble Shot damage now.


I shout out, don't go up there!


No, this is you hiding from your debt. You're a man who is afraid of what you owe. I understand. That's okay. It'll feel so much better when you're finally free from this belief.


She will definitely not move any closer to Dashilla. Where is Yasha-- she's right there. Where's Caleb?


(singing) Hey maybe now we've got--


Tasty treat.


Is that what you do?


Yes, she's so-- She's such a jock. She just does push-ups and sit-ups and pull-ups all day and all night and beats on me. She's younger than me, but she's so much stronger.


You didn't know we were making pencils? Don't you remember the holy Vox Machina text thread?


Maybe bioluminescent, just like an underwater creature.


We had really think about being there, is that what we had to do?


Yay! I'm going to run away from this guy that's next to me. I'm going to run out into the alley so I can see people.


Can you believe it?


(muttering) Oh, god.


I like them.


Calligraphed.


Ooh! (laughter)


Yes, which I don't think should have been possible.


That's pretty dope, though.


Two points of acid damage?


She still has it?


The other one shoots up in the air and lands two feet behind me, just goes (explosion).


I hope not.


Nostoc.


Yes! Did I tell you about him?


I'm looking for lycans, too. I'm just being honest!


I stay in the shadows.


We have a present for Uriel. Open the gates.


I'm sleeping with them tucked up under me. I'm going to sleep like, you know how little kids sleep with their butts in the air and their feet are tucked under them? That's how I'm-- yeah.


Wow, that's almost a Matt Mercer callout!


Is it going to be throwing the rest of my guns into a pit of acid?


Save it.


I don't know! We don't know.


They have flying snake? Never mind, I don't want to know.


Not run, just you know, Irish goodbye.


I do, but I need a pearl. I say to Fjord, I need a somewhat valuable pearl, then I can do it all day long. I can know what anything is, even though I am tired.


Thank you! Technically I was born in Port Damali, but I didn't spend a lot of time there. I lived on the streets on my own and then I was taken in by some people.


Because we had the rest, I regenerated all my stuff.


We do it a different way. We don't go near him.


Is it usually different creatures?


Can I wade forward and look for any stones or pillars that I might be able to throw the rope around and tie a knot on?


(cracks up) You're a terrible person.


I want to look at the walls and see if there's hand-holds or some other way that I can try to go across the wall. You know, God of War style.


I'm just moving him around. I can't!


'Night.


But again, if you want to go full Gilmore, we have the Masterworks box, which is freaking gorgeous. The dice go in here, the Bluetooth is hidden in there.


Did we get that from the dragon, where did we get that?


To the keep, we need to stop by the library.


I dive back around the tree, and that's the end of my turn.


This one less so.


All right, I'm going to hold my action for Scanlan.


Yeah. That was definitely worth it.


It's really good, it spreads through your chest like a fire.


Can you do anything about this acid burn? And I sit down next to her.


The sparkles are magical.


Plus, when I was a little girl, we used to be taught that if you were ever lost in the forest, to stay and hug a tree.


It feels like there's a vine around me, but I know it's not real.


Are you going to re-gift it?


Please can I have the magic carpet?


Whoa! Yes!


It's on the way.


No. Critical's the double. Oh, sorry, scale that back to--


I like to wear them on my toes.


Why did I not pay attention to life? Why?


Doty. Doty. Did you actually expire two soldiers?


Yasha is such a badass.


It's not a fair match, he doesn't have arm joints.


We have to go. We have nothing left.


We could also see what they still have at the butcher's.


I mean, I hear only real bosses can drink that jazz.


The waypoint.


I am so angry at you!


Not that it helped. 16.


After enough time, you can suck people into it.


Are there illustrations?


Look for Dwarvish. I'm aces with that.


Bastard. Have you ever sailed with Marius by any chance? I mean, do you have an impression of him as a sailor or--?


Yeah, no, it's great.


Night.


Anything popping up on that special radar of yours?


Well. I will, for my turn, suffocate and also Fassbender should still be trying to recharge.


Forest gnomes do. And we talked, and we sang songs, and we camped, not in the mansion, just in a tent. We had some good times and bad times together, and eventually we found our way to Ank'harel, and some stuff happened, yadda yadda, and I'm here now, you know?


Because don't you guys like, once you break out of your animal form, you change back?


I don't know who should run where.


Yeah. Why not?


As one last thank you to him, since I'm still invisible, I make moose antlers behind my sister's head and go--


I believe me and Pike both do, yes.


No, I have them, it's okay.


We're not talking about breaking into a living man's home. Krieg is gone. Krieg was a dragon.


14. 15. Plus I don’t know what! I don’t do these things!


But listen. If at any time it gets to be too much, you just go. We've got you.


He might.


It's just a shortened version of the name.


Okay, we’re good.


She's speaking Parseltongue. (laughter)


Oh, plus-- wait, what am I plussing? I'm so sorry!


Good. All right. Just checking.


Me? Jesus, I can't do shit. I get up. Those are holes, craters?


Fuck the Briarwoods!


(sings) Shake it off.


When Vex tries to give you something, you take it. All right. Don't die.


A mage?


Seven, so 11 and seven. Just 11 and seven on that Gloomstalker.


But no added animal fats.


What am I rolling?


We also have the hat.


I would appreciate that.


Take your cloak off and shove it under the door to block the light.


Or run away and draw them with me.


I feel like maybe knock properly.


Yes, that's correct. We used the blood of the creature.


Make some medicine?


Because you're special.


You can make us totally invisible.


It really doesn't seem that bad.


I was hoping they would go into the lava.


Next day for me.


I do Prestidigitation and wake everybody up--


Just in seven more weeks.


For stuff.


Okay, okay. 12, 13, 14... 14, 15, 16, two for lightning damage, and then six for the Sneak Attack.


Lucas!


The cart isn't covered. Let's just make it look totally empty.


Doesn't look just like a flipping anvil. Yeah, okay, cool. That's a two.


I already get advantage for intelligence checks. 19.


I'm pulling out--


Okay. With a pink dice. That's pretty good. 18.


I thought of you.


I feel fine. Molly has seen this before. If you sometimes startle me out of my sleep, it happens. Sorry. I got startled and I got mad immediately because I saw him.


You can change your mind.


I told you.


You can't understand her. Only she can.


Stealth cart!


Probably best to test it out. See if it's even worth anything.


Marion Darrington. (laughs)


This was an awful mistake.


Four men required.


Did you double the Hex dice, too?


I don't think they did.


Let's find what we're looking for and get out of here.


30 feet away?


Maybe we'll get lucky, and the problem she wants help with is the Iron Shepherds. Two birds with one stone, we win. Still going along with that plan.


For a special present! It's a treat!


Or a really big thing.


Push it up to 30 feet.


Okay, I still have my opportunity attack? I mean my-- Sorry, my secondary attack.


So wait, which mansion were we at?


Do it now, he just said it!


I wanted the dexterity boost and I was thinking of the mithral.


He's fine for 30 days.


Nobody is going to ask you why you know that. Just so we're clear, you don't need to explain anymore.


Pretty good. Pretty good.


I guess that is one thing we can both agree on.


Use them dex saves!


I don't believe you.


That's not nearly as much fun.


I would know what time of day it is.


Is she all right?


Let's see, we don't need light anymore.


Large fries, motherfucker.


You guys, Loot Crate. The theme this month is Magical. Brands included Dr. Strange, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and more. Please make a special call out to the below Dr. Strange Q-Fig Loot Crate has announced will be in this month's crate. I just did. (laughter)


I don't know. I heard some things with some discussions I had tonight, and I need to figure out if they're true or not. We'll figure out in the next few days, just to see what's going on.


Jester, by the way, you seriously-- Your farts have been disgusting tonight. I've been sitting next to you all night , and it's just foul. Foul.


It's 2d10, which is 19.


Are your parents there?


Oh! No wisdom saving throw?


Because of it, and because Grog's there, this--


(high-pitched sound)


I think we should still go to the temple, though.


Why? If he falls, nobody will see it. We'll just hear it.


I know, I go  Caduceus!


I step away from the acid to my left.


No, you didn't misfire, did you?


She gave me resistance, so halved to three?


Well, my friends, whatever we do, we are really fucked up. At least Beauregard and I are really fucked up.


Stillben.


I touch it.


Why don't we just ask the dwarves where they were getting the bodies?


I check my hair to make sure my brooch is still in it.


Yep. That will be her turn.


I hug the wall, let Fjord do his thing.


(gasping for breath)


Oh god, we're in it!


Oh! Okay. I'm going to move forward into the room. To about, yeah, there's good, sure. I'm going to try it again. Did the guy up there get hurt at all?


We're not there yet, though, we're talking in advance at this point? All in advance?


Shamone.


Backpedal, backpedal, backpedal!


Hey look at-- (all laugh)


I have 50 feet on my broom.


I know. It's crazy, because it scales for players.


When Geek & Sundry arranges that.


Hopefully out the window because that's what I was going for.


Hey, who's the Change-Bringer? Does anyone know? I feel like this drink is inspired. Can I do a check to see?


No, that's at a melee attack.


Jester, Wand of Smiles. What about for the wand, too?


Yes, matching robes, and I got a really creepy feeling when I saw it, besides being in the middle of a mountain.


How do I make it stop?


I call Trinket.


Is that also a guard? There are three guards?


And do what?


Where is your family now?


Thank you to our amazing crew.


And that is 19 points of damage.


-- find something closer.


Okay. All right. Yep.


Yeah, but mine's in an ugly cup.


Well, I haven't actually had the drink yet, I was afraid it might be poisoned.


I shit it.


I'm going to sing  (singing) Sunday, Monday, Sarenrae! Tuesday, Wednesday, Sarenrae! Thursday, Friday, Sarenrae! Sarenrae! She's my bae! Praying all week for you!


Well, not moving.


(gasps) I turn.


I know! So glad we have him back.


It's like a cool name for a town.


Beau, Jester, and Cad both have 20s?


He does want to join Vox Monica.


Okay, so I get everybody in the middle. Is everyone ready?


Yeah, I did. But my DM was not very good, so the game got so boring we quit because our DM was weak.


But I'm also a giant earth elemental.


We can see your vagina.


What is that crater? Is that just a crater?


Volume One? Implying that there's going to be more?


Don't you talk down to me. I know what you're up to.


Oh! Yeah, I open the front door and I take big handful of the Dust of Tracelessness and I (whack).


Caffeine and drugs.


If you are knocked unconscious by an attack or spell, a blast of healing flame surrounds you. You immediately regain five hit points and are lifted to your feet! All harmful creatures within 15 feet of you must make a dexterity saving throw or take 6d6 fire damage, half damage on a success, and once you've used this ability you cannot use it again until the next dawn.


So you didn't even offer up the information?


Her being prone doesn't give me advantage?


You fucking liars. You fucking liars! Just tell us! We know!


Well, to be fair, we talked. We didn't have a battle.


Man-made tunnels.


Help her out.


I take my fire hands and I blacken it and make it like a nice shish kebab.


Slick!


A conductor once told me that a euphonium is Latin for you're a fraud.


Oh no, this music sounds very fighty.


Great. I only need one, right?


(sings) Shamal. (laughter)


Intermission!


No, I just stand there naked looking at myself. Anything else that happens in that room, you don't want to know.


Ah-ah!


Oh, can you throw a med kit in there with it, if you have any left?


What is the Grey Hunt, Percy? You keep saying what the Grey Hunt is.


Do you need a scroll?


Yes? You saw that?


It looks like he's asleep or praying, you said?


Yeah. That's what these shirts are, by the way. These are from Type-0, the thing that we're in.


Like a five feet jump?


How much for this exotic ale?


Wait, Scanlan.


Wait, when we've arrived, is anyone going back? No.


Funny story. Yes, these are the people I was talking about. Nothing has changed, however, and I am only asking to take another ten minutes of your time to walk to the dock. One of the performers has been killed this evening, and I have done it. I staked out the circus because my friends were in trouble, and wrongly accused, and I knew this. So I staked out the circus this evening, and watched as this toad thing left the grounds there. It did this to me, and I, in a rage, followed it and destroyed it, and I will show you the remains of my work. We'll put it to bed. I'm either a clown or I'm a toad-killer. Let's see what it is.


Just defer.


Shocking Grasp.


I'm feeling lucky. Natural 20! Plus one.


Let's save the Fire Bolt.


Oh, it's like a torture chamber?


Well. I speak a couple of languages, I read a couple.


I do too, or something just as sinister.


I mean is it advantage?


Okay, I'll do that and dash and hide behind the tree.


Do you think that sounds like a reasonable plan or do you think that's--


I'll offer him a napkin.


I would do that too, but I think I'm out of the ability.


I'm sorry, could you go over, again, what we are harvesting, please?


Kill her kill her?


It's Nott's turn, not Jester's turn.


On what I had normally.


We're going down to the war room, which is a sand pit.


Do you guys have healing potions, because you just sent a lot of arrows at Nott. I mean at this-- I mean--


You're literally going to steal from my great-grandfather?


But he's just used them!


I-- if you're interested, Adella, because I'm feeling pretty spiffy after--


Obviously, yeah.


We need brunch.


Rissa, come here!


Jesus Christ.


(sings) Montage!


So you know the first and last letter of the alphabet? Don't worry about it.


I rolled double ones.


And that Sun Tree, that what's-his-name-- Who said that? Jarett?


No, 13.


How are you feeling?


But has turned violent, because nature is angry.


Is it? What time is it?


I've made a hot toddy before.


All right guys be active in the chat room. We're going to let these guys take a break. When we come back from the break, we'll announce the winner.


It's a greater, my last greater


And with my darkvision, do I get a sense for how far he is from me now?


It's pronounced--


The popo. We haven't done anything wrong, we're just talking on the street! We're just two guys! Yeah! We haven't done any magic!


Right on his fucking head.


Oh. Can I slide down to the goliath?


I immediately check my pockets after that to see is Nott has lifted anything. Is everything still there, all my coin?


They're not pointy, right?


Only Hunter's Mark once on your attack.


I'm mad for an (stutters) a long time.


Wait, what happened to him?


It's his head shot.


Four, nine, 17, 27 on the second one, and the third one missed.


I'm going to help Beau. You know what I'm going to do for you? I'm going to use my disguise kit I'm going to give you a beard.


Mainly these three--


Well, no. Do I still have my cover bonus? It is a giant mess in there.


You're on the one on the left. Yeah?


(whispers) We have a flying carpet.


It's very in character.


(shouting) It's fucking Hilda! She's a vampire or a werewolf or a lich or something. I don't know. Don't quote me on any of this. She was just like, I don't want your vitals going down and why do people take everything away from us?


They could. I doubt they'd leave, that's a terrible waste of an investment.


Step two steps closer.


That's a good impression.


I need to pee.


You can actually do that?


Just showing her what we would like to pay her to do. Which is: all of these books, there's this huge section that are mostly histories, diaries, folk tales, or otherwise. Take one of these slips of paper when you read a book. You write your name on it and you leave it in the book. Then anytime you find anything peculiar-- a ghost story or a strange occurrence in any of these books. Anything at all that might be fanciful or unexplained, you mark with a piece of gold thread and put it back on the shelf and then one of the other librarians will come and find that book and bring it down for further study. You just have to find the most interesting of these books and make sure that they're well marked.


Oh, versus a dragon!


I'm not a good builder! (laughter)


Okay, and I forgot. One other thing I want to do-- I have movement too, can I use my legs to push as hard as I can forward a foot or something? I know with movement over difficult terrain it's halved, and I'm in the most difficult terrain.


We're going to find out.


I was trying to be diplomatic, all right? I checked off the box!


Worse, family.


So this is gonna be funny, because I was using the Animus.


These dock pretzels are amazing.


You?!


This is wars between empires. Do you really care?


There's a plan.


Are you calling him a priss?


(whispered) You should go spy on their room. Go check out that room. I'll distract them.


Don't we have earrings?


Okay, so you're on him.


See, that's exactly what I was asking Travis.


I want to look like me. He's going to remember me.


It is? Immediately?


We should wake up.


Barack Obama.


See if I can catch another arrow.


Motherfucking piece of shit. Why would you do that?


Piggy-back that shit, Keyleth!


The bag?


Battered.


Should we call everyone? Let's not call everyone. Who should we call?


I'm not your fucking babysitter.


Yeah, let's go adventuring.


I'll walk through you soon. Okay, bye.


We are giving a very rare tour of the grounds and we thought that, these being Trickfoots, as in the family of Trickfoots--


Probably the grande. The middle.


Can we make her not stone?


I take out the Immovable Rod and have it in my hand.


Do I need to use my bonus action to disengage or can I not?


Any dangerous creatures in the area.


Shoot your dagger?


Seriously, we're dying! We're going to die.


There is something that you should know. During our battle with K'varn, which was the name of the beholder, which the horn resided upon its head. When I ripped it from its head, I held it in the telekinesis state. I attempted to crush it for not knowing what it was at first. Just knowing it was bringing creatures back to life. When I attempted to do so, I heard somewhat of a laughter in the back of my mind. I fear whatever this is attached to might be aware, or if anything, more aware than it was previously. I'm not sure if it was alerted by being placed on the beholder's head to begin with, but I heard something.


Grog, I have an idea. Why don't you ask the sword if it has any idea of Vecna's weaknesses?


Ahh. Ahh? It stings? I think.


Okay. Which riders are still on their beasts?


Would you like to be younger?


Keyleth, can you help me?


Yes. It's my favored enemy.


Jesus. (dog baying)


I want to watch while he's attacking and see. And like make an investigation check.


Yeah, can't we post a bond or something?


As a bonus, I'll-- no, I'll hold off.


11 points? I sit back up against the tree and sit there in the water, britches in the water, just not caring.


Maybe we can even try and aim him leaning towards our side more.


I mean, it's been a hard day. I think we all need a really good bowel movement.


Oh jeez, oh come on. There's no way, even if I roll like a-- Unless I get a 20.


I think we should go as ravaged Draconians.


Teleportation?


Are you asking me?


I don't know how you do this new one.


Maybe she speaks Common. We'll be fine. She's a circus person.


Wake up and it's two in the afternoon?


(high pitched) I'm alive, I'm happy!


I'm going to do that right now.


The other guard, yeah?


Ravenclaw.


If we take a short rest, do we get any spells back?


Do you need to get gunpowder?


Oh fuck. Oh shit.


I've got the fucking letters.


This is not a metaphor!


It's family friendly.


That was the one that we wished our way out of the contract.


You just had a smoke monster you were talking to, is it that hard to believe?


Sick, nasty.


Remember, I said I was staying up to read my book.


Oh my god. Percy! I saw something!


Yeah. One and two. We're on the third.


Thanks. I wanted to run it by you.


Even worse! One. I'll save you!


Tiberius.


Can I use my Primeval Awareness and sense any sort of vampiric presence within our very close vicinity?


Well, you said grapple.


We had it coming.


Are we going in?


Fuck off, I didn't know!


Give it a poke.


Are we going to-- (laughter)


You gave her a fucking dagger? And then it flashes back to you, right? (laughter)


But it doesn't mean that Kashaw is going to think that it's any less important, and I'm sure he might not take it as a compliment if we ask him to be the messenger boy.


Beau--


I guess it depends on what he thinks it's worth to us. What makes you think that we want this information so much?


I like that idea. A lot.


Do we need anything? Do we need anything before we do--


I'm quietish.


(hoarsely) Is it supposed to do that?


Did you--


Ah-hah!


Arnold Palmer?


Oh okay, do I not have-- am I hasted? Do I still have advantage on my dex saving throws? As an eel?


(sings) Keep on keeping on.


The three of you down on the ground.


I don't know. That's your call.


Okay, so I'm going to go around to the side.


He's trying, man. He's out. He's so brave.


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the AraMente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the AraMente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


That's ten plus a poison for a DC of 15?


We used to hang them in our balconies.


So a rock just fell?


I have the burnt hand on my back. Elven. No, it's not mostly healed. Scanlan Shorthalt! You don't need a gun to look cool. You are the Meat Man. You are Burt Reynolds. You are a fucking hero.


I still have a lot of reading to do, and I can go ahead-- I'm gonna go ahead and cast-- Make sure everybody's in! Everybody's in.


We've already done some damage. He's about to take more damage.


Yes. Let's get a break.


Ask him if he has any money, and ask him if he can make a good dinner because I'm hungry.


Persuasion's not my best.


Okay, ten damage on the first, eight on the second.


So 2d12! I can help search for those in a second--


No, there was one that I might have crushed underneath me that went down. There were also others on the ship, correct?


Nope! That's a three.


While they're looking, I want to point out to everyone that whatever it was that took this ball has claws, and it looks like it could break this thing open. It looks like it might do some damage to us.


Right, and there's nothing wrong with that.


Okay, what's the situation with the brain soup?


We are. We wanted to film it this week, but we got super distracted with building the studio.


I throw him a gold coin.


(non-committal grunt) (laughter)


I just have spoken Giant, that's it.


It's altruistic, strangely. I kind of forgot about them because we always thought they were nerds. But now I'm trying to be a little bit better. They might be helpful.


Right at his back.


"H-R wants a meeting with you."


12 of them? 12 men?


Can I see him now that she's pointed him out to me?


Six more battles before we get there.


I walk up to him and put my hands on the sides of his face. I can't have you away from me right now.


Can I use Shape Water to keep it out of my way? My cantrip just (disgusted groan).


My apologies.


Looking for lodgings for the night.


No singing Travis?


I mean, I've tried to talk to Pelor before.


(slurring) And he totally didn't call us back! And I told him I'm not getting back together again.


Even if I had something, I couldn't do it.


She doesn't have to roll against that?


Did you have one of those sneezes that actually break something?


Yeah! Creepy, creepy, creepy towards the thin one.


Really, I'm not familiar.


Is it coming from the city or coming from the titan?


Without Percy?


I'm right at her shoulder, so I say, "We understand he's dangerous, but he's gotten us this far."


I would have brought you into it.


I bet if we keep doing it though, I mean, eventually the heads will outweigh the body and it'll just have to fall over.


Right in where--


How do you do that? Where you look at something and you just see what it is?


So we now know what to do.


On the one on the table?


Big fans, big fans.


I cast Pass Without a Trace.


What do you see, Keyleth?


Dave, the illithids have it. Thank you, Dave.


Let's?


He blinks.


My AC's 17.


He's juicing!


I'm used to this enough, I know how to make room from last time I was on a boat.


I'm going too.


The other Ashly.


Look, Percy!


The boxes are looking so cool.


At night, because I had it learned.


Are you fast? All right, fine. I’m not leaving you. I’m much faster than you.


Yeah, we can stay there for free.


No. You're with him.


Can I leave it to where it's holding her up, to where it's not touching?


It's a big one. (laughter)


If it barks, it activates.


Beauregard goes  I just-- it took a lot out of us. I pass out in Yasha's arms.


Was it "What does JB stand for?"


Maybe you guys could collab on a joint project.


A very serious god.


(with hesitation) Okay. (all laugh)


Just pause for a second!


Oh, sorry. Excuse me, Tary. Blight!


I have some idea.


Can I use my Sprinter’s Boots?


Caleb looks around at everyone doing absolutely nothing and sits down, pulls out his book, and starts to Identify this ring to see if anything's happening.


I'll defer, but let me ask, going stealth and rolling a 28 on stealth, the footsteps were still enough to alert it to where I was?


Second attack. Well let's stab him in the ass then, right.


Why is he covered in pudding?


It's this whole conversation about you.


I'd have to take off my cloak, though, to wear that, right?


Yeah, strength and honor!


He said if we fight or flee, we'll be denied the mercy.


You're kind of a blur. What's on your face?


Just a simple question.


Don't let her get away with that.


Well, according to Clarota, it was pretty heavily--


Polymorph, I don't know--


A natural-- shit, what was it? So it was a-- shit, I can't do reverse math.


That sounds like something I'd do.


Yeah, five more minutes, Raven Mom. Five more minutes.


I don't know. Let's--


That's going to end well.


The spider is in between Fjord and Beau. I thought Travis would make the note, but he's not.


It's already a problem.


But it means this is not a one-day, this is a three-day mission.


Two things. One, when he returns, he made me a potion, a while back. I'm running a bit low. It was a scrying sort of thing. When he gets back, maybe he can whip me up another batch for next time I come pay a visit, but also-- oh, yes?


I didn't say I'm leaving it. Yeah. You want that?


Yeah. It's cold. You're sure you don't want to go back in? Nah, you don't want to go back in. I know.


Instead of setting a book on the ground, let's sit at a table at a pub or bar.


You attacked us.


Nott, that's--


How long do these seeding rituals usually take? How much time do we have?


Maximilian.


New kid's got game.


Is that actually what you're saying?


He gets into real estate.


Let's see what they want to do.


I will put on the new mask slash horned helm.


It's really scary.


If you have this-- this is magic, by the way.


Teacher, teacher, did I have time to finish my book?


Might not be good for us.


Because we have no other plan at this point.


He can't cannonball through to Grog and Keyleth?


No, not yet. I halt the carpet 20 feet off the ground.


I start pulling.


Oh, this is so exciting. What did I get? It's a great gift! Shirt-ception!


Best line of the night!


You'll take first watch.


Destroy Undead!


We would need 20 more of these.


Oh that's fucked up. What do the obelisk eyes look like?


Don't forget our crow's nest guy.


Wow, you fell.


Eat! Drink!


Okay, I can't use a bonus action to convince him to let me walk by, can I?


Why don't you trust them?


We'll make the door far enough away.


Can Unseen Servant carry a key, or is it more Mage Hand-y?


Thank you! Thank god. 19 plus, Jesus. 27?


--we guys.


Lots of push-ups, trying to beef up my pecs. I also, at the start of every day, I'm going to take two of those-- I have a bunch of silver coins that I carry around with me, and I'm gonna cast a couple of spells into them, just to have them at the ready. I cast Fly into one and Blur into the other.


He means well. That's a terrible costume.


Only astrally.


I was like, pocket dimension?


Clarota put the image all in our heads.


The belt.


What time is it? [cheering]


There's no excuse now.


I used Scanlan's die.


What if we use a giant net and two of us get up on the carpet and we use a big net and catch as many bats as we can.


That's really messed up, because now I'm hungry. (laughter)


Oh. I could cast Pass Without a Trace, though.


Not hearing Caleb for a while, I'm going to, again, creep down the hallway and peek around a bit.


The carpet's away, but this guy is flying?


Oh! (laughter)


I don't get it, but okay.


I'm going to burn an action surge and take three more shots at it.


Yeah, I'll put them in, I've got a pocket.


That's pretty good. 27.


Maybe we can negotiate our way into the prison and say we'll take care of the automaton, and while we're in there, we can sneak around and set the parents free.


I'm not Sam Riegel!


You don't have to worry about that. We're out here helping the city for the sake of good, not earning a paycheck.


We'll make you an honorary member.


Oh, boy. Is that what I have to look forward to?


Oh, he can do it on others?


He'll call.


Maybe she just likes to collect things.


We all have to be together. We can't separate.


Uh-huh, I wanted to put a reminder for myself.


Can't you tell what direction the dragons were heading?


Why? Why would you Hunter's Mark him?


We're going to do all that during the gala?


I'll carry this leather to the cart.


Me too! Keyleth, can you open up the trees so our friends can get in?


(sings) She's a maniac, man-- oh, he's down there!


Yeah. You've carved out a little spot for yourself here, for now.


You put some stank on him.


Don't shoot, Percy.


I need to accomplish something.


A little bubble?


(hoarsely) Fine, take the lead. I'm keeping the stone, dick.


Many things.


I have Water Breathing. We could do that, too.


Krull Blade in the neck.


That was so amazing!


You've got your rights written on the back, so that, y'know. If anyone tries to--


You're a fucking ranger!


A moment of silence for that horrible thing I just witnessed.


(hits) First one!


That one hits. 19 plus something. This is not a sneak attack, though.


Actually, Percy's just fine. Maybe she looks at him after the Briarwoods.


Oh, oh! I'm so sorry.


(sings) It's Bigby's Hand.


You're a magician!


Investigation. I got the exact same number, 12.


Just keep-- it's not about Gilmore right now-- it's Scanlan's turn.


We still don't know that the giants aren't going to help us.


Or on the book.


You're only in it to be a middleman? No goals or aspirations yourself?


Oh no no, that's not minus five-- it is minus five.


Nila. Is there something wrong with the soil here or something? Do you know anything about this?


Nine. (laughter)


Is it really just random kiss-bys? Drive-by kiss?


You misfire on a seven or lower?


Incoming whisper!


I mean, yeah. I'm going to run around as much as I can.


(laughing) Of course it is!


Do you want to check air current temperature? Nothing? Anything?


I thought you meant that as a metaphor.


That'll help in the middle of the ocean.


Yeah. And what else? Oh, last, but certainly not least, we opened up a bakery.


Do we see any of this happen?


Five vials of toxin.


I read Abyssal.


He did. A giant blade that emitted shadow.


Could you say that Vax saw the look of panic in Pike's eyes and Blessed her in a split second?


Well, I--


It's the whole song.


I don't know. I'm so used to copying people, I get all sorts of stuff mixed up in my head.


Oh man. Do some monk shit!


I'm thinking I'm--


Well, this is shitty. It’s 9 points again.


Yeah, how did you know that the gnomes here get down with the funky fresh rhythm all night?


How far are we from the entry to this chamber, or whatever?


Excuse me!


Well, you can't. Because you're just going to stay in these binds forever.


Aw, I've been demoted.


Do as I do.


I'm right below his undead dinger.


Wait, is it magical?


Oh, man. Right. Giveaways.


I am watching that hag through my scope with everything I've got.


No.


Wow! That was exhilarating! It's like my body fell apart and came back together again!


Are you writing your name with your left hand?


Oh my god, we're in the Feywild, we're about to pull a bow out of a tree, and you don't want to see what's in the creepy cave.


You almost shattered that screen!


Who does he listen to?


And elemental things, right? Isn't evocation--


This is the sweetest before-we-all-die.


There's very little of value that I can do right now. So I'm going to-- hmm?


Do we need to kick someone's ass for you?


This is a party town!


We could seriously like fuck it up, what if they can't get back?


Natural one for me.


Of piercing damage. Three points of necrotic damage. Two points of psychic damage. I'm going to try another shot to bring him down, same thing. Oh, actually, that's a natural, so I don't even burn any grit. I'm going to try and bring him down again.


Yes, but who was pulling the strings behind the beholder.


I mean, I could wall of-- bend us a stone wall that's and we could just walk along the path. But it goes only so far.


Other people, I normally do.


I don't know. Nine.


Is it the same language that was around the--


All right. It's all good, guys. We're going to be fine! Then Scanlan One will heal himself with a bonus action Healing Word.


Honestly, I'm quite often a gaseous creature.


Yeah, I have a coin.


Are we doing the level four thing, or we doing it after?


That's a wisdom saving throw for half damage.


Depending on how we roll?


How many members of The Mighty Nein are there?


I'm going to do a quick load shot just to air it out a bit.


Maybe this tree is sacred and it was being used as a safe house and that's not okay.


Is his hand gone?


Is anyone selling any masks?


You did. I was very sad.


I can't-- just looks like a dude.


But what-- I don't see anything happening!


Now he's in the gaseous form. Okay, so I rolled a 34.


You're fine, right? Okay. I am going to turn and do a Tidal Wave against this guy in front of me, so he has to make a dexterity saving throw. Tidal Wave.


Phil is bad!


I did, and they both hit.


And also that way!


(pigeon cooing) Sluice Weave.


Open your vulva!


It was a lot, yes. You disappeared, Fjord.


Midnight snack!


Okay. Here's what I'm going to do. Seeing that Sylas is distracted, I'm going to run up, and I'm going to put my hands on his back, and I'm going to cast Sunbeam through him and try and hit Lady Briarwood as well.


I don't know in here; I need to shove my head out the door for a sec.


Is it--


I'm going to use it from my ring. My spell-slot ring.


Well, I'm glad we got that cleared up. (laughter)


Can Bigby pick you up?


Oh, good. Then the Spiritual Weapon will have advantage. Great!


So it hits.


Gilmore, you glorious bastard. How have you been?


I didn't do it.


Can you shut the door?


I got 50 feet of hempen rope.


Yes! I mean...


Nott, are you going to go swimming with her?


Then the next one is a natural 20! That's 14 points of damage.


Need more d6, or are you cool?


I also took this little keepsake. I call it Stoneblack.


Jesus, he's back for my shit. He's back for me and you, Pike.


Well, what are we to do? The security that you have in place clearly hasn't worked. Is there a role that we can serve to ensure that you will be further protected?


Stop, I can't make eye contact. I'm sorry, it's okay. We'll get there.


Marisha, your theme with children continues.


I see them all the time.


Smart. While he's doing that, I want to use Primeval Awareness to sense celestials.


Don't. Leave.


Fucking hate the ocean now.


Animal handling?


--get out of here.


Okay, great. Thank you for reminding me that I do that.


Matt, what was the Cult of the Caustic Heart? I'm trying to remember.


Really? Really? We had to bring it there? Really?


Vex'ahlia. It's a pleasure


You were right, we were wrong, you're very attractive, we're all quite ugly.


Jameson?


Good night, Gil.


I approach Tooma. (clears throat) Tooma, it's time that we make our departure very soon.


Where are we going to find...?


Halved from the Deathwalker's Ward. It's set to necromantic.


Potentially? Well, Grog would know.


We have two more bowls.


Worried for him?


It's the first I'm hearing about it, trust me.


12! Plus... That's 16 total.


Okay, I'm going to stumble over to The Gentleman, and say: I think we're going to head out now, but if you need us, we'll probably be at The Leaky Tap or something.


Feeblemind on the dragon.


Oh, sorry, eight. Sorry.


He's on the back of the bear, right?


Taryon!


It was bad luck.


Like? Penises? Wieners? I've seen so many penises.


Yeah, have to.


If that comes to that.


That doesn't jive.


Am I okay?


We shall survive.


Totally.


Tiny and I had a meeting of the minds. We could provide a distraction.


And how far are we now? A day's travel? Two days' travel, you said?


Terrible! 12 points.


Pff. One.


He can wear it as a pinkie ring.


I think a rest might be in order. I'm exhausted.


Luscious hair.


You're in full poop stance?


I relay to the group quietly, yes. Packing. 12 or so above us all, so no sudden movements.


Are you as good at impression as you are a detective?


Did you pull it like a patch off and it turns into a bunch of hair?


Any idea. I know, I'd already had a bunch of messages on Twitter, but I couldn't confirm them until the 8th, and I finally can.


Are we eating in the cellar?


A couple days and back.


Oh, even less. It's a nine, total.


I'm going to have to-- oh god!


Oh. Would those little pyramids work to make the trammels? Or it needs more?


I take off in crow form.


They came in trying to steal this Beacon, this glowing beacon, which we still have, but they were mighty upset about it.


She's next.


Yeah, because you used it when we were fighting that manta ray.


I will recommit to that same promise I made.


No, it has lumps in it.


Um. I've got, oh, I've got a superior healing potion, that's better than a greater, right?


But it can get us an escape from somewhere, it can--


In Common  there might be someone down below, hiding. In my exploration, I might have seen a shape moving down there. I don't want us to go charging down there and blow up--!


What's that?


Come on broken McGee.


48. 20, ten.


Per year?


Yeah. Vaxy. The one that I can look at.


I want to cast on everybody, if I can.


What are they doing?


So he didn't strike the troll at all?


I think they're freelance, Jester. They work for themselves.


I've already taken it.


There's probably everything we need in here if we take a look around.


Is that-- a thing I-- no?


Oh. Whoops!


Watched her the whole time and quietly walk up behind and give her a hug from behind and don't say anything.


I'm going to hide behind the stone that's in the bottom end of the screen I'm looking at. Nope, opposite side. Nope, opposite wall. Sorry. Behind it.


What shoots out?


I fall asleep on the table.


I did grow up in Xhorhas. I did grow up there, but I left there, I think it was about--


All right, I'm going to start curling around the tree I'm near. I'm going to take some movement to fly over the pond back here. And while I'm making my little round, I'm going to take two shots with the Pepperbox.


This is so fun.


Is the Broken Howl on there?


(laughs) Lalalala.


Maybe we can go, you want to take a door?


No, I'm going to kill a resolve, one more. That's way better! Natural 20.


And as she's brewing up her bow, I'm behind her and just bring down the bolt for 32 damage.


The Fancybottom name is one you can trust!


Gills and full movement.


Shit, I have got all the good ideas today. (laughter)


I'm gonna grab, and try and use the lenses on my mask to even get a clear shot of what's under there.


You can hear all the dice he's picking up.


"What? What?"


I'm pulling the first of the three off the road to the side.


Cool, so as I see the next one I cast Telekinesis on the one he's about to throw and huck it right back at him.


As we go, and also, we didn't have time, so here, off you go. I will sit in the cart and go blind.


41?


She doesn't want anyone.


Terrible. Six.


Piece of shit! 19.


There's horses around, there might be a pony keg at some point, I don't know. We're going to work on it.


Can we-- Here's the thing. If I turn into a hawk, I won't be able to turn into an earth elemental.


Okay. So we put our dice up for pre-order and they're already sold out in pre-order.


I'll take that. I'm not going to fight back.


Maybe where you are from and how short a time you have been here.


Find Fenthras on our own, what?


It's not enough I don't think. 19? I will use Guided Strike.


But did it have holes for their butts?


It's okay, honey.


Papier-mâché of evil.


They will be safe there.


We already went.


We are seeking a man called...


You're thinking about this wrong, though. You're thinking about this in the wrong direction. Beholder is not-- that's not the goal.


I love whipped cream. It's delicious.


Does there appear to be any type of motion, or does it look like it's going downward, or is it just flat?


And that's wonderful. How do you come up with your songs, by the way?


We're going to take a little walk and let it pass by. Let's go to the Lady's Chamber.


He already did it. He already did it.


Yeah, like passing a stone.


I am surrounded by shit.


Do you still have that "This is home" connection with it though? No?


All the wolves are back. What happened?


Just inspect what's in the bag.


Can I get a spell off on him?


All right. Let's go.


Two weeks ago. (laughter)


Oh yeah, like a bedside pot.


Gern, I'm doing something really cool here.


I'm going to try picking the hammer up.


What kind of magic is coming off of the wooden box?


I can also give you some magic mushrooms if you want to slip them in their drinks.


Fjord, it's your letter.


I love you both. I'm definitely poorer for having known you, though.


I pick up Nott by the scruff of her neck and am holding her.


"Oh! This one's nice!"


Very nice.


Being that I'm hasted, can I move directly behind Umbrasyl, like underneath him and behind? And can I attach the chain of returning to the Bloodaxe--


How healed am I?


I would get my ki point back.


Moving on.


I take her hand. I take your hand, Pike, and I kneel down, and I press the back of her hand to my forehead and hold it there for a moment.


And I love her so much!


A glitch? What?


We don't have any.


And I would like to swing Grog like a hammer at the back of the thing.


That's true, and your wings are much larger than hers were.


I agree-- it's joined forces at this point, that's all we can offer them. A place to fight at our side.


All right. Lovely place you got here!


I overheard them. Yes!


14 points total?


Well, okay, I'm going to go upstairs.


Can I use War God's Blessing, or?


Is there any way to try to figure out what it says?


I'm going to attempt to roll a natural 20.


He has used two legendary actions and a resistance, right?


Persuasion? That would be...


Plus a stable for our bear.


And there's food.


I'm going to hold off until-- I'm actually going to delay my turn until post-Pike.


Let's go check it out.


I'm going to put him on my shoulder.


We've got to bail on it and come back for it later, if at all.


Yeah, you had said 15.


And what the soldier was talking about. So I saw something that was-- there was a single twisted horn of blackened soul matter.


That’s very risky now because what if the guards says "I don’t know you," you know? Then the plan never starts. If we do that at the end, at least we have a fighting chance.


Oh. You're right.


The trick is to not overmix. You don't want to overmix. Oh, sorry. We've been walking with your friend, Beau.


I do. Only if I'm raging.


Okay, final shot is - I'm using the head shot to try and blind him for a round, so...


We'll remember.


Scanlan, you--


Can I get more into a place with Beau? In this crux, mirroring Nott. Stealth check? Natural 20!


I actually do feel that way, so let's just head up. We'll head up above.


It should be around here.


I pull out a little wire and whisper into it to Nott and say: I think we have an idea over here, so we should probably get set.


So wait, am I still an elemental? Is that the deal?


Hey, that's rude.


Drinking a drink with cold ice.


God! I think I spent all of my 20 juice on all these one-shots.


Did you suck or something?


So I'll stay mad at him as long as you are.


Sabotage, from the inside.


Damn it. Too big.


Can I look around for a fucking circlet?


You could also do that now.


Less people made it this far.


After we've rested for a while, can I walk over to the little hole and peek in? I can't fit through that little hole, can I?


I flick him in the back of the head three times.


Ocean!


Can I grab one of the people that are here and ask him, What's all the hustle about outside? I see them installing more.


They gave us an amazing matching set with the Elvis-- Elvish for our wedding. It was super sweet. Thanks Wyrmwood. Elvis from Memphis.


You did that.


The inside story.


Wait, is the mist there?


Ugh, this is like Hellraiser!


Most of us, I was giggling uncontrollably, I couldn't believe we were doing it. And just watching my friends, who I work with all the time, just dropping into character, there was no like, oh, let's see, what will I do, what am I doing? I will move, I will roll. Like Bailey, Bailey dropped into character from the get-go, and was a ringer. But the moment I was thinking of was when Pike died. Pike died.


It is what you said!


Well, compared to what I had, this is bullshit.


First was the dagger, yeah.


Nobody attack the things up close!


I think you're just fine. (laughs) Mostly.


Why do I take them both?


I'm going to take a standard walking speed 30 feet straight ahead. Swinging Bad News back onto my back, pulling out Pepperbox. Sylas! I'm getting his attention again. I'm going to start shooting with--


He's going through a Jake Gyllenhaal phase.


Yeah, I know. That was 19.


When's your turn up?


I'm going to try.


This is Paul!


How do we get in?


Oh, that's the Kraghammer-- We go to see--


I walk up. He's not going to hit me, is he, Keyleth?


You wanna rest in the tavern?


I walk out of the bar.


Am I making us all Ravenites, or does that not even matter anymore?


Actually, what season is it? Are we north? Is it going to get cold?


Twins!


I know you can!


Lavender, white, blue, gold, silver.


Matthew Mercer, may I borrow your Monster Manual so I know what I am?


Can I use the rest of my movement?


Can you hand me your staff so I can watch this? I want to see this limp of yours. Purely for my own entertainment.


15 feet tall.


So before you woke up in the dirt, nothing?


I'm ready to announce it.


Okay, I'm going to be helpful. I'm going to burn my action to get into the room.


I don't know how I even feel about that.


Yeah, it's far away.


But I know where it is. Can I come up into the cavern, and you said there was rock outcropping that I can stand on? Can I get this shit off of me, the oil off of me, or am I stuck as an ethereal form?


I was wondering where my tea went.


You know that video of the monkeys throwing the raccoon?


(laughs) Oh my god.


That sucks.


Yeah, everything's probably fine. That's an 18.


I will make two attacks with the Wastehunter falchion against him with the monstrous--


Don't be shy baby, it's okay!


I would never say that again. His name is Vax.


27


d20? 18.


I think it's still in the thing.


Doty, no! Why? Just pause for now.


I think you've got that one guy covered at the moment, so I'll concentrate on the--hmm. Tough call, tough call. You know what, I'll have a little fun. I'm going to pull my sword and I'm going to take a slash at the guy who's involved with--


Yes, it did.


I think it's magnificent, what you've put together here.


Thank you, my dear.


(whispering) Whaska. (louder) Mm-hmm.


Oh! Light!


Well. It's irrelevant, though. We've got to go get him.


Is there anybody in there? Nobody's in there?


Give me a moment. Player's Handbook!


You won't die, Scanlan.


Percival? Percy?


You've done a lot of brilliant things. That was the most brilliant thing you have ever done.


We look like a Rocky movie right now.


Are you good to run and jump over some lava?


Make sure he spells it right, Fjord.


That's better. 16.


All you need is one.


I'm wondering if the guards are already there looking at the mysterious explosion that happened in that house.


My koi pond!


Let's try to finish this motherfucker off. I run right past Jester as she's going, "Shit, shit!"


Whose vomit is this?


So you get advantage on that saving throw.


And then I'll just inspire our new tiefling friend with a little sexy dance.


Would we know?


Well we can't camp in the staircase.


(shouting) Everyone in the Wayfarer's Cove!


An 18 plus ten, so 28. Fomo.


What’s the price on that one?


Down there? Why does it matter that we're clustered?


We made arrangements with The Gentleman downstairs.


Six wet willies.


How many charges does that thing have?


Get drunk and make people cry.


54 points of damage.


Yeah, mind if we partake of your beautiful spread here? Is there food in this bitch?


No. I don’t do the magic stuff. I tend to do other things.


Okay, I'm going to wait.


I can do some art.


And otherwise?


I am going to unload a couple shots into the orb and see what happens.


You can hold my hand.


All right. You said there's a few urns that are fancier than the others?


Matt, how far are they from me?


That's an 11. That one saves. They both save.


I believe that, too.


Family show. Family show, Sam.


What's Pike going to do?


That's a Scanlan or a Percy thing.


I am Bo!


And also, I mean, if we take you at your word, and of course we do, so the curse, you-- you're very in tune with divine things and with curses and things of fiendish nature. You don't sense anything in yourself. It doesn't really add up. Is it possible-- I mean, they're family, and I know you love them to a degree-- but is it possible they're jerking you around?


I think we need to catch up a bit. Vax, Vex, let's all have a toast to the inevitability of the universe, please. A cheers.


The DM keeps looking at us like we're crazy.


I recently was able to attune to this armor that I haven't been able to attune to for a long time and now I'm resistant to spells. So that's good.


Okay. (exaggerated Scottish accent) Call me doonie, get on yer trolley and heed over to twitch.tv/get-fooked-ya-clatty-radge-wee-shite!


We need to go find the Debt's Respite and maybe get a room.


Of course, Vax.


They can just come up it, yeah.


Wow! Wait, at a level three character? No, she's level 15!


We're good, we're good.


What about Mona and Yuli?


Not there. Shutting up.


Oh God, that's a new thing now.


I do have a question, actually.


Do you want me to redo?


I'm just like, whatever. Used to this.


Okay, cool. I'll take out my-- not Mythcarver.


As we leave the cavern, I give one of these to the dwarven bodies.


Or maybe on one of her own crew, and have them killed.


That's 1d10, that's this guy here that I never used in the last campaign. Oh, that's four.


He's really good at evil monologuing.


Kash!


I think Lorenzo is going to be a problem, because he has reach, and he's a leader.


Yes, of course, but outside, here with me.


No it's fine, I feel good. I feel really good.


It's like butter.


It was hidden behind a panel, like a false panel in the wall.


That's going to draw attention to us.


Are we in the same tent or are we in two different tents?


Old woman!


Of course, he's a dragon! This is it!


I can't even handle this.


Succubus are-- yeah.


I didn't hover hand it. I didn't hover hand it, I put a hand on her waist.


Yeah, I haven't used my inspiration die. 23.


How wide is the hole?


All right. I'm going to go to the roof.


We could just walk in there. I could be holding Lyra as my captive and say, I've brought you this captive to eat.


Do I notice her?


My home is dying and... I thought this was what I was supposed to do. I waited for a sign and I thought you were the sign, and now maybe there wasn't any sign. Maybe I just left, and I'm on a ship in an ocean that doesn't want me here. It's been so quiet, and--


And who is she to you?


You're speedy, of course.


Okay. That's 15 points of piercing damage.


All right, so, do you guys want to bring them out? (cheering)


Oh yes, he did have a weird hairline, right?


I don't have a holy symbol. Not a druid thing. I like the earth. I worship the earth. No deities.


Can you cast Fly on Trinket and then have Grog ride Trinket?


No, you are lying to me, you are lying!


It doesn't matter if I know how to use arcane artifacts. Stuff that hurts people could still be beneficial to our cause, because other people want to hurt us.


Do you do that out loud?


I Dimension Door away.


Proficiency modifier is four, dexterity modifier is--


What are you talking about, guys?


What do you think, huh? I know if we had said, "you're going to fight a dragon and a kraken," you'd be like, "no, not me!" But this is a chance for you to go to the big time.


68, 76--


No, that's me. That's me, baby, that's me.


I'm going to cast Message. Are you still alive? You can reply to this message.


By mule?


(laughter) Yeah. Like the McDonald's ball pit.


I flirt with her throughout the hour.


That $100,000 will be able to fully fund the Shutterbugs Summer Photography Camp, which is a week-long summer camp for children suffering from cancer, and they can all get to go to this photography camp and they learn how to do art and it's incredible. More details are at critrole.com and donate now at give.classy.org/teamherter. All the links will be before you. More announcements!


That's extra holy.


So, when you get all the way to the other side of the bridge, then we're gonna chop.


Gather Your Laura. You would goth out very well. I think I would be excited by that.


Hold on. (louder) Hello, you up there? Hello?


Nine. Nine points! Ah-ah-ah.


Why doesn't Percy just always attack melee?


You guys wanna stay up and we'll go down?


Oh. Firing.


Do we get to show it, or no?


Is it a boy or a girl gloomstalker?


We just got done fighting all the things. We're settling here.


Candy-themed, too.


With my dex, to throw it even though I'm not throwing it?


I will burn my 8th-level spell slot to Plane Shift us to Terrah.


Where's Caleb?! I open the door! Caleb!


Do I feel anything, being in here?


Oh, melee. Fucking shit, I saw the bows. Damn the words in this book!


A special coin? What does the coin look like?


Four damage!


Was the behir a dragony sort of thing?


We're not fucking whales.


... I'm...


Perhaps we could sit on a nearby rooftop and watch Pike work.


What? What did you just think of?


Well, I will admit, we have some questions.


I wonder if you'll come out in one of the Nine Hells but only a third of you.


Ooh! 12.


Jesus, Travis!


Keep your hands away and step back.


After my bit with Scanlan, I put the ring back on and spend the next 20 minutes attuning to it, and she hears behind her: (mocking) Oh, thank you. I love you so much.


I like him.


Crit. Role!


No, he's out.


-- Blood Curse of the Marked, on Utugash. I'm going to amplify it.


I just kind of want to-- yeah.


The shadow of Craven Edge lives behind those eyes.


A rooftop? A wall? Anything I can perch on?


Oh, they will have lookouts.


I'm going to very gently cut her handaxe out with my radiant sword.


But you can save against that, right? Every turn?


Yeah, okay, I'm good! Plus a six. 31.


No, it happens to the best of us. I know, this is a lot.


I did hear that you've been calling yourselves something? I hear a name floating around, that you're calling yourselves the Mighty Nein?


(mimics the music)


I have another question for you.


It's crazy. Did you guys get him drunk or something?


No, it's 16 plus 13.


I'll go with you if Kiki wants to turn me into a crow or a fly or something. I'll stay back and watch.


Does he come to life?


That's a 19.


I'm buzzed, and if I have another drink I'm going to be more than buzzed.


Masks on sticks.


As Orion says, release the Critters.


I'm going to hands-on and see if anything happens, and if nothing does, I'm going to pull out my sword and start whacking it.


Eagle form.


Yeah, 16.


We've had a run-in, once--


I didn't answer any of them, I just left it and took a walk.


Are you sure they're dead?


Wish? It's more like an itch. A need.


That's 400 meters, y'all.


Is he swallowing?


I love this character so much.


Sorry, I just--


Up so that we're seeing the edge of steps at the top? All right, I'm stealthing.


(laughs) There's comfort in that. All right. I've said my piece.


And ask her how dragons work, how their bodies work.


Beau is going to immediately run over here to this undiscovered prison ballsack region.


And then Caleb fucked me.


I have seen dragons, and they suck.


Pardon me, Master Australia. The slaves need hosing down. And I retreat inside the doorway.


What do they do?


Not great. 12.


Oh my gosh. You'll always be my Number One.


It's mind-boggling.


They'll have potions and things there?


Tastes like your feet smell, brother.


At least we're not going north.


17. I'm specifically looking for stores.


And I hand my circlet to-- Don't break it!


You have our condolences.


Of course I chew on my own toenails. I mean.


Those with range.


Why don't you have a rhinoceros?


Do I get advantage on this? Because of Heroes' Feast?


I'm going to try and hold Ripley with a Hold Person.


Did he really? Did you take soul?


Sang for his supper.


I would be happy to. Oh yes, survival is good for me.


He's making the cipher.


And I've got, these are the more capable, these folks can go out on their own?


And that's the part I need for shitting on beds, so I apologize. I apologize. I'm sorry.


If Uk'otoa decides to show up--


Oh sweet! We'll bring up and give people food while we have our meeting.


Let's go cobalt blue. 17.


Is that far from here?


How do you keep players from getting OP, Matt?


Then I'm going to attack at disadvantage with the dragon blade, and then I'm going to stab with the dagger that's outside.


Thanks a lot, hoser!


I'm going to pull out--


And I'm on the desk? No, I'll stay where I am.


He's the one who's going to get stuck in a room alone if they decide they don't like him.


We got to kill this thing.


I use Mask of Many Faces and I disguise myself as Uncle Frank.


I frenzy raged last time.


I light a torch.


Well, they haven't caught up to me, right?


It's like a step in the way out.


Hold hands? Like preschool?


Well, what if you tried?


To get out of it. I'm going to blow my shawm. (high-pitched lip whistle noise) (laughter)


How many people in this city are aware of this Horn being brought here?


We'll stick a Google Maps pin here. We'll always know it's here, because when we come visit Tiberius' grave, we'll also leave some flowers and take a mast with us.


Let's go in!


Five. 'Cause math.


Can I pull Fjord aside while she's off doing that?


She honestly believes. (laughter)


You can create water?


We saved a little girl!


Yeah. There's no telling that they're going to share any information with me, anyway. I'm fucking absorbing things and shit just appears and I'm getting stronger by the day and it has nothing to do with the things that I'm learning. There's no books or knowledge, it's just happening. What if they look at me like you guys look at me sometimes? What if they don't let me go? Maybe that's not where I need to be.


Okay, I'll disengage, back away down that hall that way, get far enough away, then turn around back, go (whimper), and fire my crossbow at the one next to Jester. No, that's Molly.


Chicken, please.


Are you sure that won't make me throw up, as well?


We may have.


Yeah, I don't want to camp right next to the--


I can target one additional creature for each slot above third, what does that mean?


There's so many. They all get to go.


Wow. But as a half-elf you have a longer life, so really at age 50, you're not that far in.


Okay. Oh, it's 1st-level, I have a 1st-level left. Okay, here's the thing, Scanlan wants to turn you into something that flies.


I can talk to them.


I'm going to look for something very solid. Are there trees around us that we can go through right now?


I'm going to very quickly cast Eyes of the Grave.


This gentleman has done nothing but aid us.


You seem to live with a multi billionaire, yet can't afford contacts. What's the deal with that?


Team Downstairs it is.


So as I hand it back to you, I sort of mutter, wine. (laughter)


So are you thinking they won't want to stay, then?


And Trinket, Trinket too. This is my bear.


Can you do any flourishes?


Why did he choose this?


(sings) There are duergar dying, if you cared enough for the adventurers, you'd bring Vax back to help us with the stabby-stab. Thank you, thank you, thank you.


I don't think his name was Dave, Scanlan.


Yeah, I can see from where I am, I can see Fjord and Beau with one of these things. I'm going to Fire Bolt right from where I am.


PSA.


I'm going to use my action as a dash to, oh fuck, there's no way around, is there? Fuck it, then, I'm taking another shot.


That was dark, you guys. Super dark.


Have you been to this town before?


Fucking druids! Fucking druids!


Manners!


Of course, Yasha!


I will finish my attack right as she whacks her staff. I'm going to let go and try and time it to where I land on the staff with her.


Something like that.


I'll hear it. You're so loud.


That's 12 points, with two points of necrotic. And I'm going to grab my rope, and I'm going to wave at the green dragon and start dropping down.


Kill some people?


We really don't wanna walk? It's so lovely out. Danger is at an all-time low.


Attack, attack, attack!


It's like a wall.


I know. Oh, that's good though, that's good. I'm good, I'm good. Hang on, let me make sure, make a sleight of hand--18.


But Scanlan, you said we were going to keep that for ourselves.


And the queen took him.


Oh, I just wanted to whisper  Vax?


And I turn back. (all laugh)


Okay. I don't have any dice.


Nah, he's fine.


Oh shit, and look what they're doing!


15 to ten.


I woke up without any names, or any past, buried in the ground two years ago.


You're just going to make a sloshing sound when you walk for a while.


The mansion door is rather creepy, isn't it?


Tell it to go kill the spider.


Stealth, distraction, fuck shit up. Cool?


Taryon. You drink out of this one.


What does the cloak do, again?


I'd get it into the business.


Any other announcements we should make, you fucking-- cookie-- pass arounder? Cookie distributor?


That's great. And 16.


We're already in it? We just started!


22, I can add.


Is this because of us?


I'm going to take Whisper and cut him.


I don't know how you find diamonds in the Feywild.


It's fair to assume that he will do the same thing, yeah?


So maybe everybody sleep--


What's everybody's hit points at, what are the new totals?


Longest announcements ever!


Grand Duchess.


Is it overwhelming having 8,000 people watching?


It would just be me as Grog.


Just going to take a quick timeout.


"Mee-ster Ford." All right, sure.


Okay, 29.


Maybe we can just hand over the bloody bag of gold to Desmond.


We don't know where the next one is.


Okay. I'm going Toll the Dead at the one at Beau.


A handle, and it's going to turn.


Yeah, we'll take it.


Ten for the fir-- Sneak Attack? Is it near something?


Instead of Hunter's Mark, I probably should have taken a superior healing. I probably should have done that. Yeah, can I counter? Can I un-Hunter's Mark him and take a superior healing? I already said it. It's fine if I already said it. I said it! Okay. Fuck it, I'm going to try to sharpshooter him, because everybody's up there.


(wheezing) I'm good. I'm okay.


Or we could just drink.


The one who's yelling?


Mirror Image.


Yeah, it's totally fine. Look, this place is where the goods are.


So you have to sub. Bye everybody who's not a sub.


(as Jester) "You have a feeling?"


If we're pointing them down, reach for the sky!


That's a pretty impressive illusion--


20 feet to move to Caleb, which shouldn't be any closer to Dashilla.


It says-- oh, wait.


What if we went with you?


We turn around.


Wait, farther?


Follow the tracks, then.


I think I'm okay with that.


I have a glaive. Look at this glaive.


So when we're ready we've got something to light the--


It goes very well.


That's you, right?


They're bolted into the stone itself?


I have Scanlan!


Mort.


No, you said one point?


How many hit points do you--


I told you water was terrible!


We are very aware that he has sent us into something more troublesome than he has described, and we are willing to do that. We're told you are the one who can get us in the right direction? We'll be very disappointed otherwise.


So poetic.


When it comes in, please write that it has and I will be notified via this parchment.


You just saved Fjord.


Aah.


No, indeed.


No. Definitely not.


Right in front of her face.


I'm prone, and I'm in shadow.


Yep, it was made hundreds of years ago, and was just sitting on the shelf waiting for the first official tour guide.


Two points.


Yeah. Hostile creatures! Hostile creatures in the area.


25 perception, I don't know, I'm just looking around.


Shit. It might need actual vibrations or--


20 for the sneak attack.


Yeah, so if we've got to find our way to some sort of prison, two options. Get arrested. Or ask people where people go who get arrested, which seems really fishy and stupid.


We're not worth the trouble. But we would love to pay you in ale to join us on a much better fight.


Okay. It's gonna be great. 14.


Can she flank it?


This is what I really wanted to see.


Okay, that's a two, plus six is eight.


Well, I didn't always look like this.


I have throwing darts that only go 20 feet, and I'm a melee fighter, man!


I save the boat! Okay, I try to push off and not sink the boat.


No, that's all five.


You're going to use two to try and do it?


All right, then I'm going to shoot at him. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him!


It's technically cards.


What is it?


It's a higher level.


Well, hold on.


A white or red grapevine?


We've got to find out which room he's in.


You're trying to get us passage to the Knuckles place, is that, get them passage?


It's worked out so far.


You're the doctor! Keep your patients on the run!


I don't even say anything else. I just walk. I don't know how long that will take me.


You monster! (laughter)


It may be the key to returning you to your people.


Oh man. You come to these places a lot? I've never been.


Yeah, progress. I am an HR liability.


Yes! Dead for a ducat, it's dead! (cheering)


I'll go behind Grog.


She'll take care of you.


Yeah, I'm going to take the boat.


Hope Keyleth is okay.


How long have you known her?


And then you double the 2d8.


And if we can be hidden while we're doing this, instead of being open. We have a 500-foot range here. We've got a dope-ass range.


In theory, yes, unless it's able to sense me.


That's a natural twenty, with my history is--


I don't know if I wrote it down.


Right there. She's going to Guiding Bolt straight in his face.


Just roll with it, though.


100 dollars for every natural one.


How dare you, Samuel? (gasps) He has a new character sheet. I'm going to cry, again.


Why don't you guys go get a head start and we'll--


Wait, wait. You're going down into the snotty--


Yeah, yeah, We'll be a regular--


When are you guys going to do a drunk episode?


Oh god, that's right.


I own some really nice Lederhosen.


18 plus six is 24, plus an additional d6.


Transmutation--


All right. Not really my type. I like full-faced people, but I'll take it, I'll take my chance.


Did you leave it outside?


I've got my old armor. I found that armor down here.


I don't know what you people did, but...


Well, we can see that's obviously worked out really well for you. I think that I'm satisfied, are you satisfied?


Okay, you know what? This is what adventurers do, and you did it--


I have one while she swallows.


Hey, Frumpkin, if you're listening, can you have Caleb tell Nott to come down here, please?


How are we going to use him?


I do. Well, I grabbed some, so I can cultivate more of it, yeah.


Yeah, you're really good at finding stuff.


Don't shoot me.


Is she dead?


To increase your dexterity.


I know I'm so excited, our first loot.


(whispers) Where does he get all these wonderful toys?


Oh god, Grog, what did Keyleth do?


Maybe they thought we were even?


Fuck, okay, the first one probably misses. 16, and I was using the minus five, so the first one probably misses, 11.


Something like  "Greetings. Hello. To whom it may concern."


Yeah, let's not mist down in the middle of a group.


Yeah, no, it didn't feel right, I just wanted to... all right.


I was ordered to, so yes.


I could. There's one number lower. (All laugh.)


How long does he have to rest so he's not exhausted?


Youuu.


I feel like I'm missing something.


Yeah. Maybe let's not do that just yet.


Am I within 120 feet of the guy that's down?


Two chapters of seagull flight patterns.


Get Taryon out of the kraken's grasp with Grasping Vine.


It was a four.


So like The Scream?


But we're not in the middle of a fight, hopefully. The animals, Kiki, save it for a rainy day?


They know all the proper spots.


Second is-- Sorry. 17?


He's going to kill all of us, dude. He can get all of us in a circle. Everybody.


I told him, "When you're ready, this is where we are."


I don't know if you guys noticed, who's been watching this whole time we've been playing, I generally do random chaotic things to be quirky and funny just because I like to, but this is the first time I was scared. I really freaked out with the confirmation it's a fucking beholder. It's terrible.


That is the hot one.


Thank you, Mollymauk.


Wow, you paint with words.


Everybody have their stuff together?


I agree we should send someone for the money. I agree.


But what are our options if that doesn't work?


What do the kids do as they move on?


Maybe I can go talk to the guard. Distract him?


Hello? Yes? I'm not decent yet.


Did you invent this just now?


You make fun of me but you lack the understanding of my strategy. I will play the Batman. I can't guess Robin's because he has immunity, but I can guess Poison Ivy's.


Of course, we never met you, you never met us.


Oh, shite.


Yasha got 13. Wow.


Thank you very much. Excellent.


Who are you pointing at? Percy's?


Guai--


Blowing my last reroll. That's better.


And Keyleth gets up and moves and sits next to Vax.


I went to Catholic school!


Yeah, I think I'm going to have to tuck tail and run. Let's try to split them up, at least, if we can.


He said they have other people do parcel service and stuff for him.


That's a solid option. Like a Plan D.


Okay, in that case, I'm going to take a shot at the dragon for the moment.


You are a madman.


And bear claws.


All right, I'm going to go play in the dark with myself. That sounded wrong.


A sucker, at the end of this. From Jester, not from me, but you'll get a sucker.


Well, we can, well, not me, but smart people can devote more attention now that there's not five great dragons trying to tear the world apart.


We can put it in the treasury, technically.


We prefer the company of good hard working people, like yourself. We're very impressed with the work the Carvers do in this city, from what little we've seen so far, so hats off to you.


Wait, am I writing down smut right now?


I'll miss the guy at the back.


Are you talking about intercourse?


It was a face card. Oh. Oh.


Looking at--


Okay. Well, we'll help you find your family. And maybe while we're there we can see if your grandfather's around.


I'm unconscious, I'm unconscious.


She's so much bigger than she used to be!


What do you think, Fjord?


Stop looking up her fig leaf.


There is something bright and adventurous in your future.


Just throwing it out there still the shark with the boat.


Vecna?


Would I have an advantage with my little book?


I have these bottle rockets, if you can Mage Hand them away and distract them away from us with another popping sound.


Come on, insta-kill this thing.


Not me, necessarily.


My favorite thing is the Batman head.


Nott had a wonderful idea for you to pick up all of the dead things.


Can you do anything to help this guy?


You find all the good stuff.


d8 for me, right? Five.


All right. Sorry your employer overruled me, Kord. Or Card. Or Chode.


Well, this is all, from what I can recognize, deities that are not sanctioned by the empire.


You're 15 feet from Sylas and 15 feet from Lady Briarwood.


Okay, well, six. Sarenrae did the damage.


I haven't done anything to him, by the way. Not a thing.


We have?!


Oh boy, does that mean we all need to wear sailing clothing to our show in New York?


Can only creatures go in your locket thing?


I want to take a little run towards the water and then shoot out and do what I was trying to do before.


Everything we were told is that this place is full of undead cannibals.


Oh, we are really powerful.


Grog, she's right. It is your destiny.


Can we go?!


Is he reachable?


Everybody's with me, right?


Well, I mean, I would have to like disguise myself, but yeah. We could probably go there.


A skull. There is something alive inside the skull. There is something evil, or at least not good, inside the skull, and it is offering to grant us any wish we desire if we set it free. Now. Grog is inclined to take this deal. I am, and I imagine this is surprising, having some reservations. I like having the terms spelled out, and I feel that so far the terms have not been spelled out. I'm going to lift the fabric off.


It has been a pleasure and an honor, Kashaw. You as well, Thorbir. You are brave warriors and would do well in the Draconian Knights.


You know what? Fuck it. I'll Counterspell that.


I'm going to use my movement to get to Percival. Close enough. I'll use my bonus action to get all the way, and I'll cast Lay on Hands with my action to get him on his feet again. Five hit points.


She was so good.


Missile snare?


We will write a check for our friend's pocket, but for the damages, I feel that some responsibility must be taken.


Is the dragon the closest to it? I mean--


Why don't we put it on and see what it does?


Why would you ask that? What kind of stuff do you guys do?


You're blue balling.


We got a jumbo jet.


I turn into an earth elemental.


Oh, Scanlan, stop it!


That's Keg, probably. Keg, we're in here!


Well, I picked it up, and I put it aside in a jar, just in case.


Or maybe if you follow Kommissar Props, we’ll do another giveaway to the people who follow him.


Oh. Well, half good, half bad.


I think we can bring the bowls up. It doesn't take that long.


Yeah, yeah, let's go do that.


I didn't realize how crazy it sounds until you say it out loud.


We should bring a Pike to hell.


He's a spy.


Okay. Definitely want to piss on that hand, Grog.


Yeah, that's true.


Does it look trapped? Is this trapped on the wall?


Yes. Is it magic--?


Do it level one.


Hold on, let me see if I've got Speak With Animals. I don't think I have it. It's 1st-level, I can still do it! Trinket?


No, no thanks. Ugh.


Okay. I'm going to come up. I'm trying to think of what I have in range, and I'm terrified. And I'm going to stick with my original instinct and do Wall of Stone and try and wall these guys in so they can't run. I think they can still carve through it with their big black death orb now.


Oh, that helps.


George Clooney, anybody?


It's working pretty well.


I rolled a natural one, with negative two.


Natural 20 on my stealth.


I'm wet and upset! Why did you do that?!


It’s a wonder, looking outside.


Do you know what Fenthras means?


If you go to our website, it filters through, but as long as you hashtag Critical Role--


I'll just hang onto it. I'll just hold onto it.


I have a gold and platinum band with braids.


But I have a plus nine acrobatics! Plus nine acrobatics!


Wait! Can I War God's Blessing?


On a similar note, I feel like our new miniature friend will also draw attention.


Are you in? Are you down?


What about long-range shit, man?


Come on! Dish.


Everybody speechless.


You smell terrible.


It's what I was curious about.


You clever fucker.


Two, so six.


16, total.


Okay, yeah, do that.


We'll have to go here, come back, and then go again. Also, if we're going to go through Berleben anyway, we might as well check in on Horris.


Percy, spread your legs! I let her crawl through us.


We'll find out who he really is later.


(laughs) Yeah, thank you. Travis needs to make an intelligence check. Oh Jesus, it's a 12. Minus two.


What is that? Investigation?


So we can find out why there are zombies.


He's fine, he's having a good-- That doesn't feel good. How do you do that? Ugh.


The guy that pushes past, what's he look like? What's he wearing?


Three ki points! Burning them out.


I trust Percy; whatever you say.


Are we next morning, or we're still evening, at this point?


Vengeance!


Oh! Well, I can cast Charm Person.


Oh shit. You're a force to be reckoned with. They were all above seven.


We gonna kill 'em.


There's a door you cannot see, and a bad face sucks your life away.


Mr. Wren!


I'm not gonna fight you no matter what.


Plus dex modifier?


(coughing) Me?


I saved it for too late. I did it too late. But then in the balls...


Oh, you're so welcome.


Where'd you go?


And I take half.


Yes. Quite.


No, because that’s only the first.


Dads and blood and--


And my boy--


Thanks, Lieutenant, for nothing. Okay, maybe some sort of sign will help them.


Don't offer that.


But then we can't make a hasty retreat.


I'm checking the boxes for traps. And the door.


(indecisive sound) It's less of a tree than I was hoping for.


I mean, this is coming from the guy who spent two hours in a smut shop trying to find magic.


Jesus, Fenthras.


(nervous sounds)


Aren't I cool, Tary?


We are sinking in the mud over here!


Just get him boots that go all the way up to the neck.


Keep going. I'm going to cross-reference that. Keep going.


I'll go first because I'm scared. I'm going to use my air to cast Expeditious Retreat on myself. So I, too, am going to spit out some air and do this in the water. That doubles my speed, which I can use a bonus action for dashing, plus my movement. I will swim up five feet and then towards the stairs.


Yeah. Eight more points of damage.


Or--


(high-pitched) These are still sharp.


We have Pass Without a Trace!


That's me! I cast Hunter's Mark! Actually, I just transfer it, because the other one died. I transfer it to the king. And then I cast-- First I want to move Trinket over and-- oh no, I can only move Trinket. Okay, first I'm gonna cast Conjure Barrage. It's a 60-foot cone. So I want to see how many of them I can get.


Half of the skiff.


I want to land and then start thinking, god, I wish I was not made of farts, and start trying to undo whatever this is.


If you're on a bridge, you're looking down at your feet.


Did I see Vax push that?


Okay. I am going to march over to that, oh man, to that guy.


Are the hinges on this side so it looks like it opens towards me?


I know I'm 16. Yasha's 15.


One sex on the beach! (laughter)


(whispering) Yes.


Nope, and nope.


The blazing bowstring. Thank you, Tiberius!


We are sure they will.


(answering grunts) It sounds like a concrete mixer.


Just watch your step!


What did you use it on?


Keyleth is not good at this.


14. 21. 21 again.


Use my first Luck of the day. Oh, not good. Same thing. Just a six.


I don't know, maybe.


I could send Frumpkin in ahead of us to have a look around, if you think that's wise.


Run, Forrest.


Shake on it?


It takes about two weeks, so I guess we’ll find out.


Ugh, haggle him down. I'm not there.


For Grog!


No, you keep it. I'm a very generous person.


Like onto his wenis?


Yep. Drop your pants.


I'm going to dominate the guy in front.


I'm ten feet from each?


I'll give him a little cheek slap.


I want to just put something out on the headsets really quickly. "When we get into the city, I need everyone to promise that we're not going to enter the temple. No one rush in, no one be brash. No one make a poor decision. We're going to wait. No matter what happens, don't enter the temple until we've all had a moment to figure out what's happening."


Quick, come up with a plan!


Before they go, I just reach out my hand and introduce myself to Kaylie. I've heard many lovely things about you.


Wait, I cast Enlarge on Caduceus so he's twice his size!


Where is she in relation to him?


DM, can I dance back and forth like this and see what I can see through that doorway? Can I see this one?


