Maybe you should amend that in the contract.


Yeah, this is just a wrong time, wrong place thing.


That's literally what it is.


Tiberius, can we hit it and quit it?


But you said it was a gate to another dimension?


He might have been an ally. We might have killed someone who was valuable.


How did you do it?


We get that for free.


Save my brother! (garbled) Save my brother.


Do you want me to take a dump somewhere?


Would we be able to see anything to make perception checks from here?


What did you do to our friend?


Five-dollar word.


I tell the horses, we're going fast.


You have to roll again?


I wonder if they're going to notice that fence.


And what, might I ask, is your name?


Don't I look all right? I'm fine! What's your problem?


I'm going to take a guess  you don't leave here very much, do you?


Sounds perfectly safe.


I take the carpet--


I just want to make sure.


But I'm good on paint?


38 to Trinket?


Wait, do I get an extra roll?


This is the next morning?


Oh, plus four? So six, so ten. Ten points of damage.


You have inspiration, if you want to use it.


I heard "Gentleman." I'm walking over.


Looking tough.


You have honey? Can you make honey in your--


Oh, so good. Investigation, yeah? 18.


Yep! No lightning attacks!


You did? (all cheer)


That's a magic all its own.


Bonus action, shot. 22 to hit?


Keyleth, ask the captain if she wants to have extra speed from your wind.


What time is the signing? That's actually a real question.


Yeah. You think they have graham crackers and little bits of chocolate with marshmallow?


Scanlan, could you have your wonderful friends create a distraction?


Are they trapped? I'll look to see if they're trapped.


Yeah, I almost asked if there was. Is there a mailing list? You got to get the word out. Get people interested.


Kill her.


Eat some veggies! Fruit's bad for the diabetes!


Where did he say we could meet up?


--Pike, and say  And my takeaway is that maybe we were forgetting who we were before we all banded together. And then I leave the room.


Matt's gone, I guess. Oh, he's back!


Something's about to happen and I just jam the eye into the--


How do we be one of the fights?


We've met a lot of doom-seers. You sure you can stand up to them?


We'll sleep for now. We'll wake up in the morning, and we'll either go in one direction or the other.


Your favorite druid Marisha Ray! (cheering and chanting "Keyleth")


I'm so mad at him. Why'd he get stolen?


Six. Six twins.


Big woman. This has your name all over it. I think--


But somebody's got them.


Let's go talk to Nostoc.


No advantage for engagement?


There's a king in there?


Pre-dick or post-dick?


I'm going to light up my swords.


Who's still on the ship?


And the point at which they connect, is that about a quarter size, would you say?


And we'll break because I have to pee really bad. But thank you so much.


Come on, get it!


Oh no! But this can't be the only thing that determines if she's an astral projection or if she comes with us?


Pillow fight! (laughter)


I'm at five total, right? 46. 45. 55. A one. And a 95.


Will they? After they ransack everything again?


Yeah, I've never seen the ocean either, but--


I know. That is crazy!


Not-- (stammers)


It's saving its Whirlwind attack.


Shit Stain is down at the bottom of the stairs. Reckless!


Camping sucks.


It is. (all laugh)


If he moves, yeah.


You know how tired I am right now?


Okay, so you dropped us off.


Just rolling.


(shouting) What do I do with it!?


Oh god, what's happening?


You do your thing first. You just do your thing first and I'll see where the chips fall. Also, Matt, which guy is our guy? The red?


Ooh, his eyebrows literally going up when you said that. I think he wants to do it.


Fuck you, and you, and fuck you, and especially fuck you.


Okay, first one.


Staying there.


Thank god I took that!


We left it in Emon.


Indeed. Many years of my life.


It was just ten days, first of all.


We're gonna lower you down.


So talk to Allura first, then unfreeze Lady Kima?


No, I close it instantly.


It is a 40-foot cube.


You have it.


Oh shit! They could have gotten any of us.


So I can't see what I'm doing, right?


And this is a straight-up attack. Yeah, I believe that hits. Yes, it does.


What about Von?


It's aiming at you.


There are smarter people than us.


How soft are you getting?


Oh. Get out of here!


It's okay, just rage. Just rage, it's fine.


Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Critical Craft Fair.


I'm going to make a little camp underneath the cart.


How many were there?


Smell this. Bip.


Ooh! That's not too bad.


No one's in sneaky range. I'm going to caress the little pouch, little bit. Looking up to Caleb to see if he's looking at me at all.


What for? It's fine, no one's in trouble.


We still haven't found your partner. He's not here yet, right?


You can't help that shit, first off.


Dude, what?! [break]


Oh, okay. So I get another attack?


I just want to shoot one where she was.


I'll solidify on the ground.


Of punching damage, yeah.


I'm feeling it, yeah. Spice magic.


Can I make it over east? Let's go east, near his butt. How far can I get?


His NAME was Hotis. Rakshasas are devils from the Nine Hells.


You can also dig a hole right underneath it too so you can hide--


We probably need to hurry.


I'm a shark!


But he was extremely frightening.


I'm running to find Caleb.


Two big ones?


Now Apple will do it for you.


Here, come with me. I take him upstairs, take him to his room. And before I bid him adieu I say: later tonight we can discuss more, but I would like to ask for your granddaughter's hand in marriage. But I'll need your permission first.


Travis and I--


How much time passed between waking up in a dirt box and the circus?


Good sesh.


Worship?


Don't touch it! I wonder if that makes spells better. (gasps)


More corpse picking to do.


But we haven't touched it though.


My mother would have said she is a good egg.


Sure, I'll send an arrow down into the one that Jester attacked.


Like Critical Role urns to hold the ashes of your friends!


Your five-star review just went to a four, okay? I just want to say.


(yelling) God fucking shitballs cock!


Sure. Let's do this. That's a six.


That was such a good game for learning the basic mechanics. Such a well put together game.


I know. I want to back up into that corner, though, just to get away from them.


We caused a giant explosion, we destroyed a rug, we broke into two different places, Mollymauk was seen by guards outside of both; there was plenty of traces we left behind. I opened a box that froze me for an hour!


We're traveling now? We're drunk!


(whispering) Because I'm not up there, and no one else is remembering.


What theme is this?


Who cares? This is a game. I'm with my friends. I'm having fun. That is an 18.


Who goes first out of all these attacks of opportunity?


Thanks, I'm trying real hard.


4d8 bludgeoning.


I'm going to go ahead and cast Thunderwave. Maybe this shit can only be taken down with magic.


Is this room that you rented gigantic?


Come on. (sighs) Okay, 13.


You have now officially been conscribed to The Mighty Nein--


Oh, we don't.


A pleasure. I recommend eventually, not necessarily today 'cause I am actually enjoying it, learning everyone else's name as well.


If only Scanlan had inspired you.


I'm responsible for casting the spell to get us here to begin with.


Everyone, Matt and I recently did another Hot Pepper Gaming video. Another Hot Pepper Game review, so, go check it out on Youtube at HotPepperGaming. They're super fun.


It's a good idea, though.


Pike might.


Okay, so I still roll. Oh, that's a seven. No, that's a one. Okay. Oh, that's shit. Five. It looks like a seven.


Yeah, I'll pretend to know what those are.


I put the orc tongue in the bag of holding. And the orc head. Both.


Okay, all right. Nipple level?


One round?


Well, thank you. You know, I don't want to burden you with my shit. You've got your own fish to fry and your own battles to wage, and I don't want you to have to worry about me or anything. That means a lot to me, and-- oh, hello.


We don't know. All right.


Harry Potter lives there. I started reading Harry Potter.


Scout it out. I think that's a great idea.


Fuck these dogs! That's why you said we should never own dogs.


No! That's not the lesson of the story, you guys!


Are they vacant?


And Avantika needs the sphere, correct?


Well, Song of Rest just happens, right? Do you get that for free? You might as well, if you don't burn anything.


I move the rest of the way.


If they were taken, that means they came to our camp and took her, possibly. And even if they did not, it's not like we were hiding.


My family is pretty bad, I've learned. But I've also learned from young Trickfoot that even a rotten family is worth trying to save. And I admire the path that she took with her family, and I would like to at least try to push mine in the right direction and try to make our name a little less shitty.


Something creepy.


Did you see that, Grog?


It's still good, but--


Earmuffs.


Let's double-reinforce, just pile-drive the one that's already a little collapsed and make it really collapsed. And then we'll collapse the others while we're leaving.


Somebody asked something, like, what do we hope is the result of this show? I can't remember the wording. Obviously we're doing this because we love each other and we're having fun together, but I also hope, D&D has been, its entire history has been like, "oh, it's this weird thing that guys do with dice in a room." Anyone can do this, I love video games, I work in video games, but D&D has changed my life. It is social, it is person to person, it is real, because it's people in a room doing shit together, and that's kind of lacking a little bit in our world, and I would say find some friends. I mean, I love that there are sort of online tools to play with people across the country, but if you can find three or four people in your town to do this, I'd say do it. Do it.


I've got dagger to her throat and I'm hold-- She's bald?


I look at him, and I'm like--


Don't you fucking move you little green piece of filth.


Commune in commune in a commune.


Do you want two regular potions, how is that, Tary? Is that good for you? In addition to your patches? Or would you want one of the greaters that you bought for us?


Right underneath him?


What if it hits Pike?


I can't help it!


(deep sigh)


You can spin him. Here! I'm going to spin him around a couple times. Now which way's north?


I'm going to try to follow him. I'm not going to aim for the tower, I'm going to try to get to Pike.


Sometimes a spider and other things as well. This does other things besides making money? What else does this do?


Rage, urine, and death.


Who, me and Grog? Okay.


I'll just go back to doggy paddling.


-- and a Daisy Chain of Assholes.


But what do they do for fun?


Does he also get the fire damage?


Oh that's true, three whole times!


Yup, yup. Your type, I think.


Religion check? 15.


The Leaky Nip. What's it called?


Fire damage!


So the mods will keep spamming that throughout the weekend and you guys can donate throughout the rebroadcast and things like that for a one-dollar Deus Ex code.


My wisdom modifier, I believe it's three.


Keep that cast hand feeling firm.


Yes, I feel better. Thank you.


Ten feet? That means two people wide.


Yes, yes. So we have to go over.


Your regular swimming speed.


I think that once we arrive, he'll find us. Or she.


Am I able to carry that? I don't even know.


I reach down and high-five Pike.


It has shitty dexterity.


This neighborhood makes me a little edgy to be honest. I'm done. But I will go with you if you want to go somewhere.


And this is a bird.


So disadvantage?


Are we talking when you were a little girl with the--?


Every day he comes in. Two hours, just writing songs.


No, because that's weird. So just over the shoulder, and then the tentacles tickle her face and stuff.


The third one I wanted it to be, should I reroll since I didn't specify?


Sealing of what? Oh, the trammels?


What I'm saying is, you should believe in yourselves the way that I believe in you, Scanlan. And the way that you believe in everyone else, Scanlan! Because you're all strong and unique. And we're probably going to die. (laughter)


And now you can't.


That's why we have so many pounds of dragon scales from the previous dragons! We could make three sets of armor right now.


That's typically how it works.


I am the Vision. (laughter)


I liked that guy, though. He was good.


Oh no, you're all grouped together.


Oh, is it? 18.


That's really-- yeah.


Plus eight.


Algar?


Or is it magical?


Kill it before it kills me. Okay.


I did not. I looked on the printout that Matt gave me. The one page that I needed to play the game.


There's something deadly out there that wants to murder us all in our sleep.


Oh, it's like hides and leathers and--


And now my other shot. Marking that off. I'm going to shoot him while he's down.


Why would you even tempt that shit?


That's really, genuinely helpful. (all laugh)


Do you know what area of town it would be in?


Yeah! What's that power, Tal?


How many times have you worked with Jawgrasp or Avantika in the past?


You may kill him.


Bobby Brown.


And Percy's got the other?


You didn't think of that, did you?


I lied! I am not going to do the Sacred Flame, I'm going to do Toll the Dead because that's a wisdom saving throw.


Broken clock twice a day. Come on.


Who you talking to, Grog?


Sure. I'll sing to a book, Matt. (singing) Read to me of times gone by. Can it be you're here when a bunch of gods died? (speaking) Okay. That's all I got.


Because he's out of it. He's going cuckoo.


Ten, 31.


Me? I would like to run towards the fucking Lord Sylas. Can I reach him?


Hey, friend.


Can I look and see if people are selling weapons?


Yeah, but he can write it down.


Oh, you want to set some sort of trap or example for her?


Should've left our money in the cart.


Oh it is, it's Hotis, it's Hotis!


Well, what did you find on the bodies? Sorry.


(laughs) Vacations are my favored terrain. (laughter)


I can talk later.


Sorry. I don't mean to disturb you. I just feel really guilty. I just wanted to say sorry for being mad at you for being able to fly, because I'm actually really impressed and proud of you, and I'm glad you're not dead.


Not even chicken salad in this mansion?


Tug, tug!


Yeah! Become pirates.


He's had worse. He'll be fine.


Oh, I'll hold onto it--


Versus my strength, right?


It's fair to draw a line at human sacrifice.


Hey, now. Not cool. Not cool. We do not use the W word around here.


Maybe you should find out!


You're back.


Yeah, you fucked up. That was crazy.


No, that's good! 19.


Yeah! That helped.


Caleb and I knew where you were and wanted to ascertain...


This is out of-- I don't know if this is going to be any help or anything, by the way, Vax, but just in case. I'm going to reach in and pull out the mask and hand it to Vax. Just in case.


I just had this weird thought. Do I smell anything? Do I taste anything in the air? Is there minerals? I had this horrifying notion. Are there signs that this island has even been vaguely inhabited at all, recently? How many people does it feel like are here?


I'm going to go ahead and dart down this hall that we know is for sure empty.


AC 19.


I'm going to be totally okay.


Okay. I'm going to cast (singsong) Cure Wounds at third level. On Caduceus.


Yeah. I don’t move.


But you're naked.


I'm just an idiot thinking.


How big is the wall at Greystone Keep?


Okay. I, while maintaining concentration I can still use the wand to do things, yeah? So I'll use three charges of the Wand of Fireballs.


Are there any other windows along from where I am? I know they would be a ways off.


They've also been put on alert, but we have not personally been there yet since this has happened.


What if we went on airship instead? We have one at our disposal, do we not?


So is it possible to try to get her help before we do this? Or is it something that you have to do on the spot?


I can do both divination and evocation.


Two, three-ish?


There's only one other thing that's older.


Is there anywhere I can stay on the dance floor and get a line of sight with the creature?


Because I know jenga. It's one of my favorite words. I'm like, (wordless aggressive sounds) Is there anybody in the hallway?


No! Oh, no!


It's infinite rope!


Oh, what are Kima and Clarota--


I did bandages on her real good.


Just draw a dick-butt on his forehead; it's fine.


I'm not going to further question you about that.


It's not red, but on camera it looks very red to us. This thing.


We might need it.


Aren't you glad you got out of the Pokeball for this?


Even as a source of information, a source of vengeance, she is a constant disappointment.


I mean I could do what I did before and follow you as Minxie. Worked last time. I still have my one last shape, as well.


Otherwise, I could just tell you what I sort of saw, but I heard a lot of "Backblaze!" in the background.


Oh, just damage?


It's a cluster out in the Lucidian Ocean.


Bet he can't.


You all right there, bud?


He's cute though, right?


One use, or is it multiple?


Engorgio?


He can read.


Be confident!


You can see really cool things.


And I'm going to take another headshot, because that's funny. And that's 31 to hit.


Might be green.


I want to go try to buy a map.


All right. Well. I'm far away from him, but Grog's right next to him, so I probably shouldn't do anything too terrible.


You were not able to attend Critmas.


Which is why I didn't ask.


You're the only two that have noticed.


3250 gold, it's platinum plus gold, around 600 platinum pieces times five.


Yeah, that swings back to us a little bit.


He's-- He's dead.


That is a hell of a talent you have.


Maybe we can also take the day to ask around and get a little bit more of a bead on the opinions of the locals on the current political climate.


But I love that cat!


I'm listening. I'm listening.


You could grab the hammer.


I did not.


Come on, persuade that plant.


(singing) Knick knacks.


(whispers) Don't forget the bolt.


The rest of us?


I slide past Tiberius, crouch down to the ground again, and start scuttling along the ground. Looking, listening.


You know, it was ugly, on all sides, when you left, but I've always understood why you left. I admire it.


I'm over there flanking with Beau.


Oh, that's fucking brutal.


The red robe. I'm looking at the red robe.


Which one is your favorite so far?


From where I'm hidden to where it was when it appeared, how far is that?


Tell him they might have yogurt with them.


You want me to jog into town?


Cool. Right. Pass Without a Trace is still going, right?


Pause for 30 minutes and heal?


Well, that's good. I would hope he's not waiting on the other side for you.


You know, I will say, it's a little bullshit.


Sure, man. This is a strong snake.


She's going to reappear, obviously. She knows we're here.


What happens if I were to just pinky in?


We're the most capable people in this town right now.


You're the only one I-- should we go get drinks? Maybe we should go get drinks first. Let's go get drinks and then I'll give you your present.


Not that different from my normal speech.


Seven of us could go through.


I need the tarts.


Sometimes. Mostly it was just her, though.


Tree beasts or three beasts?


I’ve changed my mind, I think it can wait until morning, but for sure-- Well, if she has one, good, but it's a lot of disarray.


I'm taking him by the cheeks. You're in a very bad place. You're in a very bad place and time. You need to get out of here. You need to take these women and go downstairs and hide.


But is it a long wick?


Once we get down! Once we get down!


Oh, I don't know. I mean, it was dark.


I know. It’s just you were drunk, so I’m reiterating it. (all laugh)


Oh, there's many ways we could do that.


Super tan skin?


Wait, how many?


Like a tea set?


Go, sharpshooters, go.


What was your first roll?


Are you listening, Sarenrae? It's me, Pike. (laughter)


(whispers) What is this thing?


Whatever? It's a dragon!


Actually, on the other side of the pillar so I can actually see the one that's getting towards him.


Our little Lobey.


The Unmentionables.


Yes, I will come out of the quarters to move within melee of the one that everybody's having the party around?


Aren't you deaf?


We are punished by that.


Don't a couple of you have Lightning? Can't you deep-fry the water?


He's just staring at you.


I look around to see if anyone was distracted by Fjord’s large belch.


I want to pull my leg at the same time and see if I can help him out at all.


I say shut up you miscreant and I backhand Nott.


Oh no, look at that face. Holy shit, look--


These fucking doors.


Was she, I don't know, did she say anything else about--


Oh shit!


Were you around when you buried him?


Why do I keep running into things? I need contact lenses.


It's not a big deal, you guys.


Grams of gold?


It's a longsword?


You're cold.


Okay, so I turn and I start shouting to the mist and I say, what's the matter, Sylas? Afraid of a little gnome and a druid? And I blast him with Sunbeam.


It's all right. It's a 19. The second is a 28. And the third is a 21.


That's a thing that can happen. All right.


Yeah, they were going to eat her.


But he likes you! Not so much me.


She's got this shit. She's a cleric! She's a monster.


Football tackled, just gone, okay.


I think we want to try and get the Slow spell off after it's past the log, right?


22 for the first one.


22 is what I rolled.


As the person who is sitting here, I think that we will see you next week. It is time.


That was very well fought. Impressive.


But that's the exit. That's where we need to go to?


That was just my bonus action, I'm going to use my action--


You are the muscle. She's the muscle. You guys are the muscle. I am not the muscle.


We're talking about D&D Beyond?


Okay. Now I want to shoot Conjure Barrage at the ceiling above the frost one.


Yasha had a seven.


Gotta fucking attack that bitch.


It's Dootie.


Matt?


All right then, I say the one closest to us, I will hit with Frostbite.


I'll bring him one.


Two paths, Percy?


I want to pick him up and try and bodyslam him.


I mean, what is this? What is this roll?


Fiber. No movement yet.


Oh god! No, it's going to die!


Can I now grab him by the collar and try and drag him away?


And I met you ten hours ago?


(make snatching noises)


Are you going to rethread the silver that is--


How high are the lowest branches?


Hey, Gern! Gern! Gern! Gern!


This is my trying to-- Cutting Words!


Oh! Pieces of the enemy? We get paid for it.


She is on another plane. She's in the Ethereal Plane. We did the oil thing. We didn't think it through.


With a minus two.


Can I make out any traps or anything in the ceilings or the walls?


What? Siege?


I'm having an issue here. Because I have 18 in parentheses, and then I wrote a 20 and I circled it and I don't know why.


Don't mug yourself.


Three days?


If the djinn got away, then maybe the djinn did it.


Don't make that face! I wouldn't put that past you for one second.


320.


It was quite a beautiful city. Not as much anymore.


You killed it?


Can I search for one?


Okay. I think I'm going to stay, and then bonus action, I'm going to throw up a Spiritual Weapon.


I go find Keyleth.


I mean, it doesn't mean that there's not something still potentially there, but I'm sure Allura got most of the good stuff. She's not stupid.


Yup. 26.


Does it have a name?


Yeah, you pulled it. Want me to get it?


We hope.


Yeah. But, you know, all I care about is that you're happier now than you were. You seem a little happier.


Come on, you're a foodie.


No, well, you can say that, too, but just know that-- that I owe you one. I owe you-- what-- It's--


You have so few actions.


I'm back.


Now for the door. Natural 20.


No, he's fine. He'll be fine. I just have to rebuild him. It'll take some time and money, which I don't have.


Scanlan. If you promise you won't run away, I'll put this fucking hat back on.


So it's going to be a canon episode?


What-what!


But let's organize a group, and let's at least open relations with them at this point.


I'll wait. I'll wait.


Like spider webs?


The white dragon is primal, right? He likes to hunt creatures. We've got to go now. We leave. We leave them alone. That way we're not in danger, they're not in danger. We promise to come back, not only with forces to help remove the white dragon, but also with something for it to hunt. That way we're not fighting it in its fucking lair.


Well the rats have already started. So Schmidt, I want you to go to these larger bundles and give them a little pokey-poo.


I grab some paper out of my bag and I start writing a note to Mollymauk, telling him to find us through The Gentleman.


They were useless.


Adelaine? (laughter)


So we're going there with the express purpose of--?


Do we want to try and make one more jump?


-- and Doty may or may not have paddy-caked some of the guards, so, like, we need to remove--


I will take those. Thank you very much, Herr Sol.


Caleb and Nott are already there.


Matt bought a platinum snitch.


All right, so I'm taking a potion of greater healing and walking backward. Walking distance. And greater healing is 4d4, right?


He's looking at me? Oh no.


Go fishing, yeah.


Nothing, left. Liam eats farts. I'm ready.


Wait, it was Greater Restoration?


Are you gonna slide by the temple?


Does that Cutting Words him down to 19 or 18?


Plus acid?


I'm going to clean off the sapphire.


Yeah. So I will shank him again.


Don't take offense, but we can leave Kima. She can't do anything for us up here. She has no ranged attacks, she's useless. In a sexy way.


I know, but we all have to rest.


Can you do that with your toes?


Is the board between here and there? The job board.


Yeah. There's another room. There's five more of them, if I remember.


(sings) Hey baby, hey baby, hey!


No, we should go.


He told me five minutes ago, and he told me what was going on, and I was like, "I'm back, can I play?" He said, "Yeah you can play. Let me plan real quick."


He's bloodied. He's definitely bloodied.


Yeah, I don't know if that's going to work for me. All right, let's get moving. Try and ignore this.


Please work.


Sorry. Any room?


Do we want to try to get everyone else across before you do that? Maybe it's a one-time-only?


Oh. Well, you don't want to keep it. You hate burning people.


It is activated by a secret chant that we will only tell you once we are safe and the prisoner-- or keep-- I don't know. Are you keeping him as a prisoner or--


Yeah, totes.


Roll a 20 and add it to your history. So 11.


The passage that we were in.


A moon shadow.


Hey, in the future-- Travis, what do you think about this-- don't shake your butt.


Action surge, motherfucker!


Hello there, my friend! Just as I said, I've returned. I have what we agreed on. 13 gold for these two books that we discussed.


All right. Are we doing a talk circle?


(whispering) He made it!


Aw, fuck. Five points of damage.


I think we misjudged him.


Or also, because he'll get the one legendary, but other than that, it's whatever we can get the fullest round.


Are we near any structures or any houses?


How's your little girl doing? Sorry, I cover my beard.


I'm going to move behind that rock over there. (yelping) That's it.


I have Pass Without a Trace.


Should've rode in on a horse.


But she's sick.


I do pat, pat, pat, except I cast Lay on Hands when I do it.


Doesn't matter. She just gets extra points--


All or just one?


Can you take some people with you?


Sorry, your nubbin lives.


And we found out your parents watch! We had no idea your parents watched.


I do want to leave them with Nott. I'm going to unharness the--


Blood Maledict!


How are you all drinking? What is it that you live off of? How is this possible in here? I'm going to quickly, out of fear, cast Eyes of the Grave one more time.


Bird-size.


No, I didn't. It hurts to see so many react to a name that only meant so much to me, but-- I don't even know if he's alive. We might find him down there.


(whispers) Send him three more letters.


Oh, yes. Harold? Horris.


We're finishing up the harvesting, and I go to talk to Raishan really quickly.


Everybody's going to die, all right? So we're going to kill everyone that we see in the next ten seconds.


I'm going to go get our d20s back.


I'd recommend staying the night; you're all pretty banged up.


So that would shave time?


Couple rounds of Paranoia, and Hole, because that's funny. Hole was amazing.


Well it was nighttime before. Maybe they'll be more--


(cell phone ringing) Oh dear.


I'm intimidating the sphere.


We're going, we're sailing.


Yeah, we're going to go back downstairs.


What about those bracers you were talking about?


It's a series of bad decisions.


Do I have them?


You're an archer.


Just couldn't let it go. I'm so sorry. I just couldn't let it go.


If there were any little confectionaries with that too, we would have bought whatever they had left.


Okay! To fight?


The most expensive healing potion.


Got that paper!


To fly a mile?


That means Raishan was here.


Runaways? No, we go to the Briarwoods--


Because I'm hasted, can I get right in front of Nila?


Preying Mantis man. Cat Girl.


I could scry on the area if I knew enough about it.


Okay. Oh! Nice.


And for Ioun Stones I can have up to three in the head slot?


As he's going, I tell him  Correction, find an out of the way place to sit and watch those barrels. Stealth, you say?


That seemed to work.


I say, I'm going to have to kill you, dear boy.


It really happened. I almost died.


I haven't swallowed it, I'm just going, hmm, hmm.


So I keel over mysteriously dead. Just kidding! Sorry. No, all right, cool.


It is their cross to bear. That's why this one doesn't even talk, and this one is a leper of few words.


That was-- very specific.


It's a nervous habit! I'm sorry! (all laugh)


Make him a white crow.


Five. Sorry, I did five.


26. (laughter)


You need to work out.


I have a question for you after her turn.


So why are these things showing up wherever we go for Quall?


Earthbreaker Groon.


We've been freaking out.


It's not a giant eel, it's just an eel.


He's a sword, he cuts, that's his thing.


(fake wolf whistles)


Oh, fuck. All right.


Toll the Dead at the same time!


I don't know why we did that. Now we've got to think of a name!


I rolled a 1.


Stimpy? Was it Stimpy? It was Stimpy!


And I say, thank you, in Gnomish. In Gnome.


Why do you say that?


God, that's bad. I don't think I even fucking spelled it right. I think I botched that all across the board. I spelled it "Hyneas."


And it's a 1d10, not a 1d8. I was talking out my ass before. So ten.


Yeah. I agree.


What kind of stuff does he make?


What didn't we say?


We've had good themes of guests killing bosses.


Yep. We'll leave it at that.


Personalities are fucking great.


I thought I could make it!


It's pronounced 'felching'. (laughter)


I'll go. I'll go with him.


Tary Jumbo!


Okay, okay, okay. One! Plus four, so five damage. (cheering)


Hunin and Kyor!


I look at Whaska and I say  Let me confer with my other masters. Hey, Senokir, what does he want? What do you think is fair here?


I can't work with this kind of pressure!


No, but it's so we can put it on somebody here.


Because Kima did something super hot.


I'll give it to her. Here, it's a gift. Congratulations-on-you-being-in-a-new group gift.


Are you sure? I was planning to go out, but it's awkward for me. I thought you would be going.


One. That's terrible. That's 13 points of Eldritch Blast energy. Oh, I'm sorry, wait. Just checking. Plus three, so 16 points, with the additional three. That will be--


Into the tunnel. Into the dark.


(whispering) Shakäste!


And yet, worst case scenario, I also have this book that Scanlan read that's on how to be a good leader--


I'm going to draw her a little sketch of something that would spring, that you can make out of wood.


Oh, okay. 28.


No, I remember.


Guys, I don't know about you. But my stats are so neat because of D&D Beyond tonight.


He wanted us to bring back any type of ancient research that we could find.


We've noticed.


Really? What's his power? How's he powered? What runs him? I'm just sort of curious.


My sister Cassandra, my younger sister. She somehow evaded capture. I don't know how. She set me free. I don't know what became of her. I don't know what became of any of my siblings. Probably nothing reasonable. Nothing good.


Fix this. You fix this now. I will break more stuff.


This is what happens when you get half the cast in a session together.


You wanna go invisible and jump on my back and I can eagle up?


Grog is an expert on all things.


Like Claymation.


Okay. 17 points.


So much black to wear.


Yeah, I mean we're too distracted with our own personal damage.


Where we found you?


Walks away from us.


Not an extra, because not Divine Fury?


I will be.


You need some water?


I'll take second position.


What did you find again? Brass knuckles of some sort?


It's merlot.


And there are people about?


Argh, who is K'varn?


Is this good enough for him to discern?


Smooth operator. (laughter)


Have you been there?


No, I'll stay there. Am I within 15 feet of him if he's on the ground?


That's pretty crazy.


With the Legendary Resistances. Do you get legendary resistance every round?


Why would we not want to go to this place?


Should we leave, and go to another building?


Well, it takes a minute to do the Scrying.


Okay, so that is a nine. And then I'm going to follow-- the nine of damage.


Not as much as I wanted to do, but I'm not going to get any closer this round. I'm going to use that action to--


No no no. Don't.


Well, I mean, many people? I got bored. You've never slept that long, so I left, I went downstairs, I thought I'd do a bit of window-shopping, and you know how sometimes I get the itch, you know?


Well it was on a magnet, so it was stuck to a magnet.


Quick glance in the crates?


(Infernal voice) Who ate all the Cracklin' Oat Bran?


There was no battle. There was no battle with Avantika, man!


I'll meet you there. Actually, you know what? I want to see you see that map.


Right. I'm glad I asked you.


Oh, he's casting the wand.


Not pretty.


I have no ideas for anything.


A dungeon in a dungeon?


You can toss a shark at a zombie.


We can't see him right now, though.


Nice. It screamed in pain from the impact.


That's wonderful news.


I have them, they're right here!


Yes, you can go to Vasselheim, but what I have to do there, I don't want you to have any part of it. Just this. Just this one thing.


God, you've cast 19 spells.


I'm going to use Hunter's Bane really quickly and look at the track for a second.


They stepped into the circle?


Wonderful. Mind if I sit down?


In Westruun.


I can have someone take him, if you'd like to stay?


We're not leaving though, we're not leaving anywhere. They're going to fix that ship.


Okay, and this, since it's a surprise, it's automatic crit?


Okay, good! Okay, I've already tried the Bramble Shot. It's gone now. Then I'm going to attack him a couple times. That was a one and a 30.


I think the dragons' motives have probably shifted by now, and where the dragons might not be interested in plundering anymore, instead might be interested in any city that we are in.


3d10! I'm going to say in Infernal--


I'm going to walk over.


Okay, I'll do a 2nd-level Healing Word, and I will sing to him, because I'm running out of things that rhyme with his name: (singing) Gern down for what! (EDM beat) Gern down for what! That's it.


The ziggurat's kind of a big deal, right? I feel like that's warranted for extra Ashari leave time, for diplomatic duty. Right?


Well, you can treat it like a weather shelter. If the dragons come, we set up an early warning system. They go underground. But this is their home.


My god, it's a shopping episode! I'm so excited! Just appeared out of nowhere!


We have to go at least find out if the spells are still affecting us. If we go through and Pike's dumb--


Hey guys, Nott's in the rug.


He also said that the pit fiend could be there in one to two days.


On concentration?


I take the swords.


I love those cards.


"Everyone out." And I start casting a Flaming Sphere.


Yasha, you should do it. You're very strong.


Sort of like sandpaper on a chalkboard.


So he uses his spell attack bonus, I'm assuming?


It's not. But don't come down here, thank you.


All right. 23.


Right, that makes sense. Right. So it was a 29, no, I mean it wasn't. What?


Because of baby.


I don't know. I think I'm just gonna enjoy watching this for a minute.


What do we think is taking over the hive mind?


(high-pitched) Yeah, that's all right.


Just a Vidal Sassoon face right now.


Oh, yes it is.


Umbrasyl. Dead. One down.


-- all of us piled on Grog and Trinket and you as the bases, and we become this--


You hit once.


Well, perhaps we don't want to show up on these people's doorstep as the sun is going down. Why don't we spend a night here? You were looking for some companionship. You can work on that.


(laughing) Two years, and I just don’t.


The king or something?


Does that mean I roll again for--


I'm going to keep a flanking point. I’m going to move a little bit, so that we’re spread out around it. So it has to make some decisions.


Eh, it's fine.


That's a misfire. I'm going to do a quick repair. And that's fine.


I don't know if that's-- less aviary than celebratory.


Ooh! I bet someone's going to try to hijack our shit on the road just like we were talking about then.


Grog, Grog, I'm nudging you.


Okay. And then as my bonus action, who got hit first? You did? I'll just throw a healing word to him.


Yes. The stealthiest of the stealthy go.


I'll take care of her. We'll be fine. Don't worry about it.


Oh, it's like football drills? Running into a-- What are those things called?


We still need claws.


And I send away Frumpkin.


Yeah, I think that's a good idea.


Contractually, Thor, realistically, Hulk. I mean I am Thor, I can't say any other guy.


I'll walk forward.


All right. Bye, Pike.


I imagine that he's really handsome.


Hey! We're going to be doing this every day for several days.


Keep your boots, then. See if they're there in the morning.


I have some invisibility. Not great, though.


I'm going to have to keep casting it.


There's no magical aura from those at all? Those are separate. You're not saying.


Can I cannonball Trinket into the middle of it?


Good pull!


So much disappointment.


What about Pike though, because she's looking in.


8d4 plus eight.


Are they coming up?


Your shame? You mean your pride. I drag one back.


I hadn't been invited.


We're going to die first.


Who's first?


Everybody quiet down.


Hi, darling.


I'd like to use the last of my movement just to stay-- because I've got the boots on, I've got a lot of movement left; I can stay ten feet behind him.


I'm going to take my mask and put it on, and use the glass to create a clear view into the water.


I pull out a pick and I walk up to the gate and I say, he's a very good shot. She's a very good shot.


Oh, do I want to roll this one or do I want to roll--


This is all well and good and kind of fucking boring. I couldn't help but notice that surly-looking crew up there, who might that be?


Yeah! Nine and eight and a ten, these are good rolls. That's a 27.


So glad.


I got a lot of tweets about it.


Can you be a cook?


Okay, that's smart.


You don't think there's any chance he'll ever come back, do you?


It's what I just did.


They were all there? I thought she just followed me.


If you have somehow still not checked out D&D Beyond, it is the official digital toolset for Dungeons & Dragons. Everything is there at your fingertips: the source books, the digital character sheets, the homebrew content creation! Go to dndbeyond.com now to check out how easy they make playing D&D. Now, you guys all know that first and foremost, I am a filmmaker, and I am proud to announce that tonight I have teamed with D&D Beyond to create my first ever foray into stop-motion animation. I don't want to say it's better than The Nightmare Before Christmas, but I'll let you guys say that. Wait until you see it for yourself. Let's roll my film.


The beautiful parts of the city, actually, are the countryside, the woods around. It's drab in the middle.


I say, now. Our quarrel is not with you. We are not with the guard. We are not with the Bastions.


The same for me, actually. Twinsies. Sorry.


The one on the left for me.


No no no, I used Alter Self.


One one one one one.


Oh, you have to give it to us? It has to come from you? That feels shady.


(like Sesame Street's The Count) A two, a D, a 12. Ah, ah, ah!


So, do I get a bonus to hit there?


Green marble, silver tiling. Sorry, carry on.


And then, this is a game rules thing. Grog's within five feet of this thing and I'm no longer at disadvantage. Or am I?


Real simple answer, I think.


(whispers) Let's be quiet, okay? Let's do this.


Maybe it's invisible ink.


When you say you can take us there, are you just talking about taking us there and dropping us off?


All right, so I think I'm in range. I'm just going to blind the bitch. So I cast Blindness on her.


A little woozy, but she did her thing.


I want to make sure it's wide enough to cover the whole entrance as well.


You know, if a kid or Scanlan or Pike sees it? She'll be so furious.


Now the Deck is slightly shittier.


Fly away! Just fly away!


Multiple times, I guess.


What if you die?


He's a great man. He's made a lot of money, and he's respected and feared by many.


I just had a couple. They're great, and I'm sure Liam could get us some more.


I want to go to the summoning stone. I'm going towards there.


And scene.


He has to.


What? What did you say?


Big money!


I believe so. There was an explosion, and we were in terrible weather. There were waves, we were being thrown about, and I was knocked overboard. I never saw what happened to Vandrin, but when I woke up, I was back on shore and I didn't see anything of the ship or him or any of the other crewmates.


Grog smash with moon hammer.


Let me cut the cards.


Do you want it all gone, or you just want--?


I want to take him out. Not kill. He's just having fun.


I keep looking over at you and thinking I'm on the Jerry Lewis telethon.


Trinket then comes out of cannonball and tries to bite the back of the vampire's neck.


How far off?


Put me down?


So can I take my actual bonus action to do Patient Defense?


What time of the day is it?


The first thing I'm going to is, I'm going to guess a name, because that's fun.


Only sometimes, but it passes really quickly.


What do I do? I've never been followed by guards before.


Let's get through these.


You let them live?


I was assisting.


So brave!


She can catch arrows out of midair.


Yeah, I'm going to look for his.


Look, my family is nice, too. We just share love with fists.


Dang it! I want to fight it right now!


No. I know that.


When you moved the paper, you rolled it.


19 actually might.


Put some clothes on, then. Jesus. Keyleth, sorry.


You know what I love about these fights? They're beautiful. The beauty of the human body.


It's a constitution save.


I do trust you. That's the problem.


Spin the top. Spin the top.


I admit, I feel a little weak. I can't tell if it's the drink or if it's your beautiful visage sitting in front of me.


(laughs) Big number five.


Shit. I go and I kick Vax awake.


Oh, I could have done Patient Defense! I should have done it!


As long as the eight hours hasn't passed, we can go in and out as you please, isn't that correct?


And they all looked the same? Nobody looked a little more important than the others?


Okay. Do we smash it? Do we use it to make a crank call? What do we do with it? Steal it?


Investigation or perception?


It's a percentage die.


Holy moly, you guys.


Like done?


No, what do you mean? We're cool.


Those are fancy.


31 hit points.


Grog! We found your tour hat.


Do the two of us know enough that were you to jump from the same place here, would you necessarily end up in the same spot in the Feywild?


I would like to cast all of my spells in succession for the next ten minutes.


I stand up, throw my hair out of my face, and that ends my turn.


The bridge is gone, we have to--


I have advantage because I'm an eagle. Ooh, natural 20!


We'll take it.


Sorry. Hour and a half in L.A. traffic. Anyway. He successfully Kickstarted, they're working on it, I just saw him at E3, I saw him a couple of days ago. If you don't know Joe's work, he is a comic book artist rock star. He has worked on X-men, he's worked on Avenging Spider-Man, Inhumans, Ultimates 3, and his own comic, Battle Chasers, which I fell in love with when I was a teenager. He does gorgeous artwork. He's only gotten better with time.


Oh, that's a 17 plus-- I don't know if there's any bonus. Maybe it's a 17.


Kima, what's happening?


Always the mage.


Only in the back.


Okay, so the first one is the sneak attack, and that one gets-- oh, I should be using the Wyrmwood box. Eight plus 12, 15, 18, 25. 25 for the first one. And for the second dagger that sinks into his head, that is eight. And for the third one that sinks into his fanged fucking face, that is nine.


As he's casting the glyphs, he goes over, he's about to write the last one, and he walks over to Vex, and he takes one tear, and he goes back over and uses it to do the last glyph.


He's going to use that a lot? That phrase?


Plus your dex, right?


Look at us using rations!


Back to the glove thing, though.


With advantage?


So can we find our way to like a fairly open and not populated part of Whitestone?


Do you gift-wrap, here, sir?


Just before.


Story-wise it's more amusing.


He's happy.


It’ll be a surprise. It’s going to be great. We're going to draw on each others' faces with toothpaste.


I know that I am so close to the end of the spell and I am going to push through.


Vax says yes, and so do I! Aye!


Like a giant sparkler.


Yep. Beep beep. All right, Pike, shall we away?


Oh, that's right. We probably shouldn't. We didn't make any money.


It's so great.


All right. Okay, so keen dagger flying through the air...


Those are some birds.


The splatter.


What, you guys? I was at a disadvantage!


Wait, are you still in bird mode?


Welcome, friend! Welcome!


Do you want to see what they're burning in the censer?


I feel like we need to rest, you guys. We really need to rest.


Are all the guards that come Bastions of the Raven Queen?


Just (whoosh).


Biscotti Islands.


Halved to nine.


Sour.


Yeah. Oh, so you could use that tonight.


I'm still passed out.


Okay, I'll take a greater as well.


North is that direction?


I can do a Hallucinatory Terrain, which I could do right now because I do have it learned. It covers a 150-foot cube, which I don't know-- How wide is the hole?


Down the hall?


Good to meet you.


22. 24, 22, 22.


And I say, are you good?


We'll be cleaning that off the floor for ages.


Can I try and do some medicine on him? Does that heal him at all?


Wow. Fucking Shorthalt!


Can we see what it looked like?


Jester, I'm going to put you down.


We should rest right now.


Fuck. It's seven.


Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure.


Did Scanlan get here yet?


Oh, there we go.


For all the good it did me.


How much time has passed?


It doesn't matter. He can catch it with his hand!


That is correct. It'll be going up very soon.


Wait, what what what?


She confessed to being a little girl.


You're amazing! I knew that production would find it! Max is the best. (cheering)


Or maybe Fjord would be good at that.


There's two ways that I can do this. I can do it lickety-split or I can take my book out and do it the harder way, but that's ten minutes, about.


Okay, so 14 points of piercing damage.


Heading northeast towards, northwest, northwest. Sorry. It's noon, it's hard to tell in the sky right now. Northwest.


Will this keep up while you're sleeping? Just curious.


That was my bonus action. As my action action-- oh man, this is stupid. I lift my Hand Cone of Clarity, and I sing to Lady Delilah, (singing) Hey there, Delilah, won't you listen to me because I'm about to cast a spell on you. Ooh! Oh! (speaking) Okay, so I'm going to use Suggestion on her. This is so stupid!


Yeah. (laughs) Hugs.


I'll give you 20. I'll cover Caleb.


They can swim really fast, and I know because I tried to turn into one when we were in the dragon. They have like a 40 swimming speed or something.


Four out of five DMs recommend. (laughter)


Okay, good. 17. (laughter)


Ooh! Which Game of Thrones house do we belong to?


Doctor Ripley.


Just want to know in advance.


My sketchbook, yes, what about it?


It has to be someone in the city. Who was it? You don't tell us, we'll find out one way or another. I can tell you that right now.


Thank you, Halas.


They don't have fuck all.


And I'm going to use-- I only have three left. Yeah, okay. And I'm going to use my last three sorcerer points that I have, and I have zero points after this, and I'm going to cast Blur on myself. And that's my turn.


That makes no sense.


Sorry, Vax!


I wonder if it was.


I left it in a jar in the kitchen and I told the people not to open it.


Did you do any other bod mod to yourself growing up?


I just rolled a one. (laughter)


I guess I fly up. Can I fly up and see how high up it goes?


On his face.


Better be some dope investigating at the top when we come back.


Oh, no that's not-- No no no no, he's not my uncle. No-- my uncle is not here, he's just-- this is just one of his--


(old woman voice) Bramble Shot!


Do I see any of them?


Do you want to host?


I'm putting him in the Bag of Holding as you're talking.


So you guys are going to go down and come back up again, and then we'll all go?


The whole theory being that it's easier to hit smaller targets.


Last but not least, we got an actual letter from the D&D Beyond corporation, which also got lost and found. It says, "Dear Sam: Hey, let's refrain from anything sad or emotional in your ads this week. We want players to associate our app with fun, not intense loss that might trigger feelings of pain or misery. Keep it light! Do one of those dumb songs you write. Oh, and give our love to Taliesin! He's our favorite, and he's the only reason we advertise on your show." I could not have planned it because those are from weeks ago, Matt.


So we're 50 or 60 feet away from the skeletons, and how far are we away from the villagers that are coming in the other direction?


Oh, I didn't get anywhere near it. I'm from a small town, and there was a lot of hubbub for me, and maybe, you know, a gathering-up of coin. But I fucked it up.


Is he within ten feet of anything?


He's about to go down, isn't he?


Do you think he has friends? He's always alone.


I'm going to use an action surge, so I get an additional action. So that was my move, right? So my additional action will be to make my attack. Does that mean I get to do six attacks?


Six. That one's cocked, reroll it. Six. (laughter)


All right, guys, left tunnel or right tunnel?


Do you want me to go with you?


Really!?


We might be all right.


We put blankets on everybody, right?


Shit! (screams)


Cannot do that joke anymore. That joke has past.


It's all very much a blur. (sighs) There's things you just forget.


Advantage and have a good bonus.


I'm good! 104.


We'll have it cleaned, dear.


No undead, right? No creatures, nobody that's going to (whoop) to the shiny blue light?


That's fine. That's what I meant.


Well, you certainly won't get into the guild if you break the contract.


It sounds great.


Vex and I mentioned that.


That might actually miss.


By the way, I'm also invisible, right?


Would you mind, I don't want to go in, but would you mind if I tagged along with you?


20 for the dagger.


Should've used the big gun, really. All right, that's okay. So that's, oh, hello baby, you're over here. Actually, I'm going to use the pink one--


I stole a gun a while ago.


Well, that I understand.


Cleff, do you also have simple arms?


Yeah, people were dropping people off.


Yeah, go.


No, it's a song for me.


I'm sorry. Keep going.


That make you thirsty?


Woo, crit on that shit!


Oh wait, after Jester?


Let's build a condominium.


Remember  Ten! 15! 11! Lots of points of damage.


Oh. 26.


Yeah, you hear it?


Well, I'm going to-- should I shoot at the guys running away?


He's calm, but indifferent. Like the Dawnfather.


I had the fro-yo, because it's healthier.


Can I see the tower-- the temple at all, above the buildings?


Of Thar Amphala, yes.


And it starts at 4d8? Oh, so it's only 6d8.


Then I give you a Blessing of the Trickster for your stealth.


Fuck. 15 points of damage.


Until the other worm returns.


Molly'll take it.


We're terrible.


It's the Clenched Fist.


All right, I think I can do something that would make them fire many of their arrows at something, but not us. Should I do that and then as soon as they fire their arrows we can run?


I'm at nine hit points.


And he's better?


Eagle to the eye!


Should we go straight up the tower?


What is this "cursing?"


She was the best.


We've got Tiberius, if he's awake, can cast Light, let's just go into one of these tents.


I would like to get in a boat with Caleb.


Not that it's like, not for nothing, will you take this fucking dagger out of my arm?


(sighs) I'm so sorry to waste your time. I wanted to thank you for hosting us. Bidet. And I start to turn and walk out.


Should we do it in this room?


I'm going to put him in the locket for the time being.


Well, I'm tempted to close the door for a moment, but I will press on instead.


I'm going to go to Keyleth and ask if I can borrow the rod of immovable rodness. How big is it?


Consummate professionals, that's what we are.


I didn't do anything!


Gary. He told me telepathically that his name is actually Derek.


That's hot.


How much time do we have until nightfall?


Your charisma's up by two, which means--


That's what I thought!


We are here for you, and you want to understand what is happening to you.


Those seem like opposite commands.


Well, they shouldn't be using candles, then!


Can I get to the big beast? Beast number one? Okay, so this is the first time I've done this, so hopefully I won't do this wrong. I would like to rage. (cheering)


Uh-huh!


Isn't he? Isn't he pretty?


Okay. Until the next shift change. I could use a short rest anyway.


Well, we have Ren’s handwriting. We could potentially put a note in somebody’s house with his stuff, but I don’t know if that’s what the plan is.


From your brief life.


It's a vial of acid.


She's not even here!


Yeah, up top, that's where we were.


You were asking me some deep dive questions! You're going to fucking give me the dancer shit?


Okay. That's action number 1. Action number 2, I'd like to grapple him. (all laugh)


Oh, fuck yeah. Don't share it.


Eldritch Blast again at that motherfuck.


Why greater?


I have wonderful hearing.


I'm an idiot, so I'm going to roll a six.


Where's Scanlan?


Do we have anybody who has Telekinesis? Telekinesis of any kind?


Hello, Mr. Fjord?


We are fucking with his old co-worker.


DM O'Drien!


Oh God! Damn, this fucking druid. I'm just going to lay into the druid.


You personally?


What was the palace, what did he say?


That just made my night, in many ways. Okay, 21.


Shall I help, or no?


Thank you. I bow.


We could also potentially send Frumpkin with a note or letter.


You're done.


Phone a friend? What do we do?


(kissing sounds) What is it?


That was Kashaw. Yeah, he cast Turn Undead.


Yeah, we're in my room. Making shoes.


I'm going to look around for keys or something. Just around the room.


She's been very helpful in a few frays. We owe her quite a bit.


We have fucking money to burn!


I see funny rocks, I see funny people, and this is not sitting right, there's something unnatural about the build.


All right, fucking hell, where's that son of a bitch? 19.


We'll be able to see it.


I don't. It’s on the ground under the dirty rag, ja.


I don't know what you can do.


CB-ing?


Could it be a citric acid trap?


Yeah, so let's drag one of these smart-looking fucks outside and have Pike do Twenty Questions.


Is someone going to heal Fjord?


I'm hoping it hits him! Ten damage.


Oh, for once! Thank you! Thank you, it was for you!


Yeah. That is an eight.


Like, forever?


Yeah, but it's minus one.


They will get to you lickity-split. You're going to be fine. But you know, maybe in the meantime I will pull that potion out of-- where is it? That's not it. No, that's licorice; hold on, that's-- In our game, it's a bonus action to quaff a potion? Am I remembering that right?


You want me to go first?


Yeah, figured as much.


It seems like it's harder to get over to the Pillow Trove, maybe you could have them forward your mail to here or something like that.


Okay. Ah. I'm going to dispel Polymorph, and I'm going to cast Silence in front of him. I'm going to silence him.


I look at Vex and Vax and them and I say, we know him.


I would definitely like to go and see the giant sea creature claw that just grabbed onto the boat.


Blind.


We know these characters almost as well as we know each other now.


The ceiling is through here and it's blocked by a bunch of rubble. We can try and dig through it if we think something should be up there.


Well, he grew up in a whole different city.


You're fucking welcome. Go, go, go, go, go!


Yeah, I have a swim speed of 40.


I'm sorry! But it felt wrong to lie.


I'm looking for a blacksmith, actually, as well.


If there are no wyverns, are you open to the idea of gerbil-ball Scanlan doing a thing?


I don't think we need anything. Do we need anything?


Can I search for puncture marks? Stab wounds? Bite marks?


That is just-- that is primal.


Certainly not me.


(as Jester) "Don't make me laugh."


Okay. Can I see the Broker where I am at now?


Yes, the old scroll Contact, where she gets to the beach and her dad is there? That's what it felt like!


2d8, 16.


Oh, jeez! Okay. I roll over.


Don't say that to her, especially.


There's a shut door between us and this guy?


(singing) Investigation. 11. Sorry.


Yeah, I'll check it for a trap.


Are we sure we want to make a hit on these things that are tangled up, as opposed to this one that is free floating?


With my speed, I'm going to run to the north as far as 30 will carry me.


Oh, fuck. I thought we would be able to avoid it. Natural 20!


I've pulled my axe out and I'm sort of holding it like a walking stick. And just very deliberately, very demonstratively walking ahead in that direction.


I would agree with Fjord's sentiment. If we took it out of my own bag-- There's four of Pumats so one of those Pumats would see it coming out of my own stuff.


He's holding a longsword? Let's get rid of that longsword. I'm going to hit him and make him drop that longsword.


Yes. Never got to use it.


Just getting warmed up! And a one.


Tiberius is helping.


Can we scry on the death knight or on Delilah to see if they're with Vecna right now? Because if they're separate from him, then what if they're in these chambers?


Well that got GIF'ed.


Well, I'm coming up the hole. I take a look. Oh, sweet god. I'm going to take a shot at the guy I see up on the table there.


The first one. With it being one more round, do I have a reaction?


Oh, well... Very well. You can come in if you like. Oh! Be careful, there's illusions and thingamabobbers.


He can't get any further into this little crevice?


Can you see, do you want to switch seats so you can see? Okay.


But let's talk about--


Okay, okay, okay. 18 for the first one.


Yeah. Well, I'll go up and knock. You want to go around back?


What? Get some stuff before we fight a dragon, yo.


I mean, it can, though.


I feel like we need to find and screen cap in the thread where we were like, 20, 30 people, guys. Let's not get our hopes up.


Lay into him! And I'm gonna run and try and get some cover on the ent. In the dead-ent. Dead-ent dead-ent.


I have to go now. Whether it's just me-- Pike, I would be grateful if you would go with me.


Yeah. Is there a tavern near this shop?


No no no. No, you won't.


You want to go in and scout around?


Can the cat become a mastiff?


Amaze me, baffle me, make me forget where I am.


Oh no! I should have Tolled the Dead on him.


I'm going to assist, I'm pulling out-- I'm doing another ice shot to try and cool off the magma around him.


Would help them?


I might have to bring in a dwarf. It might be time.


It's a blister! Yeah.


Or at least let you take a look at it for a while or something. Maybe, I don't know. It gives me a chill. Not sure.


I take my staff and I lay it long ways over the entire bench on the other side.


Doty? You heard her.


It will be a little bit of a ride.


Lay out on the glass.


Got you. Yeah.


And I should also mention, not just a tavern is available, but we do in fact have three titled people within our crowd, so we can actually talk to people of standing and note with very little difficulty.


No. Leucrotta or Lou Albano?


I do a quick U-turn.


Where am I, sorry?


Cali, be careful. There's trolls out there, and gators.


Molly, you have-- Sorry, Lucien.


So, I made myself look like my mom, and then I lured him out onto our balcony and he was wearing nothing but this girdle of hers. And then I locked the door. And I thought that was funny, you know?


We'll bring him to Greyskull Keep.


Destroy him.


Can I do that without letting the rot behemoth see me?


It was either Grog or your brother. Those are really the only two people who could be possibly responsible--


They're in you? Ew.


It's not the first devil I've made a deal with.


It's different. He's big! He could have a whip!


Yes and then bonus action can I just hide behind that thing?


Yes. You'd like to look at the books, would you?


Those arrows are long gone.


It's an action to make it appear.


What? I get the what now?


Percy, do you not think that we have experienced ample amount of pain and loss over the course of this?


Toya's just a dwarf girl.


Shit, if we evaporate, I'll be so pissed.


Should we go down the tunnel?


Come back, please.


No, but I hang out with you.


Oh, Blindness/Deafness?


There were a lot of burned books.


I know. 10% died, that's what it is.


I'm a little unnerved about this sword. Would you stay and watch for a second?


I'm going to use my shield to glance off the 21. I'm going to use the shield of plus five AC.


Okay, come on, come on, come on! Six?


It always knows!


I have a siege arrow.


It's true, but you're not talking about the fish that's killed by the stones that's thrown into the river.


It doesn't matter.


Into the first one. I did one into my first target and two into the second; the poison would have gone into the second person. It's a DC of 15.


So wait, what is in this letter? What are we offering them?


With a different dice?


Also, I have no idea what the initiative order is, but Fassbender keeps doing Slow until I tell him to do something else, right?


Would you be able to put in an order for this book for me?


I'm there. I can't get into that hole anymore, can I?


Such an old trope in fantasy.


I'll scry on him.


A big one.


I mean for science, right? Let's go. You look really good without a beard, Grog. I've always thought so.


Okay, that's good. (gnawing)


What the heck?


Nila didn't tell us anything about a kitchen from her--


I don't think I'm good at giving advice, but just talk to people if they talk to you, and be nice, you know. Eat with your mouth closed, wash your hands.


I don't know! What do you want?


(singing) Be prepared.


I'm curious as to other options.


Well, there's a trap door somewhere, right?


I don't have dice.


+2 enchantment to what?


What, when?


If I die tonight, when I decided to come and play even though I'm coughing--


She manipulated it.


It's going to be fun! It's going to be so much fun!


I'll walk behind Scanlan.


Sick, Matt. Sick.


I still need time, with Vox Machina. We still have things we need to complete. And then I promise I will return.


I know you guys keep asking.


Push out the wings. No, I can't!


Don't worry about his dinner right now.


Grog is brain dead.


I'm heading towards where you are. I'm heading towards the deceased body of Delilah.


Is that the way you'll get even stronger? Through study and books?


Yeah, it-- More the disappointment. I expect better of myself. Let you guys down, I let Jester down, I let Yasha down. I'll never be able to shake this.


That's the saddest thing I've ever heard.


You're terrible. 17.


Does he get advantage because we're all encouraging violence?


Other creatures?


It's totally like a Pixar intro.


Draconia is in Wildemount?


Also, you are very charming, but every book that I have ever read about trolls-- They do not make friends. They are bitter, nasty things.


Okay, so if we fit these together--


I go over to her and I'm like, (incoherent, impressed stammering). And that's all I got.


I was-- Just a little while after I had gotten my consciousness sort of sorted out, and we got into a town and figured out that we could actually get some nice digs and they were seeing if I could maybe bullshit my way through it, and it was kind of my test. So I pretended to be a reincarnated royalty from across the sea.


Wait, take negative d4 to that, too.


I think you need to talk to Sarenrae.


No, we don't have to, it's not locked.


Yeah. Me neither. [laughter]


Does this harken back to anything that we remember about the telling of the Spark, or the Second Spark?


It's all right, when the illithid general is bearing down on your walnut-sized brain--


Taking a slice.


I am Fjord Tough, let's go.


Yeah, sure, why not?


She's not a Crick.


She can only turn into things she's seen.


Blood curse of the eyeless. Full strength.


You are extremely talented and you're going to get better and better every day.


Great!


You did, Grog! Good job!


Seen it.


Hold on, I have to check--


Did she just say crazy water people?


(whispering) I wonder if that's the new owner.


See, I didn't do it, and then you just went ahead and did it. I'm working so hard not to do it. What's the flanking bonus, by the way?


Oh, let's see what it weirdly does. It's going to poop on you!


I'm going to attempt and pull her out.


I don't make things.


I'm going to cast, at a 2nd-level, Cure Wounds, because Nott seems like she's dying.


We love you!


I have a feeling that if these dead people invade our bodies, they're going to walk us into the walls. We should huddle together and keep a hand on each other. If one of us stops moving, stop that person. Okay? We need to move forward quickly.


Can I ask him if his name is Earned?


Anything she's like stuck--


Maybe next time you're diving off a cliff, turn into a bird.


I know but there is like a--


14, thank you.


And I'm going to spend two more sorcery points, and do the spell again. I'm going to do a-- I'm gonna do Firebolt, right in the hole. And I'm going to use my metamagic wand to fire the spell.


Going to attempt to drink alcohol underwater.


Horns make him angrier! And I'll make the image go crazy with rage.


(gasps) Oh! We're done! We can do this! We polymorph Trinket!


The guy who's definitely not here.


Is it going to be loud?


Beau. And Bush Man?


Could I feel how heavy it is?


They expect better of us, I know. I understand. We are held to a different standard. And it's difficult. Perhaps it's time for a council. Perhaps it's time for shared rule. There should always be a de Rolo in Whitestone, but perhaps we could share the weight.


Highbearer. These dragons who are running rampant across the world, them being chromatic dragons, do you think they have pledged their loyalty to the Queen?


It specifically wants Percy?


I love you so much. Congratulations.


Oh, that was good, okay. 11. No! 12.


Oh, I feel like a dick.


All right, he's going to bite her. Can he cannonball her as an attack of opportunity?


Okay, I pull it out and I go fire elemental.


Oatmeal.


Yes, everyone. Everyone that we could save.


Could he draw some things for me?


Same thing, 21.


We could get a babysitter.


I'm saying that as Marisha. Not as Keyleth. Saying that as a person.


I don't want to go too high! 17.


I go and I give him a big 'ol hug. A Jello-y hug. Gloop!


(laughs) I've got my chest out, my nipples aren't even getting hard. It's amazing.


No, they have, like hideouts, they don't have to be where the soil they came from is.


I was giving him pretty flowers.


And Trinket.


I'm about to get jacked up.


Are you just going to walk?


Then the two of you. Get over your fucking shit. (all laugh)


As they come to the other side, I clutch my broken rib and injuredly hold a hand up and give a half-assed high-five to my sister. (grunts)


Is it falling?


Yeah, it's true.


You've got to test on somebody.


I'm also going to cast Light in there to make it super, super light.


Worth a shot.


No, real good. Real good thing.


This is probably redundant, but I will Divine Sense undead.


We fought those. One almost killed me.


You're shorter than I thought you'd be.


What are your allegiances? To yourselves, to the guild? Or to Vasselheim itself?


I'm in the back, ready.


Thank you, Cerkonos. Kaitiaki.


No, it wasn't.


Then at dawn, we talk about things.


I have a sling, too.


Okay, we can do the head.


I lick one, then I lick the safe. Is it iron, then?


Okay. Still what I expected. I'm going to burn an action surge.


She's going for ten in-game, real-time minutes.


He's in Zadash? Like, staying here?


Vex will remember this.


How are you rolling that?


Hold on a second. We have two choices if we're going to Draconia: we can either go to Umbrasyl's lair to scry from there, then teleport there, which means we will be staying the night in Draconia.


What's the creepy little one?


It has not come.


All clear in the back!


If you see Liam topless, take all the photos.


Yes, and try and keep your mind clear and on the sword, or else you'll get other weird interference.


Yes, moreover, a beholder.


I want to make an insight check on the whole table.


Shopping is not what it's cracked up to be. You should just wipe it off the list right now.


We have 11 pounds of dragon scales.


Can we ever not look?


Man, your schlocky bit is great and all, but it is really good to have you two at the table again. It'd only be better if Ashley was here, but it is really good to have you two back. Fucking for real. Ja, okay, as you were.


No, it's an infinite supply.


Hey, Pike's at disadvantage for the rest of the day.


Wait, let's see if I can do this. It's not enough, nevermind, so no. I just gotta take it.


Maybe you can send that fucking carpet back down. (all laugh)


I mean, if we all rest, when we wake up, those things are gonna be swarming outside the door, right?


Yeah, you could shoulder that motherfucker.


Except for the 112 platinum we just got.


Yeah, I think because she got there first and offered her orb, she was rewarded with some sort of oceanic control or power over water.


My hair stands on end a little bit from the electricity.


I was looking away, what just happened?


Giants? At the pools?


Oh shit. That's not as good.


I mean, the ultimate goal, you guys, is to get to Hupperdook, but--


I take Pike up there. We knock those fuckers off, super easy.


I still have movement, right?


And I go  Tiger Uppercut! and I just punch the roof of it.


Oh shit, Flogging Molly's playing the Feywild, yo!


Yeah, or a higher faced die. Like an eight-sider or a 12-sider.


I have a belt, yeah.


Cassandra might know.


I throw five or six pine cones at his head.


Yeah, plus ten.


13. I'll buy 13. I give her two silvers. You know, I happen to have a little girl with me who is very cool and I think she would like to play with you.


Rock that math, come on.


(laughs) Poisoning that wall, effectively. Gosh dang it. That would have been cool.


Can it fly?


I tuck the private note away and put it in my pocket.


Jeffrey, is there anything else that might help us in our search for your former employer?


No, he's gotten my messages before; he knows it's me.


Man, I heard you guys were more informed than that.


If not, it doesn't matter.


How far of a travel is it down into the city?


There's a person wounded, pulling themselves through the mud, saying, "Help me."


Does the Hand need to make a save? Hand has an AC of 20 and my hit points.


A good one.


Okay, so 25.


I can heal you in the morning.


Can I just waft some of the smoke towards them?


Yeah! Well, actually, no. When I move through stone I think I can move 60 feet!


(garbled) Who cares? I speak Dwarvish.


I put some new art pieces in here. They're all counterfeit, but still good.


Fuck!


Two hours and 17 minutes, that sounds like Lost or something.


I breathe a little easier.


Oh. He sounds like a great-- so many adventures. With traveling and with him.


Hold on!


Then we get up in the morning, and we pick up our pretty dresses.


Is that a one? Shit. God-- why did you roll out that big fucker?


Are you bullshitting us?


Can we come in?


Stealth in, kill a pit fiend. Done it before, we can do it again. Okay, I'm confident about this plan.


Roll again for advantage, you might get a 20.


Scanlan should have two.


While we can do that--


It's all right. Work it out.


You look just like him only slightly shorter.


Yes, we're sober!


Yeah and they're pretty terrible in the north. That's no secret.


Did Kash leave already?


I know. I want it.


Oh my god. What if you-- What!


I'm told east is bad too. There's monsters.


Yeah, Vasselheim.


-- I could be literally a tiny fucking bird, or a succubus.


Don't fuck me. That's a natural one.


Yes! Yes.


Terrible.


Come on, clock me, War and Peace. Let's do this.


Do I get a saving throw?


Oh god, I'm outside the dragon?!


You think? The skitterers are going to come out of the walls?


Are you the one that's going to be doing the branding?


Don't drown, Percival.


I was trying to figure some shit out.


Through my Bow of Blazing Bowstring.


Go listen-- aw, she's still going that direction?


Three failures?


Phillip doesn't exist anymore.


No, they're not. (laughter)


Have you ever had sex? (laughter)


I'm going to take a chalice out of the bag of holding, and I begin to fill it with ale, and then remember he preferred water, and I take the alchemy jug and I pour fresh water into the chalice and lay it with him.


Don't make a sound.


(groans) Yeah, I'm checking reflexes.


Oh, I hit her? Yes! Okay, so now I roll for damage?


I'll give you 20.


I'm going to stop, though.


Ah! Fucking Cobalt grip.


You're going straight down, straight up. One, two, three (impact noise). Did it work?


I think they have bigger fish to fry. Plus, we got a new boat, right?


Well then, yes it did. (all laugh)


I'm going to step out of the water, by the way, for my movement.


You know who I serve.


Can you heal yourself?


Yeah, I don't have good association with that. You take that back.


We can go get a climber's kit.


No, I'm not. I made the save. I click my boots together and I run up--


Smiley face?


I just want to know if you're on their side or the Xhorhasian side so that when this war comes, that we're not caught in the crossfire. That's all.


Tinkerer's tools. I'll go and buy them!


I thought that would work, honestly.


No. Now I would like to place my spirit totem. I want to do it as close to the trapdoor as I can to hopefully protect as many people inside.


Wow. Maybe that's very self-centered of us, now that I think about it.


Yep, I'm going to (leaping noise) over the side, hardcore parkour. One-handed.


No! Not our crew!


Why are there two of you here?


It's Draconian! I don't know what's happening.


Let's go to another cannon!


Oh, are you waiting for me to speak? Yes, he's the only one.


I mean, I'm down, I think that's a great plan, Grog.


Ja. Caleb Widogast.


No. Don't eat human, Kiri. Don't stab humans and don't eat humans, okay?


Plus-- I didn't sleep at all last night.


I insight check Jarett.


No, it's not. It's a gamble.


Lots of them.


Can I do a nature check to figure out what kind of crystal this may be?


Chicken pot pie. (laughter)


We're trying to get backstory!


I'm gonna take a peek at her. What do I do? What do I roll?


I'm so proud! I don't know that spell, so I cannot talk back.


Okay, well that's a big zero. You want to go book shopping with me?


I mean, no offense or anything, but these sound like some crazy-ass fucking sailors.


I love you, Pike! [break]


I have your book.


All right, let's sleep. Let's go to the castle.


There you go.


I don't want to, don't make me go in there. It's a troll house.


I think what Fjord meant was  can y'all be trusted?


Okay, I'm in melee, yeah?


His sword keeps getting cooler and cooler.


It's also an easy way out.


They're aliens.


Then you'd ride in the boat.


Can I tag along?


(whispers) Shit, you might have to fight this motherfucker.


Yeah and I'm going to turn you into a dude, that's a good disguise, right?


Yeah, we got new baby magic, man. I'll take it where I can get it.


Grog, smash right through his plate thingy.


Yes, exactly. Exactly.


He likes buckets.


Well, because we were told we can't leave the inn.


(whispering) What does that do?


Yeah. I'm going to wait behind. Wait to talk to Dolan?


Fog?


Scanlan! (yells) Scanlan!


He just said, you fart.


"I'm a fraud!"


I didn't want to open the gate like that. That's why we're here.


You can curl up with me.


What type of people are they interested in?


I don't understand what you're telling me right now.


(cackling) Are there bars on the window?


I mean, he's just dunking on us.


Oh, can I cast Pass Without a Trace on us?


Have you scryed on him again?


And we have to stay together.


I'll go over and find Bentha and be like Can we get one more plate of food, please?


Then I punch Grog in the face!


Okay, ready? (singing) Wherever you go, whatever damage they've done, we will be right here waiting to heal you. No matter what hit points you take or how your foot breaks, we will be right here--


I'm going to roll the brown dice for Trinket. Dexterity? 12.


Yeah, like a Catholic.


Fly us! Get us out.


Did it hurt? Did the Moon Hammer hurt you?


It's dangerous to go alone--


Yeah, it says Evantica.


As they're hugging, I go to Grog and I-- how big are you? I have missed you too. I had no idea how much I would miss both of you.


He's so dead!


The letter that I have that grants me access?


Let's go. Who's going first? Pike?


Oh fuck, yeah, thank you! That's the wrong one. Oh, that's so much better.


Oh! He's coming over-- whispers about Erwen.


I feel like for the time being, it just might be best to-- be the best we can be here and be as helpful as humanly possible. Our goals are relatively aligned and as long as we don't have to hurt anybody, I'm all right. But the rest of these people--


You can't understand!


I give you 50.


Plus the Deathwalker's, so down and down.


She's pretty cool, though. She's cool. She likes flowers.


Well, if you come up with an ingredients list, we'll be happy to drum stuff up.


Yeah, but I don't think the slaves attack the owners very often.


Yeah, no, I'm walking.


So you can shave--


Is the hair curly or straight?


He beat your scry?


I think that can probably wait until we are at The Evening Nip.


(panting) I'll try one more time. One more. No inspiration.


That's one of my favorite moments.


You wanna shoot me with it?


How long have you been pickpocketing, then?


Oh yeah. I mean, probably. I don't know. I mean, I'm just barely attached on to this at this point, but I think you're fine.


(nervous laughter) Oh, fuck! Oh man!


As in a mansion?


Grog's gone. Grog's down.


So Trinket is going to get up.


Yeah, we're looking for a new hideout.


Funny you should ask.


'Cause we need Pass Without a Trace for her, right?


I don't know how to respond to that.


With disadvantage?


Let's keep stealthy.


It's a trick! It's a trick. It's a trick of the Feywild.


Great, that's what I'm going to hear at home all the time now.


Oh. You have to have a specific doorway.


Well, if it breaks the glass, we won't be separated by glass.


(laughs) He can make you feel real good.


Agreed, but we're talking about Vasselheim, and is damage to Vasselheim a sacrifice needed to be ready to do what's necessary?


"Why would they do that?!"


He always sends Frumpkin in to die.


It doesn't need to be as-- Am I here? I've been doing this with my spells.


You see those trees over there?


On the way home from the airport!


Is that part of the scam?


I come back and I take that off. I'm like, No, Keyleth, you took that from me when you were drunk last night, actually.


That is also a 23.


Brom?


Keyleth backhands him with the hand that has the most rings on it, of power.


That would be our last 2nd-level spell. Wait, let's--


Could be dangerous.


Do you owe some money? I don't understand.


I could work with that.


My hit points are super low, you guys.


Just assume if a game's coming out, one of these guys--


It's a pretty tight box we're in.


Step forward. Would you agree that the previous leadership of this group has probably failed you on some level?


Wait, do we go right? What?


Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12, 13.


Oh, uh. Athletic, hearty. You know, curves in all the right places.


Axe dance!


How far away is it under the ice?


Fjord, you survived being chained up and tortured. That's got to fuck with a person, right?


If only I was there.


Okay, well the other side of that was that we would get access to some potions and supplies and stuff. Is this something you can provide to us when we go on missions for you?


I do. I give him--


I believe you, Cali. I don't think I need to cast it on you.


You've had this by your side the whole time?


Test drive a Ford Practical today.


Well done, well done, ha ha!


Sharpshooter. So 28 minus five hits?


We could fly in, right?


I rolled a six, plus 11, is 17.


No. Too many letters.


One of them is going to have exhaustion soon, I know it!


It slows him, I think!


And I'm wearing the Cloak of Displacement.


Where's that dice?


23 on the last.


You want to do a cannonball contest?


Oh, because yeah, fuck. I was in the mansion. What's going on? Can I say that?


Six doubled, which is 12, plus five doubled, which is ten, so that's 22.


I think it might be souls!


That'll work. 26.


I assume what I said to Scanlan was heard over earring as well.


Hmm. So you have your library card?


You were off on your own. Are you okay?


Who's going to the lighthouse?


It would've been 20d10?


It's like a kilt that's barely joined at the bottom already. It's like a poopy diaper.


How long does it take to get over to the Tri-Spire area, find us a manhole?


That wins.


Sorry. Still reeling.


Hey, Matt, was there a winner?


It's always so much fun.


I'll be in first.


Whoa, that's tons.


Are you from the Menagerie Coast as well?


And I've been practicing my Cornwall accent for five minutes. Shit.


Oh, here, right.


What's with the oven mitt?


He'll be fine. Look at him. He'll be fine.


You said there was a door around back?


I want to so bad.


It's in a very secure magical item.


Actually no, that's a 20-whatever. Yeah. Okay. 14, 15, 16. Do I get sneak attack on him, too?


Bo. (laughter)


There is a sticker update. We found them. The mail has found them from where USPS quite literally lost them. I think the distributor found them and now they're bringing some back to the distributor so they can be sent back to us, and then we will be dropping those in the mail.


Maybe we can play this time.


Just do attack number two. That's 15.


Oh wait, I get 3d6 of sneak attack now?


Hey, Grog. You should really watch that gas of yours with him back there.


What kind of magic is emanating from the carpet? What school of magic?


Teeny tiny.


We're fine like this.


Is he not grappled anymore?


This is all water.


Those Counterspells, man--


We got more money?


Me? I'm still invisible. I'm going to leave the mansion.


I'm torn. I don't know if he'd like that.


You'll like the Sun Tree, he's very nice.


Oh, that was a good roll. See?


Do I take the alignment of the animal that I'm polymorphed into?


Mr. Orly, we feel terrible about everything that's going on. We want to make you guys as comfortable as possible through this deeply inconvenient situation we've all found ourselves in.


We've played this before?


Vampire!


Are we saying this is night one, of a couple of days of piddling around?


What if the water comes in while we're in here?


I'm trying to move in a very windy way, yeah.


16, plus four lightning, nothing.


It's going to turn this room into a sauna.


Well, I'm really nice, but I don't always make the best decisions.


Did it maybe loosen a little bit of stone up a little bit more?


At advantage, too?


I help him up.


I mean, we're not on the ship right now, though. Right? Hard to captain the ship when you're a hundred feet underground.


Yep. That's Fjord's turn.


Put the gun down, Percy.


My hundreds of--? There's no guys here. They're all female servants. I don't know how many times I need to say this.


He’ll probably give us everything for free.


Well, this is a good place to start. This is above average here. It's a whole other dimension.


Right. We kill Vex after the first month.


That's baby Ghost Rider!


It's not that big. It's ten feet radius, so you guys are going to have to get close to me.


I'll hide off the side of the cart.


There's magic involved.


That's good. That's nice of them.


(whispers) Okay.


The tapestry. I know it might hurt it, but if we drape it over--


Minus two for a 17!


You know what I think? I think you guys hate each other, actually.


Maybe ask dear old Dad.


I'm pretty good, I've watched my sister do it.


If you Alter Self, right?


That means I got to go over to the-- Where did we stay before?


Are you glad you're alive?


It's a 30-foot fly speed.


Yeah, someone's coming.


We're at MetroCon, down in Tampa.


What is?


Maybe he only repeats what we say.


Something in a yarmulke, perhaps?


That's top of the round!


I look over and I go  They're fine, and I go upstairs with Jester.


Are they coming closer, or are they keeping their distance?


Oh, are you like an assistant?


Do you wanna go in the crystal? Okay.


Probably like the Tri-Spires or something.


How long?


I come over the earrings. Scanlan? Just making sure you're okay, wondering where you are. No biggie. Just checking in.


Come on, Clarota, do it for your fellow squid.


All right, I'm taking a shot.


What do you think, sis?


Can we scry through this dimension?


Beep!


I hope you get a popcorn kernel in your teeth.


"Abuses of the Clergy"?


I'm just going to peek behind the tapestry.


Oh my god, what the fuck were we thinking?


(singing) 27!


I hold Percy's hand as we're going in.


Earthbreaker.


Yeah, fine, all right. I'm taking a third shot on that one.


Let's find the others and get our story straight.


Oh, sweet!


But seriously, thank you.


26 and ten silver.


Well. I don't know what to do other than to-- Does it look like there's anybody around us that can see us? Anybody watching?


I think it was mainly the twins in the tower.


She rolled a nine.


I could fire my gun, at this point, and they'd be like, oh, rain's coming.


I mean, I have to give a small golf clap for--


Up. Oh.


Once you've got the dwarf gunk off, it's rather nice.


Are you healing Trinket?


4! I’m rolling great! Plus 5. So you have 9 hit points!


Profiteroles?


No, it'll probably be sent to you next Friday, 'cause we'll have you guys sign it next Thursday.


Reasonable. It's not pretty.


Oh. Well, okay.


It has three charges.


He talks in his sleep. It'll be fine, don't worry.


Maybe you should stare at it some more.


What are we doing?


And at that point, don't you just already have one at that point?


That wasn't salt.


I may have picked from the remains, carrion-like, as well.


Yeah, but there was also a mention of some Divine Gate that keeps people from--


I'm going to struggle to my feet, and I'm going to cast Sleep over and away in that direction, so it falls way back behind the ogre and these two wolves. The goal is to get the ogre and two wolves just on the edges of it, so it doesn't hit any of my friends. I'm aiming far behind them to get them on the perimeter.


So I take out Craven Edge.


Watch the--


Can we see a source where it came from? A plant or a--


Punch. Jesus Christ.


(gasps) What are the armors made out of?


I'm going to take what his dead body isn't using any more.


It's the boot, yeah.


I can Sneak Attack one or both of them, so I'm gonna hit the one closest to the party first.


You could be a whole wyvern, but you can't be a goliath?


(sings) K-N-O-L-L


I can do something. I can do one thing.


He's very charming.


I want to hide behind one of the branches of the tree.


It's called Sending.


Caleb is going to jump out of the back of the cart.


Favorite tabletop games, not D&D?


I knew that certain members of the party may get a little excited. I, myself, had a moment of panic. Had a moment of panic myself. I've been keeping it contained.


Did we say there was a plan?


You're going to lure them out and we're going to hit them when they come out.


(Gollum voice) Precious!


Deuces.


And same roll again, nine. Two nines, 18 total damage.


I would like to find out who the guy was that wanted me, though. That's kind of weird. Thank you. For everything. thank you. You always have my back and I know it.


Just take it and say thank you! (whispering) Okay, don't worry about it. (panting) They don't know.


Yes. I got that, that. Throughout the days, I'm going to go all the shops and see how many glass mirrors-- I'm looking for mirrors, just all kinds of mirrors, every size.


More animals. More animals for Vex.


I'm going to try and sneak around the side of it. What's behind it?


You gave him just enough time to regret everything that had ever happened.


I'm sorry I brought it up. I'd love you to fall on your head.


No, no, do it.


All right. Is he like--? All right. Thank you.


We're going with, but before we leave I'll ask Desmond: From one outcast to another, are there any questions that are bugging you about all this?


Well, I reach into my bag and start cleaning a small green shard of residuum, polishing it.


Oh. We are?


I know that Simon's mom is Elwen.


I realise that was off of memory, so I'm gonna let it slide, but yes.


All right. Never mind.


I have a question, because the spell that I was going to take, because I still have one spell that I haven't learned yet, is Jump, which triples your jump for one minute. So if I did that, would that triple that as well? Or would it just be Grog's normal jump?


Ah! Jesus.


Oh! Good day to you, miss. I've misjudged you again.


For me, at least!


No, I did! I did, I wanted to pay him! But he wandered away, and then I didn't pay him, and now I have this broom that I stole, and there's really no way to return it. Well, I probably could find him, but I don't want to because now I can fly, you guys.


But it's Vex's turn.


That sounds like a plan. Let's go.


Gone. Killed. Destroyed. Vox Machina! (laughter)


And that was the only day that you let me put flowers in your hair, right?


Oh well, I guess that's true. I thought it was a ten-minute, because it's Fenthras I thought it was a long-ass arrow.


I just yell, should I burn it? And Jester yelled, "Wait."


He gets a fresh start in the morning. It'll be fine.


Thank you for rebelling, and staking out on your own!


No, no, no, maybe Vax needs glasses to see in the dark.


Ah! Nah, I don't see shit.


We didn't save anybody and we killed ourselves.


I feel like I need to mark my territory. This is home for us, and I peed all over Greyskull Keep. I left little puddles that y'all didn't know about. It's real important in case other goliaths come around and are like, (sniff) "Nope, the wolf's here. I got to go elsewhere."


Every year on the Jonathan Coulton Cruise, we gather in the cruise ship goth club.


I'm still dancing!


Vox Machina, our purposes here are done, but Lady Kima, she has further to go, and I am curious, your Highness, if you know anything about this K'Varn chap or gal or thing? We have heard his or her name. They seem to be famous in these parts. I was wondering if you know anything about K'Varn.


It's okay, let the DM DM.


As soon as we get to a thing, we turn left.


(quietly) We should be going to the city.


I mean, that's what I mean. I've seen it.


So more traveling on the water?


Yeah, there's other stuff we need to do.


All right. Thank you. You won't be needed here anymore. You guys can leave.


I think this is right. I think you have this. I think I have the right part of this and you have the right part of this.


It's okay, Grog. Let's go get you drunk.


If there is a building to walk beside, I would prefer to have our shittily drawn and one very nice one closest to the building with us on the outside.


(singing) Please die Deliah, we want you dead.


No, I do not cannonball.


We're voice actors.


Can someone-- she's dying right now.


I give another 200 to him and tell him to pass it out to the rest of the guard. We'll be back soon!


Only the best, only the best.


I feel like his hands moved a little bit more, but I can't tell for sure. There was tension! There was tension in his fist. Right here, I saw.


Was that a jab at my-- No, never mind.


And that's what saved my life.


You all right there? You all right?


33 to hit.


A boy bird, or a girl bird, or just a bird bird?


You're fine?


I used my Mage Hand, so I need to be here.


Oh shit. I just paid for--


Okay. Well, I will aim for the one closest. I begin to weave my hands underwater and cast Magic Missile.


(whispers) You, fly?


Okay. Then I'll stay, I'll stay.


Right now, with it being the Season of-


Would you like me to sing to give you some extra strength for that arm?


Yeah, buddy cop?


Okay I chase after him.


I just throw Dranzel a quick little wink.


Investigation and survival also.


And then Trinket is going to run over and stand next to Pike. He's going to try to protect us.


(quacking)


Maybe it doesn't do math well.


(whispering) She probably can't. Magic one of the others. I'm going to--


Yes! I shamed him to death


What was the explosion you talked about?


Probably heading that way anyway. The anvil.


What did this other one look like?


Keep up appearances. Yeah? You're going carry these two. They're both going to lie on top of your horseback.


That would put him on the defensive where you want him.


It's just so great.


Sometimes I can't believe my luck. I love the things people ask me to do and I can't believe I get to hang out with you guys and do this, this has been so much fun, I don't know how to thank you.


It's the elvish half.


I think they must.


I’ll make it look crisp and--


I want to try to go for a shot.


You are probably going to have to share-- Do you have a horse?


Damn it. What? Where did the big guy go? There he is!


How do we get upstairs with you all tortley?


I keep my arms down, but I give her a pat.


Can I use bloodseeking bow on that one?


Wait, hold on. I have to open my Pokémon.


I just want you to be okay. It sounds like this person who corrupted you is out there still, and we need to find him and you know, kill him or whatever? If that's something that you want to do? I'm fine focusing on that. I've got my own issues, but I'm fine taking care of yours first. The thing is, your story that you poured out to me and Beau, the other day-- it was very sad, and I'm so sorry that you had to go through it, but I have to say, in a way, I'm a little bit jealous. Because you've done this horrible thing-- not to make light of it or anything, but it's bad-- and we can all tell that you're wearing it in your dirty clothes and your mussed hair--


Yes, everyone wait here. I grab Scanlan by the scruff of the neck and nod at my sister.


Okay, good, then that'd be 18.


Make him sit down.


Do we know how far the sphere can move in a single movement?


I wonder if that's the ground search party.


Good! Phew!


It's getting weird tonight.


I'll Sacred Flame him.


I was not expecting that.


No, no, strength is not higher for me. Oh, it is higher! So 19.


Just try it out! What could go wrong?


I'm going to try and go for the sides. If I hit Grog, I don't care. He can take it. With disadvantage, that's a jam on the Retort pistol. Wait! No, that's a save reroll. Fuck my life. Okay, so that's a jam, and one to try and fix it really quickly, just trying to give it a clear, with not disadvantage, because it doesn't matter.


Sure, sure, sure.


Hush!


I'm going to swipe again, because I've got the bonus action?


I just want to say, you guys, this is the most fun I've had in a long time. Aes, or you guys call him Scanlan?


Good, carry on. Sorry.


No, the other way. I'm booking that way.


No more, Keyleth. No more eye contact.


Lovely decor.


If I turn that way, it'll be coming at me this way.


What's your problem with the arts, man?


What if they have others working with them who come home?


And then we're going to go and try to sneak in and really fuck up--


I don't want to go in the mansion. I want to stay outside. I'm going to go back to my barrel, around where Taliesin was before. Hide back there. Yeah.


You don't have to be all nasty about it. I have the money. Here you go.


An army with mirrors.


Wait, does anybody have a Potion of Stoneskin or anything good?


He can fly? HE can fucking fly?!


I'm negating it. Roll Gil.


That was so much better than shopping. (all laugh)


But will it get us through the gate?


Do we see any tracks? Are there tracks able to be left on the glass?


Autographed photo.


Yeah, eat it.


We've left the Thieves’ Cant note from the "Myriad" and we've left the-- Yeah? Everything that we've planned?


I'm not a butt.


Money gives you everything you want.


When we're all cold and dead!


Okay. Cool. Yeah.


I'm by the bartender saying, I ordered a large. Please, can I have a slightly larger one please? What? Oh! Oh shit!


That's okay. That's okay. I'm now engaged in combat with him, so that's fine. I am whirling dervish that hits nothing at this point.


Is it made of piano wire? (laughter)


You know what, hold on! Take a bow! Come around and take a bow. That's how you do it. [cheering]


Do the Truscans, that's who you are being married into potentially, do they have a son?


Oh, bitch! You better back off, bitch!


It's a phrase.


Not chicken.


Yeah. Oh, sorry. Thank you. Yes, and here we go. Ten. First attack is a 21.


I am going to use my movement to make sure that I walk up and put a hand on Caleb's shoulder. I'm going to hold Thunder Step until Nott moves.


Nine. Ten, sorry.


I will head in your direction as well.


That was my shield!


As we approach this area that he's described to us, this white coral, you said it was in a valley, like a dip?


As a dragon?


Oh, you prefer Lionel!


Well, I'll have to look at my tattoo database. (laughter)


To the direction of the tree. And I want to be careful, I don't want to damage the roots of the tree at all. So, as I start getting closer, I want to start looking for the roots of the tree.


And one, the main character from Battle Chasers kind of looks like Pike!


No! Gears of War came out this week!


"I rolled gold."


Hold on, this letter was for you?! Are you Marius LePen?


It bobbles on the cobblestones.


That's fucked up.


Just, arcana check?


(sighs) All right, I'm not good at fighting. I will--


He went the long way.


I don't want yours.


Matt will do a sexy dance if we sell 1,000 shirts.


Come on, do it, Grog! Come on, you can't beat a girl?


We thought we would just give him a little taste of where he's going to make sure that he was up to it.


Whoa! Trinket attack something?


We know you have no love for us. Think of those you do love. And I hug Velora. Don't you want to make her safe?


They're in their keep, buried deep.


It's a special occasion.


Is that for memories or for some voodoo shit?


I'll take a room for myself, please.


All right mermaid, scale me down.


Is it like an Abe Lincoln beard, or do I also have a mustache?


Let's say 30 feet in front of the group with one of my Dancing Lights about ten feet behind her-- him? Him.


They bit me.


As were heading down, I'll drop my Mask of Many Faces.


MageInATower-- Starbuck86x. Cargoth912. Eridinsk-- Eridinsk. I'll pull that one up. "Thanks for all that you've done with the show, it's amazing, definitely my favorite show, happy to support the charity for you guys."


It's like Latin in the world of D&D.


What level are you casting Locate Creature at?


Good thing we're metal.


That misses, and then the other one misses.


I know. You're right. I see what you're saying, but we need to...


I slap him with Mage Hand. Snap out of it!


Ashley confirmed worst hype-man ever. (laughter)


You get an extra spring in your step? What's it do?


So check that out. And the thing about sponsors, guys, is we really need to show them our love. And really show them that we appreciate what they do for us every week. They're a big part of the show, without them we would-- For instance, without sponsors, Taliesin would only be able to dye his hair platinum blond or brown.


Oh, and I duck back as much as I can so I'm out of his sightline. Can I back up on the wall?


Okay, so all that's remaining on the battlefield is the queen and the mind flayer?


(chuckles) Just hits.


So I didn't get the plus ten.


I'm going to hug this wall if I can, back up a little bit, and I'm going to hold Eldritch Blast if I see them emerge from the darkness.


Do I see Grog?


Nice! A fight at sea!


You don't fuck with a ranger's bear!


Why don't you go rest? We'll summon Allura and we'll continue the conversation from there, I guess.


Yeah, it's like about a g*psy girl, and it's got a bunch of recipes, and it teaches you how to make a bow, and has herb cards and all sorts of cool stuff. I was into it immediately.


I'm going to construct a small lever system.


My sister and I are going to check and see if there's any sign of it in the area.


What's your sign?


I was thinking of jamming it full of a material so it's like a clot and then turning that into stone.


What am I doing? Tinker's?


What would I know about using that spell to make this go away; temporarily or for good?


This is Caduceus, he also came with us to help out.


Pat the cheeks.


What do you wish to play?


He's an idiot. I don't know where he's an idiot right now. Damn it, we lost Tiberius.


Sure, no problem. Unless it was a natural 20, it doesn't matter, 15, no.


What do you mean, she could destroy? What do you mean?


It's a cookbook!


Don't kill him, we need him.


Just five more hours, Matt. Just five more hours.


Can tell you're a snitch. Can tell at 50 feet. Of course you're a snitch. (laughter)


Does it seem like the same amount that's always been there?


I went from being able to see almost nothing to seeing nothing. I heard Nott get scholpped in and then I heard some cry. So I raise up the glove of blasting and I'm going to fire at where I think this thing is.


I scoot up a little bit.


It's going down in the Whole Foods parking lot!


Of course it matters, dear.


Things been good?


Mama Bear takes care of the Mighty Nein!


(singing) Yah, yah, yah!


Yeah. Not great at all, like all my skill rolls. Seven.


Well, it could be helpful. Although, I'm a bit of an amateur teacher. I taught Nott the one trick you saw, but other things. We've been working together, I suppose I could try to help you.


And there's no writing visible.


Keep in line. We're going to move towards the cart. We're going to use the tall grass.


Is that about it?


I will look at the sconces.


I give it to Grog.


The Kickstarter boxes are not. The CritRole code will not work for these, but they'll work for these bad mama-jamas right here.


Can't we just do it the second week? It's going to be a long episode. We'll have to cut it super short.


But if I were to go left or right, would I be out of range of hitting him because of the doorway?


"Will Critical Role continue after the boss?" Yes.


Oh, well then. Should I reroll? Okay. I will still use your shitty dice. Two 23s.


We were so stupid!


Let's try it!


We've got this.


Parkour past Percy!


I feel like 'shank shank' is less attractive on a t-shirt.


Not for a fish person, though.


This is awkward, ma'am, I'm just trying to do my job.


Constitution?


I know I'm new here, and you've obviously all got some kind of hierarchy going here of how you work this out.


That seems stupid.


Before we go to sleep, I cast a bunch of spells in stuff.


All right, Taliesin wins. See how easy it is to create a character with D&D Beyond?


Much cooler!


This is a very special occasion.


Better than my 16.


Do you speak rock?


How close are we to the column of light?


First game back.


It was incredible, nothing should be this fun. Seriously, it was so much fun. Yeah. Awesome.


Of course I will, I'm not going to leave you. You're puny and weak! I'm sorry. (laughter)


We're gonna hit, we're gonna hit. I'm shielding the healer.


We might be gone a month or two.


Act like you belong.


I cast Lay on Hands. You're back to normal. You're fine. Your boot's ripped up. All right, watch your step. Come on. Past it all.


Deep down that rabbit hole for years. Oh my god. I liked playing with you. Never won, but I enjoyed the process.


That would be crazy.


Cast? Yeah, I can cast spells.


(humming) What is this? What?


I know. Well, it's washed it off, but now I've got to get the smudges off. Because, you know, it's still kind of there.


It'll wake us up. So who's guarding Caleb?


Oh, it's a long story.


But you said you've never been here.


Okay, but it would be one of those situations where you'd have to attack and then draw another one, and then attack, right?


Do I see that everybody's safe?


I'll let that one fly, yeah.


Well, not fire actually, but ice.


All right, I'm going to do that. (laughter)


For the second time  butt-naked ending!


Also, speaking from experience, sometimes when you're very focused on a task, it can create a blind spot.


