The other one, I'm going to spend a point for Grit for deadeye, just to get advantage.


I'm not afraid of bats.


I am proficient in it.


All right, I am taking it from your hand.


The other day I tried to high-five a--


Yeah, I don't think it alerts anybody.


A shoe!?


Captain Tusktooth!


We're just going to gloss over the fact that Fjord has three bird nicknames?


I've been working with this guy for the last couple of years on Sanjay & Craig. He gets all businessy, he's a responsible adult in the workplace.


It's much worse? Yes, it's much worse!


It's the "This is fine" meme, except it's just Keyleth.


We're in the middle of the street?


Was he trustworthy?


Are you sure something's there?


Bad News Bears.


We should take our leave.


(laughing) Did she use the magic?


We're losing our 17?


Besides, Garmelie gave us his word.


Yeah, the two go inside, and if shit goes down, we light it up.


I guess I'll be right behind Molly.


Can she make your duplicate invisible?


Yeah, I can see that.


22 points of health.


I think we're supposed to just hang out and lay down in a hut and hang out on the beach.


Just in the tunnels, maybe?


Can we start tying a rope off upstairs and drop it down?


A lot happened.


I do. Fuck, I picked the one reef that doesn't have any goddamn islands. She doesn't know that, and I'm not saying this out loud.


You caught her stealing your stuff?


I think he is a being of fire and ice, so I bet he's immune to fire and ice.


Going to use my second Luck today because I rolled a one. That's better. Perception, you said? 22.


I think the destruction of the world may be more important than 500 gold. (shocked noises)


Go to the map.


And that is a 24 to hit on the second.


Oh, it's right in between it.


I will cast another Lightning Bolt at level six this time, which is 11d6.


When was the last time we went home?


No, no. I just didn't hit him. It's okay.


Do we have to check on Greyskull Keep?


I'm going to stay 30 feet behind and try and stealth.


I heard what you said to the trees. Any way to see what runs through these things?


I'm not going to fuck it up by saying anything. I open the door.


What kind of collections do you have?


Monstrosity.


Quit while you're ahead, motherfucker.


Well, why don't you guys stay in my place, and I'll take care of you guys while you're here? Just explore the town, and when we're getting ready to go, I'll let you know, and you guys can go on your merry way.


No, I have-- my Hail Mary I did on my first turn. I'm going to try to break free. I will put my finger up right next to-- against the tentacle, and just use that Ring of the Ram, and just try to punch through it.


And I am at disadvantage? (sighs)


That's what I was hoping for. 21.


It's coming out with the DLC for Middle Earth.


Yeah, yeah. We're up here. Whitestone's here.


Which is 3d8 plus two. So the first one, oh! Six, seven, eight, plus seven, which is 15. For the first one, 15 plus two. 17. And then the second one is eight, plus two fives, which is 18 plus two, so 20.


While I'm looking for buildings.


Is this the doctor that we saw before?


How much is exposed right now?


Word came? Word came that they were in the south? Where did word come from?


Is she absorbed?


Well, I could locate potentially a money purse.


Or is it? Hold on, let me double check, because my iPad died and I can't see my shit. It's okay, everybody. It's 16. [cheering]


I don't know. Why doesn't yours have it?


I rolled an 8.


We do. Or a walkie-talkie. He's saying, Syngorn is gone.


Go for the 20!


So we're watching the other two head back towards the--


I'm going to be playing rule Nazi tonight. Is that attack of opportunity possible since he's grappling somebody?


That's true. We are a swarm of bats.


I'll cast Friends on it.


And I go with Kashaw.


(breathing heavily)


Well, we were thinking of going in under disguise as, potentially, as tieflings, since they are more common there.


All right. Good try, Pike. That was really good.


Of course I would.


(scared panting)


We were also going to go the Cobalt Reserve anyway, we could see, I'm sure they have some sort of a library special secret book vault.


I was just curious, I guess, if you had any advice for tomorrow morning. Is there anything I should know in particular about the kraken?


Great. 16 plus sneak attack. 19.


Jumbo-- Tar-- I'm Tary. Can you spell out your name for me on a piece of parchment?


If he's still alive.


I mean, hoping the pollen's not flammable, but sure try it.


Molly, do you want to kick us off?


"A shitty hole."


Yeah, I just penciled it in.


They'll be happy to have you.


We are time bandits. (cheering)


Eff you, brass cross!


She's a peaceful fucking gardener for the past 20 years.


Not texting it to us.


You seem to really believe your words, but you know your word is worth fuck all right now. Fuck all.


Yes, he is!


Towards Nott, ja.


Rumors only grow.


Sure. They didn't goldfish it.


iPhones. iPad Pros.


Yeah, it was something else. I mean, there's periods that I don't really remember but she was aggressive when she needed to be and gentle when she needed to be and-- I've read a lot about-- that-- and a lot of things I've read were true. I mean, the female form is mysterious and strange and-- there are curves and--


Do you want a sip of Change-Bringer's Nectar?


The ships?


I don't have any more bonus actions, right, or anything?


She's been gone so long, don't take her job!


Yeah. Same, Rissa, same. We will not take up much of your time if you just let us in to go kill this clockwork warden that this guy made. We heard he was quite a problem. Just let us in; we'll be out of your hair, and you can get back to your work.


Grog! Let me in!


No, I don't know exactly where they were from. I don't know who they are, I don't know anything about them.


Who doesn't have any potions?


Oh, they're a fun group.


The puppy is having-- am I feeling a twitch, or is it having a--?


Can you make some shrubs to come along with us?


Do I see Tary?


I have a Ring of Protection. May I do that around the camp?


I like it. It's epic. Catchy.


It's just saving throw?


You're 15 feet tall now, Grog.


That's it, I heard that noise.


He earned it.


Ja. Of course.


It's fine, Headmaster. I'll be back in about 15 minutes with the proper proof that we did procure the things that the man, that needed to have proof, did. Excuse me! And I get the hell out of there. And as soon as I get out of there, I cast Fly on myself, and I Gandalf (whoosh) right back to the keep.


Why don't you go check it out?


Raishan.


Well he forgot that he put it there! You think you'd still feel that.


(humming Going to the Chapel)


What do you think? Hold on. What do you think?


I'm up. I would like to go into a Frenzied Rage now that I've got all my playmates around me. And I would like to take one giant swing in a half circle, trying to get all three at one time.


Personal funds?!


Oh, we're not sleeping?


Yeah, I knew that. Why didn't you just ask?


Yes, I'm going to sniff the door a bit.


Hang on. Fellow half-elves, you look as horrified as I feel. What do you guys think?


Yeah, the ship lost at sea.


All right, I would like to enter a frenzied rage, and I would like to-- since he moves off to my side, I see him move, and I throw a back fist into the concave area of his nose.


No, no, this and liquor will do.


What is that? What is that? Not-- What is that? What is that?


Is that your first fail?


Seems to be taking it. That's fine. I'm casting Hex.


Do I get an opportunity?


There's no vents? There's no ventilation shaft, there's nothing?


I did, Fjord did, and--


Has Dotty been in any fights, or--


Back up!


I'm not going to attack, I'm just going to jump on a cart in the fracas and try to find a cage or two.


Which means I get to tell you what to do and don't you forget it.


Body pillow.


It's the end of Raiders.


There is something you have to do for me, though. You got to go and kill these fuckers.


I don't think you did any of that at all. I just think you might know who did. Even if you don't consciously know, I think you have an idea.


Except that while he was checking out his junk in the mirror-- heavenly junk-- I shut the door behind Keyleth and I. I don't think we should go another couple of days in silence.


I'm going to take a headshot with Bad News.


That's 16, so 26? 27. So what's half of that?


Yeah. Up here. Where there's no water. We're totally fine. Down there, there's dead bodies on seaweed. (laughter)


Did you want a piggyback ride?


We've got this cup of dragon blood! Which I know can be added to ale or wine and makes it quite sensational.


They're right at the edge, though.


(tearfully) My cask of ale!


Here comes the one.


I have a question. You said he's a cursed giant?


I don't think that's true.


I thought it was very clever.


Not a problem at all.


(wheezing sounds)


And jump behind me, and act like you just--


I feel really bad, because-- I feel bad about that. I'm sorry.


I give one gold to Yasha and I hold on to the other nine.


Glue? I've got alchemy, right? I can make, like, goop?


How many sixes? Let's see.


Because I'm assuming he's going to be up in our faces.


We don't know what that is.


And 30 feet long.


All of that and more.


(quietly) Hi, sorry. You mentioned that the water Ashari live under the water.


I drop Control Water, switch back to my Alter Self, grab Percy, head back to the boat.


I will give him a limerick to inspire him with.


And she's super slippery. She just totally like evaded Percy's sneak stabby-stab.


Wow. Another?


It's us. We're here. We're next to you, but we're invisible.


There's no bridge.


Oh no. Oh, that's okay. 19!


(singing) Mote of Possibility!


Well, let's camp 40 feet. Let's camp with them.


Okay. If we give you more, could you make it faster?


That's not as good this time, 12.


I know it's stupid, but goddamn it, I'm going to do it.


Shit! You can't, can you?


Okay, did he hear? I whistle again.


Oh shit, fast. Super fast. Okay.


Guys, if you go over to the Geek and Sundry shop right now, this is on pre-order, so-- I'm going over my script-- signed versions of this will be available for pre-order for 2 weeks only.


This is not the time to choke, buddy.


I am the paladin of the Raven Queen.


Dig it up! (laughter)


Oh, that's right. This is a magic save.


Yeah, it was fine. Just can't talk to everybody, I guess. It's fine.


Get it.


Is it Draconic?


So she's not with you?


If he goes unconscious, he does automatically come back. But no, that's only within 100 feet, that's not 80 yards. No.


Did it make it?


That's what I was saying. I'm afraid of the pressure.


Hi, countdown.


I take some of that leftover wine, use that to make it fancy wine.


You know? You're very smart.


It's not very nice, is it?


Let's try your idea. You thought that I would be able to locate it by you telling me about it, so what did it look like?


No, we're going into the tunnel.


Should I reroll?


It breathes better in open space.


I don't think that would be a grand idea unless you didn't like the person very much.


If we lose Fassbender--


Tongue and mouth just (lolling).


What is that? Oh, it's 12... plus 11. So that is 23.


Do you have any experience with items like this?


Ah! What!


I'm gonna try to shoot a Bramble Shot at him.


Yeah. What's his fuck.


But we need to spend a little--


And I'm going to arrange for our stuff to be stowed in the vault.


I'm going to just try to shoot him.


She's the only one-- he's the only one there?


Okay, yeah. 22.


Send who down where?


To kill each other.


Right after you were healed.


I take my four points and I am happy for them.


Maybe move it this way so the people can see.


Yeah, he's tied down.


I grab the Hunk of Quall and I float it up to the ceiling.


Fjord, I'm trusting you.


All his friends are running away, and he's going, "Me and my friends are going to kill you."


Spell management!


Remember, these shirts are available online at geekandsundry.com!


Ja, sure.


Fuck it. I was just thinking it was a thing, but forget it.


Oh, yeah! With your help, I think. Just in case he comes before we get to him.


We've just got to kill the big boss. One little baby big boss. The boss baby.


Yeah that's a little out. And Scanlan and I are far back.


Six. Seven.


Or?


It's actual shit.


Like (tapping).


He's slowly staked out on the Prime Material plane. Just north of Vasselheim, about 350 miles.


Yeah, just take him.


Which means she would want Fjord's body.


In theory, they'll have your crest on file. That's one of those things, any dressmaker would actually know how to assemble something appropriate for any house of any nobility that exists.


Send all your complaints care of Sam Riegel.


It's the eyes!


(high-pitched yelp) I mean, (deeper grunt).


Travel through?


Are you still invisible?


So, when you've fully excavated it, you can come back and check it out.


I want to look for any weapons that are lying about.


When you left me, right--


You can take second watch.


Okay, this is still going very good, so I am going to slide along the wall that I'm on to try to get to the space where Beau had been before she started. Now that the little weasel is dead, ja, I'll stay against the wall if I can.


Appetizer of things to come, my friend.


Are we going to find any of these defenses right away, or what?


Yeah, GameChanger. Yeah.


Yes, I will aid you.


Two of the halflings-- two of the gnomes can get on.


I mean, Grog.


Fjord, you almost sound like Caleb.


So here's a question, that very first one that we lit up like the Godfather?


I'm Hasted, I can run 12 spaces, so if you think that I could have run around the mind flayer, put on the party hat--


I start kicking sand and gravel into the cave.


You could have hit me! It's okay. Don't worry.


No, we don't! We peek up first to see if anything's near us.


Oh, but I do. Wait. My favored terrain is the Underdark.


I understand. And I shall keep that in mind, and I do apologize.


And thanks to the mods who keep the chat, I watch every week unless I'm out of town and like, the fact that everybody in the chat is somebody I'd like to say hello to is pretty great. So thank you for that, all your work.


The target doesn't move and takes no action. How about-- oh, you know what? Drop,


I mean, just part of my armor. If that's not boots, then it's probably just the front guards, huh.


Yeah, it is one born out of circumstance. We have every intention of paying. I just haven't received the bill from my first mate yet.


No. I don't have the thingie.


Lots of different places.


Do you still need muscle strength to pull it, or is it just easy-peasy now?


Let's go back to town.


I wonder how many times she can do that.


I'm going to slow my breathing, I'm going to take one last look around to see if anyone notices any of the commotion that we're causing.


Do we see any structures off in the distance, or is it all just overgrowth?


I'm sorry. I'm sorry your friend got taken. I'm going to try to help get her back.


Before we go in, I go, Vax?


Is he always this loud?


Can I get an eye as to how far away it is?


I thought you said it didn't get sneak attack--


Doty's gone again?


Yeah! 12!


Shears?


The Carvers!


Jenga.


Actually, does that hit both of them?


I am, I'm ready, it's too far!


No, I'm trying to put it on. Does it fit?


This was a factory, maybe?


I'm going to try to take out my Magician's Judge sword. Because I can try to Dispel Magic. I'll try to do it. Might not work.


You look so busy.


He takes a while to rest up.


I'll ask the Yonn guy.


No, we didn't send anyone, I just--


We haven't seen anything yet.


Wait, it's hairspray?


Fair enough. We'll have plenty of time, I could-- well, we have to pick one. One's to the northwest and one's down to the southeast from where we are now.


(retches) Sorry.


It's a dirty book?


To do what, though?


He locked us in!


Yeah, I heard something about a ring, and treasure in her eyes.


So potentially, brother, we could take them both out if you throw your knife and I do an arrow.


We be representing the dead motherfuckers in this game.


You guys.


I mean, yeah, she's not in the castle, but I can find -


You're welcome, Tiberius. (all laugh)


She's better than you, Percy.


It's open to interpretation.


Yeah! We saved you.


Cat's Paw!


Is she unconscious or is she awake?


Natural 20. Gil coming in in the clutch!


I'll do the hip pocket.


Oh, I mean, it's landing, right?


Okay. That was almost good. 11.


Yeah. It's a graveyard. People come and they talk. A lot.


I want to experiment on the-- I want to do a couple things. I want to first take, using my little kit, I want to just beaker off a tiny bit of it and expose it to some organic matter to see how it reacts.


I'm feeling something new.


Where're you going to go? What're you going to do?


I will Counterspell that at level six.


22 more.


Put up or shut up.


Ah Jesus, it hits, come on.


One of our souls, or all our souls?


This seems weird.


In the beginning? Or more recently?


We're not going to die. The war is very far away from us.


I would love to do that.


We don't want him coming back.


It was a mastiff? Was it a well-kept dog or-- was it a dog of pride or just a dog of--?


Well then, am I within 60 feet of her?


Is there any writing of any kind?


While they do this? Okay, 18.


Who? What, the Fitz and that guy?


That's all right. That's good.


I'm going to creep out against the wall closest to me and try and hide in one of these coves. Over in the corner, as far as I can get into the--


Right? I mean, I got struck by lightning, guys.


What was that thing?


Pretty positive.


Minus two! I am equally scrawny. (laughter)


Did Grog moving activate Vax? Didn't you hold your turn or something?


I'm sorry, a lot of people get really nervous when they see them. I'm not diseased or cursed or anything just-- yeah, I've--


We do this tonight?


You fall back.


We casually begin--


So if we go for--


Than an onion? Well, how about we're just going to kill the people on the wall, how is that for a metaphor?


18 points.


I love chicken.


And that was at disadvantage?


Do you have a potion for a bonus action?


Five minutes later, Tova was killed. (laughter)


Wait, we're just going to go?


We can put one on the Sphere?


They don't need to know. No!


No, I'm going to go talk to Keeper Yennen.


1d10. That's nine plus four. 13 points of Eldritch Blast.


Yeah, he just dies!


I dip my finger in and take a taste.


No, I feel like you're going to make plans.


That'll work. I was going to go to the brick wall.


Bird-Eye Fjord I think is what he was getting at, you know?


That’s what I was thinking.


You did her fun buns?


Yeah, put a kiss on it.


But no recession. I can't remember, when we found the actual cat's eye, the sphere, it wasn't in a recession. Was it just resting at the bottom of the well?


What were you trying to find?


But not to-- That seems right, yeah. All right. 18.


I have 27 initiative.


I'm not entirely sure the creatures down here have eyes.


Specifically their feet.


By Westruun.


We've learned so much about-- Hey Taliesin, welcome back to the show!


What do you mean, they're not real?


We're filming soon. Maybe someday Sam will come on. Maybe someday Bailey will come on. Maybe someday Ashley will come on. It's a mystery.


Nobody can see anything right now.


I know, I am sorry. I will change you back as fast as I can. I need you to look for the three that you do not see here. The green one, the blue one, and the goth one. Go!


With the cover, does not hit.


Do you want us to shove it in the hole?


I will show you what it does.


In a locked cell with Grog? I think is pretty safe.


We're going for the general?


- so that’s just 14.


Am I going to freak people out if I walk around like this?


A-B-B-A-N.


I'm behind a tree.


Molly, if you would like to share my room, you can.


We probably should have talked out our plan before we did this.


Yes. 17 plus 14, with sharpshooter.


Is there another entrance we can go to?


Are they private guards, though, or are they crownsguard?


I look down and pull out a small piece of the kettle out of my pectoral and toss it away. That was very impressive, all of you. I'm very impressed. It seems that--


We're leaving them with a promise that we'll be back to finish the job.


I would just try to-- oh yeah. That's interesting. (laughter)


I told you, I don't like thinking.


I was okay with the rolling blackouts in Nicodranas, but two cities I feel a little worse about. A little worse. They'll figure it out.


I'm going to rear back and punch it.


Caleb's healed and that's good. Do we want to try?


Breakfast beer? Sure. There's milk from a cow with a broken nose.


I would love to do that. We'll keep an eye out.


Daylight.


Your skull is unspoiled.


The light.


Fuck yeah it is!


(sings) Yeah, nipples.


He does, I do 2d8 of bludgeoning damage.


Sorry! I'll go one for the dwarf, one for Algar. Pretty color for the dwarf. Balls, so many balls all the way around. We have nine for the dwarf, and we have 12 for Algar.


Because I can Alter Self at will and you have to take a spell slot, or can you do it at will?


Is Sprigg still glowing?


I didn't say you could talk. What I want to know is, when you came back into the bar last night, did you see fit to rummage your way through some good, hard-working people's coin purses?


I promise.


The door closed again?


I just did; it's seven.


That cherub was a bitch.


We are fucking slap-happy.


I will make the mansion.


Oh! Oh, I was on him.


No, I ate that too. (laughter)


I spent two years before I met you all cajoling people, occasionally ripping them off, occasionally doing a good turn here or there. Never trust the truth. The truth is vicious. The truth thinks you owe it something. None of that. I like my bullshit. It's good. It's happy. It makes other people happy.


Who would write that?


With my flametongue dagger which I don't know if he likes or dislikes, but that's what I've done.


And really believable.


Does he take extra damage because I'm water? Because he has water susceptibility?


Oh. Well done. Well done. That was nice.


We should just lead with that.


I run over to them and say  Oh, Twiggy just did this thing with her tongue where she made it into a circle. It was really great; you've got to see it later!


We're back from the Feywild.


Like Captain Planet?


No bad Halle Berry lines.


No, you're cool for some reason right now.


14 on the first one.


Could we smack the eye out of his hand?


I mean, this is pretty good from a certain perspective. I mean, if you think about it. Bad things happen to people every day, and then you have a bunch of people who care about you so much that they come and save you, fix it, defeat a great evil. I mean, nothing this good ever happens. This is great. I'm going to go check upstairs. I think you guys have a lot to talk about. I'm going to head upstairs and start searching.


Fucking nipples.


I will follow the group.


(sarcastically) Yay!


He bought that locket.


Divine thing on the first one. That's only a 14 on the first one?


At least wide.


It works.


Thank you. I'm just trying to bring--


Six? So 17.


So is Trixie. (as Trixie) Yeah, I'm real good. (as Twiggy) Sorry. It's me saying it! It's not Trixie, it's me saying it. (as Trixie) I'm crate trained!


Okay, I'm going to attack one of the oozies instead.


She's got 40 something hit points.


I click my earring. You're an idiot, Vax.


I'd love a nice fish dick right now with some tartar sauce.


Buggles?


That works.


Oh, I hope it was a Disintegration ray one.


Wait a sec. "Hey, guys, love the stream."


Your own fault, Grog!


I don't know how hiding works, but I'm going to hide. I know that this thing over here will see me, but can I hide right there, hiding from the vision of that one? Does that work? Can you hide from one person?


Are we falling?


Nonlethal. That's only a 14, no, 15.


We're friends. We're going to get you out of here. How are the bindings on your hands?


I had a little wooden doll, and so I'm going to pass it to him and say, in case we never see you again, you can always think of us when you play with this. That's for you. And you can name him whatever you want.


You never made it up to the cave entrance, did you?


Now here's the thing. Sorry.


Always the bearer of bad news, that one.


I'm canceling it.


Special effects, guys!


You play Nadine.


I feel like you've told me so much about the family, and when they came to town I feel-- I almost feel bad about the way that I treated them. And I feel like they're just, if anything, they're just odd. I'm odd and you're odd and that's just the way Trickfoots are.


It's making you weird.


That's a lot of spells.


Extra, extra!


Okay, Sprigg, I got it.


Here's what I want to try and do. I want to try and hope to god I can get everyone in here.


Now, that seems like a bonus action to me, right? (group laughs)


Individually, yeah?


That couldn't have been more uncanny!


This is going to be the thing for the entire campaign. This is going to be the joke that never goes away. Nein!


Did I learn anything? I don't know what to do. I'll turn around and I'll fire two Eldritch Blasts at the dragon.


The Value of Valor, let's go find that.


Yes, just the one. My slam attack is--


Sit on your shoulder straps.


I mean, I'm asking.


Yeah. You're like the most interesting man in the world.


All right, that's a little-- (laughter)


That's sucks.


Did you have dragon bits you wanted to gather?


If you want to destroy it, why don't we just destroy it right here?


Yeah, he touched him, didn't he?


No no no, we're going into the cavern.


That's pretty good. I didn't realize there was ten in there.


We are at his whim.


Thank you. Nine points of damage.


Where's Trinket right now?! Why isn't he on the set?!


-- the second act of Ghostbusters.


12 plus seven. 19.


Not good.


(gasps) Talk, Grog!


That don't look good.


Yasha's just like looking around the boat.


After listening to everybody, I'll lead the way. That way, I can keep an eye out for the forest next, too, and the house and all the things we're looking for. I got a good look at the map that Pelor held up in front of us, as well.


31 stealth.


Oh, that's right, okay.


www.TonsOfShit.com


Pike should read it.


Does he come around the back of me?


Kiri, where was the city you saw, the village of people?


How big is this chamber in here?


Yes! (cheering)


Let me do all the talking this time.


No you won't. No you won't.


We're all immune to fear because of the feast.


I'd like each of you to read a part in.


And maybe I can wiggle it all closed.


Only because I have no experience in it, I was just curious what it was that you might have done, you know, previously.


We're just waiting for Vanessa and Zahra to get back from their hunt. Am I right?


Come on, you fucker.


You mean just laugh extra hard and pretend like we're having a great time?


Did we bring any warm clothes?


I grab Keyleth's hand. Let's take a walk.


So ready for a nap. 24.


Wait, wasn't that one of the people--


I feel like it's very telling when Grog has more patience than I. (sighs) Okay.


Let's all sing our fight song, shall we?


I need to check in with my people. I need to check in with the Air Ashari.


They worshiped you?


Oh. (in Sam's voice) Why are you drinking salt water? (laughter)


For all your reclaimed wood needs.


We can't do anything for them right now until we actually know what's happening.


Is there an audiobook version of this?


We can maybe use this. We could make a distraction owl that he will focus on, and we could take him out from afar.


I hold the blade, and I hand the hilt towards Scanlan.


Feel free to restock whatever's missing. Keyleth and I, I think at the very least, and maybe anybody else who wants to go upstairs and start poring through the wonderful private nooks and crannies of the library, please.


Why don't you disguise yourself as--


There's a bunch of rats down here!


I thought you were going to tell me a dirty joke, or something! When you say "come here," usually that's what that means!


And it's wonderful.


Five, ten, 15, and I'll use the rest of my 30 feet to get as close as I can.


I mean if you're a wizard.


Make it look like evil calligraphy.


Oh. I fly 15 feet up and grab Pike.


Well, I just don't want anybody to actually stand on a tree for very long.


What if he's being a father to his child? What if he's enjoying his life?


Summer's Dance! (laughter)


Love you, Matthew.


Tiamat?


I just don't want what happened to you before to happen again, all right? You can even put it in your belt, just have it. All right? It's a normal dagger, it's fine. My sister is intimidating.


Like a military.


Worse than hell. Legitimately worse than hell. This is making me miss hell.


You mean like Keds? You're talking about Keds?


Oh, yeah, of course.


I had that coming.


Yes? (laughs)


He did a great service to your city.


We don't know what we're talking about, which is why I think the idea to go scope it out is a good one.


I see him fall and I shove these two off and I go (casting).


Just me trying to do--


Ooh, I could give someone a blessing, who's shitty at this? Blessing!


(deep voice) I always take up the rears.


Oh. Grog, would you rather go to the one near the Braving Grounds?


We all deserve it. We know we do. That was terrible. I have a thing called Resolve and I have one usage of it left. May I use it?


Just guessing?


You have beautiful eyes. Did those eyes see anything in that grand throne room? Entrances or exits? Large windows? Anything?


Oh yay, 19.


I go, and I look. Is his tapestry still on her horse?


Okay. Four.


Is that a real cow, Scanlan, or was that some sort of ghost cow?


Before we all part ways, can we do a quick accounting of the gold?


Well, you're how old?


In the mansion. Not in the studio. (laughter)


Maybe we should save our strength for the fucking bow in the tree.


I offer my neck to pick me up.


Seven, eight, nine, ten. 15 points of damage.


Just go for it!


Grog! What are you doing?


This is risky.


Woo, Dallas.


Looks good.


So what do you have?


25?!


The internet.


We are looking to set up a meeting.


Let's do that. Find a safe perch, my dear.


Guys, the birthday girl is trying to talk.


I'm so far away.


Put on some gloves.


Holy. Shit.


I bet it was a friendly person.


(laughing) Why weren't you raging the whole time?


It's all I do.


I request Pa'tice.


There's nothing on this list.


When did she fucking give you that, man?


Keyleth, why don't we head home?


Aw, the chicken, we can't take it. That's okay, I've got boar meat. Do you want to feed your stomach the boar meat?


No, that's Power Rangers.


(whispering) Interesting.


You don't feel like we are stepping into every trap that Raishan has laid?


I've got to get my passport.


It's fucking wild.


Is there anything we can let him know?


Would she know what it was?


It's old diarrhea.


That's pretty fucking sick.


I stealthed. You have to stealth, right?


Does he seem to be following slightly behind in step of the dwarvish-maybe-creature?


It's like playing a video game for 30 minutes. It's so unsatisfying!


Like some meats.


I don't like it, I don't like it.


There's going to come a point where chaos is just going to descend on us.


Yeah. In a couple hours.


Oh Kiri.


We definitely should. I will buy that box for us. How much was it?


Draw it! Draw it! Quick, Percy! Should I flash him? Should I flash him?


Is this the same sword we've always seen? I don't remember the word-- Liam doesn't remember the word Wastehunter.


Are we concerned about me extinguishing these coals? We can light coals again, right?


What may I call you?


But with the forests I'd be amazing.


Yes, my armor. She has it.


If they give me-- Would I be allowed to peruse this--


Yay, this is awesome! I'm really high!


My hide armor ain't worth shit.


Okay. That's my worst nightmare.


Oh, so he's fine.


Are we all holding hands? Are we all in position?


Well, yeah. I'll take care of something. I'm sitting in a corner and I'm staring into the reflection of my sword. And I'm gently tapping the contract in my pocket. And I'm going to say, Ipkesh.


I'm sure if you pray to the Platinum Dragon, we'll be all right.


Oh, you got him!


I hope she's still in the city, because otherwise she's going to have a really hard time trying to get back in.


In the bag of colding?


No, we don't. But we also need to find out what's happening with Allura in Whiterun. Westruun. All those cities.


Nott, over here, knows a little bit of Thieves’ Cant.


That's fine, I've been treated worse than this--earlier today.


Okay. Okay. Ooh. Not good. I'm feeling lucky. 17.


They assumed we would come, but they don't know that we're here.


So fucked up!


Nice and vague.


(garbled) Say my name, bitch!


Oh, you'll be fine.


You know, imagine I said it more succinctly than this.


(mimicking Bentha's accent) No cookies, no doughnuts?


It probably would be a contest of wills.


I start stomping extra loud as I walk.


This is all taking six seconds, by the way.


I swing away. 24.


11. 17. And a 19.


Okay, that is six damage.


I'm willing to kick this ball down the field.


Ysgard.


Where the fuck have you been? Who are you? No really, who the fuck are you?


They're all on me.


From I've been doing, trying to make that better.


The torch is still up.


What, that piece of metal thing? Hey, I made that. I call it a Scanlan. I call everything a Scanlan.


You guys, this is getting dumber and dumber. We will have a movement speed of one.


You go to hell, you sign a contract!


So your weapon is magical, isn't it?


Me neither. Never even seen one before.


Plus 12.


Us pack of nerds are going to miss you more than Vox Machina misses Pike.


What is the Vassalage? That is a good question. Shit.


Yeah we did. For over five months, Sam and I worked with some extremely talented animators in the Philippines. We have to give massive props and love to Kamille and Kevin Areopagita. They are absolutely brilliant. You can check out their twitter page at @karekareo. Their patreon is there. Go. Give them both love. Support their patreon. They are far too talented to not be doing more. We were so lucky to work with them on this. They were absolutely amazing. Every little bit of creative input we gave them, they just smashed it. We couldn't be happier.


Information is welcome and we are thankful. And we have been impressed by your wisdom, very much so. The people you employ are chosen very carefully and very well and we all have been impressed. In addition to information, you provide a service with the Slayer's Take to Vasselheim. Do you have any interest in spreading that influence to Emon, if we can save it?


Did I do it wrong?


Yeah, man. Anchorage moose.


Goddamn it. That doesn't hit. (sighs) Okay, I'm going to try it again.


Maybe I shouldn't.


I'm going to move just to the other side of that.


Then they get here, "Oh, crack!" Or maybe we stop them first, crash, stop, everything stops, then we hit them with Slow.


You all right? You look white as a ghost.


I'm a pretty good dancer!


A physical copy or up in the dome?


She doesn't know this.


I get ready for the evening.


Oh, I'm so sorry! Nine. Plus-- Whoa. That is ten, 16, 22, 23, 25, is 50? Plus the-- 59. 59 for the first.


Cult-ish?


Please don't be golems that will come out and fight us.


Can anybody do an arcana check on the leather hat?


Yeah. This is a big tree.


All right. Can we just vote on something, please? Since Percy's being oh-so-quiet about all this.


I need to write a letter about-- okay, what should I say? "I hate this city, I want everyone to suffer what I feel in my heart?"


I reach out and I touch the roots. Can I just kind of feel, sense the arcane ley-lines that Allura was talking about that the tree's in the center of?


I'm going to walk up and take a look at this pool one more time. I want to taste the water; is it fresh or salt?


Well, I'm satisfied.


They finally found it.


You've been wanting to say that.


We had no time to do anything!


We're looking out for you, I mean.


Oh man, this does not feel good.


Ugh, it was almost good.


I don't like that face.


Yeah, I can hear it.


Vegas is a short trip this time.


It's buried by ice.


I'm going to scan the sky.


This is our first chain whisper.


Sure, it's a 12.


Ooh, that's good! That's a good plan!


And we're definitely doing the pillars?


Nopey nope!


What! Bullshit! Goddamn it.


de Rolo knew about this. That's perfectly clear. You knew about this too, Scanlan?


So I have to roll with disadvantage?


We're next. (laughter)


No one's going to even notice me. Yeah, they were ringing the bells and running around and getting prepared and stuff. Yeah, and if for some reason, somebody's like, "That guy punched me in the face," we'll just punch them.


I'm not a member of the Guild yet. I had something happen with someone who did something and now I'm here. Why don't we leave it at that, for now?


Bludgeoning and fire.


Oh. We can mist.


It was underwater, though, so--


Pew, pew.


No, we're good. I open up the haversack and pull out the box.


Charisma saving throw.


Diastock.


I feel like that was the most emotion--


Yeah, we--


I'm going to put my coat on Trinket for a moment, just to keep it clean.


What was she like?


You got to jump on the tent when it becomes available.


Oh, it's a dex saving throw? Never mind, sorry.


It's a Critmas sweater.


What did they say?


Yeah. These are all my unarmed strikes, yeah?


Oh I can use my strength!


Wait for it.


13 points of piercing damage?


That's not normally what people tell me.


Because it's the flat. 13.


What's the name?


You spent your entire action getting away from him.


Can you understand us?


He's our fucking spy!


So I'm sorry for objectifying you or whatever.


That is a constitution save.


This not going to go well. 12.


That's where I'd hide it.


Like us?


Gustav, wait! Here. And I take off one of my rings. This is an old family heirloom, and I hope it can help you pay some of your debt.


He can get a little wink, wink, nudge, nudge discount.


Oh yeah, she did it on Scanlan.


Everything's in the pile? Including the stuff in the second chest?


Oh, and I drank some of that nasty dank in the fight with the Hammer, round two.


(quietly) So what can we immobilize her with?


Really, Travis?


It's all right. We're both sad.


Did you know him?


Nothing at all. Hunter's Mark!


Do you think you could look in on Syngorn?


No blue poo. Got it.


You said these tomes might still be in Vasselheim?


I just spent a lot of money on these dice today!


Well, I think we could both do something, but I want Grog to fight this.


I never said that.


Yeah, like this one over here. Or made this one inhuman. I'll come back to this. This is the manacles Yasha had on her when we found her. This is strange, you put them on a person and someone like me, maybe Fjord, could make that person fall asleep for at least a day.


Are there any tree clusters or rock clusters or boulders or anything that provides shelter?


They smoosh up to about the size of a cabbage. It's really all right.


All right. Just this one time, though. I'm going to throw a throwing star.


That's kind of true.


That guy is socially awkward.


First shot...


But what does it mean? We've got three traps.


No, don't do it!


Into the tavern.


Oh, I love this so much.


Oh! I'm so sorry, my lord.


Yes. It rhymes with bahn me. No, it doesn't, actually.


No, keep it, Pike! It'll be with you always.


I cast Thaumaturgy and make it sound like there's a sound coming from behind him, too.


And on top of all that, we have this fucking skull.


No way!


If this is a tomb, I'm going to be so pissed at the two of you.


Yeah, that’s okay.


Our house is a D&D cave.


Wait, before he goes I cast Pass Without a Trace on everyone.


Fucking get into the building that we can, and then start it.


I don't know, I feel like after a day like today, pretty fucking deep.


Wine, mostly, yes.


I sing, (singing) No no no no, don't phunk with my heart! (laughter)


How does anyone do anything?


It's okay. I'll protect it. Don't worry.


Hell no!


But I think, doesn't it take an action or I can just choose?


I immediately move to the side so he can run through.


Where am I going? Hello? It's me, Scanlan Shorthalt.


It was, did you see me power-bomb him at the end?


Friends of J'mon Sa Ord.


Since the day I've met her, I've given her every bloody dime I've made. So, yes. I no longer even think about it anymore.


Can I reach down and touch the iron on the ground? The floor? Does it feel warm?


Perception, you say? 22.


Yeah, we're going. And now I'm booking.


Don't kill him, still?


Fucking make this shit. Make it!


It's very unlikely to explode on by itself. 'Cause it needs to be moving at a high speed. But it's just not the best thing ever.


Don't let them leave!


This overlay thing's pretty cool.


I'm a nice guy! I can't resist the charm of a woman, especially one who looks identical to you.


37, that's kind of low for me.


At least--


If you do that, he'll know something is different.


Oh, hello again.


The diviner would be wonderful to speak to.


Always look at me!


It's good to see you. Thank you for that.


Or we make a tunnel and we all go.


We had the talk with her


One a day. (laughter)


I may have to-- I'm aware that there's a lifespan on this die, that I may eventually need to put it away.


Wow, we stumped him.


I'm going to take a blight staff swing at that one that's right next to Yasha.


Right, the first roll was a nine, right?


It was the radiant rite.


God, we're mean.


With a 12?


Okay. I don't want to go through the swarm of insects. I don't know what would happen.


All right here we go.


Hear what?


21 to hit.


The pixies are bitter little assholes.


It's dispelled, but the stun still happens?


To get to the next Vestige and to perhaps make some friends. The more the merrier.


Is she on the other side of it?


I do-- into the air, I just go (kwoosh)


Spend the night here, then?


No. Definitely not. He is not on bass.


All goblins are different.


Shit. This is enough for me, I know they're down there. The leader of the Iron Shepherds is down there beneath that trapdoor. That's what I believe. I don't know what to do now.


Oh, yeah, yeah! Focus on this, Fjord!


Wait, if you buy the owl and I buy a weasel, is your owl going to eat my weasel?


(whispering) He doesn't know what to do.


I am not dancing, so it is not really an issue.


It certainly did something.


Yeah okay, I'll walk up and I'll grab the rod.


Nope, okay. 17.


No, that was the same day.


Oh shit, the tiny trees have come out!


On a success?


People are going to worship you like crazy.


I think we should make camp! I-- should we make camp? Yes! We should make camp!


It's a new show on Monday nights where our Twitch cast plays as themself in Outbreak Undead. Last week, some of you saw the Twitch cast leave me for dead outside of the studio. And a lot of people thought that I might come back if given the opportunity. Well, if we break that sub goal, Ivan has said that I will come back and probably wreak havoc in some way for our Twitch host that thought they could get away with leaving me for dead in the middle of the street.


Oh gosh.


I think there's going to be more.


We've got about 50 more minutes in here. What say we drag this asshole out of here?


(screams) Okay, here's the thing. Did he roll far enough away that he is not within ten feet of the dragon?


Is it nighttime?


Oh, are they going to take out everybody?


It was a 19-- Oh wait, plus five is 21.


Hashtag no regrets.


I refuse your command and I give it to Schmidt willingly.


I pull out Bad News and I'm just going to try and use the scope to trail.


How do they remind you?


(high voice) I’m sorry!


One hundred percent.


You had a snack not that long ago.


I just wanted to make sure you were cool.


Chicken through the magic door.


On a moving cart?


You might be having some trouble?


Because you love me?


So just a regular d8. Yep. 11.


Let me look at Matt's statistics.


Any other stops you'd like to make? The dry-cleaners, perhaps?


I have some insects, but they make a lot of noise.


Yeah, we have!


I'm going to run in the door.


You know the thing when you find a mask at home and you're like, "I can do a bit with this!" That's the whole thing.


Sure. On the tops of the hills, and then one for me right in the middle of the road under the earth.


That's the name of the horse.


Yasha can look behind. (whispering) Yasha! Behind!


Okay. That could work.


It's actually Captain Tusktooth, but-- (clears throat)


I don't know. He was a chemist, so he taught me about alchemy, and liquids, and potions and things. And he taught me his language. When he had taught me everything he could, they said to kill him. But I didn't want to, so I got real drunk, and I created a distraction, and I hope he got away.


Of course, please, Cerkonos.


Yep. How are we going to stay here and find the health potions at the same time?


Oh yeah, Jester, that's got to take a while to get there and back.


This little bastard's high-spirited.


Right, and honorably, it is truthful to say that we didn't find it in the house. Technically, it's across the fucking world.


Oh no, no, no!


This guy can get anywhere. He has shown us that he can get anywhere on this map. There's no point going anywhere. No, I'm going to stay put. That's what I'm doing. I've already called it.


Back at the ranch.


I think he knows we're full of shit.


I assume at some point we're taking a short rest, by the way.


Actually, this raises an important question. What do the people of Westruun do at this point? Do they rebuild? Do they go underground? Do they leave and abandon the city?


Cool, bro. Hey, can you also tape the Dallas Cowboys game for me?


To everything within five feet.


Any dangerous creatures in the area. That's good. And the Anvil. Okay.


He's a runner. Who were you supposed to deliver it to?


Me, Tova, Taryon, and I can pick three more people. I'm going to do a Mass Cure Wounds.


I will not accept it so that when you come to your senses later, you don't feel like you've compromised. But thank you. (laughter)


Ash, you have to be here next week, too!


Well, you're a good person.


Yeah, it's 15. No, it's not good, no.


Serious deja vu.


Anywhere where there's moss, am I finding these matching holes?


I think it looks amazing.


We were born to do this!


We've never had one conversation, you and I, about my mother. Where my sister and I came from. Did you know Thordak killed her?


We're off the rails again.


I'm gonna go up to Grog and cast Cure Wounds at third level.


Yes. I certainly have. It's good to be back, but I'm a little nervous. I don't know why, really.


Third one is a 17. So they all hit.


Oh, hello. Thank you.


And I'll follow it over with a left-right. (boom, boom)


Thank god! Do you suck at it?


Life lessons by Critical Role.


I loved sleeping outside, though. Did you guys have like a tree canopy thing?


But you have to be concentrating the whole time. And you can't. You can't go to sleep.


It depends, is it a fully-cocked rifle, or--


Shubad?


Could you make yourself a very distinct looking mouse, like a shock of white hair on the mouse head or something like that? Something unique?


And you find it.


I'm going to grab his wrist and try to spin him around.


They're still standing.


Never seen anything like it?


Sorry, trying to make a connection where there might not be one.


It's getting hard. (all laugh)


And for my movement, can I get on my broom for my movement?


Movement, light, shiny things, all bad.


Ooh! I found a large book on one of the nearby tables.


It's a racial bonus.


Well, get up there.


When has a random miracle ever just happened? If we work for a miracle, that's one thing, but this sort of thing doesn't end up on your doorstep. You know that.


No, we didn't. I don't think we did.


More liquor.


Vax. Come on.


Two years now?


Oh, I have practiced aiming things with my ass in this campaign.


Wait, wait, wait, I'm in squirrel form. So I go out.


The other one is called The Lady's Chamber. It's a temple of Erathis.


It's called Meta and Dragons, we're just going to see how deep it goes.


Up in their business? Oh, it fell anyway! It happened.


Yeah. That one.


You also get other bonuses.


Nature check?


Oh, yeah, that's a good one.


Before I leave, could I investigate--


They're not trying to find weaklings on the side of the road. Which is why it seems like most of you people got spared--


No, I'm not going to stay. You don't walk out of the captain's quarters at sun-up. Plus, I'm super tired. I will leave and try to stealth back to the quarters of everyone else.


W.C and Crapper.


He sees a pouch that's relatively full, I would say.


Did it trend on Twitter? That's where I saw it.


How busy is it in the tavern?


Yeah, and it rocks.


Well, we'll see what happens now.


Yet! (laughter)


I know, Fjord!


Thank you, Matt!


Right. I'm going to start my movement. I've got 30 feet of movement. I can get almost to the edge of this mountain, right?


She can't talk to them as mist.


You have chocolate on your face.


(whispers) Stay put, you asshole.


Oh, me? I thought Travis was after--


Szundie? Junji? I will yell to Szundie, we didn't want to hurt you! We respect and fear water! Look, my feet won't even sink into it, I fear it so much! I bow before you!


Okay. Let's gather up the pieces of the rug so it's not, you know.


The light is moving.


And that's force damage.


There isn't really a handbook.


Well, poo.


It depends on what we want.


Buuhh, Vikings!


I just send things down onto her.


No! I'm holding you.


Docktow?


Give him five gold.


Special guests! We will have special guests and not-so-special guests-- you can come, too. So yes! Wednesday Club, we'll be talking about comic books! It's going to be great!


In his gerbil ball.


Or when, if someone grabs you from the shore.


Seven points, that's all I could cure.


No, because he's going to keep running.


With the seducing?


We all have work early, so we're in the same boat.


You have to get immune to it.


Any shortswords better than my shortsword?


Patience!


I would keep it, though.


It makes them smarter in the head.


(slow claps) I can die happy now that I saw that.


What is he doing? What's happening over there?


No! You're not going to touch it again!


Yes, I've--


I assume I lose everything. I lose my Heroes' Feast--


Big piece of rope, probably should have seen it.


There's probably gap under the doorway, a gap under there. They'll see a glowing light.


Oh, yeah. That's a 22.


Now, I have some funky shit. I have a Cleansing Touch, anyway, that can end a spell on me or any willing creature that I touch, so that should help.


Throw it away, pull out the gun and shoot. (laughter)


I'm really angry.


Can I do anything else? Okay, let's go! And I run into a door.


Give a little tour of our land that you so desperately want access to.


It's the guy the town crier said.


Isn't it at a disadvantage since he's in smoke?


You're sweating.


Can I cast Wall of Stone and make a big stone underneath of us to support the carpet?


For himself.


Great. I'm coming.


18 total.


We're on the last one, so we're solid.


Can we get the dog to blink to us?


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


What is his mother's name!?


Stop fighting a success!


It's correct twice a day, easily.


Fuck you man, all right? I'm having a tough day.


Put it on the wishlist, a jib.


On my own.


Did you have a party that you traveled with as well?


Good. Okay, with the advantage. Dexterity. 15.


It's the worst kill line ever. I especially floundered that one.


That's the worst one you could get!


Have a good night, don't break into our room. I'll go down with Caleb.


Objects in hammer are closer than they appear.


(softly) Shit. Fuck.


You haven't done that before.


Did you know he was a dead guy?


Like Bread Papa?


I think that's a good idea.


What do you think our play is here?


That's it. I just want to say you're very good at this.


You can say you're sorry.


Clear on the right!


Do you paint a face on it, or anything?


Okay, so I have 100 feet, so can I stand up?


Also 22.


It's okay. I don't mind feeding it.


It's random, guys.


Okay, 25. 24. Something. It's a lot.


No, it's a dex save.


Why? Why would he touch his dice? We're gonna die!


Do I get to partake? Is this how it works with everyone? Or is it just certain members--


It's always been the troll dick.


The dice can hear you.


Potion? Potion potion potion potion.


What are you hesitating for? Do it. Whatever the fuck you're going to do, do it.


Are any of us with you?


That's Lootcrate.com/crates.


Yeah, most definitely.


I nod to you. Good job.


I rolled on my iPhone. 37. It's 8d8.


Is she older, or younger?


What was the guy's name again?


We can have the plants entangle them.


Matt, may I cast Message and send a message to Gunther?


It's actually tomorrow.


I'll take the candy, because I've never had it.


This is an extra attack action.


Your friend is-- They're bad friends.


It's--


We don't know that yet.


Well, yeah. I am pretty hungry.


I can, yes.


How many gnolls was that we just killed?


Who's with me? Who's near me? Nobody, right?


I think that's the best thing I've done this whole fight, is flanking.


And one's smaller than the other?


Yeah, me too.


How do we get there? We don't know of any trees there.


11 points of radiant damage.


The water's going (splash splash).


Oh, it's a one.


Fucking kill it!


Have you kept in contact with any of them until recently?


I lit it with my spitting.


(high-pitched) Come back to the water park.


No, that's not a familiar.


(spitting) With blood.


We've discovered it's a gateway, and things can come through it, and there might be armies coming through because we just fought somebody on the other side of another ziggurat.


What did he eat?


No, it's not a potion. Just a straight-up poo.


Only one?


But you guys are tunneling around, looking for new digs, right?


So many Critters.


Glimmer pot?


I'm keeping a second shot. The second I see her head, I am taking a head shot on this girl.


Can't we just go to the sewers?


Yes, come on Grog. This is all you're good for.


That was just one, so I continue to wrap my hand around, and a second one shoots out at the one in the ceiling. That is a natural 18.


How about the giant eagle flies?


Lady demon with Pit Fiend.


That's the tabaxi, not the ogre?


Yay, thanks, Marvel Puzzle Quest!


As she starts to go to sleep, I want to draw in my sketchbook and tell the Traveler all about the cool things I saw for the day. I'm going to draw the red faced guard as I pretended I was a zombie, and I'm going to draw Molly's horns all full of jewels and stuff! I'm going to draw the stack of books.


Oh--


Well, which is always a bad sign, but there it is.


Yeah! So, the guy right next to me is gone, right?


I thought she was right up. Okay.


I agree. I legitimately agree.


Noted. All in favor of getting her paid, letting her live, and earning a favor?


That's what everyone always tells me.


Yay, Heroes' Feast.


Did we trade the troll dick for something?


Come on, mouse. Come on, mousey-poo. Oh! That's good!


Nothing. The sun comes up and it gets very hot. I'll tell you later.


My passive perception is 21. Just for future reference.


That hits for ten damage, and then--


Very true. Have you seen this cave?


Slam, I guess.


Well, you just, you know, you weren't paying attention.


They were to each other.


All in favor of the earthglide elemental, raise your hand.


Dead or alive, you're coming with me.


So the day after this dream was when you first developed your Pepperbox?


Cool, huh?


Yes, I am whispering to you. It didn't work. We find other people.


There wasn't a gnome cleric one there.


Caustic liquid.


Your uncle almost died! I almost died. Did you know I almost died, darling?


I start conjuring up a 4th-level Flaming Sphere.


Yes. Maybe. Well, we can tell you that he is awful, evil, pure evil incarnate, and he wants to be a god.


Does it go anywhere?


Any other tests you brainy types want to do on these giant, green balls?


They're not hard. I say that as, like, knowing my actual skill level, I could make one.


I will say "crossbow" and change my thing, my rod, into a crossbow--


Attack, attack, kill him!


It's a 20-minute thing. Well, I don't have to, if everyone else wants to start.


Good to see you again.


That would be faster. I'm going to hide in one of the pews.


Go charm him, Fjord. You're very charming.


I'll be prepared for it.


No, I'll stay.


I'm still a bit fuzzy. Like I mean, you know, we fought the sphinx, it got super-gnarly, and then we took a little rest and you-- did you see it shrunk?


That's a nine, yay! So that's 16?


Well you guys aren't as stealthy without being within 30 feet of me--


Your d20.


Well, that's the thing about these sorts of encounters, is that any plan you have is pretty much going to be out the window the minute you see it anyway.


No, averting my gaze. But how far am I from my--


(sing Imperial March) (all warble Imperial March)


I don't think it's haunted or anything. It just seemed like someone-- it was stuffed way in the corner behind some boxes like someone wanted to--


So you talk amongst yourselves for one minute.


Okay, do you mind hitting the button to close this thing again?


Yeah, hold your hand out.


Fuck him.


You did! And you--


There's a lot of backstory here that you're not privy to.


What? Oh! (all laugh)


Who has your daughter?


Well, before we do that, we should remember to check for traps maybe.


I pull Vax aside and say--


I brought Control Water, Grog!


All right, I'm going to take the other half and I'm going to work on the other--


But, Ashley speaks Dwarvish. Pike speaks--


Yeah, I've got a million things I could do.


I'm going to go stealth. And then, this ring. This is a wall, right?


Need to sleep on it.


I tried to clear. It clears. I hit 16 plus--


Oh, but don't fill up, because I assume we're all going to have dinner tonight together, right?


No no no no no!


In 24 hours or so?


But we're still in the air, right? He's gotta concentrate on that.


I'm going to go ahead and cast Armor of Agathys, get on the spectral frost armor.


Apparently we have the flying carpet?


But I get one more attack and then I can do flurry of blows.


Wait, I can technically make some of us bats and some of us other things, correct? I can choose.


Okay. (laughing) Perfect. Are you ready to go?


We found it!


Cyborg!


All right, cool, that's good, yeah, that's good.


And I go to my pack and I take out my old armor, which is acid resistant. Not quite as cool as what I was wearing, but I don't want him--


I say, excuse me, Scanlan.


Solid walls?


I'd like to go get my money at Kraghammer.


Don't say the word yet.


Yep, yep.


If you can bail--


It's like a whip.


Is there a shrine to the Dragon, as well?


I wonder if there's any way to find out somehow what it is before accepting.


I did say that. It's rather personal, though, I hope the rest of you can understand that. I'm not going to be around for much longer, so I wanted to say--


Someone who didn't quite get away.


Rolling a d8, right?


Oh, I think you barely got that in.


I'll go. Let's do it. I'm ready.


Okay, that's fine. I rolled a nine plus seven, so 16.


Well, maybe they have secrets. Do you have Commune with Skeletons?


Wait, there's Kashaw's.


I know what you're like.


I'll roll for the second attack as well. Which is a 25. The first one is Whisper and it does (counting). Oh, shit! I wanted to throw it at the tome. Does that change anything?


I don't know, but we can try it. Give me your books, Caleb. Give me the books.


Should I turn the wyvern into something else?


Almost. So close!


Yeah, you've got the Julia Roberts vein going. (laughs)


(laughs) That was good.


Back in the mansion, we're all sipping wine and I'm saying: I know our friends will come back to us, and I know that they won't ever lead anyone here.


Not as exciting as it sounds.


What if it's a nine-point hit point?


No! At the dummy. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try swinging the axe at the dummy.


I'm going to look at Frumpkin again and be like: Caleb, if you're watching, I don't trust Avantika? That's probably all I can say.


Should we send some light up there?


No. No, I didn't. I was floating away, you should've seen the inside. It was wind everywhere.


No no no. On the carpet.


Can we use this as a base of operations in the moment, then?


Yeah, we didn't. For the record, she married me, and there's a difference.


They had manacles on them, though, didn't they? That means they were slaves or something.


Okay, 4d4 plus five-- That's 14 plus five.19.


Ooh! That's a good, that's a good, I'm glad I switched!


Keyleth. Nice to meet you.


(hesitantly) I think I try to, but there's always that little part of me that thinks... or has doubt? So I don't know.


19 plus something, so that definitely hits.


Yep, we've got it covered. It's planned out to a T.


Wait, do I go up or down?


You make a great parade balloon, by the way. You look great.


Have you put a box around it? Just encapsulated it completely?


Yeah, very dapper.


I don't know if you're going to be that impressed by it, but maybe you'll like it.


Why don’t you and I stay down here for the night? You have anything you want me to identify, leave it, I can do that. You know what I have, I’m not leaving.


Sam weighs the same, 75. Keyleth weighs 125.


Five more minutes!


Is it a physical omission from the books, or is it even that the books that would cover it are not here? Books that should cover it that don't?


(laughing) I have reservations about killing a sewer dog.


Let's catch up with the others while we walk and talk.


Wise as fuck, motherfucker! That was a 15. 26!


(whispering) How many?


To Fitz.


Okay, I've disguised myself to look like an old, grizzled sailor.


Oh, no. It's quite comfortable against my side, actually.


Halt. Is what I say. Halt!


I'm going to stay within his attack range, but I'm going to 180 around him.


This is her, Z.


Where's the theater?


So there's that. Tomorrow we have a very special event happening for all of those that joined us for the Extra Life campaign, thank you so much, and a lot of you guys were here as well.


Zero focus. Nothing.


That probably--


Rogues! They get the job done.


Ha ha!


Of daylight? Is there anything to harvest from those bugs?


Working on it!


Okay fair enough. Shit, I'm so sorry.


I didn't see any source of light?


You're in a fever dream.


He's going to be-- Uncle Randy is going to eat his hat, isn't he? I got a leadership position! Anyway, can you help us out?


Fair, I'm in.


It's nice to meet you too.


I hop down off of Keyleth. (laughter)


We’re passing on the credit, Gilmore.


I didn't know you could-- Oh, the scroll. Oh. Good job, Caleb!


We didn't think this through. Listen. Let's level with you. This whole escapade was not very well thought out. We're new in town. We don't want to step on any toes. We did you a solid; we killed your thing. Let's calm it down a notch and let's just talk, shall we?


So we're all still there, we can see him?


d6 times something, I think.


Okay. I would like to use Animate Dead on the Broker, please.


The bakery looks normal?


Two of ten times. Okay.


Have I had a full night's sleep, at this point?


Can I ask the guard  What is that building?


What? What was it?


I will pick up the skull and take a look at it. It is human?


But listen, the gates, it's not a joke, it's sealed. There are crownsguard swarming all over it. It seemed like they were doing personal interviews, pat-downs, the whole smash, so even an enchantment might not hold up to scrutiny.


Belly-flop, shitty dolphin, Masterpiece Theatre.


Just now.


Oh wow. Yeah, that somehow just barely hits.


Don't you fuck around with me.


Yes he does! He has a giant horn on his crotch. Don't know what that's about.


Cool cool.


Oh, I'm just finishing, okay.


They're already past us, then. We'll stop them.


Are you close enough to the bonus action-- Can someone grab Fjord or is that not happening?


His collarbone?


I hate to thay this--


But why?


What's the fine?


I bet she's a bitch.


Everybody look at your stuff. I look inside my Belt of Dwarvenkind, and it says "Badass."


Well, hold onto that.


Do you-- I've got her. I could hold her, though.


Is this the size of the ashes, the box?


Where's the prison I was being held in?


That's a bonus action?


Sure, let's do it.


But, you know if you see him again, though, you can't go back to old material. You need some--


At least we're a smaller target, at that point.


That's not where my clan's from. I had nothing to do with it. My clan operates far, far away and--


Not wearing robes.


That was gorgeous, man. That was gorgeous.


Spells.


Good hat.


Oh jeez, no!


Is that Gern?


I'll run up and cast it on Nott. Oh no, Nott! I pull her up into my lap. Oh, that's good. 13-- oh, 13 plus five! No, plus three.


I'm holding onto Mollymauk and just following.


Even on a crit? But it's at disadvantage because of Hex.


I'll roll with Percy and Keyleth.


Do we all want to kill the thing?


Yeah, maybe a drunk. A drunkard trying to break in somewhere else?


Have you ever been out of Empire?


But I'm not going to be able to hit the death knight and Vecna?


He only knows the songs that he already knows!


True. Sample size.


Well, he was right about the dagger.


Okay. Goddamn it, six damage.


Primordial, Druidic, Sylvan, Elven.


Agreed, and I couldn't guarantee your safety up here while we're below the murky depths.


And a lot of books.


I will be in Phoenix, Arizona at the Amazing Comic Con, and if you follow me on Twitter, @executivegoth, I will actually tell you where I will be at the convention at various times.


What's my magic word?


Darling. You're lucky I don't-- Trinket? Have you seen my pet bear?


I can do that, too!


You want Magneto's helmet? What you want is Magneto's helmet.


Oh my gosh, that's so cool!


Yeah, don't you, like, brainy buddies just like exchange notes every day, anyway?


I mean the lot of it. We've been together for weeks, now.


Do you only gauge time in seasons?


I'll remember this, Liam.


Yes. It took someone going unconscious, guys.


You can spread them out over several games. You don't have to--


Fuck you, Gil.


Oh, I'm so gonna bring a bottle of Kraken next game!


Keep your hands on your coin purses.


Just walk with purpose.


Yours is much better than mine. Five.


Maybe not.


It's been interesting.


Yeah. Oh my god, this is a serious thing, though.


Okay. I appreciate you too. How did you get those pipes on your back? (laughter)


Yeah, for Fiona in Tales from the Borderlands.


So we head towards that boat that hit land.


I know I know I know I know.


Just to disguise everyone so that they're super hidden.


Fuck! Who, just me? Can he help me?


I rolled a 16 and a 21.


Mother sent me.


If you want any more, or if you want any of the ones you have improved, just let me know.


Do you want an extra hand?


Who's up?


An additional 11 to Keyleth.


I wish you would have been chosen by Ioun.


Ahoy!


And the second one is 26.


Okay, I take the tapestry and I put it over the skull.


We should probably put a light in there.


Kiri, come out!


Fucking shoot him.


Is Jester right up with the halfling?


But, we can just go to the Pillow Trove.


What else did you get out of there?


On camera, on camera.


-- or just-- I don't like having a woman be a part of a contest. That sounds terrible.


I feel really bad that I killed Carol now.


You can go.


Why don't all you bitches just hop in the Bag of Holding, I jump through, take all the damage for us, and then you just (popping sounds) pop right back out?


Let's have a feast! Let's have a feast!


There must be a typo. I bet on Grog. Don't you remember?


General Krieg, it's good to see ya!


In case this is magical, I just want to leave you with something. (laughter)


He's good, pouring a flask like that.


Is it around where the orb feels like it is?


Well, you had such good observation skills with the whole ever-present light thing.


You know, in your broom chapter.


I'll use my fist.


I look at the kid. Is he freaked out by the way I look? Is he--?


Roll a natural 20.


Okay, I've got this thing on my arm? So with my other hand, I will (high-pitched whimpering) grab its face (normal voice) and I will say a few a words that Caleb told me and cast Shocking Grasp on it!


Our plan's going to go so well.


So it's 40.


I mean, I don't trust it near us.


So you're searching for a bowl.


Fuck yeah! Bane!


Hey Scanlan, you kill me, I kill you.


Yes. Can I get off this table, please? What are we doing?


I'm going to just lay down, dear, I'm just going to lean on you. I just need you right now.


What did you say the warden's name was?


I'm on a boat. I'm on a boat.


I can transmute or something.


I won't lose it, I won't! Caleb!


No, Keyleth went to sleep.


Ooh. You're right. I take out an empty bottle while I do this.


It was pretty good, and I might watch it again so I can actually build those characters.


Plus seven, so 11.


Also, put the accordion back in the bag, all right?


The Revelry?


Isn't every awards show, though?


As far as we know, just a cell.


Not if we want to live.


Yeah. Percy.


It's good to want things. It's very, very good to want things. It's also very, very good to have things. It's good to-- it's good to find the things that are important to you and move towards them. I'm in a place where I'm realizing that I have to make decisions about what's important, and I'm a little envious that you seem to be ahead of the curve on that.


Big Beau, big Beau. Okay, first attack. Natural 18.


I swim down.


I don't know what to expect.


Well, at least we know it's 100 feet, so we can search for it.


I think of gold? Oh, I think of gold. Sorry, I'm not materialistic.


It's no contract? You can come and go as you please if you like?


Well, there might've been a rockslide. And it might've been our fault. I'm not sure.


Good-ish. Sort of devious good.


Oh yeah, good choice.


Yeah. Uh-huh.


There are people fighting right now.


If it's magical? Magic trap?


Vax, you're the only one who can pick the lock. We don't have keys. I'm assuming she's locked in there, right?


I don't know how to hit things. I've never hit things before.


Some people are terrible losers, just really terrible.


I'm going to start binding it up for travel.


The ocean has changed you.


Yeah, can you take a look at him, Pike? I believe it's out of my realm of understanding.


There's something magic down below.


And there's one in the bottom of the sea somewhere.


Yep. Try and get him down.


Twenty-four thousand --


And then you put it back in the bag. And then you give it to him.


Yeah, Wilhand. Yeah.


Why do we need to float Grog?


Which side are we gonna chop it on? Our side or their side?


That's a double standard.


Thank you. So this isn't a dexterity check, this is an attack.


Well, my takeaway is that they want to unseat some of the corrupted seats of power here in the city. If that's true, if there is an abuse of power, I'm all for removing those corrupted seats and putting people of worth in their place. I'm also not keen on taking the word of someone else without getting some evidence of our own.


Let's find out what we see first, and then we'll decide.


We'll get there. We can experiment because this is impervious.


What about the hit points that were lowered?


Yeah, ships! That's it!


They're only a couple blocks away?


Oh, great! 16.


Oh, we can make wind.


Sorry, it's a seagull.


Because the basket didn't do anything, I'll summon the falchion and I will run towards the vine.


We can go through it, you can go through it, I can go through it-- well, I have to stay inside it, but (chair squeaks) excuse me.


Oh, the rain has already taken care of most of that.


I'm pretty sure she's the hag.


I can ask. That doesn't mean we're going to get it.


It's something you have to earn. Maybe tomorrow.


Ooh, hey! Is he heavy? Don't you have your own Bag of Holding?


Travis, your face was just like-- That's the most amazing face you just made.


No, no, it's definitely right here.


You're going to do the waterslides, right? You won't ride waterslides?


I was in Emon not that long ago.


It won't just be three.


I guess it will be me.


Code word?


Can we get its attention?


Punch me in the face. Punch me in the face right now!


I want to know about Whitestone. We have a lot a phone calls to make.


Caduceus, you've got a little--


Roll two d8s.


I have 13 hit points.


Just call it cloak number seven.


Where's that? What's that? Is that a town?


Oh, a lot of paper.


Oh, I'm going to spend it, just in case. Proficiency bonus is just your initiative? Where's your proficiency?


Yeah, it's like butter. So...


Is there a payout on this contract?


Well, if you'd like, you could stay at the inn, or we could acquire that boat and once you're on board we could send it out as a sort of a recon.


Just one. There's still one glowing sword.


Acrobatics or athletics? Those are both terrible, okay.


That's true. If the mansion door is open and hidden behind that outcropping of rock there, you leave the door open but behind it, Keyleth could take to the sky, I could find somewhere low and be hidden. I can dart inside. I can be inside in a second.


It's in your notebook somewhere. Your character sheet. You printed it out somewhere, right?


I hit a 23.


Memberships.


I'm going to use Hide in Plain Sight. I'm going to see if I can do this. That sort of ability to camouflage the opening of the cave to where they wouldn't be able to see it.


Let's put a cloak over her, so she looks a little less like a bird.


So it hasn't been a full day. Let's call it an early night.


Grog already sealed it?


Is it trapped?


Well, did you give me dexterity or just stealth? How does that work?


Okay, look. All right. If your father came, and you dislike him very much, right?


I'm going to say I left Nugget downstairs with you guys.


And are we, Without a Trace and Dust of Tracelessness? That's just a one time...


Yeah! And I told him, Grog! Grog gave you those! Remember me!


20 total?


We could call it an outline and then Ogden can fill in the details later.


How much did you say it costs, though?


So irritating.


It does, actually.


It's one foot of water, you probably fell on your back.


I'm tempted to ask you to do it just because I would love to be wrong.


If I use my-- Does that go through the Handcone?


Go again.


How big is the well?


She is an excellent shopper. I'm telling you, you know how you take things' skulls and turn them into like raspberry jam?


I call out as I walk backwards slowly Fjord, you got this? Good. I walk, deadpan, sideways behind that piece of stone. (laughter)


What? Because if the answer is yes, we refuse. This is our leader from now on.


I'll call out to Beau as she's walking off.


Natural 20! (all laugh and cheer)


Yeah, I'm ready.


Is it cocked? It looks cocked.


That's the plan!


Vox Phoebe.


Question. I'm probably out of range. Am I in or out of range, by his face? Probably just out?


Okay, seeing Nott have a hard time, I'm going to pull out that holy water and I'm going to, like a confetti popper, I want to, right over its face, just break it.


Just strength. Thank god for the Titanstone Knuckles.


And a bear?


I'm afraid if we keep waiting, more will just show up.


Perfect! I'm just going to cut myself again on the wooden frame and grab it, and use radiance.


Who is going to go get the little girl?


Let's take a quick look at what we got from the cave.


I'm going to do a Healing Word on Fjord before I start doing another--


Look Sam, what did you do?


That's where all of our crits were going.


You caught it?! You threw it--


Yeah, can we load the latest save file?


If you can wait 60 seconds, I can make us an elemental.


Oh dex saves. Me and Fjord?


Why don't you let Nott look?


The Leaky Tap. Yep.


And how are the brains? Are just brains just floating downstream?


I look back at Vex and I just go--


What kind of dreams of a similar nature?


I do not cannonball!


Aw Kiri.


Wizard's choice. How about just one, and you pick?


All right. I had a funny feeling you would say that. 12.


Let's see. Oh, wait, first of all, they burst into flames, this gentleman burst into flames, and when that happened, what did these gentlemen-- how did these gentlemen react?


Wit and tact. And the number one thing being added to the gunslinger class: knives.


They're musket balls, technically. They're not bullets.


I'm just a snake person!


4d6 plus an additional two or three?


Just right now?


Oh, hi Frumpkin. You're a little, evil creature that drinks blood!


Seeing what's going on-- there's an illithid right behind me, right?


Trinket rolled an 11.


Here, Grog, bag of holding.


I pull the mask down.


It was metaphorical.


Exactly.


No, she's dead now.


Was that during the game?


I can't take it back, what I said. I'm well aware.


I can't, because I have to visualize what it is to pull it out.


It's about 30 seconds.


He realized he was being dumb.


Good morning-- Well, morning to you as well. Did you know?


11, so I'm at 52.


Percy? With your migraine, do you know what else we need to make these trammels?


That's terrible. I'm not okay with that roll.


Oh, great, so there could be more.


I know! We should get him to make us hats!


Oh, God darn it.


I would try Intimidating Presence, but he'll just shrug it off because he's amazing.


Is there any scripture or writing on the--?


Nope. I don't give a fuck right now about that cabinet.


Yeah, let's go to the barracks.


(whispering) There's a lot more guys out there.


17 is my armor class.


We've got plenty.


Vax. Vex.


Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north, in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple, named Lord and Lady Briarwood, came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then, one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot)


Something, even in theory, that we could convince it to take back to its lair. If we still wanted to go with that, we could load the next parcel with something--


Why weren't you stealthing?


The world outside? Who needs the world outside? I have everything here, and what I need, dear boy, I have taken from Kraghammer. All these books over there, you see, those are mine. They should have been mine to begin with, and I took them, and now they are mine. (wheezing laughter)


There's a gold dragon that should be--


Yeah, we're definitely going to plant it on her. Cause some commotion at the top. Caleb, what do you got?


If you were to become, say, a raccoon right now and go running around, that is one time that you cannot become a crocodile to eat somebody's face off.


It's not that he feels unsafe, you can just see-- it's all over his face.


I'm very much about this. We'll get that to-go.


Oh, speaking of-- Before you came down--


But first don't tell him to come right out, tell him to like walk a little bit to see if they follow the light.


Oh, I get a bonus. I will inspire Keyleth. I guess. Not that she needs any help; she's so fricking powerful, but I will inspire Keyleth by singing (singing) Your Minxie brings all the boys to the yard and they're like, it's better than yours, damn right, it's better than yours, you can teach them, but you'd have to "chorge?" (speaking) I don't know.


He has to roll a wisdom saving throw.


If you want to go, too, at the same time. I say a little bit of Infernal, and I'm going to use a blood maledict and make him go blind for a second.


Ask Senokir what he means.


There they go. I got one. I'll just roll it six times.


Oh yes. I'm pulling out the Bad News.


Well, that's who got back to me, was like, I don't know, 40ish.


I'm going to sit down as well. Sit in a little booth in the back corner. Back corner boothin'.


What did we actually get?


Four. Four damage for me. And then I'm going to slide in under this fire giant's legs and go for it with my claws and the Crimson Rite.


I feel like I should have learned some sort of lesson here. I'm just not entirely sure what it was.


Are you sure? I think it'd really make her look really good.


It's just us and Mr. Clay.


It's not far from my hometown either.


We'll stagger back towards the back line of our group.


First roll of the night. Could kill Liam.


Chime in, please.


Oh yeah, you just watched that happen right in front of the door.


Wait! We got those rocks.


I don’t have any dangly bits, I’m sorry to tell you.


The decision was still happening by the time you got to the last letter.


Good, good. Just traveling over these stone structures.


Just actually kill her?


(laughing) Secret cabal, because there are so many of them!


Also, just checking, does my glove still have a charge, by the way?


I'm green.


Yeah. No, I hear you. I don't know if it's for me, either. It was fun.


She hops up there, I run around the back.


Okay. I'm going to use Deflect Missiles for my reaction.


That happened fast.


We're going to time change again here?


We won, guys! They left!


Should I use my fancy hand again?


Aww. I do like dogs very much. This is very cute. Who's this--


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day, he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies, but rarely draws blood, unless it's to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


(whispered) Eight months ago.


It's the magic paintbrush.


I walked away from this one.


Good old Larkin! Come on, Larkin. Bring him down!


Can we maybe borrow your research notes on the Shadowfell? Is that a thing? No? (sighs)


It's pretty amazing, yes. I appreciate this.


Take your time! I'll be around, I want to kill this guy.


You're asleep, though.


Yeah, that's the one he cursed.


Excuse us while we reminisce, apparently.


Yeah, we all run out that--


So five to ten. Five to eleven.


Oh no. Wait, don't you have to roll the constitution?


And the ceiling is--


I'm going to watch this front door and make sure no one else comes down the steps.


That's what I'm after. That is 22.


Those last things sound terrible.


Yeah, I don't know. Don't know anything about this.


You know, I've crafted him some oils with some herbs. He's good. I helped him manscape a bit, it's good.


He's really strong.


Tiberius, do you have any wineskins or anything?


Well, your voice is super sexy tonight, so that's good.


Okay, can I start digging?


Very confusing. Feywild, man.


Okay, can I see the smoke from the fire rising up from what Scanlan did on the other house?


All right. I'm just taking the shot. Taking a shot with the bonus. So that's 14 to hit.


She got a pizza.


What are the fucking chances?!


Also wondering how we're doing in the gloom stalker department?


Because it seems like he's a little weird from it. Nobody else feels that way?


I'm pretty sure I'm going to draw you a cock and balls.


The pre-orders for the Keyfish t-shirt start shipping tomorrow. Outside of that, just go to the shop. Y'all know the drill.


Max Load, got it.


Wait a second, though! God, I don't know what this will do. I have a spell called Zone of Truth.


It's what she's good at.


Oh, Theo, what big teeth you have!


That's on the way.


Or the SS Mistake?


Nonagon! (singing) Na na na-na.


Search. What's his initiative?


Does anyone want to start walking towards the city to see how bad it really is?


I was just wondering. You've had one of these before, yes?


It feels a bit-- broken glass.


Potentially murdered the-- Doty!


I'm going to go up and try to stabby-stab what I can.


That loaded die was the best investment we ever made.


Yes. Yes, there is. You mentioned before, when I asked you last, of the Boros Ring. You revealed that it was in the Fey, the Wild Fen. I am also in search of the item that I did not get to ask you about called the Pale Stone. I wish to know the location of that, as well.


Of course I'm not going to break it!


I don't know if we handled it well.


And it's connected to the Abyssal Plane.


We fucking fly!


It was a big ball of lightning stuff. Your sword fell down. Here.


Wildmount, hm?


Like, magically?


I rolled a seven. That was not a two, it was a seven.


I'll help. I'm going to get some--


Shut your mouth!


I take what?


I'll go knock on the door. It seems like a smallish door, right?


So it looks like those electro-touchy balls? What are those called?


Oh, Grog, actually--


And we here at Critical Role really love organizations like yours, which is why when we started talking, it was such a nice partnership for you to come on and tell us about this organization. Tell everybody where they can find to help, if they wanted to send to GameChanger.


If you're doing a square, it's three feet by three feet.


Okay. I don't understand any of that. But there you have it.


16 is the--


I fly up on my broom and do it to the symbol up on the corner and go (blowing).


What if it's Vera? Do you think it could be Vera?


I grab her and drag her right back to the pond.


Some people can't hold their liquor. It's really embarrassing.


Is she doing a standard healing here? Is my song of rest going to help at all?


Before we take a short rest may I, again, use Awakened Mind, just to see how far away we are.


Good. You guys are back, everybody's safe, everything's good?


Fear of god.


It's just a one-er?


I feel funny. I don't know-- for the sake of actual sanity, does she actually have the piece of paper that he wrote down?


Ninja sharks.


Yeah. Am I looking out? Do I recognize anything that we're passing?


Well, I want to make it like a fog cloud over top, so we're blinded by--


Yeah. The big zombie beast especially was using a lot of, like, sticks and stuff to attack people more than any kind of mouth. (laughter)


Advance?


We may end up somewhere random.


I'm coming with Grog.


Let's fucking do this shit! Let's do it! Let's do it!


It's not gonna be good.


Wow. Wow. Hit after hit after hit today, Taliesin.


Castle courtyards.


Can I go forward into the bookcases and look right and left to see where they lead?


I go back to rearranging the shelf.


In the water, then lightning the water? That's good.


--They won't find us.


Oh no! Really?


You said you weren't going to bring the Deck of Many Things into the game, and then you did!


Oh, so what did you do? What did you do?


She's got the hipster glasses to prove it.


I'm gonna go outside with her and just hover on the broom to keep an eye.


This was taken care of, in their minds. I say we squeeze Grog and Trinket in here.


16, am I right? 16. Okay.


That is what I'm talking about. Mollymauk is dead. Three are not, not yet, and we have invested a lot of time into forging this alliance we are in, Nott. I'm not proposing a head-to-head confrontation. Maybe. I want to know where they are, I want to know what conditions they're in. I'm not willing to walk away from this.


Yeah. That's how my ring works, as well. It's a level-5 Ring of Storing.


They wander everywhere.


I have to say everything?


66! Here comes the second dagger into him at advantage.


He's raging! He doesn't have logic!


That was the thin red line, Travis.


Why is my brain tingling? Is someone noodling around inside there?


If she hits me very hard, I am a dead man. If she hits me very hard, I'm probably okay.


I'll do something and I'll say  Caduceus, can you talk to them?


No, I know. Oh, shit.


Oh, hey, he made the introductions, folks.


Shall we make our way back downstairs to see what this rod does in the little hole?


We did! Oh my god!


It's less about strength and more about a cutthroat attitude. Take no prisoners. Hold back nothing. Pull no punches.


Hey, look, some things don't change. (all laugh)


Yeah, in between those two.


Oh my gosh, Laura, hold up my boxes. Do you have items that need to be put inside boxes when you're not holding dice? Because Wyrmwood Gaming makes boxes for your dice and if you use the code "critrole"--


Woohoo!


What a dicklord. You did not throw out the paper.


I pull out my crystal and I call upon the great power of Trinket. I choose you.


I don't have the mansion.


Do you guys have one of those?


Oh wait, wait.


On-- if they're within ten feet, I can hit all three of those guys right there.


I'm going to really enjoy it.


How about you refill my cask of ale instead?


Of people in dragon masks.


DM, could you say that crazy-ass name again?


If they chase the jewel, we can grab it and run, anyway.


It's riboflavin.


(whispered) Talk to him about fighting first.


For how long?


He bought the ticket.


We just heard you're so impressive and masculine.


That is just disgusting.


Should be texting that fast.


You have AC 17?


Maybe not ever again, that's what it sounded like.


Smithe Durban is, knows, or has a gimp. (laughter)


Okay. Balls. Eight, nine, ten.


No sign of Bouldergut?


Can we tell who's in the most danger at this point?


Can I trace back a hundred yards and Dust of Tracelessness it, from where we came?


That's dumb. (laughter)


Greg, could you please show him-- I have to sign it with my own name, I imagine, anyway-- Can you show him the--


Yeah, it was honestly-- this is why I don't wear white.


I'm going to go find the other bottle of mead. Drink until I am more than intoxicated--


Like the one we fought in J'mon's.


Oh, definitely not. Just doesn't even move. That's a seven.


To go with this, once I have deciphered it for them.


Oh. Can I reroll?


I mean, I can.


Just get you up? Okay. 1d4 plus something?


I'm keeping a lookout.


You are his blood?


Slightly hotter, okay.


All right. We'll figure out--


Okay. Before we head down?


I'm going to stay a shark and follow in the water.


Yes? Hello.


Caleb's going to be all the way back there.


Trash chute.


The last one, last one  Excavation.


Yeah! Get in there, tank!


Or I can just go in.


All I've heard was "Scanlan.'" (laughter)


Hey guys, Ivan here, the host of Game the Game, on Geek & Sundry's new Twitch channel. I'm here with Becca, Ify, and Hector, to get you excited about International Tabletop Day. So International Tabletop Day is going to be on April 11th, and all of our friends at AEG have brought us an amazing edition of Love Letter in order to play with you today. That's right nerds. It's Batman Love Letter. Now Batman Love Letter is a game of logic, deduction, and risk, in which you try to capture or hold the highest value card in your hand by the end of the rounds. In the meantime we'll all be playing cards in order to eliminate each other. But whoever has the highest-value card at the end of the round will win a token. So who will be the greatest detective in all of Gotham? It's gonna be Batman.


I go along the rope, and tighten the rope as I land.


I can't tell if you're lying to me or not.


That I believe.


Would you like to be young again?


Do you have a quill? Can you write it in? Can you write something in the book?


I go up and I give Molly a slap on the ass.


No! Why would you do that?!


I'm going to take my sword and I'm going to go into the room and I'm going to lay my sword on the ground. Copper is a conductor. I'm having that thought. I'm going to try and slide my sword towards the center of the room and see if I can cause a short. With the piece of metal and get a positive and negative charge to hit and see if I can get a reaction.


What's our angle here, gents?


A lot of hard work, but I learned something from it.


Caleb, I love you, but we are missing out on other shit. I'm having extreme FOMO right now. Come on.


How great is that thing?


Dottie is coming with you.


Save. You got it, smash it. You're rolling the bad dice again.


Like it's day one. Vox Machina, let's do this!


Titicaca.


Yeah, throw a torch in.


He's not fine.


Blindness/Deafness is not concentration. Yeah, it's just a minute.


I pat your head. You know, it's a lot of stress. You're learning still.


Nobody else is coming?


So unless we're getting supplies and we need to travel with a lot of things, then, you know, we don't actually need passage.


Oh, the hat.


You're wearing the shirt, even.


Hilda. You could just help out, but maybe leave her in charge? She seems like a--


Good times, good times.


Come here, Trinket.


Wow, this isn't good at all. Wow, cool. All I have left is a Thunderwave.


Oh. Five feet. We could jump across them?


We just killed Fjord's family.


Just tell me when, and I will be probably be 20 minutes late.


Okay, let's get up this river before I lose concentration.


I can see Grog.


What? Oh god! Jesus! Balls!


I have a mounting sense of dread.


The tail. (laughter)


The nergaliid!


Yes, Kevdak is the center square.


My hand is on Keg's shoulder in case things go to shit.


Cool. And you're getting wisdom. You have advantage on wisdom, you have advantage on charisma. Then right before you go in, I'm going to give you guys both a resistance bump before we push them through the door. Just in case you need it.


-- hello, goodbye, please, thank you, left, right.


I will attack with a crossbow bolt. 24.


I've got the three that we had, and then I've got the fourth, super-- That's a--


Man, every time, Scanlan, every time.


Don't let it get caught.


Up.


Eventually! I put my bag back on.


I've moved on from Scanlan, and I've cut my hair as a sign of change.


We have party members who can regrow his hand.


I like manacles.


I put my hand out and touch his nose and tell him it's okay.


No, I'll get young again.


Try not to stab any random people on your way there, Flynn. You're doing good.


(gasps) Oh my god, every time it's amazing. Wow, thank you. Thank you all. Where are we?


Turn them lemons--


I'm going to use my legendary resistance.


That's 11 points of normal damage, five points of psychic damage and two points of necrotic-- piercing damage. He has to save against a constitution saving throw. Against 20.


Marty McFly's holding a photograph.


Do you want this? I don't. You can have it.


What was it hiding as, by the way?


Guys...


Going, pour some Scanlan on you! When you need a hand! That's all I've got.


Did they seem rusted?


Hell yeah, Scanlan! Hell yeah. (All laugh.)


It does succeed.


God damn doors.


They’re looking at him, but you were running away.


I think you guys should hang back, and we should stealth over and see how many it looks like we're dealing with.


I've had shorter conversations with family members. What's your name?


Just roll the dice.


We want to make the means to make sure that when the time comes, we can destroy them all in one fell swoop.


Is that what they would've done to Grog?


That's five points of damage.


No. Dottie is not coming with me.


Cool, tight. All right, then I'm going to attack him with a needle arrow. Natural one. I'm going to attack him with another.


The risk here is that by destroying Vorugal--


And everybody sees everybody, right?


To be fair, he did say that.


I shouldn't have touched this die. This die has been nothing but trouble.


18, plus 23, 26. 35 points of damage.


If anybody can do it, it's you.


I'll--


Sure. Why not? Always say yes.


I can hook you up. I have a kit.


How bad was your first one?


Woo! Yeah!


And Dashilla lives to keep being a legend.


How far away is Draconia from here? Travel wise?


Vox Machina is here, he knows us.


Right in the crotch.


Yeah, I want to go up where all the little thingies are.


Touch it, meaning his penis.


Ohhh!


Do you have a sample?


We're not killing anything?


I think, you know, they worked so hard on making a commercial, so we should let them--


Keyleth! Can I borrow you over here?


Wow, wow. Wow.


Rarely. I have, but I got my Matt Colville meteorite.


Are you guys just passing through? Where's your next destination?


Take this spoon?


I was working at the one on the shoulder, so I'm going to go for the one I've been working on. Rappel over, grab it, and then rappel back in.


All right, just checking.


Maybe not many, though.


If the vestiges will be functional while I'm in animal form.


I can re-mist.


No, that's an attack.


Yeah, whatever. 11. And eight. 19 total.


A little salsa?


Don't make a scene, either. It's important.


Yeah. I would like-- and I would like to swing twice with Craven.


I'm curious if we could uh, it was Ermergerd, right?


I go to the crack. Pop-Pop Wilhand! It's Pike!


Yeah. (chants) Dax-i-o. Dax-i-o.


Can I roll an insight check?


So we'd steal both of them. [cheering]


Okay. That would probably be a good idea.


As she finishes that, I dispel Alter Self.


Okay, ignore that.


Oh no he didn't.


I can cast the spike-growth thing again.


I walk really quickly.


Allura, do you still feel a connection with the soul stone that's inside of Thordak?


Well, aren't we going to try and steal it once we see it? Or are we really going to try and purchase it?


I'm so close.


It's like brushing your teeth, only you get drunk.


I'm always satisfied. (laughter)


It's just a nervous tic. I'm a nervous fellow. Sorry.


So there's a huge-- so technically, the spiders could crawl up the ceiling and drop down on us?


They're an army.


All right, that is pretty cool, Vex. That's pretty badass.


Taliesin's outside.


You were. You're not anymore, as if you've been dared, somehow.


Okay. Yeah, I'm into this. Do people have abilities to make sure these people stay back and don't rush us while we get through?


Mm, you earned it.


Oh, no, but I mean, we need to find like books about civilizations that might've been here in the past that might get us some sort of-- Like a library. Is there a library?


Then the log coming down!


I hope so. I hope we didn't put all of our eggs in one basket and then burn the omelet. Yeah.


I do. Come in here, I'll take them off your hands.


Something for Pickle.


Sure. Here's where the Luck is. Yeah. Persuasion, you say?


Can you believe how rude these people are?


Not Reggie!


Yeah, exactly. Fuck it. Do it!


Can I take a look at it?


I want to see you naked.


If I shoot the thing, the people inside will die. (nervous laugh)


Do we have a room?


That's very open to interpretation.


I can do things again.


I believe her, actually.


Keep them from running away.


You know, yeah. Can I go downstairs and ask about stables? Maybe he can stay in the stables.


Yeah, what don't I have back there?


Ooh, that's tough.


You don't think we'll have to?


She's really scary.


Can I use the Chain of Returning to throw my axe at him?


Okay, so that is (adding) 41, as I fly past into the door. Use Lay on Hands twice. There's nothing in the book that says I can only use it once a turn. So I'm going to use the first time I use it to cast Neutralize Poison on her, and the second time I'm going to use it to give her one hit point. It doesn't say anything in the book about amount per turn.


Maybe we should stagger.


Yeah. I'm going to skip Disengage and fly backward towards the end of the hall he came out of.


Surely neither of us are evil, Beauregard.


I'll just roll this one four times, it's fine. 17?


Vecna's been busy. Okay. This is going to get interesting.


What d'you mean?


(whispers) Oh, it's 30--


Can we frisk him while we're waiting?


Whether you realize it or not, I gave you that gold. People don't take money from Shakäste. [cheering]


Yeah, I'm not much of a shopper.


I may be here next week.


You forgot--


Yeah, we're here, we're watching it, right?


So Nott gets frozen too?


Swing away.


I'm going to use the broken tables and swords to barricade the front windows or holes, I'm not sure which they are, but I'm going to barricade them. And the door, use the sword to jam the door shut.


Shh. He's picking a lock. Be very quiet.


What should we do? Command us.


I have a Flame Tongue Dagger.


Oh. Oh, wait, I thought you weren't poisoned-- oh, you need healing because you are--


Snake attack!


No. I stay behind.


That's true. That's what we did.


Okay. Do I have a clean line of sight on her? Or are we too far away?


The ranger with the bear named Trinket, in case you didn't catch that. His name is Trinket and he's amazing.


We have a dwarf with us who wanted to actually say hello to--


Just because it's sweet doesn't mean that it's savory or satisfying.


You ever winked at anybody?


Ho, nelly.


Fair enough. Well, I wish you the best.


We have to get people out.


No, I use my Beast Shaping.


Can we throw a little light down there to see if anything tries to bite at it?


Nice, what the heck!


And uncle?


It might be good to let her know where we're going, in case she wants to find us.


At the base of the structure it's doing that?


I agree with Molly.


(Grog voice) I would like to rage!


She's going! She's doing it. She's so teeny compared to him!


(gasping) Oh my gods! What if, now that the gray thing is in you, the wizards in town will be able to sense you?


Oh boy. We'll be making an appearance--


The first unexplored room.


Is that-- it-- yeah, yeah, yeah.


But I think I didn't handle it right. But I went to Vasselheim, and I had this other guy pick a card. You know?


How much money did that cost?


Or two. Okay.


Hmm. So as we expected, yeah.


Hey, Grog!


There's a casino?


What is that little dancer toy? Between the three red mushrooms on the shelf behind you, is that a music box there?


It breaks in half. Super old, it doesn't work.


Well, here's the thing are we trying to actually-- We're not trying to get inside the temple.


I need popcorn for this.


Yeah. Yeah, Tary gave them to me.


It's maybe-- it's gilding the lily, perhaps.


Not great. Seven.


I feel it coming! Hit me!


Definitely some magically frozen daiquiris.


Laura, put him in the dice jail.


It actually is really perfect.


It's an honor.


Let's just have a conversation about this. We're adults.


Do you know Lydia?


Scanlan will.


My head's pretty fragile as it is.


They seemed legit! They seemed like they were street kids.


I can't. I gave Vax Foresight. I cannot turn into a beholder today.


Oh my god, can you make me smoke bombs that smoke, and I say, "It's morphin time"?


Well, I don't know. But I know that I can be of use.


And I add it to what, my constitution?


Oh, quick, Vorg--


Oh my god, I can't believe you were that young.


What if we put you, like, in a potato sack? So, you've still got your armor but it just doesn't twinkle.


Expensive-ass wine.


Percival, don't!


Yes, of course. See? Another case cracked. It was Ornna.


So good. Again. For, like, the hundredth time. You know, I mean, there's merch in the store right now. These dice bags that I'm holding in my hand. I literally just happened to be holding it as you asked me that, which is crazy. There's a very small amount of them left, I happen to know.


I've still got my tent, so, sure.


I release an arrow!


I like it better when he's saying, "Fuck yourself."


Are you going to bring back Scanlan?


You don't want to go to Zadash, is that right?


Maybe? His name's Champ. Told you it was a shitter! Yeah, you might know me. Hey, are your bosses around bosses around by any chance?


Maybe they saw everybody knows the legend of the little devil girl who drowned a hundred years ago.


With like an ice-type of thing--


Ooh! You know what? We could like send it into the plane where Craven Edge is and we'll take the sword out and put the book in in its place.


