Within how many feet?


The con. Ah! That's good. That's a good start. 27.


Oh, I get a choice?


How about we rent them, and if they don't make their way back we'll pay you the difference?


Is that how Message works?


Sorry, focus!


Okay. Instead, I'll use my bonus action to cast Hunter's Mark.


We gotta find a priest.


Do you want to see them? Would that make you feel better?


Run! Yeah run! We run back to town. Fuck the perimeter search.


Oh, so, 36--


We are best friends.


No, eff it, I'm going to use my last Luck of the day. Ugh, barely any better. 16.


We're all getting arrested now!


You thinkers better think.


We also don't know where we're sleeping tonight, or whether or not it's even permissible. We should probably have a conversation with whoever's in charge. Is your father in charge?


That's how the empire works.


Oh yeah, could you carry me?


On the medicine, yeah.


How do I do that?


He's expending power, as well.


Good, I'm glad I used that last little thing. (laughter)


Through my Hand Cone of Clarity!


I'd like to use my first Luck on him, so he has to roll again.


So this guy's like the Pope of Kord?


Remember what?


Yeah. He's got like no hit points as an eel.


What about if you're in a strange tunnel? And you can't see anybody. Do you heal?


My only concern is if we draw them out, there could be more than us, right? I just want to get a quick peek, if we can.


Okay, good, because the first roll was a one. The second roll was a 19.


Can we surround the hut?


I don't think I can reach. I don't think I'm in range. Did you see that?


(whispering) I think it saw Grog.


I'm going to try and use Thaumaturgy through the door to see if I can affect the flame before we enter.


Can I wake up and come out into the hallway?


Yeah, seven points!


Yes! Okay. I missed you.


Oh, we're not-- we don't need that yet, where's he going to go?


But you have to sign this poster. (laughter)


All right, I've got five pounders, eight pounders, 12 pounders, short fuses and a 20 pound keg.


After they get away, I want to climb down and gather the feathers that they left behind.


You guys are friends, right?


Not again.


Yeah, we can take ten minutes, we'll set out a little perimeter just to make sure we deflect any unwanted--


I did! 19! Thank you, Gil.


It's pretty far, actually.


Do you guys need to go to bed or something?


All right. Give me the boots. I'm putting the boots on.


Can we move his muscles or is he frozen?


We just had three fights in the same day.


Why don't you marry her? TALIESIN This whole fight's going to end with us kissing. We're going to start making out. It's going to be a big ugly makeout.


I'm sure he found something. 11.


I don't want to know how it's done.


That's what we were told is the best seat in the house.


It's amazing. Anastasia Steele fell in love with Christian Grey just like that? Amazing! (all laugh)


Tracy the bowman.


(shouting) No, we don't want to!


Not a god yet.


Didn't you just get some card or something right at the end of--


I'm running up the wall.


Well maybe we should do some snooping around town and find out if there indeed is a war before we leave town.


I have a forgery kit, you guys!


What are things like this considered? Creatures or golems?


It's basically the same as what they just did.


You told us your famous phrase  all risk! That's what this is.


I haven't taken a shift yet.


Not whispering sweet nothings in his ear.


There's only 26 people up there. On our last count.


No, this could be funny, let this happen.


This is just what you're going to be doing.


Oh my god. This is so fucking bad, is what this is about to be. Oh my god, this is going to be so-- let me get these additional dice. Okay, so let's start doing this. Do all of the dice rolls get doubled?


Yeah. How could you forget that?


If you were a dragon, what would you do?


Is anybody looking at Trinket weird, or is it okay? He's with us.


The world would be a better place with more D&D.


Knock me out and take me to a temple.


He's been like this.


What kind of armor is it out of?


I'm really hurt and I just took nine points of damage.


Somebody would have to have rather powerful abilities to see through an illusion spell like a disguise or such. It's like a rakshasa could see though that kind of thing, per experience. I doubt that the Briarwoods have any--


Allergic to hell.


He was the first one out of the light.


No, you can pick a card.


Well, I'm meaning simply as a strategy. Should we use something to distract them? Since they're already not looking our way, so that we could get a few shots at their back.


I slept in the crow's nest.


Since there are things that'll be snagging bitches when we get separated.


What'd you kill, in the year that you had off?


Can I roll for initiative?


(shouting) Keyleth! No! No! And I run over and pick her up off the bottom, which is essentially suffocating her, right?


(laughs) Yeah, so 13.


Or just out of waxed cloth?


I can only, I think, investigate one person-- or gnome-- at a time, but then I can move the spell to other people. Let me-- Doty, give me my notes on the spell that I took. Hold on.


You're an ex-cultist.


Whose turn is it to get him up?


Because you made a Wall of Stone.


That covers quite a bit of it, at this point.


All right, so he's still got a reaction. Just checking.


Pow, pow, pow, pow.


That was amazing. I don't feel good.


Make him into a chicken.


Mm, sounds tasty. Can--


Maybe they just turned into an asshole.


Bramble shot.


All I'm saying, Lady Kima, is that after what we have done and what we have been through and the lives and the blood that even I have on my hands, you had better be worth it.


I don't think we had a name for them. Profite-roll for initiative?


Sounds like a challenge!


Ravendreamer  "Cheers and godspeed to the bold members of Critical Role for supporting reading in children."


JB? Can I talk to you for just a minute?


No! No, don't consider it Pike, no!


It's a barricade.


I've got an Orthax plan, never mind. I've just given the game away!


Maybe the alchemy jug?


Apple juice for you, little one!


I'm going to cast Mage Hand and try to pick-- well, let's see, can I unbuckle the satchel thing or would it be easier to just get in a pocket?


Is it the same color as his Knuckles?


I'm going to go-- How far away are the doors on the sides?


I'm sorry. You have a nice selection here. Do you mind if I ask-- I haven't seen any other booksellers of any kind in town. I'm not really looking for anything on farming, so much. Is there anywhere else I could look into?


I will use my bonus action to... Well, I'll use my movement to sort of tuck back into the hallway there.


They can see!


I mean, I can swim. What if you give me the coin--


How many d6s?


He’s hurt.


I never said that before. I got to remember.


Come on! Come on, Nott!


I'll hop on the broom with Vex.


Do I have advantage because I'm behind Trinket or anything? Do I have cover?


Does it have a door?


Oh my god, if she dies, we're fucked


Heh, that's so cool.


Can I do a religion check on the statue?


Kill something.


Can I try reading the runes?


Maybe you fellows could help me pick a title. Here's what I have so far.


That's insight?


It's me, the goblin, by the way.


I'll also humanize myself and put together something that looks appropriate for the sort of people I've seen walking around. Lot of pearlescent whites and greens.


What's the ring do?


Yeah. Bonus action. Am I within range of any of my friends to inspire them?


Maybe we should try-- Does anybody have any healing? I know Pike isn't here, but--


Yeah. I'm going to stay.


Boats in New York.


Yeah, look what it did to you!


I pick up Pike and put her on my shoulders. Get on the dragon.


I grab the nose piece and go (fwoosh) (impact).


Which one? I am lying!


We're having bread pudding for dessert.


I just don't want to wait so long that she gets the upper hand on us. The longer we wait, the more she learns about us. The more we're letting her in, the more we're revealing. I feel like the longer we wait, the closer is her inevitable betrayal.


Teach me.


Well, I'd like to leave room for other artwork, as well. We'll say 20 by six.


(voice cracking) Emotional cry!


Oh, gimme that flying carpet.


Guys, I'm fine. (laughter)


No, they don't!


He tried to and I try to make a jab.


It's like, all over the place next to dick pics.


But he could Counterspell it unless I do it now.


I brought this for good luck today. (laughter)


That's not a real name!


It's more of a surprising round.


(Brooklyn accent) We're going to Florida! (cheers)


You ever stepped on an anthill, right? It gets real nasty, real fast.


Like this. Well, you know--


Utugash. Utugash! Grog! By that wall!


Fuck. Seven.


Are there torches in this hallway?


Like, five heads.


If you want some autographs--


Bunch of assholes!


Maybe we have to go back to the circus.


Everyone looks right? So if we're looking this way, "Hi, Matt!"


But you people have to be near me when I do this. How is that going to happen?


Unless it's still blocking the way because the door won't open, so we have to go up and over the fucking door. So that's what we have to do.


I wonder how. I wonder if there's an underground passage that people aren't seeing or something. Or maybe they can go invisible. Or maybe they have an airship! Or maybe they can turn into mist, and fly through the air where people can't see them. I've heard of people doing that.


You're a freak of nature, man.


That's right. 12 plus psychic damage, honey.


Let's just sit here until it's Crash Pandas tomorrow.


I mean we've all read stories of sea creatures. I'm just vibing here, go with me. The point is--


I don't know. I think that they're trying to cover something.


Jocks. We're here. Get used to it. (laughter)


No! I am sincere!


Because that feels like a fever-dream. That happened, you saw that.


Do you have any awake?


Oh yeah, oh yeah, and his wife. And Doctor Strange.


That hits, all right. And then the second attack, which'll also have advantage, is 23.


Okay. Is it see-able now? I want to make sure. Go follow them. They deserve it.


Put my clothes in the corner.


You know, we've always found that very offensive. I just want to say that.


Both me and my invoked Jester go  Ooh.


Can I have the thingie?


Yes, handle this child, but then we're very curious to ask a couple-- I'll shut up.


That I'm game with


Oh. Five and a-- Oh, sorry. It was so pitiful. 16 and--


Out of the cancerous tree.


Aren't those going to be obvious?


You actually I don't think have Pass without Trace because I Invoked Duplicity, but whatever.


Nicely done, Matt.


Oh, wait! I took a potion. I took a potion! I said it on the last turn, and I didn't use it.


Oh. I don't know. It's a big weapon.


Why? Why would you do this?


That is very impressive. You're not wrong.


"The trail's going cold!"


Just churning bubbles and stuff.


Is he within a hundred feet?


Sprinting from the airport.


We turn on him.


Who needs healing?


Wednesday.


Mm-hmm. You had a candied apple. You should be fine.


Seems like a place of worship or devotion, and we didn't want to mess with it.


I can cancel that.


It seemed like it had Dimension Door properties, but I don't know if it was necessarily at full Dimension Door strength.


You got a thousand subscribers. (group cheers)


30-something.


And then I'm going to roll on the ground.


What's against the law here?


See that, Scanlan? That says something like Apollo Justice something.


Laura will read it in Ashley's voice.


We're figuring it out.


Trouble?


I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Hexblade's Curse on this giant. Hyuck Hyuck! I'm going to summon my Wastehunter falchion, two-handed, and I'm going to cut into his thigh.


Not that it matters; fury of the small is six points of damage, so it would have been 34 points of damage.


Frightened or charmed, it's not the same thing?


Yeah, I actually. I get five constitution, and I rolled an 18.


I missed you all so much.


I might not ever ask you again, but right now, yes.


Oh man, put us in a Strahd campaign.


We're following her, right?


We got super busy.


So. Sick.


South of Whitestone?


Right. You ran into our ship!


Oh, Jesus. Okay, okay. 14-- 19!


Can that dude see me from where I am?


You have the sage, still?


I think the dragon's lair is that way.


Yeah, that's true. I hate guilt.


But it's so rewarding, Matthew.


I open up my pouch, and I've got zero personal gold. Just party funds.


That hits. That's a natural 16. And that's seven damage.


Yeah, crests up and pokes his eye nubs out of the water.


I take a pinky-smear--


Two and a half years in and Keyleth has just learned our names.


Good boy. (all laugh)


Once a year, I can do that. It takes a year to rest.


Yeah. Nope. No. Doesn't hit.


I'll join in that.


I will take that as a yes. I am glad we are doing business with this gentleman.


Orly.


It is a fun idea--


Or we take the horse and cart at reasonable speed.


Stop by the ocean?


Put your hands in it.


23 doubled, quadrupled--


Beau?


I light Vax's fire in the meantime.


I think you just hit Whitestone. (all laugh)


I'm the oldest.


I forgot to tell you, there are multiple versions of Pumat. Apparently the other ones are called "Me me."


Yeah, we'll make a decision.


But did you say, on the right, is it going down, or is it coming down?


You could either dispel it or you could flee.


Whose vomit was this?


Gross. That's foul, Keyleth.


It's ten gold.


Does he seem like a nice dad?


Ja, morgen. Guten morgen.


Give me my pencil, though. No!


I know what that feels like.


Chief.


Like bad drugs?


Do they have a weapons closet?


Of course. Can you not use your wings?


Well, it's got to eat something. This is what it's producing, and it's got to eat something.


Why don't you take off the damage you did and reroll as eights?


Oh, okay, that's fine.


I think that would look better on your middle finger, darling.


Are there actual knives stuck in--


I'll do persuasion.


Any other safe houses? Potential candidates?


Oh, no. I built with you in mind.


He hasn't been the same since he left the Fugees.


Right, Pike, but man, that was rough.


Well, show me how far--


We didn't go down to the water's surface though, did we?


To surviving.


I have a reaction! Can Keyleth the ellie try to grab it?


AC is 23.


Okay. Dexterity saving throw. Okay. 21.


Well, I tend to employ people on a month-by-month basis, and you get a cut of the treasure as we go, of course. We can work out the particulars, but are you in fact, guns and-- or, not guns. Swords-for-hire?


How do you know it's him?


Is there a guy next to you?


Brave new world.


Still want to split the party?


Fuck yes! 19, 20, 21. 22!


What guards?


Oh, it would be amazing. I've done it. It's great, but this is nice, too.


Well, you want to bed down with a terrifying artifact of awesome power?


What happens at level 20?


One plus one plus two plus one.


I take off running in that direction.


Snitches get stitches-- wait--


Yes, it was a field of broken glass and bone, and I feel like this is it.


Let's do a 16 there.


Do you have any of that paper that I have been purchasing so much of?


Does the yogurt come before or after? Really looking forward to that.


Can I stay close to the surface of the water?


Oh, him, not our crewmate.


I want to take both of those shots, and try and graze his collarbones with both those shots. It'll heal, but he's gonna have a really hard time lifting his arms, for like the next couple months.


I'm gonna keep concentrating.


(laughter) You're such a dick!


Yeah, but he keeps healing--


Oh, wait. Oh, no.


Bluffing. How do you know I wasn't?


What’s wrong, Caleb?


13 for my nature check? Not that great, it's all right.


Okay. Cool. That's just my reaction.


Keeping an eye out for old, craggly sailor-types.


That shouldn't be a problem. Mostly we are looking for Lord Greyspine, if I recall. We have business with him.


Don't destroy their faces!


Get upstairs! I'll hold him off!


I do a lot of reading of spells and not a lot of paying attention, you guys.


Let's power walk.


If it's the Pittsburgh, then we should go now, because everything closes at five.


Most of us can see in the dark, it's not a big deal.


That is a great hat.


Yeah he is, motherfucker.


Well, you can stay at my place.


Thank you. You're so complimentary. It makes me a little nauseous.


When we get back to the group, I'm going to toss the arm to Grog.


Oh yes (jibberish).


Racial traits. Darkvision. 60 feet.


Never mind. Yeah, I'll bring my Spiritual Weapon with me and then I guess I'll keep going.


I don't think it changes your weight.


Yeah, kill him.


Well, it's something, isn't it?


Oh, you're going to be so helpful in this! You're the ship's navigator. I dub thee The Mist navigator.


Yeah. Anyway, we went there. I studied for a year. I worked so hard. It came easier to me than the other two, but they were also very accomplished. There were other students from other parts of the Empire there, and a little over a year of learning all they had to impart, I met a man named Trent Ikithon. He became our teacher.


I thought you said you were going to be brief. (laughs)


I didn't think to say anything.


Yes, let's shake the ground so however well he thinks he can aim takes him off kilter.


Through the Hand Cone, I will say, don't you know smoking is the number one cause of cancer and emphysema and will shorten your life by an estimated ten to 20 years? It's not cool, and you shouldn't do it.


No, well--


But I can talk to him?


We'll make our way below deck to see what we can see.


Oh man. Nice.


Yeah. And because he was hot.


(newscaster voice) A rash of wild dicks have appeared in Wildemount and through the Dwendalian Empire. No one can explain the huge dongs protruding from walls, sculptures, and holy places.


My symbol to the Traveler.


Well, they're all one hive-mind, right? Listen. This is number five tonight.


I would if it were underwater because I would not be there to prevent it.


If you got a thicker cloak, it would look real good with it.


Yeah, okay. I lean over it, and my eyes are huge, twice the size of my head. Not twice the size, sorry. They take up half my head.


No, he was a good guy. You did good, kid.


Okay. Yeah, okay, that's not great.


I flirt with Allura.


You're all so fancy.


Okay, I'm going to use Luck. My last Luck. That's not good. So constitution save?


Oh, I don't have this book, it's in the Monster Manual.


If Gradon is here, is that his name? Gradon?


They're all hot.


She's beautiful.


You're going to shroom your tits off.


I'm going to suggest to him that he is an honorable man and we had a deal. And that he should honor it, to the fullest extent of the word.


What are we at?


As if I didn't know that coming in.


He's talon into forearm, let's just be honest.


I took, how much damage did I take?


Saw a question about Percy's home, and his family. Percy has a really really big family, that I don't mention in the video, and he has not been home yet. He has no interest in going home yet, 'cause that's terrifying. So we have not dealt with that.


Well, she gave you the money.


I am watching this--


Are they attacking Percy?


Did you get it? Yeah! Real-life hero.


Did you kill any of the children that made fun of you?


20 points?


Well we'll tag team it, then.


Wait, do I have advantage for that? Still? Do I still have advantage for that?


Taliesin and I can't sew that fast, okay?


Thanks, Tristan.


Yeah, that's the tree. Yep, that one's the wiener.


Wait, think about his sheets! What a disaster his sheets must be!


When you put it like that.


I'm fine, Christopher.


Fair enough. Can I appear right next to this gentleman on his reverse? There you go. I will break my--


We should take the grain for our horses.


You have a beautiful singing voice. Thank you very much for the performance. You have a very charming daughter.


Okay, I did it already. Ooh!


Raw silk and tattered clothes, just rags, terrible gray things.


So the three of us are up.


You're going to wait here for me, right?


Okay, so I roll--


Any supplies list? Any inventory  canvas on board, things to make supplies?


One hour in. 90 minutes.


No, I wanted to put it two feet away from him.


Can I ask an out-of-character question? As a citizen of the Empire, how much does Caleb already know about the Cobalt folk?


We've been here before?


Does he seem full of shit to me?


Right, so what did I say for the first two?


Yeah, so now I--


Oh, you know. Moving on up.


You keep your bonuses.


Give it to Keyleth, she'll try anything! (laughter)


Vax, you're going to be okay. Take my hand. This is going to be okay. We're going to figure this out.


Just shifty, rogue-y underbelly types?


How much for that shield?


Now I'm angry.


We going to talk to these people?


Maybe we can post up and see, or just walk on in.


I don't want to put it down.


-- do you just feel better, are you healed or are you just not hungry anymore?


Okay, okay, okay. No, I think it's at the top of its turn, isn't it, that you said?


You know, the other characters can make insight checks too, you know that, right?


Yes, ill.


Throw some light in there.


I'll take the last watch. Is it at night at all?


Thank you, Percy.


So we're still north of the Crispvale Thicket.


I place them down on the bed and go through the process of casting Identify on them. It takes about ten minutes.


There's vomit and eggs everywhere!


Three? Oh, not as good. (counting) Plus seven, still? Or that was a one-time?


Maybe place an order or get her attention so I can go snag it real quick.


Both of you guys got big damage.


Not the kind of reward he's already offering you. We come bearing an offering from Sovereign Uriel himself in exchange for this man. I reach into my bag and I produce--


Maybe. We're going to keep our eyes on the islands as we proceed, but I do recall it being under the depths.


But there's no sneak attack on these--


(tearfully) My sister's gonna get everything. All the money. The whole business. The compound, the villas, everything. He's giving it to my sister unless I prove myself. All right? I just came out here to prove myself to my old man. And I know that if I do, he will respect me finally, and he will give me my money, and my trust fund, and he will give me my villa, and I will be the guy who takes over the business. And I just-- I thought that I could. But I can't. And I neeeed to. (all laugh)


'Cause why not?


What's in it?


It's in the Bag of Holding, right?


I take it back, and I sit down, and I cross my knees. I put it in my lap, and it's like this giant beach ball. I do this same movement where I pull it from the top around so that it opens up, and then I can use my thumb. You see my fingers are actually long and slender and perfectly suited for this. It pushes around the other side, doing the same movement I did before.


Toss the nitwit through the door.


Make the wind your bitch.


I want to do it.


Oh, no, it's one of those things again, just go around it!


But I'm a dinosaur!


I'm only burning the dead ones! (fire billowing)


That's true. How's that all going?


I was taking notes!


He wanted to become the Prince of the Undead, right? Am I saying that right? No no no.


You've had that carpet for a while?


I mean, life needs aloe to live. Is something I always say.


Yeah. I wasn't going to tell you.


I'm sure chat room was.


No one? All right, I'm going to go do a quick pass. (laughs)


I do have Luck.


Wisdom saving throw of 15.


Can I use my Second Wind? Just because.


You assume I'm down there, I guess.


Don't you fucking do this to me.


Just go with it, go with it.


Let's get her out of there.


Wait, how did that happen?


Here I'll show you. Sorry, guys, you don't get to see-- But it's like this, Liam--


Up or down?


Right next to the boiler room!


Crawl forward, back a bit, stretch, downward dog, stretch.


That's a lie.


Where is the sunlight?


I want more. Who's next?


Do not answer that question.


(singing) We will, we will, rock you. Rock you.


Baby seal style.


New die.


(grunts) Shit!


I think we've learned all we can from this one.


I thought that was a story.


The one who likes to talk to poo.


Dwelma's dead, we just beat the barbarian, Protto and Ruzza are down there, that means Lorenzo is upstairs, unless he's--


Just before we head that way, just out of curiosity, what is the name of the bakery that is near?


No, no, it's you and me down here.


I like trying things.


I would like to make a reckless attack against him with my two blows.


I didn't do nothing! (others laugh)


I mean, Pass Without A Trace should still work underwater. If we're all something super stealthy, we move super fast, get there, and get out.


Hey, we did it, guys.


We do know that Gilmore's Glorious Goods shirts will be shipping out next week.


That was a long walk!


Okay. I have a Ring of Protection +1 that no one's been using because it's just a Ring of Protection +1. Which is good, by the way.


It's good to see you guys, too.


I'll use Mask of Many Faces to look like one of those fucks and let's try to paint some scales on the non-changeling folks.


So if you think you can trust anything that she says before you get into the details of that book, details that we've already deciphered, as we've been on the seas with her for quite some time, and the betrayal that we have seen.


Yeah, I know, it's a little weird.


I heard that, Grog.


Didn't we discuss sending him home?


All right, then I'm going to try to jimmy open that lock.


Are we going to go find a hat shop, then?


I stand in the doorway.


Do we know what layer we're in?


Is it at 1,550?


A wild Scanlan coming next to me.


That's right! (coughs) That's right.


Why would you say that?


22 minus two is 20.


Caleb hangs back all by himself and says (stuttering) Paper and ink?


Thanks.


I got an 11.


Yeah. I think I definitely, if I have to re-roll, which I don't ever want to have to do, but I would want to be a tiefling.


Had anyone come in tonight? Any one of the usuals? Seen Ulog? Seen Kara?


Pike, are there any more coming?


Just in general, since I've been in hell.


Yeah. Perhaps we should rest tonight and plan this little needy-folk charade in the morning. We can always take the sewers into the Tri-Spires.


I don't have my stuff with me.


Pets! Not recommended.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself one more time, while this is happening.


Put that thing away. Put it back in the bag.


Strength.


Where exactly would you like us to put these?


There, it's already at 30, so 31?? Sweet.


Oh, persuasion roll with advantage. Oh, that's nice. 23.


Are they close to each other?


He's going to the sheets.


Perma-death?


Like I might die trying?


You didn't. Really?


Does she leave the room?


I don't know how you did it before because I don't think I was here.


Is this thing what we saw take out half the Zauber Spire?


Let this be a lesson.


Oh, I didn't know it did that. (laughter)


Inside joke. I'm being teased right now for owning and using a wine aerator.


I'm trying to apol-- just give me a second! I'm sorry I said you were not good enough for Caleb--


You take care of each other. You're a little temporary family for now.


Something else?


I have control! I have control!


Can I bridge the gap somehow?


Yeah, all against the same guy.


Ja, I will walk toward it to get closer, as much as I can.


I'm into that, and someone should look at the dodecahedron.


My DC on my spell is--


I would like to point out that this same person you are so adamantly protecting from our scrying or our spying or our finding is the same person who shit in the middle of a temple so that he could watch Pike.


In a fortnight.


I'm pretty bad.


Fantastic. Big money, big money.


I drop the rope and jump in.


She just pushes her head against the wall.


Man, this is fun. There's trash. Oh no, these are-- Oh, someone wrote a letter, how sweet. Okay, this is for Ashley. I thought Sam just threw shit off the table and, like, whatever else. Okay, let's see. Oh no, that's a subpoena. We'll just put that there. All right, guys, I can't hear what you're saying. I'm so sorry. Later on tonight, I'll think, "What was that, hmm?" Guys, before we bring the cast back out, we have a very special guest here tonight. This person is no bigger fan of the show or of you, the Critters, none other than the person who we have to thank for Mr. Sam Riegel, it's Momlan. [cheering]


Correct. So they'll know to meet us there.


That's 22 points of damage.


I would like to move backwards three squares.


This guy's real beefy, though.


That was going to be my question!


Sorry you didn't make it through. It doesn't mean that you'll be here forever. We'll get you there tomorrow. No big. Don't worry about it.


Yeah, okay. Were you able to summon a scary transparent tentacles before that explosion on the boat and those dreams happened?


Scanlan?!


Oh! Prestidigitation. And I catch it and throw it back into his face.


I'll take the gnomes on my shoulders. (laughter)


It's a good game, it's getting good reviews! I haven't seen what I did in it, but I assume it's nerdy.


I sure did. It was just-- you know? I was pretty young and kids just saying like, "Oh, you kiss each other and you kiss each other now." Just one of those types of games.


Don't worry! I can make us all look like cows again!


I've got another vial of acid.


If you need a loan, I can--


I pass him the two copper.


From who? (laughter)


There is. It's the difference between being in a carnival and not being in a carnival.


Honestly, we should have assumed that they could hear all of our plans from the beginning.


If we put you right in front there, perhaps we let Pike stay with you, I doubt there's any of them who will not want to watch that. And while they're watching, the rest of us do our best to get everybody as safe as possible.


We get up. I get up.


♪ What's Obi Kenobi's middle name? ♪


That's a hell of a thing.


I'm so sorry! (laughter)


He said, "Did they go already?" (laughter)


Does it do extra radiant damage? I mean, because I do an extra bonus radiant damage, if it takes it.


I think it's going to take all of us to defeat the Briarwoods.


I'm going to keep a lookout while she does this.


He's basically good against anything except one of the ancient dragons.


I'm going to cast Charm Person on the guard that sees me.


No. I'm out of holy arrows.


It still wouldn't be enough time.


Yeah, like actual Raid. Like Raid. Like if we dip, maybe, some food in poison and throw it down there, everyone that's left will come and eventually eat it and die.


I feel loose as a goose. Let's go see this bog.


What, the little lights?


I can Dispel Magic still.


You guys! What the heck.


We should just let him go, huh?


Do Patient Defense!


I shoot it with an arrow.


Yeah, why not?


Give it a moment.


Should we split up into a couple parties? No? All right.


There you go. It was a present for you all along. Well, I wish I would have known. I would have bought you that other shitty book you bought.


Sometimes things that are the most beautiful are the things that can hurt you the worst. Are you worried about where we're going?


I don't know. Why do they call it the Sun Tree?


The daggers are just daggers, okay.


You're still wearing your purse, by the way


I walk up and I scratch Trinket on the head. You did real good there, bud.


Yeah because we're going to tunnel this shit anyways, right?


I'm serious!


I'm gonna sing a little song to inspire a couple of my allies here, if I can.


You climb all these stairs all the time?


No, I actually, it occurs to me that we did kill two of the three barons of Whitestone the last time that we were there. (laughter)


18 points?


(sings) Bag of Holding!


At least they're letting us go right now.


Maybe, maybe we'll see Scanlan in concert sometime.


So it snatches his ankle.


Then we can take her boat.


Yeah, but I like the-- What?


What?! Okay.


Greyspine?


So we're still at the carnival?


I apologize for this. I don't think it needs to see. I'm not even sure if it really-- do I know how snakes--


Actions. Spell. Equipment and then touch on the icons of the coins in D&D Beyond.


Okay! I'm going to move toward the thing and make Mage Hand go in front of me all the way into the hole.


No guns.


Sext them? Yeah, send them a bunch of porn links.


This guy was about to leave his house to go walk over there for the final part of the ritual.


Oh, I thought you guys hopped off.


I feel like you got Avantika on your mug.


Look again! Abigail Persimmon.


On who, our friends?


Who wants to take a look?


Bye Vex!


Well, good night.


We did not make the sub goal, so we'll get you guys-- no, we're not going to get it, so we'll get you guys with a giveaway tomorrow.


Is it the same foot?


I'll be your Cyrano!


I feel like I had been looking at the thing. The big empty pyramid triangle thing.


I need to talk to Taryon.


I don't think on the show I've had a whisper.


Can I-- because I've got shit when it comes to range-- cheat the distance and see if I can peek in from the top of the tower down?


You guys know what a crucial part of this community the artists have become, and we have selected 89 artists from many more; there wasn't enough-- pages are limited, do I have a page number on here?


Mrs. Lavorre, Esquire. "My legal practice thanks you in advance. Thank you."


He listens to you.


That was amazing! You are so drenched right now.


Liar.


Is he going to do the twirls?


So first one.


These are d12s. I need d10s.


That’s okay, I still rolled well.


Hm. No.


As we're flying overhead, can I get a better look at if there's anything on the beach?


That's 17 points of damage.


It's got a little moss on it from the cave?


Oh, had he not been damaged yet?


Those dice are terrible!


Yeah, because of my--


Oh, yeah. Whatever.


Okay, I'm going to run up and go after these two bowmen, I guess. Fuck me, what am I doing?


It's like Klingon.


Dude, Jester's mom has got it going on.


Scanlan will say  Ooh! Look what you made me do. You made me screw up you. You made me screw up you and now you have to do brand new. (laughter)


It's a hotel ice thing.


I mean, I can pop in and out, but--


The pictures you were sending were amazing.


Like, can you make your hands turn to flame, can you disappear, are you really good with a bow and arrow?


Yeah, like an ambassador, an escort.


Down in the dungeon, there was the demon.


It's the first strike, okay.


Nice. This is a 1d10 plus four. That's 11 plus five points of necrotic damage for 16 total.


That was my 40 feet?


I scuttle over to my sister, then, and scoop her head up. I'm looking out the door, watching what's happening with Grog, give her a gentle noogie and cast Lay on Hands, last five hit points to bring her health to awake.


We came here to find out what its lair looked like.


Oh! What are you? I'm sorry, I'm just a young girl from the village.


Yeah, but the Vestige got used!


I would be curious, I would hate to be indebted to you at this point, but I would be very curious to try whatever it is that you consider to be your personal stash.


This is your five-foot greatsword? (laughter)


Why don't we just seal up the hole and get out of here?


May I promote just a quick thing?


Just real quick, I wanted to give a quick shoutout to my brother-in-law, Peter Habib of Mr. Fantastic Music. They did the track for the animated thing.


Where's his friend that he summoned?


Oh. But don't you have mysterious big person things to do?


It's okay, we love you!


I'm sure you do, but you lost yours so I'm gonna hold on to it for you.


Dump it out.


For one round, so six seconds.


Shove my hand up your skull and work you like a sock puppet! (laughter)


Scanlan. Lift from the legs. (laughter)


Yeah, Percy's next! Can I granny shot this one?


But he would have still been a god, technically?


You're rushing to the airport tonight?


Oh my god! It was so vicious.


Unique slaves. He likes unique slaves.


Thar Amphala.


Oh, I'm going to inspire him. (singing) Come on Grog, yeah, you know what I mean. It's time to rage on this hydra...


Do I know, because he's a bard, what he's doing?


Well (laughs) thank you. That is very, very kind of you. So, before I leave, my request is that you look at these every night before bed until you learn them.


Everyone.


Fine. Or not.


It's entirely visual. They have to catch your gaze and then that is how they can turn you into stone. Otherwise, as long as you don't catch their gaze, you'll be fine.


Can you hear the ocean?


I had a strange day. I've infected friends with Spotify now.


First blood. First blood, everyone.


You're in the mansion?


And he does know how to use them.


Did we tell them about your podcast with the recording of the very first one?


Right, thank you.


I would agree. I think they're quite territorial. We would do best to remain unseen.


Yes, that's more correct, yeah.


Because you disappeared for like, the whole fight. Are you with us?


I'm going to take that as a no. Cool, hey, look, I don't know if you're interested, but I have, in my possession, something really cool. And I take out the Deck. Do you know what this is?


We're even for the teleport now.


We did say three more.


I actually rolled a 17.


We live in a cold, cold world. No one deserves anything.


I can't look at him.


That's what I'm talking about, yes. Fire, brimstone, volcanoes. Druids.


I can't do anything after that. That's just reload.


Oh, I could have used my inspiration. I should have used it on the Blazing Bowstring one.


Well, it's fine.


(laughs) Yeah! How many pastries did you steal?


I mean, we can stop through Alfield first and see if there's anything cool there, or-- what city was it that the academy was in?


My family runs a very prosperous business, and yes, I have received some benefits from that.


Should I shoot at this guy or this guy?


Oh, and she's all by herself over there.


I figure things don't change regardless, as long as we're on the ocean.


They are adorable! They're both over 70, so who's going to kill them? Should Grog, or should I?


Should I roll damage for that one?


He came that fast?!


I wanna leave one for questioning.


(yelling) No, Sprigg!


It's just muck.


Oh, god!


When I bite into a York Peppermint Patty--


It is never used.


Not too much, Caleb. It's all right. Not too much.


I'm going to meditate into the box.


It's also including invisible guys.


It goes really well with the wings.


That's all ranger stuff?


Yes, thinking it at me.


Oh, the lich. Yeah. Are you talking about Vecna?


Nice. Of course.


But you'll be vulnerable, won't you?


I just want to make a--


Hold on one second. (blowing water bubbles) (laughter)


Do I have to roll for that one?


That was a long walk to--


Oh, High-Richter, it's so lovely to see you again. I know it's been quite a while.


Tary's Daring Do's and Daring Do-Nots. Dungeons and Darringtons.


That's right. That's on the next thing, right.


I'm going straight to the cellar door.


Whoa, that was double ones!


Well, I mean, there's no disguising the fact that he's eight feet tall and squeaks when he walks. (all laugh)


Dimension door the fuck out of the room.


Okay. I'll do deception. Natural 20.


Everybody but Beau, you were missing like crazy on that one.


I mean, as far as we know. SAM; Why don't you check the other door?


Okay. Never mind.


God damn it! Ten.


It's not that bad, though, it doesn't leave a mark really.


I'm so pretty.


Bouldergut?


d4.


He just come-at-me-bro'd you!


This is a death march.


I wanted some space.


Can I see if the golem's wearing a circlet?


No, no. I just don't know when I'll see her again, so. I'll find her again. That's all. It'll be good.


Okay, I'm going to turn around, and can I quickly flip the table that Protto had flipped over-- flip it back onto its legs?


21 total for me?


That's all right. And to make life a little more fun, let's take a head shot, because obviously he doesn't want to go down. And that's a 25. That hits. That's one more of those and one more of these. And that's 11 points of damage, plus three psychic. 14 points of damage and a constitution saving throw.


And then I'm going to take a ki point and cast-- I almost called it Uncanny Dodge.


Yeah, I think you're fucked.


I will start to move the bodies.


You monsters!


With little leather stripes--


Oh yes, I have to use a spell. Sorry. Wait, which one is it?


But I'm still pretty low! If you feel like it, I would take it and I would be grateful.


Wasn't there something we were going to do, though?


They're magnetic?


Most people in the Tri-Spire don't carry around bedrolls.


I'd like to flank to the left and keep an eye on the crowd to see if anybody pays attention to two strangers approaching.


That's okay. We're at the bottom of the ocean. A lot's going to itch.


Are you flying up above?


Is it my armor just falling over? (laughter)


I missed you so much, I'm so glad you're okay.


Does he have Hunter's Mark or anything?


Oh, you took it off?


He can have your room.


I turn and show him Nott.


I kick Scanlan a little bit.


What's a poster?


No. In for a penny.


What you got, Bertie?


Dusk tomorrow.


What is it? 2d4 plus six.


Scanlan, you or me? You want to go invisible, or do you want me to creep in?


Gilmore's Glorious Goods?


Magic ice kancho blast.


I feel like your room is very secure.


Oh, well, I rolled a five.


Never done this before. Let me double-check. I capture some of the energy and I store it, and I have resistance to the next damage type that I take that, and the first time I hit with a melee attack on my next turn, I can do an extra 1d6 of that damage type.


It's like if suns meet.


Krakotoa, Krakotoa, Krakotoa.


Hey, beautiful.


Just so I'm clear, as I really feel like I'm playing catch up, he's the one responsible for that, er, pearl that you've got in you?


Is it close by?


What do you think, Keyleth? Does it look safe to traverse?


'Cause I have technically been on vacation for many, many years. I finally took the mantle of responsibility for not necessarily-- I'm not ruling Whitestone, that's not how it works, but I did take on a lot of the civic responsibility.


The pumpkin lattes have come out...


Hey, brother man. How's all?


I'm going to activate one sword, hold it behind my back, sit at the edge, and wait to give a swing. See if anything is going to pop up.


Oh, we were just there.


Oh, definitely the bathhouse and Pumat, right?


Don't throw around the "D" word, unless it's the "D" word time.


Potentially. If it could help clear the Darrington name.


I'm going to float by Keyleth. Cast Guidance on her.


It's an arcane focus, I'm told, but it has a little magic to it.


(sings) Well now Whitestone's got problems, and now we really can't solve them, unless we make really deep cuts, so baby show me that Grog blood! (laughter)


I mean, you're weird. We already established that.


You could walk away right now. He'll never know.


Oh, ten.


Is anything in range?


(dejected groan)


I hate you. I'm going to pull back to the water pit to my right. Oh, to my left, sorry. I'm going to pull back to that water pit. I'm going to examine it.


I plant a kiss on the cheek of each of the women.


That's not a terrible idea, if your stuff works that way.


So I get an automatic?


You won't know for a while.


Good idea! I'll go check the fountain. What are these big fancy-- are these doors on the sides?


No. 30. Total of 30.


I think an opportunity's being tabled briefly.


The ring have anything on it?


The kind that gets you good and drunk.


And is Oralan still there? Is that his name?


Okay. Yep. No. That's at least eight points of damage.


You killed an old lady!


Trecorum Satis Dee?


Does it hit the ball bearings?


I doesn't matter, I can see good enough. I'm going to spend three sorcery points and heighten my spell, which gives disadvantage on both those two rolls. I'm going to cast a 5th-level Fireball right on the cusp where it hits those two buttholes.


One humanoid, two crouched figures. Okay.


Wait, it skids to a halt right there?


It stands for "Damn! Extreme!" (laughing)


Oh, 17. And 17.


Maybe I should get it.


Under a thousand feet.


We have to title this "Whispers!"


Is my Guidance still helping at all?


Oh, did you see it?!


I feel like Pike wouldn't want us to do too much damage to these bodies. I just feel like she wouldn't want us to disturb them.


Fuck shit up as a dragon and leave evidence behind as a green dragon.


Let's do another one over here. Bam. Pinning him in. One, two, what is that, three, four. One on the opposite side, over here. Umbrasyl's a big fatty so I can't get my laser pointer over there.


My shirt's gone back up. (laughter)


Nice. 17.


That's fine. Can I do a bonus action to heal-- who's looking rough?


Whoever's in there is locked in there.


Can I make a suggestion, Febron? And I cast Suggestion on Febron.


49!


I'm really nauseous right now. I almost didn't come here.


Hi. I'm Laura Bailey. I'm also, you know, a voice actor like everyone here.


He's in the top of a pyramid.


This is still-- A battle? Even though. No combatants?


And five copper. (laughter)


And we might not get there.


Where's Vex?


Don't say you wanna make it with my husband. (laughter)


I double-knot mine.


Shit. Okay. 19?


On a related note, somebody wants you to say, "fuck you, Dylan" for some reason.


Hector Navarro, aka @Hectorisfunny on Twitter, is the next host up for Signal Boost, and his first episode happened this Tuesday and he's fucking hilarious. You have to watch him.


Dragons are your level?


What is this? I still grab the other little symbol.


I think we'll expand our travel pattern to skate out wider.


I know this is because I farted already. And everybody check out my Twitch channel with my name.


Okay, I turn to the orc who just missed me and I cast Dominate Person.


And my partner. Jumnda, the lady you ran into, my elder, she told me not to come, not to leave. "Accept nature's fate," she said. But I cannot. I have been kind and peaceful and to myself many years. No more. You need me and I cannot do this alone.


d12?


Very well done.


I wander over.


Oh! And something about the Big-O going down.


Don't be stupid, Kima!


Up here, so we can get down real quick.


It's not like a vampire.


Had it been a less tricksy dragon, that would have been...


Wow. Two or three weeks ago. Oh! Did anything that you did to the fishmen seem to hurt them more than other things?


27, right in the base of his skull.


A strength or a dex saving throw?


Are we guerrillas?


Nice. (loud knocking)


Oh my. Oh my gods. Where are we? What's going on?  What happened? Where am I? Is this a fantasy world? What happened?


It was the last thing, it was to the right was the final turn. Right?


These things don't work.


Trinket is going to stay right at the entrance.


Don't send it to another plane; that's very fucking weird.


As I revert back can I slide down that wall to create some--


Or just saving your life.


You could always punch the wizard in the head at any time.


Everybody but Vax.


Let's go home. We've left our mark here.


We don't want to rebuild a city that's going to be stomped by dragons in another three months!


And you would have gotten to attack him!


I'm the bargain bin. I had a cowboy hat.


Do we see any-- anything along the bottom, the edge of the mountain that looks like it could open into a cavern of some sort?


Big guy upstairs. Santa Claus?


Can I come up and see if it has any magic feel to it?


I will cast Mage Hand and hold one ball bearing. I'm getting ready to move stealthily.


I use my staff to help navigate, Jester--


Is this making my spider sense tingle, can I track them?


It's a 34.


Okay, so after counting it all, I separate it and I put some jerky down-- go, have it-- to Frumpkin, and I push 60 gold across the floor. Come here.


Never forget.


While they take out the gems, these earrings work telepathically, right?


I'm perfectly content making snap judgements of people, I've been doing it all my life and it's very rarely steered me wrong, and in another time and another place, I'd be more than happy to run something.


Go give him a pet, Pike.


Heavy is the head that wears the crown. (laughter)


Hey. It's okay. Happy for you.


I'm going to pull in the back and hide.


I am consciously checking my beard.


I don't get a bonus, right?


They're around the corner.


So there's a short rest.


Devil Dinosaur is definitely a Marvel character.


They'll see us when it gets lighter.


I love you, too, Mary.


So it's auto-crit?


I don't get a bonus action off of that attack?


They don't drug them?


Actually, I'll get five tents.


As soon as everyone links hands, we're out.


Just on his whole body.


I mean, I was-- listen. The one time we were together it was after I gave him armor, but he was not servicing me--


He doesn't know your names.


My heart rate is literally like I've been running two miles.


I've got another character ready to roll when this all goes down.


Oh my god, they're so shiny.


How far up the stairs?


I vote for the one guy flaying the lizardmen.


I'm going to hop on an eagle.


Or something that you snort.


With disadvantage he still crit, how?


Out of the tent?


I'm also going with the Dancing Lights. They're not leading the way. The closest one is actually ten feet behind us like a choo-choo train back behind the group so that it's dim light 20 to 30 feet ahead of us.


It's an arrow!


Here. Here.


(sputters)


Okay, and then I Conjure Barrage.


I don't really do that much anymore.


No. There was a bit of a beatdown the other night in the Tri-Spire. One of the towers was attacked.


Yeah, stealth.


I'm going to turn both Vax and Percy into bats. What? I asked what you wanted to be and you said a bat. Bat! We're both bats!


Oh, he got a 19, which is a crit for him! That sucks. 19!


(laughing) 27 and 26?


It's a nice little pick-me-up if anyone goes down next to you.


I instantly dive and grab Keyleth's eyes and cover them, and turn her away.


And we've all been playing it. Foaming at mouth!


Ugh, what is taking him so long, Scanlan?


One of these two.


Those are huge!


Are you going to be able to get her on board with my little plan for her brother?


If you see any zombies, please let us know.


It lasts for up to an hour.


Are you going to be okay?


Okay. Especially me.


We'll do that on the way out as soon as we put the cart together.


For now, we are allies.


By air, though. Check yourself, Kiki--


I will also cast Disguise Self and turn into a female dwarf with a simple muumuu.


Tary was screaming like a woman.


I bet everyone thinks we're dead. Hey, Pelor. Pelor? I don't know if I'm saying your name wrong. Thanks for that, and I'll be here next time you send something my way.


Shitballs... (laughter)


Anyone have a Hold Monster situation?


Hasted, with both daggers out? It's 23.


Are you sharing a library?


I tell everybody that. Well, that I'm with.


The place where they keep the prisoners is underground?


I've known Yasha a long time, she makes her way back around.


You guys are going on the carpet?


I'm so scared. Okay, hang on. What the hell is the range on that? I'm going to just take a few steps forward, here-ish. Matt.


Wall down!


What did you do for all the days we've been gone now?


I'm saying I might be your best chance at salvation. I'm pretty sure this staff is the closest living relic that we have in existence to the god who granted your curse. Thordak is no god. That was your first stupid mistake.


How long ago did you send that e-mail?


And blood.


Oh, I'm sorry I retract that.


Would I have had enough movement to get behind the big poo pile?


You're going to wing it? You remember your numbers? Yeah, go get it, we're doing announcements.


One and a giant toad.


I'm running over to the gem.


Well, yes, we knew that!


We all wait until Fjord starts boning, and then we start our action.


Mistress, I don't believe he knows.


We all see this, right? He's not snuck off, right? I'm going to come and sit next to him and watch. What's up, buddy? Just keep doing your thing. I'm ten feet away. I'm not breathing down your neck. You all right?


They're probably eaten completely by now.


Garmelie?


I'm a little dainty gnome! (laughter)


Go. You should go. I come over the ear piece and I say: Vax, you should really go because you could compromise all of us by staying here. You should go.


Right next to him? All right, I'm going to take my hand and palm him by the face and cast Heroism on him. That's the first action. First, I'm going click my Boots of Haste. Which they've seen me for the last 30 minutes. We slept. I put my boots on. I've not been invisible all day. I slap my hand on his face, cast Heroism, then I cast it on myself, then I'm going to take to the air and fly up and over them and behind them and hover over the building behind them. Maybe we should just imagine it, because I want to go off the table. And throw Whisper at the back of his fucking head from about 40 feet in the air. Directly behind him.


Oh, I've missed Pike so much.


Let's go back to the hotel, shall we?


Zahra, Kash?


So we're heading back to Emon. But we did send a letter ahead!


Oh, two shots?


Okay, 18 then.


Okay. That would-- okay. (laughter)


I think at this point, it's people that are stubborn and with really low intelligence scores are the only folks left, so the wizards went right away.


That is a movie.


Okay. Here we go.


Can I use my bonus action to cast Hex at that right gnoll?


And then we go  Toya! Toya wake up!


That's okay. I still did a ton of damage.


This is the most I've liked either one of you motherfuckers.


Well, there was one that was shoved out a window, so hopefully he died.


Which one was Tiberius?


It's not, Caleb.


What? I can't hear you! Speak clearly!


What kind of a saving throw?


Got it. Is this world round? Can we go the other way?


So these heart-stones embrace the essence of where they reside?


Do you know who was talking to him the day of the carnival?


He wants his dead people tea.


(shouting) Fluffernutter!


(sings) Heal the Vax, make him a better elf.


What's the capital of the Dwendalian Empire?


It's naturally there.


Of?


Does anyone have eyes on Vax? Anyone?!


And we're waiting on a guy, too, aren't we? The lady, Sheila, ran off--


I get another grit back. And now, where are there other skeletons? Who's getting it?


Does she know about the-- D--?


It's such a quiet bird. I'm used to very loud birds.


Did Avantika leave or did she go up?


We'll report what we've seen. We'll try to gain our bearings again, get sleep tonight. We'll report what we've seen in the new room. No one else. And we will never utter this city's name outside these walls again.


Is that on melee attacks, or all attacks?


We need an orrery now to figure this out. I'm very excited.


(whispering) Let's check the other side.


40 and then six on the other one.


I'm just going to-- up against the wall. And not move.


Broken.


Weirdly, being part of the show means you strangely pay more. I'm not entirely sure how that works.


What the fuck?


I'm so sorry, it's Charm Person.


Mind if I drink?


Hey, guys, does anyone have any shears?


Do the same thing.


And I should have one more. So I used bonus action for the wings, I did movement, I did action, so I've got one more action.


That's a wonderful announcement.


Bleep-bleep, yes. No stealing. Got it.


Can we drop off this box, or what? I want to go see the fire dancers.


Me and Caleb.


I can read bullshit. I have--


Right? If I smack him, it's not going to kill him, he just turns back into--


Don't go too hard on him, he was being held up by a rope and tortured by a bunch of monsters.


(gravelly) Red rum.


Fighting gods one day, getting arrested in the street the other day.


Stop moving!


Let's go, everybody!


Just general, if I feel a general source of sinister magic anywhere.


Can you send your light source up? Can anybody send light up and see how high the ceiling goes?


Do naga heads do something if you look at them?


Now, remember, if anyone asks you, just go (moans in pain) "I'm a leper", or something like that.


I'm holding my rope for her. You don't-- okay.


Critrole! Critrole!


Come on, go nuts.


All right. To breakfast.


Callous? What was yours, Laura?


You just let me know.


Represent!


But we're right here.


That's this neighborhood of Vasselheim, not the city as a whole, just in these parts?


Last Luck of the day.


Her name is Vex, and she is greedy and mean sometimes, and she can steal a lot. She's a little bit not the greatest person, but her flaws highlight everything that is right about her, which is she does all these things to protect her friends and her family. She would give her life for any of us and for anyone who was truly in need. And she's not perfect, but she's the most perfect of all of us.


They were great about it actually, they were quite generous.


Maybe we can go around the perimeter and see if we can find some sort of entrance. Some magical-looking entrance.


I will make sure to visit all of these places and read all these things.


I just need to (grunts). (a phone dings)


Okay. I've seen this before. I'm not interested in buying from you. I just want a market or a bazaar or anything.


Maybe we should get a room or two. That way, if everything goes wrong, if we're indeed going to go to this estate, then we could at least have somewhere to crash.


They sell any weapons?


We never do.


We'll send you a note on the way to Zadash. Then maybe you can meet us there.


Our swim speed is half?


That's what he pushed. Push it!


Yeah, leave, motherfuckers! Leave!


Roll crappier, ogres!


They can. They're fucking vampires.


I'm going to first try and tighten my grip on him.


Oh, things. I'm not really much of a performer, I'm more of-- Help set up. Help run the shows, help make illusions, that sort of thing.


Because I'm weird!


Plus my con modifier, it's a total of six. So I'm sitting at a big 25 now.


Right. So I call out in Giant, "Nipple Taint, Knuckle Broom!" which means, "Brother! We seek to fight a great evil! Perchance, would thou carest to join us in such a fight? I have ale."


Yay 12 hit points. I'm going to see if I can help with the tracking because I'm going to start actively tracking this particular creature.


What was that thing where I could spend a ki point and do another roll on my insight check?


No, you didn't.


I guess we'll ride into the city.


I've got a wide range. I like to keep people guessing. It's my thing.


Well it starts at three, and that uses one charge. So four, five, six, seven.


Which are both your critical, right? Which are both my criticals. So a critical at a disadvantage.


I had to stand up. Let's throw an axe.


Ah! I'm running!


But I don't think I need it. I'm very focused on the fucking job at hand and perhaps someone needs help with like stealth, you know?


We've got to get our Nip on. Ooh, wait, maybe not.


Fucking score.


Merlin?!


It would have been in a tale of a one-eyed merchant.


Skadoosh.


No. You're all literate? You can read and write?


Beautiful. If you don't mind, ladies first, love, what is your name? Why are you in here?


Nott, really, we've got to get over this fear, man. We got a job to do.


That's actually a very good question.


I'm not sure what happened. I'm not sure it even dropped frames on my end.


Two more swings, see if I can decapitate it.


Yeah, cover it with ice to make it look like the rest.


(wheezing) It knocks the air out of me, so going to be sick, I guess. Hit real good. (normally) 11 points?


Sorry about what?


So me and Travis will share this one?


You can just move out of the Faerie Fire. It's only a 20-foot radius.


Make me your apprentice. Make me your-- bequeath me.


Quivering Palm the Sun Tree.


I feel like we're playing out some real-world psychodrama here.


Mr. Liam O'Brien! [cheering]


(sings) Can't stop the eeling!


Laura, would you consider selling used dice that end up in the jail too often? Just offload some of that shit.


We've got her. We've got her.


We could have a letter from your father, perhaps?


I wanted to do--


I'll come along to chaperone. No, I'm kidding.


Jester, you are very strong.


I'll snick to the rooftops and try to follow along, sniper eye.


Ah, thank you! I was wanting some ice tea!


Okay. I'm going to cast Beacon of Hope.


You're an idiot and I'm very proud of you. Don't do that again.


Where he went?


Allura also said, yo, plan. Maybe plan a little.


Grog, I didn't hear it. Maybe you should sing it, and let him know what it was.


That's my favorite combo.


Scanlan said he's in love.


Is it that fire plane where we just-- there's no dragons in that plane?


That's what she told them to make, and that's what they're making now.


Or for that matter, if we can't speak to them?


It's the guy. That took advantage of Grog


He hid it.


So you can gain better control.


Cock goblins.


The guy who built stuff, regardless, did I do that or is that just in my head?


We have Liam's daggers. Laura's gotten a bow.


It's not quite alive.


No, Grog! Grog, Grog, Grog.


Is anybody inside the house?


I feel like we should put our hoods up and just generally act like we belong here.


Oh no, what did we just let loose?


Oh, that's probably bad for you right now, but that's all right.


When he comes over, I grab him. Nobody do anything that's loud.


All right. I'll just hit the whole group, then.


Do you remember?


Why don't we pull that out?


I'm going to take the crystal back. I'm so sorry, we may need this.


So has anything been discussed in advance, is all I'm asking.


This is the second half of that conversation. We have nothing left to do in the short term.


Throwback Thursday!


Matt, is that ring for what, concentration?


I know, it is really sad.


I approve of that.


Sprinkle the weasel.


Maybe he could stay out there.


Head of the snake.


Go you guys for voting on that, you rock, even with shenanigans.


And I'm the one with the low intelligence.


I love Percy! (laughter)


All right, you're okay. You can hang out with Frumpkin for an hour. (laughter)


Insight? 24.


Okay, I'll use my bonus action first to cast Healing Word on Vax. (singing) Oh, that Vax elf--


Goddamnit. Why did you have to say anything?


No, what's the name of your group?


And Delilah came from Wildmount?


Done!


I hope he likes it.


I think a lot of those people will be fine.


I will look up at the giant man who just hit me and I will take out a tiny piece of pastry and let it crumble to the ground and look up at him with fear in my voice say: Why don't-- (sighs) why don't goblins eat court jesters? Because they taste funny.


We've got a carpet. Some of us have wings.


That means we almost killed him, that's what that means! We almost had him.


Before we killed Raishan, didn't she say--


Okay, let's try this out. Those are being aggressive. The lower of the two rolls was 29.


They're really fun. Yeah, I like it. I know.


Why don't you pull down your lower lip and show us what's going on in there, Fjord?


They sound really powerful, these pixies.


Kenny Logenzes.


And the bowls.


Mr. Rogaine.


The crew got them. That was Max. Thanks, producer Max!


You lead with your heart.


Like, never never? Never, never?


And then just started hanging out in the same circles, and that was that.


I think we'd all like to meet her. Would tomorrow be the time for that?


I'm going to start poking around some of this. Is this attached to the walls?


Have we ever thrown a total curveball at you, where you've had to do that? Where you've had to be like, "Uh... uh..."


We have a prisoner?


When I don't have time to watch one good movie--


This isn't gonna hold for long! Somebody rub some blood on Tiberius, quick, and let's get the hell out of here! I'm just holding this.


(Meat Man voice) The Sword of Kas, yes.


Is he going to attack me?


Huzzah! (cheering)


That seems like it's aerodynamically--


You don't know we're here anymore.


Blight.


I'll run after her, but it's half speed, so I'll get 45 feet.


Holy shit! I look back at Vax.


I can't vomit.


I'm going to attack him.


I think just eat a nice dinner and then head back to the rooms and get ready to wake up in the morning and do all the same shit again.


If I told you that four giant ancient fuck-off death dragons were attacking the city and all of us barely managed to break one of its pinky toes, you're saying what's in there is worse than them?


We could leave someone with it, and we can just--


She's down here with us, in the corner?


So you guys. Natural history museum? Pizza and then natural history museum?


Okay. Then I'm going to back up.


Smart rats.


You're just doing this to touch my hair. Lord.


I still rolled low. I rolled a seven.


I communicate  His wisdom save sucks, it's a plus zero. His constitution is a plus five. No vulnerabilities. No, I'm not moving.


He's going to steal our shit.


On?


How much will that run me?


Oh my god. Ten points of piercing damage.


Divine Inspiration, I'm sorry.


We learned that.


It's still very beautiful.


Don't let him shop, Percy. Do not let him shop.


I'll pitch in for that. How much do you have?


And then I'm going to shoot my holy arrow through my Blazing Bowstring one more time.


Finish him!


I hit. I don't hit. That's funny. Okay.


Okay, we're just going to test your reflexes here.


And that somehow stumbled into all this?


Nott is going to stick with the plan and run towards that gangplank and get out of dodge.


I peek in this foyer. And just (boof), right in the middle, and take a minute to move it all around.


Ah! Haha.


You were waiting for it!


I thoroughly enjoyed your accent.


Trinket gets a swipe at him.


How many is that? Seven, eight?


Fuck you, Costco.


You can do a rubbing on the front.


Let's go kill some shit, shall we? Come on!


Are we all going together? Are we not sending one person in to go find an empty building?


It is the job of ruling.


We've been here before.


Damn it, you'll have to come back.


Just carve it on the back of your DM's screen like a prisoner.


Just to give him a little expert help.


I got another 20!


Right. Well, I don't have very much on my person.


(singing) Que Sorah, Sorah.


They let her keep her room.


This is the sticks, right?


An actual dragon?


Yes, come, please come in.


Freakin' tank in the room.


We just don't fear for our lives for the first time.


Correctly hit a horse!


I couldn't jump one more and try to get him a little--


These seem like people who are confident in themselves--


It was a Gwar concert.


23 still doesn't succeed?


Yeah, but-- yep, you're right. Maybe that's-- that's a river. That's not a road.


I feel like it happened. It definitely happened. Question, though. How long does your friend usually stay with her cohorts? Does it-- Is it--


He said our new purpose is to serve him.


We should light a light or something? Otherwise we're just in the dark.


Really? Is this what got me caught, working for these fucking assholes? Ugh. I walk in.


So it's less like a government and more of a union that you buy into?


What are you even worried about?


I gingerly put it in my quiver.


You're after me. It's okay.


We can get you a prosthetic little toe that has a little compartment for poison.


Squad leader. (laughter)


He's going down.


That's behind us, we're going down down down.


(gasps) Scanlan, are you hurt?


Ah, it's all empty?


Truly nothing escapes your astute observation.


Did you buy potions?


Here in town?


Whitestone.


I'm working on it.


(humming) There's a 12.


I stopped looking.


I don't have that spell anymore. I need to know how much she weighs for this.


What if he is, though?


Okay, so Caleb springs up out of the water, and I think from where I am, I have a direct line of sight to that corner that he just went around, yeah? Because they've got light up there.


I know things. (laughter)


It's like you're an actor.


I'm game.


Don't ever not do it, okay. 22.


I have Teleport via Plants. So I can bamf through the Sun Tree. We can all--


Why would you even?


I followed my sister downstairs.


You're going to hold your turn?


That's true. Sorry. Forgot what time it was!


So. Well, I was born on the continent of-- I really--


Welcome back, Laura.


Wait, is he restrained or is he flung? Because it's vague on what happens.


Regular speed, yeah. (laughter)


I'm going to use Bigby's Hand to grab the sphere.


Hey, wait though.


How do we know if we failed?


But you also had to touch his axe.


Yeah, let's formulate a plan in the morning. I can't think right now. I'm a little out of it.


It's off the table. It's an automatic fail.


You can't put claymores on your back, which is a big fallacy.


It's actually called Greyskull Embassy, now.


Scanlan might be able to help you with this. I'll definitely be able to help you with this, but I'm not going to do anything unless I know something more, so if you want to go into the house, if you want me to break us into the house, which I can certainly do, I really need to know a little bit more. Your chances of getting whatever you're after inside raise if you're honest with me. And I don't feel yet like you're being honest with me, so I want to help you, but I don't think I can and without me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but we're not getting in the house, so is there anything else you wanna tell me about--?


Because no one had any clue--


We want to see different interpretations.


I mean, if we can bring people back, they might be able to.


Und I will move that ways to make a triangle with the two dogs and myself to get as far away as I can get.


Didn't we get a pendant off of the priest?


Well, I don't either, but if they do, I'd be ready for something.


Oh, maybe you should have said a different name.


Are you going to get married? I think you should. I feel like you're going to do it, I feel like it's going to happen. I just want to be there for the wedding. Don't go off in secret and do it, all right? I would be very pissed. I love you. Let me sleep.


Okay. That's a lot of d6s. Right? Yeah. Okay, so. 15.


Can I have used my flaming bowstring on the second one?


I would love to know.


All in the same cart.


Persuasion check, persuasion check!


I'm like a Wal-Mart over here. You could have asked me, but that's cool.


We'll be there. Thank you.


Oh! Perfect.


You're a monster!


Everything has out with parentheses next to it.


19, then.


They forgot to grab their gold. I like them!


Yeah, there's nothing to worry about.


I don't have a window, do I?


Oi, Scanlan. Sing a happy tune about how much we love fairies.


What am I doing? Dex save?


Who's your mother?


I am walking around so the vines don't get me.


There is vines on Jester down below, correct?


What's your modifier?


Happy birthday twinnie, fly high. Thanks brother!


No, this is amazing what my handwriting does.


They're all burning to death slowly.


I have a 5th-level. I have one 5th-level, which is Greater Restoration.


An illithid?


No, attack the one that's by all of us!


NPCs!


So we might as well leave out of Emon.


Maybe it's just a silly prank, it's water.


Two kicks.


Skip away?


It's just endless books, beyond what you can see! Are there chairs?


If I look past, do I see anyone else coming towards the keep? Is it just a cluster and that's it, or--


I don't trust you as a sphere artisan.


With an 18 bonus.


Thank you. Oh my-- you're blue! And she (gasps) And she looks up at you.


(high-pitched scream)


One platinum.


Not a potion! I cast Cure Wounds.


I've got this. Are they getting away?


I bramble shot one of them.


If we attack one dragon, we start the war. That is something we've been told over and over.


I still think maybe the more talkative members of the group should go?


Percival, do you want to come upstairs to the window, and--


He made that?


I'm not going to do this right now. We have a decision to make. Doesn't seem any better or worse from the outside, but we are outside the onion. Are we going back to town to get a little more muscle, or are we making a go of it here?


Yeah! Cut his horns off!


I'm sorry, I just, it's been so long and we've been through so much without you. I was overcome, I'm sorry. Friends, it's all right! Pike, I cleared the danger!


Kash, tell me you have Revivify. Tell me you can bring her back.


Well, he pointed them out, we should go talk to them.


Yeah, 'cause I can't move anywhere, right?


You know my main interests. Do I find anything of that in here?


I will win.


Was it really bad? Did I sound okay?


Did Pike give the trammel already?


Away we shall.


Got eyes right now. All right, we'll push forward.


No, he's really not.


Is that why they did that to your face there? Oh, no, they didn't. Apparently they were pretty--


You've got a wicked streak.


It touched my ass! It hit me in the ass.


Explosions!


How far is it?


Yes! That's right. Fiend or undead take extra 2d6 radiant damage.


Is there anything on the door?


You know, I know, thank you for your honesty, they're great when they're fresh.


I volunteer to be leader of the group.


I will doggy paddle towards the snake-hand man and hit him with another zap.


I have a little knack with, you know.


I sure do!


We still did it! We still got it!


Well bring it on, here we go.


All right, cool. Let's forget I mentioned anything.


I use Sacred Flame on the one next it.


What did he roll?


I rolled a 14 and a 19! She fails!


I'm very worried about him and Pike.


I'm so excited!


40 days?


Heal his face. His face is cut up, I say over the earring.


I should not go with you, I can't stealth for shit right now. (laughter)


Okay, so the nooses are gone.


Low key.


There's food.


And I'll stay there.


You can't resign to this. You can't give up on me.


Pretty sure.


They're going to chop it down as they mine the platinum.


No, very peaceful, actually.


April 1st!


Hulk smash.


Let's have a look! I'll cast Identify on it.


Scrap metal. I roll Caleb over and make sure he's not face-down in the dirt.


Oh, dude.


Well, it misfired.


Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic. (all laugh)


That's 2d4 for every five feet crossed.


Hm, that's a 23.


With my sharpshooter, she doesn't get any additional cover or anything. Okay, so I'm going to sharpshooter Delilah with one of my needle arrows that I've been hanging onto for a gajillion years. So that is a 25 to hit.


It just finds magical things, right?


Have we been led to the boat?


We could hide in a house, one of the ruins.


Hey, you could heat up a bucket of tar as we walk into a prison. That wouldn't be suspicious at all!


It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. It's a 20.


I have some questions, though. What is this relationship, you and us, now? Are we obligated?


Let's move it, people. And I'm gonna take like a step back towards the door. Just with what's remaining of my movement.


We're sure? Okay. Then I click my Boots of Haste.


We all get ropes!


You can get a pin, you can get a hoodie, you can get any form you want.


I'm going to turn into a planetar.


You and Zanror seemed to have a mutual respect.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on the entire party, before we all take off.


Wait, no! But that's a person!


The opposite direction.


What do you need?


Yes, whatever's-- yes, Acrobatics.


We'll all hide. I go ahead and cast Guidance on Vax.


Our own little inspirational poster, inside each and every one of us.


That's fair.


I'm going to get between them, and I know that slows the movement down, but I want to be in there, and I'm going to use my two actions left to throw daggers at the floating fucking bowling ball with eyes.


I'm going to show off a little Ioun. Look at this!


Can we insight check as, what they're saying?


I might need some help. Where's Pike?


I wonder if getting Pike on the broom or the rug could improve her chances of sneaking up to the door as well, and get a peek in, and try to turn whatever's inside?


How far apart are the doors?


And something that smells nice in the front that will help. It helps cleanse the air.


They're in the god--


Yeah, figured that much.


And we can see it-- sorry.


Are there any people, I don't know, juggling and shit? Or any shows going on?


Oh, that's right, to pick the color. Four.


Okay, so that is an extra 1d6 lightning damage for every attack. 15 for the first one, and then... 15 for the second one.


Are we still waiting for him outside?


I take my shots.


I'm going to walk over with a new round of drinks. Here, drink this. I'm told they're stupid. Ugh.


I think it has to be soft, right?


Ahh, plus... four points of necrotic damage, for 28.


Like a body in a carpet.


Okay! Just for fun, I'm taking a third hit. I'm gonna take a third shot at him. And burn, yup. No, a third slice and I'm gonna add, just for fun, let's do one, two, three, let's do four more points of Cabal and see what happens.


At some point in our journey I excuse myself for ten minutes, drink my last shit-scrying potion. Poop out a little loaf. (laughter)


And it's rough terrain?


Thank you. We won't trouble you any longer.


Do the stonies get disadvantage or anything?


Shit. Balls. Low. Shit. Eight damage from the elemental.


Oh, what does that do?


Do you need some more?


Yeah, it's weird. I don't know.


No aerator? (laughter)


Yeah, we'd like to enroll in the competition.


And then I once again go, "Scanlan! Scanlan!"


I was trying to see it as a positive thing.


It would only be her house crest.


What is-- It's a test already!


Now, now. Is that apology accepted at this point?


Magic weighs a lot.


I knew you had.


But we're animals though, we're not insects. We're animals.


Yeah? Is it sunlight temperature?


Wait, wait, before we go.


Leylas Krynn?


I'm starting to rethink my agreement to work with you guys.


We'll put it on the list.


My darling! Hello!


Yeah, it's airport prices.


This is a very tactless question, but you are talking about the Scaled Tyrant and you also are sporting some scales. Is that a coincidence or are they related?


Oh, this could take down the Jagentoths.


Right. Unless Ren is actually on the inside. If they had an office, maybe we could rifle through some--


Okay. Keep it safe, dear.


Yeah. Oh my gosh. We have our first Keyleth shirt.


I have that to look forward to in my later years.


What if you knew where we were? What if we found a place? We pick our battleground. He discovers where we're hiding.


Are we sticking?


It's right in front of him!


Run away!


Nice! Good job, Pike.


With Grog. You're going with Grog.


Well, and I could probably use a new tea set and maybe a new skillet--


The exact order that our minis are, right there.


That's a thing that exists.


This one is mine, thank you. Beat her within an inch of her life.


(yelling) Why, Matthew?!


What's wrong? Are you ready, Vex?


No! We are not disengaging a smoke alarm with a fucking trammel. There is a limit!


Oh god, I'm not going to drop Disguise Self, then. I'm going to keep going. I want to do it as soon as I'm out of eyeshot for a split second.


Vax ran to the bathroom. Also, doesn't technically the young squire get an attack of opportunity?


Pop out the wings. Go up.


I do, so he takes ten points of damage. The armor is gone.


Yeah, I'm proficient.


Many things. I can grant powers to many people. For instance: you, Little Elf Girl, what's your name?


Well can we go do that?


Please continue, I'm so sorry.


Yeah. Has he heard of the Dawnmartyr?


Is this main hand?


Lucky jade. Failure.


Yeah, but can you--


Which part difficult? Losing his fuck buddy? It's not that difficult.


(singing) Danger zone!


I need a new notebook after this session.


Okay, we'll bring these back to the Crownsguard and hopefully get some reward.


Are there really merpeople? There are merpeople.


Actually, that's not a bad idea at all. Maybe we could have like a survivor round up team and a defense team?


A backpack of--


Right, but Caleb would have known that.


Well, I would really like to get my cat back, so I would need about an hour to go do a little stuff. Do you have anything else to do?


No, it's literally my tapestries.


If we don't have that, does that mean bounty hunters are going to come after you?


Can I Counterspell that?


From where I was released by the eagle when Scanlan changed back, I'm 20 feet off the deck. How far, if I was hereish--


Do you need me to stay with you? To help you?


Indeed, in fact it would turn invisible when it wasn't trying to stick its fangs into all of our gang.


He's turtling.


Oh, he is so hung. Unbelievably hung.


What happens if you don't deliver your quarry?


We should have worked out Frumpkin in advance.


I wasn't worried. Who are we tracking down?


Hulk's on a scaling power level, 'cause he just gets too mad.


Well, look. The bloodaxe, right, I've known this weapon for many, many years, and I wanted you to be here when I did this. (whispers) Can you hear me?


War caster. You have advantage!


Generally when a city is on lockdown, though, the sewers is the first place that guards are looking for shady people to leave.


Keyleth paces back and forth for about five minutes, and then goes, okay, I'm good.


Anything weird ever happened before?


Yeah, why did I save Taryon?


Wow. I would never know it was you.


And I flip the double birds and start walking backwards a little bit.


Today we're calling my birthday?


Touch it.


So does that mean that he has to change again now?


I didn't write it down. Dammit. Balls. But I have a real good--


No, we have another gun.


(laughs) Your stuff's over there.


I was talking Liam's ear off during the break about how much I love the dynamic among the three of you, and commiserating about how you feel really naked and exposed when your whole party isn't together. How weird that feels to not have everybody together at the same time. I think I kept him from the bathroom.


I'll tally up the damage in a minute.


Of the Shorthalts.


No. It's like one in the afternoon, so we'll probably just go.


Then maybe you don't want to go first.


Are you punching it?


With the hustle. I mean, on the hustle. On the quick march.


No, we've got one for each of us.


Oh my god, I got the Spaceman. Which one did you get?


"What! That's the best you've got. Macintosh! What is this, 1997! Say something that helps them sell subscriptions!"


Yeah, you're right, Vax. Vex, let's stay.


Chase her?


You're a dick.


Well, that's no help.


So we lose an hour.


Man, I entirely forgot.


Yeah, but we don't know--


Yeah, you seem to be super tight with--


Armor.


Nice to meet you.


What else can I do?


I know you have to fiddle your dangle. I'm well aware.


Sorry, folks.


So move the fucking carpet!


Then change into something bigger and squish the egg.


(singing) Doo doo, ba doo.


I rolled a ten, total.


Might as well go to the pub.


The ship's name makes sense, now.


It went great, no problems at all. Totally took care of the problem in the woods, and you are safe, and so is all of Whitestone.


We would assume. With one eye each.


Pour the Alchemy. The little one's for us today. The Alchemy Jug, this is where it's going.


So, as quickly as possible, we should get through these tunnels, I assume?


Ah, you must be so proud.


Why do you need them? I like them.


You're going to roll for it?


Shuriken!


You'll be okay.


Yeah. Thanks, Grog. What I learned out of that was it's not great for battle, but it is great for travel. It lasts for eight hours. We can move 300 feet per second.


Any favorite parts?


Don't worry. His work is done. He made his trap good.


Yeah, it's like--


Very confusing.


The sword of Kas?


My ears are going to combust!


Murder him!


I turn to Doty, and I say, take this down. With an efficiency and an effective leadership role model for everyone, the redhead continues to propel us forward, faster and faster, to everyone's surprise and respect, including the captain. As the salt licks my nose, and the sweet smell of adventure is in the air, I know that with her on our side, we will be strong and we will be protected. End of chapter.


Hang on.


I take my cloak off and I put it next to the doorway to block the light.


All the pertinent information is also in here.


Good, good. (laughter)


That is so cool!


He's the runt.


Maybe now would be, we're going straight to the tree, right?


That one definitely hits. This is way less damage. 20 damage on the second one.


Yeah, good. That guy is a liability.


Lie down, play dead.


Yeah, yeah, whatever, Matthew, whatever.


Is that cocked? As hell?


I have a very long, very strange story, every word of which is true, and if you will give me five minutes, I swear I can convince you--


The mayor's? The big mansion.


While he does that, I stand in the middle. Are the three warriors triangulated, if you were to draw out a triangle between them?


Right. I love her, I love her.


I know my West Hollywood bars, man.


Just to be safe. Do you have two pounds of lavender?


What kind of potions you got available? Healing potions?


Yeah, anything in there?


Who's in front of me?


I have two luck left, after sleeping.


It could be a cudgel carved to look like Estelle Getty if you wanted it to be.


Do you want it? Can you learn that now?


He's yelling. He'll make all sorts of sound.


How long will it stay?


And that's where Scanlan's waiting.


They're wonderful, Fjord.


Oh no, you're right, she should stay put. You're right.


You do. Money can help.


Is it wearing any clothing?


Plus another ten for great weapon--


Science. Math. Acid.


That's plenty.


You get a reaction.


Wait, what if there's a market, like an open farmer's market we could get some spice?


I bet your spell is 120 feet, Sam.


Trap, trap.


Four times since we met.


Okay, we have a mind flayer.


You're still blind?


No. I yell at you, don't chase him!


Never in my right mind would I hand my gun.


Until there's a direction to go.


I follow Tary as well.


Get out. Out.


Motherfucker. This is terrible. I feel like we did this to him.


I can't see shit.


Check.


Oh no, a total of 20. 19.


Just vault over it.


I will hold my action until the pit fiend comes in range.


Acid.


Can you Druidcraft into my hand? Can you give me a thorn, something long and thin?


With one yellow eye and one black eye.


Oh. But he's big, and I'm little!


Squall Squatlock.


Let's get out of here. Can I walk back into a privy, washroom area?


So every attack against you is--


We were going in a completely different direction and now we're pirates!


I have Relentless Rage.


Oh, yes. But is there power in this, dear boy? Or are there only secrets? For you are secrets. He is power.


Raving about it. It's only been out for five seconds, and everyone's gaga.


Oh my Grog.


Right, Garmelie?


I'm higher.


Oh my god. Oh my god! I run into the mansion.


(choking sounds) I'm going to put it in reverse straight towards the wall.


Put Fjord on the outside. There we go.


Brazen, guys.


Okay. I will pick up the book.


Not Vex and Vax?


I'll lead the way.


I'm going to draw out a crude map while we make our way so I can let you all know where we're going.


Do what we do any time there's trouble. Sit down, pay attention, and do everything she says.


Who they work for? We know who they work for. What do we need from them?


You know what we can do with that? Sell it.


(muffled) I went to college there!


Well, I thought you were being taken over. D'you need me to make sure you're all right?


Bring it, bitch!


Where would he have gone?


It's okay, we're not live.


(yelling) Claudia Sheed!


Kidney stones.


No, it's something else.


I have an announcement. We have a fan out there who just got out of surgery. His name is Kurt Shappacher, but in D&D is known as Bork, The Most Eloquent Half-Orc, and I want to wish him a speedy recovery.


Yeah, all this and again, thank you for doing this because portions of this goes to an amazing charity and we love all the people at 826.


Please be a turd.


We have a lot of stuff to do.


Let's just take it.


Are tieflings a thing in the City of Dis?


What is that? Pizza. Forget I said that. Listen to me, I do not have a good feeling about this. And I start to undo the cloak that's on me, And I want you to wear this. And I tie an elven cloak. Shut up, please. I don't need it. You will wear this. You will stay hidden when it is needed. You almost lost me. I almost lost you. You will wear this as needed.


To have Kima with us, I think so, yes.


You have to make that decision yourself.


Did he do a Flame Strike?


Because I'm first. Oh my god. I am. First is 24?


Can I read any of them?


I didn't realize he was going to draw them in their sleep. So, let's just--


Hold your action. Pick something good and hold it.


Can I see everything?


No, we're in Thar Amphala. It's been teleported to the back of a titan, which is a giant mountain, which is what we're on. It's from the Shadowfell. You just have to get away!


If we scout and it's clear, and then we come back and then go back, it might not be clear again. If we scout and it's clear, then we do it. It's done.


I'm peeing just a little bit.


I feel like that's pretty compelling.


You can if you want to.


How did that go?


I'm here to ruin everything.


We know why the dragons are here, right? Ish?


If it looks like a path has been bore through in a straight line, like it looks like it's going through. 24.


Is it a walled-in city or just parts here and there?


Sorry for choking you with my stick.


Clarota, do you know what that rumbling is?


They're not human.


I'm going to ponder. I'm going to make the sound of a bunch of people panicking and saying, "Hide everything, hide everything."


There is a mausoleum--


Let's go introduce you to the others.


I'm trying to-- Just wait, don't move.


Do you want to?


They call me Honest Grog. Like Lincoln? No?


Well, hold on. Maybe there's a way I could trigger the spell?


I do have it prepared!


Go for the temple.


We don't want to create a stir. We might, so it's better that we do two quietly and leave one left. Can you throw your fucking Manners ball at the third?


Divide it up.


Don't say that we were here. Don't mention we were here. That's pretty important, I think. Yeah?


Bonus action, I will use the Mage Hand to deliver the tar right on that lens.


No, I think it's pretty instantaneous and honestly I am so glad to have him, but I think that it is probably nicer on the other side. Does your mother ever read stories about the Feywild and sprites and blumpkins? That's not the word.


Rissania!


Did it hurt you when we punched you?


So how much damage do I take for some reason?


I'm going to carry Kiri on my shoulders.


Can I-- I can't, I have to go--


We have sympathy for your situation. Will you be here in a few hours if we need to return?


Yeah. What if we back up and burn it?


Remember, she learned from the druids a bunch of fucking nature shit.


Hi. I wave at Thompson.


You're going to sit on the floor?


I rolled my disadvantage.


Well. I assume they'll come for you, sometime in the night or in the morning. Hope you won't mind if we don't wait. We traded your expedited journey out of the city in order for us to go and take care of some bit of business for them.


I've got to go lower. One, two, three (impact noise).


Oh, that's a five. 16.


You mean what they're fighting?


A billion. Deception?


What is that? What does it do?


They didn't bite any of us or get any of us. We're not infected.


We thought about leaving one as a marker for us.


We mist down a little bit.


It's right there. Salt the earth.


(whispers) He's in the next room. He's in the next room! Be quiet! Jesus, be quiet!


Can you hear us? Yes? Are there any potion stores nearby? (laughter)


For the door? The mansion?


What were you doing?!


I don't know what's going on, but I've got her and I'm hugging her from behind and turning my back towards whatever is in that room. I don't know what's going on.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry.


So I whack it for nine.


Total dicks.


I still don't think that's supposed to--


I give everybody a group hug with my Cloak of Elvenkind and try to make a big rag pile out of this corner. I'm very uncomfortably pressed against Thorbir's backside.


Jarett!


This episode of Critical Role brought to you by Mott's!


I've never done anything for free in my entire life.


Okay, I'm just going to take them and I'm going to start building one and see if they can follow suit then. Three springs will be more than enough for this design.


Smoke?


PulloutKing, thanks for the laughs.


(gasps, sighs)


I mean, I stood in lava before, with Gern. It didn't hurt that much.


With his broken hand?


The first one is a one.


I'm in a cavern alone?


Oh my god, what if there's that many other eyeballs? You can like, swallow them all, and then you become like ultra powerful.


Speaking of old, are some of us older than we used to be?


He's going to think he's being wiretapped.


Ow. Why did you do that?


You stabbed her bear while maintaining eye contact.


You've got a whole bookstore devoted to you here.


Audience, please. (cricket noises, laughter)


That's what we see, Grog!


I hand Grog some jerky from my pouch. Hungry?


Aw, man. Okay, that's my turn.


My, my, Grog!


Hi! I am Orion Acaba. And I play Tiberius Stormwind, the dragonborn sorcerer. Level nine. Super badass.


Trinket bowling.


He already rolled.


At some point, they're going to start looking for people to fight this war, and I'm not sure I want to be around for it, because boy they know who we are now.


Yeah, because you've said nothing.


Did you think that maybe telling us that Lorenzo was a high fucking magic user would have been-- Or are you still fucking working with them?


How many meteors?


(whispering) Damn it.


I'm going to open it and grab the stone out.


You know, it's just a thought, but if we have to open two of these that are facing each other at the same time so they destroy each other, we'll probably have to drop that down.


Shit, Jesus.


Oh-- 21.


Towards that other door that they did not come out of.


Okay, first attack. Natural 20!


All right, I'll take two.


That's seven points of damage. Second one's a sharpshooter. That's 25.


I don't think I can go back to Whitestone with you.


I can split the load.


Just to talk to him, because he likes Grog.


I think we should probably just kill it.


The spell is active because it makes you faster.


That was hot. That was very hot.


Dragon.


It's been an hour-long Q&A, so I think it's a pretty good time.


Is it just beer? Or is it any spirit? Or what?


They are quirky.


I don't know what he is, but I want him to stop.


Okay. Spell attack? Ooh, that's good. That's a 19 plus five.


You promise me you won't eat him?


I'm going through the door.


Then are you guys cool with doing the Q&A?


I'm going to take a few steps forward. I will inspire Grog, I guess.


I got a five. I definitely didn't find a pearl.


This place sucks! Too much water.


Is that dim or dark?


You want to try?


That's Liam, not Caleb. Everyone else was hooded, so we don't know.


I will take the watch, and I will make some tea with the tea set.


Is it? Hey. One quick thing that I was thinking about, and I know that you keep bringing it up and I keep dodging this, right?


What's your speed?


Okay. Theory? Proposition? Proposal. What if we use your Hunter's Mark, figure out where she is, get there, camp out nearby, tackle it in the morning?


I do miss those Madonna songs.


Down the wooden shaft.


Don't. Fuck. Me Gil! Ooh, that was almost a natural 20! This always happens with Gil. Six?


I'm still raging. How long does that last?


Cassandra. (shushes)


Get this water off me! Ah!


Les Mis was a stepping stone for that moment.


You're going to Fire Storm them?


That's it, it's on. I call out to the main pixie: Wait. What's your name?


I don't want to stop!


You're rolling your mind's Rolodex.


Can I stop Adra then and ask her where Greyspine Manor is? Keep, manor, whatever.


A lot of bodies.


(whispering) Hide yo kids.


Well, we were at the Gala because we were having some fun.


It's a big river.


Oh my god. I thought--


I'm quite pleased.


A wisdom save?


Do you not think that I'm real?


I found it fair and square; it's my gun.


He has the best old man laugh right now.


Back home?


Does that critical for you?


If they try and climb the hills towards either of you, you can have some ball bearings to help slip them back down.


Is that sneak attack?


Yeah, there's no way you just thought that up.


I think it would be useful to you for sure.


Yeah, maybe he threw it into the ocean for all we know.


Except pissing? (laughter)


Tell you what, I'll use my movement speed to move closer to being underneath, on the other side of Vax.


Yeah, Kynan? Kynan doesn't get hit?


Chalk. The last one was marked with chalk. This one I'm just standing in front of.


Oh shit, that would've been so good to have on them. I'm sorry.


d8 plus six.


Nope, I just doubled the dice.


Coral. Carol.


You two are down, the two of you?


He's doing a camouflage-y thing, and she can make it look like nothing's on the--


No. If it could be a permanent banishment, yes. But we don't know what kind of plane and what creatures lie there that would, perhaps, come upon that artifact. What are the elements? Fire burns earth.


It's creepy. It's dangerous in there. It can drown a person.


The saviors of Alfield have returned!


Again, I've been called worse. Sure you have in your time, as well.


As fast as I can get there-- The way I know to get there the--


My son.


You just go down by yourself, right?


Have you ever had pickled pigs' feet?


I think we're dealing with spiders.


Look, you just saved a life! That's good news, right?


Don't do that. The bowing thing is-- I've always been uncomfortable with it, don't--


That was so cool.


This is a temporary war camp.


That's why I smelled my fingers earlier.


Not at all, dear.


One giant dead ox came out of the bag.


Why do you have to do that? It's pink! It's mine! I paid for it!


Key-leth? If I may.


Keyleth.


That's the damage.


It's a magic wall.


To the Crossroads!


The bastion of death is--


(shocked noise)


Keep up a good face for two seconds.


Shut my mouth. I guess I was wrong.


What can we do to unfear?


I was just about to do that!


No. No, we're not arguing.


Let me flip to my backstory. (laughing)


Oh shit. We totally could have seen it!


I find a corner of a cell and slowly pull out my gun.


I'm very curious. Let's see this place.


It's been rhyming a lot.


The Gentleman just wanted us to kill shit, right?


Yes? Did you stub your toe, darling?


On the harpies that we own.


Don't give me that, Scanlan. Oh. Scanlan, you can hear me. What's going on in there?


No Pike! The evil of this place is making it hard to maintain her connection.


I punched it so hard it exploded.


Yes! New house, new house! And built up the guard. And I made a nice little animal sanctuary for Trinket, a nice garden area for him to hang out in, and other wildlife should they so desire. Oh, and Tary, Tary moved in.


It's still very romantic, though.


Back to where we came from.


Yeah, Good Cop. I was the good cop.


Trinket heals for 21 damage.


No, but I'm pretty smart.


They tried to burn it.


Who's within 30 feet?


There's another wall.


You sneaky.


Yeah, both of those hit.


To make it look like our arms can reach the ends of the cloak-- are they sleeved cloaks?


Oh god! I'm letting go!


Oh, Clarota.


I can do four if J'mon can't.


How did it go? Did you kill the little black thing of death?


There's no question. But if you could, I have two favors I want to ask.


Maybe we just leave that particular function alone for a while and collect some gold to recoup our repair costs.


Let's go down and take care of this. Cass?


Can we send people under the castle as well?


While they're discussing, I point at Frumpkin on Yasha's back and snap him out and then submerge myself by that small grate and look and keep my hand above the water, and snap again and Frumpkin is past the gate on the other side of it.


I don't think it's magic.


I roll for a save on the poison?


I'm staying right at them and I'm looking for any movement while all this is happening.


Tyriel Castala?


I was thinking of trying maybe a--


Right. So we're all in agreement, then.


I'm either going to be a new Percy or a new person entirely.


Bonus action hide!


Always the tone of surmise.


We have so much, you guys, so much.


We can go in another dragon.


I'm sure Astrid loves you very much. I tuck him in.


Yeah, apparently not. Oh hello!


What!


I do like you.


Guys, I really want to know what's in the closed cabinet. Can I go look?


Nice shot!


11. Disadvantage.


We have a bomb.


He's double-checking.


I would say no, but there seem to be more than a few things that I didn't know about him.


You want me to come as well?


Okay. Second is a 25.


Who is in range for a good Mass Cure Wounds? Is there anybody?


A lot of people have been leaving, but some people can't.


That was so unpleasant.


All right. Go look for some dead-ish branches.


12. Damn!


Yeah, your sweet shirt.


Oh my gosh, and Sneaky McSneakerson over here. Oh boy.


Okay, I'm going to wait for Keg so we can hoist.


I want to kill it before we leave now.


Just picked her up and dropped her there.


Yes! Have a meal, buddy!


The carpet's above my station.


Oh god this means that--


I'm going to swing around, I'm going to pull Bad News out as I swing around, back myself down, and I'm taking an aimed shot at its arm.


I'll back up into mine.


We're going to protect him, like we always do.


How's his handwriting?


We just got money!


Let's go to box number three. There's three and four left.


Wait, where are we?


I'll use Telekinesis to lift the Horn off the carpet.


Happy Halloween!


You're many characters.


Remember when I used to get a 45.


Same tavern?


And I duck behind Scanlan.


Man, you're frosty today. You're just--


Yes it is, come on.


Is he an expositor?


Hold?


Those things are death traps, man. They're the best.


Let's "shedule" the meeting.


Heavily.


Yeah. No, I'm fine.


Has anyone else ever been to a horse tranquilizer party? Because it's like that. And Epipen! Except you can't afford to do them anymore, sadly.


Chod, can you use this?


I communicate that information to the group as well.


As she hits me, my eyes flare white, and I go: Aah! Like that.


Keyleth can make the bunker.


The one that's holding the child.


Is there another name that you would like us to use? Like a nickname instead of Ioun?


(whispers) You're incredible.


Yes. Ten, 11, 12, 13, 14. Was this a surprise attack?


He's immune to prone?


Was it?!


Your turn, buddy, come on. Show me what you got.


Great, wonderful. I like being barefoot.


23? 17 plus five-- six?


Can I ask the woman, is this your child?


(whispering) Yeah.


Kashaw. How close are you to your god?


We look so cool.


The mast looks like it maybe got burned a little again.


I sewed my thumb back on.


I'm looking in his cart.


What the fuck is going on?


140. We have to hit him for 140.


What are you doing to that poor dog?


Ravenites.


Well, do you want to bust out those Ioun stones you have?


With me.


But only in the sun.


Can I reach them?


Mork from Ork, that's what I said.


All right. Pressing my ear to the door on my left.


Seven, so 14. (cheering)


He's rolling good, too!


Can I help him find a place that would be hidden?


She does. She's already saved one.


So I only have a bonus?


No, by all means. I think I'm a bit attached to my sword.


That's good. 25?


All right. It'll take a little longer, probably. I'm not a good teacher.


Sounds like a retirement home. The Shady Pear. (laughter)


Both sides?


Really? It looked kind of serious.


My history of the city is unrivaled.


My dress is like, tight now.


Oh, yay. That's nice. Nine?


But the situation in town is a little political. We're going to take this thing out of here and I'm going to report it to the authorities. We don't really want to create a stir and frighten people here. I hope you will take--


That's right. You should say who you are.


(groans) I don't know about that.


To the Broad Barn.


Yep, that'll hit.


No, that's regular.


Marisha's telling you, Beau is being genuine.


This is the best fucking mansion ever. How-- I mean-- what?


My action. I take my elbow, raise it up and drive it into his ribs.


I mean, do you need to talk to Dad?


Roll high, roll high.


(gasping) If there's multiple ones. What if she has more than one, and she's more powerful than you? (gasping)


Pike, sorry. I didn't know we were parting ways.


We can just leave really quick! She's got another teleport, yeah. We're going to climb up to the tree--


What did I roll? 16.


You get to go first.


I think you're supposed to do it if you say it.


Do you know about those?


Do we need to move out of the way of the stairs?


He's fucking huge!


Let's let Matt make it official.


A one.


You doing okay? You seem a little off to me.


You're guarded against scrying in your room?


Fjord gave up his. I'll take his share. That's four for me.


I turn to Durent. Whereabouts do they tend to be found? The lodestones?


What about just a comb?


Do I know what he was, by the way?


Sweet.


Is it Gilmore's stuff?


Where does this tunnel go?


I would like to put somebody in this armor in Whitestone so that whoever comes through the portal, the first thing they see is something that they feel comfortable and familiar with.


Can I make my way through here?


How does Delilah factor into it? What does she get out of it? What does she do?


I am deep in upstate New York on the Canadian border.


Fuck me and my Mom! Why?!


Let me get my new d8. That's super. Oh, I can get all my d8s. And then 3d6 for some necrotic damage. So that's 13 points of necrotic damage and 37 points of slashing damage.


Yes, I lift myself up with Bigby's Hand. Yeah, that was a great idea.


Does Grog look all bloody yet, or is he--


I absolve myself of all responsibility.


It's open. Let's go in.


I can go first.


That was the name of the one girl, wasn't it?


Are there any dwarves that we can say to go get Ballsack and bring him down?


Are you sure he's not just--?


Wow, she can take half of half?


Go get 'em. You got to go get 'em.


18 plus something! Plus three-- No, plus zero.


We needed above a 40.


I do like your shirt.


No. It doesn't, I don't think. Hold on, let me look.


This Ren Sutan, any idea where we might be able to find him?


Are there any underwater serpents?


I have magical paint!


Yeah, but it's always a nice gesture.


