They get there first, though.


4d8.


That was a shit roll. I rolled a one. Oh! I reroll ones! Sorry. Reroll ones. Thanks. 12! That's way better! (cheering)


I think you're right.


Oh, shit. One letter. God damn it.


Well, shit. I guess we're going to look at a buffalo.


If he picks up the crystal and it doesn't work, or it doesn't move?


Totally. 100%. Swashbuckling.


I mean, do it if you want to. I'm standing in the doorway.


And I cast Greater Restoration on Percy.


Ten minutes later.


-- walk about 40 feet in front of everyone and creep along.


You've learned.


Maybe I do.


He said you might have some raw ore for sale that I might purchase. You'll excuse me if I don't come in; I'm covered in explosive powder.


No, I don't think-- I think we should alert the others.


How? What?


I'll take it, I'll take it.


You're carrying around 100 pounds of shit?


Girls like flowers.


You stole from a candlemaker?


We'll keep you in ear contact.


No! It's an established character we already have artwork for. Why let it go to waste? He's done prissy boys before.


What? Where? Who? There were more of them!


He didn't tell us a lot of anything.


Do we have any chalices in here?


Which one? You bug me about a lot of things.


It sounded like that!


Just so I'm clear. We're going to go, grab him, steal his wishes, leave him in a ditch somewhere. Is that the plan? What's our game here?


Oh, you're right, I do, after you asked me nine times. (laughter)


They're liars. My family is dead.


With one of your long fingernails?


Oh. Yeah, for up to 30-- 24 hours, actually. It's not a concentration spell.


It's very short. Okay.


Yeah, because they had a lot more people that fell, actually, so they probably need it really bad.


All right, I'll take a shot at Ruzza!


Fast pace.


What about paper? Aren't you always needing papier?


I will run away! Just the maximum amount of running away I can do which is only 30 feet. Towards Caleb, to the north and if I can get behind that pillar.


But I mean, lots of things that are little, oh my god.


No, down below, in my--


Fuck that guy!


The darkness is consuming her.


Can I look around this unsavory place? There are no faces that I recognize, right?


Well, I was going to say in the door, but if there's maybe a place in the hall.


Hey. What's up, Poobah?


Yeah, but not with a map on it. That's amazing!


I don't think we should hire her, for one. Where is he? Did you find him? Anything? Nothing?


Caleb is super intense on his shit right now, going: I am helping the group. Everyone's going to be safe.


Surely you've thought.


Yeah, drop that BM on him!


Full on Ghostbuster-ing. Don't mime, don't mime.


Laura, committing to RP! Yes!


Now that you know how to build one, would it be quicker?


Okay, I'll take a greater, which is how many?


Fenthras, is that elven?


It's early in the morning, I'm not awake yet.


You're unconscious. Oh, Percy helped her! That's right.


I walk over to Grog and start playing-- what was it? Rock, paper, what was it?


Yeah, so we don't waste that platinum that we melted into triangles.


How close are the suits of armor to me? I can't tell.


Oh, that's right. Maybe that should be our next--


Beau goes  Who undid my work?


Bless bless.


Do you know Parchment, Boulder, Shears? Never mind.


Have you seen any zombies coming out of the lake?


He said it's lazy, right? It's just going along, but I call bullshit 'cause we're in the Feywild.


We have to be able to have someone point the finger at her, though, because what happens if she finds it herself, later?


Out of context quotes.


What kind of sick?


Can I move up behind that pillar?


I'm going to run in that direction.


At least we can prepare ourselves.


Where'd you get the rainbow dice?


Moments that Keyleth has dreamed of.


(whispers) Hey, hey, what do you guys see?


And then I step behind the girls--


That weasel is about to die!


He doesn't despise you.


Yeah, we really are.


Yeah, the thief. That's a good idea.


That's us. That's good.


Or the ramp, whatever.


If you want to go ahead and, actually I don't know if she wanted this to be read. Oh, okay, but this is cool. Do you want to hand me those disposable cameras? Where did he go? Oh, I lost him.


My potion has worn off, hasn't it?


I'm going to try Lockheed. His dad could be in a place where he's being watched.


Okay, so I'll move over to one of those. Let's go to the one closest to him.


Somebody's going to be so pissed!


Okay. I will stride forth. I'm slow and old. I move 20, so I'll use all my movement, 40, to advance.


That's 15.


Worth it, man.


I'm just a man who saw another man die yesterday. It's been heavy on my conscience and I was just wondering if there was anything you could tell me about Enon.


Yeah, the ones in the mountain, in the cave. What about buyers? Have we had any new interest?


I mean, we can only assume-- Yonn?


I know, I'm sorry!


I give Percy a kiss on the cheek.


I yank Trinket by the fur on his butt and say, come on Trinket! And then start running backwards and grabbing at my sister's cloak as I go towards Keyleth.


With your feet here?


Or, we could ask if there's a secret entrance to the safe house.


No, but you're so good at selling stuff!


Just two more hours. We got this.


Ten points, and I'm on fire.


Hang on! Whaska! A great craftsman such as yourself deserves only the finest of materials. How about some (whispers) dragon scales? Dragonhide? White dragon, what kind of dragonhide? White dragonhide.


What are we going to say?


I don't know. I felt bad. Once we had the story then I was like. Maybe-- The story of his life. I was like, maybe he shouldn't go with her.


Yeah, I bet that would be annoying if you didn't like it.


Why would he?


(giggling) Purvan Pedobear?


All right, so I can't quite do that yet. That's really frustrating. So I'm just going to do what I can do from this distance, which is Sacred Flame, I suppose.


Is there going to be one more giveaway?


Even Keyleth got friends. No?


(whispers) Tary!


In a good way or a bad way?


I trust the organization, they have a sterling reputation.


They still haven't heard my favorite voice from this campaign yet. 'Cause we haven't gone back to the city yet.


I'm going to check through the books to see if there's anything.


Well, one's going up tomorrow.


There's nothing to wait for.


The lip is in my belt, baby.


I guess I go down and have breakfast as well.


It was astounding. Incredible. Hard to believe. It was almost as if the oceans obeyed my commands?


It does. Thanks.


Wow, you're really smart.


Are our clothes in here, or somewhere else?


Did she just boop you on the nose?


I'm going to stay hidden as my-- oh, god-- and I'm going to dip the rest of my arrows in holy oil.


We make a lot of people cry.


Dashilla survived!


It's a d10, right, d10? What was it, six damage?


That was no dream! (laughter)


Marisha, you have to give $100 to 826LA.


How big was the chamber?


20. No, 17.


You'll kill him?


What if you're crazy?


I'm looking. I'll meet you in the library.


No problem. Easy, easy


These are survival checks?


Oh yeah, no, I've heard it before.


You mean potions and magical items?


Wow. Really? You dicks. Why are you betraying me in this moment that I need you the most?


I have to, yes. I have to repair Doty, and also find some new recruits. I think there are some in Whitestone, right?


Is it on fire?


Yes, yes, yes.


Um, I'm gonna-- no. I'll you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go-- hey, god. I'm gonna move over here, stealthily. And go for ready.


While you were gone, everything happened, by the way. Everything happened.


Wish I remembered my number. 14.


Yeah, that makes sense. Nott and I are sharing one.


Oh. Oh, that's the question I wanted to ask you: did we know if here, night and day is the same?


So they're bringing the both of them out?


End it quick, we can save it.


These guys were big.


Are we stopping here? We've got to stop for the night, right?


You're building a stage for something? Is there some sort of circus in town?


Ah, and also tomorrow. You're probably going to be taking potshots at that thing, yeah?


And I run downstairs really fast.


Balgus. I would like to--


Oh man, all in one movement? That's--


Make the big chasm look like solid ground. They'll fall off the edge!


Oh no. Don't make him laugh.


Where did the bodies fall? Over there, didn't they?


He's imagining a whole other set of faces here.


Low perception.


This is what happens after you go to meetings, is suddenly you want to be about something. Be careful.


He's rich and paranoid, so if anything is of value it'll be downstairs, so I say we do upstairs first.


I rolled two hit dice--


The cat.


I know he will.


Yeah people are asking how she came back.


To explain the travel schematic, it would take us a few days to come back on the airship to this particular area if want to go back to Kraghammer. It would be much more efficient if we teleport, as we have, and take a transport to Kraghammer, which is only north of here, as well, which will only probably take a day, right?


What do we need him here for?


So it seems one of the lesser devils who is interested in Vax might be our ticket in.


No, I'm watching him. While you guys are doing this, I'm like: Check under your bed. Did you leave anything behind? Go pee. One last time, man. Come on, come on.


Why don't you go change out of bear form?


What are we fighting? What are we fighting?


Visual. I don't know what I'm seeing.


Fecal matters.


You can curse. It's okay; you killed one of us. Okay. Everyone gather around her.


Worst chess game ever.


We're going outside to see what this place has to offer before it's time for a drinking contest that we'll--


It was string and mime.


Fuck. I try to run away. I try to run around and run past Umbrasyl.


What? Look, it's like they did in the old days, they had chamberpots. I mean, I have my corner. It's my recreation corner. Sorry. Yeah, that's my brand.


Everyone looks upset.


Yes, I'm doing the house.


Can I bust out my rope of infinite twine and start tying it around him? Just, a lot? A lot! Just a whole bunch. As much as possible. Because it's infinite, this twine!


Does it smell like Taryon?


(laughing) Amicable tree.


This is a personal question. Is there anyone alive in here right now?


Nah, it's going to fuck us. We've got to rest.


It seemed appropriate. Even before things became what they are, yes.


That's athletics, that's going to be a 19.


I don't see you anywhere? (laughter)


Yeah, it's a lot. Okay, cool.


Time to break out the banana margaritas! It's only afternoon!


I have something else, but I'd be curious if somebody else has something.


Come on! Hold on! 28.


You know what I mean, you fucking third-grade assholes, jeepers creepers.


I'm hiding behind this glowing spire. I'm going to take some cover behind.


Yeah. I was looking that up, too.


Yeah, Cali!


God.


I just want to look at it, but you said I had to show it.


Sure, darling.


(laughs) I can't really see the layout-- is it my turn, by the way?


All good things. Thank you for this.


Any lint from the bag that they were being held in?


Yasha. SAM; It's like Ash, with an -ay.


Do you want to pick someone?


Three horns and big.


Well, this has been fun. If you need anything, as your quartermaster, you just let me know.


Oh, shit, I get to do more shit?


Keyleth starts eating him.


Those thingies!


He'll resist it.


26. Evasion means zero.


No, I mean not charming, like the way you speak.


Is that in the Suncut Bazaar, or could we head that direction while we look?


Because the stuff we had in Ank'harel was really gross. I didn't wanna say anything, but--


Y'all have daily prayers?


I know, what a dick move that would be.


Would you be willing to leave with me tomorrow if I asked you to?


It's like the Kids' Choice Awards for adults.


He took an arrow to the knee. Sorry.


He's in the fire, right?


Probably the only rule here is "Talk shit, get hit."


I don't think so. You think that's cool, Beau?


I think he just cares that little for human life.


Yeah, I say give it a go.


This is for you to give to--


That's fine.


Yeah, can we help him look for any vials, or--


We need a rest.


Yeah no, that's fine, that's fine.


You go blind.


Yes, the best of mates.


While you were out.


Does it smell good?


Not yet, but now I will be!


I ask everyone to wait. Percy.


So we wait until they camp?


What were you going to say, Pike?


Or a swim.


17. Yes.


Maybe take some pressure off and practice talking normally to people who are going to be very gentle with you about the whole process.


I'm not too bad.


All right, what is that? (counts quietly) 26. 13.


Whoa! It is sexy!


Is there a passage so we can get out of the flow of the water, once it's been released?


Twenty... two. 21.


He is very wet.


Have you ever met a ghost that doesn't need punching?


But he needs a good night's sleep and I'm afraid he won't get it in this.


Acrobatics check?


That's my round. I just (zooming).


10,000 gold.


Oh my god, one.


I cast Suggestion.


(underwater blubbing conversation sounds)


Just a little bit. I'm going to be one space away. I'm not going around that way, but I'm going to try to back around.


Let me see over here! Is that you? Did you do that?


You've been sitting there this whole damn time?


Le--


When you're home with your people, are you one of the nicer ones, or are you a bad girl at home? What's your-- how does it--


Where did you send them to?


Surprise round.


No, it's cool. Please, do as you will.


Plus regular?


Grog, one second. Here--


Yeah, we have a bunch of posters at our house.


We need to ask around town about the Briarwoods.


How do we get Marius out?


I would be glad to--


I look down and I say, (sighs) Very well, respect. And I take my elbow and drive it into his temple.


Oh, you did do that, you did take it as a troll.


No, no, Tary!


Wow. Well, darling. I shut the door behind me. I have a favor to ask you.


Yes, and we still haven't found Reginald's daughter.


(sing) Well, I guess we're gonna have to take control.


Yeah, it's already happened, we're already committed.


Vex, the girl. I'll say  (singing) Vex is natural, Vex is fun! Vex is good when she's one-on-one.


There's no ducks here?


Does he seem genuine? Oh, boy. (laughter)


Whack! Boom! Oh my god.


I still want to try to get him to the ground. I want to try and get him prone. Can I try a leg wrap, so I'm gonna wrap my right leg around his, and dive forward. Trying to push him off-balance on to his back.


Aw, fucking Orthax, really? That's a name I was hoping I wasn't going to hear again.


I use Manners on Scanlan.


Imagine this is, like, DaVinci.


We have a Grog.


40 plus 40 plus 40?


This is what I use? For my fists? I got big-ass fists! I got tattoos and shit on them. I never shower, they fucking stink!


I thought Pike had one hit point.


Shadow of War! Oh shit!


As long as that is on your face, you will get no sugar from me, Sam Riegel.


Yeah, if it's closed our way forward, yes. Otherwise, we should move quickly.


She said we should all get some rest. I feel like we've earned some trust. I feel like we'll be in good hands. I don't know if I entirely trust her, but I do feel like she is motivated to see where this leads. LIAM That's one way of putting it, ja.


But nobody on horseback?


No, 28.


964 each.


Are they trolls, are they ogres?


Also, in your ear, very quiet, you hear  Oh hey, is everything okay? Going well?


I've got more work for you to do. Put the shield back on.


Hopefully that will do something.


(laughs) Well... turns out, I found him in a camp where I'd been taken.


Roll a d10?


And which way am I facing?


You've rolled shit on that dice every time tonight.


When they catch them stealing their stuff, yes they do.


I'm not paying for that.


We're in Elysium! Oh my god, please.


Well I think if I say-- Sarenrae, I've been rebuilding your temple for months, so please help us in battle and help rebuild our city, if that's service enough.


We'll make our way through the town and look for giants as we make our way to the tree.


Does the leather band attach at either end?


But thanks for the conversation.


Plus ten, but it was a natural one.


Yeah, do that!


We should go play this game.


I would break everything on the way back here.


That's good, there's no disappointment there.


It's even worse. (all laugh)


I'm going to rush the undead one.


I don't think he knows what he wants yet.


But not that shirt.


Sure, that.


I thought we were going dancing.


Perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for was two vials of holy water.


Yeah, you didn't sleep, Scanlan!


(tearily) And he hates us, now.


I'm going to hop up to take a better look at it, as well.


They're used to having people die.


It was creepy.


We're supposed to come in!


It was a ballad! She chose a ballad!


You're not altered! You're not altered! Hey! Hey!


She's better not die.


Yeah. I think it's just because I didn't really know them. Maybe it was easier to just let them go, and I wasn't as angry as I am with him.


N-- No.


Just a little one. I won't even rage or nothing. It'll just be a quick little tap on your walnut.


I reach over to Yasha and I go--


Ooh. 15 points of damage.


Get a feather in there, get the whole thing really. So it's very hard to lose him.


And from the branch of the Sun Tree create my own raven tree of the Ashari. Take a long, long, long, long, long time before I maybe date again. Maybe. But eventually, hopefully, after a long, long, long, long, long time sunset into the tree and become a part of this realm.


Should we?


This keep is fucking drafty. I go downstairs.


Yes, it's back. You should watch it. Yup.


Do we know what language that name hails from?


So those guys aren't dead, is what you're saying? Those two guys are not dead?


Yeah, I rode the dragon all night. (all laugh)


(sings) There are big, tall, terrible giants in the sky.


Matt, don't forget those two guys.


Just contact us now. You're watching. Somebody is watching who knows that person, so just let us know.


But they're hiding.


Yeah, every time.


Oh my gosh, he does covers for everything. Daredevil--


She's raging.


In the other images, there was some revelry, some intercourse happening. Is that-- now that I'm a full-fledged member, do I-- (all laugh)


Other way, other way!


You know, you might have just sent him to his death.


She's 25 speed.


I’d rather have the potions than the gold, to be fair.


Does anyone have a torch? I would prefer to keep this up for the time being.


(snapping noise)


Like, never, Grog.


At what point will (strained) the lack of circulation begin to make you talk like this?


Absolutely!


Tell him what you learned! (all laugh)


Go find out.


-- Vox, Vox, Kiko--


I got one gold that says she cannot do this.


I will say that Vax looks a little weird.


Yeah, there's no balloons, though. What's a balloon?


I can revive her too.


I gave her food and water.


Yeah, no, I don't have--


-- and I lift her up in the air--


I'm going to say, right now, that was the easiest 20 platinum I've ever made in my entire life.


You know, there is a point that we are all family, but we are also all friends, and there is that old saying, be careful of the friends that drag you down. Maybe we were dragging you down.


Dude, they were like eight hours.


Pistachio or Rocky Road?


I will try to conceal this from Cali.


I would love to. I would love to, uh-- where's this thing?


Well, you've got friends, don't you?


You don't know shit about me, bitch. I'm going to take another attack.


(singing) Balls and ass. Ass, ass and balls.


Seems reasonable enough.


Rogue.


She's a sailor, too.


Dexterity.


There was that whole zombie gnoll thing.


You had one good idea.


And because of Keyleth, I have advantage, correct?


But she was almost unconscious.


A mile away?


What if we don't commandeer the ship?


Percy, do you have something to say before we go?


Okay. Well then, I will bonus action-- shit. I won't bonus action. I will move away from it.


Wait, but I was actually kidding.


I'd have to look at it. Not familiar, sorry. That looks like a health potion, though.


I'll be on my knees. Then we can do these things. Kiri can have a ribbon, and she'll do this while we do it.


One-way ticket.


I want to insight check and just get as good a read on her emotional state as I can, even though she's got a thousand-yard stare. This is insight?


Heated tar? In a bucket?


Do not draw attention to yourself, friend.


This guy is the brains of the operation.


Amelia, really sweet.


Grog up before me.


Ask that guy.


I am a wonderful writer, but, you know, my story has intrigue and danger and romance--


Please?


Oh, good, we can come back then later. That's great.


Wait, only a right and left? But we have two straights in a row!


The wailing creature could--


I will let Percy load my gun.


No, that's the other character.


And we do have a direction to move.


One little interjection. Couldn’t we use the sending thing to find out information if we sent a message?


I'd be mad at us, too.


I was thinking Go-Go-Gadget Finger.


It's just us two?


(whispers) Oh, that's legit!


That was a 27 for the first one.


Are you with us, Pike?


Oh, oh, uh. (speaks Undercommon)


It's not-- I don't. (sigh)


We don't need a distraction, we need quiet at this point.


And undead.


It could have easily been the little girl.


Come on, Arkhan.


Although there are a bunch of guards around.


Ooh! 15 points of damage.


Go for it! You can fly.


Hotis.


Me and Pike. Worst rollers in the game.


All right. I'm not closing my eyes. I'm just holding onto Pike's hand.


No, we gave it to him already.


You can break the grapple though, right?


That would be--


One arm is like off to the side.


Okay, so. Um-- I would like to rage. (cheering)


I forgot. Did you give me holy oil?


Oh, don't worry, he's really nice!


That's great, that's the end of my turn?


Oh, by the way, sidenote everyone, out of game, Laura has been taking our inventory and keeping it. Lost the page with all of the--


We can't be insects? Are those beasts?


I'm going to run in, draw the silvered sword, and take some swipes.


Do you go back and forth?


To the tree!


Yes. No, I've got two 1st-levels, because I used Thunderwave and Command.


Do you remember anything from when you woke up?


It's all happening that night?


Seriously? They had a dagger to your throat, you dick.


I did. That was cruel.


You're small.


That's a scroll.


As Tova does this, I turn to her--


Not to me, not to me!


Do I get a free attack?


Is that everybody?


Yussa Errenis?


I would like to eat.


Even if it becomes permanent?


Thank you guys so much. Just because we didn't get a chance to read, please don't stop donating. All you've got to do is scroll down to donate to 856LA or they'll link it in the chat room. Tune in tomorrow. We have Felicia Day stopping by to play Lady Games, so everyone will be dressed up in suits.


Oh, so not a whole lead box, maybe like a box made out of wood and then pretty lead on the inside.


No, no, no, we left Fassbender with him.


Did you see?


I'll go last.


Okay. Then that's it.


Did you have anything to do with this? (laughter)


I've never killed anything before!


Start thinking about this now.


Now, since I shook it off, I'm like, "That's lovely," and I would like to try, for the first time, Intimidating Presence.


That-- that's one worse.


I am? I thought we were all-- Okay.


You're mad. We need defense. This is not a site of a victory, this is a site of our end. We need bunkers.


Just like you. Thank you.


Bullman?


Just with my fist? Sure, you want me to use Earth elemental? I mean, yeah, yeah, totes.


Is everybody okay by the way do we have every-- Oh god! I'm going to cast Turn Undead.


I know, it's been so bad.


So you can't really talk.


I can set it, forget it. Set it and forget it.


Do I still see Frumpkin on the wall?


You got this. Natural 20.


I bet they're are all going to ask for dancing now.


Celestial? Elven?


Who lives in the tower, Vecna? Is that where he is?


I don't know how this shit works. I'm going to bamf Trinket out of the necklace.


In Vancouver. Go look at my Twitter. You'll see what it is about.


He's a good butcher. Yep.


What a night. Well, guys...


I saw something happen in that cage.


I think Kara's the way to go. We start asking him questions about something that big, maybe he won't like us poking our nose around.


They're soft like the hoodie. They're like a thin version of the soft hoodie.


How do we get there? Wait, we have to get rid of all the 'fugees.


Yeah, me neither.


I'm working on something very delicate, I need everything to be very quiet.


Yeah, there's tents, and some people sleep in bags or huddle together. Whatever we can find, really, leaves.


On a whim, I'm going to use a 2nd-level spell slot to cast Comprehend Language instantly to see if anything becomes clearer, and I have to touch the table and touch the walls to do that.


We string a rope across the tunnel.


Plus what?


We're not going to be able to run. This thing flew in here on the breeze.


Who is it? Oh, the fancy fellow? He's probably dead somewhere.


Yeah, okay, well--


You do you, man.


You are totally fucking fine.


Kynan going to die.


So this is, what is this?


Doty! Doty, put it as a maybe.


So I can see that guy?


Do you have any spells that help you be able to speak languages? Isn't there a spell called Languages?


In my earring, I say to Vex  I'm clamming up, you do it.


Wow, it's been a long time.


Go rogue, go.


The skull grants a wish.


There are 30 sets left in the store, we will be ordering more. So there will be more, but I don't know when that's, you know, going to come in. So 30 sets for the time being.


We pull it.


How long? An hour? Ten minutes?


Why don't we get into some daylight and take a look?


Is somebody going to be around in case something goes horribly wrong?


Like a jello mold of a brain. And there's fluid coming out from underneath of it?


So it does it back to him?


Only two?!


1d8, plus eight, plus two for dragon, plus Hunter's Mark.


Great. Great.


We've still got two clerics... somewhere in the world.


Oh, that was a great way to ensure that you got out of here, Tary. (all laugh)


I named all of the horses while you guys were in there! I named them Waterloo, Fernando, Mamma Mia, and Dancing Queen. (laughter)


Can you try pouring acid on the thingy?


(angrily) Fuck him! Fuck him for not saying anything sooner.


Any hand action going on?


I feel like it was.


If you find an ice weapon in that ship beneath the throne-- anything magical, some sort of ice power, we may need it. That may be useful.


Yes! We are super excited about this one. Starting November 15th and every Tuesday after on Alpha we will finally get to introduce Talks Machina which is our Critical Role talk show. Hosted by our amazing friend Brian Wayne Foster. You can follow him at Brian Wayne Foster something something.


You don't have to tell them anything you don't want to tell them, that's all right.


I mean, I feel like we should. I've seen nothing but good things happen. (laughter)


(grunting) I make my way towards the docks.


Entrances, exits, stonework, writing. I think you said investigation?


Do I need to stealth again, or am I already stealthed?


Or we can always teleport. I can Tree Stride. I can always Tree Stride.


We should put him out of his misery.


They won't care about a hostage.


Tell them I'm not going to run off with it.


Do I have to believe deeper than that?


I'm guessing by now if you go on the Geek and Sundry website, you can find his playlist.


That's the best thing you've ever said, Marisha.


That would have been so awesome.


Sorry. Angry.


No problem, guys.


Yeah. So I can teleport us closer and then walk, or we can take a very short rest so I can get my beast shaping back, and then could fly a few more of us. It's a gamble.


Okay, cool. It's a wisdom save and he's Hexed on wisdom.


Much better!


Sure, sure. How about you tell me one fact about you and I'll tell you one about me?


He is so little. He is so small.


Never mind, then.


Do we know that it's enclosed?


Yeah, yeah, that's good.


Because we had the Heroes' Feast, are we not frightened?


Can we open our fricking books yet?


His name, what is his name?


I was thinking about something else. No, you just heard me thinking about something else.


No, we haven't had a look around.


The sphere is coming out soon.


Make believe is tricky, guys.


Caleb has just been staring for a while, and is standing next to Nott. He takes off every stitch of clothing and everything except for one thing, and hands it to Nott and walks in.


Set up the door outside of the market or whatever.


She's the charm, she has to come!


That's a good question. It doesn't say.


I don't actually think we've met before, hello.


Just get them all wet. Go (blubs).


And he's really uptight. Yeah, that's a pilot.


Can I go ahead and burn a ki to go back?


There's things happening.


Okay guys, we can do this, we can do this.


We're also going to be looking for a place to sleep. I don't know if you'd recommend anywhere that--


You're saying it weird.


Many. Many.


Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. Not even In infernal. Fuck fuck fuck.


Maybe they can just decorate it to look like candy.


That was on a corner. Oh good! 17.


We like ladders.


So it's 19, then, plus-- where is wisdom? Plus nine, so 28.


(mumbling) Sorry guys, this is taking a minute. Okay, well, you heal nine points.


We walked in on him and his boy trying to skip town.


Just fly in really fast. Be creepy and quick.


Well, you can guess some of it.


Is it moving fast-- easily in this terrain?


No, that's good. Each one of these songs is, like, personal, to the member, right? So you make up a song about what Vox Machina means to you.


Oh, the Kryn.


We do deposit the check at the treasury, by the way, while we're there.


I would love to visit. How long have you been at Whitestone?


Did you ever hear that I wanted to go help Percy investigate, was I able to do that?


Should I cast Pass Without a Trace? Yeah, I'm going to use Pass Without a Trace, because I don't have a lot of 2nd-level spells.


We beat a door.


I'm so flustered.


God, son of a bitch. 12.


(screeching bird call)


Oh, you already have advantage? Blessing of the Trickster! There you go, I gave you blessing, so you get advantage.


Or siblings?


Oh, wait, so he gets some sort of advantage?


The twins, baby.


A cube? I mean, it's a 40-foot cube.


Actually, what are we up to right now? Are we doing anything? Are we busy?


I believe it! She was a horrible person.


I was thinking of intercepting it anyway so--


Cursive, baby.


Hate and greed.


Yes. Let's get them home, and let's kill Lorenzo. I have an idea. I know my last one didn't go so well, but listen: we can't fight these people. I've said it before and I'll say it again, but what we can do is exactly what they do. They go out and pick off people one at a time. Why don't we start doing that to them? Follow them, track them, see where they go home at night, and just pick them off one at a time. The weaker ones first, and by the time Lorenzo knows what's happening, he'll be scared out of his mind.


But I'm crawling, I don't want them to see me.


Ugh, god, the options both suck. (all laugh)


Do we backtrack?


A tree full of dead us? That's fucked up.


Matthew? Would I have the wherewithal to see what's going on and try to--


Would you like back the two copper pieces you gave me for the pot?


It's a large wolf.


Okay, and then other people come through. So, if you like do the door thing here then this could potentially be a market.


Oh, he's going to hook us up. He's going to hook us up, really.


I don't trust it.


Oh, I don't care about those guys. (laughter)


Yasha. She carries flowers.


I'm going to save my spells.


No, the one that attacked Yasha.


Yes, I'm going to move. Jesus, what's the fastest way to get across this stupid crevasse? Through it?


19. Was that right? And wait, it's for wisdom?


Let's track her. Let's just do it right now. Let's kill her. We can do it, she won't be expecting it. We can find her.


I-- shite-- take it.


We're all eating breakfast still right?


Blackfoot-- what was his name?


Towards it.


For the orphans, man.


No! Jesus, no. No, please. There were hyenas out here, right, posted as guards? If one of the hyenas had gone (hyena howl), would something have come out of this hole to come get us?


Which is really funny, because we did not plan on being in costume.


I take some of that holy oil that Vax gave me and I dip my finger in it and start rubbing it along the vines that are growing along the edge of the roots.


If I stick it in and I turn it and it explodes and I die, oh, I don't know, that's never happened before--


I'll, ah--


Do we have to get you gifts?


We have all of us seen magic in our lives.


I can make this jump.


I'm still sleeping.


Can I enter the room?


What did I say? You can't keep it in for two seconds. Not that I blame you! My god!


Okay. Well, let’s hide it.


Throw a rope over to get over.


Good gravy.


No! Yes. Okay, look. Listen, man. It's nothing personal, it's just last week's spot was a little rough, and we needed to have a safe, non-offensive spot this week.


His last attacks were reckless, so you could roll twice for both of them, if you want.


We have three days to collar it.


I think it sounds fun! Sure, why not.


Oh. That's fair.


Oh right, that.


Although I'm sure you're good at reading contracts as well.


There's a center cylinder.


Can you-- in this form, can you see me all the time?


Indeed. That's a connection worth the trouble.


Somewhat.


I hope he’s got a Counterspell...


We need to get back to the other side. Oh my gosh.


Beauregard does not either.


Nothing's free! (laughing) You've got to roll for everything.


(Texan accent) Drink of water?


Do it without the smile. Do it without the little smile! (laughter)


You don't want to know. It wasn't the cooking cook.


You were great.


That's pretty good, Grog.


Is Lockheed within range still? Can we see him?


Are we going there now? Are we resting?


This is fucking weird.


I can't get on Trinket?


Vo'el'el'ena?


Nine shots. Ten shots.


It's okay, they're safe. They came to help. Can you get out?


I don't know. That's why I'm asking. I'm a simple goblin. I don't know the world weary ways of a sailor.


Trinket is behind Grog.


And if someone spies on it, I don't want them to see you with it.


All right, Fassbender, can you drop this?


Is that a goblin thing?


She has.


And there's one hook left.


I sing a little song to inspire him. I sing, "When you're trying to skin a cloaker, here's some inspiration. When we're on a creepy boat, here's some inspiration. I want you to be near me--" (speaking) All right, that's it. (all laugh)


-- and just make sure they know we're coming.


I see, okay.


Two or three.


I'm going to sword it.


I have lavender with my armor.


(bink) Going well, guys!


Can he do it without arms?


Their width is consistent? And they seem clean?


Someone won.


I kind of want to talk to the tree.


Just the dice doubles?


If you want to hold again, I can get you up there next. If you want to hold your attack action. I can get you in melee range this time.


That sucks. Ten?


We all have tails. Mine's a little longer than the rest. (laughter)


You're our guide. Guide us. We're supposed to go where we're going, so you're supposed to get us there. How do we get there?


Is that single horse a mustang?


Oh, she's got Plane Shift, right?


You don't trust her?


It's still good.


We have, does anyone have a laser light?


A hot nap?


Important question. Do we know if the elemental plane is more like the waters off the Cayman Islands and it's crystal clear for hundreds of feet or is it like more murky, boggish Louisiana, Gulf of Mexico-type water?


Did you do this to them? Did you come to watch them die when they were playing?


You didn't feel them? You touched her hand and it just passed right through?


I saw you.


Beau had a fantastic observation. If we happen to see one of those beasts of burden on our way out tracking, maybe we could wrangle one up and use it as a bait.


Because Shapechange is considered a transmutation spell, whereas Seeming was an illusion spell.


Question. Go back two beats. You said, "Who cares about what happened before?"


How high up can I fly? Is it all dark up?


You're not giving it to me?


Is that a brain?


I'm going to inspire her.


Pinky-swear me, Yasha.


Like holy shit.


It's a rule. It's canon!


Nice. I would loot, but it's Percival's home. Do we see anything that looks like it could be a doorway leading down, or anything?


Yeah, you're going through Shaun's shit. What are you doing?


I have one question. If I wanted to try and double my speed or whatever, get around Orthax to Ripley, would I still be able to hit her at all, or would I have to burn all my attacks to get to her?


You turtle a little bit?


Go scrape that up off the ground.


The claw has about a minute, so hopefully it can dig something deep enough.


Plus 14, minus five.


Are they vampires?


I know some-- it's been bad, you know? Turned around a lot, and people have not been there, and they're supposed to be there, and they're not--


(Jester voice) Technically!


Do I see what?


Holy shit, where are my hands?


Sprigg, the world is on the brink right now. It's worse than hobgoblins. We've come here in great need, and the world is in great need, and the power that I offer you is making a difference.


He's going to swim towards Percy.


15,000.


That went well, right? That was really great, right? I was fucking awesome!


That's just a sentence you don't hear very often.


Yeah, don't women talk about their vaginas?


It will also put it at alert even before we get there. You send it in and it sees this other Jester and then it is ready for a fight.


I'm going to really quickly fix Bad News. All right, I fixed Bad News.


Did you lock that up that night?


Just ten.


If he's not, you will not survive this.


Yes. And can I throw it at Umbrasyl?


Do I have advantage? No.


I'm not tasty.


It is hell.


No, is that D-N-D Beyond?


Good thing you healed yourself, Pike!


I've never done it, you know more about this than me.


You know, we don't want to take up too much of your time, I was just hoping to learn two things. One, what is your name?


I have my hand on Yasha's enormous, rippling shoulder.


Thank you, Caleb. I think you can manage just fine, but I will-- I'm here for now.


It's a ghost ship!


I like having codenames.


Where did that come from?


It's been so long. How did you know where to find me?


Sure! Let's go!


Bon soir.


What about the Alchemy Jug?


No, it's great.


It's not my turn anymore.


(as Jester) Jester wants you to know that from home she is watching The Gentleman and making sure he is not cheating.


What if it's not successful attacks?


I am going to dagger, dagger, dagger the pixie in front of Scanlan, so I should get sneak attack? I don't have advantage, so I don't get sneak attack. That's three attacks. First one is shit. 19?


Yeah. At level two.


Let's at least make sure this cave is collapsed. We'll leave the chamber standing, but every entrance to this cave should be collapsed. We know there's three of them.


Eight for me.


Pretty sure I can.


Yeah, go for it, Vex.


Someone asked what alignment we are. First question, what alignment are our characters?


Can you Dominate the beast?


Wait, you guys are dressed like guards still.


Ah! I'll go in to the left.


I like lava pools. I like lava pools.


Yeah, cool.


You got a haircut! I love it.


Well, you are a humanoid. Which is, water is good. Which, most of you is water.


That'll miss.


Well, there's still time.


Scanlan, run!


She's going to carve him like a Thanksgiving turkey.


You are. You are Nott. Yasha.


We've known each other a long time.


Yeah. If she stays with us at least until tomorrow, maybe I can send a message to your family and let them know you are okay.


Which one do you want to hit? The orange one, the gray one, or the black one?


'I poop'.


Who's coming with Fjord?


Mazel tov.


Nott and Brave.


Were they drilling? I want to take a little bit of an inspection. Were they drilling with this thing? Is that why they had it?


One more thing.


Ten feet behind you.


Is there a cloud of red in the water?


Do I have Nott on the rope?


There's no manicured, open place around. It's just nestled among trees around it or--?


And because this is really annoying me, I'm going to give her a gut shot. Torso shot. Same thing, sharpshooter.


What the fuck actually happened down there? We haven't really gotten a clear description, and we're all confused.


We are so good at this!


If I take a step forward, does he look like it has any kind of reaction?


Lovely. Reckless, Great Weapon Master. Come on. Natural 20!


It looked so good.


All right, yeah. That's what that is. You know, I wanted to thank you for the book. I don't know if you read it yourself, but I read it cover to cover quickly. It was fascinating and very useful. [aside, quietly] I hope you're doing stuff over there.


Sneak attack bonus 3d6! Oh shit. All the dice.


They said your family was still there.


I know. This is the worst. I'm the worst mom.


And all your children are in danger, and we have begun communing with the gods. I extend slowly the wings and bow my head in deference to him.


Come on, Grog, we'll get you ice cream.


What's it matter to you?


I mean, Lucien, Noganon, what the fuck?


Thank you, Wil Wheaton, for not ruining our lives.


I won't be in a denim tuxedo, but I will wear traditional pirate garb.


Let's keep an eye out. Why doesn't whichever one of us is the one that can be sneaky and look around.


Ah, I'll take a look at the back-blades.


Quen'pillar?


I'm pinching Percy's nose and pouring it in his mouth.


I think Keyleth should read it. She's trying to lead her people.


Can I take a greater healing potion?


We saw that.


And Charlie? Can Charlie come?


Trinket was-- I think he had a bit of a crush. Trinket, did you have a crush on Tova?


One more opportunity.


We're leaving Kiki and just running?


Yeah. Matt and I are both in Warner Bros. Home Entertainment's Batman: Bad Blood! Which is out right now on Digital Download on iTunes. It's solid rock. Can't move.


Right? We found the owner of the house, and he's been frozen.


Okay. Am I close enough-- in theory, I wanted to be touching distance to Keyleth?


What's the fleshy thing in front of you?


If that's the direction you saw them head off in, check it out.


Yeah, we didn't know until we got to the airport. And then they're like, "You have to have one." And then we're like, "Oh, okay." Luckily, you can do it online.


So fucking method. Method, man.


Where are you at now?


Can I see which direction it's going back towards the mountain?


You have to slap it on yourself.


I have darkvision.


Except wait. Hold on, I get advantage because he's got advantage on smell perception. Oh, it's the same thing.


Yeah why stop at 1,000? Let's go for 2,000. (all laugh)


It's your ship.


Yeah, I think I'd like to do that. I'd like to at least cure myself with my level-1 cure, then.


Say your soul is forfeit.


And as a bonus action, I'll do a Healing Word on Vex. Right? You're injured badly?


To what the water?


Then there was a couple that Shakäste had in the--


Speaking of friends, we should probably check up on ours.


You weren't there. We almost fucking died because you weren't there with us, Scanlan. I hated you at that moment.


It's my bonus to activate it.


Aldowin. "Keep up the awesome work you're doing."


I'm curious about the gloves, myself.


Busy. Important.


The Elder Brain.


(laughs) Yeah, sure.


Come on. Natural 20! (shouting)


I'll think about it. Thank you.


Percival, do you know anything-- Do you know what's just ahead of us?


You trained us all.


It's not a good look on you.


Using an axe, I'd imagine.


Do a jump scare.


Sure. (high-pitched voice) I mean, sure.


Well, buddy, we're at sea now. We are not at the dock any more. You are trapped with us. We have questions and I don't want to alarm you. None of us want to put an axe in your head or anything.


We don't really have a lot of money at the moment.


He's done one before.


Around to the side or a closed door.


Will he?


Hey, you've been around barrels your whole life!


All right. 11 from the Keen Dagger.


God, robot!


I'm so horrified by this entire-- I'm going to take another shot at him, straight, with sharpshooter. Nope, that goes really, really poorly. That misfires, and I take, ooh, yeah, no. This may work. Okay. I take six points of psychic damage. So I take six points of psychic damage, and I scream, they're mad, I'm mad, we're all mad! It's driving us mad! Help us! Help us all! And I scream, holding my head and running into the door. Seeing if I can fake out the djinn to thinking that maybe things are a little complicated.


This is so beautiful.


Coveted jerky.


Do you think you're smart?


No, it's fine. I could probably figure out how much I currently have. It's just, Doty used to keep track of that for me.


Wait, are you whaling on this kid?


And you got to keep that man's money.


We did, yeah! Went to a smut shop.


Back in the bag of holding.


Oh, son of a fuck, come on Ash.


If you want-- we do have the stars on our side so we'll be able to navigate easier. We could drop sail and--


Sweet!


I'm just letting you know, you're not skilled with ranged attacks.


So action-action for my regular attack, right?


Does anyone want to hide these bodies that we've just scattered about--


Well, we could just use four and have two people hold on to the same cannonball.


No problem, we got this.


Doty, try your best to get in.


Yes, it's very stimulating. Have you ever seen imagery like this before?


He's making trouble.


Caleb's spells.


So bright, y'all.


We don't want to go try and bust one of the crests we already saw?


Yeah. Took the words out of my mouth.


Which is part of the deal.


So you're at zero.


I like to picture you in full armor with boat shoes on.


I've stopped. I'm good.


Can you help me build some sort of, maybe like, alarm system?


This would actually-- this doesn't give me an 18, this just keeps me at 17 because I was already at a +2 with my shield.


Uh, yeah.


Is this real? Is it a real thing? Is it real? He can do this?


Sky sentinel, what does that mean?


I think I know why he needs to go back to Vasselheim.


Ooh, whispers.


While he's busy, I'm gonna jet over next to Keyleth.


Just straight melee?


Do we not have a fire going?


With no weapons and no armor.


Do I understand how this triangle works?


That's where the guy that's causing the problem is, but it seems super complicated.


I mean there's also--


She's the best lay ever.


I look around. Has everyone left me?


With his jeweled dagger, I take out my dagger. I feel great.


And then time shifts and we're back in.


Gather up all of the shit we have to take and put it in the bag of stuff.


Right, remember, we were going to let him stay him the guest room, but he was like, I'm going to stay--


The little house.


Oh wait, not with advantage, or no?


I remove the handkerchief. I look at it. I inspect it like a jeweler inspecting a jewel. 18 arcana check.


Have we seen any of these threshold crests on our way in?


I envy your facial hair.


Oh yes, Dust of Tracelessness. He's got this stuff, we can cover our tracks.


Fucking druids are badass!


No, let's just do it.


Subs only, so if you want to ask questions next week after the show, make sure you subscribe.


Yep. And I'll use my bonus action to go into a rage.


Golden snitch!


Did we get everybody?


It's very handsome.


Why are you doing this?


Do you have any idea where he's been off to?


Into me?


A lair action for the kraken? 'Cause we're in its fucking fish-tank.


You know what? Fuck it. We're probably going to die, anyway.


I mean, he looked actually kind of frightened.


Okay, we'll go. We'll meet up with you guys?


Not in the middle, Matthew!


Okay, okay. Plan A--


Yeah. It'll just sit.


I mean, look.


But you have an alibi. It's hard to have an alibi when you mysteriously--


Thank you. That's what it totally sounded like.


Sorry! It was for a good cause!


Oh, shit. Too late.


Okay, well we're in a shady area, right?


--T-Y.


Oh, now. That is less.


I know. Real good at it. Why are you afraid of fire?


And are dying. Not dead.


I'm going to take a push shot, I haven't tried a push shot before, I'm going to do a push shot on that guy in front of me.


Do you want a donut this morning? It's a little more stale in the bag, I have to let you know.


That's the point of a meat tank.


Yeah, that didn't go the way I planned. My strategy went to shit.


No. I come from very far away. It took quite a long time for me to get here. I come from the land of Feren.


You know where Ol' Blemmy is from?


Just start pissing.


I pull Vex aside and say, walk with me for a moment.


I've taken my scarf off because it's really hot. It's really hot in here.


We can remember how to get back to that house, right?


The Traveler is with you all, forever and ever (low-pitched) and ever.


There's a website for that.


You will get a letter from me, good sir. You will get a letter, okay?


Tomorrow.


Errol Flynn this shit, is that what you said?


It's eerie, but do I see any living creatures or threats?


Is that 17 that she's--


Can I choose to hide instead of deceive?


So something bad could happen, and you'd run away, and we'd be stuck here?


Use the gaff tape. It's the best.


Well, so was the Feywild, and we didn't--


Well, I'd like to rage.


When I'm going "which one?" I make my second form just dart forward and start searching the body.


Heehee, hee. I pet them a little.


That's sexy.


You killed them all, Grog! You were magnificent!


Put two tables together, I guess?


Right under his chin, and it's going to punch him.


The bar that he's--


Oh! Okay, cool.


All of it's negated by deflect missiles.


We're stealthing, I'm stealthing.


Right before we go out, you mean?


Oh, it's so hard.


Stop!


NBC. At I think ten our time?


Okay. Reckless, great weapon master! 30 minus five is 25.


(singing) Because we're flanking, bitch!


I'm so glad you taught me magic, Caleb.


Is that how that works? Wow, cool!


That's never good.


Is it the Gauntlet? Yeah, I know, what is it?


What, do you want scales or...


We can fly over them, that seems like a pretty good attack point.


I'm so ready. I'm ready for it!


And where are you getting all of this insight?


We need to keep moving so that they don't catch us.


Sunlight is definitely something you should put in your arsenal. Whatever it's not used to being exposed to.


Zaafin?


Ah-- I. Hey!


He's talking to a whale right now somewhere.


No, without the strength modifier.


I'm not!


Oh, but I get another attack, because that's just one attack.


He was just courting us at first.


I mean, they'll die!


I'm going rat, and I'm going after Hosin.


Spider-man?


Shit, that's what I would call her. Odessa.


My costume is awesome.


Okay. We'll go. We'll go in with you.


That's probably wise.


Those are devils, and we saw one under Krieg's house.


We still look like Crownsguard.


Yeah, that might look a little weird.


Beeline to the tower.


What's the difference?


(giggles) I would like it to cry. That's all.


Wait, there's a river?


Anyway, back to the game.


Whoa! I don't feel good about that.


He's probably not well-respected.


Persuasion? God, please, for once in your miserable life. Oh man, eight.


Could you Prestidigitate this thing and make it look like an actual thing?


And he fell where?


May I ask how you came to be enslaved in this predicament in the first place?


Is anybody right next to it?


Who is that? Is that Keyleth?


You're supposed to be better at this.


I did not. I failed miserably.


He's an asshole.


You don't have to reciprocate it.


Not the circles, I meant the transportation glyph that we beamed into his--


Can I use my criminal background?


And definitely blood on the Wyrmwood.


Sorry everyone. Tiberius has returned. So, in character as always. So, the winner of the evening is going to win both a signed photo of the cast of Critical Role as well as a signed Player's Handbook of D&D's 5th Edition is: (clears throat)


Long lost son.


Just, you know, throwing out some ideas. That's all.


Raven Queen or the mansion?


If I may, Percy, may I make a suggestion?


12 points of damage!


Let's keep moving, yes? Yes.


Are you going to do something, Beau? I stick my head out. Are you planning a rebellion?


Yeah, I've earned it. Come on!


Scanlan, your burrowing. What means are you using for that?


Am I going to be able to heal enough what?


Gods.


Nothing, no.


You hit so easily.


Was is pillow or pillar?


It's up to you.


Yeah, he did.


That's going to be a dead pet.


Well, I mean, zombie combined with giants. We've fought zombies and we've fought giants, so I'm assuming it with a vague--


I guess we have to ask, like, hey do you have any cool collections? Do you play cards? Have you won a lot? Stuff like that.


We're not sneaking up on shit.


Do I recognize any of these runes?


How about that unseen servant?


Or the other one's invisible.


Oh no, that's huge, that's a huge monstrosity, she can't do that.


I'm going to shoot off a limb.


Watchmaster, I'm sorry it slipped my mind. Is there anywhere still open in town after all of the carnage that sells inks and paper?


Take that soda can pop-topper off me.


Picked a bad day to do your job, son!


For divine fury.


I say  For Strongjaw! And I sink the axe right into his neck and part him perfectly down the middle.


We're taking a short rest?


She's got the strongest windpipe ever.


Burn their room down. We've got to find Seeker Assam, or whatever his name is.


He's the coolest


Did we get a good view?


What if I shot off a Prestidigitation firework?


Holy shit, we survived! What was that?


Has it been an hour by the way? My Light spell still would be going so Caleb might be able to see the first area.


I know; it's crazy.


So, do you wanna get back to Whitestone?


(counting) 15 points of damage.


Well, that's on me and-- That's on me.


What's going on, where am I?


Fucking the best, man! It's the fucking best!


What what, you turned invisible and walked inside a house last time.


I want to try and go-- five, ten, 15-- can I go through Grog? Through there?


Yeah, I do, too.


It's nice to be on the road again.


Although, I mean, credit would help our, you know, reputation.


I'm at 38.


Strip on down there, Scanlan.


I run back to the tavern real fast. People have left, right?


This feels nice.


I read Celestial.


Some might say amber?


From this perspective, I can see your panic folder. It's so exciting. That's where the magic happens.


Don't tell me what I can and can't drink. (laughter)


Just dicks dropping into the ocean.


Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, was I able to see the entrance through this wall that the guards are up top on? What's the way in here?


I'll keep the invoke duplicity, the second me, skipping through the swamp at a distance.


It sounds so good, much like an audio orgasm, just saying. Crisp!


Which is 1d8 plus three.


Krakens suck.


Right. No.


(muffled) Oh, fuck.


Percy is very good at lawyering.


Yeah, can't move.


Is that halved because I’m raging?


A million arms.


Whoa, we were in the Feywild for a second there.


You get a plus four on something, right?


I have resistance, with my new exalted knuckles.


It was one of the funniest moments that we had.


Yeah, yeah, except half of the things won't do anything to it.


They're all over the place. (laughter)


We can't keep her with us.


I let out a little sleep fart.


At the same time?


Should we go or--?


Okay, so I'll try and be within eyeshot of the Bloated Cup, within eyeshot of you.


Eight, so nine?


Is this a trick question? There's everything. Most things are special about me.


Oh! Thank you! Yes!


You guys know Darin as the voice of Reinhardt from Overwatch, and many other things. But--


Yes, sorry! Rakshasa. I believe the dwarf is the rakshasa. I cast many things, and Keyleth is in there, nothing hit him.


Yep. Yes. That is indeed what I was hoping for.


To our keep. It was very important to him.


Let's go in there.


I'm going to slap her in the face.


19. Plus zero.


(singing) I feel so happy. So happy!


Triple threat.


You got part of the name? Part of the name.


Any weapons or items besides the chains and manacles on the floor?


Somebody just got home!


I'm in the room!


In fire elemental, just like--


He's lost visual range of the ball?


Oh. I'm pretty sure you just handed out an apology after you just said you weren't going to hand out an apology.


Let's do a little Mass Cure Wounds situation.


What am I doing? 14, 15, 16, and then plus another d6, so it's basically like Hunter's Mark, right?


As well as-- so you can now get our theme song as your ringtone on iTunes. We also released a free screensaver, that you can download, based off of the old flying toasters.


He's not undead. He's not undead, is he?


Then, there's this Sorris fellow. I don't know, he didn't seem like he's be a font of any knowledge.


That is ripe. We're leaving.


I grab his fingers and start to bend them backwards. I whisper in his ear: do you want to keep playing your fucking lute or not?


Yeah, is any of their armor still usable? Because we can pretend we're guards for some reason.


All right, so.


Now the door incident really makes sense, if some of us were really drinking in that tavern.


Compass.


Can you talk to me when you're looking through the cat?


He's in the kitchen?


He does. Trinket show them your wonderful shake trick.


(slot machine ringing)


I'm doubling back.


Man, I fucking hate this guy.


Are you sure you don't want to perhaps buy a fresh troll heart?


Senokir, if you saw a bunch of people who looked the same, that went from small to big, wouldn't you want them as slaves?


What if we went to the fields and we asked other peasants how we report to what's-his-fuck. Keron. Keron?


Just a moment. We're going to need those keys.


So 'yes' and 'no' get you through an awful lot.


We were told the name of the group that you traveled with, but I can't remember it now.


If the front one is slowed down then they're all going to be slowed through there.


I'm looking for a way to help Fjord right now.


It feels like it's a 3.2 earthquake, we need a 6.2 earthquake.


No, I'm just finishing the ones that are left behind! It is an atrocity to leave alcohol on a table.


We turn and leave.


We should keep an eye out. To make sure no more of those things come out.


Arm wrestling match.


I need better organization.


It did? What'd you, what'd you give me?


Great. Listen, there's been a lot of death recently and, well, just, I might die and stuff so, ah. Just don't read this until I do.


We're fighting the thing that's been in your head!


I'm going to stand there and think about being closer to the tower with my eyes closed.


We got the lay of the land?


A month would be better than a week--


I'm so glad to be out of that bloody city.


Animus freezes up, I throw it. Pull Bad News. Bad News freezes up. I pull Retort. That hits.


My neck slot (laughs). I don't know, Percy. What have I got in my neck slot?


At night?!


I only unfurled, so if Yasha can yank up that anchor, that'd be dope.


Why did you talk? I think she would've listened to me. (laughter)


Whatever your last name is again.


I'm barely conscious right now, right?


I will lick your die, because that is how I bless them.


Wait, shove him?


Okay, so Grog--


I can get it in between attacks. Technically not.


(as pigeon) High-Richter!


You look like you're trying to sell baked beans.


She's warming up to me, I can feel it.


Lovely. I believe you. Congratulations on being born into privilege.


I'm of the opinion that the problem with this bottleneck is we don't know what they are doing on the other side. It would be easier to assess what's coming and make sure that they can't-- if we take care of everything there, then we can assess what's there and they can't prepare or get more together. Have time to--


So glad I'm not in this room.


I'll be between Pike and Grog, right there.


These two?


I would prefer to inspect it. Are we going to stay here for a little while?


If you die, we will lower you from above like an angel on a fly reel.


Yeah, that was a weird amount of into you, wasn't it?


But these people, they can't really hold a tune so much.


How close can I get to it with the difficult terrain? Can I get next to Yasha?


It was a magical arrow.


Fourpony?


Wait, its blindness wore off? Oh, poop.


Sam, stop touching my shit. Look at that! He rolled ones, ones, and ones!


Not a compliment.


I wasn't sure what our next engagement might be, but it seems like we might not have to wait that long.


Did you Hunter's Mark him?


She's a morning person too? Jesus.


Yeah, I can't put it on the other side of the glass because I can't touch the other side of the glass.


You're going to vomit, Sam.


Okay. So I'm going to (stuttering) pick myself up.


Okay, I'm going to come over and be like I think we should hide and wait until these guys pass with this being the situation.


I don't smell good to begin with.


I'm with Nott!


And then for my bonus action, I'm going to-- I can't cast two spells, even if one's a bonus action?


(sighs) I may have left some of the fruit that we picked up in our last stop in the kitchen. I don't know what you've been eating for the last-- that's maybe my fault. I really hope it isn't, but--


Did everyone else leave?


Maybe. It's dicey. It's right on the cusp, probably, for two or three. Two is better than none, slowed down.


Yeah. (sarcastically) Oh, surprise!


24. 24 points of damage.


Yeah, tell us. We'll let you go.


Oh, oh well. (laughter)


I have his head in my lap and I'm slapping his cheek consistently.


Oh! We know where they're going. We know where they are. Why don't we ride ahead of them--


I'm a dwarf again.


It's okay. It's not a lot. Nine?


Slave trade or something sad-- yeah, like slave.


The poison is DC 15.


Wait, it's my turn first?


No, I'm hoping that hasn't happened.


(sings softly)


Turn him into paste, please.


However, Scalebearer, big high guy. Really important guy said not to make a scene. He said if we make a scene, that would go poorly.


Did you use my die?


Well, how do I help him? Because I feel terrible.


It's a sapphire pendant that should say, "To Lorna, my love."


Thanks for your time.


Do I recognize any symbols or see any symbols on the statues?


Did you just squeak?


Get out of there!


Now you have to do something terribly embarrassing, right? Or is that just Half Scrolls?


Give me your symbol.


I don't quite know what to do.


Question two. Does he know where it may be?


I sacrificed myself.


I'm glad to see your prickly demeanor is still in shape.


Five, plus- and the double goes to the sneak attack damage?


(weakly) Oh! Great!


Kara knows him, real well.


Thank you for your consideration and time. We'll be in touch, shall we?


He thinks it's Ripley. He thinks it's Ripley with the gun! Ripley's building guns!


Can't feel anything past the steel.


Couldn't just let him go in the trees.


It hurts every time, Pike.


What's your movement?


May I talk to him, as well?


I feel pretty good, I feel like--


The magic carpet is done?


And I take her around a corner. He kissed me.


I imagine you'll fill your sister in.


Don't you look, Travis!


And if we buy in bulk, what can you bring it down to?


I think manifest and then on the top of its turn.


Yeah. Eyes on the side where the rock guys were.


It means they hurt.


Yeah, so I can't even aim at disadvantage. Okay. What I am going to do is peek around the corner, and cast Haste on Beauregard.


Daddy issues, that's all we had to hear.


Is it the direction that we came from, or the direction that we are going, but down?


Yeah, I was thinking that if you wouldn't be opposed, we could go back to the Menagerie Coast, stop by your mom's place in Nicodranas.


With, you know, I'm going to do a little flourish, like pink energy comes out.


As she walks up, I grab Vex and I go, you will be so proud. I just haggled down this guy so well.


You look like you're snugly in there, I must say.


Yeah, sometimes you just got to leap, okay?


Lift off your mask.


(laughs) Oh my god!


I have to sing for dinner. You just say--


I didn't ask if that was his name, though!


I'm not going to say anything.


It's a nine!


Frumpkin travels over to Kiri and starts going (purring) as he nestles against Kiri.


It doesn't-- They're fairies.


Okay, good. And my little legs are kicking underneath me while I pull it down, cursing in Dwarven.


18 on the second.


Then can I do Cutting Words? Is it a melee attack?


Wait, wait, hang on.


Angry.


Yeah, walk away, you beardless bastard.


If I ask her about it. Let her know that I don't know anything.


Where did that camera come from?


Don't know who that is, Stormshadow.


Okay! Seeming?


Skeletor! Mine!


Grog will make wind.


Yeah, thereabouts.


I'm so terrified.


Maybe we will--


Survival check, okay, well.


Why don't we hold a special dinner?


Because he's dead.


Are there any guards that we can see right now?


80 feet up. Okay, I hang over the side and I will Lightning Bolt straight down into the eye of the tornado.


Don’t we have a lot of platinum? What are we dickering prices with?


What can it do? What is it trained to do?


Way to bring down the room.


Thanks. I was trying to not show my emotions on my face.


Excellent. He takes ten points of ice damage, or frozen damage or whatever.


That's 18 for the first one. Ooh, not good. Not good at all. Seven.


Hmm? No, I like you all.


It may not be smart enough to know that.


Yeah, I'm feeling good.


Then I'll kill it with fire. I will use my Wand of Fireballs to blast balls at it.


No. It's "many thanks to you." I think it's an I.


It's 15 feet away.


I have Imposter, right?


Did we take the money that was on him?


These are amazing.


A line of credit?


Breaking the game!


20%.


We're going to try to appear between the two of them. Exactly between the two of them.


You're going to let me go?


In this city, it's legal? Anytime? High noon, midnight, when?


How long is his long, blonde hair?


Damn it. Is this a real coin?


That's true, oh my god, you guys are never going to experience this ever again.


What do I know about Zadash that I could tell them? Can I tell them anything?


Your broom fell in the lava!


Did I figure that out with my check, or no?


If you have to go to battle, if you have a challenge, you kill somebody.


I'm an adult man!


I'll use my pathetic speed to try and match Caleb.


How old are you, again?


Do I do more damage to this guy, or do I heal Scanlan? Pike, what about you?


All right, here's the deal  we are dedicating the next four weeks to our favorite charity, 826LA. Now, for every 5000 dollars we raise, a new incentive will be unlocked for everyone.


Charge in after the distraction.


So we can't launch. We've got five or six guards coming at us.


Wow! You know, we did just defeat a really big snake? So maybe there's even bigger things coming up, you know?


27. 39. 48. 1d6. 53.


If it's turned towards Fjord, then I'm going to run around to the opposite side of it.


I've got an oil flask. I could drop down some fire but don't think it would work well either.


That cabinet had a mother!


Oh crap, okay.


You'll never work on broken... what is it? Mountain? Brokeback Mountain II? That was a horrible joke. Just forget I said that. (laughter)


Left hand, right.


Yes, and she has an Etsy store, actually Creature of Habit on Etsy. So follow her on Instagram and of course you can go-- she makes all these amazing flower crowns; she's basically a real-life faerie.


I see, I can't hurt him anymore, I see Scanlan, that's all I can really see?


Unless you're a cod.


We need to get out! Or take down the Elder Brain.


Would you do us the favor of having a peek around with your bird, friend?


Our brains are made up of water, right? Would you say that there is water in the like jello brain mold, like water molecules would be in it?


Get that long range. Get that runner.


That's very true. You do have an air of authority. You do! Right now, I'm feeling really awkward about this whole conversation purely from your face. Your face has done nothing, and now I'm just--


Kill everything.


Buy stuff in Vasselheim.


Yeah, okay. I give him two common.


I say we let Keyleth handle it. We swish out and camp for the night.


It's 1d12, ooh, four! Plus two magic, so that's six! Plus 1d6! Is four! Ten!


That's not the Death Knight?


So, how far does it reach?


And intercept him.


And can I-- awesome. 23?


For which?


I know. That's what worries me. I'll think about what you said. Maybe I'll go have a toss, see if that helps, too.


Yoyotoki Happy Ears. It's really weird and funny, and it's actually really awesome.


(singing) Any old time!


(laughing) I'm going to hold off. I would like to hold off, and maybe he'll come closer, since I seem to be an intimate sort of fellow.


No, I have two silver and five copper!


European, British giant shit.


Can I help? Does that make it easier?


That is him!


Should've had a breakfast!


Technically, that would have still been activated, so shit, that's right. Yeah, I'm going to use my bonus action to activate the other one, too. I'm going to see if I can make it to that little hill over there.


Lionel.


Scanlan, take a greater and a regular healing potion. Percy, take a greater and a regular.


Yes. Possibly.


Oh god, look at that smirk on his face!


Wait, I thought Caleb was the Bush Man. (laughter)


But we have this tree here. Do we want to knock over that tree and block the path?


Yeah, why don't we stop by the Nestled Nook?


Oh god! Am I close by him?


Would the Sarenrae temple still be open? It's a church. They're 24 hours, right?


This is like a Choose Your Own Adventure.


I pull two of the fruits.


Trinket, then me.


I use my Minor Illusion to create a purple third nipple on me that I show her and ask her if it's okay, or if it's--


Huh? No.


It's in your short rest button.


Scanlan, I think you would make a very good arrow for it. (All laugh.)


That was a leaner.


Maybe it's the whiskey talking, but I think we've got these guys.


Invoke Duplicity lasts I think a minute, yeah.


Are there any particular groups of people that are responsible for unsavory business in the city? Any identifying clothing or memorabilia they might have on them?


Beast Sense? Beast Shape?


Not you, her. What happened to her?


I told you why. I told him why. Because it's not healthy to sit there and just hide from your problems.


It is, actually. The first time.


12,300, you said?


In Abyssal, the verb goes at the end of the sentence, which is different than in Common. You might not have known that.


Do we also hear a little dryad voice?


You're the one who-- it's your thing!


I've had advantage on all saving throws this whole time and I haven't been using it.


Unless you really want to. Huh? Do you? Do you?


The Sluice Weave?


Here is what I am wondering  why we are still here. Yasha and Jester and Fjord, they didn't know each other before a month ago.


Well I'm not an eagle. But I am still poisoned.


Not from me.


I'm working out the kinks. I'm sorry. It'll be really cool next time I try it.


All 30 to 50 of them? Kill them all?


Nope, missed it.


Are those little zoomy magnifying glasses?


No, we're good. It's better. It's better.


We maybe need to go upstairs and scoop some of the dustbuster bullshit into these and bring them down.


Oh shit, it's in my car.


That hits.


I don't know. I don't know.


They're really that small? Are they super strong?


How is she?


I should just stay there if you’re going to make a door.


Physically, you're really sweaty right now.


Shit, shit, shit balls, shit.


For real-real, not for play-play.


Well, do we want to go by the Sluice Weave? Or is that going to be way too shifty?


I'm wondering about the other locations, though, too.


All right. You're more powerful now, aren't you? I saw you got a bunch of paper.


Now, you say 'hollowed out by shades'. Do you still look like a normal gnome, or?


We're supposed to plug him, right? I don't know.


Oh, I'm sorry, DM? This is after the fact. Assassinate, on any attack before the enemy's had a chance to take a turn yet, any hit on surprise is a crit.


There's a watermark up here. I can see it. It's amazing!


Okay! I'll do a Scorching Ray.


Crown of Madness piece of shit. Can I go ahead and send, using my action to maintain it, can I send that stupid ass back up the roof?


Ah, neither. It's in this--


Hey, does any of that symbology mean anything to me?


Good to know, Scanlan.


That's doubtful.


Somebody lost an arm that way.


Would you like a hug?


I'll look with Scanlan.


No, I know. I'm paying attention. First strike with the scimitar is a natural 20!


It's really nice.


Yep. I'm pretty fresh.


I never know if this is a spell attack bonus sort of a thing.


Take that, Wu Tang Clan.


They'll understand.


I don’t think that’s true.


Not the face. Not the face.


Kash money! (laughter)


You are so great at baking.


But we don't wanna hurt this thing, so what are we doing? Interference and distract and a couple of us try to smash and grab?


Yes. I pull out my thing, and I do my thing.


I feel like we should do something.


He's like the wind. (gasps) Maybe he was the Traveler!


Spiny.


Wait for it. "Oh hi, Grog!"


Lobey.


(whistling)


No, we were about to rest. Wow.


Fjord's right. No child should be separated from their parents. Unfortunately, this little one was.


Oh, with the buzzed head.


But it will fold.


Well different story. I think I'd like to fly down and get closer to everybody.


Ready for this? It's really cool.


Eh, you're fine. Suck it up.


Yeah, with her bonus action she would like to rage.


I'll pass. We'll just sleep with the ones we have or whatever


I think I'm angry with him, but I can tell you're also angry with him.


I'm going to make my way to the tree line and get ready. I'm going to make my way to a tree line sitting down. I'm going to try and get a nice clear shot the minute that I see anything happen.


I'm game. I'll go.


What if Matt sucks?


Finding Molly's all about who you know.


Brilliant!


(normal volume) Okay. That was Caleb. He wants me to go distract Avantika and Jumanji for a moment. Do you want to come help me?


So glad we're not really outside, we're only physically outside. We get to be at the table, and it's so nice!


Let sleeping dogs lie?


[imitating him] Borth your swords!


Is this one? Okay.


That's not great, but it's not bad. 20.


I go outside and I dump it.


It's going to be fine.


Yes. She was also, I mean--


Oh, for Yasha.


He's everywhere.


Did we get rooms?


How many doors are there?


I mean, I'm not crazy!


It seems like a waste.


(sighs) Light a fire.


Oh dear, that's no good. (all laugh)


The rest of you are welcome.


We might have business with you, if you've seen a halfling come through.


Motherfucker.


I will sing at him, (singing) Counterspell, baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me no more. Counterspell!


We are apparently committing an act of piracy.


Raven King! Wooloolooloo!


This was for a larger creature, like, giants?


I thought you were going to say makes us feel a little uncomfortable.


We didn't want it to turn into a reality TV show.


I don't want every stitch. None of it's worth you leaving.


Is there anything else to catch fire that would travel upward toward us as we're climbing a towering inferno?


Didn't you just say I will see you there?


(squeaks)


She said six?


We could buy Korshad a drink.


We can make her not stone, except we didn't get a chance to.


(whistles) I whistle as loud as I can.


What if all but a couple of us snuck into one of these buildings and waited and a couple of us made a stink and got a significant number of them to chase across the bridge.


I'm not going to die to this bitch.


He's on Caleb's back!


That's what I was asking.


So now I kind of know where they are.


10d10!


Hold on, yeah, yeah, I'll give a-- piggy-back you up, come on. Just wait a moment.


Pike! Ask the dead guy who it is.


I just said, the path would be clear.


Just for clarification  which door is back into the keep? That one. Okay.


Is she out of the room?


I'm going to help Jester try and clear the tracks while she positions bodies.


She has a cute animal.


So I have 25 more feet?


Gives us an extra day for Pike.


Oh, she is the one!


It just has to make a dex save of over 13.


It didn't burn, right? You lived. Great job.


(whispering) Reginald.


He did have a name. What was the name? You wrote it down.


(grunting) Thank you!


Xhorhas. It's a creature from Xhorhas. I'm pretty sure, I don't know. We'll see. God, I'm remembering something.


Ooh, nice.


I'm really excited about the notion of a Delilah potted plant.


I've only gotten drunk once in my life.


We've got Pass Without a Trace, so we should be all right.


I cast - no, no, never mind. I’ll hold off. Keep walking.


Yeah, we saw them.


All right. Do you need me to yelp it again? All right, I will roll an investigation.


Now, this is the Vex I miss.


But Percy, to be fair, you've had a bit of a weakness with, you know, evil entities being attached to you.


I'm going to go stand on the bed!


It was a great plan.


I thought he was in the cage!


The outside gem. Break the outside gem!


500 feet.


(groans) That was less. 11.


Go for it.


As our ship sinks slowly in the west, we bid farewell!


Why should we trust someone who chooses not to reveal itself?


Because you said it was magical!


Do my Mirror Images blink out too?


What, what!


We should've fought the fucking werewolves.


None of us went in the water.


What about this guy?


Yeah, take it, bitch! Glitter bomb! It's like a Kesha music video.


I'm sorry! I'm sorry, you didn't get to kill anything. I'm sorry.


Still crossing the streams?


Our group inventory, though, is nonexistent right now.


I reach out and I stroke his bicep because I can't hear that.


Sharpshooter!


Oh wait, no, but we're seeking help of the Richter.


Okay. Question  as a fire elemental, I can fly, right?


This'll still work. Spread, and let him run right into the range of it?


I agree, yeah.


Is he pointing in a general direction? I look where he's pointing. Can I see anything?


I'm not undead!


He's a little embarrassed. His penis gets a little limp after a few drinks.


We're already on the bed.


Would that be all right with you, Grog?


youtube.com/criticalrole, I believe.


Because we're here. It's warm, we make money.


Well, how honorable are your people, if you fell Kevdak or whatever the fuck his name is, will the rest stand down?


What's going--


Got you. 19 to hit.


I rolled a 2, and then I have a plus 8.


This one you throw?


Wait. Are they in an underground base?


Is that like five, ten, 15, 20--


Is it like reaching into a sack for you, even though it's the earth?


I'll be in the cart.


I grew up in Shadycreek Run. Everyone's favorite pastime there is stabbing people. No. I didn't have a nice... growing up.


Well, we're called the Mighty "Nine," aren't we?


Okay. Sweet, I can't even get out of this water if I wanted to.


No, I'm down near the cannons.


I just learned that.


Yes, how did you fare?


Did I get to do an action on that last one?


Not unless I'm raging.


Tiberius? Do you have any vials left over? Empty vials?


Hanging on a tree branch under the lake.


I can see this is going to end up with an Office parkour gif in your future.


I'm ready. In honor of our impending trip to Chicago, I'm dedicating this ad for D&D Beyond to the Second City. One disclaimer: like all accents I do, my Chicago accent is "harrible." (laughter)


May your list be ever long, with your-- list.


I'm going to use Cutting Words to reduce the damage. As I see the tail coming, I pick up my book of Shakespeare insults, and I will say: with thy brawls, thou hast disturbed our sport! I love thee not. Therefore, pursue me not.


Okay. I sit down. Oh, do we see his handwriting anywhere? Any letters?


Should we attack now? Just the two of us?


Does that get advantage?


Bad News was built during the changeover to 5th Edition. Took about--


It's not for me.


I would like to no longer be flanked by them, if that's at all possible. So I will move back. Sure.


Knock-knock-knock.


Plan A, into plan B if it doesn't work!


I mean, that's basically what's going to happen.


I don't know. Can I do a nature check to see if this is above my capabilities?


That she's the full Long John Silver.


Nah, you'll be fine. (whispering) She's dead. She's dead. She's definitely dead.


They're downstairs!


How long have they been here?


Okay. All right. I back up so that I'm not in the fumes.


Oh okay.


Did we just have a short rest here?


Well you were going to say that and then the gray thing went into you.


On five people.


Does that name mean anything to you?


You look so cute.


Take care of my boy, home-state. Be good to him.


I would like to do one thing before we leave the room. I would like to take something, set it on fire, and toss it on those books over there.


And not a drop to drink. (background chatter)


(laughs) Dragons don't stand a chance! (laughter)


When I hold my action, can I also hold my bonus action with that?


I think I hear something. Do you hear that? It sounds like small little violins that I hear. Do you hear that?


Do we look pretty obvious?


God damn it, Cordell, we pay you!


Everybody shut up and let Grog go on a one man, solo kill spree.


Could you do mine in henna? (laughter)


How about you and I, we can be in the front.


Where's Trinket?


Am I within 60 feet of the old lady? That's pretty far still. Don't know whether I am or not.


(Grog voice) Wrong direction!


(AOL voice) Goodbye.


Vecmeyer?


Well, my spell is going to make noise, right? Should you guys stealth-kill first?


Bats go in swarms. We're all bats.


Quick, use your spells!


That's what my friend thought.


I pat him on the shoulder. Thank you.


I give him some water and some little food.


Four to the lighthouse, two to the Wharfmaster. I like it.


All right, we'll start with a boost. And I give him a healing word.


Yeah, I'm going to fly up.


Of the red robe! Look in the pockets of the red robe!


Yeah, I'm bamfing him out right now.


You're in another game.


Don't worry about it. (laughter)


I'm keeping an eye on the south.


Wow! Holy cow.


Oh, just making sure.


You do have a red filter?


No boots.


All three? Take one? Kill two, leave one?


No. 22.


Grog, you're on the end there with the rope.


Everything's been bothering me lately. She's not helping. Do you want to read this?


Because the shaft curves to the right, y'all.


(disgustedly) Five points.


You have to do it!


Except mine.


Oh! It's a store!


She's a little bitch. (laughter)


I'm going to go over to Grog and Cure Wounds at fourth level.


Let's do it, let's--


And I took these from your beach. It doesn't seem right.


Hold, please.


25, you said?


We would appreciate that, actually.


But I would like her to have a quiet mark in this city.


No one there did anything nice. Okay? So fucking imagine something shitty, and I probably did it, okay? I'm not proud of it! I'm trying to turn a new leaf, as it were.


You know, water is not very hard to come by, so I can--


Whore check! (all laugh)


All right, pull in a winner.


I like your hair!


That's disadvantage.


Ten. So wait. 13.


Nah, we need two hats or something.


Yeah, that was good sound effects.


Can I draw the general gnoll peeing on a little fire hydrant and the rest of the gnolls behind him fighting over a bone?


Thank you. Ten and 18, is 28.


(whispers) Don't say his name!


Because I have questions.


Yeah, I know, aren't you the tracker guy?


Wait, is that why what?


Who was touching my dice? Why were they out already when I got here? Samuel, what did you do?


It's an 18, I get 18 plus whatever.


It is like one luck. That lasts for eight hours.


I'm trying to make it to the orb that he was too weak to pull out--


Guys, there were more that I didn't even draw. There was the Lin Manuel Miranda-boleth. (laughter)


I don't know, but we also, we broke down the barrier, so Vasselheim can defend itself a little more.


But also--


And at the very least, Kima can be waiting inside the mansion, as can our lesser stealthy friend Pike. At least keep them in there.


The house where I saw the guy who was peeking and saw me, he saw me, I'm going in there.


Did he ask, like, a decision by a certain time?


Who has divination, though?


Yeah. So I'm going to be using my sharpshooter for this.


Kind of new to it all, to be honest.


Oh, yeah, that fails.


Bigby Hand? Nice!


(laughs) You just ate a person! You just ate people.


She could've been in on it, and just got right away with it.


11 for investigation.


Fire good!


Did he go down?


Okay, I will hold that until she comes in the room.


Oh, yeah. Oh, shit.


Perimeter.


Awesome black suits.


How many robes do we have? Are we going to claim that we're there to relieve them of their shift? Is that what you're pitching?


Ornna, you might as well come clean, this is classic you.


Yeah, look, you may go back to your fluffy bed, but my man's in the deed and I'm sticking around to slap hands afterwards.


We'll do library first. Then we'll pull Matt.


We'll see, yeah. Right underneath him.


What's that stuff up there? I'm going to start hobbling towards the bottom of the stony steps.


Keyleth takes the potato. Okay, give it to me, give it to me.


Nope, yeah, it's pretty empty right now, I know this.


I actually want to ask Frumpkin to do something from on deck.


Or meditating.


Oh god, he is.


Yeah, it's going to be in Lancaster next year.


There's a little bit of Big League Chew.


We could put her under the tree.


Everyone stand back! Caleb's going to do a thing.


Oh yeah, we've got to wake him up now! Cause he's almost dead.


You've got to say hi to your sister.


What is my face?


Still a game.


Stay in school!


Three more? That seems terribly unfair.


Trinkets!


That's pretty good.


And pull up just a handful of coin.


And not a donkey.


The one that we know is a problem.


We take it to the Herald of the Hall.


Remember the blood we spilled for your people and your safety.


But against dragons it does specific damage.


You're a fighter, you're a strapping young battle man, aren't you?


Does it hurt?


So what's your play tomorrow?


He's here. He's just getting ready.


Nice. No, my thing's dead too. He double-fucked us.


No. There are traps. We've marked them. It's also disturbing.


Don't say that, Scanlan. You've got a cube!


The one on the hill.


How many times have you been hit in the nuts in your life?


Maybe don't do that.


I'm rerolling that. Seven.


Yeah, but he said that they were traveling under the mountains, and Kamordah is a mountain town, so...


Percy can you make a bomb?


15. 12. And 17.


The chain devil.


That's pretty chill, yeah.


Here is how I would like to contribute. First, I'm going to disguise myself when it is time. Not yet, but I will make myself look like voice actor Charlie Adler. I will be salt-and-pepper-- I'll fit right in on the docks.


Caleb is futzing again with the rock and just sort of massaging the four days of stubble that he has grown back, and his facial hair comes in as fast as Liam's does so it's already pretty thick.


God, yes.


I have negative two wisdom.


Do we need to do this right now? Can we take nappies and come back?


How about the type of beast that we know would scare them, like that big triceratops thing that we saw with the big metal thing on it.


Artagan, this is weird as fuck.


You ate a soul? What did it taste like?


Later. Not now.


I'm going to guess, too, because he's asking out loud.


I shut the door.


Do you guys deal in magical weapons here?


It was such a good try.


Behemoth. Is it dead? Undead?


I've never seen this before.


Well, there's no saying that it will activate if we do it correctly.


Kaylie. I think.


I should have done it 3rd-level!


What if we take a short rest?


The Take's not coming out to retrieve our bodies.


All right. They can't even make it in the next turn, right?


Hi, Gilmore.


Come on, let's get you undone. I start undoing the braid.


I'm gonna keep this flyer.


We walk.


(whispers) Fuck, I'm not good at this shit.


This is the hammer chain?


Goddamn it. Okay. Let's put that away, then, and let's take some psychic damage, because that's funny. Oh, that's great. Okay.


Putting on the Ritz!


Start with Tiberius. We'll work our way down.


Like a B & B right?


She had stealth boots.


It's Grog, then Percy.


I think that sounded like a bird talking.


Yeah, they'll fall in the lava pit, just shove them off the side.


(Valley girl voice) Oh gosh, isn't the water just so beautiful? Man, it's--


We found one book that we could read, and one book that we couldn't.


We give a big shove.


I'll be behind Yasha.


Did you eat it or did you put it up your butt, because it depends.


DM, I'm throwing a dagger at the queen.


Yev is wearing it, from Backblaze. But nobody here is, but they're so soft and they're amazing. We also have hoodies and hats and patches and nail wraps and stickers.


The roll reflects the vaguety of my question. Vaguety. With a big old seven.


Whoa. Ow.


We'll see. Probably, though.


Are you a good dad?


Chent?


I'm sensing a lingering sibling rivalry.


It's another damn ghost wraith thing ghosting in.


I trust him with my life. I pledge my allegiance to you, sir.


Dagnabbit. Okay, fine. Instead I cast Prestidigitation and I make a little glowy orb, and it's a little flickery, and I cast-- I think I can maybe try, what, 15 feet?


Yeah, high rolls!


Yeah, all right. Run for your life.


You can assist.


The violin.


Uno, dos, tres. Quatro.


It says the DM will have the creatures.


Adrenaline.


Well, we have one god heavily in our corner, but we need to go and beseech the help of others. We are not enough, in this instance. We need to fucking go and talk to Sarenrae.


Thanks a lot, Nott! What are we doing here?


(singing) Dashilla the cursed.


Oh, and last thing, Vex took me to Syngorn on one of her trips. Spent some time with little sis. Not as much time with Dad. Some time with Dad. We're all right.


I have the cloak, yeah. Yeah, dibs on that.


So the second one, can I make it-- we don't know how high this thing is. Can I do a Great Weapon Master for the second one?


Oh, and we don't have the armor anymore, we gave it back to him.


That's a good deal. I leave to find that place.


Yeah, at least she's directing fire.


I see Vax the next morning and I say, Look, your sister gave me one of her blue feathers. It's because this is the darkest timeline.


Oh, very good.


Wait, who's doing what?


Shh! Quiet! Be quiet!


I'm going to take a handful and give it a smell. (sniff) Mmm. Look at that, he's useful now. That's good; that's so good.


We can go down there, I don't care.


I'm not used to being around people all the time. I have one real friend, and that's Z. I'm only with her because she saved my life. I'd do anything for her. Everybody else is odd for me.


Venetian silk.


Tree.


A decent amount of people.


Ask about what the rock is, so you can find where to dig.


But it's so ugly.


I'll see if I can discern something here a little bit better. You go. Go check it out.


We should find Lawrence! We should see if we can find him!


Not since we left. The last private game before this.


Wow! How do you want to do this? That's the logo that's on the shirt that's for sale right now.


I would love to. I think your cousin wants to speak with you.


You've been great this whole trip.


Yeah. What's up with that?


Did you start with 50, though?


And you still haven't.


Times five?


Oh, you didn't even need to.


When did you do that?


I forgot how weird Doty looks.


All right, but can they see the area?


It doesn't pick up. Don't defend this shit!


Have fun, you gnomes! (magic crackle)


Yeah. He's sweating, he must be nervous.


It's like Cooking Mama.


Has that happened to you before, by the way? The whole, "waking up coughing salt water" thing?


The water's moving. The fish are getting air. You know why I love this, guys?


16. Carl!


All right, I'm gonna run up to the back of Tall and Ugly, and try to stab him. I'm gonna do the reach-around again, and try to stab him in the eyes.


Any movement, nothing crazy?


Take it, take it. Give it to her, please.


Does it feel like a trap door?


We're all in the glass.


Here’s the thing, having seen people be bribed before: you need very large sums of money for bribing. Especially with rich people. They’re not going to need 500 gold to do this sort of thing, they want 5000 gold for this sort of thing.


No. No. This was a land mine waiting to be stepped on.


What a call. What. A. Call.


Such fake geeks.


How might one spell Kord?


I could do it with you, if you want.


Doesn't say there's any saves?


All, right cool. I avert my gaze but I listen very carefully to the sound of where it's coming from. (Taliesin whistles)


You were great out there.


No chance.


I'm calculating shit. I'm scared to death.


I look at the group and I go--


I was going to feel really guilty about killing that thing.


Was that what did it?


But I rolled so shitty on that nature check before, right?


I have to roll again?


Yeah, I'm holding my attack.


This is practically a ball pit, yeah.


But we could try to keep it quick.


You're committed now.


We would've been a bunch of whales slamming into shit.


No. I think that may have actually come with us, that might have been us.


I am following your lead. But--


Of course they will. It's where all the money is.


You said three points, right?


(laughing) Tenacious D for the rest of this fight, please.


I'm going to wave at him.


Oh, come on, don't demean him.


And as far as we know, this other group did not have the help of gods.


Yeah, I want to!


There's four of us in here, and four gems left.


I'll take a round.


Shit. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself, and then I'm going to leap off the wall with great flourish and land next to Caleb. Okay, that's a good idea. I'm going to land next to the guard. Then I'm going to skip away to the building.


I am as well, Scanlan.


That's her name.


You taste like a seaman. (laughter)


Gesundheit.


Damn, 2d10?


Do you have Pass Without a Trace right now?


Natural 18. 22, I believe. 22.


That hit.


What happens if we hit a door on this right-left-straight-straight-left-straight-right?


You're going to stay with your new friend. You can't come to--


We're celebrating Grog, right?


I'm going to give that a big fat no.


But I have to get his body somewhere.


--Me--Ha--Me--!


Oh my god! Coffee sounds amazing to me.


Movement and a bonus? (sighs)


Is that what you did with the coin? Is this the coin trick?


Yes I did.


What does he say?


Well, we're dropping him off.


I'm going to run to the little stone pile, and out of idle curiosity, I'm going to try to shove a bunch of stuff away to see if there's anything in there, look at the stones or anything.


We're glad you're safe. We want to make sure you're out of here before any real damage comes to town.


But you like it. You like it. And I keep going.


You were fucking naked a second ago.


What happens if you look over, do you see yourself?


Seamen, seamen, everywhere.


It is a little weird to be making promises, though.


What are you talking about, 'who is that'?


Do you ever want them to stay there?


Well you-- you are, too. Pleasure to meet-- make your acquaintance.


So you mean, Trinket is doing what Trinket always--


For 12.


Hashtag blessed, though!


Grog, have you even thrown a gnome as an attack.


Cool. I'm going to keep hitting him. I have my hasted attack.


That's progress.


Yeah, but there was two people standing next to that door.


Oh, I'm sorry, we weren't clear. We came to discuss it. We don't have it now.


Duty.


(laughs) As Percy walks by.


It’s pretty dark here, right?


Wait, what does he look like? Short guy?


Fuck. Sure.


Do you have a key to the grates?


It's effective.


Use node in case of emergency.


You spent a thousand gold!


Can we take an intermission break at this moment?


I'm going to get on my broom.


You looked blissful.


Yes. I would like to move. Oh wait, he's not dead yet.


I give my armor a sniff.


Buckle up!


And I want to try a few tricks with the golem, but throwing that out there. Go ahead.


That was a good exercise in restraint, Grog. Proud of you.


Don't worry about it, Keyleth, we'll talk about it on the way.


All right, I'm going to fucking Hunter's Mark him.


I thought you enjoyed games.


Cloaking device?


Go on and reach in there.


That's the one.


You roll? You roll? Who rolls?


My fucking god!


Good, that's good.


So, look them in the eye? Got it. (all laugh)


Oh, that's right. 22, that's it.


That's where I lost you, then.


Could be worse.


Nott, do you want the middle?


At the very least, then, I'm going to--


23, right.


Let me do it again.


Why? What happened?


Okay! I think I know where it is. I scoop up Nott.


You said "human", right?


We're fucking rich!


Copy?


I'm going to focus on the thing.


Of the loch, yes.


This is the omelette. Where do we want our allies? Far away from the red dragon?


We're backing up to where we're not in the middle of the acid.


Did we get the Pass Without a Trace?


20. Natural fucking 20!


That's why I talk.


Or Grog will pull your arms off.


You don't think they would have done that?


But if it comes out then we can banish it or kill it and--


I have zero d6 right now. I don't what happened to mine.


You guys tried--


I think you should erase that and write seven.


20, got it.


Because she looked like she had full handses, but--


That's what I hoped. They take 3d8 plus two bludgeoning damage.


Fuck you! Five plus, I don't know. What is it usually, seven?


Now, if I don't survive, loves, I do have some magic on me. So this staff has runes. You can scratch them off and magical things will appear! And this horn, if you blow it real loud, it will let out a tremendous thunder that could bring down the entire cave.


Let's go there and rest up.


I just don't know what to do about it.


May I ask, what are the Vestiges of Divergence?


How tall are the--


I'm going to move, I'm going to charge north, just to split the group up a bit.


Like an animatronic sailor!


I throw a dagger.


I'm taking that shot, because I can shoot forever.


Can I give Inspiration to mister Vax over there?


And the Primordial said no.


I have my hasted action. Is there any point in hitting him?


And I'm bringing the boat around so that people can get on really quick.


Can I use my healing kit and help heal him? Does that work, or does it just bring somebody back to consciousness?


Oh, let's go! This is on. It's fucking on.


What do you think, you think we should camp out here for a while and keep an eye on the road for a day or two? See if we can intercept? And if they never show up, then we need to figure out going into the city.


Like, die, or like he "ah" fell?


16. 13. So 16 plus whatever--


I'm trying to come up with a fake name.


Did you use the cone? No, you can't use the-- oh, you could use the cone.


He died at the palace.


I'm good. I'm still alive. And I get up. I go, (slurred) Who's-- who's next? And I run over--


18 and a 19.


We're going to tie a rope to you.


Seeing Beau go in ahead of me, still sitting on the table, I mutter a word and cast Knock and the manacles fall away.


He's fine. Bear-ly.


Okay, let's all die together. 13.


I know, but it still was a roll.


I've seen a lot of dicks. That is what most of them look like.


How many fingers is this?


I'm going to go to the one place I know, which is the portal just beyond where Grog entered.


Matt's falling apart.


What about the other one? (laughter)


Wait, would I know--


I don't know if this is possible. Can I use Banishment and target one of the ghosts that's actually possessing them?


And it explodes in his face and he's knocked prone.


Team stealth is stealthing as far as we can, yeah?


Can we send somebody down to try to find the entrance and get in before the rest of us go down there and flounder around?


(sobs) I hug him again. I want to go, I want to run. I don't know what to do. I look inside and see if there's any way that I can pull further to get Kitor out too.


He was cool.


Come on, Tiberius.


You didn't tell me that the guards all hated you.


Warhorn.


I believe neutral good.


Kash, is that--?


Hey, you guys, we're town heroes! What's it feel like?


It makes her the instigator, at the very least.


An ally nearby, was it not?


Meanwhile, back up top, I'm saying, they're not gonna find anything. They're not gonna find any tunnels. (all laugh)


Do they say "In Xhorhas We Trust" on them?


That would be a three.


But how do you know that will happen the next time? Is that always where you're going to place your bet?


Beautiful. Maybe erase your browser history.


Can I go over to the dead body that Kima threw into the middle of the room and cast Speak With Dead?


Okay. I will-- do we want to crack this shit open now?


Where’s he going?


Wonderful. We get the refugees out, we go to Whitestone, we talk to them there, we use the Misty Walk thingy and go to Vasselheim, talk to the Slayer's Take. This is perfect. Problem--


We already have a job.


Would I know if after the spirit guardian has passed, would he just go back in his cave?


Yeah, but we'll be slow.


We squeezed about as much as we can out of that one.


Spiritual Weapon it?


Disguise Self!


I thought we waited for the hat.


Okay, I'm going to see if I can take the grappling hook and swing it around and grapple.


Travis wouldn't, but Fjord would know.


Yar.


I kind of want to go work the blood out, Scanlan or not. I like Lionel. He's funny.


I certainly feel like I have gained abilities, yeah. I don't know though. Is this where they were headed?


Thread. Lock.


Okay. So I'll just quickly-- are you guys ready?


This Vandren, you say he told you about the Sword of Fathoms or he had a Sword of Fathoms?


Seven?


I knew it was Blur!


It is a sad day.


I feel like we're not one to speak on curses and bad things not existing.


It's also-- It's not a trap, is it? Because there's no weight to your illusion. What would have been set off?


Something. It's a hollow victory.


We're all on iPhones and you're on a Windows phone.


That's true, for sure.


Aw, come on.


(whispering) What if it's the guy in Percy?


Which adds plus ten, so 28.


What difference does it make?


Like, can see us?


Oh hell no! I can't see or hear a thing.


We can make him a mask at the very least.


Arcane magic.


Maybe if we call out to him, he'll talk to us.


I'm doing this thing.


Do what thing, darling?


I want that.


I can go ahead and brush up on healing spells, as well. Make sure I come a little bit more well-equipped, just in case.


Let's girl talk.


Caleb comes up behind.


If you burn--


I raise my blood axe...


I don't know how to spell exalted.


Still stealthing.


Float it into the Bag of Holding!


Wilhand?


You rolled a seven.


(laughs) I'm here now.


After a good giggle.


JB said that you would have to bring this curse on yourself. Have you been up to-- be straight with us, we're all on the same team, here.


I walk in, and I inhale as deeply as I can as I shove my face into the blood.


I'm going to turn to the other guy and pull the ripcord on the glove angrily. (revving)


Keyleth blocks as much as she can and goes (earth elemental speaking).


I've been so taken out of this fight, it's driving me crazy. I'm hanging from vines, I see Wolfman come up, I'm not gonna be left out of this. Can I try and Tarzan my way over into the fray? All: Yes!


It's a type of metal--


Gods damn it.


Don't, don't. Not yet, Keyleth.


Okay. I forgot this last time; as a siege monster, I can deal double damage to objects and structures. I'm assuming this is a structure, yeah? If I want to, like beat through it?


I did, but I did it as an action, not on a bonus action, and you said I didn't have to use a ki point.


Can you do a magical check on the-- Oh, he's got it.


Like holy shit, did you walk around going like, "Oh, holy shit!"


Did it follow some sort of regular schedule or was it just out of the blue?


I'm just going to calmly keep moving the cart by them, and I'm just going to wave back and say, "That's some great leather you're wearing there. You look great."


Hi! How are you? I have some arrows in me at the moment. You like arrows, don't you?


Can I assist on that?


What if this is a clue or something important?


Okay. I'm going to walk towards Grog. I'm going to join him.


Did anything happen?


Seems pretty aggressive for a favor.


See if you're going where I'm going on this.


I still do disadvantage.


Go, Buddy!


Well said, Grog.


So I can actually put Bad News away and actually deal with this?


God, what do I do? Cast Armor of Agathys on myself and smash my head into the crystal?


Oh, so we're all fucking fine, let's just get out.


You weren't here.


We can talk about this tomorrow. Let's just go get him drunk, he'll probably tell you if he's drunk. I'm sorry, you're right in front of me. Let's go have a drink!


I've written a folk song.


Yeah, I'm gonna open it.


Am I making a mansion for the rest of you?


Oh, it's possible. Nothing is impossible.


No, that's not it either.


You said that out of game and I can't say anything about it.


No! None of you did.


Wait, what’s happening?


Do you mean, are there like-- is there any wildlife, any bats, any type of animals, anything like that?


So what are we, then?


Schmidt!


Not my computer.


So we're talking about doing this. Hey, DM? Logistical question: how many days does it take me to make a 4th-level scroll? Spell. Spell scroll? 4th-level. How many days?


It's far away on the horizon, the little bump?


(groans) I'm so mad!


Level four, let's go! (laughter)


We're going to have to be super--


Before that-- I'd forgotten how long you were gone.


Who was?


What's it do?


I'm still happy.


Is there clutter on the desk at all, or decorations and stuff?


I wanted to meet Pops anyway. He sounds interesting.


Sleight of hand? 22.


Well, he was about to walk out the door and cause mayhem.


A very similar design, so yeah.


What would I like to do with it?


Thank you so much, Dockmaster.


That's better. 14.


Did you guys see National Treasure?


I have a question for you.


