No. We did not die. We, in fact, succeeded in taking care of those creatures. Under-- dark-- carpet.


Rat horde.


Why does he keep doing that?!


But if this gentleman, if I may call him a gentleman, can escort us to the right cell block, or whatever, that might be very, very handy. I don't want to spend any more time in hell than we have to, and as much as I usually hate employees revolting against their employer, I feel like we've got a bird in the hand, so to speak, and we should strike while the iron is hot, if I can use many, many cliches all at once.


Has this happened before?


That was very rude. I am so sorry.


It's 13 because I'm lame!


As is his undergarments on for--


We're in.


That definitely hit.


Bravery!


I put a rope down.


It's necromancy.


Deception check. Okay, I'm using Luck to go again.


Do it. Do it now, do it quickly.


(death rattle)


On behalf of the Mistress Ioun, I speak in her name. And I'll hold up the stone.


Just had to beat a ten.


For Trinket!


Convincing enough?


Like Rocky IV.


I thought we put it in a box, right?


Hard to say, I don't think so, but I don't know.


Newbie!


Well, I tried Fatty Arbuckle. I thought maybe that was something.


I'm going to put my clothes back on... and I'm going to cast Hex on myself for my walk home and banish it before I come in the door.


On one, okay. Then I'm going to shank backwards to the one behind me, and it's flanked. There's four of us around it, so advantage on this one.


I cannot. I have to stay and fix Doty and get back to my home. I'm sorry. It's been a pleasure.


Nuh-uh. I don't think so


Aw, yeah.


They do that to people that are on the open road.


All right, investigation, 22.


(singing) One song from the pretty boy gnome.


Worst-case scenario, we'll pull back towards the mansion if she starts whaling on us.


It's Marisha and I. (laughter)


Why, you, of course.


Potentially. We'll find out.


He pries it-- He's not very good at it.


No, she was laughing.


Can we-- Before we make this journey, can we sound off who's on what duty?


She might cry a lot on you. All right, dear?


Once a long rest. So can I do that for the bodyguard that I just slayed?


No, I did it wrong.


Okay. Well, I dust myself off. Apparently, there's some security. Hello?! Anything happen?


The good news is we're totally safe in this bubble and nothing can happen to us.


I don't know. It was love at first sight, but now, so not first. I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll try to keep it together. I'll think of gross things. Victor's ball sack. Ugh.


He is, he's very grown.


The first roll?


Can I help her out?


This is a good point.


We need a valet ticket.


I was basically going to try this before, anyway. I'm going to start heading, so I can get a better view, towards the edge of there. Yeah, just so I can hold if I need to. Yeah, there's no Caleb. I'm going to yell: Duck! And I'm going to ready a shot of Sacred Flame. Actually, Sacred Flame's not a bolt; it's an appearance. I'm going to hit Sacred Flame on the crystal.


Okay, I'll use Sprinter's Boots.


Trinket. (groans)


Ooh, better use one of my Lucks for that. That was a one. Ooh! Six.


It can't fly for infinity?


He might be in Whitestone by now.


Okay. 27.


I'd like to go to the Raven Queen. (laughter)


Fucking secret Santa in this bitch!


-- it makes you really light, and we can just drag you behind us. Yeah, it'll work.


But if we know that's what he would do, then wouldn't he know that we would go to find him at what he would do?


Oh. (whispering) I'm on the phone.


I go running past them right as they do it and cut its ears off.


What if we break the fall of the device with Clarota?


Fantastic. I'd like to just drive my fist into his throat as his head's arched back.


No kidding.


I knew it was too low.


You know what? We should go shopping!


Right? That was already the 18? Or was it?


Let him take some time.


All it needs is honey and brie.


Oh! Thanks for the hand! (all laugh)


Quite gracious.


Geek and Sundry website.


I'm sorry. No respect for the elderly, apparently. I walk away.


That was the first one.


Do you remember us?


That's okay! You're so cute.


American Office or British Office?


Isn't there something in the water?


My third attack, also on him, is also 22.


A charisma saving throw?


Gets a little hot!


Hopefully there are no more ones hiding in there.


(coughs) That's good water.


He's the cutest.


They might get me confused with you just because our voices are so--


I have two potions of fox's cunning. Could I drink one of those, since there's a giant brain-bitch wondering around the camp?


Yeah, her chests. Sorry.


Who's our smartest person? Who has the highest intelligence here?


I have extra daggers, do you want a dagger? I have three extra daggers.


Yeah, so I'm pretty smart.


And I'm going to Hunter's Mark him.


There's some other questions first, other questions first. I cast Call Lightning.


(British accent) Governor? (laughter)


Wait! I'm hidden.


Well, if we just release him into the city without his censer...


Oh, that wasn't damage. I thought that was damage, okay.


Your initiative bonus is zero?


Lullaby?!


Yeah, and crouch and peek.


We're going to do this, as well.


All right, now, non-lethal--


They have to break in somewhere, they're going to be--


One. Three. Seven. Eight. Nine. 40. Ten.


Only I get to say Schiet, you have to say Sheed.


It's worth a shot, because we could one-shot a thing, possibly.


That seems odd.


I'm going to run up behind the one guard and beat him in the back of the head with the back of my dagger.


Rags! Put us in rags, like we've been living in rubble.


Two reckless attacks against the half orc.


Individual.


I'm going to also then use my action to dash.


Which isn't bad!


Yeah, it's fine. We know people.


2d8 bludgeoning, that's seven bludgeoning... 4d6. Not great at all. Four, five, six, seven, eight.


Oh, minus. Ten.


Yeah, he does that.


No, it's whatever I want it to be. Sword!


Let's wake everybody up, and then we'll get to work--


(slow-mo voice) --back.


It's not just the hostages, though, it's a city under siege. I just don't think it's feasible to empty it.


Yeah, you're a better father than most of us have ever had.


It goes Nott, Beau, Caduceus, Fjord, Yasha.


That's not supposed to be purple.


No, just stay and shut up.


At the top. A little grove of trees.


I'm going to scoop him up if he can do a little jump and whoosh.


This one's a gimme, a bonus, only if we feel up to it.


Did it bamf?


Did it hit the floor or did you go again?


That close, Ash.


You can't. You already did it!


That was really brave, by the way, you sneaking off like that and finding it out.


I'm still reading my book. But, yes, we're just going to ask them a question.


A little pile of grossness.


You were just talking with Nott about running tomorrow.


She can.


Maybe we should let him go.


We can't even pretend like he was our friend.


I'm still part of the water bucket brigade.


All right. It's a little of both, it seems like.


Yeah. Me too. I'm just not sure what. Please, I only confided in you because I feel like the strange is your ballpark.


Fuck yeah! Do that again, Keyleth!


Hold your turn, dude.


Giants, now.


These trees grow in total darkness.


(annoyed) No.


I stop walking.


I'll give you a whole gold piece.


I dumped a ton of Smite into that.


We like you. We like you, Chode. Lionel. We like you, Lionel. Hey, Lion. C'mere, c'mere.


Roll for an attack. That's 29?


Yeah, Mollymauk!


I fly up on the broom and try to spot anybody on the ground that looks dangerous.


It's a lot, but it's only 1d6. Oh hey, it's a six.


This one's a real quick break.


I hate to admit it, but maybe-- it's not us.


So good and you'll be able to see all of them now as much as you want but I figure we'll let Matt make it part of the new official thing--


How far in are you?


I'm using Evasion. I'm going to hit the ground and roll.


It's all right. Do it.


The Odyssey.


In the middle of white death.


He sacrificed himself in your name; you remain the only ascended. And yet he still loses?


Then, one more attempt to bring him down to earth. Here we go. That's 21 to hit.


I'm not going to get in the water, don't worry!


Plus he has to make a constitution saving throw against a DC of 19.


There's a lovely tea rose garden in the back.


Taryon's 16.


Actually, I know that from reading a lot about the Raven Queen. I can answer that for you.


Correct! (cheering)


You can have some pocket money, but--


We set ourselves up.


You can take Caleb and my room.


I've heard stories, but never anybody personally.


Okay. I get up.


I think you have to use the second roll.


We're not here, so don't worry. We're not having this conversation in front of her.


There we go!


(gasps) Oh shit!


Her schedule's so busy, but if we can get her next week...


It's kind of a compliment.


Well, right now my deal it to deal with this little person over here.


The 20 would have been nice though.


Well, don’t worry about that because they definitely saw our real faces.


I can take care of that.


Plus your rage damage, don't forget to double that.


Are we supposed to go meet with the council right away?


Pleasure to meet you. I was looking at this piece right here.


I want to try some stuff.


Anyone who drinks it.


A sending stone?


Okay. That's a great idea. So this is all of you, then, that came? You guys have been traveling around, just yourselves?


Thank you, Melissa!


Yeah, man. We are freak-ay.


Take off, I'll follow you.


Maybe? I may have been drunk at the time. [laughter]


I am being serious.


Should we pay him? We just found out he's dead fucking broke.


I'm going to make some barrels?


I never told you because it's creepy as fuck.


Yeah, it’s okay. I'll keep it on.


Everything you've got.


I'm right by the door.


Yeah, I would like to move forward.


I did think it was fun that we were meeting somebody else who was blue.


The table always offers you four times the amount you've ever seen. You got to walk away while you're winning. But all right!


Scanlan, squish in there.


Let's wrestle! Okay! Mace in your face!


As long as it's not a damage spell, I can just--


I'm going-- something tiny and fast. What's tiny and fast?


How could you not be prepared for--


I'm with Kash, man. What?


No, put them on us.


Mississippi.


She followed in my path. I'm following in her path.


Oh, well, yeah, I guess so.


Let's go. Come on.


With?


(laughs) I've got nothing left.


No. After ten minutes of finishing all that, of telling every tiny detail, if you mind me backtracking, I briefly place my hand on top of his, and say, it was terrible. I've never seen anything like it. Now we're back. We're in our home, and I'm hoping to learn how Uriel is doing, how the city is faring. Is there any news? Things are ill in Kraghammer; they still haven't seen the last of their troubles, but I'm also concerned for our new home here.


I'll snuggle up to Nila.


This seems like a waste of money. I'm trying to be smarter with my money.


Stellar RP.


(retching noise)


I'm not getting the proper shoes.


But we want to get the shackles back.


I think, Jester--


I we come across any people that we can beat information out of, we might want to ask them if this a known thing, a gateway back to the overworld.


Oh! You look awesome! I mean, you look like shit, but you look awesome!


This is a great game!


I mean, seriously.


Oh, I got some old mango and papaya. These, I think they used to be oranges. I got this. This is a keg of black powder. It goes boom. It's like a bomb.


If she turns the bag over and empties it out, everything comes out.


I think I'm with you.


Yes. There's a complete blade that's magic.


If we take a day to get in and get settled, I can do a Heroes' Feast and then I start crack of dawn in the morning?


Edubation. Say again?


So we have to start this immediately.


80 to 100 feet up, right.


Let's try and serpentine around and see if we can trace back.


(sizzling)


Reckless attacks.


Well, it's inevitable if you kick a cat you're going to end badly. That's just how it works.


Yeah, don't you like doing things with chemicals?


Exactly. I don't know.


The fuck, what's wrong with you?


For now, it's a good idea, I won't hold onto it forever.


Is Gate Stone immediate?


All right, I-- you know, okay, sure. We can do that.


I'm putting that in the party inventory.


(groan) Wait, how many?


Okay, so the first one is a 26.


I'm joining in on this insight check. I call bullshit.


I'm going to leave him with everything else. I don't think we should take his sword.


If we don't die in those two turns, yes.


I got the rest of it in my pockets. It's a little wet.


You want to explain it, druid?


I'll check it out and I'll let you know.


Past a field of broken glass and bone. Have you seen any of this?


Then we should all go. We shouldn't just send the little bits in there, we should all go.


I'm so glad that didn't happen.


That would be who I would kill if I were taking over the city.


We're going up to it or waiting till it comes down all the way?


Yeah. And smart people, and Kaylie. And I'm a pretty big shot.


Goddamn it, John.


Oh, come on, Tiberius.


Oh, you appraise?


We used dried poo to blind the king a few episodes ago.


Well, that'll be a discussion that I have with Korren, with my father.


Have they already locked us in our rooms?


There's a couple of options here.


Going right past me.


I believe I do.


And while he has their attention, I'm going to check out his pockets.


Yes. So you're a silver-colored dragonborn now?


They don't know that I know she's alive. Perhaps keep her, just to surprise me.


You're right, yes. Thank you.


I've never seen a skinned one.


Give him, like, 40 pounds of white dragonhide.


Choice B.


That's the wang.


Seeing as I'm 50 feet ahead of my sister, I walk ahead of her.


Everyone all healed up to full?


Yeah, but you are a bean pole.


He only healed a couple of us.


I turn to everybody, and at first I go, (straining), nope. Sir Cadigan was a big old meanie, but I don't think he had anything to do with this.


Here particularly, there seems to be electricity in the air almost. It's very bustling. This is the norm around here?


Is 15.


No. I mean, do you talk to her, though? Because, you know, Pike talks to Sarenrae.


Let's just take a walkabout and see if there's anything else around the area.


Concentration. Up to ten minutes.


Has a necklace on, but Algar has a bracelet on that's controlling it.


Sigil Boost.


It's not no weapons, it's just no usage of them.


Kill him, motherfucker! Kill him!


I'm going to stay here in the mansion because I'm useless.


23? I'm going to use deflect missiles and take that-- minus d10 to--


Oh, is this seven to nine?


Guys, this is really familiar to me. (all laugh)


It's not time for arts and crafts.


No. It was up until the second round and then that was it.


I will check it for traps!


Oh, well, that's fair. I don't think they care who he is.


And I also have this. My new toy.


And there's another guy there who can see me, right?


Roll fucking high, Marisha.


We should probably get out of here! They're coming up the sides!


What do you think it-- Oh, a tattoo, if we could pick any tattoo?


Does the dagger stay in his eye socket?


All right, I'm going to do some fun shit. So seeing Vax go up and get next to Lord Kerrion or whatever the shit his name is. I'm going to go and turn into a dire wolf this time. Mixing it up from Minxie.


Guys, it took 111 episodes, but we bested a door.


Besides, I've been working on that dragon immunity potion.


It actually is quite like Dallas. I think that's a very reasonable comparison.


I was going to say we could also get some blue bell bottoms and some Japanese school tops and fake it.


The pocket dimension of the green-eyed boy. The golden-eyed boy.


At least they're dancing while I'm standing on fire.


I mean, Caduceus, if you want to teach me a thing a two about wooing a woman--


I'm feeling confident.


That's the house voice. When we go home, it's all that.


Minxy says I'm sorry!


Okay, they're gone. This is great. This one's great. It's not what I was looking for, but there's this kid David, and he just went to the dentist. It looks like he's talking real funny. But that's not it. I'm going to go back a little. I'm trying to get back in the history to the website.


I killed it, you saw it. I'm backing up as far as I can go.


(clears throat) I'm pretty good.


He lunged and-- tell them.


Oh my god. Lego Batman head's gonna be my dice jail tonight. That's an important announcement.


Ja. You're telling me your love of higher learning, I understand. Did you need something? Because you clearly don't want to hear about cats, so we could end this now.


Wow. Cool. Cool story, bro. 12?


Balls. Then where did they come from? What were they doing?


Welcome to the game!


Coming. Coming now. So I go up and I stand next to him.


You are very good with voices.


Well, Vax can move. Is that my best POV?


And we'll give away another one with another signed poster at the end of the night if you get another 50. So we're about to give this away, but I just want to remind you guys to donate to 826LA. That's the group that Critical Role is supporting, and these guys are here out of the graces of their heart, and it would be very helpful for you guys to donate to them and show your love for Critical Role by donating to the charity. We'll post the link in the chat. Get those donations rolling!


They're worth more money because they're cursed.


While you guys figure it out, I'm going to start digging a trench.


We can give her one of the stones.


I'll just reach it with my Mage Hand.


Dottie, sorry.


And that includes the shipping, that's why the price is--


It is so unfortunate. We are saviors of Emon, saviors of the world, really, and he doesn't even care.


You'll have time. Get a wireless headphone so you don't wake him or her.


What's your medicine check?


Thank you. Thank you.


(a panoply of crow noises)


All right. I'll shimmy out. (sighs) All right, I'll rejoin my friends downstairs. Well--


What if I look in the sorceror rules?


Can we make that platinum? Because most of that is platinum. What would that be?


We're going to have to worry about him at some point.


Oh, you had claimed it. Sorry. Everything here's claimed.


(skeptical noise)


(makes blipping noises)


Are we right outside the mouth of the cave right now?


That was the saddest woo-hoo.


No, it's not. The weather forecast.


Well, I'm sure right around there.


I'm dressed, yeah.


Yeah, they're from outside Nicodranas.


I just go, excuse me for a second. Thank you.


We've got to get out of this room.


826LA probably, right?


I think of the goristro, Yenk.


To the Suncut Bazaar!


Yeah, Pike's still with you up there.


Oh, there's a Loot Crate giveaway.


No, yes.


I hadn't intended on it, but there's definitely a mirror in there.


I take out the silver thread first.


He's a cart-- he's a stupid cart salesman.


Throw them into the sphere.


Yeah, Dispell Magic.


He just raised his voice a little, that was the difference.


Let's do a tree.


She is a judge after all, right?


Yeah, me too, a little horrified.


The thing is, though, Avantika's going to definitely know that somebody stole her stuff.


There is an empty airdock that's currently not being used in the city.


I do hear that cures the hangover.


I noped myself on that one. Here you are, 500 gold.


All right, friend, let's-- It's like Winter's Crest morning for me and I'm scanning the shelves.


Ah. They do-si-doed?


Yeah, but he is in line with the wailing creature.


(gibberish)


Well that might not be necessary. I believe it was our fault. But just out of curiosity, is there anywhere in town that, I don't know, there might be an infestation of this sort of problem? Do you know any common areas where folks engaged in this sort of activity might gather at night or in the day? Areas of trouble that you've dealt with before-- oh god, am I sweating?


He's looking at his notes like it's a thing!


Come on, Clarota.


At the Song and Supper Inn


That was the most flounder-fucky sneak up ever.


Okay. 18.


We took both! We took the robot hand and the-- To be fair, I was dead at the time so I don't--


It was so much!


Just dig! (laughter)


Oh, and I'll do it at level three, so that's, sorry, not inspiration, healing, healing, healing.


Does the tree in front of us count as a corrupted plant life entity? And none of the pixies that live in there are showing up on my radar as bad?


I have an announcement. I met Sara Bareilles this weekend.


There's some good stuff happening in that episode.


Holy shit, I've never flown before! This is amazing!


I'm using insight on him as he's talking.


She can potentially get a good--


As roaches.


Am I close enough to where I can overhear this?


Oh yeah, that's the thing!


Tough.


And my spell just can't get to you. Damn it.


What about Draconic?


How did you guys do?


Yes! 19.


Let's walk. Shall we walk? I think we should walk.


I'll watch this.


I'm always a fan.


Oh my god, this is so embarrassing.


That was some good lying. Oh boy. Your face is fucked up. (laughter)


It's constantly aerating. (swirling)


Oh, he only listens to you.


♫ No motherfucker ♫


You never know, that guy could be made out of concrete.


I don't know anything about this thing, except that this last time... this last time was different than the first time. This last time didn't... (sighs) This last time, I felt more like me, and less like I was being drawn somewhere. I wasn't entirely me, but it's hard to describe. I felt like I had contained it, a bit. I feel like, maybe, maybe I can keep it under check. I don't know.


Even in real time.


We go up to the doors, and give it a tug.


I like that we all keep doing that with the fingers.


Get a chain ready, or a noose of some sort.


Technically he hasn't had a-- oh, no, he did, because it's a whole round back, never mind.


I'm coming too. (laughter)


Oh, we've already poured it into your mouth.


You can't tell them! You can't tell them!


I am not sleeping.


Because the city is on the lake so we're just around the edge of the lake.


Ooh.


Yes! We're on you, we're talking about Backblaze right now.


Is it dark, or is it--?


That is a 12 for the first one.


This is a dexterity check?


We're not invisible, those are dead people! I see dead people.


But that could happen with any contract. Any band of idiots could go die on the battlefield.


I won't. I'm staying right here.


Not with me.


You mean like in life, or?


Dumoco  "Thank you for a wonderful time, thank you all for a wonderful time."


Can we sneak in the windows, so it keeps chained?


I'm not crying, stupid.


Thank you. It's normally fabulous, but not in this city. So then how do I go about casting Locate Creature?


Yeah, good idea, Caleb.


I'm just going to scowl at you. I'm actually, fuck it! I have something I can do!


I have this key. It says Pillow Trove on it.


Aren't they dead?


Second one is a 22.


I believe in plenty of things. But, yeah, no, I agree. This is bullshit.


We don’t want a dead dog.


That's a good sign.


I hold my Wall of Stone, since he has that, because I don't want to make it apparent.


Sure, I'm good.


This is really, really bad!


I pull out my empty bottle, and I go, and I have this!


(laughs) High-fivesies from across the table.


That's creepy. No, not in that way.


That was really good. Do me.


Do I have any further inkling?


No one else touch it!


You would say that, wouldn't you?


You can shoot it!


Oh, okay. All right. I'm going to go get some garlic from the kitchen, and then let's go!


Caleb knows exactly what time it is. Liam likes to burn his friends.


Did we lose--


Get the fuck out of my tent! (laughter)


I stay next to Vex.


With the right conditions, if we keep quiet, I can lay some pretty heavy hurt on this guy at the get-go. If we keep quiet.


So if we rest, will it be a long rest? Overnight?


That would've been so cool had it worked.


Yeah, what's under the lake?


We can get him back to Whitestone, he'll be perfectly fine. We have everything we need there.


Closed and locked?


Because it's invisible, is there no Uncanny Dodge?


Okay. I mean, this is so stupid. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself because I'm going to die if I don't, at, I guess-- a couple of 3rd-levels left, so I'm going to cast Cure Wounds. Oh good! Two ones and a two. That's great. So four plus four is eight points healed.


You should actually stealth, though, this time, okay?


You can be a coward, Scanlan. It's okay.


(chants) Dax-i-o. Daxio!


That's good. Mistakes that I have made, learn from them. Keep quiet.


Okay. Am I doing this?


I'm gonna be right in the middle of this. For months. Okay.


Property of Asmodeus! Ass-modeus--


He has three hit points, so I think he's actually a bigger spider than the one you're imagining. See, he's right there. He's very big.


Nothing, there's been no earned trust--


All of your 20's, running out.


I'm a real paladin!


Well. Everyone seems to be very-- I make a very good soup and I help people with their laundry sometimes and--


This was not going to last long.


Can we cast Control Water to get us there faster at all?


I'll take the carpet or whatever.


Okay, bring it over here, love.


Why do we give a shit?


Maybe Scanlan's trying to play us and he accidentally sent someone that--


Well, tell me what you want, what you really really want!


Yo-ho-ho! And a... help.


You know I love you. Would you do me one favor? When I'm gone-- I don't know, we could be dead tomorrow.


But he's dead, right?


You're tripping, man.


I'm up to full. 99.


Yep. Never goes away.


Yeah, bust in. You can't stealth.


You know, I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but I'm actually the current reigning champion of the Crucible. And with that title comes many things, like people that manage your shinies. I would like to introduce you to my shiny manager, Vex.


Yeah, we retreat. Back the way we came.


Wait. Do we know it's her?


So the total tab is what again, Gilmore?


Seriously.


All right. I'll cast Light and keep my staff behind me, a faint candlelight as I continue to use my darkvision.


Appreciate it.


It was going to be good, ten.


I think that's the water one that you just pulled out.


What are we fighting, we don't know.


Tarot cards but they have numbers.


I'm going to go stealth.


Need a hand?


I haven't touched that game in so long.


Or Caleb. Well, who's going to be throwing --


(shouting) That's the fucking titan! It's the titan full of dwarf bodies! I just realized that! (laughter)


What about the sewers?


It was a bear?


Frostweald is where Grog mugged down with the nymph, right?


Yeah, we should probably do that.


No, I want you to--


I rolled a 13, plus two, so 15.


I'm going to fly straight in to the steps.


You can do it, Scanlan! (laughs)


Like, unless we're going to do this we should get out.


Yeah, bad shit happens.


There's also a road so we'll be okay.


The poison dagger goes (thunk sound). Well, I didn’t roll to hit him.


He was one of the Ashari?


So. Are you going to give us what you stole now? We have an arrangement.


How about five pounds of gems?


Not going to need it.


This is a radical shift.


Still a dinosaur. Open the door.


We don't need diamonds anymore.


Jesus, don't fall. (high-pitched noise)


Tiffany doesn't know that we're talking about her.


Grog, will you kill this guy?


17 plus five is--


Well, I mean, we're outside. All right.


I'm just tapping on the doors. All clear. We got one, it's Keg. We'll handle it. I'm going to head back upstairs.


Oh, a natural 20 and a 12, so that's 19.


I needed this. And I'm going to hide behind the tree trunk from the other one.


What did I do in your room?


Hey! Hey, Percy! Percy!


But he is a vengeful type of individual?


Flank them ahead of time. Scanlan, you create a distraction--


I'd like to use the rest of my movement just to sink down with my back against the wall, out of the way of the window.


Catch the eye. Are the keys, like--


I'll come with you then.


Yeah, I don't think I have anything that will fit through that little hole-- I could try picking up a rock on the ground and throwing it at it.


Oh, I forgot to tell you. I sold out my own kind because I was enslaved by dragons who had tails who consider themselves royalty and therefore better than me and I don't have a tail. And so I spent my whole life trying to figure out how to turn scales into weaponized candles. Anyway, got to go, everyone have a great time! Thank you!


Ohh. Boo.


No, don't look at it! You said one minute, that's the DM, DM is god.


You can read?


I'm really blushing. How much disposable income do you have at the moment?


Do I have to roll for stealth, I assume?


There's your raven feather. Nice.


How about, instead of that, I trade you--


It's a real good thing?


We could disguise our voice and say, "We’ve been made! Send instructions!" and find out what happens.


You and your brethren, without this, do you think as one?


This is the rosewood?


I can say I want to go ten feet in that direction.


He already took some damage, so I'm going to Toll the Dead on him for my action.


Oh! It's a door? That's trapped?


At the place where he is.


Okay. Do I say like, slow?


I think we should let her out.


What she does to waste a spell, you can do as a freebie. And you're so nosy, so it's perfect for you.


Yeah. Not another good guy.


Pray to my god. It's the worst. Can you help?


How far away from the window? Like, is his back up against the window?


And apparently he smells like cabbage.


She just dumped me out. It's not my call.


I got ten.


All right, then no. No, I just had to ask.


Would you--


Yeah, the neatest. Do you have anything that is harmful or is it just those two things including your puzzle ball?


20. Anything left? Or is it just where I, we--


Do we still have Pass Without a Trace on?


Oh, I see. I'm going to reach in my-- Dust of Illusion, and-- (laughter)


So is picking something up not a free action? I thought picking up a weapon was a free action.


Not what I was expecting, but I like it.


(quietly) There is no spoon.


I do. It's not quite as powerful as that, although that is an interesting idea. I might play with that later.


Do you want to go take a flash shower?


Sadly, I don't. It may not exist.


I grab my stuff, and I immediately run down the tree.


Malkaoriji?


Yeah. Maybe not today.


It's just twigs and berries, anyway.


I love that color!


I jump down, too.


Against guy on the dais, yeah. Is 28?


Lyra, we are going to kill-- we are on our way to kill something.


Oh. Then if you're going to do bad things, at least work for somebody who's rich and doing bad things! Don't just steal from people on the road, that's stupid!


And it's platinum? It's just a platinum box?


What did the book do again, gave me a plus or an advantage? Did it give me an advantage on rolls or like a plus something?


Campfire!


Not that kind of party, Grog.


That's better. 20.


Yellow with black swirls, and then a clear potion that--


I'm going to look around for something interesting.


Sure.


We lubed her up in ethereal oil, and she went down your direction.


Can I Hunter's Mark the pit fiend?


Like when you see like knights--


Hey! You're smart, Grog!


Yes, but-- If everything else is under attack, Vasselheim is inevitable.


Or like you said, we just destroy the entrance to where they can't come through.


They're too big for you, teeny.


Yeah, what are we checking out, though? I mean, it's not like the Briarwoods are out in public. We don't know anything about them.


Praise Sarenrae, praise Sarenrae.


Does this just include harming other pirates, or stealing from them too?


As a twin of a rogue...


Potentially. In that small circle.


Oh, awesome.


Oh shit, really?


Okay, well.


I do a victory lap (whoosh).


I step to the side, let him unlock the door.


We were wondering if we might, perchance, acquire your knowledge about town, for a bit of a search.


Can we go somewhere in the next 60 seconds?


Half. Not whole.


Hey. Hi, guys! What's going-- oh.


The first one is a very sad 14. I'm not going to waste the d10 on that.


Gloria Cyn?


I will point out this will be burning mine and Pike's 8th-level spell, but it might be worth it.


SHIPMATES.


To buy diamonds?


It's really smart that he made a hummingbird. That's really fast.


And then whichever side you decide, a Queen of Hearts and Ten of Hearts.


And are they clumped together by any chance?


Can I inspire myself for this roll?


(singing) Damn, damn, damn.


I guess I'll scout with Jamedi.


Don't leave.


Oh, great. Yes.


I can probably get one of them the way I did with Nott last night, if you like. Make sure we're not walking into anything we don't want to be.


Ah, here you are. By the way, cool stuff down there. It's actually not lava, it's water! Aha. Believe it or not.


One for each?


So your mom's the Ruby of the Sea, and then The Gentleman.


I know, I'm so happy. I'm going to take a little step back to get a slight bit of cover from those archers for when they start hearing the big bang-bangs coming from the house, to get half-cover, so I can still--


I'm looking around. I'm not seeing a lot of attacking going on. They don't speak our language. Shit. Maybe they speak-- No, I don't know. All right. I will cast Message, and I will point into the darkness at the creature. I'll say: Do not fight us! We are no fans of the empire either! You can reply to this message. Do I sense a reply?


You be good, you take care of you, man.


To my father.


I don't think any of this leads back to us. We still have to complete our mission. We got to make sure that Lord Sutan is implicated in this, but right now we're clean.


Everybody knows her mom.


But we'll leave immediately.


I hope we'll survive.


A point of damage? The rat bit through my metal codpiece?


I do. But, Keyleth, the minute we start fighting, they will notice us, and then they'll attack us from behind.


-- grab the sword and see-- yeah, actually, can I do like a--


Can I try and summon the sword?


Me and Fjord.


Why are we invisible? Oh.


Then that is 24.


Okay, so time for a Cure Wounds. So I guess. Let's see.


Both of you, calm down.


I'm going to drop a grit for a line shot. Piercing shot.


The second one is 18.


My bad. I made a bomb!


Well, the transaction upstairs has already happened, whether they get away or not.


Free hug!


I just got a little teary-eyed. And I say Eat shit, fucko! Then I go for the door again. That is a 20 on the door.


The bear.


Both of you, same time.


I'm going to look up to see if anybody has noticed that this has happened.


J'mon Sa Ord is here, the Slayer's Take has probably been vastly compromised. Just get out of here. Get to the woods. Scanlan's right.


Don't patronize me, Nott.


Next target, maybe?


Earth elementals.


We're all looking.


So when you cut it, it bleeds. Got it.


He's hovering above this? Can I, as a bonus action, cast Grasping Vine? Right over here?


(whispers) There's definitely creatures in here. I don't know if they're hostile.


Is there anyone else in the area that we should know that he does business with, that he might communicate with regularly?


I'll be in Cassandra's room.


Oh, that's actually a 20! I rolled a 19 on the advantage roll.


I apologize profusely for butchering your language. I learned it by books, and, as I've said, I've only had a chance to speak it once before to a gnome who visited my family's estate a long time ago.


Let's use it! Let's just make it, Matt, you can put that in your new campaign book. Mass Restoration.


From thoughts only, can I hear him?


23 misses?


Is she okay?


Because right now Raishan could have us all dead.


So you think just walk on in there. No subterfuge, no sneaky-sneaky, no breaking down doors?


So, hold on-- (static) (music)


Oh, just an inch. Ooh.


We're going to go get some reinforcements.


I was joking.


Ooh, yes, butt chin! Those are always good! Ooh yes, and give yourself red hair.


(gasps) He turned on us!


This is not sneak attack, so it's not the worst it could be.


Now we're in the mouth of a beast! Ducey, what's going on, brother?


But they're backing away from the light?


We're at her doorway, aren't we?


You know those Hulk gloves?


Yes, so movement and bonus, I will run towards Caleb, but not directly at the barbarian.


So yes, Scanlan, we're fine.


Definitely don't have to.


Must be something good.


So if it breathes, it will die.


Trinket's back in the necklace for the bamfing over.


Hey, guys. Did you see the dragon leave?


I don't think that all of us are murderers.


But Grog.


Yeah, yeah, we have some time left--


Just snot running out of my face. I want to do it!


Oh, so we scootched together? Okay, then I'm just going to lean into Vex and give her an Enhance Ability on her charisma.


Please rise, rise! It's going to be a lovely day. We have a lot ahead of us, we do. Please.


If nobody hits you--


I say to everybody, when Cassandra put her hand on the hidden gem outside the glass, it closed the doors, right?


Hm. Sloppy.


No, it wouldn't.


Did we have someone running it? Do we have someone?


Let me see you eat a meal, then I'll figure out what tea to give you.


How long of a drive is it-- of a cart ride is it to the--


Oh, I just do whatever I can for my friends. You guys are all awesome and I'm just glad I could be of service and help.


Are there flying carpet ports?


I'm hiding, kind of? Really well.


Okay, and I definitely put my armor back on.


Wilhelm, hand? Wilhand.


A coup?


I feel significantly more badass than my character.


Not too dex-y or anything. They seem clumsy as fuck.


I think strapped up and covered in mayonnaise.


Thank you, look at that!


And to clarify for me. We're asking them--


I've read some of those.


It's right here. I open my Bag of Holding. (swoosh) It just doesn't fly anymore.


I'll double my speed.


No apartment is letting us in now, ever.


So you did it, you did the thing.


It's okay, I was just hoping for even like advantage or some such.


28, 38.


Come on, darling. Come on!


But don't take your sword out, because we're not allowed to bring our weapons out.


He's the only one having a worse day than us.


Okay. Hey, Fassbender. Cast a spell on Percy. (laughter)


I'm going to bet. I'm going to put 600 on Philip!


Let's avoid it.


Welcome to The Mighty Nein.


15,000 gold. (laughter)


But don't use the god thing. But don't use the god thing until we get to the big group. The big thing, if you see a guard, don't turn into a god, you gotta see like more than five people before you turn into a god.


You're low on health still, aren't you?


Oh wait, who's holding the fragile one?


100 gold! For a cute blinky dog?!


Why are they facing us? I hate this, Fjord. This is really terrible.


18. (group cheers)


Allura, any chance you know the Gate spell?


Are we all here?


Yes, never mind. I didn't think we were getting all of those people. Good. All of the humanoids.


That's amazing.


I can't move my hands or anything.


You're going to wake up for that?


We'll figure out who she is together.


(claps) Grog!


Yeah, we probably should leave the stone with her so she can pop in with us.


I think she likes you.


See, now I'm getting Little Mermaid vibes, though, from the gator. (singing) Up where they walk, up where they run, up where they stay all day in the sun.


It's a bit of a tourist trap, but sure.


I think that's what we're looking for, right?


It was two threes.


It's really tight.


Does it? No, she gets to act first. Yeah! So that's 24 to attack.


Let's leave it at the shift, so if they go up our tunnel, we'll know.


He's flying now?


(laughing) What is it?


I wander like a drunkard past Caleb and I go: Oh, so distracting. Like I need distractions.


They definitely got a look like they saw something wicked awful?


I actually don't move until next combat, funny enough.


Where did he go, again?


I just drop to a knee and say, Kaitiyaki, father.


I might have to draw it and then it's going to need the (glugging).


No, it failed.


Is there flowers? Is there a flower shop?


We tried. Wait, we definitely mentioned that!


If we're fighting, I'm not bound by shit, man. I can be anywhere.


It had a gem in one eye, if I recall.


Plus your spell thing?


Yeah, that's a-- what is the ranged attack on that?


Easy plan. Easy peasy. Teleport with the Immovable Rod. You shoot one end of the rope to him.


Pike is really, really wise.


Yeah. I will wait until I am within 30 feet of the wall and then I do so, I will mutter a few words.


Sure. Right, it does take a while to deliver. All right, we go order food first.


It's hot.


Yeah. Told you it was complicated, yeah?


I get really frustrated, and so I dog paddle the rest of the way. Then I'm going to take my--


Should we tell them when we go to the bathroom, too?


Vax says, all right. And walks off.


Perception or investigation? I'm looking for hidden switches, or--


How much longer do they have?


I rage before I do this.


Can you move Keyleth to where Percival was?


I'm waiting for the spell to dissipate before I say anything.


Who got stabbed?


I feel like maybe Vex should carry the stone, then. She has less of a chance of getting back on her own.


It's weird, the blue light makes it almost-- I can't even see what it is.


It's 35 feet up, so.


Yes, I apologize very deeply. Very, very sincerely.


You know who else was really hungry out of fucking nowhere?


No, fuck that guy. Where's Caduceus?


Don't fucking touch me!


Right. She's got awfully big eyes.


They're smart. We have to kill them all!


You know, that's actually--


Obviously, we'll sieve the coffer a little bit because we're going to need it for the mission.


I really wanna swan dive into the muck.


I looked for you guys everywhere in that room. I was just worried, is all.


That feels a little premature.


It was pretty gnarly.


Percy, get over here and pull!


That's great. If you can mention that to Allura, that'd be wonderful.


I wonder if that's concentration too? It probably is, right?


Yeah, they're probably already--


Matt, probably too late, but can I retcon-- say I'm holding my attack, since I didn't do anything? Fine if not, I just thought--


Battle Chasers.


Really? Your ears wouldn't pop, still?


I didn't see him.


#thanksKeyleth.


And how many feet ahead did you set that?


It's been days?


Oh. Aww!


Yeah, I think we are, you know, we're friends. I think we're trying to figure out where we--


I take the stairs.


No one can see it.


Yeah. It's got all the things people like you and me need. We're covered.


So you guys, we're gonna be doing a Q and A.


I'm asking the Yellow Pages.


Are those together? Close?


I really feel like this could be--


I'm going to not follow, but go off to the side and try to go around the other way.


Okay, what if you burrow and I push the water away--


Seems all right.


Hey, thank you.


Okay, with one hand I will try to cover the bleeding wounds of Caleb, and with the other hand, not even looking, I'll just fire my crossbow at the other-- (laughter)


Scanlan, I don't think this is a good idea.


Okay. Shit.


Come on, pull a Vex. Get that number down.


All right. I very slowly and sultrily unbuckle my armor, let one strap fall, let the other strap fall, just do a little shimmy and let it fall to the ground, sort of like The Crying Game. Just sort of, camera pans up a little bit and it's just, there's nothing underneath, it's just me and the cube. And I cry a little. (laughter)


All right. So this is 6th-level. 4d8 becomes 6d8, right?


Just one?


Can't you just bullshit? You have to actually look up the real name?


Laura, you got a grapple arrow, last I gave you, by the way.


She's the Ruby of the Sea.


I've never heard of any of these things.


How much do you have left?


Remember, we also have Heroes' Feast up.


Yeah, we're pretty-- we're cool.


Actually, I agree with that.


This is like old times.


66 if you saved.


Okay. So if it flies--


Not attractive.


It wanted Percy.


Who will brush my hair at night?


And head deeper in, see where the people have been.


Anywhere to hide?


That's right. He's just out of your line of sight.


I don't want to talk to her. I want to make that clear.


That's a major healing spell.


Oh no, you know what?


It will be just a useless sword at that point.


Yeah. I noticed him rolling over towards me several times, if you know what I mean.


Two monsters of a feather. Also, in that time, which was a five-month period, we had a lot of lessons and taught Grog how to read.


And it throws it back.


Just do your thing. You need it.


-- that's good. That's 17 points of damage and five points of psychic damage.


Are they far away from the other ones that aren't leaving yet?


Us?


16 here.


That's even better. 29.


Well, they're here.


Might be a long way, though.


Wait, I mean-- yeah. Yeah.


Intelligence, 18.


You said 19? Jesus.


Maybe I can talk to her and have her write down exactly what her parents look like or something and I can try to send a message to them?


18 misses you?


Your Laura is showing. (laughter)


Yeah, let's divvy it up, I don't want to give anybody too much love. Five, four, 26?


Use the Mage Hand to move the carpet.


Okay. I have a question for you.


18 plus nine to hit?! Wow, does that hit. That's crazy!


Were-goats.


How is this going to sound to Uriel? Excuse me, Uriel, just want to let you know that we broke into General Krieg's old house and found out it's really dangerous. Can we have it?


Well. That was fun.


Take ol' wrinkly-nuts over there. (laughs)


Also Hunter's Mark. So let's up that by one.


Well, this is a mess.


Another one?


Oh my god. This is where it all turns.


My staff bounces right off.


Okay. Same vibe.


Yes, when I do this, though, it's going to be very cool. (all laugh)


Hands shoved in each other's crotches.


Make a what?


I feel like I did something bad.


Look at the poker face on that DM. Giving up nothing. Giving up nothing!


That was well placed.


Okay. So I have this one in front of me. Oh, man. Oh my god.


Four, yeah! Lucky number four.


Such a hero!


Oh shit! I'll just fire both streams of Eldritch Blast from each hand.


I'm a little worried about leaving them here unattended.


I'm shooting it in the foot.


Right, cave first.


How deep is the water without the water being dispersed? Near the base of the tree.


13 because he's evil.


Okay. Give me the rod. You take the eternal string or whatever it's called.


Let's do it! Cast your Zone, yo!


Superman.


13 plus 11.


I love that.


Orly, do you see any way around this storm, or just through it?


I don't want to make a big thing. I'm going to go the authorities, to-- my keen mind tells me that woman's name was--?


I didn't burp!


Yeah, it's would be dex or strength.


We should probably--


About 30 to 50 feet.


(shouting) Go!


Yeah, I'm definitely in.


Well, we could-- Keyleth could keep her wings and armor, and they'd be probably, possibly, less likely to question any of us if we're walking around with someone of reasonable stature.


Yeah. Matt is just barely old enough to know what that is.


Emon. I go through, too.


That fuck that was like the biggest dragon ever ever?


Just let me ask the important questions, you all retire.


Decent for a city boy.


Yeah, or if anyone comes asking they're like, "Oh yeah, these guys just came in from, I don't know, Marquet or something."


We have one and one.


I take the lower one.


Okay. (slide-whistle) A d10 is this one. Ten.


Okay. Do you want to do something first?


Does reaction work like attack of opportunity?


Yeah. I pissed off that guy and he said he would kill me.


One superior, two greater, and ten--


I'm--


Want me to follow them?


She's going to lose a little air, but yeah. Is she engaged with anybody?


You read lips, what're they talking about?


Anthony Kiedis! That's who that picture looked like! I had to remember his name. Show it again! It's Anthony Kiedis! I'm just saying!


They get nippy. It's in the breed.


Does he get an advantage because of mountains?


Pretty sure. They look like they're on the look, yeah.


You were turned to stone, the king got killed, the queen took Grog, we don't know where.


Seriously? While everybody's having a conversation, I would like to take a healing potion.


The navigator.


All we could do is say hello to a stranger. We don’t know who it is.


That is a 29 to hit.


What about the pantsing? Is that included?


Okay, I'm going to do it!


(laughs) He'll try anything.


We can grab it on our way back and throw it on the cart.


This is on the side that they left through.


Payback's a bitch, huh, buddy?


Like a few little braids, because his hair is not super long. Maybe one here, one here, and one down here.


Heal you or something?


Oh, thank you. I don't remember where these came from.


I look at Yasha and I just go  That was very (vomiting) and I puke a little bit on her.


That hits him. That definitely hits him.


Each of us?


I love opals.


Wouldn't that be amazing?


You can find him.


Fucking slavers.


(high-pitched grunt) (laughter)


The other one is a 14.


Okay, this is not a real game. I invented this on the drive over! Okay, one more. You know what? You guys aren't playing anymore. This is between Laura and Travis. You know what? I'm going to do two more, just because I love them. Popular Ben Folds Five song, and the abrasive sound a donkey makes.


Like a real hug.


It was a bolo-y thing.


The SHITs.


Yeah, definitely higher than 20.


I'm going to look for footprints.


Fuckface is different.


Someone lives up there?


Whaska.


I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt, but I'm going to hold it until after Scanlan's turn.


My slave speaks the truth.


Let's hear it, Liam.


Does this look familiar to me?


I'm Zahra.


You think the basement with a dead person is safe?


It's fine?


Move on. I have.


Where are you?


The best thing I've ever heard. You and me in a room alone together.


I'm going to quietly wander outside.


I mean, she's right under the demon.


There is weird energy at this table!


It's open 24 hours.


Oh, yes. Percy wasn't feeling very well. He ended up staying home.


Yeah, sure, okay.


Still the lollipop, but razor blade edges.


I made it off of a recipe that she had cultivated, and it's quite-- you'll taste--


--I encourage violence. (all laugh)


Oh my god, Caleb needs glasses!


I have to pick one of the two doors and hope that it leads down.


It's motion-sensored.


They might be.


He's adorable.


What if it feels that I owe it something?


Can you remember who you killed two days ago?


Oh, I'll-- nope. (laughs) Do I need my sleep still?


Yeah. Nott's going to scurry over to the boy as fast as she can scurry.


I turn, I face the sphinx, and I don't do anything.


Oh my god, it's major.


No, we had a way in.


You can get it later, right?


You are wrong as well.


I've had a rough few weeks, and I need to get away from it all and go to that place--


What is it? What are they?


Is there a fighting arena in Marquet, or anywhere we could find a scrap if we wanted to?


Does he have any pretty buttons, Matthew?


I'm finally walking in because everybody has vanished off the ship, and no one is eating anything.


We have boom sticks?


There's dragony things, though.


Conjure Woodland Beings?


How high up are the buttons?


Yes. Good investigate.


(shushing) (groaning) Oh, shit.


Right away, Grog.


I have never had allies before.


And it's subtle, I like that anybody that doesn't know what it is would just think it's a cool silhouette shirt. And then anybody that does know what it is, it's like they're "in."


Real Vax. Because my thing is wearing off, buddy.


Ankhegs. Can I get a sense of how many and whereabouts the ankhegs are?


And one thing that this does confirm is that this has been a plan that's been in the process for a very, very long time.


12 does not hit.


Scanlan, then. Me and you?


It's green? It's a green-- wait, is it like a diamond shape?


It looks a little less... glowy, though.


Team Shopping, right Grog?


Suicide or one at a time?


Great. Can I take swipe at it with the Wastehunter Blade?


It will do in a pinch.


Hey, what is she rolling, huh?


Take a full minute to get over it, you fucker.


And I look up and I'm like, "Jesus, this is fucking stupid. I've broken some hearts in my time, but you, stupid Romeo, are taking it way too far. Guess what? NOBODY CARES." And I take the javelin of lightning and I throw it at him. (All cheer.)


This is a big deal.


Yes, we crossed the ocean. We were on those wooden things that have, like--


Does it have a false bottom? The chest.


By the way, I'm holding my dick with one hand and the wand with the other. I'm dual wielding.


(elderly voice) My anniversary!


But you paid for it!


I just stop! And I creep back.


I'm trying to keep her quiet.


Roaches.


Oh, you know this one.


Yeah, I'm inside a giant sphere of glass, basically.


(muffled) Go see if he's still there.


Yeah. Then we'll get out of here and then you can reassess back on dry land.


Yeah, I am pretty tiny these days. I have not been lifting.


100 copper? 100 silver, okay, 100 silver, you got it.


Vanessa, I want to thank you for trusting me with this very difficult task. I know that you sent some other people after this dragon, and your confidence in our abilities over theirs, who were defeated? It's just fantastic. I mean, what were you thinking?


I have never actually been quite so honest in my entire life. I think you'll find it very therapeutic.


(whispering) You got this.


Remind you, gotta stay active.


25 gold a piece. How many live people did we bring back? I didn't have those in jars.


I'm going to split the difference and go here.


Is that two including this entrance?


I'm going to cast Hellish Rebuke at it as soon as it does it.


All right, well, it's a speech.


Okay. And it doesn't look like it moves?


Have what?


I thought we could still attack, which would be way dope.


Lodestone--


I saw a couple medallions for you.


Technically, I think you have line of sight, from what I'm looking at right now.


Let's see. 30 feet?


We can buy platinum. Go to a bank and exchange it.


I can try. I'm going to try.


I could make you fly.


I'm going to shoot him! And he's still Hunter's Marked!


They have white wings, correct?


Vasselheim. Isn't there a library there?


Wand of Fireballs can get him, right?


There's a ship in the dragon's collection?


What's been going wrong? What's that? What's going wrong?


Is Alter Self a concentration spell?


How far did we make it?


No, hit or miss, the shard then explodes, the target and each creature within five feet of the point where the ice explodes. Oh. I'm fine. I'm doing it anyway.


17 plus five is 22 on the third.


Sure. So I'll try and lift the hook off the ship.


It is necrotic damage, but he has to roll a wisdom saving throw.


If it hits, they have to make a DC 17 dexterity saving throw. If it hits, it's a 4d6 lightning. Half if they make it.


That's what we figured.


But the north-western edge has a beach?


Knock him in the chin.


Maybe we should go out at two o'clock in the morning and see if we can find them.


Thanks so much, mistress.


It happens to all guys sometimes. (all laugh)


Well, we know how much the prostitutes cost to watch Kiri.


It's the one Scanlan burned.


Okay, it's Divine Intervention time.


With sneak attack you double your dice.


Are they your family, technically?


All right. So you'll earphone me when you're in position? Let's go, quickly. We're burning daylight.


There was one, it was a smallish beholder, and my men took it out into a field for me and sort of roughed it up for me, and then when the time was right for the kill, they said "Come on in and kill it!" And I came in and used my powers and killed it and I checked it off the list.


Laser incinerator! Duh!


Dance number.


We should probably go.


I like how the music stopped while we figure this out.


Crapper, John.


Oh shit, I have to do this quick.


I understand that -


Okay. But I haven't met anyone directly.


Donatello is my favorite Ninja Turtle.


(giggling) His Tary!


Or it's sedated.


It could.


I have never been so baffled in my life! That was amazing!


Arm wrestling or-- I don't know, what would be worse less than--


No-- No-- No-- Nope!


Sorry, everyone else.


Sounds like a plan. Can I go over and archaically remove the other two noggins?


I bet if you go back and look at the Q and A session we had, someone asked our dream game crew--


I cast Comprehend Languages.


Can I look around for anything that resembles an anvil or a shelf or something that one might wackadoodle on?


Or just kill him. That'd be fine. But yeah, maybe some answers first.


Is that a futzed roll? I need a judgment.


While we're still trying to figure this out, I'm going to take out my painter's kit and draw like a little piece of poop on the side of the building that we're next to.


Field mouse is not looking at the decoration.


Oh, you're welcome, Grog! My best pal.


It's great camouflage.


No one's going to retain any of the things you just said in the wake of that.


Okay. Am I doing this right?


I start heading towards the castle.


No, bacon is definitely worth fighting for. Bacon is worth fighting for, and when we kill that celestial baby we will have the godliest bacon one could ever imagine.


Ignore that trying-too-hard feeling.


Yeah! I'm going to grab him and try to grab both of his arms and hold him on to me.


All right. You have to give me a few minutes. Is everyone all right with that?


If the High-Richter doesn't say, "You're right, this is injustice, let's take it to the Lawmaster," then that Richter sucks.


He's asking to--


He always gets his due.


Yeah. I know, me too.


Yeah, provoke the thing with its teeth closest to me. I'm just fucking with you.


Well, how far are we talking about?


But do I still get shut in my face? So.


Oh! Absolutely fair.


Cock-a-dooed. (yelps)


He does.


Well, you'll know her name after today. I guarantee you that. I hope you enjoy this post. For the rest of your evening.


What were those creatures? Have you encountered them before?


And I stick my head, go into the fire.


That'll miss. I haven't said that much tonight.


Light is also important.


You are a miracle baby. I love you.


That would be the best-case scenario.


No, it's not about time. The dragon is sitting on top of Draconia.


Vax or Vex, will you come check this hatch for boobies? (laughter)


It could've been an elf.


Would you know if they came back? Do you have spies out there looking?


Caduceus in the front, everyone behind him.


Wait, smite?


Sometimes I have to go, but I like killing things, so sign me up.


Maybe in a little bit.


I think we're all up and moving at this point.


Do you think you can dispel their magic?


Mm-hmm, let's do it.


We have rooms. Why don't we go claim our rooms and I'm sure they can lead us to everywhere we need to go.


I was making light.


Yeah. Not as much rowing.


I take the compliment. I'm putting it my pocket. I'm keeping it for later.


Did he not have one more?


Remember that? Norda and Yorda.


There's always a choice, dear.


Yeah, disadvantage on attacks.


How much time are you thinking?


I want to find out what your sister knows.


Is Dolan gone? Already?


Well, if we can send the sparrow out, we can carry him with us if he finds anything.


I drop down and run.


There's a fancier part of this town?


It literally took five minutes to get here.


I'm going to try to Stunning Strike him.


Yeah. Yeah. I slap him across the face.


It's been a pretty crazy few days but I feel like you've all accepted me and I'm so happy to be back. And I can't thank you enough, really, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. Thank you for fully accepting me back.


Just the horse butt on the top.


I need a food for my nervousness.


Not 100% sure.


We just killed a dragon.


You, obviously, have heard of Vecna.


You shouldn't be doing melee on things that can split in half to begin with.


Mm. Is Dr. Dranzel around?


Yeah, I just get really possessive about certain things sometimes. Dragon blood and all. Thank you for looking out for me.


Ahh!


We also have the herbs.


Oh, I'm a paying patron here. They know me quite well.


Not anymore.


Did you hit?


It's odd that Saundor had it for so long, since he was quite the opposite of that, don't you think?


Freddie, how do you feel about this plan?


Yeah, the last thing we want is for the crownsguard to think that this was all us.


Oh, shit! That's right. Is this useless for me to do right now?


We didn't really discuss; we got distracted.


We freaked out our Uber driver.


This was in Port Damali?


Hold it up!


Draw! Draw, Nott, draw!


That's 15 points of damage plus four psychic. So 19 total.


Technical difficulties.


Sure, that probably... sure.


He's probably been up tinkering all night.


I would maybe just keep those or give them to Grog maybe, once again.


I want to taste some bratwurst.


It's safer than running around outside, that's where I want to end up.


Are these battles to the death?


I mean, should I do anything?


Yeah, at least it's not burying the forest anymore.


I'm so glad we checked out what it was.


I popped the book out, right?


Oh, it’s +8.


I could try. We could also kill those people and take their horses.


A hood?


I'm going to head upstairs.


Why do you hang out with this guy-- lady.


Oh, the Take? What would make you feel better?


Yeah, that's an 18 to hit.


Yeah, assume a different form.


Yeah, hork like you mean it!


I'll follow behind Grog.


Apparently you're very good at it. I saw-- I got a glimpse of your victims over there.


Oh, yes, that!


In front?


If everyone's got a minute, does anybody need healing?


I'm going to sit with Doty. I'm going to stay in the room. I'm just going to be sitting on Doty, probably. MATT. Okay.


Yeah, and Trinket will follow me in there.


Look, my sister's here.


That was a lot of skeletons that you killed, Pike, with that spell. That was really good.


Which one is which?


I'm going to choose to use a Resolve. That's a save, isn't it?


So they take 19 damage, they're knocked prone, and the water extinguishes all unprotected flames.


I speak Abyssal, but that's the other ones.


Percy and I are checking this room with the double doors. Do you have any trap checks to see if it's locked?


Can we send off a message?


Do I see the keg?


That would keep them in their fortress.


I just need the most popular one, because that's where my mom is going be sending me stuff. The Pillow Trove.


Yes. We were wondering what happened to him.


All right. Obnoxious One, I'm with you.


Before we met, when Vex and I were on our own.


That was pretty close, I think.


I was gone.


I think they'd be surprised to see me.


I'll attempt to help Nott escape.


Caleb has seen some shit.


Is that what we're calling it? Wheatoning?


Yeah, I'll roll a one on my next level up. (laughter)


Here's the thing. I do know that with my haversack-- where is it, by the way? Who has my haversack?


I have a question. Didn't one of us have a potion or scroll of language-speaking? Didn't we have that?


Can I investigate the walls? Did you already check for traps in this room?


Oh boy, okay. Oh, this is so bad. All right.


I reach back halfway and give a quarter-measure (whoomp). Right into Scanlan.


Yes, I do! Get on my back!


I'm going to drink now.


I'm okay with unpredictable.


No, yeah, no that's what I meant. I know you want to leave, I do as well, but we need to play this game a little longer, yeah?


All right, in a split second I'm watching Grog take the thing apart. I size up everybody in front of me in the distance and I think I can Assassin Creed my way through the crowd because I can go 60 feet normally, so 30 feet if it's crowded, and I'm going to use Grog's proximity to take this thing apart.


Dia--


What, it was a burp! (group laughs)


I like Tary.


Wait, what happens after we get through, though?


Never? Always. Yeah. No. Sure, let's go!


That was very flattering.


It's important you understand I have an agreement with the captain. No unnecessary bloodshed. You will make sure that the rest of the men know this.


I bought them for you.


No, I put myself out.


God, I hope so. (laughter)


Okay. I'm going to go over to Tary.


(gibberish noises) (laughter)


Ow, okay. We're done.


Little dick.


Okay! 22!


That is a tough decision. But this is the only one I have! I only have one flask.


It's so far. I don't know. Can I see it?


By the doorway? Yeah, that's good.


Who all took them?


I don't know; it doesn't say.


I'll stand up and go next to Caleb, and say Honey, did you tell them about our disease?


You sure? Because you just did that secret walkaround there. We notice when you sneak off. You do know that, right?


If there's anything interesting?


That's the  Do I tell them or do I not?


Nononono!


Can he throw Tary through? Or is that an additional action?


Yeah, that's lame. I don't know what to do. I'll move forward and hold my action for light.


What are you talking about, that is Taryon.


Can I use the rest of my action-movement-whatever bonus to look at the patron I'm next to. Do they have any baubles or jewelry on them?


I love Bane so much. Where has it been all my life? Oh! It's so hateful.


Ah, yes!


That's good, that's good, that's good. Oh, that's good, okay. 17 for the actual hit.


All right. Yeah. I go in the room.


Dagger.


Now go home and get your fucking shinebox.


We still can't see what's sending up those?


The manticore head. Oh, I bet it smells so bad!


I'm going to attempt something I haven't actually tried before.


Have you been to Draconia?


Yeah, we said we were going to do that, didn't we? What did you have in mind?


Oh, I don't know. I haven't really thought about it at all, now that I think about it. That's a good question. I mean, there's so much salt around, to be fair. It would probably take a lot of salt to be worth something.


We had to come. She made us. (laughter)


As if Vax needed any other reason to hide.


Is he unconscious still?


Oh no, Pike!


Yep, that's him.


23?


You want some candy? Come on.


I really thought we were going to get him to bathe this time.


At first, yes.


Ooh, yeah. Decimator of Beasts.


We're all there.


I'm going to take the hit.


Yeah, it's where I can get there. I'm going to try and see if I can make Vicious Mockery work on this thing.


Well, I just turned around, and then you all were gone.


You want me to make us Draconians or lizard people?


With a viscous powder that I mixed up. It's basically a flour base. It's going to be a real pain to wash off.


Can I ask you a question, DM? I have in the assassin perks. I think it says seven days, I can be anybody. As long as I don't do anything else and I work on getting the right papers, and no one will know who I am, 100%, but it's six days, so am I shit out of luck? This is why I was talking about it yesterday, motherfuckers.


We could probably get away with it. Why? You want to follow them and rob their shit?


That's good. You're not afraid that this captain is going to hurt you?


I want to learn how you fly.


That's by choice. (laughter)


Any sounds going on in there?


I'm Sam!


Indeed, there was a man in full plate armor who got quite a few shots in.


He gets a plus eight.


Honestly, this is my first time in the city, and I'm trying to get a sense of what's available for sale and what sorts of things one would find in the city, so really, I'm interested in touring your stock, especially if you have anything exotic.


We'll check, but shit happens, and you've got to be doing something when shit happens. We just happened to be doing something.


We have to give Ripley's hand to those guys in Marquet. I think that's the easy one.


Jeez! This was maybe the wrong sort of trophy to grab, okay!


The brazier's the source of the furnace, I assume.


Yes, thank you!


Yes, and we like to see different sorts of things, and this is really an interesting area. You know, not many cities have a lot of water in them like this.


I like purple.


Can you pick these locks as we're walking?


We're going to have to get these dice calibrated later.


Oh man, what a foursome. Holy shit.


You've got to get that unicorn, though.


(singing) The book is eight centuries old, or so I'm told. It's fraught with mystery. It's teeming with history. So please listen to me and don't kiss me because I really need this book right now.


I really need my head clear, and I just cannot function without sleep. There was one time, when I--


Scanlan, what if I heal you?


I am abso-fucking-lutely looting this city. Are you mad?


I take out my flask from my leg, unscrew it, and pour it in.


Oh, you don't restore all your hit points with Polymorph.


I'm attacking one of the cultists. I'm up to 120 hit points now.


I have been oiling my armor.


Never going to happen.


I get information on that gardener and where to find him. Or them. Or she. Or he. I don't know who they are.


Grumpy-ass wingman makes me look better in comparison.


I'm going as far as I can down the hall toward the direction of the bad guy.


But wait. Is there another exit? Or is it back to the--


Don't yell here!


Check it out. It's very good.


I cannot believe you did that.


You're not going to go too?


My love?


Okay yeah, nine.


I know, but my bracers only add to damage.


We also, somebody-- there's the point that somebody is informing on us.


I can see action figures busting through walls being held by hands (explosion sound effects).


I let Trixie run down my arm, and they boop noses.


(laughs) She's a stickler.


Oh, just the same merch news as always. We've got these amazing Vox Machina t-shirts in the store.


We keep pissing off the towns.


He's probably got a stupid constitution.


Tell her?


20. Doesn't hit.


It's got like fur. And some like--


She can't see shit.


Oh, and... Trinket.


I have been nursing the same cup the entire time and have been fake-sipping it the entire night. I haven't actually had a drop.


I take my axe and I slam it down on its neck.


You got it, Trink.


I already gave you a greater.


"You can't see me" doesn't work because you're in his face.


Hold on. Oh! 31?


That's not, we’re not doing that.


Yeah, what Caleb said.


I want them all to fall, please.


Is that really going to work?


Drop one of those rings, drop a ring!


I smile.


We're not getting to see it yet.


What do you think of the new guy?


Thank you for really bringing that to earth for me. You started this.


Yeah, but you're the muscle. I take them off and I give them back.


We just need a chain.


Shit, I'll drink to that! I take the jug and I stick my face in. I go: Beer! It makes four gallons of beer.


I know, I gave you the flowers.


Fly up and over, land, bring the tree back to life, get out.


Well these people have suffered the same fate that our frie--


Nefertiti! Ugh.


There's so much build up.


I propose that we have an evening's rest. In the morning--


Is it minus?


He doesn't remember, Pike.


Eh, I'm fine.


Jesus. We're on foot.


All right. Keep it coming.


We're going to be at SacAnime next week. The three of us.


I think it's important to point out that your kin, this general, is aware of at least three of us, of my dragonborn friend, the singer over here, and myself.


I don't think you were there. This might have been just him and me getting drunk at one point.


Yeah, like a natural formation, a coloration, right? It doesn't matter, though. I start looking for a stone.


Oh, thank you.


Make sure it's under a hundred pounds, if you could. Or actually, two hundred pounds, a little bit more to work with.


Let me move towards-- I say, Vex!


So we have to go back there to search!


I mutter a few arcane words under my breath and a circle of flame spins around my hand and three beams of fire shoot out towards this big guy. I cast Scorching Ray. Each one is a separate attack. First one is a 16.


That will top me off very nicely.


No, keep saying it, maybe he'll start rolling better.


So we push those? But there's a hidden button in there.


What about the beacon?


And Nott, may I say thank you for saving my life, because I was in a fucking pickle in there and if you hadn't gone and slaughtered that little baby manticore, I'd have been fucked. So thank you.


I love the rain.


Grab the necklaces and the cloaks and the censer. All three of them.


We're not slavers. We don't want you as slaves. If you'd like to stay with us, we can try to keep you safe. At least, we can get you out of this Fire Plane, if all things go well.


No. Follow it then kill it.


And pour it out.


Pickle, are you ready to go? "Yeah!" Okay, shhh. I'm going to try and open it as silent as possible.


Someone requested as a player, Zac Eubank.


Can I reach over and-- Come here. I pull his shirt aside. Did you do this?


I'm going to walk over to the Eagle Shot, was it?


Yeah, you gave her information, so maybe she'll give us some. Did you get fired? Suspended?


Well, but then you will be alone, surrounded by duergar and Grog.


Okay, I'm going to do that.


Actually--


I take one step closer to the efreet, putting me within 30 feet of him. I will hand cone up, and I will sing to him to try to charm him. I'll sing: (sings) my Grog don't like you, and he likes everyone! And I should have known that you'd try to run! But I got so caught up in my spells I didn't see that you were trying to rat me out! But I can't do that right now! I don't know. So I'm going to cast Modify Memory at sixth level.


I take my dagger, and I go to the altar--


I reach over and I grab Vex's hand. And I look at her and I say, what do we do?


Get their attention? All right.


I don't want to go!


It's so nice that this is not a problem.


Well. The dragon could be content fighting them. We take the time and get everyone else out of the city.


Separately, though, so you can hit from different angles.


Yeah, we lie.


No, we should kill this thing!


Hey! 15 with a minus two.


Not disturbing.


So stealthy, darling.


Oh, I had two points of exhaustion? I thought it was just one.


I can unlock the front entrance for you guys.


We go forward, right? Yeah.


Just other way.


Dex saves?


No trips to Coldstone with Percy. You are not the Godfather.


Where is the owner of this domicile?


That's fair, you probably have some catching up to do.


Look. How do you think druids discover things, okay? Someone has to figure out what's poison and what's not.


No, I'll be good. This is regular attacks, right?


Looking up her windskirts?


We're pirates! (growls)


What happened, what happened, what happened?


Can I use my 30 feet of movement to run that direction around the far side of the ruin? Yep.


I take Pike by the hand and I walk over to Kima. And they're short so I kneel down. I say to the both of them.


I don't know how big the library is right now.


Okay. You want me to control him then. Get him under my thumb. Bring him to the light, just a little bit?


They can't see everyone running to get the donuts.


She inspired him?


Is the ground dirt, gravel, or stone?


Well - oh. I have something for you.


Can I go over to the window and take a peek in, stealthily?


Type-0 also, dammit.


It'll wear off.


Knock.


It didn't work. It's a ten.


Right, we've established that. I can see indefinitely. That's what we established early in the campaign with the circus, but I can't communicate with him.


I say we speak with Allura, and if this looks--


Which gives me plus-- advantage? I will take it.


Yeah, but making any kind of noise would draw large crowds.


I twirl around and take my third wonderful pirouette attack, which is 20 points of damage.


Always with the same company, or different people?


We met the High-Richter before, you know. Yeah.


Kill Kevdak.


Do you need anything? Do you need anything to look cool?


That's exactly the magnet that I bought when I got in here.


He told us.


Fuck you, hydra!


Punch him in the balls.


It's not the House of Vulva, Scanlan.


He's a lover, not a fighter.


I got this wood.


Okay, I'm going to haste, as fast as I can. When I clicked my boots, do I still get a hasted action?


Nothing bad will ever happen again.


Is Percy here? Is Percy in the room?


She turned it into that.


Not for my clan. I am just average.


None of that was like a melee attack or anything?


Hold on, we’re close enough that magic has no effect, yeah?


Wait! Vex! I gave you a coin!


Vax is coming down to get you!


No, we'll just keep going.


I'm going to Bless Grog right now. It's all over you, buddy.


And I called out already.


Okay. I'm going to start to pull him into the hole.


I don't think any of us did.


Ooh. I reach in and grab that.


That's the thing that killed Pike.


Right. Question, though?


Well, that's interesting. What do you call that?


What if this-- they know you, right, Keg? You could say, "All right, I'm coming down, Lorenzo!"


So I'll go do this inside.


Blacksmith's is filthy; we'll go there first.


Does anyone have any books around?


I'm sure he is.


Yes! Yes! Friends of the show, Espionage Cosmetics, hooked us all up with some awesome nerdy manicures. We'll tweet pictures of our nails, so yes, we're all wearing awesome nails and we're going to be doing a giveaway from Espionage. Their tabletop bath bombs, which are awesome d20s--


But part of that then gives you a practically divine right to manage and look after the creatures of the woods, and our hunting, and what is reasonable to be killed, and otherwise. I think I'm covering most of it--


I'm going to roll the fancy one we got last week.


(singing) Put on your earthglide shoes and dance! (speaking) Okay, I want to go right in the center of as many of them as I can hit and take a cue from Scanlan and do a Thunderwave underground.


I am tracking a little bit ahead of them.


It's a present. It was a present for him.


I don't wanna keep it, I just wanna, I'm the one holding onto it, man.


I'm going to paint that on the bag. "Mom's Emergency Fund."


An attack.


She writes everything down.


Oh, wow. Well, that sounds pretty serious! So cool with me. I like people. I like hanging out with people. I like trusting people. So that sounds great.


Fuck. I don't know, you guys!


(whispering) Do you not want to talk in front of Kima?


Wait, what? I never heard this in two years!


We have no verification of an exit or a hole or anything!


L.M. L.M. L.M.


Consider it.


Cut me real quick.


I pull a card from the deck.


He could be dead.


You have a show? What kind of show is it?


Do you think perhaps it's best to skip one and hope for the element of surprise? Maybe he thinks we're going to finish off his generals before we come to him. It may be a brief moment of surprise. If anything, maybe he's expecting us to kill one more, not go for the main prize.


If you've seen one before!


Sorry. Sorry.


Cookie icing on your lips.


36. That's a one, but I've got to re-roll it. 42. Yeah. 58.


You're so domestic right now, it's so cute!


Come on, Trinket die. Oh my god. Okay.


Right? That would work, theoretically.


And 14 for Trinket, so--


And we can meet back there when everything is done.


By the way, part of the reason I didn't wash up at The Leaky Tap is because, in medieval times, they didn't have baths. I thought, this isn't the Sheraton, they don't have a bath.


We're all going down.


I can maybe, I can do an arc and do a droppy thing on him?


These are all the right answers.


The order was fire, earth, water, air. That was the circle. So it could be in any of those orders, maybe.


If we go through the cave-in entrance, I can clear it out. I will clear one of my last high-level spells, but Lionel knows his way through that way.


Yeah, that's a solid plan.


I love that this is all under the assumption that we just had this planning sesh underwater.


Where is the sword right now?


Yeah. You promise you won't leave?


(sneezes) Sorry.


This is how Sam wooed me in 2008. (laughter)


(exaggerated Southern accent) Careful, they spit.


That was a high acrobatics roll. I think the DM wanted me to eat shit.


Yeah, no shit.


I think at some point, I ask Scanlan for his hand in marriage.


Nope. Ignore what I said.


Whenever I see him.


That's a 15.


Tiberius, would you say, "I encourage violence"?


If they're in the mansion, though--


I would like to talk to Caleb. (clears throat) Oh, Caleb? Nott here. I have a favor to ask of you. I absconded with some items recently, and I wanted you to take a look at them with your keen eye.


It's just one back and forth. I can talk to him, he can reply once. That's it.


Can I cantrip a Gust against the sand to try and blow some of it?


This one needs a whore, sorry. (Sam grunts)


One-oh-one! Enjoy Deus Ex.


If you are saying that you are able to help people back from the brink of extinction, on occasion or under the right circumstances, I am going to hazard a guess that you could heal a wound in a snap, yeah?


Yeah, with Keeper Yennen.


Before we take a rest, I'm going to look at Percy, and I'm going to be like, I'll catch up with you guys. I think the people need to see the sun. And I'm going to go into my air elemental form, go up into the sky above Whitestone, and do my Whirlwind ability and start trying to just push all of the clouds out of the way to let the sun in.


Hey, guys. I'm unconscious.


Raishan saw us, the white one saw us, all of them saw us.


She was badass.


Well, we haven't pulled the black curtain back yet.


Go after the one that stole the guy.


I played Batman, I'm going to guess that Bane has Two-Face.


Won't happen.


(slurring) We could use your help, all right? I know you're a bit of a mercenary, but you are a very capable man and there is a lot at stake. There is a lot at stake. There are dragons, they killed-- I'm not going to get into it. But I implore you to look past yourself and please try to think of the greater world. (stuttering) I'm an admirer--


Ooh. That pretty much does the same thing. (counting) 21 points of damage.


My body's a temple. I don't like that.


Grog, care to do the honors?


You mean the old scroll?


He's looking rough.


Yeah, the one that has Nott.


Did you forget about Dr. Dranzel?


Can I try and just muscle out this bitch, since I'm still wearing my Gauntlets?


Yeah, but then he gets advantage.


It's just better to do them in a block.


My son is going to love it.


Oh god! No!


Is this going to be a sleight of hand check?


I hate to say this but Arkhan do you have him?


There's lots of diamonds right in here.


Hi, Darrell.


Both of those things.


Can it carry you?


I feel really bad for saying that out loud.


Oh, sorry, sorry, that happens a lot. I'm very happy for you.


Oh. Maybe that's where they ripped the thing out.


Powerful beans. Super.


Pike wants to go.


Oh yeah. That. So I'll take out my Wand of Magic Missiles, and I will just take down the rope.


How well did the fire burn the other body? Did it do pretty well or--


(barfs)


Wait! I got a question! My Hunter's Mark, can I transfer it to that thing or do I have to--


I have them.


Thank you, it's great to be back.


Greatsword it is.


But the stories I've read of adventure and derring-do and bravery--


I think we should all be mist, though, while we wait for them to get back. Just in case.


I care not to solve the puzzle.


And can't react?


Do your pants also have photoshopped lightning coming out of the crotch?


Noice, noice, noice.


Thank you. That's a 30.


What about your extra attack?


I'm sorry, where is the team?


Sure. All right.


When did we agree that?


I have nine healing potions--


I feel like whenever we come across a map, I feel like we walked into his hand, exactly where he wanted us.


Before we go to sleep, I go over to Kima and I say to her, Lady Kima, I think we're all going to take a rest and you as well, correct?


(airhorn sounds) (laughter)


How long ago did this happen to you?


I can stay with her.


Maybe I should.


Oh my gosh! This is perfect! Because if we're called the Mighty Nein, people will expect it to be a different group of people.


Do you have boom sticks still?


Yeah. You seem very at home in the water, I'm surprised.


That's a good question. We're not going to mount our full attack, are we?


Beau is aroused.


This is a sacrificial blade for sure.


Grog, have you washed yourself in water at all this week?


That's what I did, so-- and then if I'm five feet-- if Kima's there, I can sneak attack according to the rules?


It's like that pins and needles thing?


At the end of his turn, did he go back into his defensive pose?


I do not have visual?


It gets you, right?


Maybe a message of Sending. Can anyone do that? Pike? Do you have the message of Sending?


Killed it in one night. Damn.


Whoa! Your party got abducted? When?


Oh, you mean today? Oh!


How much money do you have in your account right now?


You have to intimidate his dick.


Oh fuck!


Making our way towards the tower, in a towerly direction.


Frumpkin climbs back up onto Nott's shoulder and nestles in.


You're drawing hamsters.


Okay. Does it say how many spells she has left?


Send it packing, Molly.


I could've shat on him and had the same effect.


It's over there somewhere.


Just, whoever's in there?


I'm sorry. Don't laugh.


Treeline to the west so that we can attack first thing.


Do you know what she looks like?


And I'm looking for a fanged grin?


Okay, so you do in fact trigger a bucket. (laughter)


No, I'm listening.


And I have my Anti-Life Shell up.


Kara, I like the enthusiasm you had about your plan. What sort of skills could you bring to this equation? Are you stealthy? Sneaky?


(clears throat) Come on.


You know, maybe if I readjust. Let me just close my eyes for a second. Okay, why don't you try?


I can light a fire in that pit.


I signal to Deuce. I don't know what else to call you.


69 hit points.


No. The scouting team did not fare well.


I'm giving you the orb.


Oh, what what. He's got a really high modifier, though.


Exactly how did we kill them, exactly?


Okay, that's going to be a 19.


You assume.


And 22 is the third.


Also big ten, which if you round it twice is like a thousand.


And I'm sorry. And Percy, I'm especially sorry. To you most of all. We weren't ready, you weren't ready.


Yes, you're getting ahead of yourself.


That counts, that counts!


Do all of it again.


Do you want me to be Poppa-- (stammering gibberish) (laughter)


[old man voice] Why is this crowbar seven gold?


Just a Jesus fish.


One of them is super gauche.


Yeah, me, too. Here you go. (whssht)


That bass is singing!


Yeah, instantly.


It's dark up there. I can only see about 60 feet up. Does it keep going beyond that?


Damn, note taker.


It's the toy that all your kids are going to bitch and scream and want, and you're going to be like really, it's the most expensive toy? It's like $150. It's like the toy of the year, man. It's cool.


I want to go in, peek my head in and shoot-- first, I'm going to shoot from my Longbow of Sky Sentinel. And I'm going to use-- it turns into three arrows for one of my attacks, so it's three more attacks, potentially?


Aw, because you saw it.


No. No, that was a first.


See if there's like any kind of magical impurities in her.


I have movement, but if I move away-- no, I'll just stick.


You guys take care of Trinket as I'm ahead of you.


Bear not included.


I thought you said you already wore a necklace!


Oh, yeah. That guy. (all laugh)


I can't Dimension Door you.


That's it. That's all I got.


Stanky-stank.


No dice jail for that one?


So they probably have pretty high.


What do we have that's dead in the Bag of Holding right now? Let's just start throwing them down some things to eat and I'm going to start making some noise.


Or we can take him home and meet you.


And then I spend two sorcerer points to (crackling sound effect) form an ice knife.


Don't Google it.


I will make bacon from chicken.


No, we should just--


I'm going to go a little Luciferian here.


Safely? Safely? I will go (whoosh) and let her take a little damage and hit the bottom. You know, I'm not gonna--


Oh. Well, thank you.


No, it's all right, it's okay. So, does Earthbreaker Groon, does he ever come in here? Big guy, muscley, long, like, stringy--


I grab some of the boulders and cover up the way we came in. Or just a boulder, and move it to the mouth of it. Or is it too big?


Fava beans.


Playing my shawm.


Well, we talked about going to the Cobalt Reserve to drop off this--


Everybody has advantage on attack rolls.


I can't read this fast. It's too much.


And I give it a treat. Krar, Krar, there you go.


And I just yell at him, dive, motherfucker, dive!


Did you really draw that?


I can't believe we survived.


Not acrobatics? Athletics. 23


I'm going to use the last bit of my movement to pop back behind the stone.


40 feet's huge.


Thank you for the Ashley Johnson simulator. That was weirdly comforting.


Clarota's there. God damn it.


Would it also hit Mr. Awesome?


Is he Shaun now?


My last episode of Signal Boost is this Tuesday.


I don't think we would get--


We also have a video to show you guys from a community member about their own D&D Extra Life stream they're doing this weekend, so we are going to show that to you guys here once you guys sign off, so.


Beauregard, Fjord, will you come here, please?


Oh, you're thinking of Toya and Kylre? They were an act before-- They were an act for as long as I can remember, right?


Ooh, good. Ooh, 15.


So, what I'm doing, whenever we-- can I make it look like there's a cave-in happening through the tunnel?


Hits! Whoa! No sneak attack. Eight points of damage.


Just start backing up. "Vex?"


All right. I don't want to hit Lady Kima with any of my attacks, so I'm just going to have to do... I'm going to do the Blazing Bowstring again.


46, yeah, plus the modifier now is 52 points of damage total.


Yeah. What if they're still alive?


Should we try it? Let's try it.


It's midnight wood.


Are you good at it? Do you get caught very often?


We probably won't suck too much. We'll have moments of brilliance followed by lots of swearing.


Saving throw, right? Constitution?


I bid you adieu. (laughter)


We could just shower this one that would be enough.


No, I'm going to get up, and I'm going to use disengage.


And the prettiest was into a cavern of blue crystal, where a fungal fortress--


Plus, that's a concentration spell. The mist form is my concentration spell, so we should be able to do both at once, correct? If we move quickly while she has her Locate Object on?


Not to my arrow. But it was there on the wall.


Okay, all right, wonderful.


Okay, that's better. Straight wisdom? A saving throw or just a check?


22 perception.


Yeah, so it'd be heading west.


Well. We could go fight zombie giants and then tell everybody to wait.


We're playing First Edition, right?


Yep, let's take a look at that.


It's like having the internet right there.


Yeah, I just remembered that the other day, and I just love you guys so much, you know?


Before all that, I'm going to be talking about comic books in that same room at the Wednesday Club.


Vex and Percy.


So it didn't talk back to you.


I will make their strength mine, and my strength their own, and in turn, I will try to make the world a better place than I found it.


Yeah, oi?


Oh, hi, dragon, you're my favourite customer.


Oh, did you find it? Did you find it in the group? Are you even standing near me right now, as I'm seeing this wand?


I'm going to build a relative canopy specifically for the left side of the boat so that we're protected and visibly obscured from anybody in the city.


Anything we do here, anything we do to that dragon, anything we do in the city is likely to be known by the other wyrms.


The only thing I could think of.


Yeah, can she guide me through--


I wonder, in all prudence, should we go around to the 'fugees, the refugees and do a quick--


Yeah. Now, if hopefully I wanted him to lift the form, would I hold my action?


No, there was just Fjord.


We're behind you.


Heal some shit!


He's in. He's fucking in.


Okay, deception, where the fuck is it? Oh, it's 11.


Let's find the source of the smell.


An alarm and a lock?


You wouldn't even have to tell us where you were hiding. You could just hide. And we could ready ourselves.


Now, question  am I able to use my bonus action to hide behind that chimney from Kevdak's view, and the archers are, am I able to do that? Just with Kevdak?


Okay, well, we checked that box off, so now we have to get to work.


Orly, you're so charismatic.


What about the gold? Did we find out how much gold?


I'm going to pull over and make that shot. I'm going to steady myself, sit down, and I'm going to make that shot.


I go up and rub on him and (meows).


A golem that was up in the wall. How about we tie its legs up? Just like we did before. Just in case he comes alive, then he can trip and fall.


Darktow!


Sorry. That just took a while to find in my brain.


That was good work.


(laughs) What is it, just a straight dex?


What? No! No, he can't. Oh, god.


K'ryyn?


And we're also going to be in Australia in a couple weeks, or this November.


I'm going with my first roll because he's a jerk.


I'm going to take my axe and I'm going to try to cut out his heart. Just in case. Very slowly, so it doesn't splatter.


I walk up next to him. Oh yeah, I see what you're talking about. Yeah.


Why don't we take a--


I was much happier.


Yeah, wonder if that's a good idea. Maybe I should-- I'm going to Patient Defense this again. Do I have a bonus attack?


Maybe they have magical items. I want stuff.


Yes, much better. Much better.


Machina, Machina. "Sock in a." Put a sock in a-- no. Vox, Vox. Put it in the box. We'll work on this.


Oh, that was so brief. That was like five minutes ago.


This was the best.


That's blunt, though. And two plus six is eight on the second. And seven on the third.


I'm going to flip one of the boats over as a shield and hide behind it.


Actually, is there a bath house in the village?


So what do I do? Concentration check, death save? I don't know.


We killed a beholder once.


Okay. Do I sense any kind of-- I'm checking for traps on the door.


I don't know. Is that my action?


Wait. No?


She's like if The Joker had a daughter with Krondor.


No, it was cocked underneath. It was tilted.


He's just stealthing.


So awkward.


Oh, right now?


You got a torch up there, or something?


I'm going to point out, I've already been looking for a way into the cave-in while you've all been being ridiculous.


We have two underwater breathing potions.


That fell out of my hands, it doesn't count. Oh, it's the same roll! Shit. Seven.


"The moment has come, and it is time for us to seize it."


We'll leave you alone, Percy. To work.


We should move!


Wow, Percy!


Well, it's not like they don't know we're coming.


Grog, the locking mechanism on this is jammed.


I'm stepping up.


Okay, so now I do--


Then the grass was purple, and then this guy came up to me and he was like, "Whoa, I just heard--" but then his face turned into an eagle and he flew away. What do you think it means?


Towards our destiny. (laughter)


I'm gonna take this wall, and I'm gonna go crunch.


Yeah, you drain Erika Ishii's blood. It's pretty great.


And because assassin and they haven't gone yet-- oh, I have advantage because of assassin, so sneak attack. Also next to Keyleth. Multiple reasons for sneak attack, so that is 11, plus psychic damage is 15. (counting) 36 for the first one. And then the last one does a rinky-dink one.


I could talk to them, but I want to know what they are first. We should do some recon and at least see what kind of creature they are. I can't just knock on a door. What if it's a crazy monster that pops its head out?


Apparently they needed us alive for it, so there was that.


Am I hidden? Can he see me? He probably can. He can see all.


I shake it and put it away.


No. All I'm saying is, I feel like you can get revenge. You can maybe even get redemption for what you've done, and you can become a better person. You can do good to counteract the bad that you've done in your past, and maybe someday there will be an end to your suffering.


Do your kids-- holding up okay?


We are so close to being able to semi-retire and take it easy. We cannot cock this up. We're going to hell, we've no plan! What if we went and were completely honest, and were ourselves? And explained that we were here to remove the shittiest devil in the city?


I'd assume anything helps.


Bandit ships?


Towards Vasselheim.


Yeah, because Scanlan went unconscious.


And then--


All right. Lyra. Lira? Lyra.


What would RNGesus do?


Does anyone know how to fucking drive a boat?


He's legend. His legend has been sung far and wide.


Touche.


Okay, so the first one is sneak attack.


Yeah, we're not supposed to be here.


Bunch of firsts, guys.


I didn't tell him. I think there's a week left of voting, so you can go and help out.


Who's up there right now?


(gagging)


I like this guy, too.


So it's a d20 plus a four.


Fuck. This is it. This is the rest of our lives.


Like a great herd of dolphins that we can commandeer?


I don't really do formal, so?


What? Hi.


So we're doing this in the morning, right? We're leaving first thing?


I'm also seeing, why did we switch from Pathfinder to Fifth Edition?


Oh! Right! Oh!


Do you have any blueberries?


Then your soul would be forfeit!


(laughing) This is a great plan. The winning part especially. Amazing. (laughter)


Do I know a lot?


Someone create a distraction! We'll pop out and kill it.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's what I want.


Fuck Clarota.


Tell me that for the chat thing. Hi, everybody! Orion Acaba here and Taylor Carol. This is our special guest. And he's with GameChanger, and he has a couple of things to say for this particular awesome charity that we are working with today with SquareEnix and the Deus Ex anniversary.


Eobard Thawne.


Can you still cast if you're a dragon or something?


Built into the rules, man!


And I’m going to dart back, as far away from him as I can get.


I wanna get back to--


It's really cute.


All right, I'll stand up.


It opens at sunrise so we should be good.


Or Melora's tree maybe? (laughter and applause)


Well! Yeah.


(shrieks) And I run.


Travis, while you were gone, we discovered Fjord's middle name is Bronco, so that's canon now. Laura, while you were gone, your dice were all loaned to Wil Wheaton for a little while.


Is anyone in melee range with anyone else?


No-- are-- go ahead.


False backs to safes.


I'm at two.


Thanks for coming, thanks for playing.


Front and center.


Can I hop around the corner again?


I can look for those. I do like buddies to go. Do you need to go to the boat?


I'm going to-- no, you should hold onto this because you've got the Haversack.


But what is down there?


Peek my head up.


Oh, we're going-- okay, you guys are joining us. All right.


I can't judge. I've done my share in the past. I thought you were a little overly nice to him.


Man, I've been Crossfitting all day! That's like stitching knitwear, right? Crossfitting all day.


Maybe we should all retire to our rooms for a while and come back for dinner.


Did you say a shoe?


No. You sent messages?


This is going to go well, I can feel it.


Long story, Kash. Let's go. I'm going to slowly push that door open and try to use perception in the room.


Well, I can use Sacred Flame on the ones in front of us and see if it will make it open in the opening?


Two. Just two.


There's that magic we never had.


And 17. One is lightning damage.


Yeah, I do the same.


It was not intentional.


I'll join you.


The second one has a bonus die, yay.


We do the cast of South Pacific. Yeah!


So it feels good to be back, ja?


Please don't explode.


It's whenever he remembers.


Oh wait, shit. Your fucking ring.


I'm all right with a vote.


Wait, are we taking the hybrid?


Yeah, let's do it again.


You think that's how you would phrase it? You'd say: we heard rumor that the owner of the house had gone missing. We went to investigate and discovered very powerful, dangerous secrets within. We know where he is. He's frozen on the other side of a portal. We need to make sure nobody else falls victim to it. So we close off the house and we say we'll keep it safe. For the time being.


Was it this thing?


Now we can watch it kill us.


This was a few years ago, so maybe 20.


Okay, I swing my Singing Dawnblade at him. (laughs) I have a dawn blade. It's just so lame though! It's so weak!


I mean, okay.


Are you rough? Have you taken some damage?


What have you discovered?


Oh, what the heck!


Oh. Little Elf Girl.


Eight?


With antlers. Always antlers.


They have sandpaper skin.


I will throw some money at this.


How about I hold it for you?


How far does it go?


I mean, you're perfectly attractive to some people, I'm sure, but you're just not my type, I suppose?


Is there a book update? Is there a sticker update? Is there a shirt update?


It's true, they're a double-edged sword, though. I mean, they should not be trusted, we cannot trust them, but they are an infrastructure under the city. They may have more of an idea what's going on than we do. I'm the best to speak to them, but I'm not on good terms with them, and I've never really talked to you about this, but you were marked at one point, a long time ago.


He went from level two to three. Doing good.


Slam it. Let's go.


No, I need a specialty. Damn it! And that hits, so both hit, and they're both with Sharpshooter, so that's nice. (sings) I haven't pulled my dice out yet. There we go.


The giant snake is a land snake is the problem.


And there's no other exit from this cylindrical chamber?


Is Claudia down in this room at the moment?


We did, we did.


It's a quick way to get rid of six people, though.


Industrious.


Think of something magical. Think of poop.


Because lead shields things from magical-- from divination magic.


Look, Vax came and talked to me last night, and he actually reminded me of something that I forgot to say to you, which is: thank you. Seriously. We haven't really had a moment to say anything, and...


I'm really angry right now. I'm genuinely angry. I can't even roll. Should I count that or not? Should I reroll it?


I feel like we should do that when we're leaving. We shouldn't do that before we go in. Because we're not going to be able to get to anything.


Why does it sound familiar?


Because they can't freaking see it right now, can they?


For every nat one rolled by us, D&D Beyond will be donating a hundred dollars-- Is that true?-- to 826LA! Also, D&D Beyond is retroactively donating for all the nat ones we've rolled so far in this campaign!


As soon as he walks away, is there anybody, any guards looking at the board?


Strong name.


That's wonderful to hear. Is there any other means of protection we have? I mean, if they are magic wielders, they might be able to sense our presence or something. Is there any way to obscure that? I guess I'm asking this, but I'm one of the only two magic wielders here, so I should know the answer.


No. When we go, follow suit.


You did kill a dragon.


Sorry, I was thinking about shit.


I don't think I named it in my backstory! The Tide's Breadth, yes.


Under the bed, in the bed, around the bed.


None of this absolves the dodgy goblin who slinked past that first question. Where are you from? What are you traveling from? Why the mask?


Oh, that's strength, isn't it? Oh, sorry. 17.


Does he seem-- Can I insight check him?


That sounds like a lovely idea. Grand Duchess, if you wouldn't mind taking a peek?


Inside!


I like it. You can keep doing it.


You're fine? All right, fine. All right. Congratulations, us. Maybe later.


I'm going to go ahead and say, (demonic voice) You got hit in the face with a piece of lollipop! I'm going to attempt to do four psychic damage and give him--


He already did that.


Don't act like you have to choose who it goes on.


Can't get away from it! Ooh, doggy.


Okay, before I drop elemental form I'm going to go pick up the rod.


Sure, let's just do that.


So I talked to-- and I know you got information, too-- I talked to Ogden, and he told me some stuff that's a little disturbing, but I guess, you know, way back in our family there were these brothers, and one of them sort of was overcome with jealousy, and he killed the other one, and basically, long story short, our family has had a curse because of that action, and Ogden wants to perform an exorcism on me to get rid of this thing. But I don't feel any different, I don't feel like I have anything, and he said, you know, we would all have to be a part of it and go on a mountaintop while there's a full moon, and I don't know.


He's still my friend. At least the bear still loves me.


Is leap from side to side also athletics?


You can sense them?


We're gonna take a little time for a day. And then we're gonna take you to hell.


So you want to hire more legionnaires to go kill an ex-legionnaire who wasn't legionnaire-y enough for you.


Wind Walk.


Yes, you need a hat.


They're really bright and garish. Really good.


I'm fine, I haven't taken any damage.


I think this is probably the stupidest thing, why did I decide to hold it?


"As discussed."


If Marius is incapacitated.


Ooh, ooh!


I don't have to work tomorrow. (cheering)


I understood that we kill him, then when we go to the prison, he knows people in the prison who would make sure that we find our way to the right places. But that's the shady part.


Yeah, let's not do that one.


All right. I'm in.


Makes sense. I don't know how my bow's going to work underwater.


Brian Blessed.


How do we do it?


Split the party!


Is he unconscious still, or just sleeping?


I take a sip of mine. It's very good.


Okay. And this gets the sneak attack damage?


Not as brave as you, sir!


Yeah, you got your boots.


Because I'm more partial to talking... I'm out. My flask is done.


You know, like some Spiderman shit.


Okay. Yeah that's fair.


Could you do me a favor? Could you butcher me a skull of Kevdak, please?


I do have Feather Fall.


I did, I did.


And I'm going to attack it twice.


Yeah, add that to the list. Our entire landscape is under attack. Now, Vorugal has helped you, but they've made many others suffer, not just Draconians. Entire cities brought down, for nothing. We're here to right the wrong and help in any way we can.


Saving throw.


They went fast.


Up here?


The rumbling creatures.


I didn't actually even want to come here. Ah!


