He's telling it to me!


We're going to let you go now and be on our way. I'm going to keep this as a memento. I would advise you to stay below. If you pop up, I can't guarantee the same good will be extended. I'm sure you understand.


No, Nott. Keep trying, you little detective. You'll get it one day.


I poke him in his remaining eyeball.


Make sure it was dead!


I run over to Trinket.


Those could be valuable.


We're going to be cracking open clay pots.


I'm sorry, there's no--


1d12 plus what?


Oh, yes, I should Identify that. I'll Identify that.


It's just a resolve; I got three.


Was he the docent or something?


What did you really find in there?


Sorry, excuse me, sorry. So Avantika. What's next for The Squalleater?


I want to put points down on his--


An extra 3d6, not just 3d6.


So wait, what are the two marbles?


Great, that's great.


Twiggy, do you have that jar of beads?


That is a cantrip, yeah. That's good though, that's 17.


Trinket's yawning.


This is an ability check, right?


Because I was going to have Keyleth lightning spell to help set the battery for the--


Sure enough, there's, oh my gosh.


See who you pick up along the way?


I know, because I'm an expert.


Invisible shit ass bitch! Nipples on a horse!


What the fuck? We have to get you to a cleric, that's not normal!


What? Whose side are you on, here?


I feel a little guilty about that. I feel very guilty about that.


Do you have any future plans here? Is there something that you're moving towards? Do you have a place that you're heading, a goal, anything?


Okay. Before that, do any of the orc have any iron on them at all?


(laughter) "I didn't think this through?"


Let's go catch one.


We can head over.


Oh god, I hadn't even noticed. So sorry.


52 points of damage just then?


We're not killing anything! And I punch the cow in the nose.


We have to kill these fuckers.


Outside of Westruun?


Yeah. It'll be awesome when that Stunning Strike works.


You had a lovely time.


I'm not even going to-- yeah okay.


(singing) Can you answer the call? Dig in deep in your soul as the legend unfolds. Now it's your turn to roll! [fire burning] [music]


Question two  What are you doing down here, really?


Three. Eight.


We should have asked what equipment was available. (all laugh)


It's past midnight!


That's tight!


I can move, but my move is nothing. It's 25.


The Blond Hair of Courage. (all laugh)


Before we un-stone Lady Kima?


That's negative. That's 16.


Not happy? Not happy at all or like cool?


This is what happens when you spend time on your phone.


I did a lot of pushups today! Ow, ow, ow, ow.


Snozzberry.


Any advice would be welcome. We want what you want.


I would also like to, quietly on the headphone, I would really like to know where this machine comes from, because I'm finding it just a bit creepy, and I would love to get that information out of him before he disappears.


You're just appealing to his reason?


I come running in. Do I need to fix a hole?


Let me kill him.


Percy wants to be dropped off at the crow's nest, so I'll fly over that direction.


These are beautiful rocks. Beautiful.


They switched, yeah.


Until today.


I go ahead and on our way out I cast Create Water, and I kinda just use my air ability and make a mist to try and like mist the lava that's coming towards us.


Can you explain with your map, Matt?


I'm going to rest while they talk. While they figure out a plan.


We can take turns with it. We will decide.


Yeah seriously. (sniffs)


I run up a little closer to be in visual range, yeah?


Do I get an attack of opportunity since we're moving out of its combat range?


He can't see.


(inhales) Oh man.


Don't we know something about obsidian--


Well. We should take a look around, maybe get a sense of this place, since we're going to be here for a while when they fix the ship. I have a few things I'm looking for.


I know. That's my one goal in life. I'm a big old homewrecker.


Oh. That's really good because I rolled a 19. Wait!


Thank you! I've been learning from you.


I rip off an apple as I go, and I start aggressively eating it.


One of you wordsmiths go talk to somebody and ask directions.


I flip my Flametongue dagger over backwards and hand it to him through this little hole.


I'm going to pop my head up and I think I'm going to back against the wall so that I can actually see what's going on for now because I'm starting to get nervous. I'm going to use my bonus action--


Damn!


I guess so. You guys are going to need me to get back.


Oh. This is the worst haggling ever.


Let's start smelting.


I did not. Do you know where she goes?


Oh, and if I fail dex saves it's half damage, so I'm getting quarter damage right now.


Like E.T.


I thought he was with you.


No no no, I'm still in the air, I'm not on the ground.


Sipping my milk. Milk mustache. (laughter)


Traveler! If you're here, you should show him you're here so that he will like you even more than he already does! Just give it a minute.


I'm in Cassandra's room, still.


(whispers) 12.


Died of a broken heart.


Yep. Got the figure eight, the figure four, the hidden figures.


Well, we can have Tiberius hit him with, like, a quick damaging spell and make him--


Yeah. I've got to fix this.


I don't know. I would like to think not, but I don't know.


She can do this.


Do you want to go in a hole?


You're going underwater now? It's freezing cold!


What was it written in?


Okay. That is only a nine. Wait, that's a nine.


Smugglers.


He said there's another pyramid under the city.


(screams)


Why don't we go find a tavern somewhere and let these people pick up the pieces, and give them their space?


It's your forte, so--


(excitedly) Oh no!


The people we rescued from that cave nearby? Are they all fine, not, you know–?


C drive? USB port? HTTP? Forward slash? Ugh! Speak English! All these wires and cables! I can't take it anymore!


Maybe, if they can find the living room. It's dark!


It's not fleet week.


Like Skyrim trying to get--


Christmas Critmas is going to be the 10th.


No, I've missed you guys too, but, sometimes it's just best to go my own way sometimes.


As a bonus action, I would like to Goodfellas-kick him about eight times in the ribs. (laughter)


She's already left.


We still have some fire damage on the boat, though? We're going to play that. Our flag was burned.


He was handling a couple at renfaire. It was kind of scary.


I think it's Trinket's first kill.


Someone continues to ask. In the last Q&A, I referenced going through a rough patch, and they want to know if I'm still going through it, and how D&D helped.


I have one job -


That was in Brimscythe's.


He was. No, I checked. Unless he's very clever and very keen, and I don't think they are. I think that if they knew, he would be in a more exalted position of defacement. I think this is just slaughter. Things vanish. I'm all right with making this vanish. That's as much of a calling card as I feel we need to leave.


Okay, all right. So we have the extreme hint.


Okay. I fly down over Scanlan's shoulder and attempt to read the damn book.


The murk. It's just physical crap filling the water?


And we actually found these clippers for the chain.


We have enough gold.


Can I try doing a little healing?


Okay. I think that'd be good. We'll start there. Put a pin in this for now.


I agree with Vex on this one.


Spellcasters.


Oh my God. Oh no, what did he pull. What did he pull?


So 18 for Sneak Attack.


That's--


No, it's level two for me.


I'll-- you know what, I'll do the acrobatics roll to try and shut the door, and--


A Tree Stride spell traveling. Yeah.


They're in the woods. We're in the pond.


Yeah and I followed you, saw what was going on, took your carpet, and I'm giving it back to them.


I'm opening up the jar. There you are.


Lock it up, right table, Jesus!


Oh! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark.


This means nothing, and I want to win.


Yeah. I don't think Ioun is here.


Yeah, which on D&D Beyond--


That's a Sam Riegel original.


Salt water or fresh water? Or wine.


They said the tithe man could return any day.


I, apparently, am missing an awful lot of time. But this did happen. Yes, okay.


You're going to be great, don't worry about it. I want to apologize in advance to Liam for having to share a table with me. I'm sorry for what's going to happen to your dice on account of how close we are to each other. I hope you're not too attached to anything with your character at all. (laughter)


Well, it's shiny.


I have no idea what they're going to be like.


If we find them, then we assign Frumpkin to the case and I will lean against a tree. Nott will keep watch over me and we will know where it goes.


Yeah, they got bounce houses. It's just out. There was a festival going on.


Oh my god, can you imagine? We would be so broke.


I fly up and I cast. Hello, darling!


I know, me too.


I've got crazy spells after the next short rest.


I still have my light.


Yeah. 21.


That dick!


Vax is watching; he just leaked a little bit.


Do you get to reroll ones?


Oh! It got me a chair.


They might have some sort of edict written by Prucine.


Here's the thing, Keyleth. I'm not afraid to die anymore. I came to this realization. I've seen the other side. I've come to terms with it.


Oh, okay. That's better.


I got it! I walk over and I slap the shit out of him.


An airship? Did anyone see an airship flying around?


Okay. There's a d10, there's a d10. Okay, so ten on that, plus Hunter's Mark. Six, so 16.


That's nine--


The assassin doucher?


You might want to consider different keepers of this place. It seems a bit--


(old-timey voice) Old time radio.


Right ready.


Oh, yay Trinket's dice, thank you!


Lift?


Before I go out I say, nice to meet you, mister--?


Yeah. You and I, we're good. We have this little routine. Beauregard can do that on this side. What about on your side? You? You're short.


Him and Ornna? It's Ornna! Ornna's the one. Thanks very much, we're out of here. (laughter)


Uh, no, the Sanctuary is a bonus action.


(singing) I'm living on the edge! (laughter)


(as Trixie) A little weird! (as Twiggy) Sorry. She talks sometimes.


Radius blast, but that's not a second level or lower.


Give me the platinum.


But I think you have to use truesight. It doesn't just happen.


Would it be foolish to have you speak on our behalf to usher us in?


You didn't have to know that. Big girls don't scry. Sorry, I saw it on Netflix.


I tell some guards on the way out just to block off that house and not let anybody in it. Don't go inside, on your life.


Okay. It's fine. It's on me. It's okay. I'll just get super drunk.


It doesn't really ultimately matter, but I feel like that was like a toxic relationship. I didn't really feel like the assassin and Theo should have-- I mean, he led to her death. That kind of sucks.


21.


There's a thing in there. There's a face, and it sucks your life out. I found a door, though, guys!


Well, let's rest.


More like a staycation.


You want me to go get Caleb?


Then I'll try to rejoin them.


What's the Traveler doing up there?


Once he's gone, can I wait to--


God wear.


I'm going to scry on--


I'm gonna climb up that boat.


And I open the door and show you. And then I shove you in and shut the door for a moment.


Hey. Fish porn.


Everything is good?


No, on somebody else, so I'd just hide him.


Wait, it's not at night, it's the middle of the day.


Yeah, I'm going to shoot him.


There's rum down there. Down there? There is rum.


Dexterity saving throw?


Oh, he saved.


Nature? Plus one.


Wait, she's the one who killed a bunch of your people, right?


You guys know what D&D Beyond is? It's awesome. You should check out the site dndbeyond.com. They also now have open alpha access for an upcoming mobile app. The D&D Beyond team is looking for additional stress testers and you can sign up using the following links. Insert links below me.


Wizards, man!


I go downstairs to watch.


Yeah, but we need the mansion door to get him inside so we're not going to have us outside. Are we?


I like her a lot.


For a year, he tried to get me to design an exploding donkey.


Don't have to feed him.


Heaving.


It's weird. There's this part of me in the back of my head that kind of always wonders if I'm going to run into her.


Oh, this is definitely Pinhead stuff.


Is this a misfire check or a tinkering check, since I'm not in combat?


Kerr bear. Oh no, it wasn't Kerr bear. It was Tova.


Rat bastards. People who deserve it. People with money to burn, and people who have done wrong in their lives. I take some back.


That doesn't seem right at all


Ability checks, yeah, so all dex checks.


I don't know, it could be cool!


(sighs) Well, let me see.


Lightning Bolt? She's immune.


I'll get a little bit closer, and then I will use my hasted action to chuck a dagger at his fucking face.


(devilish voice) Ack! Fuck! Can't finish it! (laughter)


Cobra Kai.


Can you show me? What is this thing, what did you steal? What is this thing?


No, but I think she should plan for her life if he's not coming back.


Yeah, that's a good suggestion. First, what are we doing? What did you find out down that way?


There's four of them. There's four of them.


I'm gonna assist her, look for animal tracks.


You've seen Teen Wolf, ja?


I thought it was going to be - I wasn't trying to read compliments about myself. (all laugh)


Totally. (gasps)


Can I do a nature check to see if I feel a breeze at all, or is he bullshitting?


No! Tell her nothing!


Why do we have to run? Seems like we're winning.


Did you tell her you're her dad yet?


Ferret smell.


A bit, yeah.


Shall we head out?


Sweet. Who's in the tentacle next to me?


12 plus... just one damn lightning damage.


She should write a book.


I got in really big trouble from my parents because I started syphoning his cases of wine and selling them underground for half the cost, without tariffs.


Insight check, all right.


Try fire.


Manufactured or made, or just paved floor?


But does it remedy the spell problem?


Hey. Yeah.


If I may, thank you for sharing that, Nott.


It's a trash chute.


Don't think it was friendly.


That mud looked at me the wrong way.


Sure has.


I'll shoot again. Slightly better. 14?


Oh man. Full of lessons for America today.


Oh, wow. The suspense.


Disadvantage on that.


Right there. You can stand up.


With my bonus action, I'll cast Hex at the hydra, dropping the--


But you wouldn't be able to help her find it in a necklace.


I'm not sure. We'd have to start asking around. They're remote. We're secluded people.


I asked really politely for that not to be mentioned. Cool, no, I'm going to remember that.


Hmm, haven't heard of it.


Okay. Wow, good roll. 21.


Forgive my brother, he gets very embarrassed when he talks about how much we've saved. Humble creature.


Would you like to show me the Archive? Not the inside, the outside.


30 Rock Soul? (giggles)


But Bryce grew up in the west.


Don't think about it, just go.


I'm up in his ass.


He could save from that any second. We need to like off him or something.


Put it on a kitten poster.


Look how little they are!


Eins, zwei, drei.


Will I get within 30 feet of him?


All right, I'll try. That's a 15.


I'll run in real fast and get it.


Yeah, that's awesome. And the second one-- Yeah, that's pretty good. 28 minus five. 23.


That's all right. That's why we're taking the heaviest hitters.


A payload? He called you a payload.


Mr. Reynolds.


Gentle chill, like a Jack Johnson song.


Can I roll for insight?


She's trying to get you to come to her church.


We could take out a contract against the red dragon.


It matters now.


Worst roommate ever.


I'm going to place on my ring of water walking that I stole from Jester.


Of course you can! I'll give you two crazy eyes.


Well, let's take Kima's advice and maybe start with a little reconnaissance. We'll get closer, we'll rest for the night, and maybe send in a snooping party.


I mean you can, I mean we've gone to all this trouble, but if we want to add to it. I mean, this is just what we've been doing.


I'll run towards this-- no, I'm going to run towards those horses. I'm going to run that way.


Forever!


I could-- I do still have my sixth-level spell, I could attempt to get to a few of their tunnels and collapse their tunnels.


Can I run up to the guy that just came up to Jester and wait until that light comes up from Caleb?


It's probably best not to wake her up while we're carrying this head around.


Yeah, she's all right.


I don't think I can do anything else.


Hundreds. A couple hundred feet.


I'm sorry. I'd like to make an insight check on the dwarf, not to see if he is lying, but he could be. Can I get a gut instinct into what his deal is?


Shit. Scanlan, do you want to ride on Grog's back still, or do you want to come up in the tree?


Actually, would I have gone for the front door or-- No, I would have gone for the back. That's what I got.


They're all locked. All these books are locked.


"On a failed save, the target must make a strength saving throw." Versus my 16.


(drawn out) Mitheens.


It's nothing to you. It's nothing! Missed all the major organs. (laughter)


(gasps) Tell them I'll be along shortly for therapy.


I think you were in the barbecue shack.


I'll do 300 and you do 300?


Action Park! (laughter)


Can I quietly go into a rage? (laughter)


You're making Tijuana bibles. You're making Tijuana bibles for your religion. Is there going to be nudity and sex in these? Because then it's basically a Tijuana bible. Don't Google Tijuana bible.


Who, me?


Where did my cat go?


I'm going to take another stab.


My daughter's crossbow, you want?


She's a night person. She's okay.


(laughing) Yeah. I paid money for this thing.


I know, I was commenting on the way I was laying. Can I come up to the top of the stairs, right there? Keeping some of my movement left, and can I cast Eldritch Blast, at the gnoll that's standing in front of the big bad baby?


Then I'll stay on the ship. You guys go on, take a big bunch of money, go get the crew. What is the argument to that?


Nothing that's been desecrated?


At level three, so I get to target one other individual.


Oh, great, yeah. That's good.


You have a slightly splintered lance.


How you ever snagged it with just a kitchen garbage bag is beyond me.


We're doing that.


So what would that be?


Yeah, is it? Because I have advantage if it's a charm effect.


We've seen what the Vestiges can be. I think they're... terribly important. And we can return from the Feywild immediately and in theory, be right back here when we're finished, and perhaps by then we'll have an avenue of attack to this rakshasa.


What, like a hundred points of damage?


Yeah.. that's exactly what B & B means.


Does it require attunement?


Does that make you feel better?


In the morning. Not now.


What was your persuasion?


Yeah, see if you can dispel the magic!


That ain't nothing to sneeze at.


I wasn't trying so hard.


But she's raging.


For seven days.


I'm so upset. (normal voice) Take it away, Matt.


Nope, can't get that from LDN. Cannot promise that from Legendary. Nope. Not for a Twitch show. If you make it an Alpha show, then I can get you money. (laughter)


I’ll step back a little bit out of Grog’s way.


You're already back, you're at the bridge!


Which is halved because of my armor, so 26 down to 13 and seven. 20 total.


No, that's wrong. 21.


Or falling out of it, which we would really enjoy.


I hand him a small bag of powder. Now you've learned not to touch things if you don't know what they are.


Yeah, the closest bone, I don't want to, ooh. Yeah.


We just have to pick the least terrible option right now.


Shiny fingernails. Feel like you ate a soul.


Second attack. It's very methodical. 26.


All right, could I walk over a little bit so I can stand on the--


What is happening to us?


I hug her. Oh, and I pop Trinket out of his necklace, and I cast Cure Wounds on him so he can lick her face.


There's one on me.


No, 3d10 because it's cast at 2nd-level when you're doing Hellish Rebuke.


Do you need help because we both speak Abyssal?


I always forget the name.


Backing off.


Avoid that!


I turn and I cast Grasping Vine from up here and try and yank him back up.


He is not restrained, but he does take an additional 4d8 of damage.


I didn't know that he had a name!


The Countess.


Can I do an insight check on Percy?


What do you want to do, do you want to stay here while the world burns?


The object of the game is to knock the other opponents off their pillars.


Okay. 19 plus 12 hits on the second.


But I know it's there. I know it's there from when I--


Yeah, I want it to go and try and attack the tentacle that is holding Tary.


Yeah. Marquet is far. It's very far.


I would've never known.


Nine points on the second-- I'm sorry, ten. Ten points on the second one.


We can't sail away--


Are his robes floating around him all cool like a Nazgûl?


Fucking every time. I know I miss that flair.


I'm not taking it.


I was wondering about that.


This sucks. Is anybody around that I know?


We're sadly on a mission.


Who's the green robe guy, then?


It's been 14 hours since we've met.


You want somebody else to go into.


We just got to go through the tree, yo. That's it.


I think there's some sort of god-sized machinery ahead of us. I think we're getting close.


She has a good eye for value.


No. Wait. Stop.


How long ago did they say the guards went down and didn't come back?


Molly could use his masculine wiles to talk to--


I'm going to undo that.


Fucking fuck! Well, then I guess I reroll.


Damn it. Okay. (laughs) Oh, shit.


You better put that out.


He said quartermaster, not boatswain.


I've never used Blink before!


(groan of frustration) I snare eight points of damage off of that, so that's-- how many points is that?


It's the one that everyone-- he's the one managing all of the goods and all of the farming.


Wow, that was fast.


Maybe you could do the tour together?


Craft? They want something-- okay.


Okay, this is what's important.


I'm all tapped out.


Cool. Sharpshooter for both.


Yeah, Holly. (laughter)


I have two tarts!


I bet those are fun.


I prefer Chod. I think we'll set off the old-fashioned way.


26 there.


Simple weapons, okay.


With the d4?


(deep breath) Come on. What was the agency you sub-contracted from? I know how this shit works.


Said enough!


That's true. You waltzed through it. And you didn't start in it, did you?


The punch is just strength modifier, right?


And, fucking Scanlan!


He went invisible! (sings) We're walking down a hall, nobody's watching us. (laughter)


I know I've been rather quiet this journey, but I could just provide us with a few more, if that would help things--


Yeah, so mine is 44 for me.


Well, we'll see how we are at the end of the day. Bet that'll fix itself.


Right. Definitely won't lead to anything.


And steal their plants from outside.


Kylre was not a talker.


I feel like it's the sword, I mean we all know that sword has been weird.


Well, since we're getting separated, Grog is taking the Bag of Holding.


What did I say? 21? Half of that, 11.


(sings) That was Ariel, singing Little Mermaid.


Come on, Dr. Dra!


Hold on. (laughs) I think distance makes a difference with these people.


Oh. Yeah.


Oh, it's running from me?


You waded through blood, Grog.


You've come full circle.


No, ugh, no!


Maybe we can get one of them on our side.


Oh, and it's also a 1d10; I just rolled a 1d8.


Yeah, we're the original O.G.


My real-world ADD is fully maxed out. (all laugh)


Mama, put the coins in my eyes because I sure do not believe what I am seeing.


Oh, easy!


It's hiding your face.


Oh god, how does he know how to write?


What do you want to do, you want go back?


How do we know we're not going to run into a whole bunch more?


Dolan is staying. Horris is getting out of Dodge.


No, he's a warlock.


Do you have that letter, by the way? Who has that?


I think maybe we invite them in and one of us keeps out--


It's an open glade, you said?


Yeah. I'm actually going to throw up-- I'm going to maintain my Faerie Fire.


Well, hang on, while Grog goes and lifts the thing. While Grog does that, do I have any idea where we are geographically in the city, underground?


No, that's weird.


Does it look like it's just happening in our direction, or is it coming toward us?


This is totally worth it. We don't know what any of this shit is.


Should we put a fancy robe over his nasty eye, so he can't give you the--


We have to misty there, right? Because you don't know any trees in the area?


Oh no! (thud) Oh, fuck! Sorry, it was a reflex!


Vicious Mockery.


The Laura Bailey bladder was right here. Where'd it go?


We can't see the next deck?


We just waited just in case.


Nope. TRAVIS. Three. (laughter)


The perfect scar.


Should we try one more?


If you're renting a room there, maybe they have to let us in.


We can wait until the storm comes. It'll be super windy and loud.


Forest at the edge of the mountain.


No, no, no, wait, how long does it last?


Is that the deal?


The mansion seems to be where they've based their operations, though.


We can go back. We'll take a lovely vacation.


Caleb? This job doesn't involve monsters. That's pretty good.


Flurry of blows. That's not good at all. Ten.


Us. By us.


And I use my bonus action to hide.


I mean, it's too much good stuff.


For my turn, I’ll be dead.


This is either the best plan or the worst plan.


Oh, god, am I trying to do anything but get through?


I wonder if they have guides. I wonder if I can be like a tiefling tour guide for you guys.


Wait, you said they like left you alone once you changed into that thing?


No, I can take care of it better than you.


So it's rather unremarkable, but I think it's something that we can handle, definitely, within a 24-hour period.


He's just leaving it.


(robot voice) What is Greek? (laughter)


No, please.


No, you do.


Do I have any knowledge of Alfield?


Part the water!


(gasps) That's the name he said to me when we were dancing. Did you know?


Wait, but she wasn't that close to him!


Wait, but what is what?


Motherfucking dexterity save. That's some bullshit.


That's what I said!


What? (laughing)


Back to your old self.


No! It doesn't hit! (laughter)


Hang strong, buddy!


Just throw a fireball?


You know, how about we just go? You could wait outside just in case something happens.


Oh! In that case, I'm going to cauterize the wounds. There's more than one way to make someone talk!


Is this a metaphor or is this actually a real thing?


Oh, God. Can I, as a bonus action, give Trinket a healing potion?


I'm trying to fix the dragons.


That's what he told me it was a long time ago.


Guess not.


Flash! Aah!


I get around a lot.


I'm not sure. Did we have a plan?


I was just curious if I could pull liquor out of people. I'm going to go throw up on Fjord, excuse me.


I don't think he'd be opposed to joining the game.


I'm going to take a Sharpshooter plus violent because what else are we going to do? So sharpshooter plus violent shot--


He takes another 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every ten feet he was thrown.


Okay, I guess I'm going to-- fucking, like an asshole, run towards the boat. God, this is so dumb. I run towards the boat, but I'm going to-- as far as I can.


I'm going to hit it with Sacred Flame.


Both! Why not both?


You, too. How's he?


I'll go first, so I can try and help anyone else as I go up. Can I do that?


Smear him.


Now you're all going to leave tonight. You're going to find something better to do with yourselves and remember, no matter how you die or where we can identify your bodies without the heads. So be careful. I'm going to give, in a line, one gold piece each to each of them in the row.


We also have a-- no, we left the axe. Never mind.


I want to attune to it and see what happens.


Can I also throw out that maybe six might be pushing it a little? Maybe we should drop it down to, like, quadruplets?


I'll use my bonus action to pull the sword back, so it's in my other hand. I mean, I could roll for it--


I'd like to go straight for Vex.


We have tunnels left and right?


Yes. Can you find him? Are you drawn to him?


So the sphere is still there?


I will say that I don't want to get hung up trying to help those people while we're in Shady Run.


I'm thinking, that's-- One gold.


You see? You know it, too. That means you looked at me because you knew.


I was talking to Caleb. I'd buy a glass of wine for you.


Yeah we could do that.


Scanlan's up against a dude, right? All right, so what I want to do is slink up behind Percy, reach over-- oh, no, I want to click my Boots of Haste, is what I want to do.


Okay, so that's 3d12, which I have never used in my life. I think it's this one. The fuck is that?! That's an 11. Plus six is 17. 25 lightning damage.


Am I taking yours, Grog? Are we going to try this?


Yeah. Because I'm learning new spells in the morning.


That shit has been festering for months!


Me? I am interested in the history of the greatest arcanists of all time.


What if it's a street? We didn't clarify, did we?


Yeah, because the earrings don't work through the mansion, right?


That's true, it is fucking cold out here.


Does that always happen when you pray to this lady?


Almost good, and then not. 14.


Can I just say, I have no idea what's about to happen, but it's been a great pleasure to walk beside each and every one of you.


No, that's fine. Frustration's good enough.


No, I'd like to then move in, closer to Trinket.


Around the Sun Tree?


How much money was in the first two purses?


That was horrifying.


Yes, potentially, or they could have given up. What if we just peek out the door and see?


You're looking good, Bigby.


Oh, killer.


That's good for me. That fucking Finger of Death.


Here's a five. Okay, so I'm going to now--


(rasping breath)


I'm walking right the fuck up to it.


Is that, should I send Trinket into the keep?


It all depends. Not really.


If I cast Owl's Wisdom on people, it gives people advantage on wisdom checks. Would that count on saving throws against willpower?


Kern the Hammer, he came back with that monk shit.


She's battle-worn. 19.


I feel like we're so stupid, we should know this. "The four endure, the four remember."


We've been alerted to some evil afoot in your kingdom yet again. The former Krieg's homestead has been vacant for a while and apparently has a portal to an evil realm inside. We went to investigate, acting on a tip from--


I think anybody who was there who saw it probably died at the center of it.


I will certainly try, this does seem like a very--


I'm going to say "I am rubber and you are glue" and use Hellish Rebuke on him. In Infernal.


Oh, P-- oh, Grog.


We have some rings.


Yeah, it's a bird of prey that you have to wear a glove to handle. How awesome is that?


You said your name was Ka-SHAW?


It's 26.


All right, I'll leave it if I can't see. That'll be my turn.


Nope. That's how people die.


Wait, wait, wait-- these stingers are on the end of tails?


We're about to Say Yes to the Dress, and go and follow this plan, I think.


We're fairly sure you know of this.


We haven't gone to the keep yet, have we?


No, it's not! [music]


Wait! Is this the first time you've--


Caleb is very smart, and he's good with magic. He can probably determine what you're carrying, what that ball was that Beau has now.


Is this the same ravine that we're travelling across?


A sign.


Why did you have to knock him out?!


As he should.


Ugh. That's okay. It was for visual anyway.


(Regis Philbin imitation) Would you like to phone a WotC friend?


And I ask him--


Wait, 4 dead bodies? Wait -


I'm fine.


No, I'm good. I'm good. Okay, okay.


Up. Go up.


Wait, didn't you get Sentinel on it?


That's one hit?


K'Varn's a beholder.


Fuck. I'll run off after her.


Okay. 20.


Like bleeding out oil.


Hammock bed.


You can leave them anytime, and we'll kick their ass so you can come back.


Halt. Wait. Stop.


Yeah, but we'll be right behind you.


And we're probably going to need to speak to your lady lord.


Thanks. Tell them about your neck, ma.


No, I'll be okay below. But Beauregard?


Would anybody like to tinker? I mean, I learned this when I was 12. (all laugh)


You know what else we should do?


It's barely been a minute of real time.


That is weird!


I think we do. Maybe he talks to us. I try and catch his attention.


I don't know if this is going to hit me, but I'm going to risk going this way away from it up onto the gray stone.


We're friends! (choking)


You want to help me butcher that manticore head?


In which the phrase, "I have many enchantments upon my home," led me to believe there's probably--


No, where you make real versions of yourself that you get to hang out with!


Answer, bitches.


(plays note on flute) (laughter)


I'm stunned!


I mean, you're a farmer, right? You handle food.


The hastily smushed-together plan.


It's known as a lemon party. (all laugh)


No, look, his hands were on that side of the counter the whole time.


We're still investigating these guys and stuff.


So his tail's poisoned?


And I point in the direction and have her keep following it.


Pop-Pop Wilhand!


They. Will.


Do you eat meat?


I wish Laura hadn't quit.


A guard looking at me.


I’m going to Hex that "robit."


Yeah, Kiri's proud of you, too.


Oh, a hundred percent.


Oh! Then I do hide. I attempt to hide. That's really good. That is a 25. But before I hide, I do yell: Touch the globe! Touch the sphere!


(laughing) Yeah, you're not grappled.


We already rested, though?


I keep doing it.


Can I take half the keys and give them to Amelia and say, love, would you go and let out the kind gentleman with the reddish beard and the little blood on his mouth named Abjurist, would you try these keys and see if his cell will open? Not yet for Mr. Blackfoot across the way.


No, this has been wonderful.


Maybe. It's an awfully suspicious trail marker. If it was a trail marker, you usually stack three stones, make it look very intentional. Have you ever seen a painting where someone tries to paint stars, but the stars don't look right, because they're the wrong kind of random? That's the wrong kind of random.


Start something.


No, no, no, you're zero now. Now it's just death saving throws.


Blue dragon scales.


You're going to use it now?


None of us were nearby when he was saying all of that.


Give me a third one.


Right now, me and ghost in my mind are doing that scene from Ghost with the pottery.


Do you know what he sang?


To Darktow?


Or are you like a zombie, straight, straight away up and at 'em?


He's a wet walker.


Then attack!


Can I give it a once-over?


We don't have the bonus hit points, either, do we?


Coldstone?


Find the lodestone. I did tell you to find the lodestone.


You're suggesting that I, Scanlan Shorthalt, bequeath my employee Chod to this gentleman here? You mean me, Taryon Darrington? You mean Chod could join my brigade? Well, yes. I guess that's what they're talking about. Well, I don't see why not. He's very capable and strong. Yes, and I won't have much use for him for a while, so if you'd like to take him with your brigade, you can. Well, I'm not going to say no to a fellow member of Vox Machina now, am I? No, you're not. No, I'm not.


Yeah. Yeah. Anywho. We're down a few servants, we should probably get some more guards. Hey, Shayne, do you have anyone you'd recommend?


You weren't even writing it down.


Asked you to do anything? It's so strange.


Oh wait! Plus the blazing bowstring, another two fire damage.


I'm so glad that's available on the BBC.


Cassandra, is there any reason why they'd want to sacrifice you in particular?


Use your skill.


I promise not to do that too often. I just scritch, for a long time.


I'm staring at this milk that I ordered and it's really disgusting. And I--


Maybe you can do an interpretive dance there as well?


Well, excited to see what unfolds. Shall we?


I had a thought, but it was a bad thought. I'm really glad I didn't have to go with that bad thought.


I also have-- wait, is Scanlan back? (sniffs) Do I smell poo?


If it burrows in the ground, it can't break out of the box, right?


(slow-mo voice) This-- put--


Plus your rage damage.


You guilted her up to another level.


Do what?


Pepperbox range is 150, but the Bad News range is disgusting.


Do you have any healing bonus actions?


I saw her face. It's fucking weird.


How about-- I'll give him a level three potion and you go heal Scanlan.


Since it's water, do they have disadvantage?


I think they already knew we were here.


I fisted it.


We need to dispel this shit.


Can I perception check around the cave?


Was this recently? When would I have written--


Was that Divine--?


I took out the barbarian, guys.


And that's when I came back to see you guys. (all laugh)


How many is in a pack?


Yeah, he was all like, "I'm mysterious."


What kind of magic do you specialize in, Mr. Caleb?


Okay. And this is--


His partner's still long-gone.


If we could perhaps put some Light spells on the back and the front of our shields, so that we are guarded from it.


I'm done. None.


Pizza the Hutt.


Of course you can borrow my hat.


It's good to see you, too.


Oh, just the one string of them. Four or five.


That's me. Where's the temple of the Raven Queen?


It's that big headdress. It's getting in the way. Yeah, restart it. Sometimes that what's you got to do with Nefertitis.


We're going to find something that's already on the continent.


Semen stains. (laughter)


I think I saw it, if I recall.


Can we not be family? Can we, like, redact that?


Just keep yanking that out.


Oh, no, I'm on break. One on the house?


Anybody who wants in.


God damn it, Wheaton. Here.


100% for sure.


Yeah I grab the scroll case--


15 points of fire damage.


Ah! Eight damage.


21. Sorry, 20. Yeah, 21.


That's preposterous, he says.


(whispering) The Frozen Depths.


I'm sorry, I did not catch all of the meeting that you went to the other night. Are they paying anything? Are we doing this for altruistic reasons?


I would like so much of whatever you have, please, thank you.


The small grate that we couldn't get open, so he's on the other side.


Okay. I am going to cast a 7th-level Plane Shift to help smush it closed.


Nott, you're staying there?


Third is a 14.


And you have so much good advice.


We're all going to grow facial hair for next week, right? You too?


That's mighty bold and presumptuous of you.


Maybe firbolg could hunch over and stalk around.


It's a cone. It's just going to hit us.


An excellent Christmas gift, or Critmas gift, a Wyrmwood Gaming box would be. If you use the code CritRole, you'll get free shipping. And they are lovely and fancy and they will make a nice, handsome Christmas present.


Come heal her!


I don't watch sports, but I know these names because that's when I used to watch sports, and those are cool names.


Grog, there's a spiral staircase and some snot. So we're going to keep going.


She may not be a vampire.


I could talk to these people all night long.


I take a few steps forward. Yes. This my work. A debt fulfilled after many, many years.


Take a hit of the dodec.


Wait, the Xhorhasians snuck under the mountains and attacked Felderwin?


All my stuff is probably in that prison that Percy was in. I don't have any pockets. (laughter)


A labyrinth.


The one with the two horses attached, yo. Can you see it?


I gingerly put the purse down in front of me.


Great fight!


I feel that this is a reasonable draw.


Can you guys talk to her?


And then ten minutes later--


Well, let's do some honeycomb, then.


We're all friends.


I'm going for it.


Try the north side.


With a Y? Yeenogru?


My good sir, you have a deal!


Well, we don't have to unfurl it.


I think it's Tary.


If I use, that's fine, yeah.


Okay. I'm going to take the bed, and I'm going to take my full massage and otherwise.


Aah, I still get burned!


Zahra is great, as well.


The deliverance of the death? The method chosen?


Who do we talk to? Do we talk to the gnome or the dwarf?


Can I get right behind him and cast Greater Restoration on him?


I don't know. This seems like she was interested in something other than his money.


What did I say? What do you mean?


All right, give me that one scroll, the fire scroll. I could sell it and get something else.


Oh you are very skilled.


I just felt like I needed a finale to that. Oh, GM Tips!


Can I run over there? I'd have to run through the acid?


We're staying together.


He probably can concentrate on more than one thing.


It's a weird feeling?


Here, have a laser pointer.


I got spice in my nose.


I don't have one!


Wilhelm scream!


I'm with Scanlan. I say we just go.


Yeah. Plus 14 is... 26? 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, plus Hunter's Mark for both.


And then I make my mirror images be like-- I guess they're doing that because I'm doing that because they're my mirror images.


We should probably get back and put the thing in this box, though.


Nice. I'm putting that down.


Why is it going up there?


You guys, the door is exploding! Move! This way! I race across the street to them with the bloodaxe in my hands.


Yeah, I'll use a bonus action, gah, do I heal or do I inspire? What's more helpful here? I will heal Percy a little bit. I can only cast Healing Word at level one as a bonus action, right?


I just got a text alert. They just revoked his Emmy. (laughter)


Yeah, cause we all do Avengers Assemble. On Disney XD.


Larkin.


Amber, yeah.


Ask around, find my way there. All right, so I walk up straight, looking like me.


Please, I insist. I must give you something for your troubles.


Scanlan, where are you sleeping tonight?


Well, let's keep moving, then.


I'm going to eat one of those animals. (laughter)


Different-looking peasants.


Wow, of all the things to roll.


I can use it twice. I haven't used it yet.


Ooh. I would definitely not ever say that to her.


Is it a bear, or is it fat Percy?


This word in Dwarvish means "gentry".


24, 29, 36. 38 points on the first one. Last reckless. Natural 20.


All right. Constitution.


Four silver.


I'm going to mull it over in my sleep, good night.


An hour?!


Yeah, in case something shows up in the water and then I can--


Grit farm. Do it.


I'll take one.


Lasts for an hour, though, so it’s okay.


There are many ways to help people in need.


This story will be great if we could see the carpet, I think.


The cheese is old and moldy.


It's not me, it's the dead body.


This might be a good place to leave the letter.


It's my favorite.


Because it flies?


20, 24, and 36.


Ooh, you're like The Gentleman.


We're going east, but we meet to the west when we're finished.


She's up north.


We'll get in the boat and we'll start heading there.


I trust you, too. I love you.


Also, I'm wondering if she seems straightforward. Is the nervousness an act?


Ooh! Pretty flashy.


Double the size, ja.


Is he as warm and welcoming and nice as you are?


You'll be fine.


So my turn is done.


You can't tell me what I can do, Matthew.


I will go with you, if you want. If you want us to ask this--


Can we reopen it?


I don't know. I was standing in front of the ship, and I had a vision of home. Then I woke up, and then the lightning struck. When it came down, it was the creature.


You lied?


Yeah, watching you make fucking blondies. All right, this channel's boring.


Okay. Let me find it.


Anticipation.


I promise you, we're going to kill something very soon.


I'm gonna squish in next to him and put my arm around with an ale and say, I don't know why I am suddenly taking a shine to you when I felt like I hated you a couple hours ago. Just stick with us. You don't have to know-- I hear everything you're saying. You're an asshole, and I love you, but you really are an asshole. I'm just talking to the guy. I have taken a shine to you, and I'm gonna look out for you, all right? The first time I got attacked I was a fucking mess. I'm still a fucking mess. That's the thing, people are writing stories about us, we're a bunch of fucking shitheads, and nobody talks about that-- maybe a few people do.


No, that's okay. I'm actually really warm right now, I don't need anything.


I guess I stay behind with Fjord. We talk about the crazy shit we just heard.


Yeah, imagine not.


I send Frumpkin to follow.


Yeah? Just an action?


Poop-mist!


Yeah, let's go, plenty of time.


New plan. All right, we can't decide if we should leave him, or take the thing, or take the thing but leave him, or kill him, or-- why don't we take both him and the thing?


Then I (snaps fingers). And then he's on my shoulder.


To a better tomorrow!


Remember how I was like, this is the worst situation to be in?


Cover and ambush?


Plus, do you know there's a theater here?


I encourage violence. (laughter)


I'm all alone. I'm going to try and blink, then.


No, leave it alone. Stop.


I’m sorry.


So take a little--


She could die tonight.


He's all like this.


Was that-- I thought it was Jester's healing.


You could come with us.


That's just not cool.


All that inspiration.


It's gonna be like 20 or something like that.


Have you stumbled upon the island of the Vesrah? The Ashari people of this ocean?


Drop a deuce in the bedroom!


It's me! Scan-man! Can I come in? I Dimension Door into the room.


I think somebody's got a carpet ride down the hill coming to them.


I had to think a little bit about it, but no.


You don't eat boar?


I have a 6th-level spell called Teleportation via Plants, where as long as I've seen the tree before, we can walk through the tree.


Make the door, make the door at the back of the camp. And that way, we can run them out the back of the tents.


Kiri, you're four years old?


You can't sense anybody in the mansion.


Is there a house nearby?


Teach me of your ways.


Richard Dreyfuss in Jaws.


Doors.


Yeah, go find out, that's why we're here, man.


It's a pleasure to meet you.


So it's 34 points of damage.


I've been organizing my dice while you guys were talking and so now I'm set. In the store, we have things available for you to buy. And--


Look at that forehead. That's like an F5 tornado rolling in.


He's got a point.


We're going to have to ditch this wagon anyway because we've got tracks.


Which means we're going to have to pass right back through The Gentleman's place. It's not like we're going to be able to lie.


Okay, but this is pertaining to dragons. He is one of my favored enemies, so I have additional bonuses to tracking him and insight against him. Favored enemies!


(gasps) Somebody boobytrapped Doty. Can you scry on Taryon? Scry on Taryon.


With double speed I can get there, yeah?


We may want to stock up on potions and stuff before we leave.


Where we're leaving off, are we going to come back? Because it's the end of the day, are we going to come back at the end of the day or are we going to come back next morning?


I see, how tall is that?


I actually think that's a pretty good time to start winding this down.


Oh my gosh, all that crazy merch that we have! We have those posters, you guys, those amazing David Mack posters that look so pretty. The signed versions are going to be in the store for one more week, and the non-signed version is going to be in the store for two more weeks! And that's it, and then they're gone forever. So tell your friends, tell your buddies, tell everyone you know.


(whispers) Where's my Doty stats--


Okay, I want 5.1; start here and make it all the way down.


Is our group going to be all about puns and that stuff?


What's your idea?


This is, this is--


Half-damage. That's right.


The mean guy he took it off.


Turns, winks, and walks out of the room.


You could still Mage Hand the tar between the bars, right?


(frustrated noise) Six. No, five.


All right! So I'll sing to inspire her. "Scry, scry, Miss Keyleth, scry, put your eyeballs to the K'Varn and tell us why." All right, no, that's it.


Still hits. Because that only gets me up to 19.


We follow Vax.


That could have easily been a blank piece of paper.


I think that that's likely.


(singing)


Yes, which gives you 12 hit points. And then I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Grasping Vine, and I'm going to take the vine and I'm going to wrap it around--


Yay! Find all the shit!


I know Sylvan, Common, Gnome, Draconic, Undercommon.


Should have left in the middle of the goddamn night.


I'm going to get a little closer.


Oh it'll go. Here, let me get-- Over on this side, you can manage your levels.


Oh, wait a minute, no. You make this call. If a pillar is prevented from reaching its full height because of a ceiling or other obstacle, a creature on the pillar takes 66 bludgeoning damage and is restrained, pinched between the pillar and obstacle. The restrained creature can use an action to make a strength or dexterity check against the spell save DC. On a success they are no longer restrained, and must either move off the pole, or fall off of it. So they still, it still happens, but they're not pinned by it. Got you, okay. So go ahead and roll damage for all of them.


Perhaps, I think, may I?


You're not controlled anymore! [break]


Look for traps in the room.


Do you want to knock?


Well, you know. Live longer. She said all that meat was probably bad for me, so it's all salads now.


Reduced to seven?


Because I was there to witness it.


Ooh, wow. Athletics. Oh, that's just a straight 18.


Aw, we forgot Marius!


Yeah, well. I like pretending. Pretending's great. Who cares where anybody came from?


This aging thing, is it permanent forever?


We need the-- (sigh) we need the fucking lodestone.


D-Roll's pretty good.


Let's not do that. I'm going to drop Hunger of Hadar and I'm going to send two Eldritch Blasts at both of the bodyguards.


But now he's in love.


So take a conk on the head!


I know how The Mighty Nein works.


Shaun's still in the city?


Okay. I send a message to Yasha. Hello, Yasha. I'm really sorry that the last time we left, it was really hard for all of us, but we wanted to let you know that we are probably--


How do you feel?


Yaas, yuan-ti! [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme]


Yes, I know. It lives, for now. I was holding my action; I could blast the bear with my wand. She wouldn't even know where I was coming from.


Is there anything else you can tell me about her?


We're sitting on the titan now?


Uh-huh. Jester-- I forgot what I was going to say.


Don't run in willy-nilly.


We ordered coffee? We're still waiting on coffee? Is there going to be a desert? Was there a desert menu? Can I get a container? Eggs never keep, anyway.


I think it's a great idea worth exploring.


Well, would a 1 be bad? (laughter)


(chuckles) In your tongue? D-A-T-U-R-A-I.


She's your treasurer?


No! Now! Where does he live now?


It's a boot, it's probably made for multiple uses.


I got a shithole magnet.


Laura Bailey. Two points.


What does that mean, "of course you do?"


I'll grab on as well. Why not.


Wake his ass up.


Oh! What is that? What does that do? What is that?


Oh, fuck a duck!


Yeah, we're not trying try to ditch them. I'm just saying. It wasn't an announced thing.


So I've got this little deck of cards and every time someone pulls from it, great shit happens.


I know, right? Yeah. I miss it, too.


Are there invisible cages on the carts?


Well, bullshit all the way around. Then I just swim desperately, doggy paddle towards the portal.


Back to the belt.


So wait. (valley girl voice) Would the shops here be better to buy a dress than the shops in Westruun?


Yeah. Different guy.


We're going to jump in the chat.


I use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like whispers of Infernal all around them.


Oh, wow. Well, I don't know if that's what it means.


This feels a fair deal to me, and it means that we can leave knowing that the city will, in fact, still have a populace while we're gone.


Now I'm curious if there's dwarven coffee.


Wait, J'mon?


Okay. Come in. Come inside. Listen.


Yeah, can I try? Can I try too?


Is it just like this now? Like the ziggurat in Whitestone?


That is so baller. Oh my god.


I look at Tiberius and I go, I did magic!


Thor's a god.


(as Jester) You're always little to me.


20-foot radius would--


Count Dooku.


It looks like a fruit basket.


Who would want to go down?


You're so tough, but everybody here likes you.


But wait, maybe if we sell out the shirts we can go another half-hour or something.


In Whitestone.


Caleb, I don't--


That's 14, so not only does it do no damage, I actually take it and catch.


It kind of tastes like if you took a bunch of rusty nails and then shoved them in your thumb and then sucked on that for a while.


I am so appreciative of all of you, and I will repay this debt, I promise you. I will make you guest-stars in one chapter of my book, and it will be top three most epic chapters.


He's rich; he had a servant who appeared out of nowhere. All of a sudden he had fuckin' dope-ass threads.


I have passed out money lately, before, I think.


Much obliged. I head out.


I'm going to try something fancy. I'm going to tap my new fancy sword, and I'm going to, like a Pepper's ghost effect, fade out and disappear, and move right into what would be-- get some advantage on the one that Beau's been hitting.


Keyleth has been weaving flowers in, and I have been knotting braids. Started at the head, and then worked all the way down Trinket's back and down the tail. The entire time. Feverishly.


That's a lot of rolling right now, Matthew.


Grog--


I'll stay downstairs and do some people-watching. Call it character study.


Hello, New York! [cheering] Wow! I would ask how everyone's doing, but I can already tell. [cheering] Who's ready to get turnt up tonight? [cheering] You know, I talked to Taliesin a couple weeks ago and I said, "How in the world do we top what you did for me for Gen Con?" He said, "I have five words for you, Brian. The Goth of Wall Street." [laughter and cheering] Well, we have a great show planned for you guys. I am really interested to see how this is going to go. Given the last few episodes, I'm sure you are. I have a couple of bad cop announcements, it's what I get paid to do. Up first, and you know, we're all really waiting to see what Sam's going to do, am I right? [cheering] (sighs) Hide your kids, hide your wives. First of all, feel free to engage along with the show tonight. Some of the ways you can engage along with the show is clapping, which you seem to do very well, wonderful. [applause] You can definitely cheer. [cheering] This one's going to be hard, you can cry. [fake crying] That sounds good. Sounds genuine. The one thing that we do ask that you refrain from during the live shows is shouting out any rules, suggestions, things like that. "Use Feather Fall!" Shit like that's not going to fly. "You have two spell slots left!" Nobody cares what you have to say. Especially no jokes that you think are going to either get a reaction from the cast or from the rest of the audience. Take it from someone who knows, sometimes you think you have a great joke and it's a fucking terrible one. At Gen Con this year, some people decided to rebel against the rules and nothing made me happier than hearing someone yell out a joke and it bombing. I was up in the balcony leaning down going, "Welcome to my Tuesday night, every week." I guarantee you guys Matt and the cast are going to put on a fantastic show for you tonight. [cheering] Yep. Despite the fact it will not contain any of your bad jokes. Up next: we will be broadcasting at an hour delay tonight, so there is an extremely strict no spoiler policy in the house tonight. After Sam comes out and sits down, there's really no need for you guys to have your phones out tonight. Please do not spoil it for all of our Critters watching literally around the world. Don't get on Twitter, don't get on Tumblr, don't get into Twitch chat and say shit, don't be a dick. Please, please, please. Ultimately, there's more of them than there are of us, so we got to be careful, if you know what I'm saying. I don't want people coming after us. Okay, if you're at New York Comic Con this weekend, please check out our schedule at CritRole.com. We're going to be busy. How many people are going to Comic Con? [cheering] Wow. That's going to be awesome. Let's see. Oh yeah, introduce the cast, okay. Without further ado, I would like to introduce the cast of Critical Role. [Critical Role theme] Travis Willingham! [cheering] Marisha Ray! [applause] Taliesin Jaffe! [applause] Ashley Johnson! [applause] Sam Riegel! [applause] Liam O'Brien! [cheering] Motherfucking Laura Bailey! [cheering] Ladies and gentlemen, on your feet for Mr. Matthew Mercer! [applause] [cheering]


I'm going to stand at the entrance of the tunnel and guard Scanlan.


Yeah, well, it's going to be a double feature. There will be a finale to the comic strip of the Winter's Crest festival, so keep checking the Geek and Sundry website because I believe it's going to go up on Christmas Eve, actually. So yeah, check it out.


Athletics or acrobatics?


Can I get some healing? Will you use some of that positive energy on me?


You can fly?


All those dice that you could check before the game. You could roll them.


That's great.


Question, because the spell that I cast only lasts ten minutes, somewhere around the eight or nine minute mark, do I see-- You said it was on the other side of the rock slide, so are they uncovering anything before the spell is gone?


I thought he was working off his debt. I thought he was-- right?


How much money did you take when you left?


Like some unmotivated Spider-Man.


Oh my god, we've started this.


Wow, guys. Wow.


I look at my arms, I look at him, I spit blood into the sand, and I say, well, well. Where have I seen this happen before? Time's up. And I run forward and in a massive arcing uppercut, I drive my fist under his jaw with everything I have.


Then I will--


Was it within the last month? Then you have to tell me who it is.


I'm just saying, if you're run out of one place for doing something, I imagine--


I made it around the corner, and the two devils that seemed to be very interested in you, Vax, cornered me-- (nervous laugh)


Everybody's staying!


I have all this stuff in this bag I never opened.


Ooh, that's better. That's a natural 13.


Yeah, I got it. I'm all good.


First one misses, it's a 13. 24. And a 15.


You said thank you, he said excuse me, he's saying good morning. I said see you later, see you next time, ta-ta.


Why don't you want to sell beautiful things?


Okay. That’s fine. I'm going to try something weird, hold on. Since that's not going to work, can I take Enthrall? I'm going to take Enthrall. I'm going to try and use Enthrall.


I think somebody might have taken it from you.


We're waiting there. They followed her down; I'm waiting on Cassandra.


Then one more. That's ten.


This is, like, sunup, right?


Your foot.


No, it's a person firing.


Yeah, I'll come up the stairs so I can get a line of sight on any of those motherfucks.


It's okay, buddy. It's okay.


Oh, yeah! Jester, please, both of you, yeah. Just to get a rendition of the ceiling in relation to the ground.


And they never come back.


Build a dam. Sorry.


I’m in trouble, Matt. She’s really mad.


Somebody that was in the castle did this? In my house?


Completely worthless. It's awful cold--


We should buy that box?


Yes, DM. I think we send Jester.


He's kind of the worst.


To come help us kill a dragon. So that.


I have lots of faith.


The CEO of this tree.


Little strange.


Oh, Kiri! I'm going to find you. Say "warmer" or "colder," and I start walking around the room. Warmer?


How many hit points does a killer whale have?


Well, I take your word for it, that it's there. I don't need to go poking about.


Well, her head's a little bigger than mine.


Nope, straight.


You look so thin!


As far to the other side of this penis as we can get, yeah.


Is Yasha--


There's a lot of things that can do this, actually, to be fair.


Perfect. I'm going to let you deal with this other end of things, because I'm going to sit and read.


Great. Going to try it again. Beauregard, we're going to need a distraction to get out of here!


Look at Keyleth's arm.


That's not bad. We could misty from Draconia.


I would like to rage, and not only rage, I would like to go into a frenzied rage.


(whispers) This is what she really looks like.


We have a couple hours. We need to talk to people. We need to find out where this meeting's being held, if it's being held downstairs or if it's being held in the battle room.


Because I rolled a shitty stealth, that's why. Oh no.


I'd like to use acrobatics to ignore the rope and use the sides of this little tunnel to do that going up.


20 to 15? For the love of god?


It is definitely your mouth. That's Travis's beard.


Oh, hi guys!


I'm going to squat down over with you, privately. I still think that this is a bad idea, but I can tell that you want to.


Yeah, go!


In Hawaii, the longsword is a finesse weapon.


These skeletons are almost as old as you, Scanlan.


I wield this staff.


That's actually way more organized than I thought it would be.


Aberrations, celestials, dragons, elementals, fey, fiends and undead.


Who the fuck are you? You piece of shit!


Good point.


That is as contract-y as contract gets.


Your majesty, I know well the betrayal you feel, and I urge caution.


Straight roll.


I'm going to be healing everybody. It's a thing that I--


I'm going to run directly at the creature right there. On the way, I'm going to use my bonus action to start one of my scimitars. I think I get two attacks with that scimitar, then.


That sounds fine with me.


They are a very strange one. If you are feeling gassy, they take away the cramps you feel. You have to wear them. It's extraneous, it's too much.


That's us.


It's a fucking lion with wings!


Yes. And that it rhymes.


Safe at two. No one can touch me.


Throw my dagger at the ceiling. Travel with it.


Disadvantage.


I think this might come in handy. It's a wild idea. I don't know. I'm trying to think of surprising her with something.


Not that I'm-- Well, no. That's fair, sure. Well, it was worth it every time.


Yeah, I'll take care of it real quick.


That symbol is not the de Rolo family seal, is it? It's modified.


All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go.


Just like his dreams.


(whispers) I know, but I'm just trying to give you a hard time. (all laugh)


Wow, okay.


What check was it?


The debate rages on. Sorry. Five plus four which is nine plus another four which is 13?


I just don't think we can go this way. (belches)


And I can do it at will.


(flustered noise)


Okay, I should qualify this, because it's not in the store yet, you guys, so don't go to the store and freak out. It just came into the office.


I've never seen anything like it.


18, 12. For the fist attack, that's 23 to hit?


Because you got stabbed with poop-teeth.


I don't know, maybe. We all did our part. We all did our part!


You gave him the die.


With the blazing bowstring.


I'm going to come up and, in the path as the ship is going by, can I do a poof of Faerie Fire in front of it? To see if I can Faerie Fire the ship?


Can I look behind myself real fast?


She's on Trinket.


Come on. Hail Mary pass, here we go.


2d6 with ice damage. That’s (counting) 17 points of damage.


So you can get up and get a little height if you want and we can also--


But we could tie the rope around Trinket's waist.


Yeah, I had been arrested.


Would you say Sarenrae's attractive?


Jester's next, right?


But we have enough necklaces that we could just jump through.


Oh get on with it, fuckers! (laughter)


Keep tweeting those pick-up lines to @TorBooks. They like 'em. I do, anyway.


He's been a couple of things before. He can last. Anyway. Off you go.


Oh, we gathered again. Okay.


Well, I hope we find it, because then you'd get to figure out what to do next, and then there'll be two of us who would be wondering.


You helped me unify the world, globally.


Yeah, please do, 'cause I rolled a one. One, baby.


17 points of healing.


How's that Horn of Orcus going, by the way?


Uh, lalalala. 18.


All right, I'm going to go into the-- just the center. We had a scouting party go in and see that-- yes we did, yes we did. It was the center of town, and that's where the key people were around, milling about.


Well, we've not really tried. That doesn't mean we should just give them away.


Okay, let's go to sleep.


Is there a pin?


Hold on. Keyleth, Pike, Vex, c'mere.


I have nowhere to go.


Percy and I go downstairs to make sure the skull is still there.


Just the two of us? I actually have disadvantage on dexterity stuff because of corruption. 20 for me.


Sorad?


Stay with me on this. We are strangers in a strange land. However, we are working with Lord Greyspine to empty your mines and end the evil that is spewing forth from them. Now I know that we are a bit stupid-- (group laughs) --in a number of ways.


I will encapsulate her, or attempt to.


I think you might have to play him in a game of cards.


I'm going to flip through it. Does anything catch my eye based on what I know?


He's a new god?


Do you think it's overtaking him?


They're-- Do any of them have holy symbols or religious symbols anywhere on their person?


It's a candle bar.


What if we just wipe out the Myriad?


(Infernal voice) I whisper and then I fire.


Egypt is just so far away!


I say  Everybody that I can see, except Caleb, gets mass healing!


Sure. So you saw it as a challenge, you saw it as a mountain to climb?


Well, time to pitch a tent and make it fabulous.


Resistant to it.


Like a tiki bar!


There's a suction.


No, it was a bite or a claw.


I deal double damage against objects or structures.


I think you were like, "Oh no, the babies!" Something about babies.


Are the spells in the brain, though? Or in the body?


Yeah. I stayed with the Earth Ashari for a few months. You want to try? It's fun. It's very nice. It relaxes you. Oh, come on guys! We've got time!


I'm going to inspect it. Arcana check. 23.


Percy really wants to find treasure.


Nott, you were too.


Shit, mother bitch!


But we're on horses.


I will sing something. I don't know what. I'm so out of it. We just killed a dragon! (laughter)


Do you get advantage because he's incapacitated?


He's D-Rollin'.


How do I say 'kill'?


We should take it to the dock.


Not even for people who could help them with their name?


Keg.


It was upstairs in the--


I reach into the bag of holding and I take out a little goblet, and I pour some ale in it. And I walk over to Vax, and I go, here you go.


Like arrow and crossbow bolts and things like that, use your noggin. Or some coins and I could turn them to stone and block up the holes.


I got an idea.


I'm a little spacey, maybe? For a little bit.


But I don't have to make the decision on my own, because you're all ten feet away from me.


Are we learning skills? Group workout?


I'll regrow this plant later.


Not you? You are so good with a sword!


We've got to sleep, Keyleth.


I'm back at nine.


Nice. Fuck. 27.


I take a--


Then goodbye!


I guess I'm all right.


Yeah, I can picture it.


Oh, wait!


It's all pretty awesome.


He's in Mr. Mom. This guy right here.


My allergies are going to be shit in about five seconds. My worst nightmare.


Well, hang on, it's in the Bag of Holding right now?


Fjord, what are you doing?


We met a guy named Shakäste, he was super cool. White afro, really awesome.


No? 100 feet.


I can use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like there's ominous whispers all around.


So we'll go to the Evening Nip?


Don't move.


Forearms go (explosion noises). (laughter)


Oh wait, this is to all-- wait. Oh. It was probably addressed to me because of Geek & Sundry.


Well, let's leave them a sign. We're supposed to be sowing discontent, right? So, let's leave a sign that someone was here and fucked up their shit. Do you want me to pee on the altar?


It's my spell. It's not through the Hand Cone, I assume.


I'll take a door.


Blocks living things. They can't come in.


I'm just going to hang out and watch in.


I didn't make it far! I didn't make it far.


Those are my platforms, I can take them back anytime I want!


This is a magic carpet for the group.


Okay. We need your help. As you can see, our city has fallen to pieces by these dragons that are attacking us. And we ask that you aid us in battle somehow.


But he just goes back into the necklace.


Some men go straight on.


He'll be here.


I think you're a secret agent! I think you're on a dangerous mission- a life or death mission- to find bad guys and take them down! To get the collar and bring them in to the po-po, or something. I don't know how it works! I'm not a secret agent, you are!


I need like three of those.


Acid resistance.


It's a cantrip, so it's nothing. It's nothing fancy. I'm just gonna try and make a big meaty target appear. Just like a thing that looks like-- I'm gonna try and do like the shape of some aquatic animal? A small-- anything to try and get right in its face?


That was eight damage. Piercing damage. And then yeah, that's good, too.


Nice. Every little bit counts.


Today is your birthday, Nott?


Are we on the internet right now?


Crotchety old fuck.


What are titties?


I don't speak Celestial, so it doesn't really matter.


Wait, that's lightning. One extra lightning damage and then nine sneak attack.


Yeah, so I was going sing to him to inspire. I guess I can still try.


Double damage?


Was Trinket within range for a (chomps).


Hi, guys. Vacation Sam here. Quidd is our sponsor tonight, a fantastic new sticker app for your phone. You can check it out at bitly, that's bit.ly/crquidd. I didn't know much about the company, but Quidd sounded vaguely British, so little-known fact about me, I have access to the BBC archives at home, so I did some snooping and sure enough, I found a World War II newsreel transcript that talked about Quidd, so I thought I would do a dramatic reading of it for you right now.


Some people have sleep apnea.


Here comes the general.


Oh, you're right, absolutely, never mind then. Not a big deal. Thank you. I'm getting used to this concentration.


It's going after Jester?


We recently lost one of our friends.


Well, if I throw it back up there then I imagine you cat can knock it back down at the very least.


All right, all right, I'll take 'em.


Yeah, before I start doing another prayer, I'm going to cast Healing Word on Fjord really quickly, so.


Oh, just the bottom bits.


Shit. What questions are we asking?


It's not like your family, Grog. They're actually nice.


I am so tired of hurting people.


Maybe do some Prestidigitation where you move shit around.


Son of a bitch, we left her alive.


I don’t want to trust him.


Wyrmwood Gaming, everyone!


Did he just--


Okay. I would like to scrabble up behind it, as close to its treasure pile as I can get.


One minute. So Fight Club failed.


Okay, I'm gonna swim behind the rock-- god damn it, light-- laser, no! The other rock, sorry.


(laughs) Come on, Keyleth!


Quite a bit of practice.


26?


We don't have to go, I don't care.


That's your city?


23 to save.


Is there a-- Do they do something with this trophy, or is that--


Yeah, I'm right there. Okay.


Oh, no I'm wise.


Well I was going to--


Very open, yeah. We're like best friends.


Even for Jamedi?


That was something, now, wasn't it?


I nestle in behind Scanlan.


Matt, will you leave all this stuff for me when you go to Burning Man, so I can use it?


Bouldergut has met her love. They start making out.


I mean, we're also free.


We can kill you any second, so be scared of us, if you're an evil person.


All right, I want to roll over the side of the wall, and then just move along over by Scanlan. Between Scanlan and the giant, and just hold my attack.


As soon as I hear that, I cast Fly on myself and (whoosh).


Bolts?


Sorry. Didn't mean to sneak up on you.


When I delivered the materials to him--


Yes. The favor I would like for Gilmore is to get the Vasselheim sigil, please. But let's contact our friends at Kraghammer first.


It's like a little-- there you go.


Sure it was.


No, Grog, to get hit.


Oh, she's out.


What's a slop dolly?


Tell him we love him, and that we're okay for the time being.


We're very close-- proximity, I mean. Seems foolish not to at least go have it out with him. This is unacceptable behavior, I think, in any relationship. This is not cool, right?


Aw! Why, though? 11.


That's a lot of platinum.


Oh, god no. I bring him back in.


I think we go.


The distance on that was incredible.


That's very Wildemount, the_bowmeister.


It looks like it. I'd like to go in and get a closer look. Is everybody cool with that?


And what is that?


Oh, there's a cellar?


Should we ask how far it is?


She hasn't started yet! You guys!


You can add that to your roll. So add inspiration.


Is that triangular piece of stone raised off the floor?


Can I fly over it so that I can shoot down onto it?


Oh, wow! The reverse whisper!


That one place right next to the smut shop that had the really good doughnuts?


Yes, the shaft. That's a good way of putting it. That boom you may have heard happened to come from me, so we've got a little bit less to have to deal with. This, I really don't know what's going on.


(sings) Scanlan make you feel good!


So tune in next week for Chalk Talk with Tiberius.


I mean-- (cooing)


Yes, Percy, this is the thing. Can you build a seat on this?


I'm going to do a six damage crack just right in her gut, knock the wind out of her.


Yeah, and then I was terrified.


To lose a parent before their time is no easy thing. I'm very sorry for you.


Oh, I can use my brain for something?


Evo, you first. Pick a bowl.


It's still me. I can change my body into other things, woo!


It's definitely for when your vajayjay itches.


He wants to help. He does.


Yeah, he's been spying on us for quite some time now, little shit.


Not to be confused with WebMD.


Absolutely. I like him a lot.


(singing) Rewind!


(burbling) That's my call. (burbling) Forward deck.


Really? It's going to forget halfway there.


There's a couple of stones here that I've marked in the middle of the path. Don't step on them, please.


Just shoot the dog with an arrow and kill it.


I take out the Javelin of Lightning. I whisper the command word, which is Penelope, and I throw it in a straight line, which will hit all three of them, in a five-foot-wide line that extends 120 feet.


But I had advantage. I think we're okay.


He's thinking about all of the great stuff available at D&D Beyond.


Could I give her some guidance?


A wonderful evening.


(singing) You're down with more HP. Yeah, you know me!


Okay, so I'm outta gas.


It could also be like a fro-yo factory, I mean, that's not--


Don't worry, we still have the element of surprise. Oh wait, no, we don't.


Oh no, Grog, what did you roll?


Thank you for not dying!


Or it's free or somebody gets a new horse.


Are you saying this out loud?


Oh god, guys!


All right. Then I'm going to hang. Just going to grapple.


(laughs, counts) I need one more, where's it at? Big money, no whammies. Ooh, that's not bad. Okay, so that's 14, 15, 16, 24, 30, 32, 35, 41, 45.


(singing) Open the door on your mystery date. Caleb, you have to make a dex save.


Well I bumped up to 20.


Can I check for traps?


Zero, zero! Hundred.


High roll!


Does she have disadvantage on all checks for the next two days?


Out. MATT You are knocked prone and it's going to try and bite you. That's what it was doing on its turn.


Yeah, because you guys can see this whole thing.


For a bonus action, I would like to place a spiritual weapon at the back of his neck, since he's on the ground. And I would like it to be a very large flaming sword.


Yeah! And I'm going to shoot him. Through my-- I'm going to shoot him through my Flaming Bow.


We're not loading it ourselves?


Sneaky sneaky.


Did you pierce it? Is it ruined forever now?


Get 'em, Scanlan! (all laugh)


Yeah! Do it!


We do what we need to do to survive.


I, yeah. That hits. What is that? My, 20-- Oh no-- Fuck what I said, it's 29.


Yeah, no, we got that. So does anybody want to do anything else before we go to Daxio?


Jumping through as fast as our little gnome feet can take us.


Good day. They respond better if you say "good day" and if you have your head up.


Out of game, how long have we been gone? When did we leave Zadash? We've been gone for--


What a visual!


No, I was going to use my Ring of the Ram.


Do you like me? Check this box.


Not only is K'Varn a beholder, K'Varn has been experimenting on himself and so he has armor grafted onto him, and the horn The horn which-- I don't know.


Can I land on top of the pillar?


Then we should rob it first.


I had so much fun. Oh my gosh.


Nobody puts baby in the corner. (laughter)


They could be charmed.


I'm going to hop off the broom, activate my boots and activate my gloves, and start running through that little choke point, and I'm going to get as close to and possibly on the wall of that choke point as humanly possible. The other side of the choke point.


Stuff.


So it gets too dark and hazy past that altar.


So we can put pieces of fabric up.


Yeah, I'm going to fucking change it up. Is there a little alley that I can pop into before I head over to his place of residence?


Okay. Okay.


You can't really do this wrong.


You're not trying to burn me. You're not threatening to kill me because I'm cursed. Yeah, you all seem lovely, really. You're much better than most people I have to deal with, to be honest.


That's very astute.


I ran a half-ikithon once.


Every carpet here.


Are we sure it's him? Scanlan? Percy? Percy, are we sure?


Don't you have six miles of dragons or something? Thank you.


Oh god, are we really letting her out?


Like not a very nice person?


Molly and Fjord.


What about the far desk, behind the mimic?


I can understand this, too, and I'm going to chime in a bit. I think it's really unfair you're just putting this all on him. I think you really-- you've got to chill out a bit. I mean, you seem like a nice guy. You're really listening to this? God. I'm also, still very gently, still moving forward.


What's down there? Do you need help?


Well, I suppose we should all go to sleep and then if any of us are here in the morning, we'll set off together?


Oh, that's right. A little statue of a dog that might be magical.


How was last night, huh?


If he wanted to be found, he'd be found. His daughter's there, and maybe he is possibly smart enough to explain to her how that stone works.


13.


Any goblin corpse is a good goblin, I say. I'm fine with it. I'll just quickly spit on their bodies as they go by.


Shyster.


Master of politicians and deception.


Where are we, Master?


I attack.


Nice. Smart kids.


Well then yeah, it’s 30 feet.


Best place to be right now.


My movement.


It can just choose to succeed?!


I'm sorry about my papa. He's had such a hard time these last few years. Our crops are not performing well, and he's under a lot of pressure. And I think Mama doesn't love him anymore. I'm sorry. We can go.


Probably.


But I make it look like I landed really hard!


Let's make a decision!


Oh shit, I do the same thing, I see her do it and I grab my thing and blow out the candle, and go.


Healing potions.


I have a special set of pajamas myself, so I understand.


Super clean bones. Like, at least, two years, I'd say.


We know our way around.


Fjord just went to a dark place


Fucking dingleberry.


Oh jeez. 90 feet. Okay, so I should have a little bit of movement left, so I'm going to shoot back up, high-five my girlfriend on the way, and go as high as I can in the room.


4d4 plus six. Er. Four plus six, ten. Ten, ugh!


Yeah and that is 15. 15 points of damage.


What? No, I'm just saying, what it does, or does it just beat the shit out of people beautifully by itself?


Give Keyleth a very soft high-five, please.


It's a concentration.


Oh no, if he's magic, he's going to know.


Yeah, Shaun.


Yes, we'll need rooms for sure.


Are there any rocks about?


I'm running right now diagonally towards the wall and I press against the wall.


So it went well?


Okay. Wait. Am I doing Greater Restoration?


Is he dead? He's dead.


Oh, everybody knows it already.


Can I go ahead and cast Pass Without a Trace on the rest of us?


About ten feet up?


I have a bomb.


28 points of damage.


She might be. Okay. Now I do this.


I didn't know what the boat looked like, so if there's stuff in the bottom, I'd hide there, but if they're gone, I could also have gone up to the crow's nest. Whichever.


Everything's going to start to get a little intertwined here now.


I have a copy of the limerick in my inbox, right here.


It's a giant, hairy water yak.


Finish her off.


Well it’s only 30 feet in front of-- around me.


I'll start singing a little jaunty welcoming song. (singing) Hello, hello, we're here to pay you calling. Hello, hello I don't know what rhymes with calling.


Healthy.


I don't, but I can fake one pretty quickly if we have to.


I run out and I say  Wait! Don't kill it! I'm just kidding. It's fine.


Maybe they should.


Is the braid new? Is that a new addition?


Turn into a duergar! (cawing sounds)


Yeah, sorry, I just wanted to put that out there.


Oh my god, brilliant!


Six!


(announcer voice) Thank you for joining us for Fantasma. The park is now closed.


Okay, I'll go first.


Okay, right in front of--


It's like the scene in Monster Squad when the kid goes, "Is she a virgin?"


I have decent perception, what's yours?


Well, if I wanted to find out what went down do you know who I would talk to?


At dawn, we leave.


North we go.


I have someone fanning me the entire night.


Yeah, it's just a foot. Don't go crazy with it, Pike.


(counting) 14, and then-- oh, I don't get that that time. 14 points for the second one.


I think you might be just out of it. (cheering)


I'm going to spend a ki point and do something that I have yet to do, which is Extract Aspects.


Oh, you know I'm lying.


There's some ash. I go ahead and I do a cantrip, Gust, and start spreading out the ash.


Rose gold.


I still want to see what he's carrying.


Keyleth throws her arm around Vax and catches him up the whole way we walk. I really think you would really like Chode. He's super nice, and he likes drinking chocolate milk...


I like your displacer kitty you've got.


Plus you are handing out D&D to young kids, getting them started and hooked at a young age.


Yes, thank you for noticing. I agree with the same sentiment. And I bow in the Draconic fashion.


Oh, yeah! Arcana?


Way cheaper.


I never intended to be a monk of the Cobalt Soul. My father sent me away to the monastery when I wasn't what he wanted me to be. And I was kind of a dick. So.


(quietly) How about we take a short rest?


I did that (laughs). You're right, you haven't taken it, but that's been about 5% of my journey, all of the lessons that I've learned have been in the in-between.


Oh no. Just the one to break his concentration.


Still nine.


Dimension Door out, again!


He's committed to this bit!


I'm assuming it would be okay. We're pretty welcoming.


Poop it out?


Probably a different way we could have demonstrated that, Nott.


Does that clear your memory?


That definitely hits. That's 21.


Oh, I didn't try the door.


Okay, but what is the thing that we found?


Dear sir, have you happened upon any--


This is the guy?


Here, do you want the Hunk of Quall? Do you want to hang onto it?


Oh! No, I'm good, then. I'm good, that's exactly a 17?


We could just go straight up.


They look so cool.


All right. I'm going to Hex the one by-- in the back, sorry. I'm going to Hex him.


(shouting) What does it say?


I think we need to go on the down-low.


It might be too obvious.


Actually, she has Dispel Magic on her sword.


We are not going to start with the spell that will lead us to it?


I think we should, because as far as they know, we're dead now. They don't know we got out of there.


Wait, I can Commune with Nature and maybe figure out the tunnel system, or depending on where we are and if we think we're on that time crunch and we want to get going-- I didn't want to burn this yet. I did bring Find the Path, which is a one-day concentration spell which gets us to where we want to go as quick as possible. But I don't know. Can I do that with Thar Amphala?


What did I get? What is it?


That doesn't belong to you. That's coming out of my coffer.


Freakin' Willy Loman, man.


How many spells does he get?


Pike, do you know any sailor's knots?


We'll go up first, then I'll come back down with the carpet, I'll cast Fly on him and whoever is--


So many choices!


Grab her shoulder, move slowly past, pull Pickle along, and continue to carefully search.


See how well he can dodge. And I throw a Fireball. (explosion)


Is he just chilling?


Sicrulalium?


You're a beast. You're great.


Yeah, next to Nott.


So it was killed by civilized folks and then torn apart by this thing.


It's in your name.


We look related, then?


A new spot. Yeah, okay.


I don't know. I think I probably need air.


You're so intimidating, Caleb. Really, really--


It's so teeny.


I was really prepared for that. That's 11 points of piercing damage.


Oh! Yeah, that was a one. This, by the way--


And that gem that you had, Beauregard. The red gem.


We agree wholeheartedly. He's dragonborn, he's weird. He's a little weird. We're sorry to interrupt. I don't know, it's dinnertime, I think. I don't know if you've heard yet, it just happened. We just fought some sort of many-headed beast down at the mines, and Lord Greyspine is sending us in. So before we go, we were sent here. We were told you were the dwarf to speak to if we needed--


And I want to do that same thing.


Can I grab my earring and say what I see?


I'm going to inspire myself.


He had a point.


Can we, though?


I have a weasel! Here.


That made us all so happy.


All trees look the same, don't they?


This time around. When we fight K'Varn.


I'm not listening to any of you. (laughter)


The only way we're going to get the drop on him is if he doesn't actually know we're here.


I walk up to it and take a look.


It was?


Her parents just left her, you know?


Pike. I step away with her. (all laugh)


Is it sneak attack because Keyleth's standing right next to it?


Great, six points of damage.


Excuse me, miss. You.


Are you ready to have your eye back?


I'm sorry. We haven't spoken, but you spoke to my friends. You spoke to my sister. My sister looks very much--


It is the first time it's seen battle.


Now I'm at 23. Wait, so bonus action?


What is this blessing?


Ladies and gentlemen! Boys and girls! The first ever flaute-off? Flutist-off? Flute duel! Featuring me! Scanlan Shorthalt! And you, Kaylie...?


The other one has no guys.


Are we all on the boat, or are some people still on the carpet?


All right


Oh, it's so much worse! Pity on us, please. We are just trying to get medical help.


Yeah, what do they look like?


Just seven for me, though, and that's all I'm going to do.


We'll get Trinket and go back upstairs, wherever they are.


Fuck. Yeah.


Yeah, moon goddess shit? Yeah.


I have some dried food rations. Would you want one of those?


Oh. Six!


It's Percy's call.


Do you want to, or should I?


But they're picking the solid fruit?


So probably couldn't do it unless I have breathing underwater?


This is madness.


No, he wasn't wearing a uniform or anything.


I have a question. How many feet across?


I was wearing smaller people on my feet, so it helped.


Fluffy it is!


But that means she's got to die.


I can scry and look at a tree.


I start to smooth out her mantle, which is wiring up like a cat's.


(singing) Now I'm free, to do what I want!


Ah, you've met me, right?


I'm intimidated.


Can I hold onto Bigby? I wish to let him leave while I hold onto Bigby.


I don't make it all the way in, though, do I? It's up there.


Oh yeah? Did you write something for tonight?


We'll head home. We'll send our butler.


You look so tall.


I'm never singing in character.


So I would have to take an attack of opportunity if I decided to dash instead of disengage, right?


Cacaw!


Where did we go? What city in the Feywild did we go to?


Battle? Wait, we're going to battle?


Be helpful!


Five steps in a circle.


We love Marvel Puzzle Quest and they love that we love them. In fact, Puzzle Quest had a bunch of critters come up to their booth at Gen-con to say hi, and they wanted to thank the community for being so awesome and welcoming. The game is legitimately awesome. It is so awesome, it is so epic that me talking about it doesn't do justice. Really it needs another artform. One that is an amazing theatrical experience and expression of joy and emotion. It needs opera.


Big hole right there.


Yeah, Fitz did seem like a prick, didn't he?


Or any swimwear.


Javelin or Dust of Tracelessness, they go together. If I do one, I do the other.


And yet you've fashioned your entire life's goal upon this dream.


The place we're heading.


I didn't make any noise. I just sit down.


I will roll.


I keep smashing shithead that's in front of me!


Yeah, it did.


And I liked seeing you being bested. Regardless of the people, it's still fun seeing you being bested.


Should we say something?


I help Cassandra as best I can. I think at least once a year we get out and do something irresponsible.


We got cocky and underestimated our enemies.


I go and I snuggle, and I nuzzle him.


(singing) The Itsy Bitsy Spider.


I'm looking for incense stores.


Don't miss and hit me, babe!


Address it to me, if you do.


(singing) Purple worm! Purple worm!


Why would you make that?


Tomorrow, we go to Kraghammer, we make an animal.


I can still Plane Shift us, so I can burn one of my higher-level spells-- like an eight on the scale of zero to nine-- and be animals, and then I can save my seventh-level for Plane Shift in case of emergency.


You're doing so well. It's so great.


Are we gonna tell him the fucking name or what?


Yeah, but puppies, Nott, puppies.


Oh, that'd be great.


That's crazy!


I'm equalizing.


We whack him on the head before he starts to do the hand. Stop it!


For my second attack, I'm going to attack Percy. Can I see him?


No, I want to get something.


They are a rarity.


If there was a time to not be us, this is the moment.


All right, so that place over there, the hut.


And Vex is probably with her brother. I'll be right behind the twins. It's the twins and then me. Who wants to be behind?


I believe it's Arkhan.


Okay, I'm going to get out the rope and climbing hook that I had from earlier, and I'm going to say, Jester, catch! Oh, wait, you're super last. Okay, never mind. I'm going to rush to him and see if I can--


We come in Christmas pajamas.


I'm low to the ground so probably in the back of the calf or something. Before it falls, I'm going to turn and run into the tent. I don't even know if I hit. (screaming)


I mean, I can't move anymore, so--


Everywhere we go.


You sounded like Bob Ross as he was saying that. It's all happening nicely.


Completely outdated, immediately.


Oh wow, that's really nice! I thought it was going to be vulgar. Wow. That's so sweet.


(whispering) You've seen that? You've seen that? Those are the guys?


I mean there's that gemstone thing that he's using.


14? I'm already out.


As we've been riding, have we seen any tracks that we think might have belonged to the toad? Since it was leaping in these huge arcs.


Also, you're a common guard. I'm speaking because Tiberius would say this, and he's not here right now because he's a little stupid at the moment, but do not interfere with the businesses that we have already arranged with people who have higher authority than you. Back off.


What permission?


Was it a magical whip or just a rope?


I think that's a great idea, darling.


This is like the Grognak comic book in Fallout, is what this is.


Because I'm pretty beat up.


I think it's time.


I think I can help you. I think you can help me. I think we can do some good here.


(groans) Straight dexterity?


Have a sip of this. It'll help.


That is much better! Thank you, Pumat! That is wonderful!


Yeah. Anyway... But he's dead now, so what does it matter? We could just slowly drain it. It's like a never-ending piggy bank.


Don't. You were like, oh my cape smells bad and I was like RPing and I like, ooh. (laughter)


What was that demon guy we encountered? Does he have a name?


Yeah, I was. Did a lot of merchant sailing, previously. Had one trip that didn't go so well. Suffice it to say, after it was done, I found that sword.


Goodness.


Here's a question, nobody called dibs on the dodecahedron today. Could one of us, since nobody did?


Don't fuck me, Gil. Natural 20! Gil!


I'm very low, we'll see how this goes.


I help you, that makes it easier to help all of us.


I've been asleep face-down in the cart, it feels like. Where are we?


He's very dead. And then he rose up from the grave again and we had to kill him again. Twice. Same man.


I start to pull the silver thread around the edges of the cart.


Why don't you guys just cut it in half?


Can I lean the bone over to Vex'ahlia and be like, is this Draconic?


Wait, our friends aren't back yet. It's already night and they're not back?


Well, that will do, then!


We can't waste time.


Is it polite?


Run, run, run!


Before we go marching in there, finding an abode to live in is not going to be too difficult. We'll need food.


One to the ground. Put the other one in a goliath's hands with a harpoon or a hook on the other end. Snag our prey, and then we have a Fassbender hanging from the bottom of a dragon.


There's a lot.


Oh, it does say.


Did you know? About the girl?


Fuck, yeah.


That's good, because man, this was some bullshit.


Knocked out?


What language is it?!


V, S!


Inspiration, Inspiration!


You're swimming out into the dark? (laughter)


I'll take a couple torches.


I'm so happy! It's the best!


Mup.


Nothing fancy, attack number one  that's 26 to hit. And that's nine points of piercing damage, five points of necrotic damage, and two points of psychic damage.


That gives me, like, 50 extra attack points or something, right? I feel like something cool when someone hugs me.


You want to be right below where you were, basically?


It was the amber one. Oh shit!


And then the second one is a 27 and the third one is a 17.


I didn't think we were going to meet you so soon!


Thanks, buddy.


It has to make a wisdom saving throw, yes.


I am going to, bonus action-- down here, success, one.


Okay. That's all.


I'm assuming you told us when you got back.


And this is the point where I buy you a beer. And I put the coin down.


Okay. I'm going to rocket into the door, so I've got haste, I've got 120 feet.


Wait, wait, Tary. Do you have anything, like a spell you can make, any kind of trinket, (laughs) that would help Keyleth be better at lying?


I will pull out the wire from my spell components and try to jimmy to lock. Oh god, I don't know what to do! I'm underwater, yeah? So I still have action, so I'm going to try to open the lock.


Step all the way back. Might as well, because you can always run back there.


I'm going to duck behind something and look to see if Jester came out.


Is there, how would you do that?


I think it's dispelled?


But you're not lightning anybody's ass, not doing anything like that. You're focusing on the tower.


There's nothing I can do. I'll start walking towards the fight.


I'm going in. I'm walking into the camp.


Oh, both terrible.


I was a dragonborn paladin.


No, the carpet. We just got to get the carpet. I can go down and grab the carpet.


(whispers) I know. We need to, though.


Are we prepared now to go?


From the cavern behind us  (muffled air horn noises)


Okay. So wait, are you going to go on your mission while we go talk to the Clasp?


Let me come along if you're going shopping.


Yeah, that hits. I'll take the retaliation after, as well.


No Coke, Pepsi.


And it sounds super boss.


I can get a good look at him there.


I feel like this is going well.


I didn't do it on the last one. Let's do it! Why not? Okay. We'll do great weapon master. We'll use it on that one.


I stick my head in the door and I go hello? Is anyone home?


(singing) D&D Beyond--


We're not entirely sure what happened, but he escaped the fire plane and somehow created a coalition of chromatic dragons and they are ravaging the countryside.


Tell us a story!


Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple, named Lord and Lady Briarwood, came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun.


Is it because we're in this fucking room?


Don't worry, I shat in the hallway.


Wait, the door is open now?


As Wish.


I'm gonna use my other d10 that's not tainted, so not this one.


And you said you owed me one?


It's so difficult.


You were trapped somewhere?


One person or one limb?


Oh, that's nice of him.


Same. Same.


I walk up to one of the guys going in, and say in Draconic, have you unearthed the giant ship yet?


Be level! It's a 15.


Come on, roll big.


Give it a little number?


Oh! I'll cast Blur instead.


I said, oh mal-lard. Oh mallard.


Well, at the end, it was Hollywood.


(sings) Kill-kill-kill kill-kill-kill-kill!


Wait, stealth?


Jester! Fjord, said to contain! (shouting) Get down! I'm going to point my crossbow at her. Get down! Don't say a word!


I don't think we've seen that before.


Let's pick a dragon.


Yeah. And I'm weak.


Ooh, yeah, that's better.


I'm rolling terribly. Nine.


A level two should be sufficient. All right. Let's just take care of this. Can you tell me what happened, son?


Who's with him?


Hang on. He still has to go.


It looks really super magical.


You could roll a 20.


Grog, you smell terrible. (chuckles weakly)


She's an adult goblin woman girl, she's fine.


Can't use reactions.


Did you just burp?


Remember, dragonborn, we're good.


It was a good run, folks.


Boogie board.


Fucking Ripley!


It's water and magma.


What did she say? Did she send you back? Did she say, "oh, you're going to be undead."


Okay, okay. Before we burn everything--


Everyone, please. Yasha has to catch an express bus out of here, so we should probably get to ass-kicking.


Can I trail behind on Trinket and try to cast Conjure Barrage at the incoming skeletons?


Can't you save him? Aren't you on the other side?


That's 3d6. That's (counting) ten points of necrotic damage and I regain five hit points.


It's hard to say.


Anybody can make lights. Anybody could send a message through a wire. I want to bend reality to my will.


Scat!


Oh, so I can only get-- Can I get behind her?


We need Pike in here!


Yeah. I want to play fetch with Nugget, here at the beach.


Yeah, it just made you look real cool.


Small kilo.


Oh, so I'll-- I can't do much, because I'm far away and I don't want to kill Percy--


Sumerian, you asshole.


No, you walk in and as soon as you're in and look back where you came, you don't see what you walked through, you just see the room and everybody around it. (whispering) They can all come in, but be quiet.


That's 13.


Unfortunate. Unfortunate.


What stuff?


Shaun, you know - sorry.


21 points.


She won't. Why would she find out?


Oh, I should roll the other one first. Again, 24.


I'm going to roll Eyes of the Grave, too, just to see if anything--


Except, of course, by doing that, we've destroyed the roof of the chamber, so there will actually just be nothing but ventilation.


I'm going to use-- no. I'm going to use my action to move again, to dash.


I'm coming with her.


I rolled an 18, because I want to do an arcana check for anything I can feel from that storm.


Stubby, come up here. I have a real bad history with pushing buttons.


No touch at all, no pickle?


Are there frightening beasts? Big beasts? Magical beasts?


Hold on. Let me try it without the inspiration. Let me try.


That's cocked. That's okay. With advantage, you say?


I have javelins.


Guys. Life needs things to live. (All laugh.)


Yeah, I'm looking injured, man. I show him my eight hit points of damage.


Are these free tridents, or do they also have that cord that's attached to them?


Blood Maledict. I see it look at her and I immediately full Blood Maledict. I'm going to do the fucked up one and I'm going to take four points of damage for it. There you go. I have that moment, I look at it, and my neck bursts and I bleed out the vein.


Myrtle!


Should we light this on fire, too?


I know, should we go to a tavern and get some ale?


Hold for just a second. Captain.


29. I think that hits.


It's a little hand thing, it's got some tie things.


No more death saves. I'm going to run over to Beau; I'm going to tap her and use-- Where's my 1st-level spells? Is it Cure Wounds?


I'm way up high and I say, I don't know what's going on, but it does not look good here. (laughter)


So then, it-- they had a 20. I had a 27.


Unrealistic.


Five, but I rolled a natural one.


He said nitwit, throw the nitwit through the door.


Yeah, you will.


In the last few weeks. We believe one of our compatriots had some dealings with you, perhaps not as pleasant as the dealings we are hoping to have.


All right, we hear you. There you are!


Oh good, I rolled a one.


Oh, it's very calming, working on minis.


Where was this?


We need fighters.


Yeah, I guess he's within range, so I'm going to burn my bonus. I'm going to use my bonus to reload. I'm going to take my first three shots and I'm going to take out those three skeletons across the way.


Is the sinkhole in the direction of the city that's moving right now?


Yeah, he is so ready to use a tentacle on the hunter shark.


It was like Travis was here!


She can't?


Yeah, but it's the back end of the dagger, all right?


Okay, how far can I move up to use a Spiritual Weapon? I can't tell where I'm at. I'm sorry, I didn't wear my glasses.


Tinnitus?


Lead us to the carpet!


Ooh what-- (yelling and blowing)


Okay, good. I'm going to have him climb up on that roof and attack that other fucking gnoll that's up on that son of a bitch.


That sounds good, too.


Yeah, I'm bored. Let's go.


(whispers) Ja, okay, that's good. We have to be very quiet.


Radius is different from diameter? Okay.


What does come next?


Just to verify, because Kevdak is still raging, am I denied the surprise attack from inside here?


We're the worst people ever.


They're right on the inside.


Yeah, I don’t understand how that’s working, because we’re choosing the top three, and then the Critters get to choose between the ones that we choose.


I don't care for this.


A dex.


Any coming back? Any wounded, any--?


Okay, so I'm going to attempt to crush the Horn. With a thousand pounds of pressure.


They were homeschooled, okay?


Okay, then I'm going to run over to Fjord and cast Cure Wounds on him so he wakes up.


Sure, I'll make a dramatic flourish of it.


There's AC.


Under the Leaky Tap? And you found?


But you're grappled.


We'll have another.


Okay, I'm going to say  Stop putting foreign objects in your mouth!


Gorillas can't--


He's pretty cool. He can jump really far.


Eggs are always good in D&D.


Just a little one.


We found it.


I think, if you kill her--


Oh yes, Hunter's Mark.


Stand down, men. Are there any men standing near me?


Benny Hill?


From what we've learned, ancient beings tend to be quite powerful. We would ask that you don't slander the Darrington name. That when they stay in their estate, everyone believes they are still the Darringtons as they have always been.


I hear a chime.


Can I touch the ground, now that we're in the titan? I'm thinking maybe this might be where the Knuckles are from. Can I touch it and see if the oven mitts do anything?


Oh, are you hot right now? It's so weird.


Well, thank you. I did have really good tutors when I was growing up.


Did you have stuff in your cup, right? You don't have to fake it. You can just--


From the palace.


Yeah, no. That's a good thought.


22 with the two arrows. Nine and 13.


You could have flown.


Yeah, no, not right now, maybe next week.


All right, then I'm going to shoot a couple of arrows at him again, man.


Have you ever killed someone before?


You can't come back!


I'm okay, I'm okay!


I see a guard I recognize and I go  "Oh, I got my snake!"


We need to get some potions.


Who do I pour that potion into, you or you?


How’d it go for you two?


Why are y'all staying in another place tonight?


Okay, that's it. I'm already a dad. That's all I had to say!


A two! So that's 11. Yeah, that misses.


Seeing that they're still doing a lot of work, I'm going to start seeing if I can push some of this water out of the lake a bit.


He doesn't hate us. I just... think we've all just discovered that maybe we have a lot more secrets about ourselves than we've all ever let on.


Can I get there in one fly?


See ya, mothafuckers!


Not just tentacles, dwarf tentacles!


Yeah, what's the layout of the beach? Is it just a beach?


That's-- come on.


Jump in the water. Make sure you can get out.


I don't recall-- So, I said I would have it within a day or so, if I recall--


It's so hot outside! I'm so thirsty! I would like just a sip. I had it made because I'm an idiot. Just in case the sewer plate says "eat these and enjoy" or something.


Like a Molotov cocktail.


