Yeah, what are you looking for?


We'll sleep on it. We'll talk to Nessa in the morning.


Ooh, look at you! Oh my gosh! Wow.


Ooh! What about Kord? I'm wearing his oven mitts.


Right where it should be.


Don't you have a broom? You ain't going to be climbing much.


Oh no. That's a great 20 you can't use.


Why are we going back to get-- oh! He has more wishes! Not more cards, he has more wishes!


And we need to be the south-west, so--


He did another thing.


I hold my bag up to Caduceus-- Cad's hair. Does it match?


We saw her literally today.


(whispers) Scanlan?


That's so sexy.


A dream to some, a nightmare to others. (laughter)


You need something--


Don't group up.


We just wait or Keyleth talks. Wait.


Tiddly diddly dee! (laughter)


"Hope it's home."


I say we start the spell now in case they decide to throw away the coin purses. Unless somebody knows something that was in their purse that was of actually of value that they could recognize. I need some bacon. Does anyone have money for bacon?


But I have other abilities that I might be able to use to help! There's one in particular that I want to use against these evil people.


They can see the ground.


Okay. The first one is a 20.


Anyway, but they wanted to declare war and they're not going to until tomorrow.


The gods reward deeds, not words.


Very interesting! Where would that be?


I've lost the love of my life today. I'm allowed to be belligerent.


I'll make sure I can talk to the bats.


We totally didn't.


Pike? You know you have-- what's it called you put on me one time? That Death Ward? Should we put that on one of us before we go, just in case it's super dangerous? One of the squishier ones? Does someone want Death Ward, so if you go down--


The old plank shove.


No way. That's going to be a lot of damage.


Pike needs to do it too, right?


You know what? That's a great idea! I feel like you should hold this sword. And I hold on to the blade, but I still hand the hilt to him.


Yeah, there's a shitload of that.


Vasa.


I'm sure you're doing a lot with Sarenrae.


Oi, Craven Edge. Have you been talking to my friend Grog?


Perfect timing! Perfect timing.


Okay. How long will it take me to walk back to them?


That is 18 plus seven, 23.


(normal voice) I feel like we should spring an attack on him.


Quite the worker.


It's certainly things we've done in the past.


Oh, I don't know. Do we have a spyglass onboard this ship? Lead, anything?


Oh no. Where's my initiative?


Okay, and I will look at it and say  Whoever invented this was a very smart person. She must have been a very, very smart person indeed.


Get it Grog, get it!


That's a good name for it.


Anybody who's watching this happen.


You miss everything.


Is this a big shop?


At least you get your bear.


Oh no, why is there more than one person?


Yeah, it's two.


Yeah, a zero.


So I'm just gonna wake up on the deck of the floor of the boat.


Just the one shade, then?


Sit on it.


No, it's the only one. It's the coolest thing! I don't think I ever told you this. When I saw the character design? She's a combo of Vex and Vax.


All right, well then, I will inspire Keyleth. (singing) Can you feel the blood tonight? That's it, that's all I got. (laughs) All right. So you're inspired.


Yeah. Because the skeletons are better to deal with.


Yeah. I'll meet you up where we were.


I mean, I guess so. Once she's in, we're going to shut the door. I want to figure out what the fuck she's sneaking around for.


Oh, we'll find our way back.


I put it in the Bag of Holding before. Maybe you can train over there on those dummies, and I can just sweep up some of this sand that's around in this area right here.


It's all that fog.


Okay. Er, Hello... I am invisible. Stay as low as possible, and this will all blow over quickly, I think. That's the end of my turn.


Six. The fun buns!


Everybody stand back. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste--


I didn't really swallow the last one. It just kind of absorbed.


Two giants and a dragon, really?


The first one of the day.


I got you, boo.


So you can create a like a little lip for it to go around?


I'm 15th level or 16th level?


God, go.


That shit's going to reach out. I don't know how to stop it.


I'll stand, too.


Any threshold crest.


Why would Gilmore know?


I know, right? What was I thinking?


She can't reach you?


Just saying.


Don't do anything!


That's somehow even creepier.


You want to put a magical door 40 feet?


Tanner.


Yeah, we have a deal.


Here's the thing, though. Normally, if you try and steal something, or if you try and break the rules and you're like Keyleth and you get arrested every time, arrested ain't so bad. They don't really arrest you. They, like, open you up and use you as an appetizer.


I would love that. What animal do you think would be the best? Maybe something small?


I'm going to stay there!


Isn't this exciting?


No, it's not that bad.


Think about this.


I hug Trinket.


I walk forward and I grab Scanlan and everybody and I back everybody up ten feet.


Oh, I am dressed.


Good deal. That happened.


Whoa. Wow. Someone did a number on you.


Yeah, there's definitely something missing, right?


I said I saw food!


This was a good idea.


Are there any jutting stone things, anywhere around? It's just flat?


The same material?


Her mother is a lady of the night.


I'll take a sapphire.


Okay, so four globules of light go (popping) out of my hands and one of them hovers--


Tary. Tary. There are beds. And Keyleth goes and jumps up on a bed, and just starts jumping on them a little.


I think you're-- because the other one missed, so I think you're at--


(whispering) Oh, farther north.


Do you guys want us to create some sort of distraction while you go search the place?


Can you see if they're okay? We want to scry and check in with a few places.


Uncanny Dodge.


She’s surfing on the broom.


I hail from the mountains up north.


Well wait, I can do what you're trying to do.


We'll be watching along with you guys tonight.


Jorge. Sorry.


Can we all cry if we can get the whole game tonight?


It's all of our characters, animated! We have to give some shout outs to Kamille and Kevin Areopagita for working on this. Those were the animators. Go visit at Twitter @Karekareo. We'll put it up on the thing. You can visit their Patreon, Patreon.com/kiframe. It's really cool, and it's really fast, so we thought we might play it again.


Wherever we happen to find ourselves.


I see. So it's like a cross-T intersection?


Okay, I'm just holding.


I'll get behind the cover. I'm going to peek out and I'm going to cast Blur.


Now it's my turn.


Right. We're out of combat.


I'll cast Bless--


I could do a tree.


Ooh, that's craziness.


Oh, we're okay! Hey guys, it's fine.


I like a good waterfall.


It's a fucking wraith!


It's too bad it didn't work for them.


And on a side note-- he's a little fucked up.


Vox Machina, not returning your calls since 1992.


He's jacking in.


We have a rowboat. [laughter]


And there's no sign that this is a youth's bedroom or father's bedroom? What can I glean from what I see in here?


What keeps his soul on this plane?


To Vox Machina.


Oh yeah, no, I want to watch. This looks like fun.


Yeah man, it's as good a time as any.


No. I'm not bloodthirsty. I just get hungry for food sometimes. Not for flesh. I just like meat.


Oh, it's like seven feet.


Oh. Yeah, I'll come watch you if you're going to have a fight.


That was a rough six seconds.


(gasping) Wait, wait, wait, wait.


I look down at my feet. Why didn't you ever try to take these back?


Did anybody already do a medicine check?


Thank you so much for us interrupting your morning. Is there anything you'd like from me in return?


Oh boy. I am right behind whoever's in the lead.


What? Why would you do that to us?


(incoherent background noise) Tor Books, toy boats, Tor Books.


David.


If they've blasted in the entrance, I have a feeling--


We should go. Okay. Horris, we're going to try and get you out of here.


I imagine it'll take a few days when it's done.


Fuck you, Genghis Khan!


Wait, wait! I want to check the bodies of the other guys before the--


I want to keep perception check up to make sure we don't run into another one of those fuckers.


To back the fuck off? Okay.


We can go over it. We do have a magic carpet.


It's fine. It's fine. (deep breath)


And I'm on east coast time. Okay, 24.


I'm holding my medal. Starting the spell.


Is there a tree in your garden back at Greyskull?


I know, right? I already like him because his name is Liam, but, and I also like him because he's a nerd. And I say this because he just started a Kickstarter for a card game that he developed called Monster Lab, so if you guys want to check it out, it's really really cute, it's really really fun, I think it's been going for like 15 days. They're doing really well on the Kickstarter but now they're going for stretch goals, so.


Yes. I left of my own accord.


But not to the ground?


I fly through stealthily.


I have to go to Vasselheim.


Said Katharine Hepburn.


Who is this, who is Van Diagram.


Don't stop there. She's a kleptomaniac. I can tell!


Delete that shit!


So you can cancel it if you feel like canceling it.


Hey, you're a badass, what's your deal?


Scanlan, does your house unbreak itself if Grog breaks it, you know, if it goes away, it poofs and it comes back, is all his damage there or does it--


You've seen it. It's not that big a castle, to be honest.


I can't read it.


Attack the one at Beau.


I go to the cavern under the Sun Tree and I start casting Move Earth and I start clearing it as fast as I can.


How did Delilah return?


Do I notice this?


What guard was it that ran away?


It wasn't necessary a bamf. It might have just been, in and out, get on a horse and head towards--


Rough.


Yeah, I don't think it has anything to do with the sphere; it's not like the lock or the temple that I saw before. The top of this pedestal is covered in rust?


Yet?


Yes, and as we've learned before, Scrying can alert your position.


That's not creepy at all.


Well, my mom and dad said I'm a real good speaker. They paid for a tutor? To teach me how to talk. And it's worked out really well for me in my life. So if you need an ambassador, or a butler who talks? I could do that for you.


You just forgot.


She can fly.


Can I back up? Is it going to get an attack of opportunity?


Nefertiti is still floating, is she not?


But Kima took some armor we found!


Yeah. Sounds good.


I think I still have a torch, actually.


Okay. Well, I am a tourist.


This is great!


A week without crying!


It is very pretty. Actually, I've been looking at it already. At night.


Hi. How's it going?


Do I see a commotion from here?


Full damage. Okay, so that is 15, 19. Not bad. 21 plus 12, so that's 33 radiant damage, and they are blinded.


Wait, oh, wait! One thing. I know we're going.


I love that you broke rule number one of Pictionary and labeled things!


Ah, he knows everything!


The fourth card down.


Which should be for about one more episode.


Fireball.


You don't have to do that. I can go get the carpet. I'm right there.


Northeast. I've always wanted to go there.


The drum fill at the end  there's a real drum fill, but it's also me going: Do do, do do, do do. (laughter)


And I'm gonna-- This is so stupid. I'm gonna swim back down and try to hide. I've got nothing.


How many sets were there?


Yeah, you kill them before they can retaliate.


Spend it.


Should we get some light?


Is there somewhere I could find before things close? Just to see?


Clarota.


All right, 30 on the trap.


I am eager to get my adventuring on, L.E.B., so I am eager to go.


23 points of damage.


And I reach up and I... hit it with my finger.


Leaky Tap.


Oh, it's us again?


Did you see the stuff coming off the--


And there's one that doesn't have the dragon scales, but it's just got this flourish around it, and we give it to Taryon because these are meant to be built upon, as we will build upon ours. Your accomplishments will be built upon yours as well.


No, it's the collecting.


Judges, Liam, Liam, Marisha, Liam gets two points! Travis gets two points! Marisha wins!


How heavy is that thing?


They were also trying to build that whole bridge situation? Remember the bridge? That was weird.


This is going to go on for a while, but the longer we wait indoors, the more people are going to die, and if we're killing people to try and save the masses-- which is how I'm justifying this whole thing, by the way-- I feel like we can't leave the masses to their own devices.


I have a place for these people to go. It's up on the surface.


Because I can cast and still stay invisible.


None of us can use it?


It's true love, baby.


So welcome back. Great, sounds like a fun time.


The back-blades. That's nice.


Wait. Percy?


Oh shit, no.


Oh jeez, okay. I'm not within range of it, right? Because there's a tunnel here?


An hour. So if we're ready to go?


We could go by. He seems to like us.


Oh, there's more.


What's your best-case scenario here? What did you hope would happen? You'd come and tell us these things and then what happens next?


Make a pipe bomb.


She can cast it on an object and leave it behind.


To be fair, I think we were going to rest, and we decided against it. We decided to go.


Okay, I'm going to go to trap one. Ooh, not as good. Six plus six, right? 12?


There's nothing around, right? Perception check?


What do you know about her?


He's used all of his legendary actions.


Yeah, what the fuck?


But it brought us closer together.


I'm just fucking with her, then. (laughter)


He's still got Fly on him?


It's a huge fart.


Yes, D&D Beyond, a consistent and amazing sponsor of our show, wants to let you guys know that Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes is out! Get yours right now on the D&D Beyond website. To celebrate, I called my old friend, Rhody Slater.


Get out of the way.


I thought it was the East Outer!


It is a little dicey. That's as far as I can move?


We're probably going to be dealing with some restless spirits actually, so if there's anything to deal with some of these phantasmagorical creatures, will-o'-wisps, that sort of thing.


Save that for a rainy day. We don't need to punch that ticket now.


Grog's gonna go.


Oh, it was Kalina!


Stake.


Yeah. That's the family reserve. Oh, he said we're supposed to find somewhere quiet to talk.


Okay, then I'm going to be back over to the side of Scanlan.


Beautiful map, Matt. That was amazing. [music]


Right on, Scanlan. Sorry, Percy.


Science-bro stuff. Do we have to tell you what it is?


We never divvied up that box.


Don't overthink it.


Bears are good climbers.


You don't want to tell us what you found?


(rock voice) Grog.


(vomit noise) And he's dead. Dead dead.


Hi, it's Pickle.


Flits around a lot. He's just settling down in here.


You're not going to show them the medal? Not that, no! No, not that. Please don't whip that out, no one wants to see that.


I haven't done anything other than take my new abilities.


It's its own circumstance? In that case, I'm going to spend my point for Deadeye.


I am working on a thing. I have not got it figured out yet, but I think that I could make some sort of shelter for us so that this doesn't have to happen again. I haven't worked out all the-- what?


Coming!


Was going to say, it's the full Wilson effect.


I did okay. And we're still blessed.


Eight damage. I'm going to spend a ki and do Flurry of Blows. Two unarmed strikes. Natural one.


Yeah, an I.O.U. Once we’re back from our day.


Okay, 1000 shirts sold.


I'm going to look him in the eye. Javelin goes right in the face.


Scanlan and Keyleth first.


But if you're Sharpshooter the outer range is the inner range.


(laughs) Abba music.


It's not like we're trying to hide the bodies. We're saying they turned into zombies around here. Is that stupid?


(gasps) Really?!


We could be sharks.


Plus three animals. Not one, maybe two.


The Leaky or the Song & Supper? We're talking about two different-- Leaky Tap.


Hashtag.


Sure, yeah, I'm going to do nothing but stare at that bloody ship if I don't, so sure.


Let's take a sip. But first, I was thinking about how close we've become, Vax, and I even wrote you a little inspirational song. (cheering)


I feel like we should check and see if there's 20 of them on the other side of this thing.


Then just go through the door.


It's a trauma film, no!


Probably!


So you think the face is recharging?


Okay. I'm considered blind. That's fine. There's nothing much I can do about that right now. I'm going to-- hold a Sacred Flame until I can actually see what I'm attempting to attack. Like, until I can see well enough to--


And thanks for everyone for coming out to the live show, and we'll be back again next year? I don't know.


I don't think we should stealth.


Well, I've cut a lot of people with them. Would you like to take a run at it? You could be lucky.


Well, you know, I tried to do a little stuff on the sly a little while ago and didn't work out so well.


How do I grapple as a bear?


We can do reconnaissance from where we are.


Yeah. I'm not proud.


Oh, no!


I promise you. I promise you.


But they're bigger motherfuckers, so can we do a giant eel that's got a swim speed of 40 feet?


Yeah, everyone was there.


Put some ice in it, keep it cold.


Yeah, maybe not the best place to celebrate, just putting it out there.


Where are they going to fight? Are they going to roll out people?


Are you at the double doors with me?


Is it wearing a diaper, or is its dangly bits hanging out?


How far is the Crucible from here?


Let's camp for the evening.


We asked about the Sluice.


Who's going in first?


(grunts) See, now, now, now, Craven, I'm starting to feel like I'm doubting myself. I'm seeing things-- he's talking to me.


Is that like a venti?


A door. I did Planar Binding, which technically really wasn't supposed to do what I just did--


But they're next-doorsies.


Oh my god, we're fighting the Ninja Turtles!


And you confronted your father? Did you try to find out what happened to Lawrence?


He has to say that, it doesn't work.


Pop-Pop? Pop-Pop could do it, but I don't know if he would be very--


We're trying to find out more about Greyspine. Where he might be or who his associates might be.


We should try to remove one of the stones.


We can alter the topography just a bit by taking out some of the ice and then opening it up to make hiding places.


No, we are not. We have it, we have not unveiled it.


Other haversacks?


Yeah, it was 4d6 radiant damage. So yeah, it was 18. And then I'm going to run the opposite direction away from him, but I'm going to keep my duplicate up there.


Caleb?


I yell, "Look out!" And I take several steps toward Vax.


Can we? Yes! Yes!


Constitution saving throw. 20.


No! God no! Percy!


Joy.


You could do this, some graphic design.


You know, Nott, you also have that fabulous ring. You could just walk out onto the ocean.


Yes, we are here to pay homage to Earthbreaker Groon with the latest champion of the city.


Laura reminds me that I roll with advantage so I'm at a 30.


I will not forget that.


Yeah, four pages of notes, I think you got it.


For Scanlan to go.


The Cortian League.


Oh, I said your name. Oh, they might have said your name, too.


Oh. Wha-- no. No, I'd rather have my own horse. Thank you.


Oh, 17 again!


(laughing) Smoke arm.


You look much better now, Fassbender. High-five.


Aw, fuck you! It's only a 12.


Okay. Shit. I'll approach the guy I can see burning, on fire. That's where the front door is, right? Is he in front of the front door?


Did I often see what what?


I'll give out all the gold.


I am the only one doing that.


Nothing, Oskar. Don't worry about it. (laughter)


Who has the Fassbender stats?


Negative d4.


The City of Dis?


Is that worse than a critical fail?


No dreams at all?


You say no need for a loss of life?


Yeah, there is another shoe that's gonna drop, probably, eventually.


Well, but you can walk unhindered, right? You can walk fine?


Yes, that was quite a while ago.


And Matt? Could you touch on the map where the bad man touched you? No, where the bad floorboard is?


I can't see you through your booze.


Are there any islands in the loch? Are there any islands or any sort of rocks or outcroppings, or anything within the loch itself?


All right, yeah, let's put it in the Bag of Holding. You want to Mage Hand onto my swordy, and then we shish-kabob it into the bag?


I don't know if you can cut the whole tower down. They'll probably try to stop you. Don't you think?


Vox Machina, there is an island, there are also two small caves and--


Huge collection.


That's 12 points of damage and one psychic damage. And does he make his constitution saving throw?


I can't even imagine the beauty.


Well, when we're in command, yeah.


I'm about to.


15. Thank you.


Jesus, this got dark really fast.


It really just depends on the day. 26.


Wait, wait, wait. What's happening? Don't attack him! Don't attack him!


Wait, there's a door?


What if they leave? What if they leave the city, or what if they turn us in to the dragon to save their own asses?


Ticonderoga... pencils.


We're leaving! What are you doing?!


Five plus ten.


Say hi to everybody.


Can you Wall of Stone the other side of the hallway? Just to block them from coming down that hallway again. Can you block, Wall of Stone that other side?


Those men were incredible. The Canadians.


And got a private--


Okay, yeah, tie a rope around me. And I jump back in the mud.


Well, if she's shown me everything of arcane nature.


He needs-- He's one hit point now, so he needs a potion. Do you have potions?


Just a short rest, yeah, so I can recharge my animal changes.


Are we in like an alleyway, or in the street?


Are all of Tiberius's things stone with him?


We all have our preparations to make before battle. Don't worry about mine.


And make us rise to the higher echelons of the orc order.


We need some way to keep them from coming-- going--


You are a reader?


Do we see any visual of the face of whoever is yelling that?


(As Jester) "Oh! I have a question! Is there anyone in the group you find super attractive?" (As Liam) A text from Laura.


That would also allow us a good view of it as well.


Diss!


We should really figure it out. I wonder if in the morning we can ask Gallan about it, maybe he knows one of those sound familiar.


At 3rd-level.


Oh, this is Yasha.


Four new heads?!


You are a pretty boy.


I need to see it to do anything else. All right.


If she has ten gold pieces worth of incense she can bring it back to-- nope.


Maybe it's a check.


Oh, God, I hope this works.


Aw, come on! What is that noise?


I have a great record with these guys.


This is some sort of paladin sword. It's a holy weapon of some kind.


It's just the little brains. For now.


You can't, she's chained up.


I have it, apparently. Well, what am I supposed to do with it?


What if cursed giant lands on the metal beam after we've already weakened it?


Please. You haven't told any of us anything.


I kind of want you to hold it.


40 feet down the "ziggedy zow" and like 25 feet down the "zibbidy zoo."


No! Nein! [music]


Well, get a fucking closer look.


Didn't we need to go to Uncle Randy's?


I was about 50 or 60 feet in the air and I was above him.


I definitely want to see this.


That was the weirdest coping mechanism I've ever heard of.


Yep, because we're stupid!


So we should do that, right?


And yes, we've been down there, we've argued with them, but we're talking about going down there and making an alliance, an ongoing alliance, and shit might come up, that's all I'm saying.


How much money?


And that's 11 points of damage. Now I'm going to book it towards Grog.


They can't get us over here. (laughter)


Yeah, I guess I'm gonna try to shoot at his eye.


Then I'll whisper to his waistline. The sword that Ioun was talking about, right, the Sword of Kas?


That's good. That's better!


Yes. There are individual prices for each individual object. Eyes, 900 gold each. Tongue is 1,200 gold. The heart is 3,500. Claws, 250 gold each, and teeth are 50 gold each.


Why? She could ford anything that we want-- Forge. She could forge--


What should we ask her?


No, I've been doing damage.


It's a pillow case. It's a pillow case.


-- Melanie was actually fascinating. She was eventually removed from her position for accusations of witchcraft and raising of the undead. There's actually quite a bit of interesting ghost stories if that's your sort of--


I'll use Catwoman.


Yeah, all I need.


No Mercy Percy!


TV writer and comic book writer. Could be cool.


I mean, just because we're standing here so long, I would have been nervous and again held on to this guy's big bicep and sent the cat out.


He would totally do that.


No, we said we were waiting 30 seconds and then going in.


Keyleth, fly up and cast Pass Without Trace on them.


Except it's not, because I'm about to not be anymore.


We're going to show up to the next game, all wearing them like a terrible Council of Evil.


No, plus ten.


I'm picking a lock.


It's all right, it's okay.


Okay, and there's a big cloud of poo stink around them, so--


Wait, do you really have a unicorn as part of your logo?


No worries. I didn't need to live anyway.


Means you don't have acid resistance anymore. It's a concentration spell. But none of us can see him, yeah.


I'm going to take some Advil.


You know.


On the desk as well? No, we should scatter it around so that if certain things don't get found-- is there any other good place like, in her bedside tables or anything like that?


Well, perhaps we'll partake of some beverages and discuss.


I put my hand on the other one.


Next vacation.


Mmm-hmm.


Oh. My. God. Oh my god.


And his name is Larkin. (laughter)


I have lightning coming out of my ass.


The dot?


When you were down there with her, did she try any shady shit?


Well, then we go try to help him, maybe.


Overwatch. What's that? Yeah.


We each picked fanart.


We've been doing this for 30 seconds. We're already in a fight! I was going to distract them!


Ten feet. No, that's not from very far.


It's a bad thing to have at later levels; it was better at lower levels.


He'll read our minds. He's already in our heads.


Whee! [dramatic music]


Fort party.


Lucky number seven!


A two and a one.


Oh no. The strength thing.


Yeah? What, like two days and then go fix the boat proper and come back if we have to?


He can say anything with that voice and it would sound awful.


My sister is walking around and breathing. Still.


I'm a head taller. Talk to me.


Because we're better than that.


There always is. And if all else fails, there's the sewers. You're not opposed to getting a little dirty to get out of town, are you?


We didn't think about those things. We didn't. We thought about what you meant to us. It may not feel like much, to us it feels like a bit, but now that you're here...


Oh. (laughs) Okay, is it his smelling?


He's just underwater ballet-ing, man


I'm ready to shoot anything that comes out of this door.


Question, Hosin. While we wait, do you happen to have any wine or ale? Just while we wait. It's been such a long travel.


I can attempt to Plane Shift this into another dimension.


It's-- I don't know, sometimes I can just be unnaturally convincing.


Is there is a door next to me for another room?


I run up his fat chest and I headbutt him in the face!


Did somebody see something?


But it can fire a shot, a bullet shot. I've never used it before, but it can shoot something.


Yeah, that's a DM call. It's not quite my call.


Where are you going to hide?


(yells) Cool.


All right, so that is 11. That is a 13. And I get two more, yeah? Matt? With my Crimson Rite?


I think perhaps we are the intermediaries here. Why don't you ride with me?


Then no. I would do Mage Armor, but no.


There we go. So let's see, we are at 21.


Just you two, okay.


I rush down and say, don't eat the fruit!


Yes, isn't that nice? And pleasant? And not disgusting-looking? It's a 24-hour twitch stream. There's gonna be a lot going on. There's gonna be Gather Your Party, AXYB special, there's gonna be Game the Game, and we're going to--


The thought did occur to me, yes, but there are big differences.


Maybe. Not that hard, though.


I think we should go as Draconians.


Are we taking ten minutes, or are we just moving on now?


Well, you can't marry that bitch.


Yeah, not LePual.


I was a part of a Buffy the Vampire Slayer tabletop RPG for a while. Yeah, it's actually quite fun. I was a pyromancer.


And then if she rejects both of them, we all win.


Well, you see, you have to go through me, because I'm her booker. That's actually a conversation that me and you and the rest of The Mighty Nein can have.


Sorry, Perce.


It is full of good stuff, but something I noticed that we haven't announced is that the rings that we had forever ago.


Cut your losses.


Oh, my gosh, for a cat? I mean, it's a 13 plus I don't know what.


I do live here.


I think he's adorable, and it would be really nice to have him along.


It's so beautiful.


Yeah, of course go for the brain. I'm gonna hang brain. I'm gonna run over--


You've already go the bag of holding.


Yes. Quite charming.


Still alive?


First place, for how fucked-up we are.


2d8. Can I use my Great Weapon to reroll my one, here?


I covered that.


Oh, look! Look at all these.


I'm not even going to dignify that.


So I will know if you're not looking at your flashcards every night. (all laugh)


She said Orly, you didn't confirm it!


I would like to climb.


Can I get next to Grog? Can I get near Grog? Can I get at an angle where I won't hit Grog with lightning?


Together probably is better.


I do have movement. As a bonus action, I can disengage.


I missed something.


I didn’t do my homework.


Can they see it? Because it's only if you're within ten feet of the person.


It went away.


Do my thing.


(shrieks)


Sic him! (laughter)


Actually, on the Pillow Trove  you know, sometimes people don't quite know the services we do for the city. Sure would help if we had some sort of slip or badge that would allow us to move more freely, you know?


It was wings, Hunter's Mark, chancing a hit as I fly down the hall away from him.


This is why we're the cool table.


I guess we could go ahead and head to the Water Ashari. It should be fairly calm.


I have some potions.


Fart the son and the vampires, they're done-- father and son.


Zero. Or ten?


Tell Viscon we have visitors. I wrote that in quotes.


Marisha, you yay'ed, good for you!


Let's see. Thunderwave?


It's good to have a good night's sleep, though.


Yeah, but what if they all spring up. We could just set them on fire.


The bard is just now figuring this out?


Ah. Six seconds can go quick.


Good night!


So Descent-y, you guys!


The Hut of Wodenna, right.


This is the second time you've been arrested!


TPK. TPK.


It's got to be a fey. Oh, it only has a challenge rating of one?


Look, Odell went to Vecna because his wife left him because she's like, "Oh, you're not very powerful." And he's like, "I will find and show you power." So you went to Vecna and you gouged your eye out. But then your depth perception is off now. So then you're like, "I'm going to work my way up through the ranks."


It's more than a thank you. I feel that you have to be free, so that you can finally pay your debt.


Okay. I'm going to try to hit him a couple times.


Okay. This is balls, y'all.


I as quietly as possible put another five gold in front of him.


AoE? Surprise round? What are you talking about?


Okay. (singing) Just take a look, it's in a book, the Scanlan rainbow. I can read anything.


Wait, what did you see, Keyleth?


He's surrounded by baddies.


We are nasty enough that if we have to put this thing down, we put this thing down.


This is what people do.


Sam's just judging.


Who's the death knight?


I think we're in the lungs. I think we're in its chest cavity.


Yeah, let's go to the Feywild! We at least know that place.


Remind me what's in Hupperdook?


Saving throw? Okay.


Archivist.


Pretty ragey, yeah.


Can I hold my turn until Fjord goes?


Well, hey, (stutters) I just-- I didn't think that was going to happen so fast, to be honest.


Oh, I should ask you, is that like the big inn, the big place?


You flying fuck. You flying fuck!


You could repair things for small change on the side.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds, but because she's unconscious she gets all the hit points back, not just-- [cheering]


I jump in.


A check?


He didn't give me the glove? I just have him?


What are the options?


I am really good at finding holes.


So. All my actual clothes are off. I'm going to take the book and set it on the edge of the basin.


Can I look around the room?


It's a big month for birthdays, I'm a little worried about the next episode or two, if we're going to survive or not, so the gift that I have I want to make sure you have it now, just in case. It's very timely. Ryan, if you please.


As elementals I was like  Run! Jump! Oh shit!


Careful. Oh no no no no! Don't roll! Don't roll! (all shout)


Oh! So I can breathe some water. All right, cool.


You want me to come, too?


You are the best jump scare.


That would be better.


Yeah, I like, I like the latter. Malaise of fear.


Bigby's Hand, level five. Lift me up, inspire Grog. That's it.


So we go south?


We spent six days in that Happy Fun Ball.


This is a reverse ad for Fight Club Five.


It's the craziest thing!


I will receive your trust.


I don't want to inspire him. I want to inspire her.


Right, so you have to attune to that.


Yeah, let's put it down with that sword that we found, Mollymauk.


As a result of the--


So we're searching for the orb?


I definitely want an eyeball hanging out.


And you do have this terrible habit of liking to push problems on other people.


All right. To start, am I within striking range of him if I back up a little bit?


(as Tyriok) I shot something else off!


Yeah, we got to get down.


"It pooped into the passage."


Hi, d12. I missed you. (counting) 18 points. Lightning damage.


Like a lure?


They have all kinds!


That was the bee's knees, daddy-o! Oh snap! Hot damn!


Yes. That's very far. Yes. Thank you.


That's okay, that's pretty hot. Can you put a little marker on me so I can see it? I can't see the erinyes.


Keep it from getting away!


Yeah, big guy?


They made you a song.


With this thing again? Six.


It might be more mirrors.


You can be sent on your way to whatever asshole you think you're going to, but he can make it very uncomfortable.


You know, we didn't actually look at the other ten books.


Be here.


As I make eye-contact, I'm like, Aw, shit. Was it the blue? Was I too tall?


Do you still have that?


Zauber. Like sour.


Oh, yeah! Seeming us?


Should I roll all the attacks, or-- The attacks right now, and then roll damage afterwards?


Well, you're fucked.


Come on, Grog! Oh my god.


-- about the company itself who so kindly sponsors us and about their founder, one Ebenezer Lootacrata. Born on a silk-worm farm in Budapest in 1919, Ebenezer Lootacrata was a unique child. His siblings-- Claudrica, Piterca, Dominocos, and Bob-- would always play checkers, but Ebenezer was fascinated by the box they came in. In fact, he was obsessed with boxes. Did he wear briefs? No, boxers. He traded in his backpack for a backbox. He wouldn't eat jelly from jars. He scooped it out of a large pine jelly box. Dick-in-a-box? He invented that in 1930. And in 1937 he packed up everything that was special to him-- one shirt, one sticker, one comic book, and one toy-- placed them in a crate and set off for college. One day later, he was expelled from college because he did not own pants. But he had a vision! A revolutionary idea! Before, people had boxes and people had cool stuff, but he dared to put the cool stuff inside the boxes! He named his company "Lootacrata". In America we bastardize it as Loot Crate, but history has never been the same.


Yes. Good idea. Here.


I understand. I haven't really experienced loss of that type before. I mean. But I want to understand, and I thank you for your honesty with me and for not holding back. Did I at least cause you some harm in the battle?


Nothing that interesting, or something appallingly interesting?


Too real for me, too real.


That's all I wanted.


I'm so scared right now.


We can't open the door.


I feel like, is it bad? Do we get any kind of bad vibe, bad energy off the muck?


Do I recognize this spell?


Tary, come here.


She's trying to do that.


So keep the one on Scanlan, and I'm going to roll. I would have rolled a secondary shitty attack on him for 22.


I mean, it's chock-a-block with a lot of things, most of it probably untrue and stories to scare your children, but there is some sort of demon that is described as being fat and rotund, and it talks about-- I mean, this is too coincidental, it can't be the thing that we're-- what are the odds of something being in this book, and it's what we're chasing today? But this is describing some sort of scaled demon that feeds on people in the night, when they're sleeping, and it leaves corrupted, undead corpses behind, known as husks.


Okay then, let them live, and die in horrible pain.


Dtdtdt!


Tasteful?


And each time he takes damage?


Skype is rough, guys, it makes me feel bad for Pike.


He's really fucking old right now. Look at all those wrinkles.


That's funny, you gave me an answer, but you didn't really give me an answer.


You didn't have that, did you? You couldn't do that type of shit.


And Yasha?


Necessarily an "accomplished climber."


What do they say?


All right. First one, a natural one and an 18, yeah, so one hits.


Totally working.


I bust out the tattoo stuff that Orly's been teaching me. I'm going to give him a tat while all that's going on! (laughter)


How's her painting going?


(whispered) Oh, shit.


I just want to know which way we're sailing. Are we going left?


--blob boffers, and words?


I thought you checked for traps.


Would you want to come through with us?


Oh, wait! Wait, can I redact that? Can I redact that?


Yes, I most definitely am. I can assure you I don't stand for anything bad from the Xhorhas and I am here to help.


You've never fought?


I mean, you were really awesome in that last fight.


You own a cardboard box with a bunch of stuff.


Five or six months ago.


Well, now you have a show to watch. So now that I don't really have time to do that any more, we thought it would be fun to just do it here with all of our comic book nerds, so Amy Dallen and Matt Key and I are going to be talking comics every Wednesday from noon to two on the Twitch stream and we're going to--


I've already planned them out.


It's all pewter. Pewter everywhere.


I know. Always sucks going west to east.


Did they damage this side or this side?


Eight again.


I got sleep.


We took it, Scanlan, and we didn't tell Allura.


Yeah. No Lightning Bolt, Clarota.


Okay. Should we land on the beach and then check out that little cave?


Oh, you have to be... there's a thing. But we'll get to that later. There is a thing, I forgot, there is a thing.


We need to have a talk.


I'm going to take one of the daggers and I throw it against the windowsill.


It's like a--


She can't carry anything.


Like downward dog? Oh. What's that called?


I'm supposed to lay low, though.


Did I hear you had a hot spring, or something like that? Or like a spa here? I feel like you'd have a spa-- Because I am covered in dragon bile.


That is a 17?


No, it's two.


(incredulously) 4d8 plus four?


Maybe he's sleeping.


Oh, Beau, come on--


"Was enjoying the wind and then darkness forever." Aw, that's so sad! Was it Phil?


I guess we're going. Hold on!


So, yeah. I'll just position myself right next to the the door there, and I will hold my attack until anyone runs through the door. They get an insta-gore.


Wisdom saving throws. Continue.


Wise as fuck.


We're just traveling hired hands. We are going to go to the swamp and look for yard work.


Yes. I have been in this bath for a few minutes. No, you were here when I got here. That's true. We visited an arcane shop and the gentle...men? I'm not sure, really. The proprietors of the shop did a little dippity doo to me and it just took everything away.


I'm afraid Ulog may have had a larger game to play.


Lorenzo!


That would be my wife.


Unleash everything.


What's the exact time? No, I'm just kidding.


I'm going to back up and try to get around that building if I can.


Poor Cass.


I don't suppose that there's a keyword dragon in there anywhere?


Because of Heroes' Feast?


That sounds very positive.


If you tell them what you want, all of a sudden I'll get a call, like, "your food is on the way!"


They're terrible monsters.


Action plus movement, you can double movement away, up in the air. Away from this motherfucker.


Yeah, I know. What do I add to this? What do I add?


Boop!


I know, I wished I'd picked an astronaut. Then I wouldn't be fucked. (laughter)


No, but before that. Why did you come out here?


He has a third spell?


I'm going to gently put it down.


Is there enough moisture in the air? I have no idea how it works.


I bum rush Vex.


Between the competition and bedtime, our money was stolen.


Fuck, you guys. I am so sorry.


Yeah. That's good to know.


That's all I'd like to do.


I'm sorry, that's not happening.


All right, so one path goes "wiggedy woo" and the other path goes "zibbidy zow."


Is that-- did you just point and--


I chase after her, we go play, and you can play with the Fun Ball of Tricks.


Like a Three Stooges thing.


It's going to be a lot more than you think, apparently.


You're busy being in the lab.


That could be a while.


(mispronouncing) Wind.


She always does.


85 flying speed.


Do you have Dispel Magic?


Yeah, a green emerald gem in one socket, you dicks.


Where are we dropping? Can we stay at this place as well or do we--


She does that.


What's up, bud?


And what is this meeting? I know that we have to have a conversation with Asum.


(coughing) Quit while you're ahead.


And then, you pull it--


Yeah, but maybe if we do the other ones, it would still work? Is it worth a shot?


You make a very good point. A very good point.


That's cocked. Ooh, that's good, that's good. 21.


What layer of Hell? It's like, the third, fourth? Second.


Yeah. That's--


What's Crookedstone?


Just go upstairs.


This is that night, yeah.


I get advantage on this.


Yes! You should be a lady dwarf.


Yeah, can I do a perception check around the room and see if there's any indications that the Briarwoods might have--


It's copper.


Oh, I was looking at some grubs over by the--


Like a thorny net.


I’ll hop in when I can.


They're right!


Just dry run it here, dry run it.


I don't think we need to do that. I think we just drop it in the Plank King's--


Why are we inspired by hearing you talk all that shit about Tary?


I cast Vampiric Touch through Frumpkin's touch, and he takes 3d6 necrotic damage.


Yes! Good eye!


Sorry, man. It's my best trick and I burned a lot of it. 15 points of damage plus four points of psychic plus ten feet. Take some fall damage.


It wouldn't be hard to get hold of some pitch down here, some tar.


If we can ever find a store open in a city that's not destroyed, we can sell this stuff.


I'm highly dubious of this entire endeavor.


Yeah, I'll lead the way. Yeah, we sat here for 20 minutes in the stank.


I rolled a 19.


It's all about the back.


They think we're going to die! (laughter)


It's assless chaps! (laughter)


No, wait until they sleep. We're going to follow at a distance and then when they bed down for the night, we leave and then skirt around.


Yes. 826LA, which is a non-profit, after-school tutoring program for kids K-12th grade. They excel in creative writing and reading. They're awesome. Donate to them. Go check them out. And there might be an 826 in your area, so google 826. They're always looking for tutors. It's a good program.


I'm gonna Hawkeye you out at some point.


Oh, Grog could also go learn about the Nine Hells!


Do you have animals in there?


If we have to resuscitate a kraken--


She does drink a lot and occasionally seem interested in eating human flesh. I'm not entirely-- well, that's a subject for another day.


Ooh! Just 3d6 or plus anything?


Yeah, we showed a little bit of that. It was like, oop, that's Matt.


Love of my life.


Disadvantage still?


I'm with insects, right?


I say what you say that is what I say. I say, you know what? I'm bored and I think we should do it, even if it's hogwash. No offense.


I'm just pouring my potion down Pike's throat.


Which you've already done.


Wait! Vax? I don't know. I'm asleep.


Ah! It was so cool!


Huh, what?


I have a question to you, when you've done that.


Give me a boost!


Meanwhile, Percy's unconscious.


Oh, then I'm going to leap off the wall and run towards Pike.


I hand him a silver also.


Well, she's white, so I thought maybe--


Can we see through it?


Hit them up. Tell them you want us there.


That's a good deal. Yes, yes, yes!


It's on your spell page.


Down like dead?


Because they live underground. There's no sunlight.


(laughs) Yeah, bringing it back.


So I'm going to hide. I'm going to move backward around the corner and hide.


(whispering) Fuck!


Very uncomfortable, all right. But no, that was tension. Okay, yes.


Had to be done.


What kind of dark things are we talking?


Get ready. I want them to come to this window, okay? I'm going to go (whistles) through the window. Try and get their attention.


I was, was I?


Can you hear me? (laughter)


And then we'll leave.


Can you cast something to help his charisma and his persuasion?


Where am I in regards to everyone else?


I will absolutely do my holy shit. You don't want to see the god, but we'll do the rest of the holy shit. We'll be fine.


Plus an inspiration dice?


Yeah, I will definitely do that, but I also want to learn how to do tattoos. Can you teach me that?


You're very attractive though. (laughter)


Well, only one place to go and that's down.


Am I within 30 feet of Caleb?


You know what we never do?


All right, I'm going to just get-- just step into the doorway to take a look. I'm just stepping one step. And now I'm just going to shoot-- can I-- I'm just gonna try and-- The minute I recognize what a basilisk is, since I've faced them before, I'm going to do my best not to look and take a shot.


Sure. 17, plus I don't know.


Dance battle!


Oh, that's really unfortunate. I get advantage on those, and that was terrible.


Yeah. But I can still-- has he dropped his weapon? No?


Thank you for the bucket. I'll hold it.


I could make the image of our mark standing out there in the middle of the Arches, cursing the sultan's name and pissing all over the place.


Yeah, we've been right near that area.


I don't feel wardeny.


You don't need the Onyx Dog, why don't I hold onto that.


Just a project announcement?


Oh, she knocked out a pillar on the way down.


I had too much of this wine.


Okay, is he taking to the air?


Yes, I have a new show coming out on Geek and Sundry.


God dammit, he's going to heal fucking Kevdak. It's a new round.


Okay, so it's Grog, Vex, Delilah.


No! Not okay!


Are we all going in?


Take that, game, take that.


Millennia? That last word?


Okay. I'm going to spend a deadeye shot on this, which is a Bad News shot with a deadeye with the Hex. By the way, she is at disadvantage on strength checks. The Hex is probably not going to do a damn thing. I don't even know why I bothered. Magic fucking cloak. With Sharpshooter. I am so nervous. Natural fucking 20.


That's me! I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon right above it!


That's balls!


She would know better than that!


Don't chintz out.


Okay who's got a-- mine are all very small. Do you have a shortsword?


Don't do red!


Good to know. These are terrible rolls. That's a 25 to hit.


(shouting) It's my door! Oh, my god. (laughter)


I don't suppose there's a keyword dragon anywhere in that spider's description, but--


Yeah, I tried.


What are we doing? Are we staying here, or are we hitting the road?


I'm at 28 hit points.


So worth it.


I'm going to have to find her again at some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was never going to work. Somebody was working against me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But it could have been her, but it could have been one of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please.


I don't think it's in anybody's interest to have Vecna controlling any of the planes.


Simon Three.


She does! Look! She's got a good face!


This one's the Great Barrier Reef. I don't know.


It's a mine canary.


That's in the corner. I can't really say.


But this fight, this first fight, is going to happen. And we need our forces, and we need them prepared, and we need them not marching into a city. We need them in a city holding siege. Preparing to tackle, to grapple, and to subdue as best we can. To be difficult to find, to be surrounding. We need all of these things, and we cannot do any of these things unless we bring him to a place where all of our power is.


It's like a little pachinko machine of pain.


Let's continue on.


Wow, all right, sure, take it back.


First one of the day.


I get two of those. That's better. 19.


Pink!


I'm right there?


Should we just go in?


Do the other one now.


Like a real hoverboard, is there a chance this one might set on fire as well?


Can you grapple him? Grapple a wing?


She was super in love with this general named Theo.


29. Plus three. That's 32.


Well, it'll probably be faster to do that than to go--


Well, will you go with me?


Age rages.


They were kind enough to make sure that I made my way here to face you.


No, they can both run. Run for your life! Fine, whatever. She wants to get arrested at this point.


It's like my thing. Yeah, it's my new thing: eating crow.


That went really well, I think. Did we put everything back in order before we left the room? We did, right? Yes, we did.


Caleb goes (yelps), and I cast Dancing Lights into the goblin and light her up! Ah!


Can I shallow it and disperse it, so it still has water, but it shrink it down five feet so it's not as deep to walk through?


In Zemnian, it's pronounced "key." You said "quay"?


Tamarind.


It's Lucien!


Thanks, Matt.


A Christmas tree?


He had such a great intro.


Okay, I'm gonna take a quick look around to see if I can figure out what's causing this fog because it's annoying me.


Nah, I'm going to-- Can I change it? I'm so sorry. Can I do--


Yeah, I'm swinging wide. Go around.


Put some mayonnaise on it, you'll feel better.


Do these silhouettes look proportionate to each other?


And I can help give us extra power. In my clan, we have a bear spirit known as Oaktar. If I invoke the spirit of Oaktar, it gives us each extra power.


(singsong) He probably got turned away, because my mom was already taken.


We just lost money on that death. It was a very expensive death.


I don't want to fight this guy. Let's try and talk to him.


You do you, Scanlan.


I am ketchup. (laughter)


There's nothing we can do to bring him back, is there? There's nothing we got.


Five. Five less.


I mean, I second that method, but I'm just seeing if anybody else--


No, Beau, we're already winning.


Great. So we'll tie off the other side-- Yeah.


Do I at least get the "Run!" out to Toya?


That's my action.


Come on, Frumpkin.


This is a bonus action, yeah.


No, but I think it keeps going down. I think they just never quite sealed it up.


"Hey, big guy!"


Five, ten, plus another 13 damage.


Oh, nice, what?


Can I use resolve on this? Okay, in that case, 20.


Sorry, what are we doing?


Vecna's going to be so pissed at you.


Yeah, can he back up again?


I start battering into the door.


So I don't get Faerie Fire off on him first?


He might have. Tiberius had one. We didn't use it much.


No, I can sing a Song of Rest for all of us.


Three! (laughter)


Iron Chef.


He's the god of secrets! What do you expect?


17, but I've got Identify.


Scanlan, toss it.


We're sitting here like, is this a Cirque du Soleil thing?


My god. That's better. Okay. That's a 24. Should I use the inspiration?


All right, to the cart, then.


All right, slapping my hand on Kendrick's shoulder. We are going to let these people in. The city has come under attack, everything is fucked beyond belief. There are at least four large, old dragons attacking the city, and these people need to come inside. I don't know what we're going to do with them, but we're going to bring them in now. And you and I are going to wait by the gate for those stragglers to come in. The rest of you, take them inside, join the others.


You know what? Forget that. I want that fucking thing on my wall.


Hold on. 16.


Do we need to set these on fire?


Oh. That's a good question. I'll reach in and see what she has.


Sure! My players that I will be controlling-- that's how it works, right, Matt? My players will be the talented and charming Liam O'Brien: dagger, dagger, dagger, dagger, dagger; the charming and cabbage-smelling Brian Foster; friend of the show and charming everything, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn; young Ashly Burch, pulling some shit out of her ass, I'm sure, which is going to be awesome; and then a player we have not played with yet. He's a lovely voice actor and a talented man: Eric Bauza. Look him up on IMDB. He's the voice of everything.


You can call me Fjord. That's not necessary.


And also awesomely powerful.


10d6?


Like heal.


Riff-ram, bah-zhu.


Does not hit. MATT One arrow, the other manages to catch you in the side of the neck and stick in, before it falls out of the wound. Not deep enough to stick you too hard, but you do suffer eight points of piercing damage. That's max damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw.


Well, I don't know about deserve, but I think there's always somewhere there's a plant that needs some compost, and I'm happy to make some more if it'll make people happy.


The frog is on the move. Frog is on the move.


Yes, it's in my range. I will walk 15 feet forward and cast Fire Bolt from here. It's a 120-foot range.


I'm going to save those. I'll get on the broom. You're offering me a ride on the broom!


That's why we clearly got off to a great start. Sorry.


Well, maybe one of them is a good! Maybe one of them's a way out of here!


I'm the caboose!


Well, she got out of her manacles.


Dangerous things, or--


Did anyone check this desk over here, next to the portrait?


Yeah, I've never not known them as an act.


(whack) Sorry!


(retches)


I also make a little, like, raspberry noise at the end and go (pffbt).


Hey, cool! Can we--


Wait, did she cancel my spell, or is it just the orb that's done?


Oh, I looted the giant.


Oh, in my sleeve. Oh, that's a one. So I don't hear anything.


To the chode hit?!


We can ask around. Maybe the clientele might know some things about the Sheps.


I am going to send Frumpkin toward the branch.


Make sure you use some of those pyramids we made, though.


Right? He can't lay under the trap.


He's a mountain of man.


Healthy AND sane?


Oh shit, we forgot about those.


What, me?


It's in the walls of the city, or in city limits?


Tell me.


Are you being paid to protect this?


I'm with Vex and Trink.


Yeah. Can't see it, can you? Stuck with us. So I'm going to need everything that comes out of your mouth to be the truth.


What are we looking for? Are we just taking it in?


I conjure a vine-- I think it just happens.


But, wait, what did the next melee attack do to you?


I had played other games before you, but had never really experienced the sensation of playing D&D. This was a whole-- there were levels that were reached that had never been reached before.


I'll mark that down really quick. I'll take that 11 over that two. 13?


Hold on though, we haven't read it yet. What if it's terribly written, by a child?


I put the wire away. (laughter)


We always make these plans and then abandon them.


Yai equals yes.


Disgusting. Grog found it. I don't know.


Take both.


We'll be eating a Heroes' Feast, correct?


(sighs) I feel like Grog would be so happy right now to be around a wolf. I give him a scratch behind his ear.


(counting) 63.


Yeah. LAURA. Yeah, and a mustache. And a hat.


Wow. I'm going to give you a quick pop since you could use a little bit of--


Halas, Halas, Halas!


We're going to, we're all going to die.


It's really tight when you braid it like that. It pinches.


It's a dragon.


Detective!


Get people out, do recon, whatever.


I could do it because I can make a giant lollipop.


Where did our sister go?


Yes, I have-- that's actually part of the idea.


Al Gore Dyomin.


They're playables.


This looks unhappy.


I like cotton candy.


God, I hope this works, too.


What, like knock him unconscious?


Am I currently being beaten by a whore dwarf or anything?


I was thinking today and I was like, "Oh man, I should've just gone with them."


Mollymauk. Molly for short. This is Yasha, she's a charm.


Yeah, it splits into smaller ones. Smaller sizes.


I was going to poke around and look around it.


Has the danger passed?


Krang?


Does that work on saves?


Dibs.


A mate.


Those are great! Love the song parodies!


Wait, you think Doty's been boobytrapped?


There's nothing there!


You tried to sleep with your baby daddy?


You survived a dragon.


You seem to pick up on the stuff that's not said?


Majestic is my middle name. We saw, the other day, you guys fighting off those invaders, that was very impressive. Thank you so much for your service to the city.


It's a party!


You'll have Yasha with you. And Beau to protect you.


And that's eight, 16, 26, 27, 28, 29, 31, 32 points of damage.


I go with Zahra. What do you want me to scoop, Zahra?


Want to do separate rolls this time?


We didn't want it!


I feel like everyone else feels so terribly.


Can she repair on a bonus?


Aw, Gil fucked me! Seven!


And I'm not afraid, but I'm deaf.


He has, he has one time. Don't.


Porn star, yeah.


We should flip for that too.


Brinjay.


Yeah, but we need it.


Put her in a body bag, Johnny!


You're cleaning up.


I'm sorry, he's looking for Gilmore.


Are you sure you want to do this, with your cat?


You don't think the two could be mutually exclusive? Or best of both worlds?


He had it in the tattoo and the coat, yeah.


And I may have held onto her waist like this. Can you see my hand? I was like holding-- I didn't grab her boob, but I grabbed her waist.


Thank you. I'm a scholar.


How many rifles are we looking at, here?


Oh, you know, I was just gonna, um.


The "west" of the way?


I'm gonna land in the crow's nest with Percy.


But here we are. A lavender-- damn it, Travis. A lavender tiefling with red eyes and very pierced, extremely ostentatious horns that are pierced with little gems and little baubles. He's got a tattoo that seems to be running up the side of his face, a peacock tattoo that goes off into his very ostentatious, ridiculous, overblown robes that he wears. His two swords and pouch dangling at the side of his hips. He's very broad in his dress.


Are you a turtle?


You're the captain. Captain Fjord!


Mr. Filch?


I'm waiting for smoke.


I will buy into this idea if we have a plan for when the pixies are about to literally attack us five minutes from now.


We're from the same people, but we each have our individual cultures because we've been separated for so long, at this point.


Years ago?


I don't know how broken it is.


You're good at this.


Nice one! Nice!


You got the dice, you got the dice.


Yes, but what about water? Oh my.


Was I within five feet of him? Yes, I'm going to use disengage.


Natural 20. 23, minus five is--


The DM recommends it. (laughter)


You don't have to change shape.


This bird lives a long time, I can tell you. This type of bird is not a short-lived bird.


I would've gotten the name right.


Yeah, let's call another two worms, let's do that.


I was thinking the one where you actually have to go out and find supplies. I might be really good at that.


It was nice to meet you and nearly die next to you.


On my back, can I use my bonus action to drink the potion of speed, which makes me hasted?


An abused cantaloupe.


So scary!


(shushing) This is the craziest thing ever.


Unless you can fudge the dice!


Whoa, it never did that before.


Tricky, tricky.


Stealth check!


Two at the guy who's closest to me.


Well, Scanlan?


You know, I feel like you're throwing a lot of shade about us investigating this tower.


She's not what I'm afraid of.


It'll be a slow journey, but we can try to move.


Yeah. Yeah, we can burn shit for days.


Yeah. Maybe they should stay on the boat.


It's worth it.


Head-on, I agree, not a good idea. We will take a roundabout way. Let's figure out what we're talking about first.


Yeah. We're off a little bit.


I know! And her fur and--


Don't we need proof?


Do you think I’m in melee range?


Why don't you strip?


No, I just thought if we knew more about your situation, it would maybe lead to clues that would help us track down, or know the weaknesses of these Shepherds who stole or killed your friends. If we knew the circumstances around their untimely demise.


If we cut the bridge.


Oh my god. Wow. We could seriously buy a ship.


Okay, I will get us some sweets if you want.


You'd have to erase the tracks all the way back to the-- how far back are you willing to go?


I also gave him a little bit of--


Can you detect if we're making up any ground on your target? I'm talking to you, Vax.


Stealthy bats. We fly close to the ceiling and be as quiet as possible.


I didn't have it in me anymore to do any more. (laughter)


I'll stay right here.


One day, far in the future, I'll figure out a way to make you pay for that. (laughter)


And we do need to build three new structures where the lords' houses were, and I find the idea of rebuilding those mansions to be a bit distasteful.


Fuck off.


That didn't work.


I really thought you were going to say something else.


You want the magical enchanted instruments?


All right. I will drop Percy's Seeming.


You want to go?


And all this while, Vax has been staring at Taryon and imagining him with exactly half a beard. (laughter)


Matt, I'd like to move to the other side.


Do I roll for damage or anything like that? Or, since it's a grappling--


I'm going to disengage and back up against the back wall--


That's my friend Vex. Vex, come forward.


Will the magic fade if we get too close to the ziggurat, though?


I open it and rummage through a bunch of shit here.


He can get a little discount.


I guess I'll fly down and-- I'm gonna try and stay off the deck as much as possible, since it makes me so nauseous.


I think I'd rather walk as long as I can.


And he is getting fucked up right now.


Oh, that's what we're doing?


And everything is good here for when we go, Percival? Your sister and everyone, Keeper what's-his-butt?


I regain an equal amount of hit points off a crit with Fane-Eater. How many hit points did I get back?


Or say nothing!


Is it magical?


Right, maybe, yeah get a little bit closer in order to--


Ah, beautiful. I cast Telekinesis and I hurl him over my head and chuck him at the other one. I want to get him away from Pike. I don't think I can throw him that far. How far away is he from the lava, actually?


There's a big woman in there. She's all yours.


Close the door.


Do you really?


Where we're at?


I will be here waiting for you when you come out.


No, Q&A.


Right, run.


Yeah. I hold hands with Pike.


Or does he want to draw.


Why would we do that?


Trinket stays in Emon, right?


That's true as well.


Two of spades.


I know, because I don't want to fucking burn any spells on this asshole.


Of good dragons, or bad?


You got a shard?


They look like rocks!


You know who had that?


I thought it was 2,000 to start?!


So you were deceiving us.


Do we smell anything?


Sitting on Emon.


I can focus to part the waters for about ten minutes.


The fork trick wasn't very fun, was it?


Shoot it in the mouth. (clapping)


He's expendable. Hopefully he survives. If not, good cause.


All right, we'll just hang onto it.


She pulled really hard.


Let's be frank with each other. You have two options: either you are going to die in this cell-- and I promise you, you will die in this cell-- or you are going to convince us why you shouldn't. So I would start talking right now or I swear we will not leave this dungeon before you're dead.


Blue hat?


Perception check. Oh, that's a seven. Thought it was a one. (laughs) That is a 17.


No people to be seen anywhere?


How high above us is it?


There's a surprising number of things with six eyes, and that's-- (laughter)


I'm definitely looking out on the ocean to see if--


I start lobbing Fire Bolts into the sea like I'm skipping stones every ten or 15 seconds.


There's gold!


What's he going to say if you call to him? Was he going to say something?


Oh, less than that.


Maybe he's alive and you were seeing through his eyes right now?


I think we give him the beacon and we walk away.


Jesus. Well see, those peasants would've died anyway, it's not me, it's her, she did it.


Look at those chocolate cakes! Oh.


Nope, that one.


It was a natural 20. Do I add anything?


So loose. So free. So much movement.


I'm sick, don't make me laugh that hard.


This was so great, being a part of your journey that you had.


And knowing is half the battle.


Did you guys de-mist-ify?


Just a stick. Just a stick. It doesn't do anything.


Boy. It's a cold day. I think I'll just pop up my hood and walk a little brisker.


Get the fuck out of here. What? That's so old.


Get him! Now bite him!


And I run, and I try and jump back to the other boat.


Wisdom saving throw with disadvantage.


Okay, I'll stay with you.


Do I notice any change in the weapon?


May I helm it with Clay?


Where should we head to?


Puke on him.


(lizard noises) Am I still flying? I'm assuming I fall.


It's fine, just not in a hallway with stairs.


(softly) At what price?


Yeah. 24. (cheering)


Less boring.


This dream that the old one talked about, does that worry you?


Pike, Keyleth, will you come up here? We're a little out of our depths here. This seems suspect to me. I'd like you to both have a look.


So that's 3d4 plus six.


That also hits. I will use Uncanny Dodge for the tail.


Oh I feel so bad for him.


(whispering) Kill him.


Okay, I feel like shit, so I'm going to go to bed.


Oh, we have one of its fangs. I pulled it out.


Yeah. I could Invoke Duplicity down there and see if they attack us. If they do, then we can attack them.


Wait, Fjord! Can I talk to you for a second before you go down there?


Thanks. Thanks, Keyleth. That felt good. That was a nice trip down memory lane.


Bye, Frumpkin.


You are so charming.


26 for me.


So what was that, 43 plus 55? What was the first hit?


No, straight roll.


You're getting really close to the manticore.


For another three minutes.


Oh, 18!


Okay. I'll inspire Keyleth. I'll sing to her (singing) Believe it or not, you're killing a croc! You never thought you could feel so free! Slashing away on a giant fucking croc. How can it be? Believe it or not, it's because of me! (laughter and applause)


No, sadly.


And I'm going to Conjure Barrage in a cone to get as many of those fucks as I can.


I'm going to guess ten.


I want to slide into a crouch right behind-- I don't want to go that far. Right by Percy, because I can't go much further, I don't think.


Oh, thanks.


My cat doesn't see anything, but I don't trust that there's-- are you listening to me?


Here, d8s.


Yeah? Yeah. I dig that.


Okay, so there's probably a little bit of light going in there, so I'm trying to look in to see what I can see from his spill-in there.


How much damage?


I don't feel as nauseous up here, it's nice.


It's in the grab bag. It's an option.


Okay, I'm going to do that, and as I'm doing that, I'm pulling out my little clay cat's paw and I'm going to hold Maximilian's Earthen Grasp. As soon as I hear fish talking in the water, I'm going to let it go.


Big times are coming, Nott.


I don't think it works that way.


Back away.


Should we go to the tree?


Hey, that's very handsome.


(grunts in pain)


Wisdom saving throws are major. She could take control of us.


Well, first there were dinosaurs.


Is your arm back?


We can definitely take the skeletons out, though, and sneak through, potentially, in that one tunnel. We should still cave this shit in, and it'll seem like a natural cave-in, right?


So the first one is double dice, so eight plus-- 14, 15, 18, 23, 25. Double dice is 50 plus seven is-- Yeah, 57 for the first.


Yeah. Sorry.


I'm going to go around to-- Can I flank him? Behind or somewheres?


Throw it in and see how it goes, and then we can run if he's-- How do we know if he's in there, though?


I wish Vax were here.


We've got to make more of a fuss about that, that's pretty cool.


That's a lot of d6.


Yeah, it was the white dragon you killed.


Oh god. I can't tell who that's coming from.


If you buy a lot, you can put them in your Bag of Holding. That's what I do. Speaking of, how's my supply in there? Is it pretty good, still?


Come on, Deborah.


Not that high up.


And I (flying noise).


Molly, how long does this last?


It's a much better name.


We didn’t kill Fjord and Jester, though! By puppeting them. We took some money, but that’s a good cost for not killing them.


We weren't really drinking. We were pretend drinking. We could be real drinking.


Doing my maths over here. 32, 36, 72. That's 80 points of damage.


Oh! Natural 19.


What if he was betrayed by something in the Feywild, and we found that thing, whether it was a comrade or a--


Natural 20. No, no.


Oh my god. I'm going to cast Armor of Agathys on myself again.


Yeah it is.


This is a rad shirt.


Caleb sighs and takes a five-foot, six-foot sturdy branch, one that could be a walking stick, and I take that stone-- that lucky rock that I found-- and I start to hammer the branch into the ground so it is sticking up like a post, and then hang Mollymauk's coat from it.


So as long as we can get them out.


All right. I’ll stay with you, then.


Should we use our flashlights or no?


I think I'm going blind in my left eye.


(in an Irish accent) Stop, stop, stop what you're doing! Stop it! What have you done? What have you fucking done? It wasn't hurting anybody! I don't understand it. Jesus Christ, these are not easy to make.


You can scry... Oh, you can scry for anything.


If that's the case, then maybe she can tell us that and then we'll leave it alone. But what if he's dead?


How big is the orb, out of curiosity?


What if we have to get it with the sword?


Heartthrob Damon.


Ooh, spirits.


Water balloon with glass.


Yeah, just empty your pockets. Let's just make sure nobody's following this stuff.


There's nothing.


Yeah, let's do the Greatsword.


Excuse me, one moment. Twiggy?


And how many of those guys do we have?


Hang on! Wait! (laughter)


Maybe we circled around for two hours the first time and we just didn't realize it.


I'll go around back behind where Trinket and Vex just went.


I don't know if they will cook rats here, though.


Yeah, but you're going to hit rock!


That's okay. I'm going to use my movement to get closer into the fire. Maybe over towards Molly and Yasha.


I have some papers.


No. Now we have time to--


Well, I was actually thinking of Pike, but.


No, but he's small, but at the same time, I'm kind of interested.


Yes, we know. Sorry.


Right. Then Keyleth turns to Vax Whatever happens, lest it be trite, stay with us. Casts Guidance for the next minute, which gives you 1d4 on ability checks.


I pull-- all I have is a dagger, but I just hand it to Yasha.


Oh. I'm going to quote from some old TV show and say: you are a monstrous mechanised misguided moron! That's it.


Okay. I don't know which one to use. I'm so nervous. Okay, let's do this one. That was a bad one. I'm perceptioning?


So, we're immune to poison--


I always imagine occasionally Keyleth gives a speech that's like what's-his-name from Animal House.


The quarry is where it's been last located? Oh, okay. Yeah, you double-check it. I might have missed something.


Girls, we're not supposed to be here. Can you help us handle this?


It's fine if I fall apart. It happens.


One vial?


Dimension Door. Can it be used at higher levels?


Probably bigger?


We don't have our dog anymore.


I tell the guards standing next to me, because I'm assuming they saw the explosion of the Fireball, I'm going to say: More people die with each passing moment. Will you at least walk with me? Time is of the essence here.


Getting on is not a problem.


Yeah, aren't the Critters such an amazing group? We've heard rumors of people coming and stopping by and volunteering, yeah?


Were they sisters?


You should come drink with us at the tavern.


Yeah. Another eight damage. I'm going to spend another ki point to try Stunning Strike again.


How far in does it take to cross all of these little rivers?


Oh, miss it.


Skill? Skill. Okay.


Before we move on-- we're about to leave, I'm assuming?


All over. Everywhere and nowhere.


Is that a pig's head?


Resistant to fire. There's nothing else I can do from where I am.


I will make sure that you are compensated when this is over. Can we sleep here for the night?


I go to Scanlan's cheek. (patting, slap)


Oh yeah, you've got your little mini.


Oh, you're so right. Hey, pull my finger. (fart sound)


It's that sword's influence.


The other one?


So does it know that I'm there since it just took a big chunk out of me?


Oh, I'm spying on those bitches.


I'm sorry, 29 includes the five points of necrotic damage. I'm so sorry.


I want to run down and shoot something.


Millions dead.


I like the way you think, science bro.


How does that affect us, again?


I'm not feeling the hag.


I'm a tiny little thing.


Are me and Percy there yet?


(singing) From a distance!


Also, was there anything special about the room?


How do we go get Kima?


Oh, she makes her way back every now and then.


Yeah, reckless.


Can you shake us? Can you shake our magic fear?


Ooh, that's not solid. At all. Look, put your foot through that.


Nothing there, Grog. Sorry.


Like how, what do you mean?


Yeah. I will get reimbursed at the end.


I did 11 damage on my second attack on her.


No, I don't think it goes as bad as you think.


Should I have rolled for Trinket?


I am one with the water.


(Gollum voice) Nasty!


This is going to pay off at some point in the future.


It's an official term, guys. 13.


Wheatoning.


He remembers.


Shaving.


Hi, friends. How's it going?


How hard could that be?


Okay. all right. I can take one if you can take one.


I hand him the ammunition. I load four of them.


And I agree with your--


The leader? Absolutely.


It's not close enough to really do anything yet.


Put it on, Percy!


I've always been fascinated with the mind flayers. You're fucking throwing an army of them at us. 'Cause they're dangerous.


In the sun?


(whispering) Do you know what's going on? (switches to normal volume) Assume we're whispering, because this is bullshit.


Hey, buddy!


What does JB stand for?


It's not that heavy of a rope, it's just hemp.


Yeah! It looks really, really scary though! So thank you!


Do we have a way of scrying one more time before the day is up?


We're going, right? All right. So, yes, I'll cast Seeming on everyone. Making them various level heights of Vex and Vax, I guess. (laughter)


Yeah, at the time there weren't any others like me. I feel like I was especially picked on for my teeth.


The recap really sticks it in and turns it.


So bored right now.


Oh, Hold Person is a-- you're right.


It needs to go to a bartending class.


And Ruzza's still there?


To be fair, Percy, you do a lot to remind us to try not to forget that you're titled.


I'm going to use Divine Sense in this room. Am I within 50, 60 feet of that dwarf?


Are you dexterous?


And then there's a third one that is a six? Was that right? Six and six is 12, so 16.


(spell noises)


Ooh I wanna be that!


It's an old god; you've probably never heard of it.


I get up, I walk to the window, and I look out the window. We're not going to be safe here for much longer, that much is certain. We will need to move quickly.


Vex, you and me babe, all we got to do is last ten rounds. Of course, all you hear is (muffled cries).


What floor are we on now?


Right, and I'm gonna run that, but you guys are all going back to--


Yeah, and I'll use my extra language to go: Yeah, it's bad. Grab the sphere! I'll use my full movement to run towards the sphere. If it will put me in his melee-- will it?


Well, hunting for any kind of meat. Pastries you pay for.


Maybe, do you feel like you want to talk to him?


That'll do. I feel like this would be in the wheelhouse.


Yeah! Do it here!


Can I do a little Mage Hand-y? A little fishing in the one that's closest to me?


Does this appear to be goliath-built?


Not with my strength!


They're great.


I tell him to come back and come out and say: There's a lot of things just ahead of us over the ridge.


They might come in handy later.


No! Fucking Keyleth said that!


No, he has to wait because he's going to get hit. He's going to get bludgeoned.


They already started it.


Thank god. Much better.


Reality is malleable here.


No whammies. That's a 13.


Grog, can you always put down the dust of tracelessness?


Like up in the trees?


From the outside. If you cut it from the outside, if you pierce it, all of its stuff falls out.


Hashtag blessed. Gives radiant damage to anything evil that attacks me with a spell. That's pretty neat, huh? I have a feeling radiant damage is going to be really important in this fight.


He tried his best. He got right up in Lorenzo's face, and he just wasn't strong enough.


Let's take a minute before we--


Yeah, dude.


Yeah! Yeah, you did. For some reason, I was the only one who noticed it, and I don't know if that's because I'm just reading into things, if that was just a really awesome, but scary and brutal thing to say in the moment, or if there's something deeper that you might be serving.


He's trying to run away, trying to teleport away.


The chicken is delicious!


If a party would be in search of an item that would be of great use to your survival, would that be worthy?


Suck it up, Scanlan.


We'll be right back, really quick, with our donations and everything.


I can also speak every language!


Fuck! (all laugh)


What is Lady Briarwood?


Could I use that?


My tail nub is slightly larger than the rest. It's a cube. It's a tail cube.


I just flipped through my book on the alchemy section for a bit.


No, sharpshooter.


(singing) Kill the vampire.


No. I'm going to sit down next to you.


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on Caleb as he's walking by in this state.


Did we get a long rest?


Can we Treestride again today?


(talking through his teeth) Near the galley is where I saw the thing move.


I'm Tary to mine.


All right, I go to the most insecure-looking guy.


(sings) Shake it off!


I've done three one-shots, but no show-show.


Not the slowest pace.


It was seven. I give one of the extra rings.


Tough. (laughter)


No no. No no no!


I'm from Draconia!


Now in exchange for our good will in this interaction, I'm sure you won't mind if we peruse below decks and see if there is anything of interest.


I worked through the night on that. It's very interesting.


She's Pike. She's hardcore. I don't know.


The cellar door that we saw.


There's the throne over there.


17?


I'm telling you, though, it's this or nothing. If we fall here, if we fail, then it's fucked, so even if it destroys half the city, it's better to have all of us at full fighting potential.


A sparrow.


Can't we change it up?


Thank you. The rest of them will start beating a little heartbeat. That way, we know if any one of us goes down, even if we can't see each other. So. Grog!


I did--


The Jim Henson studio was mad to let you go.


And so did he go to the guards, or did he go, "Oh shit, I was hiding something?"


I will inspire-- oh my god, it's not even worth it.


Did Arkhan break?


Yeah, can I walk over there close to them?


I think Jay at Emerald Knights told me that they're going to be in stores soonish as well, but you can go to Paizo right now-- tweet! And go find them.


If you ever need any antique furniture or decor, ask for the Meat Man. He get you good deal. (clicks tongue)


Plus 17-- 20 damage.


Something to recover a little bit of time.


Thanks for the heads up.


The fiviest.


Be careful when you go to sleep. Shit falls in your nose.


You still wanted me to eat shit.


No, it's up to us to figure out, right?


To this dungeon? Because he's waiting upstairs?


I can heal that.


Can I run-- I want to pick her up--


A bag of gold in a trash receptacle.


We're fighting the perversion of death itself. This is what I would do to torture us. Let's figure this out before we hand him back anything that's older than we are.


Intelligence arcana check?


Laura, were you in it?


I mean, I must commend you. A lot of people are very trepidatious in the face of a force of nature like this.


Not all of us are shitty.


Here's what I think. Lady Keyleth has been talking about this for a long time. It's calling to her, and we're a family now, and it's her moment. We're here. They're right nearby. There's no use putting it off. Let's go to her family.


I don't make those. 17.


Get evidence of something.


Should we join them?


No. I took out a fancy robe. I was going to trap the globe.


How many seasons old are you?


You're a homeowner.


They're flares. That's cool.


Cheers to that, because God knows we're not the finest.


You double the dice, yeah?


I don't know what Grog's dad looks like.


Oh, yeah, like what? Ten feet? Yeah?


It's still alive?!


Yeah, that saves.


I have no ranged attacks. Except I can Viciously Mock it, so that's what I'll do. I'll say, you know what? Your tentacles make you look kind of fat, and the elf thing is played out. It's sort of 1990s. Orlando Bloom. And the whole bone thing is just really tacky!


I also have low light vision.


I release Polymorph.


Well, I'm sad.


How the fuck do we get him up there?


Oh, that's not as very good. Nine for his bite.


Better. 17.


All right. Okay, so how do I do Guiding Bolt?


The most frequently naked.


Zac, adjusting the microphones.


I'm going to use five points of Lay on Hands to cure the poison.


Caleb did.


I think we're good for that.


Yeah, but didn't they say the white one was more savage. More emotional?


Get! You're in the shot, you're in the shot! (laughter)


Oh, oh. I'm jacked in.


Seven dollars a day? What is this shit?


Wait, that means--


Nah, I'm just watching.


I could try and scry on him while we wait.


Can I attack right now? I was holding my attack.


Well, I thought you were Nott, the Brave?


If I may, who is really good at finding shit? You two, and anyone--


I turn to Caleb and I go  There! I threw our engagement ring and our life and I fed it to the rabies dolphins! It's over, okay?! It's over!


Weeks pass, and Grog the barbarian hasn't been seen since suddenly leaving for the city of Westruun. Heading there in search of him, the party meets his childhood friend, and their new companion: the gnome cleric, Pike. Grog apparently hasn't been acting normally, and had marched off on his own through the Bramblewood towards the ominous mountain, Gatshadow. The party followed, dispensing with a troop of roadside thieves along the way, and wound their way toward the mountain. Deep within, they encountered an abandoned subterranean city and eventually a crypt housing a mind-controlled Grog, the reanimated corpse of his father Strongjaw, and a dying mage attempting a ritual to Lichdom. Our heroes slayed the mage, but not before he could complete the ritual and embed his phylactery into Grog's chest. Returning to town in search of aid, they find there are few of enough knowledge or power to ascertain the nature of Grog's wound. Also, rumors of missing children begin to reach the party's ears. While contemplating all this at a local inn, the party is approached by a mysterious elf named Drez Vina who wishes to pay handsomely for the party to infiltrate an archmage's tower, and retrieve a particular brass box within. Pushing forward in the hopes of speaking with this archmage, the party accepts, and passes through arcane trap after trap to reach the top of the tower, deciding not to steal from the archmage but instead parley with him for his aid. The tower's keeper, Realmseer Eskil Ryndarien, agrees to help and sends the party to collect two items he requires for the ritual: the skull of a nightmare and the heart of a nymph. The caveat: their defeated foe is indeed a lich now, and in merely two weeks, he will be reborn within Grog! They travel north to the Umbra Hills, wrestle with a small cult to slay their infernal messenger and his nightmare steed, and find a fresh companion in Percy, newly freed from imprisonment. From there, the party rushes south to the Frostweald, a forest shrouded in eternal winter. Battling past basilisks, the party finds a single, unfrozen pool where they coax a nymph from her dimensional sanctuary. Talking their way out of battle, Grog enters the sanctuary with the nymph, and returns holding a jewel gifted by the beautiful creature: the "heart" of the nymph.


Stop talking, stop talking! Hold on. (laughter)


There's a dog?


Yes, Percy?


Yeah, I guess I can do that.


That's a 19 plus-- that's a regular attack bonus, right?


(whispers) Your brand of subterfuge is not what I had in mind. (laughter)


I'm hoping you can hold on for a minute.


Cervix? (laughter)


That's right, I don't know.


Furry belly? What is that?


I open up my sketchbook and I start drawing the symbols. Here, look, I made this beautiful picture.


But the throne!


Yeah. I was going to say, I was actually thinking about getting up. I would like that, that weird corner ladder.


Something feels different about the table.


Eww. Nice.


Okay--


I would really hate to steal the show, guys. (all laugh)


They can send us whatever they want.


I know! But this guy seems like he would lose a spelling bee to Grog. He's really dumb!


Do you shoot it at something?


Are they with advantage because she's prone?


(singing) Here's the story. Of a lovely druid. Who thought she could fly as a goldfish. But she couldn't, and she became fish paste. And I wish I had Wish.


You know...


We should start consecrating the ground, at the very least.


How on earth did you not put a Growing Pains reference in that?


So finally, this is advantage and an automatic critical hit? Assassin trait.


Oh, none.


Hang on. Just because it is controlled by the clergy doesn't mean that it's legal. Doesn't mean that if we go knocking on their door requesting potions that they're going to take kindly to that. Kind of like getting your concealed deadly weapons license in certain places.


Professor Grog's having a hard time.


I'm planning to climb over the gate.


The adventure was 50 thousand, correct?


Just a point of clarification, we're talking voyeuristically because of your household, you mean?


Yeah. 120 feet of movement.


A 20.


I send Trinket up, to like, pull him.


I will put on my hat of disguise, I will be someone completely different.


Just to see--


You've been used to that your whole life.


Crystallized rice.


So Grog's father's too big for you, what about the undead severed head of Grog's father?


31 plus three is 34, minus five to hit.


Some days it's not hard to do a good turn.


(whispering) Your animals are with you.


I grab the table and I shake it.


I can't get to him now. I used my movement.


Oh, my Hunter's Mark! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark damage. But it doesn't matter. He's dead.


Okay, and we'll try to find a box to put it in.


I guess I will do an unarmed attack.


We're just going to go up.


He's your uncle? I thought he was your grandfather.


You're swirling water around him right now?


Everything we said last night was true. We're here for you.


That's a great idea, Grog. Invisible servants, bring us the finest vegan wine.


It might be a small comfort to know that Pike's doing a wonderful job of changing the Trickfoot name.


Really? It's so itchy.


We want to put information in Sutan’s house-- elder-- right? We could have some sort of writing that is not from the High-Richter, but that says "H-R would prefer the plans to go into motion--"


Wait, this was not by choice? You were abducted by monks?!


Is that on the table?


She strictly plays Shadowrun. (laughter)


(whispers) That's progressive. (laughter)


This is not well-crafted. I grab my wire that I use for the message spell, and I put my hair into a little ponytail.


Yes. Clean it, please.


Hi, do you remember me? I was here before.


Have a pleasant evening.


That's crazy, though--


Wait, did you roll a one?


But I'm a gnoll! Ah!


(whispered) And a baseball bat.


Yeah. I'll fire a Fireball to those two in the corner.


Wode. You can call me Wode.


We didn't exactly break in, we just kind of-- I'm just shutting up.


Two in front. Does it look like there's any blind spots, any trees that go up and cusp over the walls?


That's it. No, I'm not going to move.


As far as I know, someone is watching this right now.


That seems like a good plan to me.


We got a book!


This is a good plan! Good plan!


The terrible woman may have a point. (laughter)


Then we need to do that right when he gets back.


She makes them black.


We'll get to it.


Would anybody care if I try mine?


This fucker's not here.


I feel like we should leave these people with most of what we-- I think this has been enough. I don't want to, you know, cause any more trouble than we have.


I want to kill a dragon like my friend Pike did.


Can I go over and help Kash?


I'll play the Batman, and I will guess Becca again, she has the Harley Quinn.


But that's part of it. My muscles ripple in the moisture.


No balcony. So there appear to be--


Yeah, but that's a very specific thing. You know, if your life is in danger, that's one thing. You know, if something happens in the heat of the moment or there's danger in both directions. Murder is premeditated. That's a very different thing. I find it hard to believe that you have killed someone with premeditation. I could be wrong but--


There is no air hole; that's so irresponsible.


I don't know how to feel a little awkward in saying I'm not sure I want to waste it on you. But--


Yes, I know, but I don't know, I can't go to that village. I'll be stoned to death.


Still nothing.


Honestly, it's been a terrible 24 hours. We were at the circus last night and I did not know him well, but old man Brinjay fell.


I look up. Is my de Rolo symbol still in the sky?


I saw your other guard friends running that direction. I think the impersonator was back there.


Fabulous writer. Good person.


Is it a bad idea to mention the Suutan bloodline?


Bisaft.


You're hitting his pressure points.


Exactly, Scanlan. You're the only one who could-- if your weapon had any kind of light enchantment on them, could probably smash this thing to bits. Then we would have to scatter the remnants, the pieces, far from each other, if not find different ways to destroy those pieces.


(unnervingly realistic crow noises)


That's double because of favored terrain. What is that, 20? No, 33.


No, it's pretty incredible. Have you been able to do anything that you've wanted to-- Been studying? Like some special, spectacular spells that can--


That's me under the effects of being confused about the Confusion spell.


Are any of them holding anything that they put down for a second, or they got it firmly in their claws?


I immediately grapple him.


Just an intelligence check.


Rooms.


I'm going to wait to see what Grog does. As soon as Grog's done, I'm throwing.


Thanks, Zofer!


Some stink don't come off.


I love you! Move.


He used a wing-buffet and then two saves.


Yeah, I'm just going to knock him down.


He did have feet. They were just somewhere else.


Oh, hells yes!


Oh, really? I've never felt such hatred than this moment. Wow, god damn it.


Caleb, Fjord, Molly.


It's a very thin piece of stone.


(gasps) Stop! Can we stop? Can we stop?


Lovely vibrant blue with a thing on the -


Vex, you would know.


In Halfling, I say to him, I've also been a victim of a horrible attack.


No, it will be no problem.


That hits! That's the same, I have 13 for-- yeah, that hits. Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, that's 26 points of damage.


Then-- oh, what? Oh, yeah! Well, let's all head inside for prayer.


Just write it up, and I'll sign it.


Aw, that's not my strength.


He's so good!


I don't have my hand cone out. 17.


Never mind. I'm trying to get to this black hole.


Is it engaged with Jester's dupe?


Oh boy, Matt's hating this.


Grog! What's going on?! You're okay? All right.


That'll do. That's a 21.


Pff. Ten.


Yeah, with the little glasses. We are all de Rolos today.


When I'm an animal, none of my bonuses--


I have a quick announcement.


Did you get up?


Vex, do you remember how much that diamond was worth, we got that diamond --


I mean, I have paints I guess.


What if the lesson is loss? What if you're supposed to go down there and watch people that you love die?


I had that as Vex!


Anywhere.


United as one!


You think Grog is above that?


Can I do a quick case of the room? See if I see anybody suspicious?


Guys, I'm sensing a lot of purple and brown construction paper here. (all laugh)


I Hunter's Mark him, and I'm gonna shoot him with the explosive arrow.


And you're sure they were just pirates, yeah?


I'll see if I can recall if there's a tree nearby.


Grabbing that hammer is definitely an option.


Do you need those and we never knew?


Do you have a level one left?


And I heal myself, sorry, level two--


This is really intimidating. The crystals are glowing, and it makes me unhappy. Is your crystal red, too? (gasping)


I snuggle very close to Trinket.


Well, yes, there's that, too.


I can just pop in if you want to wait outside.


Smash the orbs.


The Allhammer was--


Is that with our sponsorship prices?


Does he want some fried chicken?


He licks her.


I wonder if we could take them to Allura or to Shaun.


Fail. I've tied it around my sister. Pike, Percy, pull!


Sure. When you do it. Let's see here. Who needs things?


Yeah, yeah no, that's rockin'!


The Keystone Pub.


Does his hand turn into a bat with him? Or does that fall--


Let's do a good one.


Does that look like that shape?


Can I tell where The Sour Nest would be from here?


You're improving.


He'll be fine. He'll be fine.


Go to hell.


I elbow Fjord and I sit down next to Avantika.


So I'm coming out of eagle form. I was just using the eagle to fly.


Let's go back to The Leaky Tap.


Search for him. Wherever he might be.


What jewels?


What happens now, boss?


I step forward and say  (coughs) Sorry to disturb, I'm looking for Earthbreaker Groon.


Am I close enough to Grog to hop onto the carpet, as well?


Okay, Yasha.


All right, so that's going to be--


Every chicken dish ever.


That's so sweet!


We were so glad to have you, sister!


Can I start speaking to him in Underdark?


(laughs painfully) Don't do it.


Touché, Grog.


I'm definitely doing that, yes. I'm going to shoot at the giant as we're running. Hunter's Mark him.


Totally obvious that he's fucking us over. (imitates Crute's laugh)


That is never not unsettling.


Yeah! Scanlan, you suck! (laughter)


Okay, so I'm back at 36. Okay. I'm gonna run and duck behind Grog.


Who are the bad guys? This one, this one, and this one?


Well. Only one way to go. And that's up. I would like to try and pull myself up the chain towards Umbrasyl.


Does our room look down onto the alleyway?


(nervous laughter) It's cocked. It would have been 11. Four.


Am I, or is it the elemental who goes first?


What's in the book?


As we move on.


Okay, so fine, I’ll just have that. All right, so no armor, so.


Okay, I'll run to-- sorry, I'm stuttering. Keyleth's doing it?


See, and that just a point of a higher motivation for something. I mean, there's got to be a step two.


I go in the door.


Do they roll? Do I roll?


Did you order the drink for when he comes back?


Dolan's last name?


I have two luck points left, but I feel like--


Could have a rope tied to him.


Oh, one of them was a--


I'm casting this as a 3rd-level.


Yeah, weaknesses? Vulnerabilities?


Bring that ass back.


I got a really great deal!


Listen, that's not just something I can do whenever.


No, no, no, no.


I don't see why they're mutually exclusive.


I touched it. I'm sorry!


That's really big. All right.


Everyone saw me. It's fine.


What if she's lonely, and two, what if she's not the hag and she knows where the hag is?


What does the name Halas mean to you?


Yes. To open it up in case somebody wants to take a shot at him.


Why would you do that? He rolled a 19.


I can't help.


Do I roll a d8? Or wait, to choose what kind of beam?


We have no idea. We came back and they were in our room, pissing on our stuff.


That's unbelievably bad.


Even if she did, it has to be something not noticeable.


I'm closing, slowly.


Did you say how tall the rocks are?


And it hit him, right? So is it an automatic critical because it hit?


It was like eight in the morning-ish when we found that building, yeah?


You can take a couple of hit points, right?


That's true, there are like four elements. Means you're going to be sharing a lot. There's going to be a lot of overlap.


Starting to go into the entrance.


What are you doing? Stop it.


I think that escalated rather quickly.


(happy grunting noise)


We go straight into the wall!


Something you said. (laughs)


Bye! (groaning)


Look at those fingers fly.


Should we mist form it there? Can we do that?


Of course I can. The prison was more up here than in there.


Are any of the barkers talking about magic stuff?


Afterwards.


Should've seen the green.


Well, we're not heading north.


Oh, that's how you do it.


I'm probably not within five feet.


Yes. What is most dangerous here?


It's outside the book, and if the book was-- there's something in there.


But we need to ask about the guy that we came to ask about. So wrap up the god stuff.


I point at Percy and I go, "He did it!" Oh, I called him Percy! I think that's the first time I've done that!


On the necrotic damage.


Doty, take this down. As the group turned around, I knew I had them. (all laugh)


Fuck. Oh, but that's still good. 18.


No. He died because of the shirt! We have to get the shirt off of him! We have to get the shirt off!


There are things --


It still doesn't see us, right?


Yes! Yes, Scanlan!


Really close to his face.


I feel like it's human remains, I don't know.


If we leave from a mansion, I can teleport us back to a mansion with some pretty accurate-- it'd be the difference between the spa or the kitchen. But if it's gone, then it's gone. But then I could still bamf us back to Thar Amphala or whatever other city that we came out of.


Not anymore. You're saying it in front of all of us.


Wow, yeah. Cool.


Two days.


It's some game. Takes place in outer space.


Code names?


Just a halfling. Or a tiny halfling lady.


It means he gave it rum tongue.


Low.


What is your name? Panalanalam-- Pana--


Yeah, it might be too obvious.


That's true. That's all true.


Astronaut.


No, I'm able to affect its color and have it match. It still looks like a very smooth bubble that is 8-feet tall-- maybe not that big, but it can match the general color.


Exclusivity.


You just seem like such a charming gentleman.


When he does it I'm gonna go with him and fight him if I can.


Mine's 13.


No, I just woke up in a barrel, I don't even know what time it is--


Strip poker!


You don't get to say roll for it!


Oh my god. If you get crushed to death--


Go home.


Yep?


Half-elves are just, (gnawing noises).


I healed to 74, B-T-W.


Is he still tiny? He's still tiny.


I just forget. 11 points.


I would like to buy that please, thank you!


It's true.


West.


But I'm doing things that I want to do for me and my girl, and it's been rewarding and it's been fun, and that's all that matters at this point. I'm comfortable with the bastard that I've been, because I know that the man I am now is different. So I can't make everybody happy anymore, and I think that was my problem before. I was trying to make everyone happy, and that's not my goal anymore. I'm sorry if I hurt you. I'm sorry how I treated you when we first met, how I ogled you and flirted with you relentlessly. That was disrespectful. But what I'm most sorry for is that you met me then, and not now. And that's all I can say.


But it doesn't matter.


Well, I am not talking about right now.


This is spectacular! This is great! We have to let everybody know! Oh god, we have to let everybody know. And I grab her and we bolt out.


Are you from Draconia?


Yes, it was on Garmelie's list of things to avoid.


Sorry, cursed gun!


I'm in the kitchen.


I start kissing the gory mess in my hands all over her forehead.


I mean, I can do it.


I already like it. This is a beautiful glimmer in your eye. I'm excited.


For a thousand bucks?


We'll remember that. Let's go pick a fight with a house!


Yeah, I can handle both.


It's really reassuring when there's a question mark on the end of your statement.


I was crying.


It's like a tent.


(laughs) I'm gonna do it. Fuck it.


Before everyone else gets up, can I go find where Vax is sleeping?


We have a problem.


I made a stupid pun, and you tripped me and made me eat shit. Enjoy.


If we wait, it escapes.


Finale!


You've got Bane.


That's right. So, reducing our costs. We're getting better at this.


I'm, I'm, I have something to say to this.


In an effort not to go to jail, you went to the jail.


Castration.


Would it help anything?


He has the earring.


Nothing is impossible.


Maybe be an elemental and shove some shit in your ears.


Hang on a second, Garmelie. Huddle real quick. Why don't we send him home? He could die.


Just let it land flat. It's big.


He did it before. I’m ripping it off from Travis.


(normal volume) What?


Can I try something else like that again, or do I just get an attack?


Okay I'm rolling one of our Critical Role dice.


So you're burning your own spell slot.


Okay. 36.


They didn't make it out of the room, right? This is in the room that we're all in?


That's true. That spell lasts for ten minutes, the Locate Item spell.


Glad we decided to take a light-hearted game.


Pike and I burn all of our 4th level spell splots to do--


(angry cat noises)


12 gold. 116 platinum!


What is hiding in those corners, though?


They go. Yeah, and they can't stop. It's like, it would be really hard for them to stop.


Okay, it's still advantage, right?


Let's go, Scanlan.


Good job, Matthew.


Oh, I get another one?


Yeah, so we need to go to Berleben or we need to go to the swamp, come back here and then go.


And Grog will go.


Oh, I'm sorry, I am Coralin. Coralin Shorthalt.


No. They just want information. I'm out in the world at the ground level. People like us tend to have our fingers on the pulse of what's being said around the city sometimes. It's not necessarily something that a monk in full accolades can always accomplish.


We don't want them reporting back to people.


I will heal you another 2nd-level healing spell.


Campaign in 48 hours.


The big things we're leaving?


We're going, Keyleth.


Pike! I think Grog, um, I think he did his job.


That's terrible. (something clanks on the floor)


Can we put the box in the--?


Are you still in disguise?


Oh, now I can hear you.


It's just a manticore with Fanta as a head.


I could hold one.


It came at such a high speed. I wish it came so quickly.


Like a sister?


I saved your life. You should be really grateful.


And we go get you crowned! So we can wear our pretty dresses.


This fucking hat is magic! (laughter)


Yeah, so he gets to shake it off.


We could fashion a crude canoe and go down it.


The d20 ring?


I guess I'll be a whale. Or Trinket could be a whale!


So I'm at a zero.


Percy, your sketchbook.


Let's go take a peek, yes? We'll take a peek. Just wait a minute.


Maybe a drunk trying to talk to them in the front of the house or something.


I go have diarrhea in the chamber pot in my room.


How do you know if you're trained in arcana?


I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


Victory Pit!


She beat you to the wet dream?


Do you think I should?


Would I recognize this creature he's describing?


Ugh. Where is my thing? Hold on, sorry. (giggles)


Is he old and hard of hearing?


This is the best!


Because I know I don't like him.


By mount up, he means everybody walk next to the cart.


Who was here last night?


Shamalaka.


Did Ulog and Dolan know about your involvement with the Gentleman?


What if she does get the last one?


Copy. With still disadvantage?


What was the first hit that we took?


All right, so--


I like to read things and really understand.


Lionel. Please. Go back inside.


Okay, well, until you find a better one, that'll do. What's your pirate name?


Pike, eviscerate the bodies!


(singing) Ooh, I want to dance with somebody.


I tried to do okay, though. I think I did all right. Did I do okay, Caleb?


Yeah, it lasts ten minutes.


I put the Retort Pistol on the table. She used one of these devices.


Oh, we got to take off, we got to start moving.


Like the flower, the flower trick?


Can bards inspire themselves?


Yeah, Scaldseat.


de Rolo III.


Except I'm falling, because that was a concentration spell. Bigby's gone.


How many more things on that list, Tary?


Yeah, it gets hard. It's tar.


Tell him, nod yes. Once for yes and shake his head no.


Oh, a whole other set? There's another one?


Do it! Arm wrestle!


We don't know what the prizes are. But it will include my shirts.


Yeah, half-bubbles almost.


Just misses.


I'm not drinking mine. Here, Grog.


We're in the same exact place, you're not dead.


Wait. All of our guards, and our servants, as well. I don't want to leave everyone here.


So if we know that that's not happening, then we deal with the problem that is left behind. Which is: do we worry about your family's life, their safety? Are they safe here, or are they gonna be eaten alive?


