Well, if it wasn't damage-dealing, he's still there.


We did it with an earring. Sorry, you weren't on.


What makes you think it's magical?


Do not give her your money!


Is it lit in there?


Sorry, Vax. I didn't mean to, like, overstep there.


The Grand Poobah tour? Yes, you are.


Let's see if we can find a rise on one of these hills to camp on the top.


Are any of these-- (southern accent) Are any of these letters written by you?


We'll do that later.


Oh, your friend.


Well, that's good to know. It was only my second one!


Okay, but it's not familiar to me?


It says The Chronicles of Exandria  The Tale of Vox Machina. One.


Could I have shot him before I moved?


Does inspiration help negate? All three hit.


You saw a couple under the ice?


We released a ringtone (laughs).


Okay. That seems usable.


Do I feel you next to me?


I'm going to get a little closer to the one that's near Nott.


Ten years older than me.


Do I recognize this part of the passage?


Yeah, on the way there, too, I also turn to one of these guards and say, excuse me, could you point me where we are, right now, which way to the Nestled Nook from here. You've heard of this bookstore?


Yeah, no. He's just a love and (snoring).


He paid for that service?


I can do that one.


And then I’m going to come over my comm and just say, "Status report, where is everybody?" And that’s it.


Did he ever tell you about any details of this special assignment?


It's been one of the most emotional nights of my life.


I have to go through this thing. I'm going to fly the gloomstalker right up to this thing. Gloomstalker pulls into range and it makes two attacks on the undead Obakala.


Listen, Grog. I don't think it's very valuable.


And playing with someone who's not a crazy talented voice actor is still better than not playing, so find a DM and start a game. Start your first game.


That's what they tell me.


I don't know if it's the food you made or the fact that we're going to die tomorrow, but I want to kiss you. And I kiss her. For a while. Good night.


That's at advantage if my birdie is bothering him up close.


No, she has to tell us. Where're you going now? You just got here. We haven't even said hello!


So it's impossible to tell if it's the same one?


Rotary club.


Can I shoot the skeletons that are approaching?


Hey guys. Backblaze is a great service. (laughter)


Just inside of the rock collapse?


We gots to be immune, man.


(singing) I'll see you on the other side of the wall. (laughter)


We still have a keep.


36 subs away from another giveaway. All right.


You guys are gonna fuck in the treasury? Oh my god! (all laugh)


Right when she gets out, he throws his cloak over her.


Meet something?


Wait, into the cave-in, or the illusory wall?


Shit. (shouting) Lovely home you've got here!


I have a question about the bodies. Have you seen them?


And I'm gonna jump back ten feet again.


Yeah. You know if anything-- I've never really said this out loud before, but if anything you're more like a Schwester, a little sister to me.


Can I scry on it?


That was impressive. 15.


Keyleth is proud of herself because we've just killed our third, actually.


(frustrated) It's so ridiculous.


Inside a room. I don't know where I am. It's a nice-looking room.


I draw my blade, get it ready to rock, and inspire--


Oh! This is Yasha. Has she met Yasha?


It's 15.


That's a start.


Okay, all right, shit. Do you know how close it is?


I saw nothing that would clue me in as to what might be deeper and really big?


That's doable, yeah.


No, we're at the docks right now. We'll go to the Seafloor Bounty first.


Okay, so the regular damage is--


Yeah, talk to the guy and I'll talk to the slaves.


Somehow you wandered right back to it.


Less than five?


At this point I'm probably drunk.


We should keep going. Should we be more sneaky, or should we just walk?


(yells and groans)


(laughs) Yeah, and a high-five.


That was Fjord's other job.


I could cast Ice Storm, but that's a general malaise of middle-aged couples living in a neighborhood, becoming aware of their dead-end lives.


He definitely had a thing!


What the fuck is that sword, Grog?


I'm going to look at the torch over his right shoulder. (laughter)


We're pretty sure we have them, guys.


I count up.


I liked long-haired Sam.


I was having so much Treasure Island flashes. That's one of my favorite books, and it's like all of this is so good! All of it's so good!


I did. I rolled a natural one. It was great. He didn't want to come.


Do I still have the Immovable Rod from before?


Come at me, bro.


I Druidcraft a flower real quick and slip it to Scanlan to give to her.


Insight check. I've been holding out.


Wait. You're an engineer, aren't you?


I've thought about you all a lot, during this year, and I owe you all an apology for leaving you, and I don't know what I'll ever do to make it up to you.


We need to give the house the once-over. Make sure there is nobody left. We agreed to clear this house of everything.


One minute, baby.


I'm not good at math so I believe you.


I’ve never hit!


Doesn't matter on a natural crit fail.


All right, well, up we go, then, yeah?


I'm very mixed about this whole thing.


Who did this to him?


We're gonna collect kraken droppings.


And then I come here. You're not, you're the same.


That might be the worst one!


Are we satisfied?


Fuck. I'm gonna... it's useless, I can't do anything.


I pull the rope out from my sister's side and I start lassoing it-- fuck that-- throw it up to Percival.


I dip my arrows in holy oil. Three of them.


Yeah, Team Half-Elf. Yeah!


They're already open and empty.


If I see one or two people going in or out what do they look like?


For the eyeballs. Two plus seven is--


Negative two to everything.


Definitely a puzzle.


You picked a sailor, man.


Okay, hang on, hang on. That's true, she did send us after Kima, so what if they're both on the side that we don't--


(slurred) To Jim!


There are so many good pieces.


Yeah! Sing to it or something!


I don't mean to question to him, he just said a few things that raised a few hairs on the back of my spine.


It's so weak, it's so weak.


Because it's not good.


Let's not, well yes, there's, well.


We don't know! We haven't seen this thing.


Samurai?


Take it with us, take it with us.


We're not gonna live in a cemetery, that's super creepy.


He wants us. He wants us there.


How'd she come to you? She's a pretty young girl.


Nothing of value.


And then 16. 24 on the second, and I was wrong, add two more to the first shot because I forgot I was using my bracers.


Kitty.


It felt-- it didn't feel like a surprise. I don't know. It didn't feel good. I was hoping it would.


That is a 16 plus six, 22.


You will. Mark it on the map.


Is she lashed to it?


Oh, I thought it was like a grappling--


Why didn't you tell us that before?


Was she injured in any way?


No, I knew it, I knew it, it's going to heal him for all of his hit points.


Well, at the door?


Doty! Doty. I'm having a dream again. Doty? Oh boy. Ugh. Hello? You there, driver person! Hello?


But coffee and Wyrmwood are the two best things, so you're mixing the two best things. (yelling)


It's fine. You'll have him in between you and him.


You want it to be a lot, but not too much. (laughter)


No, no fire.


No, no, no, we'll take it. We'll take it. How much? For the four healing potions and the one greater?


Damn it, that was a good one.


Zahra and Kash?


Double move?!


Is everyone all right?


I grab the platinum pyramid and I put it in the Bag of Holding.


No, I'm--


We'll melt it down and sell it for raw gold.


Well, they might belong to Geek and Sundry, but.


Yeah, I help anyone else down.


It didn't come with us.


Which I don't know if I should have done that on this particular one. It was 17 to hit.


I lean on Vax a little bit.


One moment!


I go search the drawers.


I don't know. I don't read things like this.


Holy shit. I mean, there's motivated people in the world, and then there's this totally rocking motherfucker. He's of a single purpose. It's incredible.


Oh, but can I make her, like, fall? Probably not, because it's not my turn.


You're gonna be like an ACME cartoon and just leave a (pff)


Surf pro.


Can I insight check Simon to see how he's feeling?


Yeah, I'm sure it's going to fail. This is a wisdom? 18.


Just say, like, 50.


Items of medicine.


It's an axe.


Well. You know, religion is up to interpretation, so I interpret it that way.


Volcanic glass metal. Aha!


This part of town, death isn't the worst thing in the world. Lots of planes other than ours, might be you're a little bit closer than some of the rest of us are; we're underneath the mountain. You wouldn't happen to know about anyone performing any rituals or maybe opening up lines of communication that may have been made and disturbed?


All right. We ready to go?


At this point, can I tell anything about the muck from just boiling it to separate components? Trying to just see what's in there. I'm assuming it's probably just death-paste, it's just rot.


What is your intention for the people in this empire, this kingdom?


Including me.


Is Rissa still there?


I start climbing back up.


Parseltongue?


Well, I was going to say, does his sachet need a re-up of herbs? I thought you stuffed it with something.


Last shot.


Oh, that's nice. That's pretty.


I haven't hit anything in so long and I just want to stun something. I've had such bad luck the past two fights.


Yes, like literally the moment Pike was in the game.


"Vex'ahlia."


You can all come with me.


The broom and the two eagles at this point?


Yeah, a few weeks ago.


That's 24-- That's two additional damage die.


Bearded ladies.


Just say no.


I'm standing on the water holding my keg.


Little elf boy?


God, son of a bitch. He's looking at me, right?


Oh, he's going to see if he raged.


Through the tree, then?


Technically, my stealth would be 23.


All right, now at disadvantage, rolling in heavy plate.


I think it's in the Cloudtop District, actually.


How many of those things do you have?


And then doing what with them?


What do our bats sound like?


That's all you need is diamonds?


Motherfuck. I'm going to use a third.


(yelling) I don't like it!


To the docks!


I can do 10 by... sorry. If it’s 3 inches thick, I can do 10 foot by -


Clutching a hat.


I have a thing I'm thinking about.


(yells incoherently)


Okay. I'm going to hit him twice.


(laughs) Don't tell me what to do.


I look like like a dirty peasant right now.


I definitely start drawing that in my notebook.


Spirit Guardians would make some beings around us.


I silently signal to everyone, and I slowly stealth around the statue to check out the room.


He takes nine points of damage, by the way.


Instakill!


This is going to be angry.


While we're waiting, can I just say, why did we not think about branding? We should have coins, cards, you should be writing a big nine on a wall wherever we go! Like everywhere, just tagging it, just everywhere!


Guys, guys, look, look! Bring the torch over!


I'm on the ground?


Let's see how tough this guy is. Let me cast a quick Sacred Flame-- well, first I want to move into the room.


Wait until I can pull him away!


Ninjas!


I will keep an eye down the tunnel that they came from while they pillage.


It's been too long, are you kidding?


Or are we just going to leave them in the middle of the ocean?


Shat chat.


I'm going, too.


Gloom Stalkers. That is a great name.


Wipe the morning breakfast off of him before I send him on to school.


Okay. Maybe not the best reunion time.


Of course. Have you ever learned anything about the curse on your family? Have you seen that in books?


Yeah, we've got some time for that.


You can wait.


Vex! Vex, kick his ass!


(horrified wail)


She made a ramp, so we don’t need to do it.


Hello, sir. Do you have language? Can you speak?


He did not answer your question.


I got them all.


So watch out.


'Sup, asshole?


That gator got lucky.


Yeah, girl! Yeah!


A few experiences' worth. What would that run me?


How many do we all have? She has two.


I can't imagine it. I legitimately cannot imagine it.


This one, I am absorbing it. I will read it cover to cover.


Oh gosh, okay okay.


Your eyes are like blue crayons.


Dinner.


Bitte, a moment of your time, just to have a chat. You can keep swinging, but could you swing a little lower?


Yeah. Nott, always keep your crossbow loaded.


Oh, but with this crossbow, when I roll a natural 20, it shoots another one immediately.


All right. No, that's fine. I mean-- you know--


11 points.


Yes, yes, good morning.


Magic glove.


Hey friend.


Quickly.


At your service, Lord Cassandra.


Reginald. We're so sorry.


We're down to one.


That is incredibly specific and really useful. (laughter)


Beautiful. This is a 1d8.


Possibly, if no one else is behind that door.


Did you tell her the orb was inside of you?


Well, I'm using the dragon longsword, which I've never used before. It's a plus one sword, so I get what?


We won't tell her how much time has passed.


G'day sir.


To the house.


It's that cabbage smell.


Your greed is endearing.


Yeah, I'm looking him right in the eye as I do that, too.


Kill, Grog. Kill, Grog.


It's a recurring dream, very constant, and it has him very worried, if he's telling the truth.


Okay. I walk up to the guard.


I can't do nature, or anything like that?


You know, I have only ever heard music like that one time, and it wasn't here. It wasn't in this city, it was actually in Emon. What was his name? Dranzel. It was a musician named Dranzel-- this is a long shot, but you haven't come across a Dr. Dranzel in your travels? I've always wanted to hear him play again.


I'm going to use my Pearl of Power to cast my last remaining 3rd-level spell, and I'm going to cast Charm Person on the three of the guards that I can see.


Okay, I'll use Healing Word.


A slope.


Yeah. Where I am, is it straight up, or am I covered over here?


Con save? All right. Not big money. This is not. It's going to be more whammy than big money. That's a nine on a con save.


I'm a bit busy. I am making more ammo. I'm working on a few projects that have been rolling around in my head for quite some time now.


That was my level six spell.


We wrote their names down.


I know, I'm right at testicle height.


Fine leather. That's what your face feels like.


I'm gonna love him so much.


Yeah, Yasha will use her full movement to follow Avantika out of the bubble. The Bublé.


And Bigby's Hand.


What can you turn us into?


I'm so angry at everything right now.


Oh! Does it go through to the one on the other side behind her?


That is an amazing donation. Thank you so much.


Not dexterity. Constitution. I'm feeling a little weak.


Fucked me pretty hard. That's three. Can I use my mystical erudition to get an advantage on history checks?


Wait, are there other guards around me? I'm sorry.


Duh, Batman, we know, God.


Does it look like the buildings are teeny?


Wow, it's cool-looking! Oh shit, we're right by the baby.


It's scared of me. Yeah, that's right!


Go chase that.


She can't go with us.


Did we decide what we do about Raish--?


I will waltz in behind Grog.


Yeah. Can we look around and see if we spot Caleb and--


Well, what, what?


(coughing) Whoa!


What are you talking about? If it wants to be set free, fuck him, it's a wish. It's like a genie that wants out of a can, you don't grant it its wish, you get your fucking wish first.


I think we've learned our lesson, okay?


Ziggy stardust.


Goodbye, Pumats Sol.


Yeah, Vex'ahlia, could you come here?


Will you keep that handy, you know?


You said, "A Kingly Home"?


Who cares?


Oh, you know how it is. Some rocks don't sit right.


Caleb and Jester are six, Molly and Nott are both seven.


I signed no waiver.


Can you Dimension Door and then run with her?


Yeah. Maybe they're still living inside. Maybe it's like a Moby Dick situation.


No, that brings a lot of attention, chasing after a carriage.


Is he a piece on the board yet?


But we are being sneaky.


Ask him. I don't think he does.


Shh, Jester!


Your coat is all frayed and fucked up. What happened to your coat?


We do have his flag up, though.


That's not polite, Grog.


(tearfully) I have to erase it.


No better than you could have been. There's still a lot to come, you know.


I think you broke through.


Plane Shift?


It doesn’t really matter.


We found something!


And I'll stay floating.


He's going to kill us all!


Would you prefer to be a cloud?


Yeah, sure, make sure they don't try and run.


He deflects the bullet?!


What if we talk to Allura?


Oh, just my modifier?


I guess?


No, but do any of you guys?


Where's Larkin?


Can you go like that, and get a healing potion and (mumbled) go like that?


(knowing laugh)


Because you're the only fucking idiot stupid enough to do that!


They're not dead, they just left her.


An hour painting my dick? No, I'm going to need some privacy for that. (laughter)


Oh right! Well, there.


I think you should. And I think... you should get comfortable with Vax.


Hi! Oh my gosh. How are you?!


15. It failed. Ah. Well, great.


Nott, why don't you ask that big ogre by the door what her name is?


It feels like the triangle is down here.


I don't want to fight you, if that's what you're insinuating. Listen, I know that I've made mistakes in my life. I've admitted as much before, and I don't know why I'm this way. I must need to do a lot of soul-searching to come up with an answer, but there is a woman who I love very dearly and who I would do anything for, and I'm trying to be a better person. I haven't been to a whorehouse in months! That's a big step for me. A bit step. I know that sounds callous and crude, but I've tried to be a better person. If you're here to fight me, I'm afraid you're going to be terribly disappointed, because I will just let you kill me, if that's what it takes. I didn't know you existed, and my heart is breaking a hundred times now for not knowing it. Every year that you've been alive is a year I could have been a better person and known someone who could have made me a better person, and I'm only sorry that I didn't know it. If there's anything I can do for you from now on-- if you are truly my blood, I will, because among my many faults, ego is certainly one of them, and knowing you're part of me makes me love you even more. (laughter)


I don't know. I think you should put it--


I'll tell Uma to go collect the cart and horses from the--


I happen to have Hallucinatory Terrain right now.


Ooh, yeah! No, that sounds better.


I don't know. I don't know who that was. I've never heard the name Lucien before, or that other name. I've never heard of any of it.


Yeah, he really has. We need to rest.


Might be hard to lift him up.


Maybe he just likes getting hit.


Well, that's something.


I agree, I vote on going to investigate the cavern.


Hour of Honor, yeah. What's that about?


There's no hard feelings at all. I'm not dumping a load of shit on him and walking away.


What if Vandren had one and then she knew it and she killed Vandren. And now she's going to kill you and she's going to try to take your orb?


It was.


Can I use the bonus action to attack?


I've got a weird theory.


13, 30, and 17.


My sword is-- where is my sword?


I'm kind of concerned for your well-being. It's fine, I'm not that concerned. Eat whatever you want. I'll have bacon, some ham, whatever.


I want to look at the other rings she picked up, not that she's wearing right now.


You could. But I know these two.


She's an underwater banshee. For sure!


Oh! 20!


Let me finish the thought. You do that thing, you take your little doorway over, you do what you want to do, then poof, you are Tiffany. You walk off the boat, because Tiffany is busy.


That's also my favored.


I look at Pike, and with my bonus action, I will heal her. Healing Word, second level. I will sing to her, (singing) you're trying to kill a white dragon, just like the ones we used to kill. May your days be merry and bright, and I hope we all survive this fight. (speaking) Okay, so 2d4, right?


I don't think any of us have enough experience to help you.


Yeah. Here we go. (laughter)


Yes, yes, yes!


On the worm.


Okay. Do we wanna go straight for the tree now, or do we wanna like rest up before we do that?


I'd love to.


I wanna take it and bring it down to the ground and like--


Here we go, let's move this shit.


Should I go up and prep the boat?


Away from Clarota.


We tend to need you a lot.


If I know the location of any, so how many am I sensing?


Hand over a big pile of seashell jewelry.


Wow, we're just going to make this super obvious, huh? There are dragons flying overhead.


Now, you know, I never saw ducks again there, so, I don't know, but I'm confident they were real.


Percy, Arkhan, Pike.


Let me get out my copper wire.


I think the Boonzy Arts candle is going out.


It didn't catch fire.


It would be the most hilarious natural one-- eight.


Yes, asshole! Yes.


But you would be a fantastic ruler.


Not within like 50 feet.


Uh, that is a 39.


Yeah, I'm exhausted.


And  ow! I'm going to pull out the big gun and I'm going to take a nice heavy serious look at Kevdak. What am I going to hit him with? I'm going to take a sharpshooter shot in his face. I'm going to go for a headshot with the big gun.


This is so stupid.


All right. Split up?


Fucking open it. SAM; Open!


What about in the game, though?


Okay, so, he's going to get it. Right, here we go. Two plus eight is ten, plus--


Still alive. Everything's okay. It's all gold and silver.


Is that the DM's face, or the creature's?


Fucking belly flop into the water!


He's not free and clear.


We might as well.


Hey! Oi! Your stupid idea cut my hand!


Which is why I was thinking about having it cut down and melted down into something more useful.


Something to us about how when people die in this town. The guy you talked to at the bar?


Can I look at it? Can I touch it?


Yeah, but also why is there a dickbutt in my spellbook?


How much time do you need, Perce?


It's night. He's in black.


Keyleth just gets a nosebleed for no reason. She's not sure why.


I've got a map.


We destroyed two.


So I've still got some Spider Climb, so I'm going to grab one and lift up. All the fliers?


I hear you talking still. Yeah, Yasha and Molly, they'll remove your head for you. You understand?


Then if I can, I would push it with a little Mage Hand, with a little extra top spin on it.


Dinosphinx?


Can I go below where the steps are to hide? Behind the wall?


Well, he was, because he was starting a spell.


The breaking point is right beneath your chin! Who knew!


What is the sultan's name?


The ghost of a dinner you've already eaten, come back to haunt you.


Well, we can look like cultists.


Yeah. That's very close. It's good. It's always worth trying.


The Knickknacks of Kaa.


Artists, go!


Yeah. That sword is a pickle.


I'm going to make an insight check on Grog.


To not quite being the worst people. Cheers.


So one plus five plus three.


Really? Gold? This poor farmer?


There's nothing happening.


See how many wristbands you can get.


This is tense.


That would be plus five?


This is going to be fun. Yes. No, I meant you're late.


I would like to take just one gold coin right at the base of the head of what was formerly Rimefang for myself. I'll put it in a necklace when we all go back to town.


Okay. Well, Percy. That one didn't work. That's a natural one for the first. That's three arrows, though. The second one's good, that's a 25.


Actually, that works out perfectly for me. Then I'll jump down to behind that rock and I will de-mist behind that rock.


I'm going to crawl up to Fjord in the line at some point. Been keeping my eye out, getting the lay of the land and Jamedi is not quite alive.


Roll initiative for the summoned creatures as a group.


That's pretty good. 23.


2d4 + 2?


That goldfish wouldn't have remembered it very long either.


Terrible. I can't really do anything. You know what, I'll take out my last burning bolt, that should be magical, load it up and fire that.


I'm tossing a silver over, just for that.


We saw you praying and you had this crazy look in your eyes.


Cat's Grace is what, dexterity?


Stupid, stupid, stupid!


That's actually a really good deception. 21.


So anyway, I was working with him, and you always try and get more for our money, (haltingly) and I definitely got more for our-- more-- gave more money--


You all look fantastic. She's so cute as well. You're really lucky.


Six points of damage. (laughter)


Award show variant costume! (laughter)


This was a good way to go for your first.


I don't?


I bow, I back off properly. What are you feeding me in this cup? (laughter)


I believe it is all of our business.


Oh sure. Let's start early. Why not?


We are in Rexxentrum.


Why? It squirted poison!


Have I heard all of this conversation?


(laughs) Jesus.


Do you-- immensely.


Listen, I've never pushed you to talk about anything. If you don't feel comfortable, you don't owe any of us anything.


Photocopying!


You got something for that, right?


Was I eating cheese?


Give it to Tiberius. He'll try anything.


Well, fuck. No need to add it up.


Okay, I stand there at the ready with the point.


Seven over here as well.


Can we see the hooks from the crow's nest?


Do you mean that? Like, if we ever need you, can we hit you up?


Keg, if we find an alleyway to drop you out of sight of you suddenly appearing, can you walk around this town, or is that dangerous?


19 for the second.


Is it Ornna?


Cowards.


No long rest for you.


That's investigation check. What did you do? Six.


I'm taking all this in first person.


Can I inspire her retroactively?


Who has really good dexterity?


You all right, man?


I don't care about Avantika.


(strained) I want to keep it!


That was the most adorable diss in history. (all laugh)


Is there one specifically?


We? It was you, Pike.


(Capone voice) I want him dead. I want his family dead. I want his house burned to the ground!


Not any--


Lord Sutan.


Take the gnomes!


Fire in the hole!


Someone's got a really good one.


Just Percy.


What's the worst that could happen? Oh, never mind. That was rhetorical. Don't actually want to know what the worst that could happen would be.


Boots on, poof go the wings. I have two actions left. It's really hard to see. How far am I from skeletal minotaur?


What in the fuck is going on here? How is this happening?


(mediocre wookiee growl)


What should I ask? What should I ask that we don't already know?


Oh! I don't get it? It's six spell levels.


You didn't ask me to make the boots.


Every millimeter counts tonight.


I can't do shit while I'm casting a spell.


I'm next to the king, right? I'm near the king? Over there.


Also does that mean that his reaction has been burned by the legendary action? Is the legendary action a separate thing from--


Two! I got two. One more and I get a free sandwich. Is that 40 total?


Plus another five. That was another five burning damage.


If there was a universal sign of Vasselheim, a symbol of Vasselheim, or a sign to fight, what would it be? (laughter)


You found the right motley crew. (all laugh)


It's too late. He's no good any longer.


Let's ride?! (laughing)


He's been drinking since very early this morning.


No, I wanted to try out the hammer.


Fuck Molly!


That's way smarter that what we did.


I had that coming. That's fair.


Lovely. Well, Grog definitely came this way. As did the stitch monster, so you don't have much choice but to follow.


Vax. I've been drinking. I've not even been drinking, I've been pretend drinking.


Wait, what did you add? What did you add to him?


Radiant something, right?


Of course. You have tasked experts with this job.


It is the Traveler.


Nice. Very nice. So cool.


And it was the metric system!


Lord Greyspine, yes. Why have you summoned us here? Is it to tell us information about what just came out of your mine, I hope.


I'm taking over Gather Your Party on Friday nights now, and we're giving it a bit of a revamp. It's going to be a bit of a different vibe. It's going to be a little shorter. It's going to be fun. Our very first episode is going to be called Gather Your Goth, and we're going to be giving some of our friends goth makeovers and having a goth dance contest.


Crap.


Are you in the Maze of the Abyss?


Yeah, new character.


Put it-- middle of the star.


We'll leave Trinket, and then we'll try it again, and if Trinket's still here, we'll know.


I'll climb up onto where the rudder is.


If we break these crystals, this could help--


I'm going to kill the half-- no.


Okay, I'll go for them.


It's clearly a narwhal.


You're going to have to start doing pushups, then.


Yeah, stop posing for just a second.


Marry Poppins!


You're just not supposed to be seen coming back?


I think some swamp shoes might not be a terrible idea.


Oh, the zero? Cool. 19. 15. 16.


Yeah. I don't know. I want to keep Molly with us, though. With me.


Oh, can I not attack?


Percy, how are you feeling?


He's going to decide to turn over a new leaf, and--


This has been something on the tip of our tongue for weeks. Let it go. Whatever that thing is, it's fucked. Let it go!


Traveling back to the archmage, the ritual is completed and the phylactery destroyed in time, but not without some lingering necromancy branded within Grog. They are suddenly approached by the mysterious elf again, saying his master is unhappy with the broken contract, and he demands that either the debt be paid, or the party complete a more difficult contract in its place. The party accepts, and heads into the Shade Barrow, an ancient druid burial chamber that was purchased and renovated by an eccentric lord who made it his own tomb. Fighting the denizens of the barrow, they locate the tomb and the iron golem guarding it. Successfully defeating the golem, they tear the Arcane Cortex from its chest and return it to Drez to square their debt. After a bit of R and R, a clean-shaven dwarf named Grimthorne propositions the group to enter a nearby, underground fighting ring, even offering to represent them. The party agrees and, not surprisingly, manages to pull off a victory. With the holiday of Winter's Crest arriving, the town bustles with preparation for a festival, during which a strange blue crystal is delivered in the name of Archmage Eskil. This crystal suddenly detonates, freezing the entire populace of Westruun in ice-- though the party is protected by a sudden ally in the streets. In a last-ditch arcane effort, a mystic merchant named Noja manages to shield the group from harm. And where the crystal previously rested now stood a pale, nude woman of white hair and frail physique. She opens a portal and leaps through, the party giving chase into what seems like an icy, frozen world, chaotic and elemental in nature. They catch up to the woman, who then reveals her true self: a great white dragon. Weakened by her premature "rebirth", the party manages to defeat her, and upon returning to Westruun, discover its people released from their icy prison. With the archmage Eskil Ryndarien now on trial for the attack on Westruun, the party intercedes and proves his innocence. In thanks, Eskil uses his talents to investigate the source of the blue crystal, revealing the powerful society of thieves, known as the Clasp, responsible for its delivery. Vax, having previously been a member of the Clasp, knows the main headquarters lies within the capital city of Emon, and Vox Machina sets out for the west.


Oh, do you want me to inspire you or anything? Do you all need anything?


You're so helpful.


Hold up, before you go off--


That's six.


Could you possibly move this very large, very heavy boulder for us?


Are you afraid of geometry? I don't--


Oh yeah, I'm going to use my bonus action--


Taryon Darrington.


Yeah, they're really strong hits because I'm burning while I'm doing it. Literally whaling through the fire and just angry.


He also dropped a loaf, apparently.


A little bit further. There. That sounds good.


46 for the first.


23 thousand.


Still pretty low.


Then do I have any movement left?


Well, yeah, but I don't know how--


Yeah, looking back it is. You know what actually, hang on, stop. Do we have any ale on us? We should have a drink real fast.


She'll have another one.


Was that Delilah?


Captain, where are you headed en masse like this today?


I did. A total of 27.


The Plank King is cool.


Can I help her push off?


So I'm still hanging on him.


Yes, that's actually even better.


I have a heartbeat, a slow heartbeat, and meat.


We're staying over at the--


I'm just looking.


Would I know what level to spell--


They punish people for nicking things. I don't think we want to try to break in.


Did you say we have-- no, he has advantage.


It has been a long time, Yasha. Then maybe Nugget can go back and forth between us when we're away.


We have to have something to sweeten the pot.


It's very hard to know, though. It's dark in there.


I love that idea.


Forgive me, I couldn't help but wonder. Have you ever had a chance-- Pumat Prime, rather-- have you had a chance to exercise your arcane abilities?


Can I do anything else with it?


Wait. Nope, I lied. How many points?


Oh god, here we go.


If no one does anything else, I will send another Fireball 150 feet.


Happy stuff! Which, by the way, you're wearing your Dalen's Closet shirt, Matt, and it matches your eyeballs so beautifully.


In the eye.


Kashaw is possibly slower than a child.


And I'm going to run as fast as I can over to where I can see them hoarding the gold, because I want to see it.


I'm still trying to help!


Everything. More specific that I won't screw it up. Are there Twinkies? Are there any more large crocodile dudes living under the-- I don't know. Any more large things living under the swamp?


Yeah but I'm not going to do-- technically is my weapon magical?


Do I get to-- can I move if I attack, or is that it?


No, I'm not, stop it.


Cool. While they're killing Whitestone because we didn't take advantage of this moment, then we'll go to Draconia.


Because I always lie and bullshit.


She won't need six more shots.


Is 'penis' a bad word?


We can come back for her.


Yup. Nine.


So, that money that we're owed. Why don't we do that? I think we have time for that.


Trinket, go after it! Which way did it go?


Is it a stick?


I've got an earring?


How tall is the tower roughly?


Oh sorry. It takes four damage.


Yes, please, I'm fascinated.


Do I get advantage because they're helping?


Does it seem magical to you?


It would be 19.


Can I not see him?


But I'm not sassing!


(deep voice) Hey, shorty.


I promised Beauregard an owl for a week, so I can't have my cat back. Ten minutes later, there's an owl. Watch is over.


Cool. Yes, I think Grog really wants to go.


I want to kiss Percy before he goes. Don't die in this stupid temple.


My thingy?


Yes, he brought me this 20-sided dice.


Free.


(gasps) Well, it was fragments, so maybe it's only like five souls, completely?


I do the same. Adjust my mantle a bit. Another question. Do I have to wear this like all the time? It's a little unwieldy. It feels a little froufrou-y. Kind of ceremonial. It's just a little, feel like I'm going to trip on it.


Let's scry from the giant's cave outside the city.


It’s in the bag.


Yes. Your former pals.


(stuttering) Hello, everybody from the town.


I don't play.


We left an empty grave inside, it's got your name on it if you don't talk.


It's awkward; it's not something I'm comfortable talking with--


-- pour it onto the desk. Just a pile of gold.


Yeah, I feel like before port. We need a plan before port.


We need to press on.


Okay. Because I was going to also try something else, but I don't know if I can. I was also going to try to clasp my holy symbol and try to see if I can do Divine Intervention.


Well, no, half of the people hop on an eagle.


I'm not saying.


They eat you if you're little, you know.


Can you become an animal?


I look cool.


Do I have to attack? I do have to attack regular.


Good job, Mary!


I rage! (all laugh)


All right, bye guys.


Yeah, it regenerates after a long rest. I have to roll for it.


And it's over.


Did any of us hear it from the second floor?


You know, when she picked me up again, when you--


Presents for your friends!


Voice in my head. Brother. Twin.


Perhaps not. Perhaps this is destiny. I must tell you, I am very eager to see what this leads to. I haven't been entirely honest. [laughter] The item you seek does not lie on Vial Coa-- what the fuck was it called? Vide Cay. It does not reside there. I have it protected in an alternate dimension. I'll use Minor Image to show the sphere, and make it disappear.


Yeah. Hey, guys, that's your hangup, not mine. (laughter)


Look at his eyes.


Do you want me to put you down?


Rolled two dice.


I figure we want some drinks and food, yeah?


No, you're not the sound effects.


I can make you a modest spot to change?


Watch your step, man! Ah.


Nine. Oh, nope, never mind, yeah.


15 and 13.


You cast Heal on Percy last. That was the last thing you did.


Well, I don't know where he comes from. You think we all come from the same place? That was really inconsiderate.


Well, now you have it.


It's very heavy?


Resisted, so--


Light them up!


Never mind. They're very weird parents.


(whispers) Stick to the killing!


I'm going to pull the cloth out.


You don't have to-- okay.


Like Orlando.


We also probably need a few healing potions and such, and we'll probably have better luck somewhere else.


Oh, me? Oh. Why?


Is this like a-- do we wait here?


But we can't get outside of the 60-foot bubble.


The worst! It's the worst!


Cree?


Well worth it.


-- need that anymore.


Is he on fire, too?


Hmm, yeah, it's fine.


Motherfucker! She's going around us?


Well, I think this is a pilgrimage I have to take. So, Vox Machina, keep your eyes out. I will contact you every once in a while if I can, and we will meet up once this is completed. All in.


We're following the little surge of spectrals.


Thank you for being part of my little experiment.


Well, we’re tired, to be sure. I was not kidding before, we really are lucky to be alive. And that’s thanks in large part to a lot of the gear you outfitted us with the last time.


The barbarian is a human?


We are getting nowhere, super fast.


That's right. I'm not going to steal anything while I'm riding on it.


That's the first time you've helped another person, right?


For you, it is just Percival, and I am another visiting royal from man's world.


Might need some gut healing after those.


How much time do we have left?


He probably had the hots for you, Beau.


I presume that I'll play the role of your guard.


Why don't we kill it and take some meat? All right, let's just leave it.


No, 13 points of damage.


Don't look them in the eye? Or don't look at their face?


I'm going to hide around the corner and for my move, the rest of my movement.


Can I use my bonus action to spend a ki point and do patient defense?


Oh, that's my job!


I go, "Okay." And I hold my action until I wait for Scanlan. I wait for Scanlan.


Does that double the dice?


If you're with me, we can be prepared for them this time. We know enough to prepare ourselves, we can have ourselves ready this time.


Good job, man.


We're yelling out, Ripley!


Yeah! I'm the best person to do this.


I'm going to run towards--


I need help finding it. I need help! Be very careful.


Check out more on my website.


Okay, so nine.


Protocol droid.


He's into slicing us up.


Wow, two for two tonight.


I asked the question before I cast the spell. Is the hydra itself 20-foot radius? And I got a nod, so I figured my spell--


This is a great installation.


Are you pretending to have actually looked in the Player's Handbook for once?


Okay. All right, thank you.


That was an ambassador.


Jump!


Do the app.


I'm going to walk by the two twins, because I'm circling the tent, trying to get a look, and be like, I've absolutely been talking shit. You're both terrible. I give them both a kiss on the head and keep walking.


Do you have any spells? Like a Bless or anything?


Never mind, no. Nope.


Really, Percy?


Yes! This is where we would have dinner.


We have to figure out where you came from, 'cause you're in a pouch.


It's a nose ring!


How far away is the guard in front of him?


Yeah. I'm going to clutch my symbol of Sarenrae and I'm going to close my eyes and I'm going to see if anything happens.


I'm going to move behind Jester, and I'll just dodge as my action, there's not a lot I can do.


That was pretty cool.


Probably 13.


No hand action, no hand action.


The two of us could snipe something out.


I can do a peek?


I will make the check with your help, if that's okay.


I'm just wondering if I do any type of large magic, if it'll alert him. Hey, what happened to that skull that we got in Brimscythe's basement?


I didn't see el boogie down there so he could be upstairs or downstairs, is what I'm saying.


If I don't look, he'll go away!


I'm not sure what we're talking about anymore.


That's not true! I still say that some of the best information that you can get can be in the information that you don't find.


I certainly hope not.


Yeah. That is what I said that I was going to do.


Do I have cover? I thought I had cover, but okay.


Oh, that's part of it, yeah.


(high-pitched) Yeah!


There's like, a light. Yeah.


Oh my god, Jesus Christ almighty. 11 damage.


Oh, again with the crows.


He's broken. It's stealing all of his energy!


You have assistance. Roll with advantage.


Ooh! Or maybe ugh!


I really want to go see what's behind the waterfall, but I don't want to lose the boat.


Go like this, go  (trills)


Is that your woobie?


They have to be spells.


I'm going to pull when she gets up. I'm going to help her pull him out.


Up top.


I thought he said he wanted us to bring the expensive good shit, but we can keep whatever else.


Yes, it is!


Just know that there's poo involved.


No joke, though!


(stammering) I thought that was a...


Do I roll again?


Is there somewhere else that we could go to recuperate?


Caleb, or Fjord?


You know what, Fjord? I think Jester is a little jealous. Just throwing it out there.


Yeah, it's a 13 dexterity.


I have to what?


I don't think we've seen this.


I can't really do anything. Check it out, check it out.


I can handle that.


I'm okay with that. I, honestly I could use a bit of sleep at some point and I think moving in the correct direction, getting a bit of sleep somewhere safe...


Only some of it is vomit.


I can bird it. I can bird it and go in.


The volcano is underneath the ocean.


Ah, wait, is Little Elf Boy alive?


I have! No one's seen anyone come in or out of that factory, and yet it makes buttons every day! How do they do it?!


Was she a boy?


Congratulations, you guys!


It'll be our pleasure.


I go over and gather up all of his armor and start hugging it to myself.


Yeah. Will it seep into the room as well?


Well, good work.


I don't see anything here, Hilda's not here.


Still a failure.


Yeah, up there. Just put me up there. Yeah, there we go.


All right. Aw yeah. Two sixes, and that is plus nine, so that is 21.


Or four o'clock. Four o'clock.


And you don't fuck us, and we don't fuck you. Unless, like... you know...


They're going to go on doing the same thing they would have done with us or without us.


In a box.


She's an ogre.


Fuck yes, Jester!


So I can halve it now.


(yelling) Lame!


I step forward closer to him and I use Cutting Words.


Toya and Kylre share a tent, that's right. It would be Desmond.


I think ancient people would call it a holster as well.


And this is their first time watching live.


Yeah, and Tary.


Intimidation? Negative three?! How is that possible? 13.


To the stone, but one has to go on the dragon.


I can be on the roofs nearby along with Vex and Percy doing range.


I'll even go so far as to say good food for a month. I'm going to bake some shit. Fuck it. I also know that I can create food if I have to, so I can do a lot of, like, base--


But if you're actually interested, then it's not gross at all.


But it would only last one shot. Blow a hole in the side, then water would get out.


He's covered in how much ice?


2-week pre-order. And then unsigned for 3 weeks.


Right. Make it look real good. Right.


They. Are. Going. To. Die. [cheering]


Yeah, I think we're fine here, Trinket.


It's these damn ley lines. I knew there's been something up with these ley lines and I tried to talk to the Sun Tree about it and he didn't know.


Shoot, we're in Kraghammer, right?


None of this is a surprise.


I'm going to-- wait, Grog, where are you?


Matt's going to decide it.


Not a soul.


I'm not saying it's bad information, I'm just wondering who the key is.


He's protecting the cells.


If we could send Yasha a message, that would be better.


No, no, we'll burn out of it. We'll burn out of it.


I'm heading to wherever I saw the Briarwoods taking off whenever they were leaving.


Okay, 31.


Where exactly am I going to be sleeping, by the way? I can sleep down here, but it might be nice--


No one down here, but I don't know how far this thing goes, and I don't know how well it's guarded.


That is my action. As a bonus action, sorry, I'm learning this.


Just a normal athletics.


No one else has killed a dragon of this size. Not among us. Not among the Herd.


The Knickknacks of Kaa?! No, not the Knickknacks of Kaa!


Three months' worth of shows, like that!


I would like to stay near Pike if I can.


I just wanted to do that once! I'm sorry.


(singing) Autozone!


Do we get advantages on those or something?


Just traps.


Can I turn to one of those (clears throat) Scalebearers and ask if they've ever dealt with any umber-hulks in this region.


That's a natural 20. (cheering)


So you can just chime in and say, 'Fuck what I said, I'm going now'?


I can do double damage to structures.


I have no idea what turn is what.


I'll touch that book.


Anna?


I write a valet ticket really fast. Here you go! That's--


And kind of painful, probably.


A little hair of the dog?


Was he the halfling guy?


We'll get it back, it's okay.


And some doughnuts.


Carry on.


But you don't know what did it?


That's within range, right?


And I take my three points of damage.


To consume?


Disrupting communications is a great tactic.


All right, I'll stick with Wall of Stone, which I know I can do. Make a hydra pyramid!


Keeping an eye out for anything visible that I can shoot at.


To leave the inn?


That's what I planned on doing, is waiting out that conversation. I in no way want to interrupt it.


I chase after them too.


Aw. How do we do that in here?


Are you still in the water?


Are you sure there's no more useful information we can get from this man?


Oh, well. Yeah. We got what we wanted, which is access to the city.


Oh. Oh! I'm going to take it.


What did-- what?


We're good?


Wait, do they feel pain?


Oh, that's lucky.


I'm worried about what that might do. I don't know. This is obviously an older temple than they're giving it credit for, which means there's probably things here that are older than snakes.


(harshly) I give you my word.


Does it seem to be fairly natural weather for this time of year? Okay.


Ooh, that hits, that's a good one.


Yeah, I'll stand up. I'm going to back into the corner.


Black pepper.


Murghol.


I can put Hallucinatory Terrain over it, that'll last a bit, but not long enough to make it worthwhile.


On my tiny little nubby legs.


They're probably getting down to Odell at this point. We should hurry!


Well, that's precisely why I want into this library.


There's no other entrance.


Hey, man.


It is, I can just lean forward.


Well, this has been exciting.


No. Oh, I'm right up against it? I'm going to use disengage and back up further back by my sister. Is that Vex and Keyleth?


In those action movies, when there's one guy who goes away for a while, he comes back at the end and saves the day. If we did that--


It's the stuff they serve at the German Christmas markets. There's pastry and mulled wine everywhere.


He could cost us everything.


If everyone's all right with that.


Don't play it that way, what were you saying?


Yeah, a hit point or two.


I was with you the whole time.


I’m assuming they’re dead.


Sure. I'll go up to one and say, hello there, big fellow.


Are they pointy-top iron bars?


I don't know how much I have left.


Fucking old.


I just stare at her.


I don't hear anything, you guys. I think it's fine!


I forgot about that. Where'd my face go?!


Probably a good idea. Should I check the Bag of Holding now?


What if we don't want to be any younger?


While they're doing all that, I want to stroll outside and see if there's crownsguard outside, or what. I'm just going to get a breath of fresh air and see what's on the street outside of this place.


Thank you. I'll start working on it. I'm going to disarm trap three.


Can I cast Frightful Presence?


And that's my turn.


I stand up using half my movement and start slashing at it like nobody's business.


She's got one hand. How's that going to be useful?


Tell us your plan.


Yeah, I mean, there's a few places that I didn't get to see in my sight-seeing roundabout, didn't get to hit everything. Now that I've slept on it, I've had a change of heart. It's a nice town.


So they're probably heading back home.


Hey! There's my good roll!


So guys, enjoy the game.


Matt told me I have thieves' tools! Dick. 27. 27 dexterity.


Does that give me advantage?


Is that it? Ay!


If Caleb's in, I'm in.


I want to cast Hunter's Mark on the shiny one that he hexed, as well.


(quietly) Incredible.


He healed us. Yes, I'm fine! I'm fine.


"That's not cool."


Come on, you guys.


Myriad.


If it's two weeks, the ship is yours.


1d8 plus-- two points of damage. One plus one.


Yeah, but we have to cave it in, and they're going to see.


Eldritch Blast for me, yeah.


How long have you been in the Empire?


25 total.


Use your words, Keyleth. Talk.


No. Well, kind of. Not really. No.


Well, I'll go with you.


We may be going to get the skull back.


I fear that he may be in contact with something inappropriate.


Tchotchkes.


We were chasing him down a hall.


I offered it up, but by that time it had turned into a slimy--


That can move. Here we go.


He didn't build this thing, and I'm worried about who did. He didn't build this thing.


I had, in the night I had gone to find Jarett.


Is it super cold where I dropped off the hide? Like is it below ground?


He says, as we walk in the room.


Nope. I've got to pop out.


Bad experience with coffins.


If we can try and figure out a way to set up our operation on the edge of the forest so that we're not in the middle of a field, in the open--


Ooh, that is good.


We gotta get the archfey out of the tree.


I'm going to take this sword and I'm going to leave the Deathwalker's Ward on, that can't come off anymore, and the circlet, so the boots are up for borrowing and the Displacer Cloak is up for borrowing. Displacer Cloak makes you very hard to hit.


We can fly in death from above.


Danke.


Wait, check it out and then? Your door is stationary, though, right?


I never did a single thing in this fight.


You've kept the house in order. Good job, thank you.


Nice. Good, good, good.


Keyleth wants to get down on the grass that she hurt, and I want to cast Druidcraft and heal it, and talk to the grass, and be like: It wasn't personal. I hope you know you were not the intended target, you just happened to be caught in the fray. It's okay. Don't be mad.


Did I catch a glimpse of what the figure looks like?


Yeah, I'm going to kill it. I don't know if it's going to work or not.


Yeah, sorry Keyleth, your ears aren't large enough.


We're not sure yet.


What are you going to do about the flying creatures?


Is Zahra still in the Slayer's Take, or has she left?


To wake us up?


Yeah, I'm going to look real hard. We're a thousand feet up.


You mentioned just now that you wanted your money back. Was this a dream? Did you pay somebody? And with what?


Oh come on, we're never even-- we've not even walked in yet.


Oh. I was going off that, okay. All right, so what am I making at the--


I've accepted that people are going to die. I've accepted that. I do not condone sending people to their slaughter when we don't have a goddamn plan.


I was warned about you and money. I won't listen to that. But I will try to act casual. I will just take off my gigantic, diamond-encrusted helmet. Let my hair down.


And we keep them safe. We are playing defense.


The Umber Dungeon?


(heavy breathing)


I don't like being unarmed anymore. And darts.


Wait, so who’s where outside?


And you can advise--


Monster Manual.


All right. Eyes on the prize.


Jester, I know we have to move, and it's not our thing, can we roughly check the stairwell for traps?


Ah, she Beorn-ed it!


I come up for lunch. Keyleth, can I borrow you for a-- what in good god?!


They may know where we want to go, though.


What does it say at the bottom there?


It's up to me.


You can do non-lethal damage to him.


Look, Percy, it's Draconic.


As I'm probably getting farther away, I say Kiki, stay underground, please. And keep going.


Yeah. I can't un-make it.


Is it just us against one person?


By the way, I shut the lead cover on the box. Let's put it back in.


That's not really our problem.


No, what?


Splots! Do all of our spell splots! To cast Freedom of Movement on anybody. With the exception of Percy, who already has it.


Come on, 20.


Can we control the direction that we move?


I'm going to-- Is everybody outside?


Matt, Matt!


Gilmore's?


(whispering) It's like spiders.


Yeah, that's probably true.


Spoilers!


Oh right, okay. So can I walk back to the fork?


Kima. I... just wanted to apologize.


Do I know?


(gasp) Is he hitting on you?


Big head, big eyes, small body.


Yeah I just wanted to, I talked about this last week. I'll probably talk about it next week, but I wanted to encourage you guys if you haven't already to go over to Joe Madureira's Kickstarter for their Battle Chasers game, Battle Chasers: Nightwar. Joe's a friend of mine; he's a comic book legend, and is also a game developer and artist, and I'm just a big fan, and so they're a friend of the show, a lot of us here are in love with Joe-- physically, not his art, just him himself. He's a handsome man.


It's fine, Yasha. After all, I have an empty vial with his saliva in it, so we have that too.


Do you want to do two groups?


Oh yeah, we have some announcements.


If you don't use a turn signal, if you have a vanity plate, you go to hell. (laughter)


Slap that bitch!


(quiet yell) Yeah.


No, never again.


She took something from the satchel. I stomp back to the rest of the group. (laughter)


I mean, yeah.


I have 375 grams.


As a player of Far Cry 4, it was amazing. I have higher expectations for 5.


I pet him and say  Good doggy.


Ooh, that's a big old thing!


I leave and turn around where Vex and Vax are.


I'm going to get his attention, peace out. I'm going to Misty Step.


I feel like when we talk to the Myriad fellow, we have lost our bargaining position at this point, because we did what he asked. But if we hide the mouth of the cave from him, then we have information that he needs, like where did it go, how do you get in, that kind of thing. I was also hoping maybe dear Pike could leave some sort of a trap, again as just an insurance policy.


Well, ideally, because as per the rules of Tree Stride, I may use, I instantly know the location of all other trees of the same kind and as part of my movement I can pass into any other trees of my choice of that same kind.


I'm also going to put something on the table here: we're trying to save Vasselheim, but we're also trying to save the world. We might not be able to do this without recharging before Vasselheim.


For a very small amount of time.


So we can either run or loot. What should we do?


That's a good way to start.


Would I have known anything about what that thing was?


Because he's fucking evil.


He's actually still here.


No, because it doesn't matter. It's there anyway.


Then what?


Gefülten. Yes, I speak Celestial. (laughs)


Just spinning in place (confused screams). (laughter)


Can I grab Scanlan?


I am unconscious, but! I use my relentless rage.


How about safety for your life because we'll be having your back and whatnot?


I forgot how to play D&D! Everything looks good! (screams) Uh-oh!


Grog, I'm curious how tied you feel to the ways of your people now, or if you do. Do you feel the need, yourself, to face him on your own, or would you be amenable, would you be friendly to the idea of my sister and I softening him up for a moment, and then letting you have at it? What do you want to do here?


Right, but that's still happening? That spell is for an hour? Okay.


I mean on the internet! I mean from people being pissed at me. On the internet.


Unless I made it fall--


Not shit, apparently.


You know, I actually think that maybe not giving them the idea in the first place might be a better-- well, yeah, I think the big deal will be when we finally do find a little money, making sure it spreads around a bit.


Total of 19.


Here's a cardboard box, please put all your things in it.


Well, then let's descend slowly and quietly? Is that what we're doing?


We know the Starosta here.


You'll help us arrange our own passage-- We have a way out of this material plane, we just need to make sure that we're-- Is there anything in the prison that would not allow us to leave under our own power?


Yeah. (counting) 14. Plus Fury of the Small, 17 points. (cheering)


Why would we free it?


I've heard that. It's a glandular condition. (laughter)


Okay. They're d4's, right?


Oh. I see.


That's still a marriage.


I know, it's awesome.


Was trying to ignore it. Now I'm failing.


To new hands.


Yes. I haven't seen him in quite some time. I don't know what any of this means, but I'm not a fan of losing track of time like that.


Definitely hits. Any of us.


He's from Dias-where?


I mean, right on the desk, right? We should put it right there.


You guys rock!


A three, so ten.


Close.


It probably can see in the dark.


As Vex is saying this, Tiberius is getting a half-chub.


Oh yeah, you can do that!


You know, I've never seen anyone actually swing from a chandelier. I just thought it was a metaphor.


What do we have to bring back?


Anybody feel like they need to--


Yeah, good luck.


Gloves of Missile Snaring!


Yeah, they might not believe we'd be here, but they also might try to--


We look like miscellaneous vampirey things, right?


Ooh. You might not want to go that way. There's a lot of guards blocking the entrance into the Empire.


Just so fucking cool. Thanks for the note.


Mine's been rocking. I don't know what your problem is.


Baby, baby creatures!


That's true. Maybe they had information for us.


I walk up and try to help Keyleth out of the water.


So my blessing, from Pelor.


(louder) Enon turned into a zombie! (whispering) And was killed.


(laughs) Yeah!


Ulog. No, Ulog, why don't we stay? They can plan it. Let's just fucking stay.


Look, we can know, just like I know about your shit, we can know about Fjord's shit, and we can just keep that on the down low, right? I'm interested in knowing about people's shit, not exposing it.


It could if you wanted it to.


No, I'm standing!


See? Rocks! I told you!


What is the plan? We're in the Feywild, where there's werewolves and pixies.


Quick question, friends  So we kind of started a war, am I right?


Lots of gifts, then?


Well, that was my third, not my fourth.


And Tary.


Here, you can cast Friends on me, I'll tell you everything you want to know.


So we take off for the Debt's Respite.


I'm covered in blood!


Can you do that again, Kiri?


Oh. I've been invited on the field trip, guys!


Whoa! The devil?


Pile of undead goo.


It'll be explained later.


Nine? Okay.


I'll do that. I'll say, it's been lovely having this time with you in private, but our seven minutes in heaven are up. I need you to leave. I will do the Ring of the Ram at full strength and push him out of his own ring. If it works. That's a one. But I'm feeling Lucky. That's a three. Can I feel really Lucky?


Don't worry, it's a 14.


Pass that piece of paper over here.


Just a full body weight (thudding). With advantage? Can I consider it a two-handed attack?


Are the gloomstalkers undead?


Okay, actually, I like that the best.


So then that's an attack, okay.


Mr. Clay, I apologize. That was a good plan. It was so easy!


It's alive? Oh, wow!


Or like Gilmore.


If we can tunnel under the wall and then come up in a building.


It's you? Am I doing this?


Shut up. (laughs)


Come on, Doodee.


We polymorph Trinket!


That was an interesting word, yeah, that just brought the whole thing.


Oh! Or that.


Finger mustache.


Okay, so it's 25.


On our side or their side?


I remembered, Matthew.


Oh, you're scary. She's so cute.


12. 12 I count.


Insight check!


I'll turn to the rest of the crew and be like, just do whatever, she-- he?-- she says.


Tell me you were singing that in your car on the way home from work.


Seven spell slots later.


11, and then I'm gonna hit him again. And that's a 23.


(gasps) Oh, no.


It could've been that, I'm not sure.


And I prepare--


(poof) Alarm.


We all have our own things, right? I'm sure you have your own thing.


That's not--


How do I-- what? Do I show it around or--?


In the middle of the field you hear  Ooh, look at that! What do I see?


Where's the cake?


Right as it begins.


I'm just saying, we could leave this fucker here, go mix some peanut butter and ice cream, everybody's happy!


Dinner was great.


I don't have that ability.


So does he do the bite attack, or does he do the claw attack?


He has my mind.


We can't stay the night.


But we had them on the run!


We have a bucket of tar! Part one of our plan is complete.


Okay, so I get six points back from that. I am going to move towards Fjord and crouch behind the table.


Reckless.15.


If it's not an aberration--


No bonus actions?


You can kill him.


To the de Rolos.


Way to be energy-conscious with those LEDs!


Not too long ago. Very recent. Right before I met up with Jester.


When you're performing, you have to have specific moves.


I have blackmail material on you, motherfucker.


Quarantine the house?


If I take one shot, can I hold my second shot until an event? Can I time my second shot?


You can't be too cocky.


Well don't we send a lot of them down the hole. We didn't get their ears. So bad job.


Well, I wanted to-- before she started ushering us out-- to Invoke Duplicity. And make it look like I was in front her but really stay behind.


So we can do that a little amount of time.


I threw one dagger and two wooden stakes.


Outstanding. Watch me roll a six.


Well I got down, but most of it was still frozen.


Okay. I'm going to shoot some arrows at him.


Like the three rules of Fight Club.


Okay. Anybody else? Lights out for anyone else?


Oh right, okay. First attack. 19.


I'd love to see your technique.


It's medieval times, everybody drinks.


Miss the Percy mega-initiative?


Anything to make you more comfortable, man.


Are you concerned about the people that live in this town? Clock's ticking on their lives and you want me to go get a steed from another stable instead of saving their lives?


I can, actually. Yeah.


Cricket's initiative is sadly 30.


Hang on, it's refreshing! You should've given us warning!


Oh my god. Imagine if it was his legs. How would he even walk?


Yes! I'm not looking at you, by the way.


And even if they do go back to their plane, they may not be able to in there, they may wither and actually die. I just wanted to put that on the table.


Oh. Oh, yes. I hereby present to you a lodestone that I got at the bottom of the sea.


Which one was that, I don't know. (laughter)


Come on! (exclamation of surprise)


She's working for us.


You must know all about that!


We came to a land of evil without--


Did you ask about the fruit?


I love you so much. You give so much. (laughter)


One pat of just (growling noise).


Can you try to look at its chest? It has a little blue glimmer in it. Climb down and look and see if you can--


While she's doing that, I'm going to fly through Pike a few times.


I mean, I guess I can look around and take a guess.


When are you up?


So ten feet. That's all right. I'm going to keep moving away. I'm going to use all my movement to get away from him and go away from his butt. I should have a bonus action that I can use. The rest of my movement, plus dash.


"I am trying to reach a young lady named Astrid, no last name given, who was a--"


It's not at disadvantage, because it's melee, right?


Attacking before it goes.


5,000?


Come on, lollipop.


You can ask the group, but I have a feeling that Vax and Thorbir aren't going to want to take a full rest down here.


It's like a group mass suicide at this point.


Oh, yeah yeah yeah! Can she heal me instead?


I can shrink or grow us by a foot, change our general appearance and clothing.


All right. Are we going up?


Did he leave anything?


I just, (coughs, sniffs) I can't stop (coughs) coughing. (coughs) I'm fine.


She's an earth elemental, or she can do earthy things.


I think were quite an amazing person--


Oh my god. We're going to lose all our money on Grog. No we're not.


(slamming noise)


Do you have any ginger ale, or fresh milk?


(pow pow pow)


I use my sigil there. I got it set up there.


One more. Okay! 22!


I'll let him come to me.


Perhaps let's try this somewhere that is not a basement filled with chemicals.


Yeah, okay, let's do different ones. Okay, so first one, I'll definitely take advantage, so, since I have advantage-- not that much better-- 14. The first one.


Too easy. Too easy!


That's a what?


We should probably look for an inn or something, right?


It was a different Beau. I'm going to start folding my little pieces of paper into little trifolds.


Don't know, the old lady said that.


Ooh. That actually sounds really good.


I was about to say, the guard is there.


You could refinance!


I would like to rage! And I would like to move to the right of all those stinking goblins!


Shall we retire for the night?


Let's tie him up! Quick tie him up!


Turn into an imp.


One is for Pike, the other across the hallway is for Kaylie, just in case she ever drops by.


Bubble gum.


All right. I'm going to do luck. Yeah. That's a 22.


I'm good for now.


We're sleeping.


I won't touch. I will just look.


Who said that? You wanted to do something, right?


Wait, one last thing. What is this statue that you tried to steal from me?


He's so wise!


We need a fourth hand!


I think your math is off.


(slurring) Why're you talking? Just (shushes).


Well, we are in a bit of a bind. We are members of a traveling group of adventurers known as Vox Machina. We recently helped defeat the Chroma Conclave.


Cool.


Thank you, Google.


Yes? Some of those. There's also a machine called a pulley where you can apply force and it will amplify it with a wheel and a string.


On the roof or top of the structure, are there any holes or anything?


Didn't I get these Bracers of Defense from you?


I mean yes, if you turn evil and bond with Rikatoa.


Scanlan, you can do so much!


We all need sleep sometimes, hon.


So how do you feel your tour has gone so far? Are you feeling educated, enthused?


I'll pull open the door.


You can use your bonus action to throw me the gun!


There was a night. There was a night early on, a few weeks after I left you. It was just me and Kaylie by a campfire, and she was asking me about myself and my life, and she has this thing. I don't know if it's a spell or a special ability, but she can always tell when I'm lying. She's the only one. And I was trying to spin some sort of bullshit to her about my past, and she called me on it, and said, the truth. Let me hear it. And I told her everything. I told her about all the lives I had ruined, and about the women, and about all the other Kaylies out there that I know of, and the ones that I can only assume exist. And everything. And she spat at me, and she gave me this scar with her knife, and she left. And I thought that was it. I had ruined it. But before dawn, she came back, and she unrolled her bedding, and she went to sleep, and woke up the next morning, and said, what's for breakfast, Dad? And I realized that I've been wrong, that you don't leave your shit behind and keep going. You take it with you, and the ones you surround yourself with better get used to the smell. And she stayed with me despite all my flaws. And when I left you all, it was the first time that I had realized that you were all really flawed people. Really flawed people. And I left. And I did not come back. And I was wrong, because family sticks around even if you kind of hate the other person. And I didn't. I betrayed you. And I've lived with that shame for a year.


We are looking for a merchant warrior. Outside of you, do you know of any very powerful merchants?


No, but we killed one with Zahra. We killed a white dragon.


What's your style?


Fuck, this is a bad roll.


Since he brought me over, what do I make of the same?


Yeah, but I mean, we're fine. Let's do it.


Well, not one-of-a-kind.


That's good to know.


They're upstairs! Let's go! Ulog, they're not upstairs.


All right, shall we keep on keeping on?


The Broad Barn.


What's in the fucking potion, Matt?


Except, we didn't account for--


Can I go for a trip?


(laughing) Amazing! Oh my god!


Because he got a roll. Thanks, Taliesin. Thanks, Obama.


Oh, yeah. Yes.


No, right.


Oh, Blessing of the Trickster, sure. On you.


We could steal the crossbow. We don't have to do the mission at all.


It also means that if something goes horribly wrong, you can run downstairs and hide.


I would like to say that I was into breaking my friends’ hearts before it was cool. (all laugh)


Look at our DM.


It's going to be slightly slurry, but at this point at least I'm English again. We have the next several weeks we were going to attempt to free the populace from their new lord and master. But in order to do that we are here on a mission. We're searching for something. We're searching for a one-eyed merchant warrior, and a cloak.


He takes 15 damage and he's prone.


Without, so I'm at 33.


For everyone paying attention, I have three 1st-level spells left, no 2nd-level spells, two 3rd, one 4th, and then an 8th and a 9th. And that's it.


Wyrmwood!


Super fast.


I got a natural 20. Using Luck.


This is Sting, from Lord of the Rings.


We're loco.


Yeah, yeah. It's a bit of a sensitive subject. (clears throat) I think my Uncle Kevdak has 'em.


Yeah, it's not working, it's not great, so, nope.


Unless you want to try the wheel first?


(yells) We're going to be eels! That's what I said at first!


We fade in on a teenager's room. Knock, knock, knock.


You just dabbed to him.


We all saw that, right?


Aes Adon? But he's actually the Meat Man.


(swooning) He said Shakäste.


I mean, the horses are all named after--


It's meant to be secret.


Okay, can we start moving to the right? Will we be able to see a clear divide between the two left and right passages?


I take the warhammer, activate it and run up towards the walls and swing as hard as I can into one of the walls.


Wow, that was a layer of questions.


Wait. First, I Polymorph Trinket into a squirrel.


The other is okay. 15.


Which crystal?


Hey! What happened in there?


It might've been me.


Those people you just addressed.


Why are you going in?


(alarmed stuttering)


Oh my god. I hate this so much.


And they took that guy. For whatever. And in exchange for your life, I have this, and they are allowed to call on me when they want. So, I know that we've run in and out a couple of times, but we're going in. You can talk my fucking ear off in a moment, all right? Just shut up for a second. We are going to go in and try to form some sort of alliance or working partnership, this is different than running in, smashing some shit and running out, all right? So keep the cloak up, hang back, don't say a lot, and you can talk my ear off later.


Can I have Trinket step on my lower back, please?


Border patrol's there and they're checking every wagon.


That happened at the last show we went to.


Trees that won't take it personal.


Ashley, I think it might be in our text chain between you and me.


Ja. 22.


Just fall asleep again. Back to sleep.


Make all kinds of rolls.


Well, we just-- so we fought off the wyverns.


Oh, thank you. Nugget, it's me. Poof!


I make everything weird, Matt.


The "Rod Bawn"?


I mean, Tary, Grog is about as smart as a golden retriever and he does great.


It's not good to arm wrestle 30 minutes after eating a caramel apple.


There has been no time.


Thank you so much, it would mean so much to me. I've never met a hat I didn't like.


Immediately?


At dawn, we plan!


That's a lot of guards.


How much damage did that give?


And I'm going to back away from the window to where he doesn't have visual on me.


It's inscripted. It's got my title on the inside.


And shitting black diarrhea out of the tree.


Okay, because it's touch. I don't actually have to put any--


One last question. How secure are these carts, or do they just trust that nobody's going to get out of the hog tie?


Okay, but I want Vax to have the feast, as well, so--


I know it's a surprise attack, I just don't have any ranged weapons or anything. I can go up and hit him.


This is Trixie!


Don't die anyone, don't die. I thought I could bring you back. Why do I have that stupid spell prepared if I can't even use it?


Okay, go ahead.


At work or on the go.


He's got giant balls, as well.


Jester. Jokes are great until they get you killed, man. She's joking.


Oh fuck, even if I rolled a ten, I couldn't do anything. I rolled a three.


Chain of Dope.


Would you like to speak to his manager?


That was a clusterfuck. That was amazing. You're all terrible people.


It's happening. There's nothing you can do to stop this anymore. Embrace the inevitable.


So we sneak forward. Trinket's going back into his necklace. It's too dangerous, buddy.


Anyone who's dead, or just one dead person?


I write, a sphincter says what.


Checks, no. Saves and attacks.


To be fair, have we ever gone back for something before, ever, in our entire travels?


Thousands, even.


No problem. I'll get it down.


And they're out of stock.


Then I'm going to attack it. Can I attack it from where I am?


There's a few that have crawled their way up.


Beast mode?


Thanks for the Death Ward. (laughs)


Most of the time I'm trying to. People don't pay attention to beggars so much.


Yeah, are we doing this? Tomorrow morning, we're heading out to hell.


Scanlan, what are you going to do? You going to pop this thing out and then hop in the mansion?


I can?!


Do I make my way back to quarters before sun-up? I don't know if I want to stay the entire evening there.


But I can cast it at a 2nd-level if I have a 2nd-level left?


I do this and say, you wouldn't hit a guy with glasses, would you?


Before you beat this poor senseless cow--


Eight plus seven is 15, 16, 17. Plus Hunter's Mark.


What? You're not gonna kill me?


He can go invisible. We'll just take a peek.


Yeah! What are you grinning at, goblin?


A mimic! Couldn't I turn into a mimic that could be a door? Or a mantle?


Back when we first made these characters, I remember you saying that.


That way you know we did it timely and we can get that bonus part.


Is Desmond off to Whitestone?


Currently, 16.


Yeah, I mean--


Grog is full juicing.


Okay, that jogged my memory a little bit, I sort of remember.


But we don't have any spells.


That felt so good. That's catharsis.


Uh. (pause) I create water in my hands.


Can I use my Mask of Many Faces to cast Disguise Self on myself?


I point at Molly. He did it.


Mythcarver! You used Mythcarver to pull a Little Rascals!


Or yourself.


Sorry. Sorry, Terrah is the Earth Ashari.


Sure. The scorpion rides on the turtle's back...


I'm Sharpshooter, man.


We should take advantage of the daytime. Out the windows as we did before?


Do you know who rules Ank'Harel now?


For two more rounds.


Couple quick things, guys, or I could just sit here and talk for a good ten minutes, make you guys wait before we come back to the bombshell that was dropped. I'm just going to keep going. We are 15 away from doing a giveaway, if we hit that 15 we will be doing that giveaway at the very end of this stream, right whenever Matt says that's it. We will open up the chat for everyone and do that giveaway. I also want to say for all the people wondering what in the world was the No Survivors thing, Snakes on a Plane number one was this last Monday, and it's up on the website right now if you guys are curious and want to check it out, it's probably the funniest thing we've ever done on this channel, and I don't say that lightly. But we're doing Snakes on a Plane 2 this coming Monday, so thanks, guys.


No fear, remember.


Fjord can't throw.


It's very hollow sustenance, I'm really hungry now.


Could you also do one of those to Tary?


Ja, there were some people in cages, but I did not get a good look at them through my spider's eyes.


Yeah, that came out of nowhere. You got a lot better at that. Okay. So, I don't know, where do we start? Well, I guess we meet back up with the others.


Stubbed your toe, big guy?


Want to do a distraction now?


Taliesin, I feel like most of the time you don't know what you're going to be talking about.


Sorry. Would you mind helping this fellow out and giving him a little love?


That'll just be 30 feet, and I'm not running, I'm walking.


It was you.


Can we shoot him with an arrow as he sinks into the ground?


Charisma check? Well, something I wanted to do before we got there, was going to do it maybe in an alley, but you tell me, is I would like to cast Disguise Self on myself. Presumably gone into an alleyway so no one sees me doing this in the middle of the road. I take the form of a man in very fancy green robes, beautiful blond hair, very handsome man, with a vomit stain down the front of my clothes.


No. Something with a little bit of heft to it.


I feel like we should get word out to somebody, though, because--


Professor Thaddeus?


Did he have a family? What was his mother's name? (all laugh)


Your heart?


I'm still not feeling well.


Either way.


That's not going to hit. Eight.


We can all do it. Let's do it together.


I'm going to draw witches in my sketchbook.


Is there any sort of way you can close us in and make it look like it's a single-story dwelling?


All girls like flowers.


I was going to sit here and watch you roll them.


Yeah, let's kill them.


Who's the next in command when Caleb's not around? [cheering]


Hey, did you get that armor back?


I thought we were trying to capture him.


Odd vowel sounds in your weird language. Okay! Key-leth.


I thought you just said I had advantage!


You don't get any of your magical belongings back! I want it.


What are we doing in here? We have to go back to the office!


Never fucking mind. Balls, all kind of balls around here right now. The first attack is 25.


Me, too. It's hideous.


We go out front.


I sent you lots of messages, Yasha.


And I have third levels left.


We're laughing at ourselves. We haven't thought of this guy in 72 years!


I don't want to kill him by suffocating.


You fucking badass.


Come on. Mock him.


Oh, I'll be really there. That's right. That's right. Yes. We're going to make it work.


Well, we're not going anywhere in here. Who wants to come with?


Can I walk out the front door?


I say we just let it go.


If I move straight?


If you would also like some food, I'm sure they'd be willing to--


Yes I do. Oh, it's a thing! I'm stuck here. Oh god.


No, sadly we can't.


(laughs) Not that one! Not that part. That's pact two.


Did he teach you how to sing to affect people's minds?


What do you find out?


Who's the one who's back there?


No, what about us? How are we feeling?


Are you talking to the Traveler right now?


We are just going to have to-- Yes, I am a member. Did you hear how I got in? It is really a fascinating story.


Like a skydiving team?


That sword better be the most amazing sword.


That is a bastard die right there.


Whoa, what happened?


They won't leave.


I like you. Do you want to hang with us for a while?


Yes, we wish Pike was here.


I'm pulling a mask off the wall. This is a beautiful piece. Do you make them yourself?


Well, gang. I don't feel like we should say the name of the thing that we want, in case she doesn't know what it is?


I wouldn't have skinned you, that was just a joke in the beginning.


Yep. Screw your courage to the sticking-place.


Go get the shinies before Nott.


Sneak attack.


Are you arcane?


They have other balls, right?


Again, again!


Okay. If they were flying, how fast could they get there, potentially?


Is it movable?


Did you have a thing, Zac?


I'm kind of sick of it; it's the same booze over and over again. I'm sorry-- I love you baby, I love you, but it's getting to be a little bit-- ugh. It's like if you eat Rice Krispies every day--


Is that lipstick on your face, Vax?


I feel like the two of you never like the same person.


So it's like Australia?


I'm just going to follow in before we send you off into this.


I love toys. I love socks. I love shirts. I love posters. I love collectibles. I love pins. I love boxes. And I love deals. And you can get all of those things in combination if you get a subscription to Loot Crate. If you use lootcrate.com/-- that's a forward slash-- CriticalRole, you will be instantly shown a showcase of all the Loot Crate offerings. And you'll get three, not one, not two, a little less than four, but $3 off a monthly subscription.


Have fun melting in (trails off) acid-- and they're gone.


Plurals all around.


(quietly) I think we should go down!


You look like that two year old that got into the face paint. "How do I look, daddy?"


Go have fun. Maybe you get another button or two from a grumpy person.


Yes, sure. I, too, am dying for the Laura Bailey one-shot, but she has a baby or something. So we're going to wait a little bit longer, but it's coming. I don't want to give away too much, but I'll tell you who's playing. We have La La, Sam, and Travis will be part of the game. And we are bringing in friends TJ Storm--


Yes, sounds good.


I'll leave it on Scanlan. Can I take a secondary hit on him after the fact, since I was unaware of the rules?


Or to the--


So we have to go beyond it.


All right. Bye, Vax.


Any animal?


On the ground? Just on the ground?


We'll dance a bit.


Holy shit, Grog.


Guy went into the water.


Oh, fucking balls. Fuck balls. (laughter)


Take the wrapper off! That's weird! [break]


From a tabletop promo giveaway, and we'll have all these guys sign a poster and include that with shipping. If you're wondering why you should sub this channel, it helps keep shows like this, and we have a lot of other programming like a live comic book show, cosplay show. We have live music every Friday night. It's a good time. So you should sub. And I guess let's cut to the break.


He only can hear the cat, but he can feel you, so poke him if you feel--


That is the greatest thing I've ever heard. Locate Pants. I would like to scry upon the pants. The pantalones.


Pat your hair, pat your hair, pat your hair, pat your hair.


My worst nightmare!


Listen, missy. I am a leader of this, and the fact that you pulled out a spell and did not say-- and it is just-- it's just not even the way I want to conduct my team. So. You. If you're going to use underhanded tactics you need to clear them with me first because I am the leader.


Sure. This is easy. We're all going to die.


So someone you would find at Venice Beach.


Is there enough of us? Trinket, in the necklace. Quick!


High? Okay, and wide?


(sighs) I don't give a shit what the fates have to say.


This is real D&D.


No. It's okay.


Oh, crap. It's all right. It'll make me look really wise, you guys. Nobody will know.


I feel like a terrible person, I think. It's just a great word, that's all.


I don't know, because you're half water person?


No, no, no. Okay, okay, okay.


I mean, that seems like a perfectly reasonable explanation for me.


Is his eyesight still trained on Grog?


Are they in breach, or just me?


Pike! Pretty good, right?


Got any more of you coming?


My question is, does it matter, at the moment?


I'm going to go down and let the crew know that everything seems to be copacetic upstairs.


Brunch.


Can I attack him?


I don't know if you have to attune to it, but I'm going.


That was with disadvantage?


That's not what I expected.


Full disclosure  I have no athletic ability. That went as well as I expected it to.


And I use my inspiring leader feat. (laughter)


He's gonna rest. And he's going to keep protecting Scanlan, because--


We do follow, yes.


We've faced way more terrifying things than a few albeit creepy men in robes.


We couldn't even kill the stupid little snake guy, how are we going to kill a hydra?!


Oh! Thank you! That clears that up! (all laugh)


Take me a while to pack.


So instead of just two people, why don't we do all three? If there are two doors, and the skylight, why don't we have three teams so he has to pick which one he looks at?


All right. It's your last chance. Give us something useful? And we'll end this painlessly. Don't, and we'll make you suffer.


This is revenge for all the times Dagon bit us.


He's a really good fighter.


I'll take it. That's a plus, that's a positive.


I would like to know what that means?


My magic what?


No! I don't know.


Well, you could do it for at least an hour, so that's good.


It's possible that we need to burn something afresh.


More friendship?


I've never been there because it's hard to get there and it's not someplace I would want to go alone.


Oh. Well then, I didn't hit the first one.


Vex broke the carpet.


Sharpshooter.


The feast gives us advantage on all initiative checks, right?


Did you add your intelligence bonus?


I have heard of it.


That's 21 to hit.


Like Mysterious Ball. The Mysterious Ball.


Can I grab the flying carpet out of the Bag of Holding before you take off?


Total of 18, so (firing noises).


9 points of damage.


I can't help but feel like I'm being watched right now. Never mind, forget I said anything. I can't help but feel like there's something else, there's something more to this that you're not telling us. And I didn't really think of anything until we were having that fight where Tiberius brutally murdered that old woman.


Well, should we go to some of your favorite places first?


(gasps) You can get them. They're on ThinkGeek I think.


Okay, Keyleth, okay.


Look at him!


Which one of us? What was that?


That was for everybody.


(screaming) Get the fuck out of here!


Yeah. It's art imitating life.


As soon as I sit down, I'm going to pull out my sketchbook and draw the moon and the shadow card that Molly showed me.


Oh no, Beau! I'm just not going to stand near you, okay?


We were going to go along the north way, right?


It makes its saving throw?


Oh, he had a quill, didn't he?


Did you catch that? He just turned himself into a dwarf.


The werewolves were honorable. These guys are assholes.


I love it so much. After two years, obviously there's so much more of an attachment to it, but I just love it. I love it so much.


It's in my blood.


No, that doesn't work, does it? That's seven.


So it's like this and then the little baby thing at the bottom?


Kerrion?


I know you did.


Oh wait, I think I read this wrong. (all laugh)


Don't hit him, don't hit him!


(laughs) Fuck off. I was there in spirit.


If you're ready, take a seat on the rail and I'll hop up and put my butt out towards the sea.


We are inside this fortress.


And how we can fight what we might face.


Again I hate to ask personal questions but--


They are very sexy. And they have magnets in them to keep your dice protected when they're in your other bags. Your Bag of Holding.


Okay, so then I'll stay by the edge of the bridge, you go back. Scanlan, go ahead, I'll wait for you here, if there's trouble.


Volley that shit.


Just with my staff, right?


Well, I get-- Yes, I get advantage, but you can't triple up on advantage I believe? (loud bang offscreen)


No, fuck that! We are not shopping! I'll quit! I'll leave.


I think that the surprise that he's expecting to bring to the city, possibly, especially with the information you brought, is that he would try and raise this creature and use it against the city.


I'm going to be close to Grog, too.


Take the hammer. That's rough on him. Leave his armor on.


(similar accent) Critter, it's a Critter shirt.


Oh, wait. No, we knew Fassbender was gone. Never mind.


Is that her pops? Her pops?


I'm going right.


Horses saved our lives, guys.


What did you find?


(gasps) That's awesome.


(sarcastically) Happily.


Can I make a nature check to see if that's true?


Oh! We do.


Okay, so they're all big. They're all bigs.


I would be cheering for you if I wasn't drowning at this very moment.


And it's ten?


I have a question. So I rolled to get my health back and I got more hit points than I had before--


Do they like arts and culture in the Dwendalian Empire?


Yeah, we'll do a bit of that.


The hyenas.


(sighs) I need that helmet, Doty! My helm, please.


The hag?


Go. Lead the way.


(stammers) Well, it's just weird. It's just weird. It's been so long. It's a lot of build-up, and then it's going to be over.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Singorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn’t last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (dragon roaring) With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life’s challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn’t enough, (ringing weapons SFX) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Doctor Whom.


Still reeling.


When you hold, does bonus action carry over?


Yeah, gets his license on the second try. (laughter)


Okay, let's take it easy.


Oh, I dunno, I never look that far ahead. It keeps disappointment low.


Meanwhile, I take every gold piece I have in a little sack, plus 20 silver, which is exactly 150, and I am out of money.


Because you're not wise.


I definitely would recommend everybody not use their real names. That's something I should've pointed out earlier. Nothing here is using its real name.


If you stick around, I'm going to be helping every-- I'm doing a thing.


Okay. I'm going to move my duplicate outside of the tentacles, close to the shitty guy that I was fighting before.


Eight. Eight for Percy.


Trinket could be Polymorphed into something else big, like a flying eagle of some sort. And actually be useful.


Yeah, I don't know if I was quite outside yet. I think Beau and I maybe switch places, if that's okay.


I'm a Targaryen, baby. (laughter)


(whispers) No, but she does.


I take out the Alchemy Jug and I say, fresh water.


Oh, thank you. Thank you.


She can go right back, you can send her right back.


And I'll take another shot with Bad News.


Okay. I can do ten ten-foot by ten-foot panels, so I want to be a semicircle block off, bring up a whole wall of stone behind them.


Hey, I'm at the back.


We're going to recycle all those papers, right?


Don't kill people in cities! Don't kill people!


I do. There is an updated tour.


I'll explain what's happening to the horses so that they move appropriately.


Did you happen to see where they came from?


But you know what I mean? Even prior to finding out that news, I mean seeing her mother. I'm saying for the entire evening here, even before that.


I'm going to throw a Lightning Bolt spell into my Ioun Stone.


Part of me wants to-- oh god. Part of me wants to turn around and go back with you to Whitestone and forget that the Darringtons exist, but I don't think I can't do that. I am a Darrington and I owe it at least to my name to try and fix what I can.


Someone is informing on us.


Am I rolling, too, since I'm half-out?


You think if we find him, kill him, and leave his body on some sort of public display, it would sow some seeds of rebellion?


I mean, do I get to add my Jack of All Trades?


To Marquet?


Medieval Sephora.


I might be able to try and do something, if I can go first.


I'm actually going to throw the gem, then, past the stone giant, into the room. Just a little bit so that anything in the room--


The five-point exploding palm technique.


I got it in the wyvern fight.


That was so much fun!


Oh, it's fine, I can--


We're going to have an introductory period. You stay for two weeks and then we give you your money.


You can pass them around. Share them, show them.


I'm sure I don't have to. It's like people who chew their nails, I guess.


Of what?


You said yesterday that-- you were a horse first and then you said you could only do it one more time or a certain number of times, correct?


Maybe she doesn't see you. Maybe she's talking to the gloomstalker.


Matt, you do amazing, every week you do amazing and we're all going to die.


I'm stealthing to the side.


Okay, okay. (laughter)


Motherfuck. Well, I come back down. It went under water, whatever it was. Does that mean it was big enough to be some sort of sea monster? Was it a sea monster?


Not as good.


Yeah, he said it's fruit. It's fine. You can eat it, too. You're right, Grog. You were right! Eat the fruit! Let's go! Come on.


It kind of was.


Well, I mean it'll take some time, I'm sure.


No, that's rushing water, that's not--


Well, it's going to take time, I think. I'm surprisingly okay with it. I'm just happy he's back.


(shouting) Percy, no!


That's what I've heard.


But what if it goes out of Pike and into her?


We should probably concentrate for just a minute. I'm gonna turn back, just so I can shout out, we should all follow-- you know how to get there, right, Lionel?


Bunch of cups! Bunch of plates of gristle and meat and boar and fat.


Everybody, or just her?


-- thing, where you have to prove yourself sexually and in battle, or-- how does that work?


I go into a rage, and I come in, and I turn to the right, and I run up as close as I can to Jared--


Oh, man. Come on, I really want to be on it! Come on, man. Let us get on, man.


They couldn't be worse. And then Yasha Yasha'd. I don't know. Did Toya see anything? Did she say anything?


But if I only aimed at the hydra and didn't aim at the snake guy, that roll would have gone to the hydra. Never mind.


Yes, you are.


Come on Nefertiti, let's see what you got. [cheering]


Do you need any type of water, or anything we can immediately assist you with?


We, look, we have a body over this bear! Let us through to Uriel; he's been looking for this man. Super important.


You can go on my back.


No, shit. I'll find it. Don't worry, come back to me.


Okay, but are you able to-- I don't understand your people's ways, but are you able to help her the way you helped Beauregard earlier?


We look forward to seeing you on our return.


All right. I run up.


You know, this is our first time on these islands and I don't know much about it at all. Is there any legal system here? Do you know what I mean? Or is it just, you know-- (gunshots)


You speak of pride, of listening to reason. Might be smart to listen to reason in this instance as well. That dragon is ancient and very large. It's quite possible he'll wipe out all of us, the town included. It might be smart to swallow our pride for the day and prepare. Come back when we have preparations made and we can take the dragon down.


Can you bring that third trammel back? You get to ask your god for something awesome.


I'm eating so much sugar, compulsively, out of nerves.


Yeah. Oh, yeah.


Thank you, Petco!


You have to roll for Trinket.


He is cruel and painful.


Oh, and then times two.


It was a face card, though.


Molly!


Oh glorious Rimefang, we have an offering for you!


Three and a three.


Oh my god, we have the mansion!


I will, as a bonus action, cast Sanctuary. Am I within 30 feet of any of my friends?


Bad News or Pepperbox?


Oh that's just a dexterity check?


In a chair and we're going to bind her.


But it might in a second, because I'm going to run behind that tree.


With our...


We can still see your weenie! I can see it!


I didn't know we had a whole army at our disposal. That's wonderful to hear.


All of us? Free for all?


First, I'm going to take a swing at the big guy.


I would have given Grog the trammel, dude!


Three gold for you. I've got one gold left.


Please, please, please.


The theater!


(yelling) Wait, who wanted who?


Vex. How much gold do we have at the moment?


Yes, of course it is! Okay, eight plus seven is 15 plus two for bracers, so that's 17 times two is 34.


And what sort of forces does he have?


Ooh! Do they make my hickies go away?


Don't worry about it, we'll get to that later.


How do we know that's the one that he's in?


How do we do earth?


- asking price on that?


Oh. It is a very good drawing.


I have a spell that I took this morning that will cure poison, but I don't have anything that protects from poison today.


I mean, I could do some Druidcraft but that's minor. Growing a gazebo out of vines, that's Plant Growth. I guess I could do Plant Growth fairly instantly, without the full-- because it's a one or the other kind of a thing.


You've got your javelin tied up.


I see him vomit, and I'm like, you and me both, buddy. (all laugh)


Yeah. Astrolabe? You know those big rotating things you can put in the year and the month in the calendar.


(robot voice) Greetings, humans of the year 2017! I am Sentient Advertising Mechanoid 5000 and I am from the future! Sent from the Planet Lootcrateopia to ensure you simple humans choose the correct time path. After the Water War of 2018, the Oilpocalypse of 2019, and the Oprah Winfrey Rebellion of 2020, your world was plunged into a hellscape that lasted 2000 years. (Sam voice) There's more. (Robot voice) Until the just and tolerant overlords of Fortune 500 company Loot Crate, in their altruistic wisdom, united the factions and brought peace to all by sending every human a Loot Crate. The gesture worked, and all other Fortune 500 companies: Apple, Kroger, the evil warmongers of Johnson & Johnson-- (laughter)


Oh, okay. Thought it was some sort of power move.


Troop presence about the same?


Can I use Cutting Words to reduce the attack?


I have advantage also, against--


Since Sarenrae is still standing there, I want to say to her-- shit.


It sticks. It's like fucking flypaper.


Like a pseudodragon.


Can you talk to it from here, Keyleth?


Nothing can go wrong. This is a great idea.


Nationwide, yeah.


I'm going to get a little-- Oh, can I do this? No, I can't do that. Fuck. I know, I'm so sorry. I should have my shit together. How far (counting)? Oh god, that's too far to walk. I'm going to try and get one little crevice. Actually, I'm going to hold my position. I'm so sorry.


I'll go in as well.


I feel like every dice is betraying me.


It's a couple flights up, though, you said?


Okay. So, I just start scraping it into the stone with the Keen Dagger.


I have to wait six seconds. All right.


Oh right, two attacks. 13?


Oh shit, oh wait, his legs are tied up--


That's fine. That's a good start.


(imitating Liam's accent) Bengal cat.


It's magical, it'll fit you.


Whoo! Still got it, baby! And I run back to my room and go to bed.


It's now "Jenga, one one-thousand, two one-thousand, three one-thousand, four one-thousand, five one-thousand, six one-thousand, seven one-thousand, eight one-thousand, nine one-thousand, ten."


I've never tried hookah before.


No, I don't know what you're talking about, Tary.


Like at least this many.


We just hear (bat sounds).


Vague words of encouragement! (all laugh)


Man, what a great scene between husband and wife.


What else could be in here?


Elegant.


I dream about our characters.


Yeah, Marvel enemy.


No, we're coming back soon because we're going into the Feywild.


I believe it's 2700 gold pieces?


Right. As we're walking through to make it to Jester's mom's place, any familiar faces catching eyes?


I'm with Zahra. Seems like something scary is probably burrowing down there. We'll probably just have to avoid it tomorrow.


What? What do you mean? She went where?


Good stunt work, Tiberius.


So many whispers!


He is. It is.


Which one? We found a lot of relics.


Is it the four ladies in a room?


And I awkwardly bow out and say  See you in two days, oh mighty brain fixer.


Upon delivery to the place.


For a hot second?


No. I wish. Yeah, I'm going to try to climb up.


Can I ask one quick question before we go? Regardless of what happens, if there is something shitty in here or not, are we camping here afterward?


How tall is the tunnel?


(singing) Oh my god, my brother's a lich. He's such a lich.


We are short one, you know.


I'm going to carry it on a stick.


Is this Scanlan?


Where did Shakäste go?


Can we do that? How high is that roll again?


Spell attack, right?


So, one problem is-- We're still coming in--


Or walk up through the inside.


Look, I'm trying to wingman you here right now.


I want to fly down and help Percy investigate. If there's time.


Towards the way your hand is going.


Oh, bullshit, you tried to talk me out of it.


I think we should call out to the werewolves.


Violent shot?


You told us that you would have men there to help us, and there was nothing. We almost died.


It's what I do when I'm thinking. I had a little snack pouch.


Uvenda, the heart of the tides. What can I expect of this Uvenda? Uvenda.


Holy shit. That changes everything!


I won't speak for anybody in the group, but I'm not taking his life. So, if someone feels motivated, I'll just walk over this way. And I start walking back the way we came.


You're Patient Defense-ing, right? You're fine.


Horris, we're going to get you out of the city as soon as possible. Is there a destination you wanted to send him to, or point him in the right direction?


(deadpan) Ohh.


Does he have a name?


All right. Let's go. We go up to the front door. Where are y’all going?


(whispering) I would love to, but I don't know where you are.


Oh, yeah! Fuck yeah, I'll do it and try to get everybody in that cone. Sorry, guys.


Nice. Do I gain any temporary intelligence?


I'm already jumping in the air, so I'm gonna go.


I don't want to talk about it for a little more time.


(slurs) I just can't believe Percy actually used the Scrying Eye. I so didn't anticipate him actually getting it able to work. I thought I was one of the only ones in the group that can make it work, and now he can make it work.


And two gold?


I'm a half-orc, sitting here in beat-up leathers. Have a big scar across my face.


He has emotional problems.


It's maybe a little bit for you, but also for a friend. For-- I'm not good at this, does someone want to?


Oh, yes?


She's not going to die, she's not going to die.


Let's not be petty, Percy.


Abyssal? Draconic?


As a plan B. And I take him by the shoulders. You remember that little talk we had about a week ago, when you told--


I say, You haven't been quite bad, yourself. And then we go to Whitestone.


Okay, we have a direction, are we ready?


-- 17 other companies.


It would probably kill the dragon.


Maybe they can deep fry it.


He wasn't very proud.


Well, I usually don't. It's just to protect her. It is a white lie.


So we can all Fly?


We didn't really think about how we were getting up the tower, did we?


They seem real jovial-like.


Can I take one of my glass vials that I have and try to get some acid and put it up on the ceiling?


Double rats!


Do you have plans on the morrow? I would love to give you a tour of the city.


No, I took it. That's all.


Can I go into a paralyzed rage?


Did I make it clear that I was trying to do this to Sam and not Tary? (all laugh)


Going for the throat.


So we're now going to go into a house with bad things coming out of it. And we don't know what these bad things are. What did we agree to, Percy? Percy, what did we agree to?


It's rare. It's a rare delicacy.


You were out that late?


The story looks dark.


What was the code again?


Well, I'm fine, so while everybody is--


Nope, I'll come over here.


Is the Broker holding anything? Is he, is he using a weapon?


Oh my god, this is awful.


So I roll the d20 to see if I hit?


I'm going to pull hard on the reins, see if I can get it out of the--


Your dead tea? What is a dead tea?


Oh, it's like Hunter's Mark.


I'm going to hold my action until Grog is healed.


Remember, we thought it might be connected?


I poof a little globule of light in my hand and motion to Beauregard from far away and go--


I grab him by the cloak. What is it? What is it?


Potentially soon. We're working on it. There's some really cool stuff coming. Really cool stuff.


Ask him to put it back on!


It's a 1.


Ah, damn it. All right, forget it.


Or you can use it.


So talented. You killed people and stuff.


Traps, people hiding, anything that seems out of place or dangerous.


The biggest one's a bit--


