Wooshed!


You could use my room.


So it's manufactured.


I'm slowly, ever so slowly beginning to like you, so please don't fuck it up.


These lenses, I'm assuming they're regular lenses? I don't know, they can still be blinded, right?


I can't do it!


All 3 or everybody else?


Oh, it is. I'm sorry, I was thinking, because it's a cantrip-- you're right.


I will use it to grapple.


I can't find our Overlord song.


Here's my question.


Yeah. Heal Scanlan.


She disappeared. Where is she?


I'm going to go speak to Uriel and see if I can tell him what just happened.


Am I a good friend?


Has everything been all right, by the way? This seems like a lot of commotion.


Context. Context is key.


I will shave both of your heads.


Jesus Christ. 16.


Ulog, you didn't find anything. I found a trap.


Sea smells different today. Might just be the charred boat and-- Oh, no. Bisaft.


Did you turn it back into coal?


I'm sitting on the carpet right now.


Got some nuts on you there.


I don't want to hurt your throat, you know.


Unfortunately.


Actually, we were just upstairs and it would really help us if we could, perhaps, expedite the process. Perhaps there's an arrangement we could come to if she could see the Lawmaster now.


Jester, do you think people who live in Hupperdook are called Dookies?


So 11.


I'm just going to do what I was going to do originally which is I'm going to do a level three Guiding Bolt.


(Gandalf voice) You shall not pass!


Kashaw. Is Kashaw around?


It's okay. There are options.


I just never want to earn your trust.


That was awesome. Doubling the dice, that's eight plus four, which is 12, plus another dice, that's two.


No, with advantage.


I turn to Mollymauk and say  I got three gold on Thed.


I am trying to find Shaun Gilmore.


Tary Jumbo, do you have a most dangerous conquest in that book? That Dotty has.


In a row, in a row.


I'll drop my form and throw the scale in front of her. It's done. There's your fucking dragon.


I'm not going to look at him.


We could also just take them out for a drink and get their guard down.


Yeah, I do. I have one. And I pour him a little bit from the keg. Hey, do you have like, a wife, kids, attachments? Anyone that would miss you?


Figuring it all out.


We don't have a few minutes.


Do we win?!


All right, so we get him nice and tied up, right?


I mean, we could Stone Shape it and I could like Stone Shape it and bury it somewhere in our Keep.


All right, so I go in the room.


Hello. Hello.


Maybe you have to get somewhere really quiet, because the first time I heard the Traveler it was super duper quiet.


That's it? What a nice, sweet man!


The cover of bush?


Just so we don't mistake the actor for the character.


You've just got to carry the jug, and as long as we stick our head in the jug every time we need to breathe-- you're a genius! You're a genius! I will say that seven more times. We'll space them out.


One day, he found out about what I was doing after I'd already gotten in trouble for, you know, a little bit of mild extortion, and a little bit of trading, little bit of trafficking. So I think he was already pretty irritated with me. Then he found out about my smuggling scheme with his wine. One day, he called me down into the living room and there was a whole group of monks and people in black. I tried to fight them off and they grabbed me and they drug me away.


Whatever we do from here, I sprinkle dust of tracelessness behind us the whole time like a fucking flower girl. (all laugh)


That sounds terrible. I don't want to remember anything. I don't want to anybody else's baggage in my head and I don't want anybody else's problems, thoughts, ideas. I like this person, right now is a good person. Is a fine person. Is a happy person.


Okay. Five, 21, 31.


What should we name him?


That is a 20!


No. It's really hardcore, if you do.


Snowball fight?


Can I take this opportunity to do a quick Inspiring Leader speech?


I've only had one kill.


Whitestone?


Don't you fucking ditch! Don't you ditch out!


Were we given anything special to say to him or should we go wake him up?


It's a fucking leviathan!


It is him. I've known it from the minute that I laid eyes upon him. It's him.


We can give it a shot, can't we?


You're killing them!


Let's see. Actually, I feel pretty good right behind these fellows.


I think I still have some pocket bacon. You want some?


Yep. It's not even like something to be proud of. Just a little squeaker.


You have clothes underneath your-- fiber!


Yeah? Oh wait! Would he have enough for us?


I owe you so much.


Sam is my favorite Ninja Turtle.


That was better. Ow.


I just pick up a pillow and throw it at the door.


And who knows? Maybe something will happen. Yeah, in another 37 years! We'll do this again!


My action wasn't to give her the ring?


Then that's the one I'm going to go for. Come on. Oh, that's good. That's a 17.


No, I cast Fly on him and I hop on his back.


That's a big fat pause, is what that is.


Mm, yes?


And I'm going to take that mandible if I can.


Yeah, see?


Yup, yup.


It's purchased. Ten gold? My god.


(whispers) Can we peek outside of the tent and see what's going on?


No, I had to move closer to it.


I feel like there was so much more on the island that we did not--


Feels like an eternity.


Just a wisdom check?


Hey, we're on twitter, you guys! @CriticalRole.


Oh wait. Who sucks?


Actually, that's a good point. How far away is the Bloated Cup from the boat?


Yeah, do you have our luck? You've seen it.


If I wanted your name, like if I wanted to call on you later, 'cause it seems like-- As far back as I can remember, we've run into you quite a bit, and I'm kind of fond of this--


Wait, why is his eel form destroyed?


I'm shooting with a crossbow.


Wow! Okay!


Yeah, the sucker's just spinning in the air.


All right. I'm going to vault past everybody. Well, never mind they all moved. I'm going to run up right into fray.


Is it our turn soon? Caleb and me?


11 for the second shot, and 14 for the third shot.


Shaun Gilmore?


Protocol.


We should have Pike look at this.


Is it late evening, like pre-midnight, or?


Horses aren't a big threat, I would rather focus on the people.


Before we do anything, I'm going to whisper to Jester: You know, I like Twiggy, but she picks all the locks, she does the Mage Hand thing, she does the Hideous Laughter thing, she paints.


Yeah, looking for the big tower thing.


Where is everyone staying within the town? Are they scattered about or are they staying in a central location?


She's terrible.


All right. I'll look at the group and I will cast Underwater Breathing on everyone for 24 hours.


While everybody's been talking, can I have used my Primeval Awareness to see within six miles if there's any dragons around us?


I don't understand that.


That is the best birthday meal.


Never mind. This is what I get for trying to be nice to anybody. I've learned my lesson.


Hey, that was pretty good.


Dante. Dmitri. Damien. Dingleberry. Darren. Dane. Dylan?


I reach out, hand behind his head, and I say, you are a beautiful arcane bastard, and I kiss him full on the lips.


You got one!


I'm going to kill that bitch!


All right. Okay, and I'm going to use Luck. Okay, so stealth is 23?


Yeah, what I'm thinking is I've got a circle that I've carved around it. And then there's like a tunnel that shoots off this way and there's an entrance that they can walk in and get into their places.


Pike gets one, too.


I'm hoping Toya will--


It's the long rest you can only do once every day.


What? I was saying, can you see in this room right now. Can you see what's happening in this room right now? We are totally intimidating the shit out of-- Jeffrey?


I think, if anything, it might be even less effective here.


58 plus eight, so 64. 66!


Ja. That is a 16. 16.


That is a face that says, I'm giving you nothing. (groans) Garlic chicken.


Toll the Dead.


Okay. Am I within 60 feet of this guy?


That's it.


(grunts) 12!


I mean, I'm still up.


16, she was 16. Ten.


What, that you were--


I know that you need money, and I'm very, you know, look at this. And I do a little joke.


Fine, I'll take the lead, who wants to join me?


We really do, that sounds really good.


Ooh. Ooh.


I'm going to come down, big Iron Man three-point landing, punch to its face.


You have to roll. It's a dex modifier plus a d20 if you don't have initiative?


I know, and I suddenly realised a couple of them watch the show, and now they know that I'm not really texting you guys.


It's going to be indoors, anyway.


There's an ancient dwarven saying, and I'm trying to remember where I heard it, but it goes somewhere along the lines of, it's never a three-hour tour. That's my fear.


And remind us, it's dim or it's not super bright here, is it? Dark?


These piece-of-shit dice.


Easy, Helga. You meant nothing to me.


Man, you're good.


It was pretty legit.


And the first storyline is going to be our Winter's Crest festival. So it'll be thematic. It will go all the way up until Christmas, and our first artist is the amazing Wendy Green, wendydoodles. (cheering)


'Tis clean.


I was having a side conversation!


How many mansions are there?


Yeah, just a clown.


On one of the rusty instruments, and on a sapphire.


No, we're going-- Oh, are we waiting until sundown? Is that what's happening?


Right, cool.


There was a lot in there, though.


Can you see this, Ash?


I saw it. What do you want to do?


Bludgeoning, yeah. And fire. 20, 21.


Too many. Two times!


Well see, this is why I-- oh no. Ten?


Miss, yeah.


They spoke out to us.


I cast Glacial Blast and I create a bridge that scoops them up, right under them. As we dive right under them.


Take an attack. Give it a nice shave. That is 18.


I throw him a bag of cookies. So we opened a bakery while you were gone. We have these. They're called shorties. They're after you. So hopefully you like them.


You should get that evil Clarota helmet checked out and see what all good it does us.


What happened to Ulog?


Or we are.


You might know. Is there anything I absolutely should see while I'm in town? This is the farthest I've been from home. I'm curious if there's anything in this city that a firbolg out taking a look around should--


Mortal Kombat!


I'd take that turn now, if I could.


It's nice in here.


(quietly) Shit.


I was about to say, we can make a harness out of rope.


With an inspiration-- I have Luck, too.


On her?


No, we've got an orc, like, calf, and a foot, and it looks like a skull, covered in like, pasta sauce.


Hear hear, let's go.


Get the fuck out.


Different energies, man!


No. No fluffernutter.


That's so gross. All right.


15. Is it two locks?


Have fun storming the castle.


Yeah, sure. If I'm going to hit it, I'm going to hit it. (counting) 15.


It's going to keep running away from you.


Wherever Grog goes, we go as well.


Counter-clockwise.


Was that necessary?


Yeah, that's what I've been told.


Will you stop with the naked? Grog--


(singing) Tradition! Wow!


It's my job.


Someone was eating gems in bed.


I don't know how to play D&D anymore! I just forgot how to do it.


Pretty good. I was wondering if you could answer a question for me.


And you went from focusing on Kerrion, to kicking in doors?


13. I rolled six, six, six. Roll of the beast. That's 39 points of damage.


Elsewhere.


I'm going to use my action since there's no one to heal-- ah!


Hold it, Scanlan, hold it for a moment!


So we could go in with an offering.


Yeah, but what's that going to do?


There's one person left before you.


Oh, and these daggers, too.


Are there? Are there? LA-New York-LA-New York, sorry, yeah.


Especially, I imagine, if they start looking into everything you did with that kind of power. I mean, having access to that kind of creature, I can't imagine that you were on the up-and-up about everything you did.


I do the same.


14 with resolve.


You want me to go in, draw out as many as I can, but wait, no, first we have to prepare a trap, don't we? Isn't there a trap to be prepared?


Okay, kill them all.


So anyway, I got rid of my old saltlick rock and now I've got Stoneblack here to take its place. Do you have a pet rock?


Do I find any trees?


Yeah, I'm just going to sit.


I know. I'm wondering if I should ahead and go elemental, but I can't cast. Can I get on the carpet? Is there room?


Oh boy, I'm going to-- oh fuck, she's not there, is she?


Just because you started on this path for revenge doesn't mean you can't find other motivations along the way. Do you believe you're not doing this with your friends or for your friends? Not even a little bit; it's only a hundred percent revenge?


Okay. We made it. Now's the time.


Well, it gives you this-- okay, so you focus on it and you go to this place and you can see it and there's this little gray ball and it goes "Touch me!" and then you go "Okay!" Then it comes out, and it goes in your chest, and you get control of your fate for one time in a day.


It's my troupe.


(impacts)


We are going to go between them like Noah through the water. Oh, that's the wrong -- Moses, yeah.


If there's any more of those sparklers or poppers around--


I feel very uncomfortable and I leave. I go outside to hang out with Trinket.


I use it to affix my mantle.


All right. Sorry.


We had no choice, I mean--


Can you pick this?


And you have my axe!


Yeah. This is something that I need to fix, but thank you for trying.


He was crying.


I want to go look at where the symbol is and see if it's a fucking button.


Will you hold this?


Okay, so we're not at the river.


Yes. She's really amazing. Do you want me to read it out loud?


Yes. And we found one or two of them.


Dicks hanging out the walls.


It was just a thing?


Like, (clapping) fuck that!


I feel like there should be trading cards.


Oh. I forgot about that. Yes, I did.


So the treants are prone, right?


We love you so much!


Lift it up!


You said we have to get across, regardless, Garmelie?


Oh hold on, let me go get the aerator.


I pull out my compass and see if it works.


He's putting it on my face. I can't help it.


Zero-G boots! Oh, hell yeah.


But wait, no, it's-- is it an eel's--


No, Delilah.


No, you go. I'll just repeat it.


Uh, nope. We were talking. What was the detail? I mean (coo) what was the detail?


They really have two heads?


What is this? What is this gigantic box of dice?


And then technically in Tidal Wave it says the water then spreads out across the ground in all directions, extinguishing unprotected flames in the area within 30 feet of it.


May I make a retali--


Hey, Vax? I think they're really mad at us.


He does, in fact, have a javelin of lightning.


Grog was basically an asshole, and he still did better than you.


It's been a long day. Yeah, we'll rejoin. Sorry about Manners. That was rude.


No, that's fine. Seven points of damage for the first hit.


You should've left us to be with our mother when she died!


I still have the Alchemy Jug with the water in it.


Excuse me?


Trinket and Grog-sized trees.


And all of that with just a stump.


I just want to hear your lovely little explanation, darling, about what the Horn is and why you don't trust Kima.


You have-- you can cast things?


Just Common letters? Yes, I can show you the alphabet. I'll write it out. Okay? Do you know how to spell your name? Okay. It's very easy. You have four letters in your name, but there are two of the same letter. So you really only have three letters in your name.


That's worth more.


A very aggressive person. I got a glimpse of his attitude, and it is not pleasant.


(fake coughs loudly)


Ghost puncher!


Well, I feel like maybe they wanted it to get bigger? I don't know. Oh! Oh! There was a hand, and an eye, and--


These are trash urns?


I enjoy sometimes the finer things of life.


Yeah, right? It was pretty smart.


But that doesn't mean I couldn't possibly love Scanlan.


I definitely won. I won a few times. (laughter)


Like, you've been abducted, congratulations.


He wants to go to Marquet to find some cloak that may or may not help us in a week.


Super fast 'cause I'm, like, a speed reader it's no big deal.


Well, I want to start--


None of us know how to steer this thing except for Fjord.


What's her name?


Fancy a trip?


26 points of damage.


Yes, Wyrmwood Gaming, check them out. Beautiful boxes.


14, 17.


Oh, fuck! Buddy! Can I hold him for a minute?


We don't know. We don't know.


I blank out in the booth any time they mention his name.


Very big numbers, Grog.


You know, he needed a little-- it was really rough going, from what I hear anyway, and he needed a little therapy?


Why not? We'll see what happens.


The Island--


Oh, you did something to deserve this?


If you guys go in there and you buy a health potion, don't spend as much as he says, because apparently he was lying.


Can I aid with a history or religion as well?


That is a 13.


Is there a nonchalant way of maintaining direction but getting out of its way?


Are you Suvo?


We'll be all right, we'll be all right.


I'll go find them, I'll go find them.


Oh my god, he's got more!


Are they right behind us? I'm still riding Trinket?


She would be okay with you--


We just took a short rest.


Distract and attack.


I'm all right with that. (laughter)


Very specifically, no. This place.


They're going to try to take him out.


Do I take that, too?


Thank you, Kima.


Oh, no! It's a one!


Um. I don't--


Oh. Eat shit, fucko.


Hey Allura, how many things did you throw in the orb?


She could probably hear, muffled from behind the door, (grunts).


Are we all healed up and healthy now?


I know! It's okay! I'm going to use my-- I'm soaring high. It's an easy breeze. We're on the people mover. Okay. And I'm going to use my keen sight to see if I can get a good... (pew)


Scorching Ray.


Oh man, another one?


Good, 35.


He is now.


I had a question. Could I go around lifting up various wagons and maybe ponies, working out to try to increase my strength? (laughter)


Oh, is that what he was doing against my spell save? Is that what it is?


You just weren't paying attention, buddy. The temples in Vasselheim are old. The oldest, including the temple that you helped pull out of the dirt. If anywhere is attuned to the gods, it is Vasselheim.


You want to hop on my shoulders?


Yeah, okay!


And I run and I-- Oh my gosh I'm so sorry I'm late, I'm so sorry-- and then I trip, ridiculously, and I spill cut papaya everywhere. Oh my gosh, that is disappointing. That is just disappointing. Oh my gosh, you are so impressive, how lovely. Mertin, I brought you some papaya. I'm sorry. It's all over the floor right now. I-- you know what, I will go get a broom, I'll clean it up right now--


I'm really not. Goblins are terrible, terrible creatures.


I toss Nott the wine.


Wait, quick squeeze!


Where are we now? Are we still in the butcher?


What does Freedom of Movement do?


Well I just hit him for a total, with Smite, for a total of 65.


I would love to have an insight check, insight check from Caduceus.


Into the woods and out of the woods?


I think this might be it.


Big Man, what are we going to do in the morning when we get up?


Hey, that misses!


I agree with that.


Mary-Anne Darrington.


Fists of furry, Mrs. Henderson!


And thanks, Loot Crate!


But let's make this interesting.


All right, then I'll keep one.


Oh my.


Were there any like erinyeses or succubuses that were also guards that would be one of these people?


Pseudopod?


I'm going to look at it, and then I'm going to give it back to you. Does it say any more?


Who's throwing-- Who's throwing him?


Can they hear us?


What? Bigby... But the hand is still there?


Oh, good, thank god. Because mine sucked.


This marker sucks balls!


They'll probably want those instead of the sword.


Oh my god, he's got a weakness.


I don't remember all the things, I don't remember all the things! Oh no!


And I would like to charge at that little bastard right there.


He was last seen at the circus!


That's instant death.


This is an intelligence check?


My people-- Our job is to guard these realms.


Is he running a fever?


Excuse me. There are very good people being held under house arrest in a tavern right now. They are innocent. I have evidence that I can show her. This whole thing can be solved now.


Oh man, I start dancing around in a circle with my illusion. We did it, guys!


I'm drinking a healing potion right now.


Let's go in the brothel. We're here, right? We can stay here, or we go in here? Do I have to fuck somebody in there?


What's making that so tight? Is there one trap that's making it so tight, or all of them?


There's no magic on the front door, right?


This is the meanest thing I’ve ever done!


Definitely not me.


Okay. Yeah, I think you're right. The effect is only--


Do I see any-- (garbled) Do I see--


Okay. Well, then forget that. Okay, I'm going to Eyebite him with my eyes of craziness. Put up the hand cone, and I'm going to try to make him sick.


Or they're not talking.


He's a rescue.


That's a good assumption.


I can have the book?!


That is a 17, yes.


I can say that I do love comic books. I love three-jewel replacement games that I can play on airplanes--


This is so great. The one romance you had before, did it go well?


I feel like we should do this every night. But I will say this: Lucien?


I'm going to give you all my gold. That is one.


They know what there is! And some pins, check it out. Maybe there's pins, maybe there's not. Maybe you should go check it out to find out.


Bring it, if you can.


I will rip off another patch and use, because I'm touching it, I will use Vampiric Touch.


Then we dive into the mansion and we have a Heroes' Feast.


You sent money?


We've got to move.


This is complicated. Real complicated.


I know, right? Can I go ahead and get a double to help with the night?


Just for clarification, that all took place in Super Nintendo graphics, right?


Okay, so that's six total points.


About there. So I'll move there. You watch as the draconic eye-- she brushes the hair out of the way. She focuses on the one fighting Fjord, and a sickly green beam will shoot out of the eye, and I'm going to cast Ray of Sickness.


Well, we should go pick up Trinket.


I'm actually sweating.


You have a friend who's an herbalist?


Aged six months in a Bag of Holding. (laughter)


Going down fighting.


Certainly not welcome.


No show Thursday!


Oh, it's straight-up damage.


We'll talk about the cold bag for now and see if there's anything else they want to talk about.


How's the light in here, by the way?


Are you out, too? Come on, Percy.


Yeah. Yep. Good shit, good stuff. I'm going to (tongue clicking) move a little closer to the column and I'll send two arcs of Eldritch Blast towards the--


That is a really good question.


No, I want to hear yours. Let's do them both without telling, and just see what happens.


No. It's in your armor.


I would like to walk by, and as I'm passing Vex, I'm going to do that thing where you walk past a friend and you do that sideways kick in the butt, and I'm going to go stand by Grog, and anybody I see giving him the evil eye, I'm going to match it back.


Never forget. 18.


Can you grow a gazebo?


Do I need to roll again?


That was wonderful, I don't know about you!


I'd like to get right up next to the orb.


I gotta leave, I can't--


Double-dipping.


That's fine, just as long as the sniper can't get me.


I didn't know you were coming.


I may not have lost an ally, but I am a vain dragon.


Yeah! Like a radiant blast or something?


Oh wait, is this an ability check?


I couldn't decide if he looked more like a professor or more like a Thaddeus and then I realized--


There were two Loot Crates, one--


I'm sure I can dig up a pound of sulfur. I figured, let's just get double what we need, just to be safe.


You have a brother?


That is minimalizing what he is dealing with right now. He is trying to find a father, he has compromised himself with this woman for us, for himself, for all of our safety. It is going to be difficult for him.


I know that they're super into their knowledge.


Oh, no. That was good. It took me a second. I'm going to take a shot with Animus. Boy, I'm nervous. I'm going to burn a point of grit, and I'm going to make her drop her wand.


Right. Could I confide something in you?


Extra ability when he was here, maybe.


You can still trust Vex after Dread. I'm not the same girl.


It's so sick.


You'll be going in front of us. Because you're going to talk to him.


Oh shit! (yelling)


Now that I see him, can I look to my left, down the rest of the hallway?


I know a barracks. It's not too far away.


I'm gonna look to see if I can find some bells.


Okay I'm going to send my spiritual weapon down there to bash it over the head!


There will still be a new comic next week to hold you guys over. And playlists. Guess whose playlist is next.


I'm just using Trinket's stats, 'cause that's what I had in front of me.


Oh yeah, you did good. Yeah, that was good.


It's actually large, it just doesn't do much.


The guy that they're trying to bring back.


Can I wait until everyone goes to bed and can I make my way into Percy's workshop?


It's all science-y. It's totally nerdy awesome. Yeah, krypton. But yes. Here we go. All right, say bye-bye to the sign for now.


Into the last unexplored room.


I haven't done anything yet.


I'm Taryon Darrington. I stand up and I say, I've seen this before. He will attack brutally. Drink this. And I shove a Swift Step draught in his mouth. You can run 80 feet now every turn.


Who hasn’t rolled yet? Taliesin I give you a blessing.


I am the fart.


What is it about it?


Shitty servants.


Sure. Any way you think it won't see me.


Come on, man.


We can walk and talk. You guys go.


That's that one.


It's a regional spot!


Are they up in-- We went up to the room, right?


I think my sister likes you.


The tavern's name?


Any spell from an evil creature that attacks me takes 4d6 radiant damage and is knocked prone.


It's geekandsundry.com/shows/critical-role.


Sorry. Yes.


Oh. Okay. It was a million.


That is eight.


Seven, eight, nine. It's hard to see over there. 15 points of sneak attack damage. Yeah, I'm not used to the screen.


One question. I have the infinite blessings of Ioun's knowledge. I am a holy man. However, I'm not exactly clear. Do we need those little peas to make these trammels? And we have three of them. We're not going to get more of these before we forge the trams?


Okay, I'm down there with Velora, can I tuck her away in a safe spot?


I don't know. I've been thinking about that, the best way to--


Up and out. Can we stealth, while we do it?


Boot of Haste? But aren't magic items resistant to--


Nott, I'm probably going to go quiet for a little while.


Couldn't that inspire Vex in some way? Don't you get an inspiration roll from the chat?


Come on, come on! Come on, bard!


Okay, okay. (extended laughter)


Big enough for a giant to live in?


Just keep on pushing on?


Well, I'm just going to pocket this because we may sell it, how about that. And then, a Ring of Lightning Resistance, anybody want it? How many rings can we wear at one time?


Okay. 'Cause going upstairs in it, like in the heels, it's a little unwieldy. I mean, it's beautiful! I'm going to go get a drink.


You look like you've, you know-- You look like us. You got more stuff. We've acquired more stuff, over the years. That's cool.


You've got mono.


Yes, I use the swirly-whirly knot.


Have you fared well here recently, in the past several months?


Fuck him up, Pike.


What is it, an action or a bonus action to pour a health potion into somebody's mouth?


Is there a whorehouse here in Vasselheim?


That is one of Uriel's staff. In which case, we cannot talk to them right now.


Yeah, I was going to say not the back, but I will let the bruiser walk behind me.


I'm going to take a swing at him. That's 14 to hit?


Yes, it would be so Mad Max. It would be beyond Thunderdome.


Sorry. Do I think he's lying?


We'll go check.


Well, they're also fixing the ship. At some point, there's two ships.


We love you guys. It's not like we want to live or anything.


Trinket, catch him when he falls.


Are these cartoon physics?


Not the city.


Yes, I'll be there.


(off screen) Sorry! (all laugh)


My hair is already so long.


Yes, Vax die, yes!


At least to get close to him.


Oh, again.


Good job, you guys.


And, just while we're talking, you wouldn't happen to know of any criminal undergrounds, thieves' guilds, pickpocketers, people of the night?


Ready to run, just in case she just goes beast mode.


Reroll ones?


No, we never said to trust us! We said not to trust us specifically!


We-who-must-not-be-named.


Okay. I do a nature check. What does this ash feel like it's made out of?


Can I do a Druidcraft, Matt? A Druidcraft where I druidcraft a vine around his ankles?


Yeah. So, as my bonus action, I'm going to cast Shield of Faith on Percy.


That's even more silly.


Oh. She's not here?


Probably about... Well, I'm not really good with years, or days or months, but probably a lot of days. Maybe a year.


Really? You don't have a compass. Really?


It's Ent voice. Haroom haroom!


Then we're going to be okay.


I turn to the bookie, and I take out my entire coin purse, and I throw it at him.


Oh, we search for a man.


God fucking damn it.


A little-- (stutters) A little pixie.


Wait a minute, what does that mean?


Yeah! Don't fuck me, Gil! That's it, go!


Just try to get Sylas.


Fish out of water, yeah.


Travis, stupid question, Thor, Odinson, or Hulk, in a knock down drag out?


It had to happen. It's history. It's a journey.


(whispering) Dagger, dagger, dagger!


Why can't I see over it?


I do various things on the ship for him, and you know, so many things. Just all of the things that need to be done. [laughter]


Seems like it's normal.


It's concentration. (all laugh)


He's trying to do it again!


Oh jeez, I dropped it. That doesn't count. I don't punch her very hard. I'm going to pull my punch, because I only rolled a five.


That was a delicious feast.


No! Get out of there!


Yeah, but if I get searched--


Will you watch our puppy while we go out tonight?


Okay, I'll just use a 2nd-level for 16 points of healing for six people who need it.


On bolts?


So we part, like the sea.


No, no, I've not learned any fight song. Most of the songs that I've learned are either religious in nature or I've read them in books and I've made up my own melodies to them. They were epic poems of yesteryear, and I sort of set them to a little melody, mostly happy--


(laughs) Wow! Way to bring that back!


Intelligence check. 11?


Wait, we're all still eating breakfast?


No ships.


I'll take up the rear.


We'll make it work. We'll bring you up to speed later, you're on the roof of Osama Bin Laden's house. (all laugh)


Whoa. What just happened?


I'm writing an email to myself.


Don't look, Trinket. Don't look.


I don't like it either.


I like that plan!


Oh, she's not?


Carve this turkey.


Is he with you?


I pass the beads over to him.


No, I'm outside. I'm in the alleyway. How many feet away am I from him?


You didn't touch these ones.


I'm gonna do a missile snare.


Three strikes at disadvantage.


I have a plus four to initiative, so I guess that's five.


Now it's me.


We've got to get Grog back. Grog has a trammel.


(singing) Percy's gun, won't you come and kill up all the dragons? (others join in) Percy's gun, won't you come, won't you come?


That's true. You could run the bakery during the day.


Okay, so it's 10d8.


Vax is off on his own, by the way, sitting on his ass having a moment, because it wasn't too long ago when he had a thing for Sarenrae, and that was pretty bittersweet so he's staring off into space.


This is why you can do watery stuff, right? Like cold stuff? Can you do that?


I immediately call out, help Kash!


Scanlan had a great idea, though. Should we talk about what Scanlan wants to do?


At dawn, we rise and make a plan!


I'm a druid, that's my-- yeah man!


Sometimes fathers are disappointing.


Oh, I did?


Everybody, how much do you weigh?


So that's 12.


I don't need to be a bear to do that. It says that's just part of my class.


Actually, I'll unlock it so he can say that.


I wouldn't get the full thing.


Then you add a ten to all of them?


And it all went wrong.


Don't do that.


We are bad news for anybody like that. I'm sure it would be worth their time to get us out of town, possibly get you out of town. You can't be good for business.


Is that what "deliver goods polished" means? Nine delivered? Okay, just making sure.


I spent a lot of time inside, I told you this, yes. Okay. "To show all of Wildemount and beyond the gifts you have to offer, and the joys you have to give. My sweet girl, how I miss you." I miss her too, so much! "Your laughter, your energy, I've been sick in your absence." Oh, because I'm such a healer, you know, and I took care of her, so that makes me so sad. "But it is the trial any mother must endure, I suppose. You're on your own now, and while I will always miss that little girl, I'm equally eager to see the woman you will become. Tensions here are less, but not absent. Given time, I hope things will vanish into the past, and you may come to see me once more! Until then, I have included a small trifle, some things to keep you comfortable, creating, and free. I love you. Your Ruby," my mama, "Marian Lavorre." She doesn't tell many people her real name, you know.


Take it easy. We would share with the rest of the clan. But of course we would eat children.


I'm fine. I'm at half. I'm at 56.


Yeah, so that's 24 to hit?


No, not at all! Here's what happened, see. We were on an adventure-- I pull out the carpet out of my Bag of Holding. And this carpet was enchanted once with the ability to fly, and it helped us many times in many adventures. It was de-chanted, I guess, if you want to say it. And we need it re-chanted. And I thought that House Thunderbrand would be a strong enough house to have the ability to do such a thing. Maybe not as it seems. And I hand him the amulet as I'm saying this.


Helming a stealth check?


Hellish Rebuke is a 2nd-level. I really wish it gave more information about what--


Oh no no, nevermind. No. We'll slow down the ship a little.


Or a rat.


And this one just popped into my head Critical Patrol. (all laugh)


It looks like there's a free steak.


What's our game? What are we trying to get?


Oh. Well, that's a 15 there. Actually, that's a straight check. That's not a saving throw?


It's a small farming town, it's no big deal. It's whatever.


What about the succubus?


Yeah, I have my feet linked so I can monkey piggy-back ride.


Not as good this time. What did I say, 21? 26, 30, 32, 35, 36!


You have to have your hair pulled back.


Will you please tell us everything you know when we ask you?


Have you ever heard of the Silver Silt Palace?


We'll talk later!


What is the symbol?


So wait, has the opportunity presented itself now?


Can we handcuff him while he's frozen?


I described where it was to you, so I described that it was murky water. Muck is what I described to you. It's surrounded by silt, is what it felt like.


Well-put.


Wait, you can't see them?


Oh, that's tight.


Okay. Can I start dragging him over so--


He's my favorite.


12. No, 14.


If you want, Sam and I, it's kind of languishing, but we have a podcast together called AllWorkNoPlay.


And it's typed. It's typed up; it's not written in.


No, I'm just going to do the (mumbling).


What do you think Scanlan did with the rest of those drugs?


Is there any lasting damage from the acid burns?


Sam walked away so he wouldn't be on the same set as you were saying that.


That's the ultimate question, isn't it?


Well, just give it a try.


Fuck, that's it. He blew my action. Can I try and back away from his crazy presence? I can't see exactly where I am.


That's fine, so I use my regular action to Lay on Hands, and my hasted action to attack him once in the face, maybe more, we'll see.


We sneak under his legs again to like see what's going on.


That's athletics.


That's the title for the episode.


That's right. And we also have our Scanlan concert tees and our Slayer's Cake aprons. Our hats are out of stock, but everything else should be in there if you guys want to go check it out.


Aye! Huzzah!


So we're telling them-- asking them if they want to stay. And if they do stay, that we could built them shelter.


Maybe he's not the best messenger if he's training our armies.


Doty belonged to him. Scry with Doty.


He's not.


Yeah, trying to get Scanlan.


We go ask her how to hire her.


Laura! Trinket!


Oh god, what are they talking about?


Mmm.


Yeah. Luck is for suckers, man.


Ashley.


He can climb up walls?


He's all I've known for the past year, you know? He took me in when, you know, things weren't going too well for me. And it's been great. He had a really cool speech about family, I've never heard him talk like that. It was kind of weird, because he's always been this really tough guy, but I don't know if you guys realize that I just found out he lied to me for a year.


I have a 23 passive perception, Scanlan.


We really bollocksed up the musical instruments scenario, and I don't feel like the pixies are going to be much better than that.


Oh, thank you, Sam.


Yeah, rampant where I'm from. Just real fucking dark.


Dr. Dra. Hey!


All right. Well for right now, let's say it's Thursday.


Nobody go in the temple, everybody attack from outside.


Okay, the first thing I'm going to do, is I'm going to-- I've got my ice shot loaded. I'm going to take a shot at the break in the ceiling and I'm gonna try and ice it over.


I guess running towards the Briarwoods' room.


We could hold you.


We got an eye. We'll keep the rule of law.


But it might be better if he lands and then we spring the trap. It could be a thing, if he tries to leave it explodes.


Kraken got ten thousand hit points.


Can I have my cask of ale, real fast?


Interests will be thought of and there will always be a noble to be a tiebreaker when necessary and to judge from a place of (sighs) greater good.


He's behind me, so I'll do it from my ass. (laughter)


Sorry, I didn't mean to slam the door like that. (group laughs)


We're in a tight box.


Weekend at Bernie's.


Oh honey, I know. (laughter)


And our best wishes to you three as you disappear into the desert.


Vex, you're very attractive. Use your wiles.


When I want to.


We're so happy to have you here.


It doesn't fly anymore.


I mean, he's a whole new echelon. It's a whole new--


Beau is looking for a wild place to not sleep.


Can it be used by anybody?


They've been peed on?!


Could you go fly over there?


That was clever, Grog!


I don't know, I hadn't thought that far. As a (mumbling) new member of Vox Machina--


Someday, we could have a game with two beholders on our side.


Can I spike it?


They're beasts, probably. They're big bugs.


Let's roll separately!


Don't eat it, Grog.


We know where Vecna is. We just need to see where Lady Briarwood is.


Jesus fucking Christ. (laughter)


I think we'd be making a best guess at this point. My best hope is to find out where they are. What it looks like where they're staying, and if we can, without confrontation, get some survivors out of there. That would be ideal.


Benth-- can I call you Ben?


Yeah. Plus two more for the holy damage.


Run and stab.


I think we won't need to worry about freeing the villagers if we can defeat Kevdak.


We're not passing anything interesting on the way, are we?


Those YouTube videos of social experiments? Just send out Matt.


Did the door to the room close?


(high-pitched 'hee' sound)


It's a 20-foot radius.


Roll that Snitch!


Good to see you!


Do you sing all the time, Toya?


Over at the Frankenstein house?


I will be happy to give you an up close and very personal demonstration. Unless, of course, you would rather have conversations about other topics.


We should have some sort of service, then, or at least a dinner in Cordell's honor.


Allura? She's not here, she's--


He looks disappointed.


All right. I'll watch everybody.


I know my hair's shorter so it makes my antlers look bigger, which I was concerned about.


I thought you said college.


I'm gonna back up and try and find a place to scan the ground, find a place to put a door for our mansion.


Attack bonus is--


If we're going to help the city, the more we know, the better.


I want to know what she wants the sphere for. I want to know why Vandren had it in the first place. What else are they looking for? Does it have a brother, sister sphere? I don't know.


Great weapon master?


Throwing on the right, throwing on the left.


(gasp) You can do that?


Okay. Don't kill anyone with it.


That's two plus seven is nine, plus 11, 12, 17, 18, 19, 21 is the first dagger, and I send the next one down. If the last one hit, this one hits. So that's 21 and the second dagger is a ten, so 31.


We hear a hunting party? We see a hunting party?


I put on my night-vision goggles.


Oh, but we can't bring it out, we can't bring it out.


Note every tree as we walk by.


The ploy is to be honest.


Always cocked!


I pay the man. Pleasure doing business with you. Be careful. There's soldiers running around all over the place right now.


D&D Beyond, everybody! As mentioned last week, the newly revamped digital character sheet for D&D Beyond has released. With improved desktop and tablet views, better at-a-glance information, all kinds of customization, and an updated PDF export.


I'm going to go over there.


Okay, that sounds like a good price, yeah.


A rat--


I've killed. (group laughs)


(old-man voice) Try the chicken sorbet!


As I notice what the cat's doing, I'm standing right next to him, so I do it with my hand instead.


I'm going to send him and it's going to take a moment. I want him to go around the entire place and keep an eye on it and watch it. Maybe 20 or 30 minutes. Are we good with that?


But 28 will.


The companies themselves have more than one ship, if I recall.


I've been to a festival.


You said there were silk flowers? There's fake flowers? I want to see if I can find the best looking-- that New Orleans, Halloween night, crazy beautiful, overproduced--


Allies. Clarota likes allies.


There's got to be some big trees there. I remember a few big trees. I remember admiring a few big trees in the Bramblewood forest.


Should one of us sleep in his house?


Why can't they have been looking at me? Maybe they were looking at me.


At some point we'll cast Detect Magic--


35!


We've been plotting our next moves.


No, that's just me.


CritterStrong.


So drunk.


Three questions, quick.


You need to put me in the dungeon very soon.


As we walk, do we see Tiberius fly over our heads?


Where is she?


We all leave.


If we get to 3,400 by the end of the night, we'll give away a whole other kit like this, with the signed stuff, so you get to subscribe and it supports the channel, keeps us running. I'm not going to interrupt these guys, so when we hit the number I'm just going to give it away through the chat room.


And what if the ultimate problem is that I feel like I've had zero control from the start, since birth? I didn't want any of this. I didn't want my abilities. I didn't know I was special until now. And I so desperately just want to be normal. I want to go back to being ignorance and bliss.


I will quote Dr. Smith again and I will yell at him: you are a tiresome, tin-plated, tintinnabulation.


I put a bunch of jewelry into Jester's hands.


I was 23.


Yes. She will probably be, I imagine, in our way on occasion.


You would've.


Are we Prancercising?


Maybe somebody's buried there.


Let's go down into the cellar. I'm going to go ahead and throw up some walls.


Yeah, it's Jamedi.


Five? Five?


I kind of want Grog to speak truth right here.


Shut up!


She's kind of Canadian already. Come on.


Yeah, my 30.


Look at me, I'm drooling talking about it.


Well, I'm back here, and this is so beautiful. I'm sure you've seen and have... seen what's happened where we were, and I know the last time we talked, you warned me and told me that you wouldn't be there, but I think we're past the point of being able to do this on our own, just our mortal selves, and we need bigger help. Might I ask for (sighs) your-- please help us. I don't know what else to say. This is beyond us now.


How tiny?


They're fine. (laughter)


Oh jeez, around the tree? Around it?


Like a wonder child!


I guess I'll take the lead and we'll make our way out the city. Heading northeast, right?


Plus seven to hit. That's 23.


No, no. Just regular water, Grog.


We can't get the boat out of here fast enough before they can catch the boat.


Glad that manticore's not in your orchard. That's all I can say.


I have packed my ears.


It means exactly what it sounds like.


Well, I can see in a two-, three-mile radius.


That's a good one. Have to remember that one.


Percy! Don't bang the guns together.


Does my thing help me?


Well, this is everyone who was interested in coming out on this particular expedition.


Maybe some of them are nice like you.


Bye, Vasselheim.


With triple advantage?


She did it! I hand the chicken to Scanlan.


This is one of those stupid DND, now we have to interpret what they mean.


Make you feel better, if we had the answer.


They're all individually going to the room next door. (all laugh)


And if we remove all of the villagers, it'll definitely gain the attention of the dragons.


We have to bamf there.


The displacer cloak I've been wearing. I just don't want you to be seen.


There's many more where that came from!


Yeah. Oh, are we clear of danger?


Of course. I would love to help and leave some parting gift in any way that I can.


What kind was it?


Look at all the stuff that that one's finding over there! (laughter)


14 plus something, so I think that hits.


Is it leather armor, you said?


Professor Dranzel.


We are. We are close.


You just massacred people. You just committed genocide.


All right, so the first attack was an eight-- 18.


It's okay. We'll just pool our funds together. You guys didn't spend any money during your mission, right? We can pool our funds together and maybe find somebody. You didn't spend any money?


How close am I to it?


I sit on it. How high are the ceilings in here?


He needs to be able to fucking see so he can smith while we're trying to distract this fucker.


Okay. How far away are they? I'm going to move forward. Can I get all the way to Fjord? I'm afraid to get too far away from Caleb.


You drunk fucker.


Yeah, no, Grog isn't going, Tiberius is going.


And I can't use hit dice, right?


Insight-check him.


Because she gave you a little to bring you back!


Yeah. I'm going to hold my action and I'm going to backpack onto Grog.


That's his pen name.


I'll go out the front exit of the tent just to see if the Watchmaster goes with Molly.


It's fucking me, right? We know it's still me. I'm right here.


I can heal people, Mom!


I mean, he knows we're coming, yeah?


And then I'm going to take just -


Did anyone make an arcana check? And we didn't find anything out? Is this something that my stonecunning skills would be relevant to?


Not-all-there mustache.


Can I put my hand on his head and cast Cure Wounds?


I'm in the Bag of Holding.


Stabilize someone?


Question. Why?


How's everybody else?


Yeah. Downstairs from my upstairs cabin.


And I want to see what she's built, anyway.


A gentleman's offer, yes. That's what we'll call it from now on.


We're going to be at MetroCon next weekend.


Intruders! Intruders!


No, it's definitely on the first floor.


I give a quick look back at my friends. and then I take a nap on Trinket.


It's not beautiful yet--


Clarota, here, will rally the illithid to fight for us. That's when we smoke out the beholder.


It's a good spell.


Does this make you feel better?


Are we doing the other thing?


That regains nine hit points for me because of Hexblade's Curse. Thank you!


I really don't think we should mess with this thing.


Got tons of money. Way more than I'll ever spend.


Ah yes, Sybil. She was passionate, intelligent-- (laughter)


We’ve got lots of bits from dragons, lots of bits from umber hulks, and we’ve got basilisk eggs.


I know, but that's when he moves, not when I move, so I will mock him! I will say, you're not even corporeal. You have no substance. You're a nothing. You're a nobody! You won't amount to nothing in this world! (laughter)


You're alone.


There's no throat left.


Who's got the potions?


Hey, that's a good idea you just had.


Then that gives me a 20 total. Okay, 20.


Eight. Well, I hope those people are going to be okay. They look like they're pretty hurt up in there. Some of them look like they're bloody. That one looks burned.


While the entire square sets on fire, Vax quietly and quickly falls a little deeper.


From our vantage point, it is the entrance that we're at and then there is doors to the left--?


Shut your mouth, you wouldn't even know what architecture is!


What do they think happened? What are they asking?


(sings) Yeah! Putting that in the stash.


I'm under 100 hit points.


Yes, I'm a soul.


And the tension is relieved.


I have a feeling that's exactly what it is. It's going to suck working around that thing. Sorry.


Let's swing by the house and check it out. If there's a raging party, we'll just continue on to town. If it seems dead, maybe we'll do a little recon. If the recon goes well, maybe we'll do a little insertion.


Can J'mon catch anyone?


-- he was there for me in all of my darkest times and lightest times and now that he's not there anymore, I just-- I should feel very lonely, but I don't, because I am surrounded by people who truly respect me for who I am. And I know that in that last night before we went to the Hells I wrote that I was ready, finally, to go back and confront my father, but now in the absence of Doty, I've decided to put that aside and stay with you all. Yes, I feel my place is here with you, my rightful place. I won't have access to as much money, but everything else about me will stay the same. And I know that you are all happy that I've made this decision to stay with you as a now-poor adventurer. So maybe this is worth celebrating, I don't know, should we go have a drink in a pub or something?


We never know, we might kill them, so--


You know what, though? I know in the past, Vax, I've had my differences with you. I didn't like you charging after that dragon that one time, and we had some issues, but tonight I feel like we're close and you would never do anything to betray me.


Yeah, a fucking headache!


I said that months ago.


I appreciate your service, Jarrett.


Is it even going to be open at night?


I'm underground. So, I'm going to take my Sunbeam, and wrap it up with my druid goodness. And shove it in the tree.


I think Avantika thinks that Bouldergut had the book. Would the book have taken the Fireball damage?


Can I insight check her?


Big ten.


I'm not a human.


I pick a blossom from the tree on the way out.


Okay. That looks like Lucky Charms.


Have you seen my lollipop?


I'd imagine you fly. Or maybe there's an underground entrance? Around, go under, and up?


The damage is seven.


Hey, fuck it. I'm going to take a good, hard look at this rock.


Okay, how high is the roof next to me?


Junior Bacon Cheeseburger. (laughter)


Boysness. Which is a location in Marquet.


Heroes' Feast, Water Breathing, platinum, and then you're going to hit something with a hammer.


As you can see, Yasha is very strong.


Was there a door to the balcony? Do you think that would be locked?


Hey, you want to take these guys? You ready for this?


Or maybe Yasha could hit it with her sword.


Yes we did. Thank you, Asum.


Do you need a second to compose yourself?


Woah! Here we go.


I explain this to the horses, I let them know what's going on; telling the two that they're ready to go about their business.


There's so many. I saw a giant tentacle come out of the water one time.


--for the purposes of this sea voyage, at the end of which, you will be compensated for your duties. If you kill any of us, you will be thrown overboard.


According to Percival, they filled you with arrows. What happened?


12


Now people know why I don't conjure that many elementals. I'm going to go fly away, since Grog is now fine. Go over to my boyfriend. Would it be part of my movement to grab him and pull him away a little bit, and then can I still have an action, or would that be my action?


This is inside the wall?


We all need to be voguing.


I'm sorry I wrote that.


The warden guards the false serpent.


And now, I'm going to take that last shot and swing up and shoot at the one that's to the right of--


How would we let anybody know?


I have many forms and I am-- Did you just piss your pants?


You don't see the cot.


(whispering) Okay.


Have you ever paid for anybody before?


I'm all in for this.


Oh my god. Arcana? 12.


Oh, half damage.


Did you get a book?


I'm going to try and carve off the head.


Second one is a 24.


Why does this keep happening?


Oh, well I choose the group, I mean, I voted I was uncomfortable as well.


Yasha. Yasha doesn't know.


--me, daddy.


Let's go get this drunk dwarf!


I'm happy to entertain your desire to go find out more about this ball inside of you, but there's other things we might want to do, too.


16 doesn't hit him?


I get to have Trinket attack, and then I get to attack.


Have I got about 30 or 40 minutes left for the wings?


Thank you, dearest. Scanlan.


Get in an hour of work.


Oh yeah, he doesn't have darkvision.


Skills?


You're going to pull-- screaming in his face.


(whispering) I already perceived it.


Is the water up to our waist now?


You beautiful fuck! Slap! Let's go get in the fucking water! And I run off towards the beach.


I don't have anything; I just hit things!


Oh, you don't need that.


Can you heal? Do you have healing? Because I'm stabilizing him don't worry, but--


How far away am I?


Do you have maybe a safe or something? Because I don’t feel safe carrying around my jewelry anymore with me.


-- smells, like some other sort of natural terrain.


You should enjoy yourself.


You just got back.


If it's compensation you're looking for, let's just speak plain. And I pull out four gold.


No, I'm still invisible for a round.


(singing) He had it coming, he had it coming.


You're a terrible person.


I mean-- within ten feet, can I get away from the fire elemental at least?


I leap off Trinket as we get close.


Yeah, like a cane.


Out, out, out!


Well maybe not even a signature. Most people trying to be smart about not getting caught aren't probably like my name and social security number.


What if a change happens, don't you wanna be there?


Because something's coming out of Loch Anus.


Probably in here.


No, he's a great friend! Great guy. Great guy, that Zeenoth. Has Dairon left?


They're hanging out with Pike.


I'm pretty sure it does.


Caleb says.


How dare you. If they Dispel that won't he just turn into Trinket and he'll fall?


I always do shows on Geek & Sundry, and this is no change. What's the show called again?


It says languages  all.


He's a little rat and he still went in his big bed.


Number two. Probably going to go astray. That was 14.


What am I doing? Sleight of hand?


We should eat something.


Hey Grog. Did you ever write down our underwater spell, potion thingies, whatever those were called?


Well, technically, it's still defined by--


The firearm.


Dimension Door what?


You should probably put another one of those things up, Caleb.


That's a ten on the first; that's going to miss.


But if we kill the horses, the cart can't leave.


And I'm watching her stride through here with confidence, just impressed.


And other things. Or send somebody else, if you'd rather.


Is it a councilor from Tal'Dorei?


And if we had told any of you, your life would have been in danger.


It'll wear off. Okay. Fassbender, do you know any other spells, and if so, cast them at the dummy this time.


Oh. 14 for Trinket.


Ah, come on. We're running out of time.


You look great. Do I look okay? Light my cigarette.


We got here first! Warcraft rules!


Are we inside? Let's all crawl in.


I'm going to scoop them up


This is how he's been plotting our death.


Please, no!


In perpetuity, though.


We have a history.


Make another arcana check. Let's see what happens. Oh, that's better. 21.


Oh wait, your name is Marisol--


Are we a reasonable chain?


I hop off the cart and, like--


Yeah, but that's a really big amount of paint to use for a flag.


I do not have the components I need for Arcane Lock. Damn it.


Okay. Good call, Molly.


The cards said our luck. Perhaps this is a good way to ignite it.


I thought we were around the back.


What do you expect to see there, T?


Oh shit, he's going to try to attack it. Can he do that?


Yes, how can we help you, how can we fix what's going on?


To be fair, so is Percy.


Doing air math; it's great. Nothing quite like air math.


We learned so much today, you guys.


Yeah. Plus, small-business tax breaks, it was good all the way around.


Do we know if the kraken is considered Thordak-sized or, humongous?


Oh, balls. I'll use bonus action and movement to go as high as I can. Do I reach the trap door?


To freeze? Yeah. We have our shit back, right?


67 total damage.


Where are my manners?


I mist us.


All right. With advantage. Come on, you fucking motherfucker. That is 28. And I'm throwing daggers at the back of his head. Yes. That is a 27. Do we call that sneak attack?


We already looked for those.


Wait. I'm sorry. Yenk knew where I was. Did the dragon know where I was, too?


I feel like good old Chod should be near the tip of the spear since he knows the inside of this place a bit.


Can somebody see if there's something watching?


The bird's a party member now.


Jump over that little hump.


Do you want some deodorant? You kind of smell.


Wait, what did you say? What did I miss?


Hey Cad, I have a thought.


I was going to shoot the exploding arrow at the glass door.


Yeah, I really like my shield, though, but this is interesting.


Doesn't the guard get a--


I tried to give it back to you and it fell in the lava!


You leap off of the carpet?


It was supposed to be - I wanted the dead one.


Can you do change? One gold?


Yeah, we're super lucky and it's just a turtle. (laughter)


Can I get in my disguise kit and affix a mustache onto her porcelain mask, and put a wig on her, and then write across the bottom of it "The Traveler was here," and leave a pamphlet?


It cannot fail!


(gobbling)


Muttering all this as it happens.


Whoopsies.


With all due respect, Kima, I don't think that was Vax's question.


Bullet train, baby.


We're not doing well.


Why have we not had fucking Pike do things?


14. Oh, I didn't Hunter's Mark. Whatever. 14, 15, 16. Two lightning damage. Do I add anything? Sneak attack!


Gunner master, Nott, gunner master.


What was that cooper position? Barrels?


I'm frenzied so I have another attack.


Well, no, I--


Run like the wind!


You really... blew it.


No, 'cause that would waste a spell on the day.


Both of us or just him with advantage?


Is he Hunter's Marked still--


Life isn't like that.


Did I kill it? Again?


I did! I did, because I'm always excited when I get them, because I never get them.


I think they tried to cast several spells on me, and by some luck of the draw, I managed to feline my way out of them. I think they are looking for me and us, and I won't be a tiger anymore.


We will discuss whence the dragons are taken care of.


Am I heroic now? What does that mean? What do I do?


Speaking of Critters, #CriticalRole is officially trending on Twitter right now on the front page. You guys should all keep that trend going and go tell us what you think about the show and your favorite moments from tonight with #CriticalRole, @GeekandSundry. A couple of other quick announcements. Thank you, Felicia, for coming out. She's about to leave for a month, right?


Let's go where the guards are.


Is it for real? You are lying!


You can see the bits of food flying out of his mouth.


Nott! What do you want to do today?


He's checking his Twitter. He's fine.


I'll bring back cookies.


Or we could drop Kiri off with the little girl that--


Bullshit.


It's true. It's true.


Will she be welcomed in a town?


I use my action, since that's the end of it, right? I pop out and I shoot two arrows at him. (grunts) That's it. Just like (groans).


That is a very fair point.


I have a question. After listening to this for a while, I start looking around the town, would you say that with all these burnt buildings everywhere, that if I start picking through the rubble I would find enough charcoal to reduce the costs I would need for Find Familiar, eventually? Because I still need the incense and the herbs, but if I get a lot of charcoal from these burnt homes--


And don't share our carefully crafted plan with anyone. The details are so precise and exact! You must keep them secret.


We are getting an education here in the first round.


I've had some frustrating DMs, too.


Ten minutes? 15 minutes? What are we doing?


Oh yes, let me do reckless.


There's "no" really anybody else-- I can shoot through my fire thing, right?


Then, fuck it, we're not doing it.


She's little!


Is it times two after that because it's a crit?


Can I try to move, since I hear him laughing, can I try to move out of the way?


Around there.


Why do people keep calling us that?


Let's try.


Is it like that?


Yeah. What do I do? I roll 1d8 and then double it. That sucks, but that's six plus four, so ten.


Fast equals a constitution check, right?


Let's go get Senokir.


You first or I? I'm going to start running towards Grog.


Display furniture sucks.


Okay. I go to the good one, not the bad one, per reputation.


Oh, that's right, he's a little one.


Yeah, Keyleth, what can you do?


No, I don't want to cloud my thinking before we go up against the Briarwoods.


You're shaking it!


A cannonball contest?


Yeah, just block it off.


C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.


Well, everything's not quiet on this end. One of our kids apparently got stabbed by-- Well, one of the crew stabbed the other crew. I can't imagine why that happened. There's been no word, but I assume it's just probably pandemonium all over.


You could use the shark like a baseball bat.


Just plow.


She set it out. Have a seat. Eat the food.


Yeah. Lots of lifting. Lots of running, getting strong.


Earth elemental.


I thought you were giving it to him.


I instantly cast Identify-- it takes one minute-- on the two vials and the bowl.


Yeah. If we're summoning a few good Yenks, do we have a spot that we want to say stay away from?


(laughing) Let's at least post Jarett here.


So that is 19?


I write a note. Address it to Uriel, hand it to our main butler. Who I know his name.


Can I go one more?


Sure. You do know how to adjust in certain circumstances, though, right? You do know how to improv based on the current surroundings, though, right?


Guiding Bolt up its ass.


It feels good. Real good.


How many slashing damage did you say you did to me?


I'll guide us towards something.


It's just not home without her.


I'll give her a little extra (grunt) shove.


Reginald. Reginald, we want to help. How often do you see the dragon flying around?


Can Keyleth just--


Maybe we should ask him about it?


I like that song!


To Hawaii.


Like a tea-cozy. A sword-cozy.


Then I bow and leave.


They're coming out with a few more because their Kickstarter's doing pretty well.


Yeah, put your face in the water and breathe.


Or sleeping, perhaps.


Oh, and I'm going to take some sequins off of my sequins glove and sprinkle it on there.


Yeah, I get advantage on those. Because of-- D-D-D-Danger Sense! 19-- 21.


Oh! You're going to give me a limerick?


Fuck. Well, it's probably not going to work with a four.


I look inside of it, and I say, oil.


We can still sell that for scrap metal, though, right?


Cast Hunter's Mark really quick.


What's up, buddy?


It's at your whim that we serve. I think it would be only fair to ask that we remain under guard while your compatriot here translates that text.


That's not noticeable at all.


Cross your fingers, everybody.


Fly?


Fixed.


Well, now, Jester, look, I loved Kiri as much as the next person. So much, just, mm.


They might be vampires.


Oh! Okay, it's me.


Sure. Let's talk to the mob!


I will put my hand on hers and say  We will all need our rest for the trials to come. Thank you for sharing your story with me, I don't feel quite as alone in this.


So we hope he used Dimension Door.


Oh, she lifted me up.


Well, he-- we made it work, you know? He slept outside a lot.


13 plus six is 19, 20, so ten. Plus regular damage, right? For my regular. 19. I know. 11 plus ten is 21, plus Hunter's Mark is four. And then plus my Blazing Bow, which adds another ten. Where did that land? Shit, balls! I'm so aggressive right now! I'm going to roll a different one! Oh my god. That looks like a one. Oh wow. Two ones. That's great.


We don't even have measuring cups, we just kinda pour it all in and shake it up and see what comes out.


All three, really.


That's some Cthulhuian shit.


I love Game of Thrones.


I know, but we took it away from you.


And I'm gonna do Thunder Wave. Which is--


Can Schmidt stand on the carpet? Oh! I can move it with my Mage Hand or something, or peel it back with my mage hand.


My intimidation is minus two but we said we can use--


Can I tell if Grog definitely came this way?


(sighs) Looks like it's going down pretty fast, though, yeah?


Yasha's the newest, but she can be flighty.


Nott? Would you like to-- Hello?


(pained groaning)


I like the idea of magic perception.


That's why I said it. Eight points.


You're making that monologue face. Like that face someone makes when they're listening to some very complex internal monologue. You don't make that face very often. You're making it right now. Just start speaking whatever's in your head right now. Free-form.


Okay, I didn't want to do the math. (counting) Do I get sneak attack?


I want to swing and pin the heart to the ground and leave the blade there.


Let's dive.


Is this a split hose? We have a split hose.


You were the one who got us into the acid in the first place. Thank you for that.


And we have heard tales of mandrakes, and they scream.


And I think we can table Meowmix for a little bit. Somebody told us it takes a while.


Just the tongue?


laughs) He looks like he flies, guys.


Jamedi, where'd your boss go?


Hey, I've got an idea. How about you race in, grab Scanlan, I'll kill the other two--


All right, well, I grab Keyleth's hand and we're going to work on closing this gap.


What does that mean?


Rope?


That's his greatest power.


No, this does no damage. I don't know what my DC is.


I guess. I don't know, I'm trying to reevaluate my expectations, I suppose. But we have a direction, we have a place to go, and stories are stories.


1,600 platinum.


I don’t know where the rakshasa is.


I guess that would cover it, then.


Maybe it's a call.


Is it the whole cost or half?


Thanks, I tried to get a little of a sage thing.


Yeah, you did.


Oh. I'm going to turn and chase the goblin that ran away from me.


Not going to use them right now. Just a hand. (groans) That's going to bruise. Worth it.


Can I take the Titanstone Knuckles, smash them together-- (cheering)


But there is frozen-- we could take the existing ice and create--


Because she has Yasha's--


I yank away from him. Move on.


I turn around and my skirts goes flying up and everything.


I wanted to summon an elemental.


Fuck me!


This guy's looking pretty close to dead, yeah?


He pulled out the bag.


Man, oh man, oh man.


Don't hit me, I'm a little boy! (laughter)


Can I take a short rest, then, to get my ki points back?


I'm going to do my scrying spell.


You're right. We're big fish.


Oh no, it's chicken wine. Fuck.


To the ogre?


What's the point of the bomb? Why not just do that?


Misfire. (all groan)


We're going to talk, we're going to listen, and we're going to be prepared for anything.


Ah, shite.


Minxie!


I'm really fucking weak. You'd think I'd be stronger pulling the bowstring, but no.


Matt fucking hates this.


"Clow." My "clows."


I stole this die that I got you from forever ago. It's got the little d20 inside of it. I'll take the 12, for 13.


I thought he was being nice to us.


Oh wait, but I have a bonus action.


You know. I'm actually doing a quick little boat tour, just right over there. But I'll be right back, okay byeee! (laughter)


Wait, hold on, hold on.


Oh my god, that's so cute.


Yeah, but if they had any good in their heart, why would they be trapping travelers of any kind?


What? Say it again, one more time?


Okay. I still have him restrained. I can't see or do shit. Still holding onto the rope, can I full-on football tackle him and try and push him out of this dark cloud?


That was sweet!


(whispers) Why?


That is also a very fair point.


So were we supposed to take the book? Or were they supposed to take the book?


We saw you find it.


That was the same thing both times.


Yes, yes. I won't be long. Excuse me. And I just push in.


I pull out Fenthras and I show him what I've carved onto it, it's "sinaeth." Do you know that word?


Ah, hello. My name is Scanlan Shorthalt. I was the leader of the rebellion that just defeated Lord and Lady Briarwood.


Tary, you had a bag of holding, right?


Didn't you kill the king of--?


You think?


It was a deluge of terror after that.


Who am I behind? Mollymauk. I place hands on his shoulders and send Frumpkin down ten feet ahead of Nott and I'm seeing--


What's around me?


So we're down a bunch of spells.


There's so many valuable lessons that can be learned at any moment.


Me and Trinket.


I think it's having hate in your heart? I think?


I'll make my way out.


That was a thing. Does anyone have my clothing?


I work in mysterious ways.


Just the castle.


That's my broom that I'm holding up in my hand right now.


Ophelia mentioned that, yeah.


How close did Beau get to investigate like that?


If you know that they murdered your family, how are they still part of society?


What else have we been doing for the last year and a half but knocking on different dimensional doors?


This meeting is only happening because we were hoping to meet our Meat Man.


Camp out, perhaps. It would be a roof over our heads if we got there, and we could take care of anyone--


I mean, I don't know if it's necessary. I can't think of anything as of yet. I don't know, maybe I'll just let you know. Thank you for offering, though.


Thank you, Jester. I appreciate--


I'm paying attention.


He will not come back alive.


Yeah, there's 12 players.


Thank you! Hey, what happened to the little bunny, though? I'm going to look for the little white rabbit.


So I'm doing it now.


Don't think about what's the worst that could possibly happen.


Ah, ja, okay. I think--


Yes, I will be the same Caleb.


I don't want to go there, I want to go to the bottom of the steps behind Mollymauk and Fjord.


Probably Grog. He's going to be the one that's going to be up close, out of all of us.


Look like you're just-- Cough and stuff?


Thank you for keeping us on task, Caleb.


While everyone's sitting, can I just pull him over to a corner for a second?


It does look like he's copping a feel.


Against Kima again?


Me and Pike get there, because I Dimension Door us.


I really like it when she crosses her arms like that, it makes her biceps look good.


How many feet down did you say from the top?


Your stories. It's your storytelling. Keep telling the story about the Calamity. Maybe if you talk about Vecna some more and what happened.


Oh, you don't-- yes, family, my brothers and sisters.


So there's a little space up top?


Oh, that's it? Well. It's easy to get us confused though because we look so similar.


Oh, do we know? Are we aware that we went under that effect, I mean we just feel different, or how do--


It's a cookbook.


That's right, Marisha, even a total jackass can use it, and I'm living proof. Taliesin, Backblaze backs up photos, documents, fanfic, and all your user data, and here's the best part. How much do you think it costs?


Dear diary. Sorry.


Oh, that's a perfect idea.


Needs things to live.


It's a pun. (laughter)


Be warned, the book tried to claim me.


What if we just give old mousey here-- Turn him into a giant again and drop him right on it?


If only people knew that sprigs give foundation to the entire tree.


Am I under?


I have a holy symbol to Vecna that we took off of somebody in the original ziggurat.


Goddamn it, why didn't you tell me this plan?!


I'll stay with Kiri. You guys can go, and I can stay with Kiri.


I do a quick Gust cantrip.


"Tell him you have a gift for the Captain when you see Marius--"


Was it sucking you in?


Matt, fly to New York to whisper in her ear. (laughter)


Oh what, these fabulous shoes that fit me perfectly?


All right. Sure, yeah. Great. Well, I shove a bunch of eggs in my mouth and I get up and I'm going to find Keeper Yennen then.


There is a spell that does that, though-- Object History.


I'm really glad you used that Luck!


Lovely. I'm going to take off my Boots of Haste and my cloak. See if anyone else wants it, and I'm going to start attuning-- Can you use this?


I'm going to head back, yeah.


Any crayons so he could be occupied?


Be my guest.


They're still alive. There's no were. They are wonderful people my father--


You're going to forgive me for this later. I cast Friends.


I mean, whatever, Fjord. I guess we can do that if you want to. I don't care.


And a tiefling.


We're not hanging out all the time, we're being social.


At least four stars on Grand Theft Auto.


Do not let me fall asleep face down in the gutter tonight.


I'll knock you out if you really want me to.


I don't remember because I don't have the thing anymore.


(stuttering) Well, he was a great philosopher, of one of our peoples. But he described it as being these overlapping circles. What's that?


He's very strong.


We have to go that way, anyway. Once we get there, let's open the spigot, point it towards the doors, and let it do its work.


L-E-T-S-G-O. Let's go, let's go. (laughter)


You're going to lose that puppy. It's going to blink itself off a cliff and you're never going to be the same. You're going to be devastated.


Tary? We're in the mansion. Tary?


With not the ice, the--


I'm going to try my Primeval Awareness.


It's a safe assumption that Lady Kima did not just walk to the back of the upper floors, she probably went down.


Keyleth, what's your problem with Kima?


I would recommend that if we are going to... purloin things, we should do it on the way out rather than the way in.


You need extra luck for that.


Not directly. I mean, it's trade more than that, but I know some places.


All right. That hits, that's a 23.


I wouldn't presume to be as lucky as to have Louis have tried this mission before and fucked it up as well, has he?


Kestiff, where are you coming from and where are you heading?


And what's the save?


Mayonnaise (squelching noise).


Or fit in?


Lots of butts.


Speaking of tricky magic.


Is she wearing a cloak?


Can you hit Sondur?


We should probably keep our voices down in the street--


So I get a plus one to attack, on top of my--


Yep. Using a Luck. But yeah.


No? No?


Are they glowing?


I'll give you mine if you give me yours. Whoever gets the highest has to tell.


Grog, your beard might go away.


I get nervous spending too much time in one place, but if everyone's going, then we're going.


Oh my gosh, it's so beautiful.


It's a nice house.


Okay. I'll cast it again. Where's home? You can respond to this message!


Is it better to pull it out or leave it in place?


Was there a Jenga pool?


It was on my iPad!


Oh, well then it's just a number.


I take a huge drink of the mug in front of me. (sighs) Someone should run these fuckers out of town.


There's a guy in an Abraham Lincoln costume, just whacking it. (laughter)


I'm going to try and get out of the tent through the side. Like underneath the side and towards the horse. Yeah, back there. Looking for Caleb.


A white cloak that looks like it had red wine spilled down the front. Fjord, you explain to the guards that I'm very pissed off because someone spilled their drink on me.


By the way, I should probably toss out, because we probably haven't all been half-naked together-- you know this, some of you have, but not all of us together-- I still have this big mark in the middle of my chest. This black, veiny thing.


I can make it sound-- I'm going to use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like she's in pain. So--


Okay, hold on. Oh my god, I'm shaking so bad you guys. Okay.


I say move on.


I make it to the doorway and go, what is going on in here?


Okay. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to pull out the Pepperbox. And I'm going to take a shot at Sylas, and I'm going to get him to drop his sword.


This guy wants to go to the theater.


How far is it, Matt?


9.


You guys, we're only four away from another giveaway, which is--


And when you drown, do you then have three death saves or--


This is exactly what has to do with the Horn. Is there any way, Pike, could you perhaps half-cast it and hold the spell, don't quite undo her legs from stone, I don't want her to be mobile. I want to ask her--


Caleb is unconscious on the ground.


That's going to rile you up. That's a bad idea.


We're just looking to see where we can deliver the gift.


It looks good on you.


Yeah, it could be sharpened?


I cast Grasping Vine and lift him up by the neck.


My goodness gracious.


Wait. I roll for the second shot, right?


It probably is. Just haven't figured that out yet.


Ja, but if they don't reveal themselves first--


Just come back the other way! Come back toward us!


Oh, you brought a fork to a sword fight.


Yeah. It's a little moldy.


--to skip this fucking place.


It's on its way for the next round.


I walk out of it.


(mimics bird call poorly) That's how they talk to each other. That's how carnival folk talk to each other.


Let's go kick their ass.


Yeah, no, I know that.


We shouldn't tell them the other options, should we, just in case we wanna save them.


14 plus I'm invisible, plus two. 16.


It looks like if we barged in, straight in, they'd probably have very good fortifications.


Oh. Crazy grandma!


I can't apologize to you, because words don't work.


Like a muff.


One ounce! One inch punch!


Let's go drinking.


Yeah, little pinches at a time. I don't want tons, I'm not trying to steal a barrel, just enough to make one of those bangy arrows again, just enough for the tip of an arrow.


Many months because of baby.


We didn't kill the whole forest, did we?


Bravado! The T. Darrington Story.


Whoa, whoa, back it up.


A troll dick and a bulette tongue.


Maybe they're a trail marker.


Oh, no, that came from the Traveler.


Yeah, reverse math. (laughs)


Also plus 2d10.


Well yes, but.


Yes. That kind of bug.


Oh balls, that's--


Thanks, man. I think you're real nice, too. Genuine! I was being genuine!


What am I against?


I'm still keeping watch. I'm watching the hole.


I lost five of those hoo-has for casting a spell, you said, so do I need to make a constitution throw?


Right, so we're on the roof of the thing, right?


Well, not while casting this spell.


Vord. Hi. Question, please. We'll clear out your basement, that's not a problem. I'd like to understand how you plan to protect this horn, how you plan to keep it out of the hands of entities who would use it for ill--


Well, I went down. There were two entrances, and obviously they had crumbled and were no longer accessible, and it seemed like there was one more, but around it-- there was pretty substantial plant life all around, coming out from the ground, but in about a ten-foot area, there was nothing there. And I tried to get down in with my snout, but all I did was kick up more silt, and I couldn't really see anything.


He's a talented cook, that one. What was your name again?


Howard Darrington.


Oh my god! He rolled three sixes and a five.


The Eiffel Tower!


Do you want them to decompose?


Yeah, let's hold on to it. Maybe there's going to be some sort of emergency situation.


She said is there something we can do? It's hard to hear her.


The fucking asshole that peaced out!


You-- me? Yes, just do my thing?


Yeah, I guess. I'm on the sail, right? I'm on the top?


Sweet. I'm going to clean that shit out, pour it in.


We took 70 gold.


Now, if only I could have attached that to a donkey, at some point.


Okay, 13!


And then I'll do a 3rd-level Thunderwave.


We saw a pile of corpses!


We'll give you the dynamite, and if anything seems like it goes wrong, you can immediately signal Caleb, and we'll bring the cavalry in.


Nicely done, Pike! Wow.


It was hard getting here.


I'll put 500 gold on the goliath.


Might as well take them.


Do you sell flasks?


I rolled an 18 and my strength modifier is one.


I don't recognize her, though?


You're like a super ferret. You're like the strongest little animal I've ever seen. I mean, really.


You said they were all gray-eyed, right?


Oh, right. I always forget.


Wow, that's great!


Damn, this is amazing! Okay, I'll leave it up here.


Oh, shock. We should have fucking run.


Come on, Keyleth! Keyleth, Keyleth, Keyleth!


No one will even see it being moved.


That's kind of heavy. That's gonna be 24 points of damage, and three points of psychic damage.


You know so much more than we do. If you believe it is unsafe, then we trust your wisdom in destroying it.


Are we back online again?


I'll be in charge of guiding Trinket.


No, this is a whole chunk of stuff.


Actually, I might take it. High ground is occasionally very useful for me.


Yeah. 32 minus five is 37! 35.


(imitates flute) --stink.


Then maybe you should sit this one out.


That's a pretty good deal compared to the--


You have a very shrewd sensibility as well. You seem to be able to weigh pros and cons in an equation, a scenario.


Yeah, oil yourself up, real good.


Guys, someone took it from me.


Anyone within ten feet of me. A decent amount right now. Not Tiberius, not Scanlan.


Yeah, I think that ends my turn.


Can you do enchantment?


I've never seen a show. We have bars down here?


Can we cast Locate Object on the anvil? Don't you have something that sends a direct path to an object?


We seek the means to destroy him and all he stands for.


Can I try and roughly butcher this boar?


We were in a time vortex, really it's time to sleep.


Hey, I'm squishy as hell, can I have one?


Look through your shit.


Ten or ten thousand?


Trinket claws crosswise and takes off his head with a bite.


Yeah. Okay. I thought it was a bonus.


I was going for the powdered-- the remains of whatever teeth that we couldn't get.


Okay, I'll put one in, then you have only eight.


If I do like, a Commune with Nature, and then, because I know they're already--


Called it.


Who gives a shit? They deserve to die!


What are you trying to do?


That's so much better!


Yeah, we have some.


And how far can he go?


All right. I guess we can talk to him. I'm just afraid he'll try and cash in on it right now and not let us leave.


And that's-- just using my normal one for this one. That's eight points of damage.


So long. And I leave.


Oh, the revolution.


You know, Nott, I notice. I notice the way that you eye things, on occasion.


I’m unconscious.


No, we have him. It's balance.


We're right out here on the other side of this door. If anything terrible happens, you have the earpiece. No one will stop Pike and I from getting through there if something terrible goes wrong. Rules be damned.


No, no, no, Grog, don't!


Last name Pedobear. (laughter)


Nothing's changed.


Maybe it'll make him weaker, if it is destroyed. He obviously put it in his scion. We destroy it, we keep someone else like Delilah Briarwood from coming into power. Right?


I know, why did we do this?!


You know what makes you guys so awesome? Donations for charity! (all cheer)


Oh, look at me, digging in a muddy hole that led to nowhere.


Dinghy battle!


So it was 32 damage on her, and then everybody within ten feet has to make a dex save.


Not bad, though, really.


We were committing.


Shit, I don't have my thing.


I'll take it. (laughter)


He certainly seems stressed.


All right, yes, I start butchering, or something, the bulette.


I give him the jeweled dagger.


Even more reason to find Dolan.


Good job, Percy, now he's never going to bathe.


Can we heal him, what is it? What do we need to do?


So we can at least do some, we can get closer and do some recon.


Ophelia, do you know the secret code?


My sister's hounding me at the door, so I'm going to go back and twiddle my finger inside the empty boxes.


We're going to send word out. I'm going to take out my flask and put it on the table. Sit down for a moment.


(gasps) What does Spare the Dying do?


How do you even know all this?


As you guys all remember--not you; a couple months back, I asked you Critters out there who use D&D Beyond to write in and tell me about their D&D Beyond experiences. With the studio move and stuff, things got lost. Some of the letters got lost a little bit, or misplaced, but we found them. I'm going to read you some of the letters from the fans. They're from a couple weeks ago. "Dear Sam, loving D&D Beyond. Just used their easy character creator to roll a brand-new character after my favorite PC was tragically killed last week. I'm still really sad about it, but watching your show is taking my mind off the loss. I love how Critical Role doesn't remind me about that death all the time." Again, these are from a few weeks ago, so I haven't--


On his next attack on somebody.


In your experience.


Oh, that'll hit.


And that's a 25, which hits, yeah?


On the way out of town-- you said when we came into town there were some guards with pistols, with guns?


Why don't we say that?


I don't know, me personally, if that is a good amount. But Vex would know, is that a good amount or is that a shit amount?


Horse?


What if the table offers you four times the amount you've ever seen?


No, because I'm not a psycho.


Can we look at the ground for (laughs) for traps as we're walking? Any squares that might move?


Yeah, down in the basement when we were talking.


Let's walk quickly!


We would only scry on a tree. We wouldn't scry on a dragon.


I do! I'm quite successful as gnomes go, in fact, before we--


Everybody fucking come down.


Down by the beach, so that we have--


Admittedly, I'm not good at throwing things, but it looked really cool.


Well in that case, I will do a Fireball.


Nope, that's not happening.


Maybe I go first, just in case something--


I thought it was frightened!


Yeah. Trinket, keep Keyleth warm. She's cold. She was in the water.


And the rope?


How about the talkers go to one table?


Poison dagger.


Good. 20.


Just talk loudly.


(excited earth elemental grunting)


Are they drunk?


I feel the urge to go sneak into a room.


Writing it all down. And then I give temporary hit points equal to my level, which is 17, plus my charisma modifier, which is nothing. So you get an extra 17 on that ten.


I fly in alongside. You know, all you have to do is ask. Will you hold still and give me ten seconds? And I'll check the rest of the room, just in case.


Let's go! Come on! Let's get on this thing! Grog's getting ahead of us.


I use my Cloak of the Bat to fly over and to read it.


No, you don't!


Okay. Aes here told us to follow some people.


I'm taking--


Just tell him.


Ey oh ey yourself. (laughter)


You broke the gun?


I'm gonna do an intelligence, right?


Okay. I was picturing all the plants suddenly losing their shit.


I'm not picking up any signs from him.


Where's passive perception?


♪ How many times has Caleb had a bath? ♪


Sorry, I couldn't help but hear what you--


-- and you're like, am I dreaming? Or is this the dream? Or is it real?


Is it a very fantastic bathhouse?


Is he looking at me? Okay, good, I'm taking another aimed shot at his face.


(muffled) I don't feel like this is the best--


Do they know we're here?


I'm standing nearby on my broom. I'll fly in and pick him up. He can Dimension Door out, though, very quickly.


We'll be there. Probably watching his panels.


Petition to Chris Perkins to rename it "rakasha."


Okay, the people who are camping, what do they look like? Pretty common folk, I'm assuming?


The Raven Queen's trammel. I did a perception check and got a 28.


What does he do?


I'm hoping there's a tree on that continent.


I back up about 15 feet out of this little cubby.


Why not try it? Before we send it.


For my new vantage point, do I see the winged creature that you had referenced?


DC equals eight plus my proficiency mod plus my dexterity mod.


Oh jeebies. Oh! I can use disengage! So he doesn't hit me! I'm going to move away from him.


Sure, I'll show her. I'll show all of them! I like this. Good backstory.


That's what it says.


What if we do the same thing that those orcs did? When you go in and cause a distraction and lead them out, we spend the few days that we're waiting for the dragons to build a massive trench, you can use Move Earth, and lead them all out over something and drop a Herd of goliaths.


You finally got a good initiative roll!


It's your AC.


Was that last sound the sound of Seeker Asum's bowels?


17. No, sorry, 19.


It doesn't hurt to be nice sometimes.


Always with the teeth.


(sings) Health!


We've threatened them with goblin tactics!


Quick question. In all of our time here, when we were scouting before, and when you two jokers were going to go see Tooma, did we see a bunch of animals around?


I've heard some terrible things about-- what is it, your father, is it? Or is it your uncle? Your uncle.


That's going to be a t-shirt.


We don't need the sass.


That's a d4 plus six. That's so weak. Okay, you got seven points.


Oh, because you've got your necklace on.


I'm going to strap on my gloves.


Non-lethal.


Who was he, would be my question.


I did! It was kind of chaotic, but they're donating for natural ones, they are retroactively donating for natural ones.


Shall we throw him in the pen with the other guy?


Wonderfully helpful. Thank you.


Donkey Kong, Pikachu.


Well, I guess we should go back to the Leaky Tap there, and--


Hardly waste your time.


Hold onto your butts. 13.


Is it tilting it down?


I wanted to be a model.


Do either of them have saddlebags?


Extreme syphilis!


(sighs) Okay. Naturally, help Pike rebuild Vasselheim in the most immediate of circumstances. Eventually retire to Zephra. Go be the actual leader of my people. Continue to get in any type of frays that these people invite me on as it reminds me of the good old days and keeps my promise to protect this realm any time this realm needs protecting. And I find Kerrick at some point. Seek out Kerrick. Make sure he's okay. Reconnect with him, have coffee, you know.


Fuck yeah, that was awesome.


Can I look around, see if there are any weapons or objects?


Do I have any of my movement left, can I move around behind him? 50.


What if we go there?


Points?


She says (flirtily) "Put him down!" (laughter)


There's a skeleton in the basement, apparently.


17 to hit?


Third purple nipple?


Yeah, no. Totally. We're the anti-Twitch streamers. There's really good people like Ninja and then there's us. Every yin has a yang, right? So Foster and I, next Tuesday the 11th, we're going to play some Black Ops as part of our recent fundraising campaign for Operation Supply Drop! It will be live at twitch.tv/criticalrole.


Well, it's like blacklight, so on everything on what they were looking at.


Dead center. I'm going to cast Mage Hand.


Have you ever seen The Fifth Element? [laughter, cheering]


Well, sum it up for me. Give me the Tenser's Floating Disk pitch.


Yeah, it just released this week and Travis did some of the mocap for Fred and for Nathan Fillion's character, and in the video it shows you guys basically just throwing down--


Away from her.


It's possible that the Briarwoods have hoarded all of them. In fact, we might find something about this entity inside the castle.


Should have done it.


Yeah. Right.


Yeah, but I ignore all disadvantage with my Crossbow Expert feat.


I go with her.


I'm going to pull my coat shut.


I can do my beast thing. I'll be fine. I jump in and go shark form.


No, I'm just-- it looks attractive now.


I wonder if we could follow the glow. Warmer?


Remember, we've talked about this. There's also the thing that if she dies while Ashley's not here, we're fucking assholes!


Eat food. Yes, delicacy.


Do we remember any type of relative time jump when we were here last time in and out?


Matthew.


Sorry, how much precisely was that one again?


Oh, double the second one.


But there it is, right in front of you, all red and swollen, gross.


Everybody was so cool in there!


Four, Scanlan! Get somewhere safe. That way, you can keep helping her.


Hang on, wait.


So this is all one spell, yeah?


I turn around and run back to the dead person.


Can we all please go back in Percy's workshop?


I've watched Harry Potter, they always have two hands on the broom.


I'm curious because I know you said you are lacking in gold and treasure. What will entice the beast?


They're not wearing a hat or a sash.


I'm telling you.


Let's go to Kraghammer!


Can you see Arkhan?


Shit, sorry. I want to apologize. This feels so stupid. I want to apologize for never realizing what you are and what this could be and for not showing you the reverence that you deserve. And I hope to change that in the future, and I will certainly think differently from here on out.


We already did it today.


Wheelyfactoid  "Love you guys, can't wait to finish my knife for Liam and bear for Laura."


And can you point us in the right direction?


That's never a good sign.


Or more mirrors.


It's the only thing I'm here for.


Thinking about bacon.


Yeah, take your time.


Puts his hand around the medallion. Closes his eyes. Puts his hand out, touches her.


Do you need me for anything?


What do I say to make them fall asleep?


(singing) Twinkle, twinkle, little star, how I wonder what you are.


Yeah! Trinket's going to bite it.


(whispering) Put some in a bottle.


I'm going to just dance in place.


What does he look like?


She's on the lip.


To hit for it? Oh. Aww, shitballs.


Oh shit, it's closing on me, isn't it? Natural 20.


Trinket gets two attacks.


You Jerry Maguire motherfucker. Help me, help you.


Oh, in the testes area up there. The little closet thing that's-- yeah, that's good.


Do you take cards?


I'm going to run up to these two and join the fray up here.


But they still said we couldn't leave.


Do I remember anything about either gender or that this would be-- Other than I just saw a lot of aggression and a feral aspect of this.


He has two. One or two.


Yes, I was hoping to catch up with him. We've been gone a while, and I was hoping to trade news with Glorious Gilmore. Is he not in at the moment?


From down below.


I am well into my second trost at this point. I can show you a trick. Young lady, if you would assist me please. Step up onto the table.


Son of a-- god--


Is that unlimited?


He's not in the room.


Full on Wilhelm scream.


Why did I do that?


Oh, that's three! Do I hear four? Four? Four? (speeds into auction chant) (laughter)


Well, I'm going to stand behind you, in case.


(whispering) I think you're up.


(sings) You got the power!


(gasps) So something magic comes out of it when you pick one? Can I pick one?


You said the sleeping quarters are upstairs. If we went in the dead of night, and I know you have a spell that can lock a door, or shut a door or something?


That sounds like someone whose ass I would like to kick.


From under the table, and also from somewhere else.


You're asking this question?


What if I follow from where the path that I saw them dragging, and I follow through the trees? Can I see a path inward from there?


Wow. She rolled two threes in a row.


Last time we did that, it went really well.


Could I ask, (coughs) other than gambling, what sort of entertainment can you find in this city?


Come on, come on, d20.


That's a long shot.


Like in a protector, I felt safe when she was standing watch sort of way.


Oh, live-streaming the birth. We're going to Periscope the birth for sure. My goal is to go into labor while we're playing on a Thursday night.


Can I do an arcana check to see?


Yeah, I stitch up the front.


I can if you want me to. Or I can point it out.


Shit. Okay. Mm. Just-- quick loop.


No marshmallows for this witch.


Well, because if you're coming with us, then we have to wait, so what you're deciding to do very much affects what we're doing. So let me ask it a different way: what business do you have in Vasselheim?


Oh, I thought she pulled us inside. I'm sorry.


Why don't we ask them nicely if they would like to move?


Oh, that's wonderful, Caleb. I'm very proud of you.


Yes, I guess if we gave him away. But we need him.


What about entrances and exits?


It doesn't specify in the spell. It's kind of what you decide.


Sure, it went very good in the swamp with that little one.


What about all this gold in the cavern?


So we have been, I thought it sounded familiar.


Don't engage them.


I say, so I mean, what are you doing out here? I mean, do you work for Pelor? Is this, like, a thing you do all the time?


Yeah, I met Jester a while back and after I Ieft town, coming up to the northeast, I ran across her. I'd seen her do some of her magic before. That's what I'm trying to learn about.


Oh they're armored up, all right, so then I'm upstairs.


Then I just stand.


It's like the equivalent of the Shia Leboeuf 'Nanananana!'


That would be the hope, I imagine, you'd leave the woods once you went into the woods. I mean, you don't just want to sit there. I mean, that's what I do, but I'm not sure that was really a great decision, so, yeah, huh.


It gets foggy here sometimes.


Okay, I'm going to reach down and use Cure Wounds at level one because that's what I've got.


They were totally hot, too.


My heart is someone else's. And I pull my bow.


They are obviously rings from random dead people, aren't they?


Ulog! Ulog, I need your help.


Sorry guys. Natural 20.


Wait, no.


Can I grab it as I'm falling?


Maybe just a little something towards it, if we could.


Which I have ready.


Yeah, he was just stuck out there. That's all.


Did you actually try to walk up?


There's another path down.


Oh it definitely hit. Yeah, I'm sorry.


In Canada?


Not a bad die there.


It's farkin' beautiful.


I'm making ice plates.


Even Pike!


And treasure.


So, hey, Freddie, like, how long do you think guy downstairs will give us to decide?


Wow, another dream with seamen scattered everywhere. [laughter]


Does sound come out of it? Do I hear them talking?


Do it from inside a house.


A little flourish.


Does he have a cool lip tattoo?


Motherfucker. Uh--


I say-- shit. Do I know what she's casting? Am I familiar with it?


It could have gone to the island.


16th century-style. Just something to write on.


(crossbow loading) Ready to go.


No. I mean, you're so cute! And looks around.


The tower!


Was it a powder, or was it like crumbles?


So, four.


So we split them up?


Is he a bad guy?


And he's got a youtube channel, Mars Rising, which is great. And I did a Splinter Cell guards sketch that I did with him a while ago


That's a good idea, if you can really do it.


She doesn't think I am, but if Caleb says so, then I should go with Caleb. Good luck!


I've had this dream.


Pop, pop. Do it again. First hit, 20.


You are not allowed to go.


It's really lame.


Oh. Cool, man. Yeah. I'm not doing something really important here to keep our friends from reaching their peril.


Sadly no one else will do. Not that I want to inquire of the sort of business she's in, because that's inappropriate, but is she in the town at least? If we were to write her, could we get word to her quickly?


Is there anywhere to stop the boat?


I'm also going to use my speed to dash across. I can move 40. Can I peek into this window and see if I can see anything in here?


The dragon cage is not concentration, is it?


Uh oh.


I'm a really good giver of advice. I learned that about myself.


I'm untying the carpet quickly. (all laugh)


I haven't been using it.


Don't. Jinx it.


Ulara.


You ready for this, Grog?


Yeah, that's not a good thing. Maybe it's better to--


We don't really have a choice, we have to work with her to some extent. We can make it hard for her, and we can be assholes to her, and go tell her to get Asum for us. But other than that, we have to work with her.


Okay. 11 points of radiant damage. No, 3d8! Those are 3d6. Hold on. I rolled wrong.


Skip to the punchline.


I can attempt to try and drain the lake a little bit.


Road trip.


Is there anyone you haven't seen in all these years?


Okay. (sings) Health! We need some now. Health! Not just anybody. Health! You know you need someone.


Yeah. We'll move closer.


And then grab him by the wrist and just start walking.


Train him up.


Did he lose his save against it?


(laughing) I can't keep track of the math!


Why did you do that?


Come on, Nott. Bring it home!


No! No! Flowery language and stuff!


Illicit Auction.


Maybe that is better, yeah.


I think this actually changes the crest of Whitestone now, because now there's a sixth champion of Pelor who's of Whitestone. Six stars, not five now. Holy cow.


For no reason.


Trinket's feeling good.


Because it's Christmas.


(whispering) Even Frozen-er Depths.


I don't have only four words on this.


That was a 17, but it's okay, because I have disadvantage, so that's a 21.


She--


What else do you bring into a -- What do they think we're going to do with a bucket of tar?


Oh god, things are falling!


It's three BPM.


I think they would be less intimidated by a glowing mace than by glowing hands, at this point.


(crow noises)


But I cast it on you!


Is there any other abandoned buildings around?


Don't do it!


That is the cutest.


I got to close out of that. Okay, strength. 12 and 13.


That's five bodies. I don't know if I got them all, but are there any coin purses as well?


What if we use the orb and go straight up? We don't even keep tunneling, we juat go straight up to the city.


Okay, so on a surprise, it's advantage. So 19's pretty good. I'll take the 19 over the two. So that's 19 plus-- 30.


You'll never have Poison Ivy.


I'm sorry, a Wall of Fire.


Or in the back.


What did the brain work do to our friend?


39?! Yes!


Who has Speak with Dead?


Boysie. I'm hiding the little pot-thing, by the way.


I am gonna cast Death Ward on Grog.


Don't we need to talk to Kara?


Well, you know, hello. Goodbye. Thanks. Sorry. Left, right.


I'm angry at all of you right now.


So what?


Closer to Molly. And I go, boo! Ah, shit.


We're going on?


Are you one of Vecna's children? Are you one of his priests? Are you one of his--


We were drunk. Here.


Yeah, and like the--


Perhaps I will pick someone for you to help someday. To repay us both.


Eat the weasel!


I lick Grog the most.


And we have a month.


Bullshit! Jury duty shit! Goddamn it!


Sorry, Aes. Sorry, Aes.


Insight, maybe?


I command him to protect our goliath, with his life if he needs to, and retreat from me instantly.


Wait a minute, how much does Trinket weigh?


I am one for two on that count.


A large, lead box, yeah.


All right, then I'm going to try, even from there, being grappled, a 6th-level Flame Strike.


I still can't see what they have in the cage?


Avantika's coming for your throat. This is the evidence, do with it what you will. We go to the pomegranate tree.


Okay, now I've got to go feed the baby.


I want to ring the fucking dinner bell.


Is it up? Is it down? Is it through?


All right, that was 29. So 14.


Yeah, that worked really well last time. Totally. Somebody can.


Once we do it, it's like ringing a dinner bell.


Not far.


Just eat it, it's good.


Some people aren't scared of the water, Nott. It's actually quite safe.


So it's a fiend.


(laughs) Where does this come from?


We're strong. I'm a beefy boy.


I wanted that cow.


It's just a volume thing sometimes. Okay let's go look--


Maybe Scanlan has an idea what it is. Scanlan!


Is that recent?


For going down river. Or, well, I suppose it's going to be--


Can I do a breakdancing move where I spin around and jump up? Like Arya did in that episode of Game of Thrones.


Can I find one of the books that looks easily accessible? I want to open it up and on the inside write: "We're watching you. We saw you come in here."


I'll retrieve the crossbow bolts and that's it.


I've actually been using Bad News like a -


I'm going to rush and use my pack tactics and flank Lord Kerrion.


Okay, let's go back.


Should we move this statue off to a safe place, inside or anything?


Two fronts.


Ashley, can you pipe in?


One more time?


Karma's a bitch!


Time to kill some giant undead.


How are we gonna get through this?


I'm fine! (slurred) Scanlan has been ordering me water for the whole time has been cleared.


I make it. But it's fire?


What happened to the healing coming?


Yeah. Is he dead or is he unconscious?


There was personal stuff in there!


What a sentence! What a sentence.


The same tower we saw in the Nine Hells?


Okay, 29 points.


We got Pumat Sol back, man! We need Pumat every once and awhile.


It is. I'm grateful. I need a keepsake of your deity. [no audio]


I'm delighted. We showed a thing tonight on @Midnight of someone lounge singing Stand By Me to Donald Trump and putting the name Donald in there, so I told everyone, please tweet that to @Wilw, and people are fucking doing it.


Oh, he broke out?


Well, you can do the speech as we climb up the tower!


I'm broken on the inside. Did you see that display?


Ulara is her name.


I'm walking in there.


Okay, I'll paint it with the stuff I have.


Does it look like anything? Does it remind me of a mystic symbol of any kind?


Nott's never hit.


Second attack is a 19.


Let's get a drink.


I love ships. Ships are great.


