Oh boy. (laughs)


I think so. Hurts a little bit.


If only that were true in real life.


I'm in the back.


Stealthy bats.


We were told maybe one of those?


So we have some time. Let's regroup.


I am bowling ball sending one globule of light in after Frumpkin to go with him.


Yeah, I think you hear me barfing a lot during that game.


Actually, isn't it just naturally wherever they're looking?


I want to make a little foil pinwheel out of tin.


What the fuck is wrong with you?


I'm going to cast Message. Remember the hospital? That. You can reply to this message. (laughter)


I don't know.


Just like us.


I love how we just went through every rain song in about 30 seconds.


It's okay. It's all right. I forgot Hunter's Mark for so many episodes.


No, I would have leaned out, if I had seen it was dead, and no enemies, I would use my movement, my action to move further up to the corner, not much besides that, but join where Fjord and the duplicate are. That's it.


I got one last thing, for funsies. It's a really late birthday present. It's kind of for funsies, but Travis, I have something for you that I've been wanting to give you for a while.


This is just how Schindler did it, by the way.


Adra! You run a fantastic establishment.


Yeah, that's real good.


I was going to do something else.


You think we can get into Sovereign Uriel without anyone detecting magic on us? He's got clerics all round him--


Is that what he was like?


No, that was an hour, at least!


Looking through the door, can we tell how deep?


It's a pretty good song!


Now I'm going to cast Featherfall.


He said hi. He's like  I like your freckles, Keyleth.


Do you know if he's been successful?


We take off-- wait, you've got to cut me. Wait, where are you going to cut me?


Let's drop off our--


Vex is back.


They've gone east. They're still on the northern end of the continent, if they're on the continent at all.


You said he left before and then came back. If you don't mind my asking, the last time that he left, do you remember the circumstances of his departure?


Are her deals final?


Well, he might swing at the thing if it got closer.


Yannick. I'm Jester. It's nice to meet you.


Do we remember how high the tower orby situation was, did we get a number for it?


Scanlan? When you describe them to me?


Can I use Dispel Magic?


Who would know more?


Hey! That's nice!


No, he's my pillow! Fuck you, Molly.


No, I do not want to go up there now. I was thinking of maybe sending my cat, but that can wait. Let's go into this place.


Excuse me, sir.


Let's get some rest.


I'm with you on that.


I walk up behind Vax and I pants him.


O mighty Ioun, we are here to ask you for help, for a great danger. You might already know this, but a great danger has befallen the world. There is one who has come from another plane to become a god himself, Vecna. For all we know, he may already have achieved godhood, but he's well on his path.


All right. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and do it.


So what's our plan? What are we doing?


Quick, I just want to do a quick round of the downstairs room before going to the hatch.


I'm going to take damage.


Can I try to perceive this too?


Morgen.


We're at least going to make it cool and make it the message that it's supposed to be.


You can perform one of these (mumbling) use a bonus action to control the hand. Fuck. Okay, I can't cast Mage Hand as a bonus action with Legerdemain or whatever, right? I can only use it. Okay, then I will fire again, why not? Natural 20. (cheering)


(sighs) Can we do one thing before we go down into the cellar? This is the best day of my life, and I can't help but be suspicious.


The healing? Yeah!


Oh my gosh! Can I take my hands off?


Only one, apparently. That is what happens when you leave things alive.


I have to make a saving throw, Matt?


Okay. Then can I ask the living fauna around me if this tree is sucking life force from them? Is the tree in the middle hurting the plants all around, like for example--


Bloop!


Okay, and I'm going to shoot him. (laughs) I'm going to shoot him twice! 19?


Well that does sound useful.


Okay, Scanlan, you've got this.


Finish the rest of the blondie through the fshoom.


That's true, he does. He does heal people a lot.


We never needed a compass.


What if I stitch up the front?


The one I was touching?


That's pretty much it.


Fuck. Ugh. Same rolls. Exact same rolls.


Feed and Mead?


We're fine! Heal this guy!


Yeah, that's a lot of fungus to get through before the city. Are they still down there in the water?


I'm going to go get my sword.


We're going full Point Break terminal velocity, straight down towards Vax.


Yeah, okay, no. It's all good. Does it do anything else than whiff?


Wait, what rules? We don't know the rules!


I have movement, right?


(gorilla noise)


Taliesin art.


Like not around.


Hey, Zahra.


I still have this holy water, too.


Do you want to be? Is that weird?


What if you borrow my boots that levitate? Then you can--


Grog, I'm sorry.


You can wifi suck HP out of somebody like that?


Everything hurts and it's violently offensive to the body on every level. That stuff's disgusting. Just awful.


Should I try casting it again?


Is he single?


Trying to make amends, to make peace with my father, trying to forgive and grow and move on. And while Tary was living in the house--


And then I stay very, very still.


We could look. Have we had food and drink yet?


There is still air inside.


I'm actually scared shitless, and I would like Pike and you to go with me. I would like my sister not to go anywhere near her. That's what I would like, and that's it. You and Pike.


Is it possible to try to pull her out, or am I able to--


Yeah, I will walk up on the wall so that I'm sticking out.


It's 15 plus five.


I am very good at that.


And I will re-inspire Gern. Oh, wait, you're still injured, aren't you?


We're apparently taking someone's bounty.


Blinded and restrained?


Come on, Beau.


No, I don't. I don't do shit yet. I wait for you guys to get across, so if something happens, then I can cast it.


Why did she spare you?


Death from above.


I think I'm 40 feet within him. If you do it--


I'm looking for weirdness and traps.


I walk up behind Fjord.


We didn't even talk about how it's our one-year anniversary--


It will be no problem at all.


Has it been enough time?


Oh, well, we cased out his house. We found a big tree that we can hop the fence with. Oh, and we bought this rope and this grapple so that we can climb.


How's the half at the house going to do?


Little shits.


His last two?


I don’t want it to be super thick.


I'll send Doty back when he's done.


The Cthulhu side.


Yeah, I don't know what it does.


Can I Druidcraft some nice inviting looking bushes?


(singing) Blazing Bowstring!


Cupping?


My mouth hurts so much right now.


I'm going to sip it.


And one more? 38 plus 30 is 68.


And I'm gonna--


Grog is in the belly of the beast.


I could, but I don't want to do that. I will put Frumpkin on the wall, opposite me, ten feet ahead of me. I would love to give Frumpkin his turn to go as far along the ceiling after Nott as he can.


That's the second verse.


I'm going to be casual as I do it. I just walk up.


Well, you won’t be able to move once she goes. You won’t be able to do an action because you’re trapping yourself.


I would like to make an insight check to make sure it's not oregano.


I unsheathe Craven Edge.


I think they can see the cart. They just can't see us in it.


That is-- oh shit, where is the 1d10? Ten!


Easily.


I look over at Zahra.


Bag of Richards?


Sharpshooter. That’s 19?


Nope, it's a one.


An actual sloth?


Oh. That's lovely.


Swim, 30 foot!


Yeah, fluff the bushes a little bit.


No, that is--


What a turn. What a terrible way to go.


Oh my god, Travis. Why would you do that?


Superior? Perhaps.


You are pretty cute. Come on.


Are we going to leave now? Should we leave? I think we should leave. Maybe we should go. Do you need some money? I could lend you some money, if you want.


What about the boat?


Critical Role, ladies and gentlemen. Eric Stoltz. Google it.


You hear a (faint scream) in the distance.


Can I see that jerk who just threw the knife at me?


Hold on a second. Do you mean like you concentrate on English?


Get on up here, you stealthy fuck.


We'd like you more.


Grog does not kiss and tell.


I'm better deceiving.


Roll a d4.


Hey, we're five!


We should all be there together, because stronger in numbers, and if Pike's lying to us we kill her, and if JB's lying to us we kill her.


I will sing one more song to inspire you. I'll sing: (singing) Here's a little song I wrote! It's filled with inspiration note for note. Don't fuck up! Or I'll kill you! (laughter)


Not cool, man. Not cool.


That's the worst shit that's ever been said on this show.


Yeah, well, we were sharing a room one night, and Molly has a ritual. I think it's part of his custom. Yeah, he performs over his swords.


The letter for the Solstryce Academy.


And you have a reason to believe that they are expeditiously heading towards this bowl as well?


Captain Adella.


Aren't you going to yell the name out? (shouting) Antigua! Antigua!


Are you getting it over our earpieces?


Oh. Does that have its own DC?


He's missing so many teeth!


All right, tar first.


Your boating shoes, I'm sure, are very white.


Well, we're talking--


Is this a code? Is this backwards? This is backwards, isn't it? Fuck balls.


Yeah, the woman and then she turned into a dragon.


75 gold.


Or we have to talk to him and find out, and maybe...


No, you can't. We're on the roof around it.


Yeah. I've been on a journey and I have somewhere to go. At least, I think that I need to go.


--when you did the cannonball contest?


Fake Tiffany.


Oh, very nice.


Just Fjord.


You saw rubble.


30s?


You can tip me, I'll pass it out later.


Obviously we're interested in the prison. We're interested in somehow getting into the prison, or possibly getting our problem out of the prison. I'm not saying that we're looking for some sort of grand mastermind or otherwise, but if you feel that you're the sort of person that would have enough information in this direction of how one might get access to the prison or otherwise, and get out with their skin intact-- at least most of it-- or the sorts of people who would be interested in helping such an adventure go forward, that would be worth our while and interesting.


They're blue. That's it. It was a rough day yesterday, and-- that's it.


And-- oops!


It would be seven, 19.


He takes 12d6 and he is blinded for a minute. But he's got True Sight.


Who wants to fight the dragon tomorrow?


I'm wearing my Ring of Waterwalking, by the way.


You've got your safety tags.


That-- yeah.


Short rest, you said? Sorry, was reading my book.


Oh, yeah. A cabinet swallowed Nott, no, Twiggy. It all kind of ran together.


Trinket sits back. He's friendly.


You guys are at two failed?


Sounds just the same. Is it the same voice?


We're not going to say Ioun.


Bathroom break.


And this is why you're looking for your dad?


I'll talk about our sponsor this week.


I could use a hand for a bit.


I was going to say, they're going to hit the guard.


(singing) Angel wang.


Let's see. Let me look in my possessions. I don't think I have any butter.


I can surf on a truck! (laughter)


That was magic!


It was a temple to Ioun.


All right, give me a little bit of time to dig a ditch.


What is your offer?


I remember I have the holy oil in my hand, mixed with the blood, and I start blessing him. With bloody fist.


That was nausea!


Does Grog show up?


Mm. Tenderized.


I catch up, and I give Jester the flower necklace.


Okay, 19 plus 11 is 30.


Do you act--


And we still are blessed, right?


If you would like us to fill out the paperwork. I have about two reams of paperwork for you to fill out, to release them to us, as well. And also there will be court costs involved, oh boy, in triplicate. You'll have to get your supervisor to fill out this one, and I will need this one, and I will need this one, as well--


I'm going to step out and Guiding Bolt him, that was my plan.


As a whale.


Well, they asked if I actually thought out a story for him. He does have a thing for this character named Allura.


That's the snake I punched.


Well it just means get your fucking demons out. Chew it up.


I pick a tree that's big enough to fit all of our fat faces.


(loud whispering) Do you want to drop off that key first?


Think. (all laugh)


I closed the one, but then he said that they could levitate so I decided it wasn't worth it.


I think you should go to Kraghammer and become a circus performer with a little tin cup and a little hat and say, "Oh dear, I am Demistrik, the magical imp." That's where you belong, I tell you right now.


Oh, it's all right, though, 35.


These are from October. These are not the current ones.


Warbling Obsidian is my Black Crowes cover band.


He doesn't know. He will tell us later.


Friends from out of town.


How did my cat do?


It's a very loud--


I will go in the back, but I will send Frumpkin 80 or 90 feet in front of all of us and conga line behind whoever is second to last.


Well, that's very fair.


How will we know it's there?


Actually, that's not correct.


All depends on how we decide to act as we get out of here. I'm sure you know a very safe way to the surface, yes?


(whispering) Caleb!


I will heal her.


That was so gross.


What? That is a very common sentiment. Isn't it?


I would do it, but eh.


Okay, so I'm going to do a slam attack through it. Come on! Ah, fuck. I don't know if that stone'll respond. Oh, this is to the wall, though, right?


So, riders, show of hands. Rider, rider?


--yeah yeah yeah!


Yeah, we were switched. That's right. It's weird. It does feel weird.


What are you reading, what are you reading, Marisha?


Oh, my goodness, you guys! The amazing Darin De Paul, already. He kicked off the season.


How far is Shadycreek?


A Retali-tali--


I don't carry books.


If I give you like a lot of money, will you tell the guy over there that we had a sweet shag?


A suicide mission? He was born for this.


I'm going to try and attune to it.


Keyleth, you have just passed the final challenge of your Aramente.


Okay, good day, thank you.


Let's set up camp, and if you feel like you want to make one last--


I'm on the ground laughing.


This is the best tree of all time.


Next attack has advantage, I defer to you. I'll hold my roll.


Oh shit, the music! The music!


Did I miss something?


Kill all the dragons and save the day.


She's just quiet 'cause she's feeling smug about the last game.


I'm into curiosities. I'm a curious person.


Yeah, it's short for bourgeois, which is super ostentatious.


Yeah, so. But I'm going to be taking a negative for these hits. Still three attacks per--


I am gambling on whoever we scry to, because they could all be dead.


All right. I’m game.


Hello, Archie.


I don't know, he's got a fighting chance. I love that we were scrambling for d6's when we have this right in front of us.


Orthax.


Sorry, a lot on my mind. Speaking of the aurochs, I asked you yesterday if you'd heard if any of the farmers had had their cattle hit? You heard that yet?


Cocaine.


I'd rather him not know, right now, that Vorugal's dead because--


Fine. Okay.


Not yet. I can wait-- actually, yeah. I'm going to use my reaction, my once per short rest, my spell swallow.


Did I hear what? (laughter)


You'll eat your rice and play Dungeons and Dragons.


Let him go?


(popping)


13. (whispers) The Gentlemen.


So am I correct to assume our plan is that we're going to march this Horn through the town? Until we get to the temple?


He's killing our nostalgia for the carpet.


Well!


You killed him. Was he related to you in some way?


So I just thought, you know, maybe after we handle the Horn, maybe we can pop in. You know, since we're here.


Goddamn it. It's personal now.


Wait, 1350 z by 1350 x?


Have you heard him talk about paste?


So are we close enough now that we can start this?


I try to be.


The Prime Trammel.


Ah, I'm still shaking.


12 plus 12. 24.


I will take my dagger, and I will slice a little bit off of the woman, and it's going to get dark in here and I will snuff out the light and use the rag to roll it up and I'll put the little piece in my pack.


Roll a what now?


I hop up on the table next to her and start yelling: Beau! Beau!


That's how you get a Pinhead, man. Nope. (laughter)


Ah, fuck.


In the fetal position.


Thaddeus Klossowski von Musel.


Yeah. It's about to be. We're all touching. Let's get rid of that fucker.


You got to stay within 60 feet of us? 30 feet?


I'm casting it twice.


Mm, delicious.


Oh, that's nice! 25 points of damage.


I just kinda want to walk across the room.


Personal journey.


Oh, it's blinded? But do I still need that to sneak attack, though? Or does it matter? Never mind. I'm running at it, and since Kima's right there, I'm going to stab the bejesus out of it.


Do we need a little greasing?


Ah! What happened? What's going on?


Aren't you at death's door?


Well, I have a thought.


Wrap them up.


11. As long as I don't lose concentration I can keep turning us into different things.


I just really wanted to hug you, too.


I'm reaching under her mattress and seeing if she's stuck anything between.


Shit. He's got the iPhone out.


Yeah, ix-nay on the Garmelie-- I think I'm doing Pig Latin wrong. Yeah.


Five dollars? That's nothing!


Suggestion only works-- but Mass Suggestion works for a long time.


I also want to see what lightning does, so if you don't want to get electrocuted.


Okay, what was the guy's name that was getting a tattoo?


(laughs) This is my favourite game, you guys!


You're very handsome. I just need to tell you.


(distorted) And you said that that tower was full of some sort of flame, right?


Jeez. Oh, much better.


I was carrying you. You're on Trinket with me, aren't you? Can he carry both of us?


I get down on my knees. I think he's still here with us.


How much to get a package to Felderwin?


I'll stay as well.


Where the real accents come from!


This sounds like we're all going to die!


I run up to my room to make sure that everything's neat. Light a bunch of candles.


Fabulous. Let's head there and see how you do.


We should steal everything.


Is Jester able to mend some of those damaged--?


Blink once for 15 minutes. Blink twice for an hour or more.


Oh, I'm grappled! I'm raging, but. Fuck yes! Intelligence saving throws?


Okay. So it's like New York.


Oh, that's what it was. Okay, so we go to the Evening Nip to investigate her, and then we just happen to talk to the Gentleman, too?


Okay. Plus what?


No, this is that night?


With five hit points.


He's definitely not a challenge for Overlord status, that's for sure. Guys, so in case you're wondering what all of this 5k hype is that you keep seeing, if you're watching from home and you tuned in after we started. Megiyama in the chatroom has challenged you guys, the audience, if we get up to 5,000 subscribers tonight, he will buy a very large, and by very large I mean eight feet tall. It is massive. He sent me a picture; it is massive, I don't know where we will put it. We'll figure it out somehow. He will buy that for us and ship it to us, it's a very, very generous thing to help get us to 5,000 subscribers, and I was told from some people in the chat that I should also contribute in some way, shape, or form, so I have agreed to dress up as Pengulord tomorrow all day if we reach this goal. And for those who don't know, there was a very large war this morning in team No Stream, the chatroom, while we were offline. Someone thought it would be funny to put my face on a penguin. I did not think it was funny, and I timed out and banned every single person that referenced it, and exalted all of my power as Overlord, so it pains me to agree to do this, very much so, because it completely diminishes everything I've strived so hard for in world domination. Penguins are the least-threatening animals on the planet, and I despise them.


A thousand.


What can you do with the head?


Nope. Sorry, I haven't used the blood axe in a while. 39 points of damage. Three points of necrotic.


I have to return my key to the Pillow Trove.


Oh, I don't know what you're talking about I'm just sitting there with my sketchbook, drawing Captain Avantika with daggers. Sticking into her like a voodoo doll.


You could pick 'em off as they run through. I'm not helping. I'm sorry.


How about you go first?


This is going to make a giant alligator so happy.


From collectibles [inaudible]. It's like Comic-Con in a box!


So four points of damage plus four psychic.


No, we're sitting down for parental issues.


That's not-- no.


But it will all be worth it if we can remove the head of this shitty black dragon.


Same thing. Rolled the same thing.


I'll just start a new one. Don't worry about it. Fuck, why?


Critters, and the usual.


She's right, immediately the two of us are going to get hit with this.


Yeah, that’s also true.


All right, well. Oh! Hugs?


Oh dear. Do you have any coin?


It's like, 'fuck, okay'.


All right. I think he's planning on ambushing us.


Really? Everything going on right now, and you're worried about my dad? Typical boyfriend, I guess. That's fair.


And then I'm going to shoot him. With sharpshooter!


Yeah, put it in mine.


Hold on, I'm looking.


No, I wouldn't have brought it up if something had happened.


I should get an extra one for healing you for poison, so that's two for me.


Can I understand how it functions?


Should we blow up the tunnel?


No, Grog, please don't. Don't shop without me.


Yeah it says the DM will have the statistics.


Yeah, we’ll have dope one-liners.


Did you black out?


It's okay, buddy. This isn't the first time you've been knocked unconscious.


That's good! Acrobatics. 28.


And Percy, your weapons are still on you because you already had an illusion on you, right?


All right! Let's get 'em!


No, I was pulling her by the arm.


One. I have one of it.


Hate those. Pictures good?


I've never seen so many people happy for a natural one.


How's my foot doing these days?


Can I stand up on the bed and try to make the hole look like it wasn't perfectly painted, like it was like broken wood?


That is what she's going to do.


Can you make me an explosive axe?


As a fine appreciator of the haberdasher arts-- (laughter)


Yeah, we could give it away, give it away, give it away now.


I still got Pass Without a Trace because I didn't cast Hunter's Mark.


We do this to everybody. It's all right.


He wanted us to-- Did you find it?


I was like  barnacles! She already said that.


Do it by hand? We might not have that much time.


It's worth more as it is.


Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah.


Goblins?


Whoa! Double eights!


Did you say 40 feet?


Faithless until the end.


I can only move so fast through the room.


I like it. It's a good plan. This is definitely not going to backfire. Let's go. (laughter)


He's up a hill.


Wait. Shit. What did I just roll? 16 plus four. That's 20. And then this is another-- 40.


At the necromancer! Let's start with that bound necromancer. He's fun.


He's probably going to die. Oh man, poor guy. He'll be fine.


Yeah, top of their turn.


Nott, want a trinket? To remember Molly by?


Feels like three months.


Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.


I will stay where I am.


No, change it up-- stop, Taryon!


Can we see out?


Nott, with the fucking tongues again, my man.


Oh god, what?


And Scanlan.


Jesus Christ. Ten.


Nice. I suck.


Disadvantage on abilities?


Okay, 1d4. Four!


I'm also getting my shit.


You know, you're a very brilliant person.


Did you write this?


We have to get Molly out!


What you going to do?


Bloop. Outlook shady.


Go under them!


Tary, are you in for one more adventure before heading home?


You could just pop out of the room and meet us on the way.


Marisha?


Hmm, they're just plain rings, but they're very pretty.


"Commence as discussed."


Okay, so that is a 24 to hit.


Holy shit, that's right, that's also going on! Every day feels like a year.


Now that Percy's arm has healed, I'm fine.


Even if we don't, they probably are going to get much more vindictive overall.


But if we keep going, we'll get to the--


What's the name of her ship?


I push Yrat back, away from Freddie.


Hey, I feel great, guys! (all laugh)


Milk for me, please.


You don't listen, anyway.


Yeah, I mean he's built-- he's built a lot, but I assume he's probably built secret entrances into different places.


I give him a hug back.


There could be other worms around.


I really haven't. You still have your sanity and your life. I will take your life tonight, but I can leave you your sanity.


Gern.


Oh, we gotta find the--


Oh, I'm so sorry, did you cover that already?


I say into my thing, "Scanlan, what the hell's going on?"


Over this way?


You're just unconscious.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll give you two normies.


Dumbfuck ending.


Yes, that's wise.


Oh, Percy's dead, hashtag save Percy.


You are my best man!


(quietly) Wow.


And what is this task?


If I crouch behind the table from where Dashilla is, will I get half cover or something?


No, really, what is happening?


I am ready, my body is ready.


Pyramid's good. We're with you, yeah.


Never. I think I have a talent for it though. I just felt the words coming out and I went with it.


What do you expect from the Crownsguard, though?


Yeah, just in case he comes in the morning.


Am I invisible?


I'm trying to make myself big.


We're a writing and tutoring organization. We really want to get kids excited about writing. We want to honor their creativity and give them a space where they can have fun and engage with volunteers who can listen and help guide them in their storytelling and in their writing. We do this after school tutoring, we do night time tutoring and we do workshops. We also do a field trip program, and then we also go into schools all across Los Angeles to provide this free, one-on-one service to kids.


Nice. Nice job.


It's okay! It's okay! We'll talk later.


Doesn't Ipsis-- small like?


He's gone! Where is he?


It's a strength saving thing, so--


Oh hey.


I do have something that might up the party a little bit.


Does he still have some drink in front of him?


You know, here's the thing. He's already been with the Ruby of the Sea, so probably nothing you do could compare to that. Kind of sad, really.


Yeah, he had a tiger-skin hoodie.


They saw the Fireball go over their heads, yes.


Caduceus. What the hell?


Why are you drinking salt water?


Because of Cutting Words.


You nasty, boy! 27.


That's fucking sick!


For fuck's sake!


Sprigg, you're seeking power.


Let's stick around to the sides.


I'm still awake. I'm going to fall asleep last.


Yeah, it's very angsty teen!


I shouldn't try anything fancy, right?


Like a boneyard sort of a place?


Which is this one?


That's amazing. In the same drawing?


Do you want to distract him and we'll meet you on the other side?


We are going to Hell.


I'll also go in the back.


65? Holy shit you're a deity!


Yeah, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. How are you?


We're going to have to work on our analogies, I feel like there is something missing here. Yeah, okay, a bunny coyote.


Oh, that's a one. Nine.


I still really feel like we're being watched. Do you feel that? I don't know.


Can you describe to me what it looks like? Is it noticeable?


Was Percy not in the circle before?


Because they're dropped off.


All right, I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Vow of Enmity on the bone devil.


Yeah, I'm going to come in the corridor as well.


With my help.


Oh, god, I thought you said nine. I nearly shit my pants.


I would think there would be enough time overlap, though, for Detect Magic to still have one or two minutes left before we get to the end of Identify. So if that is brought over, do I notice any sort of glow from--


Oh, really? It was a direct contest?


No, that's--


Right, yeah. I'm pushing people through.


That's funny. I'm going to burn an action surge and I'm going to shoot her two more times because it's funny. Where is she? What's behind her?


I know that I have read that Frumpkin can help me give me advantage.


Yeah, okay. I suggest you tell us the absolute truth of your intentions with this bowl.


Yeah, those crystals that we started to break when we were in the Shadowfell.


This is kind of therapeutic. Making me feel better, just about life in general.


You stay away, you piece of--! It's okay.


Nott, are you sure you don't want to come in? I'm sure Jester would hold your hand or something.


Oh hey, Gary, what's up? Aww man. God damn it, Gary. You were always a dick.


Why do you bring up the number of people in the party?


Did you see anything or have a vision? I don't know.


(splutters) How many times have we told you? Don't let guests in when we're not here!


She just changed the game.


No, we're fucking clouds.


You can never have enough Scanlan. There's always room for Scanlan.


By the way, blackbird has a hit point of one, so technically you popped back into gnome form the second you hit the ground.


If we hear anything, we're going to charge down there. They'll be fine.


Well, before you guys take off. Just going to try and sew it on the corners.


That's a lot of air math going on.


Wait, it could be anything?


I have explosive arrows, but I don't think they'll work underwater.


He's going to be playmates with me.


It's okay! You were mid-swing, I get it. We are fine it was just a shield. We're fine.


Boggle!


I gave you back your armor and shit.


Somewhere in here!


We were the only two people in that cell.


(laughing) Kill him, Pike! Kill the bearer of bad news.


Grog you can do the "ch?"


He said he's bigger than the dark, so we see his head coming out.


Did you know Sorudin?


21, yeah.


I'm going to drop down. Can I make an aimed shot against something I can't see?


So is this leading into something crazy?


Blind or deaf?


That's who we're looking for.


Yes, but your smell is.


I guess it's time to go.


Yeah, please, bring it. I feel bad that we didn't get to--


Nor me.


I walk out.


It is definitely Cree's speciality.


Be our guest.


I'm on vacation, so nothing's going to be amazing. Is the sword still on the ground?


I do have line of sight?


24 hours!


God, we've got to roll like a 27 in order to break it!


It looks very realistic.


Past the lava!


I have this little black rock that you gave me.


Any sound coming from either of them?


Phil?


That's what you do.


The Feywild.


Is it hot? Feels hot.


Well, we can figure out a way. Enough of us can turn into flying things to get you there.


You'll get it re-enchanted.


(panting) I'm exhausted.


Let's go fight.


Yeah?


I do a twirl. (more laughter)


It's a pleasure doing business with you.


Now, here's the thing. I may be speaking out of turn-- I know I don't know you very well, but it feels like the thing that we all share in common here is that we don't wish to make-- maybe not you-- make a big splash here.


I'm in a mood.


Destroy the stone...


Draconians.


Soul matter?


Do you need a globule or an owl?


Scanlan and I are in agreement, and here's the problem. If things go south in Uriel's palace, we are then forced to fight against people who are good and true, or give up and go to jail, which sucks.


I'll get the calculator out, because my brain is not working.


He's not hiding! He's going to run up to this area so that he's got a better vantage point to run up for the next turn.


I... I joined your group of friends-- I guess our group of friends, now-- as a testament of faith, and it would be a disservice to that faith to turn around because it's hard. If it'd have been easy, I suppose I wouldn't have been needed to be called to it. I've been thinking a lot about it. Jester gave me a lot to think about, to be honest.


Can you dispel it or something?


What about the cloak?


Okay, that's good to know. I lead the way to Chastity's Nook.


All right. I'm going to use my bonus action to use the single charge on Summer's Eve-- doesn't use a spell slot-- to Misty Step from my position in the water up to where Marius is.


I have one more level three, whatever it's called, level three healing potion. They're called called superior or something? What's the word for it?


It's okay. I feel like maybe I just look that way, because I don't feel like I have much of anything together, or know where I'm going.


Of course I can.


Yeah! Come on, you big bearded bastard! 58.


No, that one fails me a lot.


Then we can have a talk about that.


There's a system. I will discover the system. I'm going to keep running around like a kid.


All the other teams already responded. We were the third.


I got a four!


I want to shoot the rakshasa!


But wouldn't that be--?


Still so little expression on that face.


No one told Caleb shit.


Oh, okay, sure.


Wet willie.


Great notes. Jesus.


Aw, that's a shame.


I drop Polymorph.


Hey, while he's out, should we get this sword off him?


I don't like this plan at all. What if someone-- What if one of the gnolls wanders into this room and sees five of his dead brothers?


We have another bottle. Don't we?


I'm not going with them. No way, there are terrible bombs and stuff there.


I'm still Hasted, yes?


Yep, mm-hmm.


I wish I had something that could help Molly out.


We've been doing that already.


When I can do multiple spells, like two, versus you, who can do one, that means that I can do one more spell than you can per round. (laughter)


I peek around my brother and go, "Isn't there anyone else in the house?"


I keep wanting to use this spell that I have, but I haven't been able to do it yet.


Yes, they are glorious.


Sorry, Matt. Sorry, Matt.


Can I use Misty Step to appear right next to him in the water and scare the shit out of him?


Okay, well, I stop that.


We have eins, zwei, drei, vier, und fünf.


(Scottish accent) Oh, you're going to Loch Anus, are you?


Wind blows! Fire burns!


I'm going to take one shot at him.


What about drapes on the windows?


The locate-the-thing spell.


It's Ulara! Ulara.


Scan-Man, can you rearrange the inside of the mansion to look like whatever you want--


30-- sorry, 28! 28!


I don't think I wear one as well as you do.


Secure it and come back and tell him where it is--


Where's Pike? Where did Pike go?


Okay. I'm going to run forward and attack him because he's not moving at all.


Anyone you point out to me, I'm pretty sure I can woo.


Can we stealth around them and not fight them at all?


Yeah. Next week, I think, is where we're stopping. Halloween will be the last day?


Bigby's Hand him? Grab him?


And I will then start moving. Where am I?


Do we want to stay the night here, then? I can't mist us right now. I'm tapped out. Camp here.


Organ?


Hey man, I was just doing what Fjord told me to, okay? So don't you give me shit!


We're moving forward as quickly as possible.


Get them undone.


First comes love. Then comes marriage.


Me and Jester will be in the invisibility cone.


Liam, what did you say?


Second time your cat just vanished.


No. Again, I don't want to impose.


Who his boss was?


No idea.


We got the horses last time.


All right! Looking for traps! That's okay, 15.


Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a little tipsy.


I think that was the best one I've ever heard, though, Ashley. That was a really good one.


No. I can carry five up to 4th-level spells. It's my Ring of Spell Storing. It can carry up to five spells that go up to 4th level.


So we just walk up and--


They have to make a wisdom save if they attack her. Then as an action, I'm going to use my cantrip of Sacred Flame.


We can have some girl talk later, but right now, focus on the dragon.


Do we need to have Honda distract Tiffany? Can we not do this right now while she's theoretically sleeping?


Are we?


When we were at the opening, we were 50 to 60 feet away.


Ye olde NyQuil.


So four. Six. And then I want to step in front of her, between her and that one, and then stab the one.


(excitedly) Yeah!


Yeah. I'll push in a little bit more.


Ah, fucking ankle. Come on.


The one on top is not?


Fjord?


Yeah, we're down here, obviously we belong.


It's got to match the outfit. I automated the system for making shot and powder for the castle. I created a royal guard that-- and have been training an elite group of soldiers specifically to guard the family and the house. They were the Whitestone Musketeers until Cassandra said that that was silly and so they were called the Riflemen.


He has a plan.


Only by a little. I want him to miss, right?


(hums Black Hole Sun)


Is he getting within 15 feet of me?


If you don't have an aerator, you can put it in a mason jar and shake it up a bit.


I also have poison.


By the way, I have some of Liam's dice in front of me.


Towards Ustaloch! It's the fucking lake! [crosstalk]


You can cast the coin. Okay. All right.


Take a nap?


What? Who? What? What's going on?


(singing) Eight-foot Trinket, here we come!


Fuck this podunk town.


Followers and more! You can also track hit points and customize the name and stats for all of your creatures! To celebrate, I've crafted a quick little trivia quiz for Laura! We'll start with Laura and bounce around. I searched through D&D Beyond's list of actual familiars listed on their site. I will name four creatures. One of these is actually a board game. The other three are actual D&D familiars. Which is the board game and not a familiar? A) Boggle, B) Juiblex, C) Pudding King, D) Unstable Unicorns.


I am at 13.


He's up above us, though.


I thought I was tracking.


You're welcome. Forgive me if I'm--


Well, next time.


We might as well Thaumaturgy to see if we can make a little more light in the room.


17 hits.


Does the sultan mark his slaves?


Yeth?


And we're immune to fear.


I'll take that. I'll take that. (all laugh)


Vex, this is all yours.


Maybe like an attic access or something?


We'll keep it in mind.


He's a big guy.


Well, how about I put one arm under his face and help him.


I told you he'd open up to me! (laughter)


The fancy one. The tall one.


Can you scry?


So I'm with Anna. Trinket-- I tell him to hold onto her and drag her along with us.


Then we'll meet them at the shop.


Yep. ASHLEY -- and we knew both of us were just too powerful--


I'm going to cast Expeditious Retreat and since that is transmutation-- and I smell the ozone as soon as I hit the ground-- I am going to make my Transmuter's Stone make me resistant to lightning.


Did I see any books on the way out?


Did you say you encourage my violence?


It's a crazy plan, but it just might work.


We are simply passing through. We are in search of something. If you choose to help us, we may let you live.


By the way, Matthew.


Okay. 24.


Well, technically, he wasn't part of the performance, technically he was saving everyone. Technically.


They're like this little, because I had to make them out of only two sheets of--


Then we all eat them.


Are there any crownsguard-- or I'm going to say zol-eezzo?


It's a bad idea for you to stay. We would need you.


We need to make camp? You need to rest? Or can we go now?


That's what I was totally going for.


This is serious. Largest publisher of science fiction and fantasy. From Tor Books comes Oathbringer, book three of The Stormlight Archives. Humanity faces a new desolation with the return of the Voidbringers, Matthew. A foe with numbers as great as their thirst for vengeance. Find Oathbringer out now in paperback wherever books are sold. For more of the latest science fiction and fantasy releases, follow @torbooks. That's T-O-R Books. I'm going to resume doing unspeakable things. (air hissing) Tor Books.


Wait, does cathartic mean sad?


What would you have done if you shat your pants on that fifth step?


You could, in theory, paint a small boat on the deck of the ship if no one was watching, but that would be a difficult thing to do.


Or if you see something. How far are we from the inn?


What? Why would that-- no!


Oh, it does, that's right.


We did it, we did it.


I have 130.


I did, too. SAM. And also there's the Gentleman, and also we need a lead box. Oh my God, there's so much to do!


Can it make living things?


I send in two globules after her to see the antiqued goblin.


My high school German teacher's first language was Spanish. It was real weird.


Cool. We'll find out. I'm going to go downstairs


Not as fast as the dragon.


Oh, really? I didn't know you felt--


So exciting!


This is definitely what we talked about.


Well, that could have gone better.


Well, he will be once he takes his damage.


Well, you're not entirely wrong, I don't know if I can Teleport via Plants because generally that takes knowing the plant. However, I do have Tree Stride, which means we can-- nope, never mind, I can only do that on myself.


That's right. She's my companion, she's my friend. There's nothing to make a big deal about. That's why she's wrapped up. Just leave it, please.


Okay, everything steady as she goes?


And 16 for the second one.


Ulog.


It's pretty gruesome.


That's right, she does!


Not me. I'm staying with Caleb until the bitter end.


Another option  you said that these three passageways, they curve this way, and that the two on the sides don't have a really good look at each other, right? On the left is a bunch of undead fuckers, right? And on the right we've got a humanoid and two little crunched over guys, right? So you've got that Silence doohickey, and us. So we could bet it all on stealth-kills, and creep in and go. Leave it all behind. One in the middle's now empty. One on the left over around the corner is undead.


Oh shit. You need help, Matt?


You guys really needed to meet her. Tiberius, you would've liked her a lot.


No, it's not judging.


Fuck that.


He might have saw the face of a god.


Attack the tower. Tell it to attack the tower.


Do I have any chance in hell knowing where she went? Because I start looking around immediately.


Oh, hey. I got a head!


Somebody's going to find me.


I should put on my pants.


This could go-- (interested noises) Yes. Yes, I think I could do something with this.


Freddie, you can't end up here.


Okay, so she's not entirely invalid.


You have to choose between this group and that sword.


He's going to know we're here. They're going to tell him.


Because of Sharpshooter.


You don't care!


We can't leave.


Well, okay.


I pull out the red gem and hold it next to the picture. Does it look like the same?


We are so excited over chump change to Vox Machina.


Scanlan, I think you and I going to go see how people are feeling in the town while everybody else looks for a new hidey-hole, yeah?


All right, all right, all right, all right, all right. I'm going to Shapechange.


Who's this king of yours?


What are you guys looking for?


That's why the Thunderwave hit us all, because we're all in one giant room together.


Okay, so you know what? Can I nix that?


Oh, they're that close?


Not so soon! (grumbling)


Are you back? You were gone?


I thought we were supposed to turn the ceiling from up here, no?


We could bring in a lot of kindling.


Just make sure you bring it back home.


Anything you took from the circus was not real.


In the interest of the internet, we should probably do stage whispers.


Everything fun takes a minute.


I drop my fire elemental form.


(laughs) Wow. Fucking cold.


Okay, I'm going to grab the javelin really quick. I'm going to walk over to the guy who's just starting to crawl out of the pit.


(Infernal voice) Crocodile Dundee.


Soon!


The trouble is, once it becomes a problem, it continues to be a problem until you cut it off at the root.


On the house!


You're not afraid of death, are you?


This against Kerrion, right?


So fucking close.


Can I (mutters inaudibly) in the earring, as quiet as a mouse? Can I just breathe it?


Okay, I rolled 18 on the stealth.


I'm so happy that you are alive and safe, and I came a great distance to do other things, but mainly to see you, and I just wanted to say a few things before I go off to complete my mission. You know, I know I'm not the father that you wanted, but I'm the father that you have, and I'm sorry. I just wanted to tell you that I've been doing a lot of thinking about you, and me, and where I fit in to the life of a family man. Most of my adult life, I've been longing for a gnome to care for, and I met a really good one, and she's here and her name is Pike. And she's beautiful and wonderful, and possibly my soulmate, but I've learned that she's not my family and never will be. You're the gnome that I'm to care for forever, and I'm doing something very stupid now with my friends. We're going to try to save the world. And I didn't know why, but now I know, and if we die doing it, it will be for a good thing, and if we don't, then, well, I'll find you, and I'll be whatever kind of father you need me to be. One who's close and helpful.


Similar to James Spader.


Well, they get everywhere. It's a swarm.


You got my dice.


Yeah, no. I'm okay with this.


I can do Seeming one more time. All right.


Just one-handed, so it's a d8. Doubled, though.


Everybody's doing so much better suddenly. It's as if the vacuum means other people have to start pulling some slack. It's nice.


I've got an idea. Can I borrow some of that infinite rope?


Yeah. Sometimes we stay at the Pillow Trove, you know.


You're strong.


No. She will put her back against Caleb, back to back.


(whispered) Now.


You said it was grayish, right?


Kord?


The rag's in his throat. You are going to listen very carefully as my friends ask you some questions. You'll shake your head yes or shake it no.


It had another one?


Yes. Definitely.


Plus it would be nice to give Shale some gold to take back to the Herd.


(quietly) I didn't.


All right, well, I mean I guess we can all walk to her room and knock on the door. It's a little weird, right?


Have you ever put them one on top of the other and make a platform shoe?


I'm also going pull off a chunk of tail and see if it will pass.


Me and Nott are having a dance party in ours.


That's a 25?


Does that mean you could permanently do it to him, and then we cast Dispel Magic on him later to undo it?


Yeah? Are you okay with that, Scanlan?


We got this. We got this.


Excellent. I give him a big kiss on his cheek, and it's real smelly. Me, not him.


Angle it to that camera.


Okay, fine. No, you said it! You said it!


Are we finishing tonight?


I know. I'm a little frightened.


A one! (group cheers)


Yeah. (laughter)


Keep it to yourself.


Does it make a lot of water?


Yes. You probably have had some drinks with him before.


Deception. That's a 20.


Oh, this is messed up.


I'm calm.


-- other stuff coming up that I'm real excited about, and I'll show it to you when it's here.


Avoid! (whooshing sound)


I'm going to walk forward.


For a bit.


This table is taken by The Mighty Nein, but if you need anything, there's other tables.


I can't really do anything; it's just a whack, right?


Oh, it does magnet. It does actually magnet.


Sorry, sorry, sorry, I meant, sorry, I meant-- Animal Shapes. No?


So the first one is a 19, plus five points of necrotic damage for 24.


I'm going to go get rid of this concussion now.


Can we see the tower through the doorway?


Not at all, yeah.


A Wal-Mart in Anchorage, or something like that.


Yeah, aren't we done here?


Yes. What's with that, so.


You did good, Sandman.


It was two carts, you said?


A little less than 55.


Can anybody heal it? Can you kill it again?


It happens all the time when you bend it.


Unhook the other horse so we can steal that one, too.


Beat a 20, bitch!


Probably inside.


I feel like he would like you a lot, you know, because number one, he likes people that can be sneaky because it's fun, right? And you can be sneaky.


Question  for the Assassin path of rogue, at 9th level, if I have seven days, which is way too much time, I can impersonate anyone I want. In half a day, could I just be a dirty nobody?


We're gonna have a website with all our characters.


That is true. We probably do. We made quick work of the camp. It was a proud moment for us, one that will be storied for generations.


Listen to your ears.


I'd be grateful if anyone got a sample of that bioluminescent fungus.


Tell me, friend. Why did they keep you alive?


Check out the Geek and Sundry store for fantastic Critical Role-themed products and merchandise! There are shirts and posters for sale!


Oh, Yasha's...


Two attacks? But I got the hasted boots on. I clicked the heels.


We should do his dad.


We're using one.


That got harder, man, damn.


If not a little beyond?


Are you praying over your swords tonight?


I've got a big axe. I'll paddle the boat towards the island.


Wow, that was a deep cut.


Holy shit! Yasha rolled a natural 20! (cheering)


It's all right. Pucker up, we're okay.


You fucking died.


From the glowing gnome?


Oh my god. Can I have that?


But does anybody have an aging spell? Something that causes things to disintegrate things? Maybe we could rust the metal as well?


I'm going to cast at 2nd-level.


Yeah, man.


I pull up. I'm going to take my first shot. I'm going to take a straight shot and I'm going to blow a point of grit. We'll get to that, and I'm going to try to get him to drop his sword. First thing is I'm going to try and get him to drop the sword. That's a 34 to hit.


So that's gone.


142.


Waterfall.


Nott, why don't we check for traps, too?


Well, Frumpkin's a bird, right?


Ticklish.


Yeah, three.


Watching?


Okay, Allura. (laughter)


He hasn't moved at all?


Orly Skid--


I could make a mirror.


(sings) My honest husband.


We progress forward into the room down the stairs. Wherever the stairs lead.


She's a necromancer.


12. I already asked that.


Yeah, we really do. He's written some fanfiction about it. You just wait.


Three superior.


Oh, he won't?


Well, I don't know. I don't know him.


I also gave you advantage on everything.


I'm a dad. (all laugh)


Although I don't really know what I'm going to do. Who do I still see? Just Caleb way in the back. Jester--


Lady Keyleth, is that you? Oh, it's--


They also don't see any of you. They just see me and whoever's sitting up front right now.


Is there any moisture in the corners of the room?


Yeah. We go to the Open Quay.


Yeah, sure it fails you.


No, it is good. It's good, it's just... Oh, Sprigg. No, it's fine. It's good. I don't know. Everything in my life seems to have this impermanence factor about it. So I hope he's not something that can be used and discarded.


Hi, guys! As you know, we love D&D Beyond. It's easy to use, the interface is super high tech. Since their sponsorship helps us make this show, we thought we'd use all the cutting edge editing software in our fabulous new studio to make D&D Beyond a mind-blowing special effects ad. (explosions) Explosions, I assume. For instance, look at my face. Looks normal now, right? But when we add high tech CGI effects: Oh, I look like a beholder! Roar! Antimagic cone! D&D Beyond! Okay, reset. Now, check out this awesome face swapping feature. Okay, right now, I look like Sam Riegel. But now (whoop). Oh, I'm Matt Mercer. Welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors get to look at how handsome I am. Oh, now I'm doing a Cajun accent. Okay, reset. But that's not all. Now, it looks like I'm holding nothing, right? But now, with special effects. (gasp) Oh! I've got an adorable blink dog in my hands. Aw, isn't Nugget so cute? And reset. Wow, that was just a taste of the amazing special effects that D&D Beyond sponsorship covers here at the studio. Thanks, D&D Beyond, and if you don't mind, Scotty, beam me up! I'm probably gone by now, right? That was great! Thanks, Max. I can't wait to see how it cuts together. I can't wait to see all the effects.


Thank God. Natural 20! So, this is going to suck for him!


There were a lot of traps in the last house we were in.


And did he know that you came over here?


Do ranged attacks also have advantage? Oh! So you grab something and we start whaling on it from a distance?


She's going to rob you blind.


There's three ways.


I would prefer taking that direction. I don't want to head straight towards them.


So it's leading up to a plateau?


Wait, we're branded, and then I've got mine, and then he has his.


Yeah, I'll jump over towards the doors as well.


That is the Clarota one, wasn't it? You're giving the Clarota thing, the resistance-to-mind stuff?


Too much detail.


They're all around us, man.


We've just been killing our friends for no reason?


Liam, we ended the last round, did Fluffernutter, we won.


Like, can I hit him with it?


All right, I'm going to take another shot. Same thing. Headshot.


I'm looking. (laughter)


I go out and grab Vex. Little EG, what are you doing? You told them to give them bad food tonight? These are Trickfoots! We have to treat them with honor and respect.


How many Grogs?


She started within 15 feet?


Thank you so much, but I don't want to be in that predicament again! Can we draw them out somehow?


No, thank you guys all so much! I've said this to Matt, but I've been hearing stories of Vox Machina since before you guys started streaming from Matt, and I've watched the whole show, so this was super awesome to get to be here and play with you guys.


I'm just so useless in this fight.


Yeah! Halloween's when you want it to be!


All right, Grog, maybe?


Frenzied Rage. Reckless. Great Weapon Master. All up on him.


Right, it's creepy as shit.


With the cube out?


Tonight. To lock him in.


Wait, did you say your name?


That's too specific. Too specific, she might have gone to a place that wasn't a tannable place.


My leather pants are singed! (laughter)


104 gold.


Can't run away.


Jump in!


Are there any other boxes or things to search down here before we get out?


Honda, are you going to be able to--


Are Vex and Percy walking with me?


Yeah, actually, while we walk back to Greyskull, what happened?


Oh shit! Medallion of cigar smoke. Medallion of stogies.


That's been about an hour, I think.


Maybe you should not be touching it.


She's practically the royal treasurer. She's just happier that way.


Three! Let's go!


Okay. I think, let us reserve that for now because Frumpkin can do the job. Let's get closer to this place and it would only take five minutes. He will go.


Go for it, then. See what happens.


Ten to 12 feet? Yeah, I'm going to make both of my attacks at Mama Bear. Yeah, because I've got to move. Either I move and it senses the non-stealthy-- yeah, fuck it, I'm just going to take both of my Bloodaxe attacks at it with the first one Great Weapon Master. Not reckless. 21?


You can't see shit, either.


Like deputy bouncers?


I should have asked, but I forgot.


So we'll have to come back with you guys. Because it was all written in Abyssal.


I've been to one of these places, it's called Natural Remedies. Herbs and medicinal things. It's up the street a bit.


Oh yeah, I was just checking the rigging.


See, it doesn't work that way. (laughter)


It felt its gooch almost rip out. (sympathetic groans)


Plus we're still in initiative order.


I don't look at them. Can I try to attune with my new bloodaxe while I'm waiting?


Yeah, there was still more to say.


Ooh, are you super-goth Santa or something?


I dive in.


What voice is this?


So another 11 would've made it 82. Okay. I have to beat a ten, correct?


He couldn't do anything! Dang it. He really wanted to help out.


Can I look at the bookbinding, though? Do some books seem like they fall apart more?


Yeah, you did. You had that coming more than anybody.


I'm focusing!


Is the cancerous tree more than just a tree?


I say we give him the thing and let him walk around naked, because that's better.


So, that kickstarter, a couple more hours, then finito if you want to get in on that. Okay.


I swoop back into the shadows and mingle.


Very cool.


The truth is, you never stop being afraid. Being brave doesn't mean you stop being afraid, it means you learn to compartmentalize it. You just live with it. So that feeling you're feeling? You're not gonna lose that.


That's nine points of damage.


Well, (laughs) I lost a fourth of my civilization!


18, 20, 30.


20 and a 15.


We don't know where that blood's from!


I'm a whale.


We got married.


Cereal for dinner.


I would be watching this, too, because I'm kind of a--


Would you remember his name?


Really? Did that just happen?


(clears throat) I have one prepared. Well, she's not here, so I don't know but I wrote down--


I gave that cloak to Kerr--


On Yasha's move.


Okay, and I'm going to use Guided Strike?


I don't know. Because I want to buy this place, so I don't want to like her.


Is that melee?


It depends on if there are long words.


Okay. (laughs) 29.


I'm right next to him!


We hope to rid the land of a cancerous tree that has been a blight for a very long time.


No. I don't think so. Could be.


Of spikes?


I've got all my dragon lore over here. Just give me a second.


I'm going to dart to the right and keep about 10 to 15 feet distance away from the exterior wall, because that looks creepy as fuck.


Guys, this is so exciting. And Laura has no idea what's going on.


I'm waiting to read it to my son.


It is working pretty well.


In another form. Can read all languages.


Six seconds.


What? What would investigation have been?


That's an interesting choice.


Yes, yes. We can talk about it on the way back.


Checking for traps, checking for traps.


Fuck it! Fuck it, I'm not disguising him because of what he looks like! Fuck that.


Jester, I meant a trick from Caleb.


Describe the crow's nest to me?


You little bastard.


Bad shit happens to mediocre people.


We're looking for the bow of Fenthras. It supposedly lives inside of a cancerous tree.


Are you afraid you're going to hurt us?


With one hand.


I've never thought of you as an optimistic person, but that's a very positive way of looking at it.


Are we going with them or not? Should we stay here? This is not our affair, right?


No, I'm sorry, I meant--


Let me see your neck.


He did summon--


And I'm going to go straight into that wound.


What about because I'm in a mountain and it's my favored terrain?


What book are you reading that's about boysness and orchids?


I'm trying to be helpful.


He won a silver, but I lost it.


Yeah! (chants) Den mama! Den mama!


I'm going to try to hit his arm and chop off his arm.


If you fail, I get to scream in your ear.


He's a little weasel, he's a little weasel.


It's a falling giant.


Oh, not you.


Yeah, we put him to bed already.


52!


But that's cool, you give it to somebody that, you know--


I'm much taller.


But that's the plan.


Can I Detect Magic on it?


Sorry, we met somebody who's even stronger and awesomer than you. But we still love you and we'll bring him out to meet you soon.


Can he use the rest of his movement to work on his Jester accent?


You're speaking in Sylvan, correct?


Do I get advantage because he's incapacitated?


Gods and stuff, ja, okay.


Covered in oil and ash.


We'll take that one.


(hums "Yakety Sax")


It's a little cold up here. That's okay.


We have to go to your room?


You're making a terrible mistake. Stop. Please?


You're welcome to stay, although there might be a conversation about how much of the cut of whatever we find you get to keep.


Get him back here and let's try to get through that grate!


(squawking and coughing noise)


That's hard to believe.


A 19 and a 20. A natural 19 and a natural 20.


We should see if he knows the name Evantica.


Well, there's only 200. We could have a huge meeting and put it to a vote.


I would also like to boot him over the side as I do this.


Gustav's in jail still.


Beau's just looking at Yasha.


You got his little cat right there on your shoulder.


You're not there, either.


Yeah, they enjoy each other's company, I know that, but you're really the only one who he listens to. So I need you to-- he has impulses. He has impulse control. I have impulse control.


Fucking cookies!


Beard check.


That's a very fair point. We're not leaving-- I don't think that's a good idea.


As long as I'm within range for my guns, I'm going to hide way off in the treeline.


There were some things going on with you at the time.


Tokens!


Yep, big-time macho-man stuff.


She was staring at the storm, and then she went away.


Do I have the thing?


Want a free tarot reading? I'm on a five-minute break for the entertainment.


I grab Nott by the scruff and lift him away.


Better than chunky.


I make sure Nott's drink is full all the time. (laughter)


We'll make you strong, darling.


That's stupid.


Like Moderate Healing?


Great. Okay, so I'm just going to remember that I have that.


Look for an ambush around. Can we look around?


That's true, but I have to hit. (laughter)


I always knew you were royalty.


Horse is fucking dead. I ate it.


As they leave, Caleb scooches Frumpkin on the head and says: You know, she always forgets about you, but I do not.


I cast Cure Wounds on Trinket.


That is a good giveaway, though.


Can I use a hit dice to heal myself at all?


Cheers to Caleb!


And it's six, three, and one? Is that right?


That's 26.


25 gold, each? Oh, come on. I know some university student dropped these off and donated these. Don't kid me, Sherri. Am I doing it right? Do I sound like Vex?


Don't you have a healing spell?


It really is a one?


Good chap, I'd like to place a bet. 500 gold pieces on Philip.


It’s very embarrassing.


Oh god. There's many of them.


Listen to me. I'm gonna try to do the talking in here, because I know these people a little. But if that fails, I need you. All right?


Don't put my hands in my pockets, got it! I start running around and just moving everything on the shelves again the same way as before.


Want me to go talk to him?


It takes a minute to cast.


It's a farmer's market!


What are you guys talking about?


Leave a couple of his human teeth that he's collected--


One, two, three. One, two, three, each of you.


Does that happen often in here?


Oh, that's right. I should have grabbed the chain, but instead--


Are you doing that?


Nope. They fall.


I'm a big fan of efficiency, so I'm going to pull this rag out and you've got about 30 seconds to start talking about something useful. Otherwise, my friend is going to make you about six inches shorter.


It's hard to pick. I don't know. I have a soft spot for Grog.


You want to try to pull one of the wrought irons off, maybe?


Yeah, great. Do that.


Oh, yeah. I can't do a spell for my second? I can't do Alter Self on my second?


No, this is good. This means that there's no reason, necessarily, not to trust them. We just know that we don't trust the Horn, and that's a perfectly reasonable way to come at it.


I always do this.


We are officially drunk in two different cities!


Have you heard of him?


Into the earring I say  We are terrible, terrible assholes. She seems fine. She seems worthy of a baking job. You know, work with her for a day, but I'm not seeing anything hinky here. Yeah? You need anything else?


No, no, no. Shame on you DM. No more.


That's a lot of--


Before we go stealthing in, Fjord, do you want to look at the dodecahedron or anything? Would that be good?


Whoa! Oh, what is it, what was it?


I have a problem with memory.


If need be, but you know. Wait for the need to be.


Gotcha. 13 points of damage.


I've just given you food and water. We'll be back within 24 hours. Come on. We're going.


I think so, I mean, I'm okay. I'll heal myself a little bit more with another level one Healing Word.


Yes, what are our other options?


Hey, I just made us $100, you guys. (cheering)


The sphinx-- yeah. We could go to the sphinx.


I will take that.


Whitestone and Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt.


Sorry, I was confused, when you said Grog. So who's it going to hit?


Yes, get your big boy pants on, Ermergerd.


Can't she move away from him? Oh, no, because he will get an attack.


Beau, do you have a reaction?


I would have kicked your ass, by the way, just throwing that out there. I picked up the poker because I didn't want to hurt you. (laughter)


Is he see-through? I try to shoot an arrow at him.


Get ready to fight, Vincent. Get ready to fucking fight.


Yeah, I'm going to fly out over where the ship was and see if anybody is doing the dog paddle out there.


Zero. (laughter)


Should we probably have looked for like a nest?


Better. 21.


Could we revisit that idea, perhaps? I'm sorry, the night has left me a bit shaken, and I feel like I need a moment to get my bearings, if that's all right.


Eat it, Craven Edge!


What's your intelligence?


Sorcerers, they improvise.


Yeah, he does have a slight point.


Do I still have line of sight?


I guess for my-- Jesus Christ.


Okay. 15. 20 is the first one, with the fire damage. Oh!


Ooh, that's some fancy grog happening.


No, I did not see that coming.


Butts and taints.


Poo is a really terrible word to say, I think. Good thing she didn't say any of the other words that she heard in here.


Well, we were going to go and get some...


Can I try that?


No, you've got to hop on the carpet when it comes up.


While Keyleth chuckles about that a little bit, I'm going to look around and find a little piece to remember Sprigg by from his house to take with me.


That is a 14.


Are all the sewer grates blocked with a lock?


You're making it worse. Now it's smoky and smells. Prestidigitate it out of my face.


Can we travel a mile up a mountain quickly?


Okay. I need Wyrmwood! Critrole. 17 from the first.


See, I was going to say How to Win Friends and Influence People.


Like a used car lot?


They're jawas.


It's very important.


Wait, we have the book that we found in the research center.


Yeah. Yeah, that's true.


Yeah, how much time has it been?


Put the leg of the table between here.


Thank you so much. Get some rest. I'm so sorry to bother you.


Can we check out the thing in the air?


You're good! 12!


We have to all be holding hands, y'all.


Let's take a long rest, I mean.


While they rummage, Keyleth wants to test the radius.


Pointless haggle. I love it. Best part of the show.


Can I make it reckless-- oh, I didn't say it.


Tomorrow, if you guys are at Wonder Con, are any of you guys gonna be at Wonder Con?


Yeah, that's true, we never really see that!


You will leave when Burt Reynolds tells you to leave! (laughter)


That means you get all of the money.


Well, it does sometimes, but you grab a twig and just work it out after a while. Gives you a little something later to chew on.


He said two words!


Oh shit, Tiberius.


I have one in my adventurer's kit.


It does. It has damage resistance to cold, fire, and lightning. Damage immunity to poison... yeah.


Yeah. She doesn't know where she is right? It's clouded as fuck?


Second Wind. Just to make that go away. God, that's amazing. 18 back, so, I've got--


What did this mean? Did this mean we were supposed to follow him and split up?


Okay, that's fine. Okay.


Oh, we had ring of truth cast. You can't lie.


That's assuming there's only two.


Oh, well, you know. I think of like, a word, and then I try to think of a rhyme for it. Like, 'Kashaw', like, what could that be? That could be 'pshaw'! You know, something like that, I don't know, I'm working on that, I'm working on it.


Cover your eyes. Cover your ears.


Silently. Oh no.


Before we do this, this will be extra helpful for you.


Yep, that's balls, big balls. Fjord-size balls.


Oh, that's not bad. It's four out of five.


All right. Good day to you. Happy sales.


Drop it like a bomb!


I did three attack rolls, but I thought that to get sneak attack damage I need advantage, but if I'm afraid, I don't have advantage.


And it would be an action to chuck her, though, right?


Hungry eye, claws, yeah.


Very dextrous?


But you can swim out-- oh.


So your strength saving throw goes up by one.


It’s an infirmary. They got to see terrible people in there all the time.


Shit. Hey, Vex? Do you have a Pass Without a Trace handy?


Six, 12, 22 points of damage. And I reload, and that's my turn.


Yeah. Anybody that's not nursing a short rest.


Oi! I can't see anything. (laughter)


Is it your big dice? It's cocked.


It's just a mythical thing, you don't question it.


I'm going to try to get into sight.


Away from us.


(groaning) Well. I'm suddenly having regrets.


It's an old bard's tale.


This is amazing! What?!


Is it like watered-down gasoline?


Okay. Ten total?


Mm. You're not going to throw a rock and hit an innocent person in this city.


I alert everyone. The carpet is magical.


There's ugly Critmas sweaters.


Ooh. Well.


I'm hobbling up behind.


That was a total win. I got a bag full of beans.


A beautiful Oskar. Oskar and Jester!


My armor does that too, but it only makes me smell bad, it doesn't affect me.


Oh, the metal ones?


Where do you want to move, Pike?


Are we talking though about how scrying is a little dangerous right now?


I have a question.


I'm going to try to roll out of the way. I'm going to try to duck down and roll out of the way to make him less likely to hit me.


Right. Okay.


Ah, yes.


I think he might be the owner.


If he destroys Vasselheim, he does his miracle, his display of power, and he will be even stronger. That is not an option.


Eats and shoots the same way. (snarls)


If I were near you, I would slap you. Get a hold of yourself, man!


I get advantage, right, on it?


11 points. Not very good rolls.


Or it could be the tail of a whale or something.


So are we saying we want to go up to the top, we want to try and weaken the cross with the yellow and the acid, we want to drop Titmouse, the giant, on the thing, hopefully, if it breaks. If it doesn't break, then what do we do?


Is Frumpkin an octopus and is it lying back on the dock somewhere?


And not only that, you're going to be the leader of a band of adventurers.


I don't know, but I like your addition of "douche" to Demedan, I agree.


No, you're the worst with money.


Well, we still have some things to take care of. We have a crown to get on your head. I can't believe you're going to be royalty. Royalty-royalty.


Why don't we wait until we're back at The Leaky Tap before I look at these manacles you have? I would, if possible, like to swing past Dolan's house, if that's okay.


Well, we've sent some word out to the world.


That would've been--


Healing Word is the best!


That's an omen of things to come.


He takes 4d6 psychic damage.


I don't care. I'm just happier moving than staying still.


No, totally was. It was amazing what you did. Could you do it again?


We don't even need that much. If you'd just said to kill someone, we'd probably do it.


Don't empty out the earth too much, or it won't support the city.


Did you just change your shirt, Travis?


That's not the name.


That was not what I was doing. So that's 21.


We were going to talk to Algar, we ended up killing his bodyguards and setting that thing free, and then we were going to go and talk to Marius and then we ended up killing the whole fucking crew and captain, minus one.


That'll work.


(singing) Loves chicken.


We gotta kill someone.


For both of the bodyguards?


I'll point out that we're-- this is all good. We got away from the pirates, everything's all right.


Especially with the head thing. It's quite nice.


Wisdom saving or just wisdom?


What? I'm fast.


Or we could just leave.


All right. Why do I already forget what I'm doing. Normal attack. Okay. 17 for the normal attack--


Yeah. But! Just to make sure, because the live shows are all about the audience participation. We're going to go over a couple of rules for that really fast, but before we do, I get paid to be the hype man, so let me get you guys hyped up. (cheering)


Like an idiot, I'll cast, with my bonus action, Hexblade's Curse on the hydra, which would have really made that critical way more awesome, but I'm flustered.


Is there any sort of door at the top of the stairs that leads into this chamber, or is it just open?


Well, that is a good point. If this person lives in the Savalierwoods, then they're not weak. There's a lot of crazy shit in the woods, so they must be able to hold their own, or at least remain discrete.


(chuckles) Especially lovely-to-look-at young ladies.


Yeah. Two, please. Reckless! 33.


I need a bath.


It's not my turn yet! Tell him to go!


Like the flowers she collects.


Looking for guards.


Like a real--


You can't poof within the mansion.


-- Ma--


To be trapped in the spleen of a dragon with me?


(like Jester) "We're going to do Guiding Bolt." You roll this one.


Mastiff has an intelligence of eight (laughs) and can speak Common. It's smarter than you.


Yeah, you say that.


It rolled a 20?


It's a little--


Damn it, I was real excited.


I don't think it's loud.


That got dark.


I see two questions I wanna address. One is what is each of our favorite kill?


Check them both.


Yeah, like an inch between the claw marks or a couple inches?


You bathe yourself in water.


Here. I take off my belt ribbon and I tie it around your Wand of Smiles. Now you have a ribbon dancer of smiles.


My question is  we have three days, Cabaret's the only lead we have. How do we draw this person, he or she, out?


Is Percy still on her back, piggy-backing?


In the other ship?


Okay. Planar, long dormant.


Currently everybody looks--


Here we go!


Are they are they unable to be shot out? Can you not arrow them out?


I feel like I knew that about you.


Who put you here?


That's gonna be negative something-- (laughter)


Hey, I'll be in the back.


Do they speak Common?


I walk away. (laughter)


You can see your breath (exhales).


Of course, of course, you can just tell us a little bit about it while we go get him.


Because they said he was an older art collector, gray-haired man, right?


Snowball fight.


(counting) 18 points on the first one.


Sweet. I back up a little, far distance away, and shoot a flaming arrow into it.


Just waiting for it. All right, thank you so much, man.


Who's it going to hit?


You don't hit me!


He only got 70 points of health.


My intelligence modifier?


I want to land right next to him, like right behind him.


Did we get two 16s?


I'm not on the ceiling.


I stop moving entirely and I just wait.


I could say "turducken" and you people would turn it into sexual innuendo! (cheering)


Well, my social anxiety is getting the best of me. I'm taking a walk. Goodbye.


My turn? I give the Glove of Blasting a good tug and I send three arcs of fire up into the air, and they spiral around each other and crash down onto the dock about five to ten feet behind that illusion, and blast into the dock.


Oh. That's awesome.


Nott, do you want to get on the other shoulder?


Oh, rough.


I think to myself, oh, that is badass. (laughter)


No, 15. Sorry.


A strong, lingering scent?


Consider it a gift, after nearly dying.


Is it good? How are you doing?


I'm going to pull out the gun and take three shots at that thing that's swinging at Vex.


We should probably heal up. Talk to your father in the morning.


This is the smartest feat you've ever taken.


Mostly, but right now we need to.


Wait the goliath or the ogre?


To whistle? Not great. Not great at all. Three.


Aw, son of a-- Hey, guys, hey. It's okay. It's actually really nice. It's been rough, why don't we all take a night off and everyone come in and get some food. Take a night off.


Good thing we didn't join the army, huh?


It's her. It's gotta be her.


Asshole! Son of a bitch!


I didn't either, but it's open.


Oh, 16. No, 18.


Go to the secondary door.


My claw attacks with the Rite, does that increase--


No, you're big. I can take the gnomes.


We also are owed money.


Take a gander?


50 feet of movement.


Rooftops? Sides of the building?


Hang on. 24.


Druid-y things.


But (inhales) I do know that he is ruthless and a bastard, if you ask me truthfully.


Yeah, just full, "Ah."


Looks so good on the purpleheart.


Okay, I need to tell her I got her package.


It depends on what we're going to do.


Can you do a one-day blessing on ten of us?


I pull the haversack off and say  I have a decent idea, anyway. I think that you should use this.


Can I be on broom, too, though?


I shove him through.


Thanks. I'm sorry that I had to go do that. I had to.


There's a yuan-ti woman hanging by her arm off the wall.


Go away from you?


We have to make a decision.


People have got to have to start asking questions, serious questions.


Are they still talking?


Well. Can we wait a day?


It comes out Tuesday, February 14th on all gaming platforms.


Okay, I'm going to roll big. I'm not going to roll big. I'm going to roll great.


(sighs) Give me a minute. Just going to walk around once, take it in.


Shit. I'm not disguised, fuck. I need to remember to do this more. (dice hit the table)


Is there anything that can speed up that process? Some papers or forms or stamps?


I just want to clarify. I thought that I had told him to throw down his weapons and hide under the desk for his safety. That's not an ongoing thing?


How do we feel about Team Demihooman, and inspiring them to play D&D for the first time? I think the number one reason we all wanna do this is because we love each other, and we love this game. The second thing is we all knew, we kind of felt like-- We're gonna make Dungeons & Dragons cool again.


Your wife.


Is it all diamonds?


Ten minutes have not gone by! This whole thing's taken two minutes, right?


Nein, nein, nein.


It's my backstory as a character that's just personal. It's my secret that I deal with, whether people know it or not.


Oi? Oi, yes.


Everybody knows them there.


The charity. Papa and Sister can run it, they have smarter business acumen than I do, but the brigade, I was wondering if you wanted to do it with me. You have a taste for adventure, you could help be our manager! Tend to us when we're injured...


Did you have disadvantage on it?


13. 19 and 22 damage.


What's the second level of exhaustion?


Scanlan? Scanlan? I feel we need you. I'm still recovering my spirit here.


Please tell me she trained in cleric. Please tell me she multiclassed.


I agree. We've been hit pretty hard, pretty quickly.


Are you saying we should hide, Percy?


I thought we were stealthing over to the main tent.


Tug your shirt.


Edge? Yeah?


I think I can. And then, if I have to leave, at least I can maybe meet your family for a little bit.


I'm all for going--


Just kidding, it's where her clavicle is.


Can we fuse some chains into Fassbender so that he can be attached to the ground?


Can I run upstairs and look in that window?


Come in, Harry, come in. Take off your robes.


Two moderates.


Does he take 21 points of fire damage?


Because it's prone do I get advantage or anything?


Later, later. Save it for the mind flayer. So with him tucked under my arm like a football, I start to creep further. And try to make out-- if there's light from the lantern, I can see in dim light, thanks to daddy's blood, so. I'm gonna try to figure out what it is exactly that I'm seeing.


Twenty-four total, before the dwarven--


We're very normal!


(laughs) You are the night.


That's the money he was going to return.


Wait, she was selling this place because of us?


It looks like a door.


Okay, I'm going to cast Invoke Duplicity. Behind the guard.


Just be somewhere else. Anywhere else.


I just open up the bag so you can see it.


I think Yasha is probably either with you-- She's either with you or with us, I imagine.


Oh, it was a child? Oh, god.


We should not go that way.


Poor reception.


Look at that! And Lumberjanes!


I’ll take it.


It's like we have body glitter on.


I whap Scanlan on the head.


We can hide, though.


I'm going to do Cure Wounds at fifth level.


Does he cook?


They have an official sash.


Aw man, which one, which one?


Yeah, we let the disease spread?


I'm not suggesting that, but it's either violence or giving him a little something.


Let's all go down into the spiral staircase.


It's okay, buddy! Just hang on. Tsunami coming though, look out! I'm going to do a Tidal Wave and go (bwoosh). Do you have the laser pointer? What are these red pools of things?


Pike, can you undo Polymorph?


I have no idea what the order was.


Two twos.


Stay down!


With a red pen.


Come on, old man!


But we're also getting the bow.


What's this little outcropping?


I bet you have a thing where you can click it on.


Well I'm glad we killed a half dozen people to know what we already knew. (laughing)


That's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking yes, the wizard will protect Keg.


Weights?


All the way around. With the spikes.


I assume we would have done it. I was just playing flashback, but I don't know.


I'm going to go try to talk to one of them.


All right. Temple of Sarenrae? Where is that?


That's bad luck.


Can I run back, and then do a (yelling) and then I just dive in with the biggest punch I can.


Well, he was not happy in the end, there. But he recognized true power and he was sorry to see us go.


Yeah, many.


Yeah, that-- wait. Well, I took off-- yeah, I did take off my Bracers of Defense, so that hits.


Man. This is going to go great.


Taking a stab.


Okay, here's what I'm going to propose. We split up: three on one guy, three on the other. We'll do the plan that worked when we were doing it on kids, and we didn't know we were doing it on kids. Me and you can throw up a bottle rocket. That will be the signal. We attack both of the guys at the same time, two different sides.


And I grab his hand, and with that, I cast Plane Shift to wherever he is leading to go.


If you could settle down anywhere, where would it be?


I grab the whole chest. (grunting)


Do you have notes?


Well, we can describe it  red wood house.


With dicks on it.


Still have to make a dex save from it, though.


I probably would have. Yeah.


The potion's syrupy liquid looks like liquefied iron.


I'm really bad at stealthing, we should go. (all laugh)


It did.


That was when I was a spider tiger. 'Cause I cast Spider Climb on myself, and I was in tiger form, so I was spider climbing all over the place.


That sounded just like her.


God!


What can we lose from the bag of holding?


The one that I hit before.


I think me and Travis got it right.


1200 apiece? Yes?


Thanks, Critters, for being awesome!


Outside of the ravine.


Because the red robe was Odell.


He didn't want to go! Yeah, he had things to copy.


Yeah, I know, and maybe give her a little coin, but, Pike, do you think maybe you could--


Is it worth asking a Tasker first? What would we even ask? Just how much it would be to hire you for some muscle?


I think you tell kids to run with scissors, she'll be fine. Can we check to make sure nobody's following us as we're heading out?


Oh. (all laugh)


I take two of them by surprise. That's auto-crit.


How many people did she have with her?


I will either see you later tonight, or I will see you in the morning.


Shale, do you have any gold teeth or hidden savings accounts that we should also know about?


Another 20.


It's 40, right?


No, not for this. Only elemental damage. So five, six, seven, plus another seven, so 14.


It's a 12, but I rolled a three.


I'm just going to get down on my knees and start licking the milk as well. (laughter)


No, that is a very bad idea, Twiggy.


You're at the portal.


I go over to my sister in that time. I want-- I want to kill that dragon. Or I want to die trying.


What? What is it?


I will angle it, then. (laughter)


Use your staff!


Amazing. It's lubricated with all the blood of her enemies.


Quarry.


What? For what?


Sure. And I send her in.


They're so nice.


I have Feather Fall with my shield.


You know. I'm just-- I'll make my way wherever we go and maybe I'll not stay with you the whole time but I don't like, you know--


So. I walked in and the guy was like-- you know, he had his arms above his head, he was chained to the bed, right? He didn't know where he left the key! I know I don't even know how long he'd been there.


I'm going to roll a perception check.


Does he clean?


Oh! No. No, please. No, please, no.


Hey! Okay!


Do I want to do this? Yeah. Five points of radiant damage.


Send up a signal flare.


I want to be by the corpses. I rolled a 19.


When I come home all the lights will be off with just a candle and a chair.


I know it's confusing; I like to stay inside this Zemnian accent so much, but I did not say that out loud. That was for the DM.


No, only 21, because it takes two to go up the thing, right?


I walk away a little bit from Fjord.


Some people like collecting ships, you know? Maybe he's a nautical kind of guy.


After we cooked.


Oh my gosh. All kinds of checks.


It literally has a leaf on it, oh my god.


Or is it? Don't know? Is it that you have no idea what happened to things put through?


I don't know if you'd like it.


Yeah, you just send whatever you've got in the sphere. Trying to keep them in one spot.


I drop a bit of fleece and cast Silent Image and make Keg walking down the steps.


I'd like to point out, that my chest has made me very uncomfortable, and I'm clearly out of my element, and dressing me up as Robin was a good call everybody, good call everyone. Good call guys. Wow.


Well, I got a one, so there's not going to get much worse than that.


I am a little more at ease.


Do whatever the young lady asks.


(gasps) It's just like the rug!


Vecna's whispering in my ear. By the way, where is he?


30-foot ceiling, right?


It's throwing him that badly.


You said Sluice Weave. Oh, they said it? Eh, shit happens. Forget it.


Should we be outside too? Or should we stay inside?


Is she that? I don't know.


I'm going to reach out and cast Blight on it.


Yeah, I did.


Well shit, I guess we should. I think we are all healed up.


And I can move out?


(gasps) I hope so.


Like Superman, that was amazing.


Queen.


Yeah. A little bit more. I want to line them up in a cone, so if I can get as many in a cone as I can.


Oh, gosh. Be careful.


Draft number two.


But it's only been a day and a half, so nobody has got here yet.


And we all have our own separate rooms. All of the beds are circular, they all have a mirror over them.


Will it fit once I take the sledgehammer out?


We need to use this opportunity. We're never going to be in this dragon's lair again! This is it. Crack the thing. Set a trap. Burn it down.


What about the dynamite?


Okay, okay, okay. (laughter)


Are there any platform shoes, glowsticks, or pacifiers?


(Pumat Sol voice) Just been writing campaign lore for too long.


Well, this one did.


It will certainly be fixed, because D&D Beyond is a responsive company and we love them.


Do you want me to stick something down your throat?


Yeah, maybe she's angry.


But concretely, right now we need nappies.


Let's get a little closer, then, and survey the situation, and then take a break. I feel like we're a bit far.


That will do it.


Yeah, we said to lift it off.


Okay, here I come!


(gasps) Oh my god! What, are you crazy? I was only kidding!


Keyleth, how big would a creature be if it had footprints approximately 150 to 200 feet across?


I think if they start moving, this thing's going to--


You're also royalty, so you should show peasants how to act. You know, stiff upper lip, pip-pip.


Okay. You seem a little restless to me.


Evasion!


Three?


(wheezing) No.


You want to set me down so I can go talk to people?


Oh, she can still hear us but she's frozen.


Oh, it's 3d10 fire. Sorry. Because of my level. Which is seven and five and seven is 19.


Ocean voyage!


Mr. Clay, and nah, I'm fine. One second.


One little thing goes (squeaking).


Wouldn't that alert Thordak?


That was a really cool villain.


Did Toya and Kylre come together with their act?


Contain!


But I've been praying to Sarenrae lately.


Talk in private?


This is Vox Machina's vacation.


Oh, you are the best!


Now, Jester, where would you learn a phrase like that?


That's what I'm afraid of as well.


Think of the armor I could forge you from red dragon parts.


Okay, just making sure Trinket wasn't a donkey that killed the--


Really quickly, while the Thaumaturgy is happening, I'm going to cast Minor Illusion, just go for it.


I'm going to keep watching.


Here's the thing, are we relying on Grog to stab these trammels through Vecna?


With what?!


Any music people. Anything atmospheric.


She could do it on herself, just in case. Yeah, cast Resistance on herself in case--


Backwards. Then I'm going to shoot him twice.


I think that's exactly what this is.


(whispering) Be as quiet as fucking possible.


Visit the Water Ashari for those--


Death Ward for the win.


See who?


Kima!


Let's kill them all.


Slow, slow, don't scare the boy.


So a giant, fiery chasm splits open.


25 feet is pretty far.


Someone keeps asking if any of us have hirelings, or henchmen, and the simple answer to that is no.


Take the stubble off of it?


All right. Drop it.


You can break out. You can. It's hard. But you can do it. Just take the first step. And then you take another one. And then you take another one.


"Muh!"


Thordak the Ancient. He was commander of all of these dragons.


Hello, sorry.


I was about to say, we can give him that pouch, and then he could have perfect proof.


Oh, that's true. No, that's damage.


Hey, come see us in Portland.


Also hits.


Yes. Whole page. (laughter)


You stopped on the way here to buy dice?


(sing-songy) We could give you some interesting conversation. 35 years is a very long time.


We got a real wet troll heart.


Ermergerd Swearengen, yeah. (all laugh)


Yeah 'Mighty' in Common is spelled M-I--


Is there any way to check if she's being controlled?


I will say  hey man! Just give up already. Come on! Come on! That's my intimidation.


Oh really? We could both do Prayers of Healing.


It's 8 24.


Second one takes 12 points of damage plus two psychic.


I'm just saying. Spooky coincidences.


Okay, that's all right.


So we should call them back.


Yeah, hopefully he'll be back before--


It's a Hail Mary pass.


Trinket, off with me, we're ready to fucking fight. He's out of my necklace and we're taking off towards Vax's room.


No, I have this. Super quick  a single question at the gate.


Okay, constitution saving throw. Oh, that's an eight.


Oh, that definitely hits. That's a 22?


I'll break form and come back as Scanlan.


I go up to Vax. I put my hands on his shoulders, and I say,


One die roll, man. One die roll.


I heard when you yelled it. It was the "Neck, Ma," that I couldn't come up with a way--


The flowers are a little more bitter right now.


You're going to roll a one.


You guys are going to Xhorhas?


Is it an action to drop anti-gravity?


So it's 12 lightning damage.


Five points of acid damage.


We did. We did. It's hidden in a cubby with a little mark on it.


We're on our way.


Well, what's our plan? We go in, we fucking try to stealth as much as fucking possible and kill a fucking pit fiend.


Off to a good start.


Oh god. Okay.


That was a test. It's better now than against Sylas Briarwood.


Wait! Look at your gauntlets!


Cantrip?


Abernathy?


Can I?


Or both. An invisible bird-gnome.


Yeah, they're very busy though.


To hit? Doesn't hit me!


Can't pick them. (laughter)


With the Sharpshooter feat.


Destroyed me.


I drank a tiny little potion of healing. I healed six.


It's between what and who?


Go check that out, guys.


He will wake up after this.


Thank you so much. He's going to be so happy to not have to run this errand. Thank you, bye. Oh, sorry, here you go. I give her a gold.


Are we certain that that will hold any water on this continent?


Uh-huh. 20.


There's this place that pretty close to where I live called The Brooklyn Strategist. Yeah, and when Laura and Travis came to visit-- It's basically a gaming shop and you can play D&D there on Wednesday nights and Saturdays. And play board games. It's also a coffee shop. It's rad.


Three successes or three fails. That's first fail.


Yeah man, come on.


Are there any seashells on the floor that I could find? Pretty shells?


It's 8d6?


Yeah! How does someone like you -- you're human right?


9.5k, 9,500.


Kiss of death.


I'll do it, that's funny.


The irony is, I was going to recommend Dust of Tracelessness, but that works too.


Okay. You've got the boat.


(whispers) 24.


Or her name!


Just for the hell of it.


Back to your duties, please!


I saw a thing asking what was it like shooting the opening credits. (all laugh)


I'm going to stay actually right there, just right at the threshold.


I mean, technically, yeah.


No, but I'd like to try.


In eagle form, I'm going to do a nice high soaring lap.


I know. But don't touch it to the thing.


Were there any traps?


Let's just search the rest of this floor as quickly as possible.


Or a weakness.


Cool, all right.


(mutters) That'll miss.


Oh, god, okay.


That's awful, isn't it. (sighs) I'm going to go to my room--


Yes, that's true.


Cow-tipper!


Doesn't have to be real to be interesting.


You heard it here first.


All right, I'll use Detect Magic again.


We're not going to let you run into the dirt.


Wait! What if we just stood next to all the doors and held our action until something came out of them?


(sings) Amazing job!


Yeah, evasion. Yeah, don't worry. That's 30.


How long has Bouldergut been with you in your service?


Have I done all of my movement? Yeah?


That is a lot of steps.


Well, they come in my dreams, as most of my visions have. It's the way that I commune with the Stormlord, and-- I don't know. I'm trying to find some purpose for all this, I guess.


I'm a fucking hipster.


All right. Then we'll see what he proposes and take it from there.


I'm going to do the same thing that I did the other day. I am going to cast Disguise Self and make the gigantic glasses and change my cloak to a similar shade of blue.


It's 1000 feet down.


Oh wow that's everywhere.


(laughs) I didn't even know she was gone!


(quietly) God damn it.


But we know that that's where Riskel wanted to go as well. I want to pull out the symbol of Vecna that I took off of Riskel and--


Defeaters of dragons. No big deal.


I do have cravings for things I assume you, other species, do not.


Yeah, it's me. I pull the hat off and pull my hair up. It's Beauregard. We killed your snake?


Barack is here?


Oh, I'm up? Lionel is right on that dark paladin, right?


He has a bad feeling. Like something in your lower parts of your intestines?


It just looks wet.


They were so cold.


You've got to do what you've got to do.


Actually, no. You're going to move towards it, I assume?


There's a lot of work going into this. You can tell. I mean, there are Xeroxed copies.


Okay. And when the creature enters the area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there. So if I move towards it wouldn't it enter the area?


Fucking vampires.


You're done, friend, sorry.


Good leading. Good leading, Keyleth.


And I was just like, "I hate kids!" (pshh)


Do I need to subtract things from--?


I'm going to accompany Grog, yeah.


Did it feel cold in there or anything?


But you're ultimately right. We have nothing to lose. I love you, Vax. And I'm sorry for being me, that it took me this long to say it.


Nothing, I'm drunk, never mind. Did you see this ring I picked up?


We want to find a creature that would threaten a medium-sized city.


Pike, she's a god.


Okay I'll cast a quick Message and say  Fjord I'm about to fire my warning shot. Good to go? You can respond to this message.


Can I shake his hand?


Okay, yeah. How about you guys go and I'll stay with Trinket. You guys go.


Yeah, I could tell that there was at least six more fucks in there that you held back. (laughter)


How do we-- oh, okay. Can they hear me talking to it right now?


Are you done?


What could possibly go wrong?


I'm holding my attack.


Forgot the rod? Oh! I forgot we're trying to get you laid. It's a competition. Right, sorry. Sorry.


No, come on!


Still cool.


Oh wait! Oh, I backed up. That's okay.


Sure, but he appears to be fellow kin.


Might be a dawn thing. We moved and he appeared.


Yeah, what do you feel like? What do you feel like? One, we pick a card. 20, we don't-- we do pick a card. (laughter)


Anybody who wants me to shave their head, I'll do it.


Can I look at your eyes?


We have to find this place in the middle of the ocean.


Call us in.


Oh my god, can we eat food? (laughter)


I only rolled a ten.


You're going to get crowned? Really?


And remember, if everyone rolled 2d12, you get that added to your maximum hit points, from your meal.


Big angry toad man. Devil toad guy. I feel like I should get better names for all these things.


Get skinny, get skinny.


I drop down in front of the kids Batman-style.


And I'm out of Uncanny Dodge, right?


We can hide it. Maybe some of us have skills to hide things.


39.


We need to get you some nicer clothes, then.


Yeah, cool. I'm going to use Spiritual Weapon at level two and then try to slam it down.


It's not very powerful, though, and I would not like to shoot at the croc. I would like to shoot at every segment of rope between every single person. (cheering)


Give away Vex's title?


It'll be fine!


I'm going to cast that. Okay, so that is 1d4.


On the way there, I ask Percy, Percy! Percy.


Forget it. We need all the knowledge in your head, in ours.


That is seven.


Oh, that is good information.


All right. Okay, where are we going first?


Okay, sorry. I need to write all these down in my notes later so we don't have to keep going through this. I'm going to go over the top of his head and force his jaw open and then take my blade and put it through its mouth, straight through its mouth. Skewer it.


I want to go to bed.


Ooh, shizz-nap!


(groans) I want to go see some fireballs get shot, I'll see you later!


Bring the Duchess with me.


I want to double check, the boots of speed that I wear, it's ten rounds each day, the haste effect's duration need not be consecutive rounds. So it was one or two back in Emon, and I've had one round here.


How do you know that!?


I reach in my pouch and pull out a few Goodberries.


That's an action.


(whispering) Come on. Hurry!


There's a lot of violence that's going to happen.


He's going to drink all of the beer if you don't stop.


So far you're just talking about current Liam.


Validity.


Another really special thing that we've done is that during Christmas time--


Oh, shit. I hear it. I come out of the kitchen very sneakily. Oh! Oh, my bear! I've been looking everywhere for you. Trinket!


Oh! I'll assist.


It might be, yeah.


It's watching us right now, isn't it?


Why? (shouting) Why didn't you roll a higher perception?


Would it work on Doty?


And encase the spiders.


And I-- (sighs) What's your name?


But if it's really far away.


I would like to get the largest goblet you have of ale, and I would like to go over to, what was his name? Bulbous?


No? Okay, then I'm just going to dash underneath it.


I can Bless myself. So I'm going to cast Bless on the three of us.


Oh, hard to tell, then?


That's funny because Dungeons and Dragons is my favored terrain. (laughter)


I mean, I could probably help as well, along with Clarota, but that's an option.


Sorry! No, no, never mind, sorry, what's 31 minus five?


As long as you're not melted from all the acid.


Another ice dragon.


Action, yep.


Come on! Big money, no whammies! Well, that was kind of a whammy: five.


If you--


I blew it away! I could blow it right up your nose, Vax! (fluttering SFX)


Yeah, can I give it a-- what do you see inside the gem?


Oh, did we get paid?


You have to find the no-name guy who's going to help you find the stuff that's hidden that nobody knows where it is.


Fuck. We were talking really quietly.


All right, I'll be right there to give him more specific instructions.


We don't have white dragonhide.


Maybe. I don't know, maybe I keep feeding it every time--


Don't sacrifice your entire life for this, though.


Did we see that before?


Then make me believe in Ioun. We'll make a difference together.


It's advantage. You get to roll twice.


Bless you. You're colorful yourself. I love everything you're wearing.


This first one is a 19.


I should've known--!


Pretty much. To be fair, I actually did it on a trap to kill like eight of your men on the way in and it worked phenomenally. So you should trust me.


Minus five. Oh god, 15 plus two is 17, 25, 30, plus the blazing bowstring, 37. That's everything, right?


Just your mother.


Wait, who's that? Who's going? Oh, that's Cassandra? We're okay with her running away?


I'm 18.


Okay. I climb the Sun Tree.


Do I roll with advantage?


I sit down with Percy.


Unconscious!


Well, that's true, but my sister studied the island, and she sensed the presence of things everywhere.


I Grasping Vine him before he goes out of view.


Shield.


I'll give you a limerick. Hold on. I've been preparing it--


What's your highest proof mead?


If I am a succubus, though, it's burning my 9th-level spell and we're done for the night.


It's true. There's only risk at this point. Is this the risk we make or is this not the risk we make. Grog?


He lost concentration?


I did a constitution save 20 minutes ago.


That's emblazoned on the inside of my mind. Wow!


Can I hear this?


Wait, we're getting turnt up before we go to Pumat's?


No handle?


I appreciate your kind generosity.


Been searching for years!


Don't fuck me, Gil. Eh, fuck you, Gil.


Right, so if anything, he should give me a bargain.


Theodore!


Area's 20 feet, so it should be--


Going to see my daughter!


We can always be rats whenever the time is necessary!


12. Not good.


Okay. Ooh, okay, 21.


That really would've worked.


I kicked the camera, sorry.


He's both a real cat and a magic cat.


Am I? I probably should put some clothes on, then.


(laughs) I was waiting for it to--


Now, you must be aware of this problem. Can't be a surprise to you. People are starting to take notice in this city. This was inevitable.


Stand over here!


Classical composer Johann Sebastian, and a hairstyle made popular by Pippi Longstocking.


We said we had the book.


I shove the rag back in his mouth for a moment.


Vord? You wouldn't have happened to hear of maybe a druid tribe called the Fire Ashari? They call their little hometown Pyrah. Do you happen to know, maybe?


Am I the only one that's not beguiled by her charms? Twiggy?


Yeah, yeah. Would you like to join us?


Is it possible-- well, we're too deep now, but--


Are you able to do just one person?


No, if you're on the ship and a Zhelezo boat comes out--


Check in our weapons. Yeah.


I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to keep doing the same. Come on, you big giant dummy.


I'm so used to not being able to fucking talk!


Encore!


Not you.


Okay. Oh, did you see that?


Well, Percival, look at this. Show him the bow.


There's the inn that was broken. It's got an entrance. They either go there or they go underneath the castle.


Oh, so you did hear me though?


Is that bad? Is that bad?


Is the Hitler on the poll at all? (groaning)


Is this really that important to you guys? Yeah.


32?


(sighs) All right. Oh, it's looking towards me-- hmm.


Make some room. Grog, leave!


A greater? We wasted a greater?!


Can I use Alter Self, because Alter Self gives-- because I can give myself gills and stuff like that.


It's weird. It's new to me.


It's okay. I dump a Cure Wounds in him now.


Less that could possibly go wrong, so before they go in, I'm going to cast Enhance Ability on these two. At a level three, so I get two people.


So sorry, Grog.


Whoo. Wait, is this the one? Ugh.


No, no, no, I don't live near here. Listen, I've been traveling, I'm a simple candlemaker.


If you had to ballpark the distance to the halfling or to the very end of it?


That's perfect. I like that.


The DC on Turn Undead is-- let me hit my--


And if I'm hidden it's a surprise, right? On that guy? You tell me.


What does it do when he shrieks?


We'll send you a message, don't you worry!


It seems possible.


I'm getting too old for this shit.


When you two mix together, it has this meatloaf smell.


Greater than three, too.


That is vile! (laughter)


You're attached to him? By a chain?


So I don't know. What is that? Is that what's besides the Sneak Attack damage?


Maybe up next to the ogre dead.


Yeah, he went in anyway.


In water.


(singing) Step one. Let's go.


Can I say that it looks like that artisanal ice that you get at really classy bars, and now I'm really thirsty for like a scotch.


Wow, no.


The B-slot we don't know.


Yrat. It's your name backwards, right?


And Scanlan's the only one-- we all see it?


This is so ridiculous.


Natural 12.


Advantage on wisdom.


Man, we're being so transparent.


After, if you want to enter the raffle, I'm not sure how this works, but I brought this shirt. We're going to rub it all over Travis at break and then the winner is going to get this shirt. These only come in extra large.


How far away is it from you on that mast?


This is giving me a lot of anxiety. There's a lot of people here.


Okay, but you can't go (garbled underwater noises).


Whispers.


I move my cloak to--


Does that hit him?


Let's all go in, shall we? And I'm going to walk around it and stealth in.


I mean, she's kind of right. (laughter)


Well, we get to tell him now, don't we?


Would you walk me down the aisle and by walk me down the aisle, I mean carry me down the aisle? (laughter)


Just give it to me.


That's nasty.


Okay, I have no advantage on any of these bastards at the moment if I were to attack. Okay, that's fine. And how would you describe-- these are like scaly people?


I'm very excited.


Am I able to feel gradual coming towards where we are, away, anything like that?


Okay, so I can't go toward him, right?


Yasha, could I borrow a torch from you?


I point at the manticore.


You think the whole damn thing was a fucking distraction?


Oh yeah.


Can't handle.


21 as well.


(laughs) "I turn into a bear?"


Pretentious asshole.


Okay. I'm also working this out as me and Keyleth. Vax told me: stay underground; made a bad call; sister's underground near me; I know where to go. He thinks I know where to go. I go over to the muck, the greenish liquid, and throw a rock in. What happens?


I'm going to go over and backhand his face.


Riding it side-saddle.


And how far down are they under the ice?


I'm hasted, I get another attack!


Bless up to three creatures of your choice within range. Whenever a target makes an attack roll or a saving throw before the spell ends, the target can roll a d4 and add the number rolled to the attack roll or saving throw.


