I draw her lit up by the lightning and then I go to sleep.


You're so rich, you want us clean.


Which way to the Pig Pits, sir?


I'll take two shots at the two that came through.


We should go to see your people.


So the dragon got very lucky and it went through like that, and not like that.


And I want to look all around the room and see if anybody's watching, if there's any kind of holes in the wall.


Well, what are we doing?


We're going to be rich!


I unzip my pants. (laughter)


And with that we embarked on our new adventure! The adventures of, what was it again?


Bamfed.


Metaphor! Metaphor!


We've been there in retail, and we feel your pain


And nine points of damage.


You do? It's huge on you. You want it anyway.


Are my ears tucked back in?


Okay! (whoosh)


You’re a unique man, Gilmore. No question. Never met anyone quite like you.


We should probably slave ourselves up again. We don't have to go far.


It's weird how he's so nice and yet it still feels like you are in so much trouble.


Tell Trinket to turn like a bear.


How did he get-- oh, that's Whisper.


She's the nicest!


I think so. I feel like I'm trying to learn that from you, Jester.


Where's my 20?


One minute. It's probably over.


(singing) Here it comes!


Just like (smashing noises).


There's two, right?


Oh god, you guys, keys. (cheek popping)


You might have six. We don't know what happened to them.


Yeah, one of you two.


Midday at the Quay?


It's all over the water. Maybe the dragons haven't gone that far.


Sherri.


It doesn't hit the Hand, does it?


He's not a giant killing machine, he's a businessman looking to purchase--


Ooh yeah!


Should I try to unlock that thing?


1d4 plus my spellcasting ability modifier.


I watched it. It's really fun.


It's like two hit points, it's going to be a very tough kitten.


That's 23 to hit?


What a callback.


Oh, when you were missing and we didn't know if you were safe or not.


I can verify that none of us listened or read anything about what just happened. We were jacking off the whole time. (laughter)


You good with those five?


Man, I don't know how to deal with that type of abrasive personality.


I think I got an ear. I can do something that goes down and looks like Keg?


Yeah, this doesn't feel fair.


Is that the end of my turn? That's a great question.


It's a bad day.


It's Hulking?


Do we see a cluster?


I cast Stoneskin immediately.


I'll kill the innocent.


I'm useless on the pots. I'm actually going to try and make a book for the cloaked guy. I'm going to yelling at everyone: Hit the pots! Hit the bloody pots!


Even if it goes, it was worth it.


Yeah, just the biggest.


Use your bow and arrow.


That would be 21.


Parchment-boulder-shears. Parchment-boulder-shears! I'm going to teach you.


I don't want to take up a lot of your time. We just got in, and we're heading out again. Anyway, I'm glad that I have Simon back, but I feel bad because I gave it to you and I took it away. But we're leaving, and I want to travel light, so I wanted to make it up to you. I have this. I'm going to give you this dagger. It's the Keen Dagger. Take this. It's too much; I can't use it. I've got this thing. Anyway. Just hold onto it. That's it.


Great, so you can go back to the library next time.


Check! This is great.


I do. (all laugh)


What's up, who's gonna compare?


You ran away from the target? Ugh. I stomp past him in my dwarfy stomps.


I'm up? No shit. Wow. Okay. It's really far away though now, yeah?


That's not really that bad.


But that comes from Pike, not from Sarenrae.


Don't worry if I sink.


Whenever you cure anyone, it feels like a bother.


No, let's carry this out.


Ja, ten, 20 minutes. Nothing more.


Sure, sure. We've been summoned by this person named Evantica, so we're probably going to go find--


19 temporary, yeah.


Yeah. Maybe she wandered out into the rain and lost her memory.


What's happened with Toya?


I think Vex might be right.


I-- How am I getting a "son-of-a-bitch"? He's the son-of-a-bitch! (laughter)


I, Taryon Darrington, would like to call to the rest of the gang and say: Wait, before we fly away, hold.


This says, "An athletics-strength check is required to pull the weapon free, the DC 12?"


I don't wanna do math and show you all up.


Goddamn it. I give up. Let's go find everybody.


Oh no, is it fixable?


You get all of your spells back after sleeping as well.


And they took our puppies.


I don't think that that was the monster.


It's also probably very hard for him to shoot through the people that are attacking me.


Can I tell if the blood looks-- how dusty is this shit?


Larkin can take care of--


Can I read his lips?


He owns a lot of things, places and makes a lot of money off of these places.


I didn't even get to tell anyone! I tried to. I tried to cast Sending, but my hands are bound.


Oh, we're still lit up? Oh, okay. Good.


Did you reach up as hard as you could right before you landed to split that speed? Is that how monks work?


Bears, bats--


That's it. (laughter)


Oh no. You guys.


I was so worried about them!


Can we say that the twins and Freddie have been ready to go as you cast and make our move on these three on the side?


From the back of his hip.


Yeah, you had a vision that we don't even know about yet, right?


They're undead.


The old Dominate.


That's right. Whatever one you want.


The 11 herbs and spices are--


Oh my god, I'm so nervous right now.


I agree. He ever talked about where he was going, how he meant to go about doing it?


Go to Raven Queen's temple right now?


Friendzoned.


Take those shots, Mollymauk.


Here comes my keen dagger. Which is an eight.


Is that nine?


I'm thankful for your seedy background right now, Molly.


So that's five w's?


Yeah, keep nodding. Here's the thing. I don't know if I can save four bottles worth, but I'll save as much as I can.


It's very helpful. That might be either--


You're not going to kill him?


It's all yours.


Well, if Frumpkin's going this way, I will move Keg and I a little bit that way so we are not in direct view.


Well, he's going to move.


-- there's things pulling trolls. Yeah, let's not go down there where there's things eating trolls! Why don't we just--


Is there any residue?


It was a weird time.


Yeah, what happened? What happened when that happened?


No? Rash? ...all right.


We have to do it, it's too perfect.


I don't know, actually.


I'm weeping over Simon 2.


I spin it, rotate it in my hand, handle towards Grog.


Did you tell him that he has to give you a dollar to engage your services?


Hi. Stormwind here. Seeker Asum: "I assume you're the ones we're waiting for, please have a seat."


Yeah, so that's a 15.


Continental.


Way more than 30 feet, right?


No. Water. Long walk up.


You can't just run through you, like Universal City Walk or something?


Because you are!


Ask them where they're from, all the troops. Did you already ask that?


Did they find anything inside, today? Tell me, something interesting, please.


Fjord's right next to me.


Bouldergut, what is going on right now?


Okay. No idea how to play this game. But Vax does!


They're creeping me out, man.


It does. It makes me want to take risks. It's nice.


(as Jester) "I grab the edge of the boat, and I say: Oskar! Is there no echo?"


So can you shoot out fire out your nose, and all that?


The seal's under the rug?


You know, I think you should just continue to try to explore that. (all laugh)


Wait, he's floating.


Oh, it's based on strength?


No, it's the other door that leads to our keep. So we're both going to get in and dual-wall it.


Percy, we did some science! That didn't work.


His blindsight; he can see anything within 30 feet?


(falsetto) Hello, everyone.


I want to use my-- I would like to do a check on Keyleth.


Second one is through the blazing bow, at 22.


I can't make them stick, man!


11 points of poison damage on top of that.


Dead center. Yeah. Okay. Good.


Wisdom. Unparalleled wisdom!


I'm walking in.


Yeah. I don't know how far they can fly.


Oh Jesus! Like Willem Dafoe as--


I immediately go  whoops.


Royal?


I'm dying. I've never felt more in trouble.


It's a piece of gum!


All right, I grab Scanlan by the scruff and pull him back and then I start in. And I grab my sister by the ear behind me and start pulling her down.


Such a good idea.


Put the cloak on!


What about Zahra?


No, I said come inside.


Look to Thorbir and then look in the room.


Towards the trees, looking like she's picking some vegetation. I doubt there's flowers.


So wait, just the two of you are going to go check out the carpet?


What, to talking? You're doing very well.


One question. If we break the thing at the top and the upside-down Christmas tree falls into the Elder Brain pool thing, are we going to kill all of the illithids in the city in one fell swoop?


You know how much that hurts?


Lots of them died in the blast?


Yeah, yeah. Oh, uncharted islands! Let's not do that. [laughter]


Check Water Closet.


Okay. I see where one of the crystals is; let's move towards that.


Jesus Christ. 20.


All right. That's so crazy!


(laughs) By yourself?


So, there's literally nothing in here? Or there's still a sarcophagus?


Oh, shut up! Don't tell him that!


Dancing Lights!


Is that something you can do right away? That sounds like a later thing.


That's not my thing.


(baby talk voice) Little dick in the peanut butter? (laughter)


I'm going to cast Detect Magic? Why'd I put a question mark at the end of that?


Then we won't know where the camp is.


Yes, okay. I place my Bear Spirit Totem.


Well then I will, if I can't see too well, keep going down the steps until I can see him.


Okay. Where's Vex?


Yeah, he doesn't move!


That's not true. If we are to solve this situation we cannot hide the truth. I killed Krieg. We killed Krieg. I finished Krieg.


Water's your friend.


Let's take a walk. Let's see what there is to see. I'm excited about this.


Seems like they wouldn't come here. Rival family.


I like you a lot. Here's the deal. (laughter)


Oh, I was going to be like, J'mon give me a ride, and I forgot to say it.


(singing) I sing to you in desperation. I'm looking for a Tome of Isolation. We need to find a tome, so we can go home and kill a guy named Vecna. It would really make us... Nothing rhymes with Vecna.


That thing is a bitch.


Are you just doing Earthquake the whole time, or are you just standing there staring at the ground?


Best friends till the end.


Yeah, he has a lance.


Mine's very simple. I'm going to spend a little time every day-- I'm going to find the nicest park in town. I'm going to spend every day and I'm going to meditate and try and get some guidance. I'm trying to have another epiphany about what happens next. I'm going to sit quietly and meditate every day somewhere green, or whatever passes for it in this city.


(muffled) Help me!


I act like me, I think I'm going to be fine.


(laughs) That's 28 points of damage, and he has disadvantage on all attacks for this round.


Oh, so he's done.


He's checking the sheet. Oh no.


Who used the Incantation of Isolation? Perhaps if we find the book of the user, we will find their spells.


No, I don't want to, though! I'm going to-- you're still unconscious, though--


And next week is also the premiere of Handbooker Helper, right?


Don't worry, we wouldn't try to poison you the night before a dragon-fight.


(singing) Hyenas will bite them.


I feel like we're trying to talk ourselves out of this, aren't we?


Nay-nay.


All that coolness. Yeah.


Have a good day!


...Territory. Strength check?


Get close enough to the other group that they are aware that we exist, but they couldn't quite make us out, so just another group of travelers camping for the night.


Yeah, you know, pluses and minuses.


Nine points of fire damage, down to four. Okay. I'm going to break away and take a run for it towards that crater in the far right corner.


You have a healing--


Yeah, 24.


No, he's got a movement and an action.


I mean, what are the chances? The ocean's huge.


I will help her.


Break the outside gem!


It was not, it was a "Vax."


Does anyone want to try to talk to these things, or are we just (cutting)?


Kedofett101. "If I can help such a great cause with a donation, the way..." Gosh, it's a lot, sorry. "If I can help with such a great cause with a donation, the way you wonderful people help me, then I'll give what I can. Thank you so much for bringing a smile to my face with your amazing work and the awesomeness that is Critical Role. Love you guys."


Can I stealth and climb up and see if I can see a cavern?


We can't pretend shit here. Let's just go talk to them.


Ja, that's no problem. I give a little tug to the leather tied at my knee and cast Mage Armor. I send Frumpkin in, and reach for Nott, and hold Nott by the shoulder. Look through Frumpkin's eyes and send him in to look.


I think of jewelry!


We fucking lived!


Oh my god, you're lucky!


It's been a thousand years!


That we've heard?


I will take a look at it, and look at the area and see if there's anything left to it or other traps further down.


Yeah, breakfast ale. That works.


Scoot a cheek here.


No, no! Oh, because they might recognize him as the murderer?


Because it's late and this is what's happening.


Yeah, you've got dex.


Do I take any of that?


This is serious.


Oh, god. Which one to roll, which one to roll.


Who do you report to?


So she wouldn't automatically know. They wouldn't be able to spot immediately that Percy is not actually--


Yeah, it is very large.


It was girl power that healed you.


I go around looking for friends. I give my most winningest smile.


(laughs) We didn't know if people liked our show or not!


I drop a little bit of spell components through the box.


(whispers) Hi!


I will feel better with one or two more Vestiges in our pocket.


So. Let's search around and see if we can search the woods.


Critical Role by the way, name of the show. (all laugh)


I'd be more than happy to. I'd be honored, actually.


Spraying_mantis would fit in at our table.


Box, box, box, where did it go, box? The box that came last night.


I like it! It feels good! This is what I bathe in!


You're alive! How did--


Can I-- I mean--


Yes, lifeboat. Is there a--


Nice! First room!


Or Taliesin Jaffe.


He had one left?!


Yeah, that one.


Naturally.


By the way, Clarota-- Clarota you have definitely picked the right people to assist you.


(laughing) I don't know! They're so low! It was all those free rolls during the two weeks when I rolled 20--


Can we get to Whitestone, can you bamf us?


Pumat, we came into a little extra coin recently and this is our favorite place to spend. You don’t happen to have any articles of protection, do you? A necklace, a bracelet, a ring?


We can always go back out and get more ears whenever we damn feel like it.


Towards and away from the ziggurat, and the ziggurat's 12:00 and we're 6:00.


Why is there a Magic pack in there?


You got it, Tiberius!


Odell wasn't holding the sphere.


Pew!


Do you have a Dispel Magic on you right now?


He's at two failed. Pike's at one.


Get that-- can I-- Get that out. Get that out.


I am sorry, you are from the south, yeah?


Any other entrances or exits?


Can I dash into one of the creatures?


Now. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. I sometimes get a little out of control. But remain calm! All right?! Jesus! Remain calm!


I know, and I saved you!


There's no time. We're going down.


Can I say something from this realm?


That's true we are. We're very strong.


You're mysterious, Caleb, you know that?


She won't die if she's a (bubbling) thing.


That would work on me.


All the way around.


Saving throws.


Fjord, I gave you the bag of skin. Don't forget you have that.


You're like an Italian grandmother in Hoboken, New Jersey right now.


Don't be so fucking casual about it!


Or is your soul yours again?


Find out about that curse.


I didn't mean to do this! I didn't know this was going to happen!


Yeah, fried tomato. Yeah, blood sausage.


Oh, it does damage?


Kumbaya, my lord. Kumbaya.


It's probably me.


Yeah, it was dex for me.


He got a date!


All right. I'm ready to do this except for a few holes in our plan.


Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!


Flame hands, which is an additional d6, correct?


See? People are just nice sometimes.


Yes, my child. Inside.


I used it to go earth elemental, because I thought the Briarwood fight might be a little bit more beefy than it was. But I don't necessarily need it.


As soon as he enters he's in range, isn't he?


I didn't roll any hit dice. Should we roll some hit dice?


Yeah, I think so. What do you add to it?


Let me sleep, hold on.


So I wanted to make a couple announcements of people that helped out tonight. Not just donators, oh so-- I'm gonna read off a couple of people who helped out first and then we're gonna start off reading off people who donated to the charity. If you want us to read off who you are and your message to the Critical Role crew, you still have time to donate, 'cause I'll start at the bottom and work my way up. So if the mods could post the link to, you know, the command for Critical Role and you guys'll see there's a link there to donate. Donate to 826LA. Every little bit helps these guys a lot and it would be really helpful to the stream and the show. These guys have been working really hard and Matt puts in a ton of time and to show your support, go donate to the charity and we'll get to your messages. Okay, so first off, I'm gonna thank the_Duganator8--


Yeah, you mentioned the tent thing. That's not a bad idea.


Seven plus five.


I don't think I can destroy it.


Three plus five. Eight.


Oh. Stealth check. 13.


I'm sorry, buddy. (kissing)


How many points?


That sounds accurate.


We'll rescue her! And we're going to kill your god! (all laugh)


We should check any of the other cells?


I rolled a one again.


I could do one if we really need it. What's wrong with Grog? He can't do it?


Oh shit, hold on.


Little tiny hamster unicorns!


I'm just going to walk down there. I won't be able to see you, so I'm going to leave a little--


What nice friends you have, Scanlan.


Can we call you Lion for short? That's fierce! I'm Keyleth.


Maybe no bows.


(as Eeyore) You know, anyone who tries to kill her can.


Are we still old? It would have worn off, right?


Oh, that's a good boy.


Wait, is this an investigation?


Make sure everyone's in and close by, and get done with everything.


22... 32.


(cartoon voice) Hey, look at me! I'm Avantika!


So much better than the old Vax. Look, any one of us could die at any time! We have died. Some of us more than once. It's a miracle that I'm here now.


That's how I want to do it. I want to do some pelvic thrusting while I'm saying it: Bite me. Bite me hard. Bite me, motherfucker, bite me!


Do you need someone else to do it for you?


I am so starved for a good book. We've been in the wild for a while. I don't suppose there's-- I doubt it, but is there any place to find literature here?


Then two more. To the short one. 16 and a 21.


Yasha's following me? I'm like  You can follow me, but I'm just--


Okay, this one is going to be sharpshooter with Blazing Bowstring, so hopefully-- goddamn it! What the fuck?


I'll use my bonus action to cast--


Don't fuck with my sister.


If you told us what it was, we could help you.


Oh, that's so kind of you! But we have beds that are specific to us, and we--


Natural fucking 20.


They don't even have to board us, because we're going to stay out in the river. We're just taking the skiff in.


I know. It's pretty impressive.


We've never needed you more. (laughter)


But Papa, you never told me any of this. You were cold to us, and you told us a bare minimum of what you did and how you ran things.


Don't question it.


Wow! Your dice just ollied off of the side of your dice tray! If this was Tony Hawk, you would be accumulating points still, it's racking it up.


We have, we were just way high above it.


Can I tie the rope off on a branch?


And if he has any trinkets that lend Freedom of Movement, we'll place an order.


The rakshasa?


Thank you for ruining that one for me for all time.


Okay, well I think, go fuck yourself, and stab again. Nine plus-- 19.


My action, I activated my boots. My action surge activating that. Do I have anything I can do with a bonus action?


Ironwolf  "Great stuff, guys."


Wow, your reverse math was super fast just then. That would have taken me five minutes.


(singing) God I hope I get it.


Science check. Does oxygen penetrate the sphere?


Yeah, it's black.


If it was Rissa, what is she still doing here?


He's leaving.


Do they look like him, maybe?


Turn her on!


Ooh! I took notice of this.


You've always been in charge. Because you chose not to lead was your own fault.


Well, if I had to wager on it, I'd say that he's in a dungeon in a rubber suit, but I don't know where, no.


It's 2 00AM, I'm sure everybody will be asleep. Let's risk it.


That's for Trinket?


Which we could do. You never know.


Don't step on my cat.


Yes. We could be Mormons.


#savecriticalrole.


Into this (high voice) teeny-tiny little room.


Or at least put in for an audience.


You can ask nicely.


I go unconscious. I use my Relentless Endurance to pop back up to one.


Mr. Caleb, I want to destroy it.


Okay. It's history, though.


Get me the fuck out of here. We're level seven. Why did we do this?


Hole up. Let's find a place.


My friends!


Big nine.


We don't?


At the end of my turn, okay. I'll swim up and poke the thing with my shortsword.


Cool. Going to rub my butt all over it.


Matthew, don't do it!


For traps, for investigations, that is 18.


We’re all naked.


If you could flip to the transmutation.


Let's go eat.


I'm going to come up-- oh, go ahead.


Do it, Travis!


One down.


Go through it!


Bolt of lightning, five feet wide. Basically, it's just lightning. But in a javelin.


We'll wait for you here.


Spotlight, basically, like a little flashlight, a radiant beam like a torch--


Still your problems, yeah.


They're covered and he's around the bend, so I'd run in further.


You're my best guy!


What? You don't look like-- With a lot of makeup, maybe?


Come in. Aww, you're my bestie. All right, I'm going to start looking around for traps.


Okay, in my buff Michael Fassbender, but as a hot chick kind of way, I look down and I go: Grog! The gymnast thing! Whoosh. And I swoop down, my speed.


This was such a great experience, and we took video of it, so hopefully we'll have that edited and maybe sometime next week or the week after, you guys can see and learn a little bit about this charity that we support and talk about every week.


Are Sarenrae and Pelor good buddies?


Firstborn.


(sighs) I hate you.


You could workshop it.


Can they see each other?


I'm just laying there, and I'm holding--


Nunchucks.


29. Looking for any traps.


You never know! He could get lucky!


Oh, you know. If we can. We're not altruistic by nature, either.


Might be.


As a crownsguard. I was walking alongside.


Yep. So 26.


Something happen?


Hold on. Not good.


All that work!


Sure did!


And then get in, get arrested, get--


Mama! They're going to take care of you!


Those birds might have told them we were here.


Here's a little something to help you guys out. Another one from Chua, here's a little something to help you guys out. And I know there's more coming in, this is what we've got so far. Thanks everybody.


Says who? Who's in there?


Well, let me make it clear  goblins are not typically welcome in any cities, that is why the mask.


Well, we should probably start with a tavern.


Meanwhile, at the Soltryce Academy.


The general store doesn't like us very much. Oh wait. That healer's kit, is that the one you bought when we were together?


Yeah, you going to do something on his room, Keyleth?


You said how many? Three parcels?


Well, how do-- do we know where we're going in the Feywild?


Fighting on the stairs.


Lovey, would you look at this dwarven home?


15 hits, so that's... ugh. That's 20 points of damage.


But now there's Backblaze, a cloud-based backup system that's so easy, you'll look like this gal.


Okay, I want to try and do a little pushy-shovery at the same time.


Am I helping you? Are we doing this together?


I noticed they’re blocking up the gates, and I need to get it to her because her birthday’s coming up.


I know. Don't worry, you're fine. She's as much a liability as anything else. You know you're fucking mad when you're gesticulating this much. You should just go. You have told too much. I am going to go. It's time to go. He sits there for a solid five minutes. Then two hours. Wait for everyone to wake up.


I completely understand if you want to stay with Cassandra for the night. Would you mind not being very comfortable, though? I was thinking of camping in the woods.


Well, but so could one of us.


I know, I'm sorry. Yeah. I know. You're right. Yep. I just got a little bit squiggly. That's all.


It was, yes.


Well, like it would-- just around everything but the-- well, the barrel would then have to be--


It's hard to remember. It's a lot of aggression, anger.


Does it always do that?


This thing? What thing?


I cannot tell if it's a happy or a sad bookstore.


Well, you think about it. You think about what you've done. I know you'll do the right thing, eventually.


Just two more of those, please.


It's a very studied practice; I spent years learning how to do it.


I would reveal my unmentionables!


Yeah, was he talking out loud?


2d8 damage.


I go running back up since I’ve already shot my arrows.


Related, I leveled my undead holy priest to 64 last night, on Warcraft.


Maybe we can hold on to some of those gags.


Going to use my last Luck for this sleep cycle. Natural 20.


How far is the Platinum Sanctuary?


It doesn't really matter, I rolled shit on both, so it's okay. Don't bother.


Come on, what are you doing?


It's like a bunch of Mr. Meeseeks with cows. Do I get to pick a cow? There's just one cow?


That's probably not going to hit. That's a 13.


Oh my god. Guys. Magic  the Gathering Puzzle Quest. Did I mention you can find out more at bit.ly/MagicRole?


Really using all those platforms of yours, Matt.


Fierce as shit. Spiked collar, tongue out--


I look at Fjord over my shoulder.


Okay. I'm going to do Mass Cure Wounds at 6th level. Let's see.


I'm actually going to bonus action Hunter's Mark him as I land. I'm going to move the Hunter's Mark, excuse me, from the slain guy.


Yeah. (group cheers)


Posthaste? Possibly?


Oh, I may need a ringtone later.


It's over that way. It's still 700 to 800 feet.


Can I use my dagger that's on me to try to cut the rope that is attached to my front?


With the sword?


We didn't even finish telling you people!


I've commanded ten of my invisible guards to protect Vex's feet. (laughter)


What's the name of the city, one more time?


(mumbling) Nothing, just going (gibberish).


River dancers.


It seems bigger than a creature would be.


I'm helping, no? No.


With the dust of deliciousness, is that one use, or multiple uses?


All right. Just giving you a heads up; you may be turned into a whale in a little bit.


I look so pathetic right now.


I pull out the jar of ears. (laughter)


First attack has disadvantage. I'm going to be in front of Caleb.


I've had better.


Have you written any?


I wish I was still a rogue, it's the best class!


We're not really interested in that. We just want to see the city. Our business is elsewhere.


It looks like a happy little robot from up top.


Would Pike know if there's a good crew? Let's save ten minutes on finding Pike. Would Pike know if there's a good crew?


It's Laura's fault?


They're right here. You can get a look at them!


They haven't been on the water much. An island to the eyes of someone like him would appear--


You're making a very, very good argument, and my friends are your friends. We're all here to help.


Matt Mercer, white courtesy phone. Matt Mercer, white courtesy phone.


We trust you, dear.


Borrow the Thordak mini.


I'm a man of my word.


Eww! Fucking gross!


That's so cryptic.


Here, let me hold your drink.


We'll let the others know? Okay, and we'll go to the Open Quay.


Wait, we have three-- yeah, okay.


Can't be a part of the SHITs. "What have you been doing for the last ten years, Keyleth?" "Well."


Bash and a headbutt. What do I do? I roll something. I roll a natural 20 on bash.


Why do we even bother to plan?


God, I can't get 'fingered to death' outta my head.


Have you ever had liquor?


No, because you did a good job of killing that.


Sure, sure. Here we go.


It's starting to become a thing now. I'm just saying.


Just call me Percy.


Just you wait!


One's an eight, so 15 for one.


If I know how long it is, can I do something else instead of throwing it? If I'd known the distance--


War God's Blessing!


Does it sound like skeletons, or heavier?


Hey Pike, gimme a slap!


That's all right, that's all right.


Kill the horses? Oh, to use as-- that's right, we could.


Bonus action to hide, or no?


So I went with Grog to Vasselheim. And because I wanted to go and read and work on some things--


I'm going to use Blood Maledict.


Just don't use the word "mate," not even in the buddy sense.


Okay. So.


Wait. Pike, do you have any sort of Cone of Silence, or anything? Do you have a Cone of Silence?


Sorry. One last question. So his eye cancels out magic, right?


Fucking hell!


Liam just got an erection.


Yeah, I'm going to follow the eye.


While I'm attacking?


Caleb would help.


Well, it knows that they're alive---


Gern Blanston.


Away from them, too?


I said that about you.


What? (angry panting)


It hadn't finished doing it?


The dwarf, from the Knights of Requital.


That's a weird thing to put in the middle of a swamp.


I think the "Mr." was pretty respectable, all things considered.


Oh, so I'll go and I'll use some of my Dust of Illusion and I'll (pfft) on what he's wearing and shape it into a fancier robe.


Is there any fruit that I don't recognize?


Will you remind me because it's been a while. Gilmore's a good-looking man, though, isn't he?


What if, instead of letting it fall before we fully break it, we take the rope and rope it.


Right out the front door.


No it's a 5th-level spell.


Okay. So it doesn't look like there's a big divot?


I grab Keyleth by the arm and I just pull and run.


Where did he come from?


As long as he's in that circle.


I didn't do that, Father, you did. It's gone. Everything is gone. You don't even own your own house anymore.


What, do we go and make a deal with the devil? (goofy chuckle)


Vanity plate? What does it say?


On that walk, while they're leading the way, I quietly walk alongside Pike and fill her in on everything I have seen happen with Percival: the smoke coming out of him, the darker turn in his personality, the way that he branded that man. Everything that I am worried about.


What if there's unlimited numbers of them? What if there's a whole--


Are there any shitty pillows or anything?


I say  Let's get out of here.


Does it make you uncomfortable? Do you want someone else to seduce her?


You mean--?


We walk away. Just so you know, I think she's really cool, and I don't think anything is wrong with her. I think she's the best thing in the universe.


Oh, God, you're using it to attack? You can do that?


I'm going to go again, Dimension Door into the temple.


As read by Sir Ian McKellen.


If anything is locked. I strongly believe that I should go in as well, because these are two very wealthy, powerful people, and there could be magical--


Six to eight. So on the short end, we could get up at three and walk over.


Oh, underwater? Oh! I did not know that.


Yes, let's leave the room.


Let's go try to talk to one.


Meanwhile, for the last twenty minutes, I've been combing blood out of Pike's hair, and we've been having god talk, and as I put little fun buns in Pike's hair I say, "You know, sometimes I feel like she is right there with me. I ask questions and I know the answers, but most of the time I don't know anything. Does the balance ever shift?"


Beauregard, can you hear me? If you can, respond to this message.


Yeah, we've just been working on this shirt for a while. And it came out this week.


I rolled a 16. Sometimes it takes a while for my mind to settle on truths, and I'm having a hard time thinking about it right-- you know, maybe I will save this for later.


We just had a third-party perspective.


I mean, you're quirky.


It will be impossible to save our friends without killing them.


I cast Blink on myself.


I can project my sight through my arrow that I fire from it, for up to ten minutes.


Sexiest fire giant I ever did see.


Find the thing, decide to do with the thing what you want to do.


To the wall, so I have something to climb down with if I need to. It's not going to be hanging out; it's all in.


That's a lucky find.


Okay. Plenty to spare. However, he gains four temporary hit points.


I hate what you've done with the place.


Not going to lie, I'm a rules lawyer. Bit of a rules lawyer. So memorize your fucking Player's Handbooks, you amateurs!


Oh, that's so nice.


Honda.


I have to find Doty and get some stuff, and then I've got to be on my way.


I'm coming into you, though. I'm coming into you guys.


(as Trixie) He's not quite like Trixie. He's more like (high-pitched) The Traveler!


It smells like wood in the studio, like fresh wood.


How very Santa Monica.


I don't know my history.


I have no ki points.


It can be dispelled, just at an action?


Vax? Pick up Vax?


I could teleport into one of the cages and start untying people.


I think that's reasonable. We'll--


Yeah, that's what I've got now.


I think we do understand your desires though, and we can align ours with yours. So let us speak of specifics, Clarota.


What's your typical rank on board ship if you don't mind me asking?


Okay, Trinket, Scanlan, and Pike.


On the spot? How fast a forger are you?


Kill that dragon.


Let's do the other two.


11, but I have resistance to lightning damage.


Do you bake?


Or the closest wall. Did it hit a wall?


80 feet apart.


So we can make it tonight.


Is there a clear area where there's a bunch of goblins running?


I was going to put it in the Bag of Holding.


Make yourself grabbable.


12 with three points of lightning damage.


You mean the tapestry?


Preference?


Ten, 16, 24 damage.


Can you add your inspiration? Add your inspiration!


Slow. They have to beat a 16. They've got Bane, or the hydra's got Bane.


It's not like an embankment down to the lava, right? It's just a river of lava, right?


Just say yes.


This couldn't be because of our journey to the elemental plane, could it?


Thank you. I'm working real hard.


Ah, yeah.


All right. I'm going to inspire her with a limerick.


I'm just going to start searching all of them.


So when you say you are his blood you actually mean more literally for once? Is that what I'm getting?


Hey, guys! We're playing Boulder-Parchment-Shears! And then I Alter Self my fist into a rock elemental fist, a Keyteor fist, and I go, see, look! Boulder! And I backhand Lionel.


Still a monster thing, though.


You're not on the carpet anymore? Oh, the three of us. I'm going to stay on the carpet.


If we come across a guard, I'd be happy to inform them of what we're doing.


She said.


(confused laugh) I'm sorry.


21 won't hit him, right? Okay, so I'm going to try it again. Goddamn it. No, it's at disadvantage. Neither of them hit.


What's wrong with what you're wearing now?


We must destroy this beast!


Yes, I do. And we're leaving town today.


Oh, gods.


Please feel better.


Cubes, really.


(pained) So detailed.


Goodnight, Mama.


Okay, I'm going to roll damage on that one, which is ten plus my normal eight. 12, 14 plus six for Hunter's Mark. 20 plus six for sneak attack, bitch!


That is a very sick burn.


The ones we made fun of.


Even larger antlers?


Let's table it.


The house just collapses.


You're not here anymore.


No, like they dropped, and there's a hole in the canopy.


I would do that. I have done that. I just want to say, wrap it up in a paper towel, stick it in your bag, fine.


That'll be funny. Oh, I also have to make some ammo for it, since it's individual ammo, so should I just roll for that?


(hoarsely) I rolled a 19!


I have at least 11 pounds.


I mean. Ooh--


And there's a pretty little tulip and I lay it at the edge of the barrier.


This thing wants her dead, and the only thing I can think to do is to say no.


I'll take one, why not?


Beau is really good at finding things, I think.


That is correct. He had his own business to attend to. We parted ways.


It's a Shatter, a straight up Shatter arrow.


She can attack. Oh, she can't attack.


And very expensive looking.


I'm also going to say, some time in the last several hours, I don't remember what the armor is set to, to necrotic.


Hey, we're all cows! (laughter)


I keep thinking back to Emon where we watched half of our friends die in a second.


And I went back to my sister's room and I pulled the blanket down and I just smeared it all along the inside of the bed. And then I bring up the blanket and tuck it in nice. It looks perfect.


What are you insighting?


To have these weirdos with us?


We're all agreed, then, that Fjord eats poop.


You want to go first? Actually I'll go first.


Well I know, but--


It's nine, just double it.


Yeah. Do you know the fight song?


I have a question for you, Vax. The Braving Grounds that are here, would it be to our benefit to collect maybe some coin and practice our (gets choked up) fighting before we go to the maybe-friendly fire jugglers' village?


We could hang him in the tree.


The king.


We're a part of the group Vox Machina, we've been through here before, we're part of the Slayer's Take. This is a matter of great importance, so if there is any type of upper management we could talk to-- (all laugh)


She will be back.


Oh really? Okay, cool.


It's all right, I got the healer, I got the healer.


I will sing in his ear  (singing) Fly like an eagle to the sea. Fly like an eagle-- don't drop me! (laughter)


I'm going to start, back to normal, at the very top of the pile, looking to see if I can start scraping through using my sword to make a crevice.


How much heal do you get out of a potion?


Those books look like you could remove them and play with them.


All right. Let's do it.


I miss being a rogue every day.


Kill it! Advantage!


That was a terrible roll. I'm going to use some movement to dodge left to get out of the way of that guy.


Hang on! What did you just say?


If I have an AC of 24, Am I fine or no? I mean an AC of 24 - never mind, it hits.


Yeah, we'll tweet at the break.


(laughs) What was that face?


Also, when you are down there, you hear in the back of your skull: Books!


I mean, I told him I was attacking.


Wow. Do you know what they've been attacked by?


So we're right up the hallway from our prison cell, right?


No, no, no, I am really a nice guy, when you get to-- Get the fuck over here.


You have his name?


Oh, yes, that too. Yes.


Bumper VO. The Slayer's Cake, open till 6PM, 7 on weekends. Closed Thursdays for adventuring. Slayer's Cake aprons available now. What? We have aprons? Tary, you didn't tell me we have aprons! (cheering)


Is it a troll?


Can I dash and then make a bonus action?


Yeah, it goes straight up to the roof, it says.


Why don't we go across. He can come back and get Trinket.


We'll let you know if we find them. Come on.


Because we still have a man tied up. He's been sitting there for probably about an hour or two.


We head back.


Hello, Percy.


Are you interested?


We need diamonds. I also need a new tea kettle. But yeah, we need diamonds.


They might be opening a second one.


We all landed on the top of their main building.


He doesn't know who it's from.


You're Marquatian?


Oh my gosh, will our 50th time up with our year? We got to figure this math out.


With some flirting!


You get another swing, yeah.


Yes, he did.


Let's head back to the inn. Let's try the barracks. We'll try the barracks.


Fenthras, Wrath of the Fey Warden.


Yeah! You will love him.


Can I say how much I wish Pike was here right now?


(laughs) All good, Kima!


Yeah, but is Kevdak going to engage in a fight with a magical Grog? That's not a fair fight, is it?


Yeah, I'm wise as fuck!


I feel like I can do so much more. (phone rings)


27. Jerk.


Oh shit. Now I've got to write it again because you said it wrong. Hold on.


So it's not technically in the dragon school?


Sorry, 826.


Everybody knows shit's fucked.


We'll Mass Suggest that they take a bath later.


Everyone was.


Like that area, right? Is that where it came from?


So wait, we're going there why?


As I cast the spell, I just say, Hey, Sun Tree? Watch over Scanlan and Kaylie, okay? And then go though.


Let's get some information, let's figure out--


The dice smell a little bit.


Jester's not with us.


Archer season seven?


I pull my sister in close, and I say, take me instead, you raven bitch.


I'm getting poor, you guys. I'm getting D&D poor.


I send the Thunderwave out by cracking my knuckles, and as I do so, I do: ahem, Gern, might want to check this out.


Oh, man, that's right.


That he can't fit into because he's huge and it's for normal people.


I was just going to say.


Yeah. I say  Tiny thing! You tiny thing!


What bonus do I have?


So she, yeah. She plays rogue, in like Dragon Age and everything. That shit's a favorite class of hers, so I know I got it out there. Also, the reason that we're twins is because Laura and I have the exact same birthday, May 28th.


Were they near the area that it collapsed?


We took both. We figured we'd have options, if I recall.


Does he let go? I can let go now.


Wait, what's our plan?


Yeah, I'm not asking the tree.


These boots appear to actually be boots that my people might have made. They are Boots of Spider Climbing. The wearer can spend an action to cast Spider Climb on themselves, no concentration required. The effect lasts for an hour. Spider Climb lets you-- I go to Percy. He's waving dibs.


Sea anemone. Sea anemone.


We have to take out the metal thingy.


Well, I can Polymorph him.


Lawrence?


He rolls the spiky fucker.


Oh god, please don't pick up Beau.


Are you a communist? (all laugh)


You can make potions of healing?


We're hoping.


We're fucked!


Okay, good. 14, 16, 17, 18, plus 2d6 because Trinket's standing next to him. 25.


We have four acid vials, plus that.


Sure, there's a trickle--


Uh-huh, and I can concentrate on a 40-square-foot for ten minutes. And each ten minutes I can change it.


Use protection! (laughter)


Yeah, I'm thinking that Keyleth should--


That would've been even better.


I'll take a watch.


(singing) Orlando! Orlando!


Best not to think about it.


I think I'm embracing the chaos.


At night. In the night.


Kill it with fire! I Sacred Flame it.


That's how we get out. Good to know.


Make sure you disarm the other two.


You did the math wrong there. Oh no, that's right.


You want me to look? I'll go look!


(in Marisha's bad accent) Let's go to the North.


You can take it. You've earned it.


Ten on the medicine check.


Everything in the area. It's done. I rolled a 17. Is that a success or a failure?


I'm not slowed down, so you know what, I'm going to sneak behind Trinket. I'll send Trinket out, and I'll sneak 100 feet behind him.


Everyone? Some? All?


Look, Little Teeny is my friend. All right? He spoke to me out of the deserts of fate, and he is mine and mine alone.


I take the last piece.


Do you ever hunt creatures just because they're evil and they're killing people?


All right, let's go across and heal our rogue.


"Ooh, that's a good roll." Not what you want to hear.


Oh, it's on the left?


Do you have that ability?


Stay on task, Widogast! Just quoting your own advice.


It immediately catches your butt on fire because we're surrounded by methane gas. You take four damage.


First episode ever, Grog goes after Scanlan.


Now I'm going to look around, and I'm going to step back and into the house for just a minute.


It's quite lovely, isn't it?


And I only need 66.


I love this so much.


(weak growling sounds) (laughter)


You know, if you were on the sea long enough, you would know that I'm the type that only asks a question once. Who else is down here?


Now you're in front of the spiders.


Garmelie, how far of a journey is it to this bog?


I expected the crash test dummy. Weekend at Bernie's. I had a whole fucking theme park lined up. (laughter)


Pleasure, as always.


He's covering his face. I think we need the blue shit.


Got here a bit late. Is he dead?


No. Not so much. Not a lot of money.


This is going to be a sharpshooter and a trick shot, I can't take both at the same time, can I, it's one or the other?


Is that 6d8? Or 8d8? Bigby's Hand; I always forget.


We can do the bubble here and have this wall take up some of the bubble space, or we can be right next to this wall.


But they originated in the west, and they are currently travelling southeast?


I got it. That is 40.


Here you go. You can sign this.


And immediately follow up with my other dagger, which also hits.


Possibly. Could be farther. Can we see the molten things that he was talking about? The lava flows?


Yes, the twins pull him up and one--


What? I got a Celtic knot!


You burn some calories after all that chicken, right?


What? What did she say? Haven't heard-- didn't expect this-- what?


Perfect. Safe passage into the Bastion of Flesh. Once we're there, we're on our own?


It's not concentration, right, Counterspell? So what do I do, just a d20?


Well, I'm not hurt.


Stealth check is good. It's a 21. 31.


It's a happy little spot on the sea of the insanity that is the internet.


That's 11 for Yasha.


That's a level nine barbarian.


With your help, son.


You can't get this on network television, ladies and gentlemen.


More than one, I think.


Well, let's go quietly, you and I, take point.


More bang for our buck.


You've had a little--


I mean, I still never really want to see him again, and I don't think he wants to see me again, either. In fact, he told that he didn't want to see me again. So it's good. Yeah.


I mean, should I try it, just to see?


We're still a distance though? Where we are, from the guards?


Oh my god. You don't know what's in there. Keep pulling stuff out.


No, it's 27, 37-- oh, 41, you're right. I'm alive.


I'm not curious.


That was a long turn.


Or stolen by the Baumbauchs? I mean, if we do something that a family within the Tri-Spire needed representation, the law upheld, but the Richter turned an eye because a more powerful family was winning out, then that person is shit.


Barbarian, 14?


(yelling) Another drink!


I chase after him.


He'll outlive you, right there.


The wonder bear.


We are walking away.


Which is 4d4 plus four for each one that I hit.


Things are really bad in the Mighty Nein when Nott is the soft member of the group.


And then I see Tiberius go and I go, (whoops). And I go, too.


And I put my goggles on. Safety first.


And we noticed the, I believed it was the naga we fought, it seemed to have several extra heads stitched on. Have you no knowledge of these creatures? It seems very odd. Is there any connection in dwarven history or past? Or this is totally out of the blue?


Too muscly? Too bald.


I do another Gust of Wind and clear the ship deck and clear the path ahead of us.


Come on, do something.


Scanlan, start tap dancing!


I imagine we'd get there, do Animal Shapes to get through and get to him.


It is a very fair point, although I would say I think it would be best to talk to Allura about your father rather than talk to him again, I think he's possibly had enough of us for a while.


Oh, can we make a body scrub?


This is the worst game of Minesweeper.


Mother of dragons! Do I have any more movement?


Oh my god, what if it's a safe in another dimension?


I quickly turn around and through the wire say: (whispering) There's four lizard people over here. Looking in the distance at them and at Jamedi.


Tell them where we are right now, and ask them where they are.


Yep yep!


I got a place to be, so if we could move this along. Are we fighting or not?


That's everything. Well, I could move, but no. I'm going to stay locked with this one then. No, I'm done.


Infernal? They speak Infernal. Technically it would be a middle name.


You tried Parseltongue.


It's not like a spell or anything, they are two dogs that live now.


Not until we're past the gold room. The glass room.


I'm going to use my-- no, not on that one. That misses.


Give a high-five.


If you ask me, keep going. No place in this area is going to be safer than any other.


Yeah. Magic weighs on you.


All the horses are gone.


In the Tri-Spire.


On the plus side, I think sitting in the cart, that Caleb is probably the cleanest he has been in two years because it's been raining non stop.


We can open it up.


I’m going to try and find one armor plate and start going to town.


You looked excited.


Here it comes.


What do I do damage for the exploding arrow? That Percy made, by the way.


I've never fought a zombie giant before.


Yeah, isn't he on the fake ground? The lich?


So I'm going to come out of the door, take a look around, see him, and I'm taking a shot at--


Did they turn us to stone? What did they do?


We're making a cameo appearance in Rat Queens, you guys!


It was too easy!


With the Vecna eye.


That Voloshin said that one of them ran back from the task.


Victor! Thank you, you're so kind. And if you would be so lovely as to not mention us to my friend if she should happen back.


And any other number, we stay home.


All right, we'll leave.


No, let's go to the stockade.


It's a black light.


Do we get advantage on any of it?


Oh, really? What's the most unique one you've ever seen?


I don't see anything. I'm going to keep running.


Another six!


Trinket's a boy?! With a name like Trinket?


We are killing it!


She went off prowling as Minxie and she's not home.


We'll get there. I would hope that you wouldn't trust us, and I would hope that you understand that we don't trust you. But we need to make a real plan now.


I think we should kill him.


Molly, do you intend to keep Toya here or do you need to take her back?


Nothing good happens when you let Mxyzptlk out of the goddamn skull.


I am staring you in the deadeye--


Okay. And the thing next to Fatty Arbuckle is also a baddie, yeah? They're all baddies?


Our mother read us stories about shit like this.


Who first?


(laughs) Oopsie.


(singing) Sam is our hero and he's handsome too. Look at that smile, and such a boyish face. Oh my god, these lyrics are so crappy. Why did I agree?


We have dried food rations.


Saturday is for sure.


Here's what I know.


You're not even drunk.


Sure. Oh. I'll inspire Grog first. Because I'm about to hit you.


By its designated flower girl.


Oh, soul matter?


Is it gauche if I mention a thing that's going on?


We'll explain on the way.


The one we're heading in, Fjord, which is the only way we could be heading.


Yeah. That's a Vestige for you.


It's mainly filled with chicken.


Cast what?


Why? Why are we adding more things to this?


I'm looking for the Traveler's symbol.


I'm glad we didn't sell any of this stuff over the course of time.


Oh god. (spluttering) This coffee's been there for a while.


Or give it to your mom and have her go find The Gentleman, but she's just amazing.


18 plus 12? Just barely hits.


I think we should go ahead and do it. Give them something to tide them over.


We'll all look like dirty--


Honestly, he can still get you from where you're at. Unless you move further away.


I think I'm crazy now. It's gonna be interesting.


This is the equivalent of the head shot on the wall.


I've been waiting for this all week!


No it doesn't, but I do think we should probably have at it. We've got the trammels, Grog's got them.


This is outside the tent.


Hey, back to full!


Regardless, even if this goes belly-up, we just disappear. You know, we have no ties to this, we walk away, yeah? We just get out with our skins, even if things go as badly as they did at the hospital, and then we go, we just walk away.


Look at that old fucker out there.


Are there ropes still going down?


That's fantastic!


I go back. It fucking worked.


Great. (retches) Okay. Open the door, we'll head upstairs.


He has to make a wisdom saving throw.


Blue fabric?


That gets me to 18.


We're going to put him back up, that's what you. Sorry.


Can I pull out my falchion? I'll flip it over so it's pommel up and I will use Eldritch Blast towards the remaining zombie.


Duck Hunt! Shoot it! Vex!


At advantage? We'll call the first one, which was a three on a magnet, and the second roll was a 17 plus my eight is a 25.


How many days will it be sailing?


Giant balls. Yeah, his I'm not sure of--


Tell me what you want to do and I'm there.


And Marvel.


Look at our beautiful horses. How come one-- Mamma Mia is way prettier than Dancing Queen.


You're gonna be all right.


Why is she not dead? Why is she not undead?


And if you wanted to cast a Slow spell, just, you have to focus and tell it to do that.


He did, yeah.


I wait for a second, and then start stalking them.


I rolled-- let's see here, sorry. I rolled a 15 and I will use-- because we short rested?


We're all laughing and one of us is unconscious.


(chuckles) Yes.


You guys are evil for making me leave him.


What did you just get up to?


Can we put some light in there and maybe take a look at what's in there?


So four, minus four.


We're talking about erasing the path back to this thing, we're not talking about removing your adolescent years from your memory. Just this one thing.


Hey, you might be able to-- oh, you burned your move, though.


I would like to cast, um. (all laugh)


You said there was a big army front, guarding this general? Of duergar?


It's fine, I won't kill you.


Can I do a look for anything that looks out of place, any papers, anything, trap doors?


Fuck yes.


That's it. That's all the numbers in German.


Let's go towards the under--


What's the continent? I suddenly blanked on it. You just said it.


Am I on the outside of the--


He sees me? I see him?


Well, one's us and one's you.


It's hard to read some of these messages.


I don't know that, but... I'm just staying.


Okay, cool. I will shoot my crossbow. Oh, that's no good. 12. No, 13!


You don't say.


Trin?


Kynan's on it.


A whole five.


Ooh. Great, I'll do that.


The Value of Valor!


And is in pieces?


It's nice not to hear screams of torment at all times.


Have you seen the lizard people?


It's very impressive.


Yeah! He cast the protection spell on us!


Oh no. What is he doing? No. Seriously, though. What if she just died?


Wait, and the hole is right above the water, correct?


Do you want advantage?


That's a bad sign.


Hi guys. Hi.


Oh crap, wisdom?


Yeah, here's to abandoning expectations!


Okay, that sounds good.


No, I'm going to Control Water, and I'm going to jettison us with the current.


All right, well, I pull out my picks. And I get a three on that, so--


Ooh. What was he trying? Who knows?


Maybe under Lavorre?


Disadvantage. I hate disadvantage so much. That's cocked. It doesn't matter though, it's awful. Yeah, never mind, I fail.


He's dead!


You felt a little--


Mass Healing Word?


We are saving a bottle.


Vex? And your name's Vex, too?


Jester, and Molly.


Glad you remembered that. I'm kind of forgetful.


I might have.


I'll make my way towards the captain's quarters.


Do you have any family?


And a couple people with wings. Oh god, the creepy music is starting. We gotta go, y'all.


Just pull him into the little crevice, for my move.


Story Mode!


Good to be here.


He's not tied up.


He's rolling dice, you guys. Is the shack large enough to house our entire?


Yeah, let's just do this.


Do I dare ask what it looks like?


Yeah. So I will peep in from here.


You didn't.


(panicked yelling) Oh! It's just me!


Ooh. That ain't gonna do it.


Ask him what his name is.


Does this seem like anything we've seen before anywhere, these trees? This fruit?


Totally real.


Well, I mean, I got to talk to a couple of trees and let them know that we're coming through.


You don't know me. (laughter)


Oh, just 11.


Keep you well-fed here, do they?


I love that so much.


Actually, you know what? No, I'm fine, I'll just roll.


We need a key though.


That's a tunnel that goes under the English Channel. Wherever that is.


The city's a part of the empire.


No historical acts, no mythology, nothing like that?


18 for the arrow, plus three lightning damage, plus six for the Hunter's Mark, and I don't get another Sneak Attack.


Straight?


"I love--"


I don't like the dice that I have.


But I want to hear what they're saying.


The tribes.


At dawn we drink some more. We learned that Thordak is enslaving sculptors to build his image all around Emon. What we have learned is it seems that each of the dragons have picked a city, a domain. Maybe this domain was part of the bargain to join Thordak's cause. Help me, you get your own city.


Is there any moonlight?


He is the creepiest creep.


The only thing I have that can get rid of poisoning is Lesser Restoration, which I can cast on Yasha right now. I can get rid of the poison on you.


No. It just seems like the obvious entrance.


And last but not least Sam Riegel! (cheering and chanting "Scanlan")


To Doty.


Also, why did you talk so funny for a moment?


Should I cast Locate Object while we're walking around?


It will hit, but I will do my Cutting Words.


Oh, you bastard.


A moment alone, please.


Ayyyy. There's a rod.


Electrolytes...


I'll do it! I'll do it. (all laugh)


No guarantee that we'd be back in. So we should stay.


We have those chains. We could--


Should we take some, then?


You know, once every year, around Winter's Crest. Well, I mean, it's a long way, and I can't Tree Stride or whatever you call it.


We stay at the very edge, stealthed as fuck.


I'm wondering when we're gonna face a beholder.


I will rip off--


Pooper muffin. Okay. Well, then.


No crits for you! Crit happens, whether you're here or not.


That was insane.


There's no inspiration-- Oh, no, he rested. Yeah.


How big are those slide marks, Yasha?


You gotta pull it round your cheeks.


I'm doing the old college hallway sit. Just outside the door like-- That's my room. Occupied.


Missed the elbow.


I say we get Doty's disguise off of him.


And I'm going to draw like a zombie, but like as an old man but as he's biting his dentures fall out and he's not no teeth!


He'll look like a fucking donkey, or he'll look like another commoner.


You can teleport, and I'm almost too afraid to even suggest it, but if shit goes south, how would you feel about teleporting inside of Umbrasyl's stomach? With that rod.


I don't know, I'm irritated by it.


Matt, before you run off for the thing, can you describe as Caleb shakes his head out of what he was doing, what do I see? I haven't paid attention to any of that.


It makes him lighter, yeah.


I'm so excited to take damage.


I walk over and I heat them with my heat hands.


We get saves on all wisdom throws, which might come in handy when we're fighting against things that control our minds.


Oh, we all fit on it? Oh, look at that.


All right, all right. I'm man enough to admit that he's convinced me.


How dumb am I?


She can heal people. She is able to.


Fjord Practical.


There's nothing he can do with it, anyway. I have all the ammunition.


Wait, it's drawing towards us, or it's pulling in?


(singing) I came in like a wrecking ball!


This does not count as an attack on the creature?


That's okay, I've got the armor. It deals damage when you hit me.


Oh, bloody hell. I'm going to knock loudly.


Well, that was for Caduceus. Don't worry about it, okay?


That's sad and funny at the same time. You carry the gold, because I can't carry it all.


He does what I tell him to do.


29 minus five, 24?


Oh my god. D&D Beyond.


Ha.


Does it look like the fire is spreading at all?


Have my baked goods come out yet?


To another tree! Because it hit me and it kind of changed the trajectory.


Okay. I'm going to take my six paces towards the lava pit, and then--


Yeah, but I meant the depression, is it like a couple feet?


I have a platinum bracelet?


Because you haven't transcribed it?


I give him ten gold for the information.


He's peeing.


In a hallway. Her ears were pointy. I know a lot of people have pointy ears, including myself, so I'm not judging anyone who has pointy ears.


Just another, one more.


Did they say why? For a performance?


Why are you putting a thing on me?


We don't want to push you, Pike, but you know, it's just us girls here.


You're a bad liar.


I'm fine. You know, we-- adventurers lose people in battle all the time, right? And we have a-- it's nothing, right? It's totally normal. This happens all the time, right?


If only I had gotten to say natural 20 before that happened.


I don't want him coming for us. Don't we owe him something?


I am alive.


Yeah, right? Not bad.


Did we recognize the guy that was talking?


We all go down in a blaze of glory.


I did, I already did.


We have no fucking idea what's going on.


What if we take those beans and put them in the little triangle holes? I don't know. In their hands?


He's upset about the notion of pants.


See, it's all there. (laughter)


Right, I reach back for the third one and I go, who's good now? (whack)


I'll heal everything but his face. Let's see here.


Fully healed.


Wow, where the fuck did you guys just go? I hope we're going there after this show.


Pull out the magic jug, yeah.


Creepy!


Pickle?


What about--


Okay, for each?


(pained grunt)


Swing it high, Beau.


This is quite nice, oh yeah. You know what? I think I'm going to treat myself, I'm going to take it. I feel like I've earned something, we've had a good run of it, and I have never spent this much money on anything in my life.


That without the love of my friends, life has no meaning, and I would be nothing.


Only if I move a ki point. Right. Nah, fuck it. Ninja star.


Oh, before I forget. Nila wears a necklace of six red feathers. Four of these feathers were people from my tribe who were taken: one for Kitor, one for Asar, one for Duma, and one for-- oh, shoot. So emotional, but I know it-- Duma and Masag. Masag was one of our strongest. They took him too, and Duma was the little one that Jumnda mentioned. One feather was for me, for leaving my tribe to find my family, and I took an extra one because I thought I would find friends who might help me. I will give it to you. I undo the feather, pull it off; it's a perfectly intact red feather. I don't know who will take it, but if you ever need our help, you can come to the temple. If, by chance, we're not there-- but only because one of us would go back to check on the others of our tribe-- we'll be in the Crispvale Thicket. Just go where the moss is the thickest, and I'll be there. Thank you for everything. Thank you so much.


We can't donate tonight yet?


Is he stopped, or is he moving?


Lex Luthor, and you play Superman.


Put her on our to-call list.


That is so beautiful.


It could last him 20 minutes, yes. Get him to the docks, maybe.


I am, in fact.


Aw, it's like Ren Faire.


Yeah, since Keyleth-- the mantle's a little heavy and flashy and a little formal to wear all the time, but wanted something to still represent my chiefdom.


Mama elephants and then baby elephants.


Okay. I look back at them and I do that thing where you just kind of do this. (laughter)


I do want to, and bye.


What is that, 12?


Okay. Pike, you with me? Hand in hand?


Dexterity save?


C'mon, Pike!


My sister and I are going to have a look around. I have a question for you, though. If we make a stand here today, in theory, is it worth it to you to stand with us?


Can we see anything that points to what deity it is from inside the chamber? Can we see anything?


According to this, it's eleven-- that can't be right, can it?


We can have my cat tomorrow to link the two groups.


Or take your time! Barbarians are dope, yo.


How long have we been awake?


How would you know that it's leaving a mark if you had not disturbed the string? It's very important.


Three in the morning?


Are you offering him that jewel, or did we ditch that idea?


Maybe have a little side area with hookah and some nice dancers, you know? As he watches, to add to the atmosphere?


"Oh God, I'm a tiefling. What happened? Why is this happening to me?" See?


Yes. Hi! Starosta, it's so wonderful to see you again.


A little.


Did Fjord hit one successfully?


I'm gonna hand another one to Percy.


I can't believe we killed Clarota!


Kiri, how old are your parents?


No, I meant Caleb's stink.


No one now, but in the future-- it's a frequent occurrence for us.


With my swim speed--


Good morning sleepyhead.


Is. I think I can, right? Can I sense the location of where--?


Deciding it now.


But pure of heart! Still going back to the guards thing! Back to the tavern, let's go.


All right. That's--


I don't think he's rational.


They were trying to take Grog. Fucking assholes. I feel like we were very reasonable, considering how unreasonable we normally are.


Grog, Taryon!


You won't have to worry about me anymore.


I'll be like a lighthouse, walking around. Crushing life. (all laugh)


Yeah. I promise I'll heal you if you start to hurt, okay?


The brains, the brains.


It's a bit of a ways.


Where's the laser?


Okay, ooh! That is 12 damage.


No, you wouldn't. You got it. Go stick him!


She ain't got no weapons.


Can we see any traps or glyphs that are active?


I had a moment.


Yes. Perhaps.


Four, so seven.


The work speaks for itself, really.


We don't know what happened to Uriel, we didn't see.


I'll turn into a bone devil.


Took a lot out of us.


It's Desmond. Let's go to his tent!


This wound will never heal.


All right. Natural 20.


We live here now, we’re residents. I haven’t had time to tell you. We have a keep, our own keep. You should come visit. It’s on the outskirts of town. It’s called Greyskull Keep, and you’re welcome any time. Day or night.


Why? Was that sarcastic?


That hits. That is a 20 to hit.


I send Frumpkin over to start lapping the blood off of Jester's face.


I know, it's wonderful.


I was going to. That’s what I was going to do.


Add some distance, yeah.


Rainbow, ending with indigo!


All right, go! Go! Go!


I feel like we should maybe camp and sleep and rest up and get-- I don't know, it's up to you guys.


Aberrations.


Burnished Bibelots. Which ward is that in?


I have a robe! I have on a robe!


Well, I didn't know if it counted.


Damn misty dudes. I'm mocking them.


Have that backup character ready. (laughter)


What about the vials?


But he was doing something? He was reading, or something.


That little ledge won't support-- I mean, is it a long hallway that ends abruptly, or is it this much space?


Come to me, woodland creatures.


I just was like, hi! (sniffs)


Vast space? Big, wide open?


Dude, get the fuck out!


Thanks for the clarification.


The whole bag?


Oh, well, let's make this nice and easy. I smack Grog on the ass and say, "Go get him".


Right. Dash-- hasted, I can go very very far.


Not that I want to feel any more damage after that hurricane of pain, but does it do anything else?


Capital M, capital R on that, by the way, guys. Visit it right now. Friends of the show. They need your support.


Second dagger does seven, and third swipe does nine.


Mail fraud.


Normally so loud. Insight check. 18.


I'm out of its range now.


We can also travel via being clouds, like we've done in the past.


I come to consciousness by Scanlan's singing?


19 and 30.


Can I walk up to the shadow table?


(clears throat) Goodbye, Loot Crate. (laughter)


Well. We have this method that we used to do. Light the arrow on fire, and then send it down. So I can see by the light of the fire on it.


I'm going to open it and I will-- I'm going to poke at it to see if it seems trapped or anything.


He probably is hearing everything we're talking about.


Are you resistant to necrotic?


Lorenzo and Beau.


I cleaned you up. Don't worry!


Thank the chat?


How big is this room down here?


Let's just get a couple of bottles and share.


Why is there no water running?


This is it, you guys! Just keep going up the stairs! And that's my speech.


Can you? Can you make an insight check? I don't think you can.


She also breaks hearts.


Could be years.


Can you cast it again?


I kiss his cheek and say, I'm so sorry.


Let's just own this.


Yeah, she's gone. Who's that down there? That's you, Percy, right?


My poor little feathers are like, poo.


There's two! Small!


Can the guardian do it? Hey, you that was attacking us. Can you get those chains?


That was--


Receive an extra level or Matt's hair.


Traditionally, you have to go to a map maker.


I am clearly moving ahead of them to the front of the fucking line. (all laugh)


Yeah, bitch.


She can move it just fine. Just think, "forward."


(excited yelling)


I leap!


With my tail.


Yeah, I was on that side.


No, let's stay and fight.


Are there any other doors in this crawl space that lead into the main?


Fire stays where it is, typically. It doesn't move up.


Should we make the brush look like we weren't sleeping on it and stuff?


Happy pineapple day.


Yeah, any other items that weren't destroyed?


Garmelie!


(gnawing) What?


You are a beautiful creature. This might be strange, but I give him a hug.


Okay, so I've got the little girl pinned, and I am going to go, shh. I am going to take my arm and--


They're zombies.


It's like a bad video game glitch. Bad texture glitch.


Wow. Ice cold.


Wait, what? No, you had the upstairs built, Matt, you didn't have the downstairs built. That would be too much.


You're all the way in Vasselheim!


I may have fed a couple sharks in my lifetime.


Daddy issues.


(drawn out) Eldritch Blasts.


I need a name and location of where to find the information that I need.


No, I said it's good! It's good! Let's go! Right? You agree. We're never wrong!


He's rolling.


You're so good at this.


Because you're asleep!


That wasn't there before? Or was that one there before?


I was practicing a new catchphrase.


We talk in here, or are we going to take them outside?


Yeah? I'm going to save it. Five.


I do like alliteracy.


Uh, yeah. Sweet, sweet anus.


What did you roll, a one and a two?


Two zero, exactly.


That means that existence is about to end.


See? They're massive.


The recap makes it so much better. Just lay it out.


Yeah, seriously.


I think honestly here they'll have difficulty identifying which of our blood is going to be splattered on the ground.


And I'm going to try and figure out a discerned direction?


I ignore cover. It's one of my magical things that I do.


Is that why you play so much War Machine, is because for once you don't have to be responsible?


I thought you were on fire. I'm really sorry.


Fuck his shit up, Nott! Fuck his shit up!


No, I wouldn't! I love children.


Oh, well that's even better, 17 to hit.


But, like, you seem to have an accent, so let's put a little flair on it when you say it. The bowl of GoFiBePo.


We have three fancy robes.


It's all right. Vex is on the paper, so.


I have my own room. You can go stay in my room.


Even if he's there, if she's not there, we'll leave.


He did. He did.


I mean, the dreams I've been having all year and telling you about. They felt like this. This is the moment.


Thank you, Shale. Let's try to live.


Life’s not that bad. Life’s not that bad.


All right. We're going to need more than just you, we are going to need a few of the others, just in case.


All right. I think she's listening to me.


The wharfmaster Ignus.


I'm assuming-- oh, go ahead.


We can do that.


He said that they were fast.


But there is one guy who made it onto the boat?


(sings) I can show you the world.


By the way, ice sailor sounds like the coolest job. What does that even mean?


(cackling)


That's a success. [cheering]


What about a position?


Do you want the rest of us to go tomorrow, or do we still need to be look out?


What happened in 2015? The whole way through. Start from the beginning.


Where's Toya?


Starting to get a picture, yeah.


We've got to get you glasses.


We're just hiding in the trees, we're not going in to investigate?


I got dice.


Scanlan? Have you been talking to Scanlan?


You want to do it?


It's mostly true.


Streaker's sprint.


Plus fire.


Yeah, when they came and cleaned it out after the fucking razzle-dazzle.


Nice. Solid.


Would you say that Caleb is a speed-beater?


Oh, things are happening!


He wants a sex puppet.


Maybe they thought they were tough and strong, and they were not as tough and strong as they thought, so now they sell rope.


Thank you. All right, get the fuck away from me. I've got to meditate.


Nine-- 20.


It's like Wisconsin.


I give her a big hug.


You know, sometimes accidents happen.


That's 28 points of damage.


So it was sent to me on the sly, because you're so dear. To all of us.


Oh no. 13?


Don't fall in.


That was a one.


Vax! Shit!


Matt, I don't like having people on my right side. Is this weird?


I have climbing gear. You can use it as a grappling hook, maybe. Does that work at all?


Total two up top?


I'm going halvsies on the cloak with him.


Vex is fine. Laura Bailey? Awful.


I have the jelly-legs.


I'm such a wannabe.


We need to talk to her.


Instead of shooting arrows?


We're all on board.


Did they want to kill you or just take your blood?


No, can we go next to the one on the far left and see if I sense any like wind coming down, is there--


That can be arranged.


She's totally flirting with him just to get the goods.


But these are battle-hardened men and women, every one of them.


Not Baumbauch.


Might have gotten to that, perhaps.


CheeseBug88 "LessThanThree."


I think I know who to have that discussion with as well.


What's east of Westruun? Who has the map?


But I really needed to put some distance there.


50 feet behind.


It's literally one syllable. I feel like that's not a lot to ask.


Oh, he does?!


Thank you, you're very nice.


(husky) Hey. (clears throat) Didn't sleep a lot. Sorry. Hey, Percy.


Okay. Also, I got this guy with me. Can he get a room and a library pass?


Can they get two gems each?


I kneel in front of him and I start massaging where I fucking beaned him.


Do you have a wineskin?


Those were my words. Go on.


He came up with this one; they were a package deal.


I walk across the room.


So we are inside the-- we've lifted open the hatch, right? There's no other doors going down to the downstairs, right? That's it.


No! And I crawl over and grab it.


I think it's The Gentleman.


Actually, are they in a line? Is there a way I could get in a line?


You polish off that one already?


Sure. I've just been nerding out over my leveling up over here.


A little broken. We thought were maybe just disarming it but I think we probably broke it.


That's some Fight Club shit.


It's weird to see the bottom of your pants because you normally have those thigh-highs on.


So I hit the rock.


That doesn't count because it slipped out.


Fuck Matt, jesus.


I know all of these things! All of a sudden!


We've got another day's travel, it's got to be 20 miles away.


Right, so we've got triage camps set up. I will say, some people are going to stay no matter what, and they have the right to stay, and that's their choice. I imagine some people will come back and rebuild here, but most people, they are ready to go. They miss their families.


Do you have any empty positions at the circus for these two?


Hard to count.


I punch him across the face. (cheering)


We will start figuring out and discussing a place for the final battle. We will find a place that is advantageous. Your input, if you feel the urge to give it, is always welcome. At least to me.


It's like the one that we saw before.


How big is this place?


I think that's a good call.


I met him years ago in Japan doing mocap and on all our breaks he was just playing Civ on his PC and telling me all about D&D. This predates all our D&D, so he is DPB. Dick in the Peanut Butter. Really gets into the game. (laughter)


I'm going to do an arcana check. 18.


Well, we know we're looking for someone without a hand.


Does it look like the tree we're looking for?


All right, so I get back on the table.


While she does that--


Vecna-dar.


Did we find mulled wine? Did we find a wine vendor?


It was like Carpentry of the Damned sort of thing.


Is this an attack range thing, or does it automatically--?


I insight check him!


(laughs) I'm a dad.


Can I hear her go (arcane chanting)?


I've got no flying. I used my only flying potion.


Not until you beat Mad Max.


Okay, I'm going to Hunter's Mark him. And I'm going to shoot him through the Sky Sentinel.


Lots of travel happening. Happens when you travel, I hear.


And now we're getting it back to Jesus Crit. (laughter)


It's, uh, Ermahgerd?


Does the drawer have fruit in it, though?


I'll summon the falchion and I'll say Maybe try to locate this, and I'll point towards the eye. Not this eye, but a similar eye.


I take my shield and put it in front of a couple people.


I never said I show pity. I wanted to know what the hell this artifact was that they were after. Figured you here at the Cobalt Soul would know.


All right, I'm going to step outside and scry on Allura first!


I don't break eye contact.


He's not sticky with maple syrup. He's lying.


Any papers? Any weapons visible?


We're going to walk right in. These two are going to create such a fuss.


It's still a cow, it's still a cow, don't.


Maybe you unrage. Lullaby, Hulk. Lullaby.


Return that damage.


I feel like we should just carry you through the town, crying out, "Gustav's release paid by this sweet little girl!"


Clever!


Thank you, Scanlan. Thank you.


Well that's good, because it cancels out any magic--


Scary fun.


Come on. Come with me.


"All realms are the shore. The sky is a window, the water a door."


Well, it hasn't been relevant yet.


Pregnant rage.


I'm going to... slink back into the shadows and turn into an earth elemental, and sink into the ground.


It is somewhere I am familiar with, I believe, through means that I am familiar...


It's a bow.


17 points of damage and that's it because I suck.


How many?


Grog sacrifices the gnome. (all laugh)


I don't have any more 5th-level slots. So, I'm just going to make it even bigger.


Is it you? I thought I killed you.


Yeah, the one that you squared up against with, for most of the time.


Okay, here we go. (exaggerated Scottish accent) Hallo, ya bonnie lassies and laddies! Don't be a wee dafty. Ma kelly ann's been haverin how D&D Beyond is the maest braw app up tae hae though.


But we could help. Obviously, we had nothing to do with it if people are hurt outside and we were here the whole time.


Pike, will you carry me over the threshold? (laughter)


Hand is an object that has an AC of 20. Strength of 26. Blah blah blah.


We get her hammered, and she's the most fucking badass.


You're going the other way? Away from everybody else?


I was gonna say, music to murder to. Go check it out, it's great.


It's morning, still.


But take the shield, too, though. Take the shield!


Yes, I want it! Give it to me now!


Ah! What is this? What am I doing?


Ruh-roh, hey kids.


We'll do our best. That's what we're here for.


I knew that this was coming, I just thought I had more years until it happened.


He meant well.


When I get up there and grab him, I'm going to bash his head in and I'm going to throw him down, and if he's still alive, you get him.


I was asking how you got your eye patch. Did you-- did somebody shoot it out of your eye?


But I just got here! Don’t leave!


Yeah, I rolled really low.


I do have Locate Object.


It's like Santa Tracker, but Taliesin Tracker.


Before Vax leaves, I just put my hands on his shoulders, and I cast Enhance Ability on him, and give you a dexterity boost.


It's like a Kinder Egg. There's a toy inside.


And I say, and whatever weapon you were about to brandish, you'd best wise to leave it be.


Do you think she was dropped on her head or something? She's very sort of, you know-- (grunting). You know what I mean? (grunting)


And some general shopping that's just some stuff that doesn't really have--


He has one more.


That did that we did to you when we first met you. You know, we turn one thing into another and then we go stay at an inn and buy food and then it turns back into pennies and that's not so good, but when you're starving.


We haven't encountered one of those, I don't think.


(demonic) Scoot, scoot! Scoot!


Who do they fit?


Destroy it if I can. Take it and hide it somewhere that they can't find it. They raised me, and I learned a lot, and I know what they're capable of and I feel responsible for the things I helped them do. So I feel like it's my responsibility to stop them.


Is there anything that either of you can do to hold, silence, or assist me as I shoot this fellow?


I've had so much to drink!


20. Get it. Get it. Reanimate that fucker.


Percy, what did you roll for strength?


No, I get a full spell action. It's my lore feature. I get to cast a brand new fucking spell when he lifts off.


But what about the other sword?


Oh no, K'Varn!


Why, Lucien? You afraid the Myriad will hear? What's his reaction?


It's good. It's true, shaved head. The wind, it's good.


That's what I'm doing. I'm checking that out.


So are we doing Invisibility or no?


Ooh, we'll put our weights down to weigh it down.


Yes, you were, we didn't tell you to go! Scanlan, we said don't go!


Maybe? I don't really remember things like that.


Here it goes.


He's an ass.


18, plus five.


Is the next playlist still going to go up the day after Thanksgiving, or is that going to be two weeks from now?


In every aspect, Scanlan, disgusting.


I made you plan for this!


That was wonder-- you still have a little sand right there.


Show some class, man.


I think they may be drunk enough. Let's go see the--


On the other end of the ravine?


I thought that, as well.


Yeah, I threw two daggers as part of the surprise.


It's as simple as that, isn't it?


(chanting) Checking for magic.


Can I come?


Yeah. I'm an investment banker.


Yeah, 'cause what if something's waiting for us on the other side?


Yes, yes! Yes, queen, yes!


Hey. Hey I'm Roy Mustang.


Okay. Tell me this, did I hear a bunch of footsteps? Can I hear?


I thought it didn't burn either.


All right, I'm out.


Might have to make you special gloves that don't have any fingers.


Pike, Grog, do you want a drink?


All right, big boy.


(gasps) Does this mean we can dig?


Kind of squishy. Really soft.


I think maybe it has nothing to do with us. I think maybe we were just caught in the crossfire.


(singing) You're the best around! Nothing's ever going to bring you down!


I don't know why we did it! I don't know why I'm working with a large fucking beast of a man who seems to despise me. Day after day.


Okay, upon looking at them, I don't get it, and I hand them to him.


I have a modifier of zero. Minus two.


We're wind; you're good.


Right, because there's nobody here with me. 27 hits, so that is a three plus eight is 11, plus my psychic damage is 12.


I am a self-made man. I would like to try.


Well, how successfully could we silently kill these two on the wall? You would be good at one.


Yeah, the coals are cooking.


I'm not talking to them. But someone with more charisma than me?


Can we scout ahead? We're both really super stealth, can we like--


It's 16. "Each target must succeed on a wisdom saving throw or be affected by the spell for the duration."


Well, hold on, let me add my stealth to it.


That's in the new campaign guide. Super disadvantage. Only when you're stuck under a tree on fire.


Hold on. (mumbling) "Be frightened of me until the end of the next turn."


Oh, good, one.


I'm still afraid if we roll into Shadycreek-- once again, just pointing out what we are: two firbolgs, a goblin, and then some kind of acceptable-looking people and someone with a reputation. Well, by society's standards.


Well, I am willing to discuss our continued involvement, once the payment is figured out.


The Crypts of Fomora or the Silted Bale.


That is 15.


But we were bats, Matt. That was pretty fine planning.


I look at the guy. Is this trapped?


Memories. They're all memories now. I don't even remember their names. I remember some of them, but we were heroes and now I am here.


Nope, already lost it. Nope.


Right. Are there any vines that look like they might be thick enough for me to try and climb up if I wanted to get to his height?


Fjord, I feel like I should get up there.


Ball, ball -


Do we have a few minutes? I can do a quick Locate Object spell, see if we're headed in the right direction if you wanna--


That's right. That's two plus another four. Sorry, that's two doubled which is four, so that's 16 damage.


I wouldn't have slid down the fucking slide, I would assume that leads to death. I don't need to throw a pillow down the slide to know--


I know! I tweeted it out because I was like, "No one told me that one was in"! That's exciting.


If I puffed some smoke, would it draw attention to us?


They'll be holding your hand, you know, in later years.


I love it! It's so good.


Sovereign, if I may, can we ask him a few questions before you do what you gonna do?


Oh, Trinket. Can you heal Trinket?


Oh, that's good, that's great.


No, no. For a man of such low wisdom, you are proving wiser than I ever imagined. (laughter)


Thank you. Where would the access panel be?


I'm very emotional about some of this.


Are we sure we want to leave this place? People like us here.


Wait, for the duration--


Mr. Vina. Mr. Drez Vina.


Where you going, Vex?


Yeah, I have three.


I thought there were just five. I don't know who those other two were. I don't fucking know! Everything that I thought I knew about them-- I don't know.


That's fascinating, for real.


Did we say we did anything about the fog? The fog is still there.


They're the Grudge Gang that we see?


Okay! Your Hunter's Mark is gone.


(whispers) Rock him, Keyleth. Rock him.


The cough. Everything, so that she's filled in on his darker turn.


I go, Molly! Molly, hey!


Yasha, you look trepidatious.


Wow. That was exciting, and I feel empowering to a lot of the female-- (all laugh)


Maybe you guys have to believe.


I think it's a trap.


I heard he was brave. Very brave.


Does the poop talk like my earring? Because that I understand.


Yeah, yeah! Fuck. I really want an over-under on how long it takes to lose one of those fucking things.


I'm running. I'm not going back to jail!


20 to hit.


Wait, she's like Luigi? (as Luigi) It's a-crazy!


That's genius.


More ogres and goblins.


He literally invited us into the temple.


And I'm taking a shot straight down.


All right, come on, we're going to get you guys out of here. (strained) We're going to go.


That was pretty good, though.


Rainbows are a motherfucker!


Yes, I'm calling for the lycans. Ooh, that's good. 23.


And the third one is a crit. So I get one back already.


That's a problem.


How far would that rummaging entail? Just curious how far you would look.


I walk over to Caleb. Hey Caleb. Found this.


I'm looking for fucking traps.


Oh, well, I didn't wonder about that. I wasn't worried, but I guess I should.


But it's not safe to assume-- Asum, sorry-- that they're not in communication. We have to assume that they are. I'm so sorry.


Maybe make some mayonnaise or something? Want some mayonnaise to cleanse your palate?


I have them. Here's two sets of armor.


Okay. Nine?


The Academy?


Did you take my salt lick rock?


And nine?


Hanging brain!


Did any of it precede the attack?


Beau is unconscious.


I hope you get your eyebrows burned off.


Gnome-kicking is a time-honored tradition.


Someone asked about Percy. Percy doesn't know if his sister died and Percy doesn't have a plan for his family because right now Percy is scared shitless of everything going on in the north, so no. No.


At dawn, we Microsoft Excel!


I'm going to open up the censer.


Twiggy is the only visible person.


Investigation, did you say?


Who all is leaving?


When Vorugal fought Yenk.


I really feel like it might be necessary for me to also reach out to the Air and Earth and possibly even the Water Ashari. It might be difficult because I haven't been there yet. To see if they've had any other tears through the other elemental planes.


Your town sucks, weather-wise.


28. No, 38!


So remember, acid pools everywhere. Do we have any type of cohesive plan, or just--


This one is a Bramble Shot and it's a 25 to hit.


Okay, okay, okay, one is a 25, and the other one is a 19.


You should see if there's rooms downstairs.


(whispered) Chop off her hand.


Does it look like the guy that we met down in the sewers?


What got you locked up with this guy?


Percy. Pike!


1d4 from Bless.


Yes, thank you for that. (laughing)


Yes, I think everybody has at least been dead for a moment at this point.


Maybe the blood sacrifice is what lets them know it's dinner time.


Just a couple of more questions.


Can you pitch it to us in 30 seconds or less?


Hocus pocus, motherfucker.


So I fly down there--


We're not here.


Yes, it was very smart.


Are these creatures dangerous to us?


But I don't know how to do that. Is there an Unseen Servant or something?


What did you get out of all this?


I'm going to insight check as well!


(singing) I'm... I don't know. I'm giving you everything, all that health will bring, this is true.


You got up!


Okay. I'm really good at these. 12.


Look, I'm willing to trade you some very powerful magical items for some schmeasley little potions that heal people.


You dog!


Well. Do you still want to look into other options, or do we want to just-- We could take the deal. We could reverse the deal.


I was confused.


Are we saying if, or are we saying is?


Well, I mean us dwarves are known for our dicks that are sensitive to rat bites.


Nope. You just look really cool.


Did she rage?


We take a very quiet walk around Whitestone. I want to pass all of the temples that are either still standing or destroyed. I just want to take a temple tour. Not stopping, not talking, I just want to see what they look like. Pelor looks good. The one in the cemetery?


Quickly. Quickly.


And the room gets quiet.


Is it Mike Myers?


Let's bring Trinket out. Fuck it!


(as Jester) "How big is the chamber we are traveling in?"


Also, I'm sorry, some of you wish to be in the spotlight with the things that we do?


I'll take it. I'm not going to use it; I don't know how! Barely. Woo-hoo!


The sorcerer is the half-elf.


You don't have to tell us.


Well, since I touched the skull and I cut myself, could you do me a little. (clicks tongue)


Aren't there still two--


Oh, she's naughty.


As he's about to step, can I cast Levitate on him and lift him up into the air? He doesn't step on it, with the claw, the green magic comes out and (whoosh) up into the air.


I'm going to perception it. 20 on perception.


Hold it up a little higher so the people can see.


Do you need a commission?


No. I meant in the mansion!


Mightily.


Oh shit, you fucking--


(laughing) I was like, "come get some, bitch!"


I get to add plus four right, because we're blessed?


It's coming back around!


I would have been King Grog, I would have gotten a cave, I would had a bunch of harem people taking care of me, giving me sponge baths with their tongues.


That is not true. (laughter)


I don't think we would have taken the cart past the fishermen. Are we going to do that?


Which we did not do.


They're nasty.


Had to be a spiderweb.


Why didn't you just light your hands on fire instead of putting it in bread?


It's like a little dog. The little back foot creeps up. (growls) If we could we're-- did you just fucking? Shit. We were thinking of maybe finding our way outside of the inn for a bit. I don't want to presume anything, but do you have the ability to change the way you look?


I'll take you there.


Yeah so. Get it in there.


He's got a Vestige. He's still just him.


No, he would have extra day to recover! Percy's not himself yet.


I'm sitting out front. I'm doing the door.


Before we go to Marquet. Let's say Marquet takes 13 days.


Yeah, that's true. [laughter]


Oh, but I see the door on the other side, so I take the earring--


I don't think I was in that class, actually.


Do you know Roshambo?


Are you in the house yet?


(gasps) What about Gilmore!? Where is he? He was right next to us.


If I want to be known for something, this is exactly what I want to be known for.


We need to not rest.


It's like Duel of the Fates. On a burning rooftop in the rain. (laughing) Giant goliath and a gnome who spits fire.


Survival check.


(gasps) I feel like something's going to attack us.


Oh, yes! Fuck you!


And I'm like, oh, that tickles. I don't expend an action to do that, and instead I look at the main dude and I'm going to be like, here's something she taught me. (babbling) And I use a scroll, and I'm going to cast Blight (magic sound) on him.


We could try to stay and fight?


You know, there are other things happening.


It's got five wheels.


I start unscrewing my flask. (laughing)


Dr. Manhattan, in the house!


Yeah, I was in front of Lady Briarwood, though.


Jamedi? Following you.


It is, it is, it is. You know what, I'm going to keep it-- I'm keeping it in a separate stock, because I don't want to take money away from Westruun--


That's still cool.


When we were like kiddies? Oh, no, but she'd be forever--


Man, hit the fucking priest!


You jumped in front of him?


So we might have more like thirty.


No grill, busted eye. Okay.


-- but do you think there will ever be like a pleasure hall, or a house of, you know, bosoms. I mean, I just want to put out like a couple ideas as a city, bound up.


So happy to have you here.


Now I understand why people that I know play this game--


Avantika.


Each one is a Fireball.


Inter-planar travel.


You need help carrying your purse? Your bag?


Oh, that's profiterolos!


We have not? I hide. I hide in my cloak.


I wouldn't.


He's schvitzing. I mean it's not even humid in here. (whispering) He's got a problem.


Oh no, Scanlan!


Well. Pleasure. You know, we meant to return sooner, but we've been a bit held up.


He went in the apothecary! And I take off running.


Spotlight.


Come on in!


Okay. She stops for a moment and you see this green magic flow around. I'm going to cast Dragon's Breath at 3rd-level on myself. Then she inhales. Acid breath, 15-foot cone over the creature.


No, I can throw it.


Because I'm frenzied raging, do I have another move?


Sorry, I mean Fjord.


To throw what away? I want to hear you say it. Why do you want to go after them?


Cute!


How many of those does he have?!


What? How do you know that?


I'll do the Draconic sort of--


It's time to start stocking up and getting ready to move?


Doesn't actually switch hands, you just do this a lot.


It's not us, clearing, and then the building. There's stuff.


Great, cool. That was an awesome--


This thing never works properly. I really have to work on that.


Yes, we have a guest room.


If Bigby's Hand had about ten seconds left, I've got about nine minutes left on this Control Water spell. Why don't we try and move as fast as possible along with the chain and maybe the Immovable Rod. Let's go. You guys go first. And I'm going to try and halt the flow.


Look casual. Don't touch the wall, you'll burn!


A triumvirate.


And went down to that place that you told us not to go in the first place? Yeah, that's where we ended up.


I guess I cast Control Water.


He's having a singular experience for a bear, though.


Oh, I can get advantage?


You have Aid.


Life needs moisture to live.


And scales, definitely. There will be plenty of scales.


Lots of donations tonight.


Tablespoon of Wrath. (laughter)


Oh, wait. We brought the flying carpet with us. It's in your Bag of Holding.


Oh, he's dead! He's dead, Matt. Game over.


We're mostly water. I think it's our water. I think we end up very dehydrated at the end of it.


How'd you hear about this compatriot? How do we know you're not selling us a song? Who was this compatriot of ours?


I just drag Nott five feet over. That is two strikes against you. I think we should really just sort of enjoy the show tonight.


Fine. 30 goliaths would throw 30 chains with 30 spikes on them at this dragon, I bet a few would hit.


I think we're having sound issues.


She texted me saying, "Is Travis going to be upset with me?" and I was like, "No, he's just going to be upset with me."


Not great, but at least we're not under attack. A ten.


I don't think we need a fire.


As far as, down, as I could have been to begin with, so even-Steven with those guys.


Oh that is some 'stache love.


You shush!


A companion? What does that mean?


And he's on Vax?


Who is good to be lookout while the others?


You want to be in the middle?


I know. But you are not her. And I'm not saying it's the truth, but it is what I believe is in her heart. I think perhaps that might lift. I will never hurt her. I will never hurt anybody intentionally, especially not you, any more than I already have. In return, I ask: never take your eyes off me. Never trust me. And that is the best friend that you can be.


You're not going to move?


We could keep watch.


Caleb, are you okay?


It took three spells to open this door! Three spells!


Ooh, I wonder if it can like earthquake.


We might want that later.


Easy! Easy!


Electric Boogaloo.


Can I hold my bonus?


The weave of time.


That's a lot, coming from Grog.


I don't know. I didn't see, it's too dark.


This guy-- This excites me.


Oh my god, they're on fire. We have walls!


Guess those jewels didn't do shit.


And if that fades, he's fully aware that he was dominated, right?


Maybe the platinum is only for the trammels, not the key.


We are headed north.


Yeah. I'm going to try to unlock the door.


Okay, I'm going to try Conjure fucking Animals again. By the way, I was wrong. My pearl of power only works up to level three, so I don't have two level fours, I already used the one. So. Conjure Animals, again, two more giant eagles out of the ether. This time I want to conjure them like ten feet above his head.


Yeah. Make it so.


It's in character. I mean, don't give her a hard time.


Could have waited 11 minutes, but no.


That's a hundred.


Is that the door that I checked? No? Yes?


That's really creepy.


But you can't, you're like a priest or something, you can't lie!


Hi! Kaitiyaki. Water Ashari?


We're all going in.


I can't see it.


I'm going to do it at the guy in front of me, who's right behind me.


I have a lantern.


Not that I would know that.


I forgot to look too. I did too.


So it doesn't work, but I go  Funny, huh?


Did you get anything?


You're right, it is. (laughter)


Well I just bundled up my sister. Yeah, that just happened, still. Cool, I'm going to try to hit him again, with another needle arrow. Okay, that probably hits. Yeah, that's a 28.


My fine blue sapphire that's been in here for a year and a half. You can have it.


Thank you for coming back, I've missed you.


Can I check myself for parasites?


I'm not leaving Trinket behind. So everybody get on that and we'll see what happens.


We didn't talk about throwing everyone we loved into the frying pan. That was not the trap.


A long orange goatee, a puffy red beard, and scruffy long red hair. Human Tasmanian Devil.


All right. Let's go to the Sun Tree.


Attack the hydra.


He's in the Vasper forest.


Think you're smart, huh? Think you're smart?


That's right. Go check out the mirror, Simon, all right? Off you go.


Fuck. Yes.


We took too much time!


In Ohio.


I float closer in the darkness.


Look at his little boy smile.


Oh god, get us out of here.


I pull out-- oh wait, you know what, I think I don't have full armor for the crownsguard because I gave them away. I gave them back.


Beau leans over Caleb's shoulder. What are you reading?


No, I wouldn't be saying this out loud if you're close.


I just flip him off. (laughter)


I'm cleaning my gun.


I want to do it at the other door as well.


Blazing bowstring! Activate!


It could kill-- It could kill you too.


Quick. Make out with him. True love's kiss is the only thing that will bring him back.


We built Dis city.


That is not big money. I'm pretty sure that is low, because that is a two. Yeah, that's a six.


I mean, I could, but I don't want to.


Jesus. While we're flying? This seems like a bad idea. This is a bad idea.


Yeah. I'm out.


That's the northeastern one.


It depends on how much is left, because we don't have a ton of money.


There's some carts around back. Two, to be exact. Some horses that'll make up for Waterloo and-- or Water Closet and Loo and Toilet. Oh yeah by the way, we also lost like three horses. They're all dead, too.


That's all we do.


I'm just saying.


11 points of damage from me.


It was in quotations.


I mean, can I change it from "kill your boss" to--


Invite him in for dinner.


I rage-ran. Can I attack?


We just said we have it somewhere safe.


I'm caught in wires. There we are.


You guys are still by yourselves, right? You two?


So they're not giants. So I just roll a d10. That's a ten. Rage damage. 25.


There also could be the issue of are they going to go looking for Horace?


Maybe. Yes, there's a few people that I'm worried about, but no one specific where we're going. I know that people are always trying to get me, and (stammering) I wish-- I need his magic to be there for me when I need safety. I need him. I need him to live.


Have you been there the whole time?


Turn her to fucking paste.


I reach underneath my pillow. I grab a small copper ball. Manners. (cheering)


All right, 15. Plus Entangle, whatever.


We can all talk to each other.


You sure you don't want to talk about it?


No magic in the city, remember?


Ah! What have I done?! Heal her!


We didn't land yet, right?


Luck. That's fine. 22.


Giants like to throw fucking boulders.


Jester, I don't think she killed Vandren. He was on the ship when it exploded. I don't even--


So yeah, keep in mind when you order it on pre-order that you have to wait for it to be fully pre-ordered before we can send it out. I don't know if that was on camera because I'm above the poster. (laughter)


Nighty night!


Natural 17. (cheering)


You don't have the spell, right?


I've got plenty of energy.


Oh no, Scanlan's unconscious!


Ah. We have fog.


Found the troll dick!


I do have a present.


Be careful, twinnie.


Well, if they know we're here--


Can I start taking a look around and see if I see anything?


Was that when Kashaw was here?


So who wants to pour the acid on the cross? I could do that, but it's--


Yeah, it would be nice.


Before we leave, do you want to sell these stupid white dragon scales?


Okay. What's my insight, I can't remember.


Oh my god. He fucking teleported you guys away somewhere.


He seemed nice last night.


No, you'll keep Fly up. Because I can just hop on the carpet.


We take care of each other. He's a good man.


No, back when we were in the rowboats.


That was the dragon we killed for you before, because we didn't bring the--


What makes you think he's going to go talk to the authorities?


A stone about as large as a malformed baseball, I suppose.


Yeah. And maybe go to the bathroom there.


How many people do you have with you?


But it-- half our party isn't here, so--


As you drop them all over the ground.


Seven of nine?


I have 40 feet of movement, so wherever I can go.


I know that it is true because I think his thoughts and he thinks mine. We are the best of friends. He's the best cat that any man could ever have.


Yeah, you know what, I'll drop eagle form.


26. Thank you. 26 plus 14 is--


Yeah, I know. So that I can preserve my voice for the rest of the night, Laura, can you read the copy and I'll lip sync it.


No, it just says in Sanctuary you can either fail or he can choose another target.


Yeah, we fucking follow him into the room!


It could fit in a backpack. Maybe roll up.


Which we have used-- what?


This is a big step for any businessman.


We have both, so that's, either way, it could work.


We're going to let them know who we are and what we're doing. This is just that we have a very expensive tent.


I think I cast Mage Armor before going down to the Sluice, but how much later is it? Is it beyond eight hours?


Except I gave myself a lazy eye.


I just can't sneak attack. All right. So.


Just pick us a song, any song! Everyone, give a round of applause to your cooks for the evening!


I think we're killing a hydra. What are you doing today?


Okay. Will you be able to move forward?


Keyleth. They're like, so close.


Celestial, Elven, Common.


Great analogy!


There has to be some type of payment, if we take a wish.


Is there a rug in the room?


Yeah but him. He's doing things. Like he's got shit to do.


Yeah. Sorry about that. Thanks, Vex.


17 for Scanlan.


(as Grog) I couldn't help it, I'm sorry!


I feel like that would be a really big enchantment to put on the the entire thing.


Not Zsundie, I want to fight Algar.


So you can double-speed if you want.


We've been middling.


And his wife.


Hm? Oi.


So they have to at least cast it at 9th-level, in order to dispel it.


I think for you, you count the poop as a 20.


What are those other two called? I forget.


Oh, real close to the butt, yeah!


This is not a bad idea.


This is the masked guy.


Are you hearing anything? Aces. (laughter)


Run. (singing) Sail away, sail away, sail away.


And your parents' names?


Oh, I think Grog was before me.


-- but we couldn't wait, so we had to go. We're so sorry.


Just kidding! I'm going to Toll the Dead on the one that Beau's fighting.


You gave up your ticket. The table's not a free ticket, man. Come on.


Fix us.


I hold it here. I don't want to--


He's so calm under pressure. He's like a walking quaalude. [laughter]


Jazz hands!


I mean, this is, no! This is part of the bargain.


Okay, so that's not a thing.


It gets caught in the corners.


We would have been working in a lich's sugar mine if you'd done that.


And he doesn't punish you at all? He's a good master?


Ah, fuckin' A.


How's your evening going gentlemen?


Oh wait, that's wrong. Oh, the next time I hit a creature. Oh, so I don't think I hit her. That was 15.


