Hush. Ignore him.


Is Kima with us now?


Twist!


I can take a shot at the cart, but what is one arrow going to do?


You got healing in there?


Yeah, we're not stepping on mandrakes, right?


Do we have enough Dispel Magic that we could reveal the cart so we could see it?


Can I? Can I flip?


Yeah, fireflies.


Create it right here. Good dog. I call the dog. I say, look at this face. Go grapple that face. Go! Go now!


2d4.


How would you feel if you learned that we'd sent someone to watch you? He left. He wanted to go. He wanted to be away from us.


This looks very good. Thank you, Grog.


That was you?


Was that your girlfriend?


I'm honestly not sure, Grog. I really have to think about it. I don't know if such a thing exists.


Oh, there was a "raka-sha-sha."


Whip out the hand!


All right, so that's 20-something to hit.


So we're not going offline for the night yet. These guys are gonna head out and Lucas and I are gonna play some Hotline Miami 2. For an hour, hour and a half.


Yeah. Dust the cobwebs off of it.


Okay! I will jump off the carpet, grab her, and say, "Pike. Come with me if you want to live." (all laugh)


Except we haven't killed the members of one of the houses. By the way, my Song of Rest is a d8.


I can't smile.


I think if it had been the only package, we would have been able to focus better, but there were about a hundred packages, so it was difficult for us to focus. We were opening stuff for an hour and a half, so thanks in advance.


I'm not entirely sure of the difference of what you just said.


What? What do you mean you get control of your fate?


Pinch him off. (laughter)


Hey, don't ever apologize for who you are, man.


Where are we entering to?


What? I am offended.


I'm fine. I'm 88.


It's humid in here.


You want to leave it to chance?


Must be a rookie mistake.


I'm around the corner, up on the--


Oh my god! [break]


Yeah, you won't be able to see anything through it.


Run! Oh shit!


(demonic voice) Stop where you are!


I put my cold feet in, since I have no shoes.


What's your favorite part of D&D, Orion?


We're going to teach her things. I will put her through school. And her and I together will change the Trickfoot name. But if I ever see any of you again, I will fucking kill you all.


Well, no, probably not!


Can I make it to where it just looks like a wall?


Whoa. That's because you guys are-- oh, no, you're riding in the cart.


Oh, that's so cute.


I look for traps visually.


I rolled a 34 to hit, so I'm going to start rolling damage.


Yeah, I like that more.


Oh my gosh. I press my nose to the glass and try to see what I can see. Is there a lot of books in there? Or just a few books? Or--


(grunting)


I don't like his reaction. I'm going to use luck. I have two lucks left, I'm going to use one of them. (groans) It was on 18 and went down. No, 16.


He'll chime in on Twitter.


I'm going to walk up to Grog and Pike.


That's gonna be extra damage to you, Groggy-pants.


Alter Self lasts for one hour.


Are you evil? Are you a bad guy?


We can just jump. We're like gods.


Marius, please god, save me. Marius, let's go.


Because you do. That's the thing.


Is that your human face?


I'm going to gently pop her in the ankle to see if I can get her to just fall onto the bed and stop hopping.


I'm up.


It's dangerous around us, I don't know--


Jonos!


Nope, no. I just forgot he was there.


Maryanne was off the cuff?


I'll use that inspiration on that one. No, not on that one.


Terrible rolls!


Can I take her and Grasping Vine and throw her into my entanglement and just keep all of them entangled?


Can I disengage out of this?


Are you going to go to war, Pumat?


Come here, look. I want to show you something.


Mourning getting negotiated so hard.


So that's it. That's the show.


We're going to be there too!


All he needs is a wood shop and about 25 minutes.


I am the best.


Matt'll do it.


Okay, I'm gonna attack it again.


Jamieson.


Hi Nancy.


I'm going to try to Pokéball Vax into my necklace.


(high-pitched) What? Who said that? Why is the wind blowing?


No, I don't like the way he's doing that, I'm burning an action surge. I'm going to use some Sharpshooter. I'm going to burn a bonus and reload my gun. Let's just take three Sharpshooter shots, see what happens.


I'm following to make sure she's okay.


I have stuff to give you, too, 'cause, yeah.


Oh fuck. Lin-Manuel just turned it off.


Pretty shit luck for you, then. That has nothing to do with me.


Oh, upside-down Spider-man!


What are you trying to say?


Wait, what's the total for me? Nine, ten, and 11 all to me? Okay.


Ooh. Should I use another 3rd-level spell and try to find the orb-y thing?


I can make an attempt at this. I'm going to walk over and study the shattering position and see if I can find the weak point in the wall.


I actually might have a project for you, if we have a moment.


Very tall and slender.


He's holding an invisible phone, scrolling social media.


What? Hold on.


We'll ask Molly.


I've knitted a sweater while Tiberius took his turn.


It feels like eight. It really feels so late.


I'll put on my mask and join.


(sighs) I think Fjord's going to take a steed and start heading south by himself.


Look--


It's Dalen.


I'm just looking for a hat shop. Is there a hat shop around here?


Yeah, let's be full.


Can I just -


Let's play our old standard. And a oney and a twoey and a oney and a twoey.


Tickle-tickle-tickle!


I point this stick at Jester.


Whoa, that's good.


Capnis or Cadmus?


That's Grog, the red thing near you is Grog.


Out of all of these, the human with the two crouched things is what I'm most worried about.


Minor question. Do I smell burnt ozone, since you said that just a second ago?


I can't do that right now.


Pine.


Well, no. She's afraid that it's dangerous, right? Because the sword, it turned to rust, and I got a headache afterwards. Whatever.


Revenge achieved!


I put the fork back.


Towards everybody, closer. Yeah, back, there you go.


But there are forests here.


No, you keep your Golden Snitch.


Well, next time you use it maybe it will have a purpose. (laughter)


Make some room in here. What is my perception? That's 20.


More than slightly better. Much better.


There will not be a long rest, I don't think.


Do the winch!


You have to clear that with me.


What spell?


Into that one.


Well, it seems like you guys are working through a thing, and I should really be getting back home, anyway. I don't know, I don't feel quite as needed any more.


You haven't read it yet?


No, it's fine. I appreciate it. It's good.


It's cold.


Yes, he will! Why are you saying it like that? Because he will.


Hold on a second. I've got something here.


I take three damage.


And they said we could get in trouble if we go there uninvited.


Bear down!


That's the old guy?


With the death knight? Straight for him.


Oh is that it? Is that our meeting? Okay, yeah.


A one, 51. And a seven, so 58.


That's all I wanted, I can die happy now.


I grab. Can I make a jump to grab?


We also heard a large cracking sound as if a lock had been broken or a wall had been broken.


I'm going to attempt to cast Minor Illusion on the other side of the wall. Just an image of myself.


It's you and Taryon left. Get the fuck out.


I can do that to us. I can cast Water Breathing on all of us.


Yeah, seriously. Just have a little sip. A little sip, it's always good to relax your nerves.


I feel like my luck is tied up with the existence of the world, so could I give her one of my lucks?


What was the last one?


You can quit barbarians any time you want.


Well, I'm just a guest here, so I don't want to spill anyone's blood in someone else's throne room, so I'll be the bigger man and take a step back.


If I tell him to. He also has other skills.


I have favored enemy as demons.


Yes, pull out all of your cursed items.


Kind of like a god of secrets?


Oh my god, really?


Bahamut is the essentially nicer deity of the two between him and Tiamat, which is a total asshole, but--


I tried, but he hurt my wrist really bad!


Wait a tick. I'm going to go up to the edge of it and try to inspect it and see if I can find a trigger or see how it works. Six. And that is, what is that, perception?


And try and maybe keep a bit of a distance, because I'm going to be doing a trap here. It's going to be 20 feet. You don't want to be in it.


Yeah, I third that question. So what I have worked out is that we have what she needs, we got to try and find out as much as we can about why she wants it and what it does, where does she want it for herself or is she taking it somewhere. That's about all I got.


Would you like anyone to go with you or you just want to go alone?


I'm ranged.


We turn it around!


Okay. 30!


Oh, here we go. (pop)


Anything?


I guess, yeah.


It's very artistic, yeah.


Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather, Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream. A dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal through divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roar) (wet smack sounds) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


How can you resist that?


Yeah. I mean, if I use up all my spells today as like, this kind of thing.


Yeah, I say that.


No. Round two.


Yes, see. And that way, dear brother, he won't be on the road with lots of gold in his pocket to get stolen.


Yeah, it's a prize. It's a reminder of your good job.


I'm so sorry!


Yeah. 18 on the first.


And that's all I need is the action to grab her and movement to go over?


We wanted to leave it in one place, just in case we see you again.


We could put you on top of the tree if you feel like you want to have some words with these people.


Okay. Cool. Can I take my retaliation?


Yes, thank you. Is that a spell attack roll? That's 31.


Can I take the mouse? Can I take Trinket?


Nimble as shit.


I play Zedd in the Ratchet and Clank game that just came out.


In the interest of time...


What is that? Wisdom?


Come here, you.


I make my way sneakily outside.


We're glossing over it, but we've seen you vomit sea water twice.


We got all of our legendary weapons.


No, I already went in.


What about underlings?


I think it is an act.


Do we need anything else while we're here, before I do this?


Yeah, my Travis is pretty good. Also from D&D Beyond, next Wednesday, July 18 at 1:00 PM Pacific, & BEYOND, a new weekly stream hosted by Adam Bradford and Todd Kenreck, kicks off with super-special guest Matthew Mercer.


--and I'm gonna use Wall of Stone. And instead of creating a wall, I'm just gonna take that one and I'm gonna push it (imitates thudding) against that wall and try and crush those guys.


Have you tried any other bloodlines?


Yeah, back a little bit.


It looks it.


I run over to Beau and I cast Cure Wounds on her.


That's 12, okay. 16, 28. And then I get another--


Invisibility. I guess at one level higher, right? Is that what I do?


This is happening. This is happening.


She came to the Fire Ashari, she came to Pyrah, about four years ago, and the Ashari, being the adoptive people that we are, they took her in.


So this is the pyramid.


But they're holding a staff?


I never had a greater friend than you. And we traveled a lot, I never had a greater friend than you.


Oh, and we go first, so it's advantage.


Could I theoretically throw something behind him?


She sounds wonderful. Well, when you see her next tell her that my father, Dr. Jeff Shorthalt, said hi.


Would I be able to make it to Grog and his friend? If I can't make it to Grog, I want to stay at the door. If I can make it to Grog, I want to go to Grog.


Is this acrobatics or athletics?


Oh, yeah, that's so true.


Older-than-me magic.


That's a good idea. Grog! You can go hump, I can get Allura.


Maybe it's a very faint maraca dance of some sort.


What does that do to it?


No. (laughter)


Wait, plus 40?


Well, that's bullshit. Yeah, I can jump 15 feet vertically or 20 feet horizontally. So not great. Like three squares.


He got sick. There was something inside him. There was something that made him do some bad things, but it had to be taken care of. You're going to be all right.


Absolutely, Scanlan, I'll take that for now. And I put it in my pouch.


And we remember where we're going, right, because it's all the same as it was.


Yeah. Well, yeah, my new life, pretty much, yeah. It's open.


Here we go. Two.


Love you, Grog.


Or trying to send an email. "How does this work?" All caps.


Okay, good. Do we want to send one person out sneaky and then have a code word like Cheeto if it all goes wrong?


I'm not reading too much into this.


I hope we brought Kiri with us.


If I had just gone out, I would have fallen in the hole!


It's licorice. I just need licorice.


About this time I use Alter Self to go a little half-Minxie and get those-- like when a dog is pissed off and it puffs up the hair, towards Grog.


Maybe you should scream, like, no, they went the other way!


If I have a little help? This is something I've been tinkering with for quite a while, now.


He's dreaming of honey.


Is there a place-- just ask Percy privately. She can stay with me.


That water's not so evil, after all! (laughter)


I'll do the side satchel.


Easily distracted.


My companions.


No, nobody knows about its current origins. We just know who was looking for it and who it was supposed to go to.


And I light up the hooded lantern we have in the bag of holding.


Night!


Yeah, I am. I'm hitting it with a thing!


(whispering) You're singing.


No, I'm sorry. His Earthglide is-- Yes, 30, so he moves up 20 feet.


Here's the thing. Also, our lady Keyleth, the beautiful princess that lives among us, she has a way she can travel us very very quickly through trees, so we don't actually need passage.


Fucking knew it!


Even in far distance?


Okay, yeah. (sounds of protest)


And blue skin.


Maybe I could put him in the--


On the place that I saw it.


No, it's fine. He's got extra hit points; don't worry about it.


Poor guy!


You have Death Ward going.


Really bright in here.


You know, dealer's choice. Just get creative and do what you want.


I didn't know! I was trying to help! Did I see that happen, or did it just look like a ball to me?


We're going to break the temple.


Refuse is code for shit.


This is college all over again.


Well I think what we've established--


I cannot handle any more of that. That was brutal.


Like you said, I don't trust anyone who says we're alike, you and I.


Hold Person. Hold Percy.


On charisma checks?


Wait, what are you at?


Do we really not want to do any other healing?


Before we go in, will you throw down the Dust of Tracelessness?


Oh no! She's been taken! Kiri! Kiri!


We're going to lose her tonight.


Quick squeeze!


No, but I can stand in front of it. I want the skull, right now.


I'm staying where I am, and I'm taking out my battleaxe and my warhammer. I'm going, "Come out, you piece of shit!"


He has to make a charisma saving throw.


We do have the lead safe. The Dodecahedron's in it.


Ooh, he did!


I could tell.


Headance. Tiberiusthelad. FicklePickletickler: "#Zacsbonerjams" (laughter)


I expect somebody will come up with something delightful for that one.


We're trying to do a covered wagon.


I'm going to add it because I think I already have some bandit pants.


Yeah. I'm not going to pay for a nice glass of wine for your ass.


Do you need me to light that on fire again for you?


It's still good for the monetary value that was laid out for us, so maybe on the way out we could send-- We have a rope we could lower you down and you could slice it off.


I think it's a better idea for us to stay together. Nott, you know this is a recurring thing and I think we should-- what is going on? What is this?


Well, poo. Six points of damage.


'Till next time.


15, eight, four.


And we'll call that my hasted action, and with my regular action, I will put my hands on the side of Ioun's chosen and use Lay on Hands to give him 20 hit points back, and then I will use the rest of my movement to fly back into Vecna's fucking face. And I have no attacks left, but I'll stay there.


Roll for coy.


I cast Otiluke's Resilient Sphere on him.


Fuck. I'll just fire two blasts of Eldritch Blast at the vine that's holding Nott.


It would attack anything, right?


Can I have one?


Get your fingerprints off it!


I don't even need to look. Good.


It's your decision.


I don't know. Probably everywhere.


Peeky, peeky.


I found it.


Yeah, it's not looking good for us right now.


We got some of it, but they burned a lot.


Does it let me go?


You could put it on a goat.


Did you lick it?


We already threw him money, which means you're going to tell us who paid you. Come on, man, don't make us do this the hard way. We're trying to be good. Who paid you?


I was tree-striding us all to the base of the mountain, right?


Guys?


Do I get to reroll my stealth check?


They're magical candles?


That's like seven haircuts ago.


For my next trick, I'm going to burn another point of grit. Let's push Sylas ten feet. Another 31 to hit.


I'm going to use my celestial shield and cast Featherfall.


We stumbled upon his lair, reached through his home in Emon, through magical means. We found his lair.


What do I have to roll over?


Do I have to roll against it?


I want to know what you rolled.


Dad cap!


So cool. You're doing the little splits over it.


Well, she's got to get up there first.


Okay, so how-- Wait, how many do I roll, again? At fifth level?


Yeah, no, that's right, it's the little prongs.


Okay, on the thingie?


Or a little water.


It's a minute. It's up to six miles if I spend six minutes.


Okay. Cool. And then I’ll - Can I see Pike from where I am?


I say we take the beast. Again, keep it on the down-low. We'll figure out a way of getting credit and keeping our reputation, but keeping it quiet.


Is Gallan still down there fixing it up?


You mean in town? Of course they are!


Are they automatic crits?


I'm going to take one to the library and inspect it. I'm going to also see what any of our other arcanists think of it. If it's from a cult that anybody has heard of before.


It's a hammer, which I feel would be better against ice.


The two masters of the city. Of course.


I was first on the pile. Are there any weapons in there?


You can do that while we look at the ship.


I can try a different one, if you'd like.


Me and Frumpkin?


Little ol' me?


The one fucking time I didn't want to.


That's what people say about me. That's fine.


Oh, it's happening. You know, I'm just going to scoot a little-- No, I'm fine where I am, I think. It's just-- Yeah, that's fine.


You two make an adorable couple.


I reach in front of the boys and grab a big fistful.


That's not-- that's...


Should we open the last book?


Bone bears?


Except for your eyes.


The trick is not to care. It's good enough. 26.


Is that Gil's dice again?


Made a lot of money off of them.


That was my bonus.


Did you do that?


Just think about how much damage you did when you were barely even trying.


He has the hit points of a kitten.


Yeah, a little bit. You know, it's easier to steal things when you can pay for them with money.


(blood gushing)


Let's try Toll the Dead.


Give me something like that or there's no deal.


You have so many fun gadgets!


Because it sounds like he was a part of the mission to lock in Thordak 11 or so years ago.


Fate, hate, whichever. Six of one, half a dozen of the other.


Kerplash!


Could you help us?


Do you have dragon's breath?


Have you heard of The Traveler?


Holding onto your head like a kid.


Clank!


I see a shiny tool. I don't know what it does.


Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself.


So maybe we make that trap more better?


You're-- abnormal.


Also, before we go to the meeting, I haven't used it in a while but I would like to use my Scrying Potion to-- not potion! The scry that I left at our Greyskull Keep so long ago, to kind of see what's going on at Greyskull.


All right, I will check with Mage Hand or whatever, I got something else. Mage Hand, yeah, I'll Mage Hand it.


They decided not to kill us.


They are. There's a big fight going on.


Did he say anything when he touched it? Like Caleb did?


I do not have the necessary item to do two concentration spells at once.


Seems fair.


So flanking this pillar on the other side over there, if that makes-- flanking this pillar. So wait, move that one that you just placed over a bit.


Oh, here's your 19 platinum, and your two gold, and one extra platinum for some reason, as if that were supposed to smooth things over. Oh, and also, they don't trust us, they think we need to cooperate more, they're trying--


It's got some long-ass tentacles.


I might be able to help us. Also, there was this little girl who seemed really sweet, but she was walking around inconspicuously throughout the room, and maybe she did it.


They're our sister tribe. Because we all separated.


Worst case scenario, we can leave the gate stone outside.


I think that's a fair request.


15, a very average 15.


The bear is at the back cell.


How. Broke. Am I?


I'm in the pajamas with the butt flap, and the butt flap is down.


They may not be very happy with the dragon right now. They may not care at all.


It's good practice.


Too bad. But we can just steal all of his jewels just for the sake of it.


We should get the eff out of here.


No. Can I borrow the bag?


I'm going to use my bonus action to disengage from the sphinx and I'm going to run around the whirlwind, and as I move I'm taking the rope which I already made a loop on, and I'm going to throw the loop over Grog's head on one end, and I'm going to jump into the whirlwind holding tightly-- I'm going to, into there, I'm going after Scanlan.


Help us. Make us pretty.


Big baby?


Too conscious?


Caleb, you're beautiful!


I'm reading my book.


Do we know anything about Orthax?


Oh god. Okay, so, are we doing it?


I protect him!


It was seven, which is doubled to 14.


I made a ramp with the rubble.


You and Grog were most of the skeletons, easily.


They are covered.


Lockpicking.


He was technically his.


Third level, all right. So, I'll cast that.


It's hard to get above a six. And six.


You rolled shit, too!


Oh, yeah. I put them in the Bag of Colding for the time being. Pull it out.


What time are you starting?


We need rest.


We stepped out for a second.


I am petting Nott's head and going  Don't worry, in the morning, I can take a spell that will heal you, so we'll carry you out here, okay? Everything will be fine.


No, no, no. I don't think they do.


That's true. How far does the anchor go?


I'm going to be trying to construct a explosive arrowhead at some point.


I think that sounds lovely, and you're always better than comfortable. I had a thought, actually. My god, it is hard surviving, isn't it? Perhaps Keyleth could use a friend right now, and I know that you carry one with you.


But think of the 4,000 gold we got! (laughs)


Oh look, Tiberius, they have bananas!


With your thing, before we go to sleep?


"It's a vampire!" I'm putting my gun away, anyway.


Every ten minutes.


Sure, let's do that. What's our goal in Zadash?


His name is Charlie.


Tooma. I have one more question about Gern Blanston. I raise the hand cone, and I cast Modify Memory on her.


We've already killed dragons.


Around the sides of the map instead of just across.


I had the immovable rod pulled out, and I click it where I am.


Oh, yeah...


No one will ever notice, the armor already stinks.


On a success. On a failure of their saving throw. Right, yeah?


So in the amber, it was the giant serpent with the tidal wave.


Guys, get your tickets to the gun show, because the gun show's coming to town. Playing Percival Fredrickstein von Mussel Klossowski de Rolo III of Whitestone. Yeah, right, right. Taliesin, let's bring him out, Taliesin Jaffe! (cheering)


Would they look after--


Grog was the reason for this season!


You might be blown up if you go in there.


If I move through Insect Plague, will I take damage? Or is it if I end in it?


You're all legs and no arms.


I love it when a good plan comes together.


You are doing some crazy shit.


The mansion will last 24 hours, so it'll be dark again by the time it wears off, so we can stay in here as long as we need to.


And she's getting two.


Well this Hat of Disguise, Percival, it requires some attunement. I don't know how capable you are with magical items.


I didn't need the amplify. Oh, actually that's right, I don't have to take damage for that, never mind.


(gasps) You motherfucker, Matthew Mercer. We will have words about the rules that exist.


11, 19.


Okay, well, we won't talk about numbers. Okay, what's the first letter of the alphabet? This you know.


All right. We'll just carry it.


Thank you guys for sticking out.


I'd like to know-- on the way down, I was doing a little chant and I was expending my sorcery points to do Flexible Casting, so I regain a slot spell on my third-level spells.


We said no to that job, thank you.


I am very aware of how many people are in this arena, especially high-powered ones, as I wrap one hand around my forearm and I cast Scorching Ray even though I feel nauseous, and off they go.


(whispering) We are, kind of. (laughter)


No, it carries over.


Didn't we use a bunch?


Okay Yasha and I are going to move here, and guard these two.


What if there isn't a town to defend tonight?


(whispering) What's he doing?


I would like to stick the hilt of Craven Edge into the snow and reach forward and grab his shoulders and pull him onto the point of the sword.


I'm going to, for my bonus action, have Trinket attack him with a bite attack before I send off my second arrow.


You've got some good security down there.


Up the butt. Does it have a butt, Matt?


This is more of an assam, I would say? A black tea.


That's it. Yeah, that's it. I'll back up against the side of that wall that's right there. But that's it.


Someone went to the aquatic store.


You want to inspire him?


You need three spells.


Come on girl.


We're here to speak with Juuraiel.


300 gold.


Wait, Pike, I don't need that much! I only need like 20.


That's a tree. Okay, good. So that's cover?


What do we do in the week? Prepare. Recon?


What's going on? Why are you jumping up and down?


I'm okay, if it's too late.


Oh, sweet baby Jesus.


Are we in the middle yet?


No, it's fine if he drowns and dies.


I don't know anymore. Who wants the node, by the way?


What's your alignment? I mean--


Oh shit. Day's coming. We didn't sleep! We need to sleep!


That's a terrible idea. I kind of like it. That's not a good thing. I think it's a good idea. That may not be a good thing.


Doty, one.


I'm very tall. I might be taller than the hole.


Can I get upstairs? Stay hidden somewhere's enough?


(heavy breathing) That was--


Marigold.


No, no, it needs to be.


Can I go up to Vax and--


Wait, do people hate us here? I've forgotten.


Oh shit, that's kind of cool.


He's still doing his magic circle or whatever.


Man, I had to pee so bad, I ran out of the room.


How's my lungs? Am I dying here?


Oh, he has like diarrhea.


Hey. Cool.


Yeah, they're monsters.


And no Sneak Attack.


There was a storm-- do I remember?


Okay, so that would've been 19.


What about dramatic prairie dog?


I must have a quill, right? I'm a storyteller.


He said 'yeah', you can go ahead.


So we can assume that the archfey is probably Sondur.


A d8? Just 1d8?


That's better, thank you.


Muppet Liam.


You've learned a lesson that we had to pay for.


Whatever she said to him, he left.


Don't you need to pull out your book so you can look at your spells?


I know, that's my-- actually, my only other regret is do we want to turn Scanlan into a charm nuclear weapon? Because that's what we'll be doing.


What about an Oracle Arrow?


Maybe I'll have a chat with her, get us on the same page.


Probably a bad thing to do!


Consequences.


I think I've seen enough of the Feywild for now.


It's a christening roll!


You know, one of the things about the makeup room is it has those hair salon sinks where you can get a haircut in it or get your hair washed in the sink.


Smoky d10 and spiky d10. And you get rerolls!


Good call, Percy!


Whatever, but yeah.


Okay. 4d6 plus seven, and then I get 4d6. I don't do this normally. Okay, six, ten, 15 plus another 5d8 radiant damage.


Thanks, Greg!


Xhorhas isn't just here. Xhorhas goes all the way up here.


I want one of the Korshad drinks.


So only one hit point?


Bye.


Well, no. Let's not get carried away.


Is it considered healing as we walk there, though?


And it seems that I was correct. (all laugh)


Maybe and then we can set them free once we're out of here.


Lair action!


Yeah! That we'll sell to a blacksmith.


I am so surprised I fall off the wall!


And my comedy troupe, i8athumbtack on YouTube, we just put out a video called "Helping the Homeless!" You should check it out. There's this douchebag called fouseyTUBE that we were parodying, and we think it's funny.


Oh, oh, the flames, ah! (laughter)


I think we should stop there. We should not go into the wind.


Roll for initiative, Sam.


Of course. You cut your food before you eat it.


I'm sure there are Critters in Space-X.


Yeah. A very scary horror RPG.


Also a skipping stone.


When you say it, it has such a different color to it.


(counting) 19-- oh, I'm sorry. 25.


That’s the one that ran that way. He’s mine.


All I saw was a very handsome man. (laughter)


You sound sexy in that, man. Just saying.


Ermagerd. 22 for the first, which hits. Ah, yeah, they both hit. And 26 for the second. First one. Three plus-- oh my god. Three plus-- Eight, ten, 16, 22, 23, 29, 32. Which is doubled to 64 plus six.


Liam?


He's over lava.


Yes. That's one of my favorites, as well.


Tell me what to do!


They invited us.


Fans wrote in and said, "Sam, you missed part of that story." The ad campaign in the '80s was not successful. However, it launched the career of the young actress who played Gail in the commercial. She was given her own spin-off sitcom on CBS. It only ran four episodes, and those episodes have been lost to time. But I was able to find the script of a promo for the sitcom starring Gail, from the D&D Beyond commercial, from the 80s!


If my MySpace is still up, you could see them. Goes back a tick.


Yeah. I'm still coughing up blood in the fetal position, trying to keep Percy alive.


I'm gonna put a giant sunlight beacon on his head, and I'm gonna release him to the wilds.


I will kill myself.


I was thinking about pushing straight through the front door again.


What's a Crick?


That is six points of fire damage.


I go back over to Molly's body and start finding his coin purse. He's going to sponsor his own campaign to resurrection.


Hi! I'm Jester.


Is he in a cell?


Just to talk and say hello.


What is it? What was it?


Oran? What?


You're going to have to use a lot.


Metal door, right?


Marion? Okay.


Can we go up and--


Oh yeah. We've got to be careful, guys, because we have a lot of people that haven't watched the last campaign, or haven't finished the last campaign, so no spoilers for last campaign.


Ah, there it is!


(nervous laughter) 23.


I won't.


All your guns?


All right. Let's go over to the bushes.


Yep, I'm going to Gunslinger's dodge.


How do you turn it off? Cover it in blankets.


I hope he won't come back to life as soon as we start.


See if he can stall. Tell him to stall.


You get 1d8.


Indeed. Perhaps one card for one book?


I could attempt another scrying spell. Could even possibly go to Allura for help and try again.


If you must, yes.


I agree. Let's talk about this over a Heroes' Feast. How's that?


Oh, but-- Oh! because she would also swallow, so she would know that her weapon would have it. [laughter]


Do you have a shiraz? I was just wondering if you had any imports. Do you have a red wine?


I'm probably not the person the make an arcana check for this, but here we go.


Darkvision.


I know. We just haven't had time to fix anything.


All hands on deck.


And as my first thing, I will Healing Word Mr. Taliesin Jaffe. Percival de Rolo de Monico de Chico...


I think we're a bad influence on her.


Never in my experience.


Does anything happen? Do I shit my pants?


If you make your way to the Deeprow Reef, right off the shores of Vide Cay, you'll find an unguarded, old, ruined fort. There the item is being protected and held.


Yeah, and if it's still standing, dagger, dagger, dagger.


Who was your informant?


-- or any of the other bodies wearing it, too?


Wait, I don't think I can-- since I have danger sense, can I be blinded?


Oh, I had the same dream, Scanlan!


We're already there? We're standing at the ball?


Eight. Total.


You tried to kill us, but you failed.


I forgot all about that.


Are we going underground?


It feels like you should be able to, but you can't.


It's no knocks against you. He's going to catch up quickly.


No, he's like a Grandmaster gnoll.


How's that?


(shouting) This is awesome.


I think that's the highest priority. The only thing that we haven't discerned from Tiffany is if she knows where the next--


I think it might be, yes.


27 gold a week.


Does anyone have a cantrip? Okay. All right. Let's do it.


Do I get my fiery stuff for that?


Okay, so five (mumbles), eight. Lame. And (mumbles) nine, no wait. Yes, nine.


Oh, sure! I'll go meet you at the sewer entrance on the other side.


Well, that's great.


I... wait.


That's a handsome shirt.


I get Caleb's because he's not saying anything. That's three for me.


Hey, hey. It's really important. I need to tell you right now.


Just the name.


Still advantage on the attack, right?


Yeah. I couldn't focus because there was so much dripping going on. It's a mask of water. It's disgusting.


What if there are two people fighting the town does not know?


Oh, yes. Quite fancy.


It's not the Thordak battle, there's not 87 miniatures on the board!


Hopefully, you won't turn into a vampire. You did get bit.


From the gnome community.


I got to fix this at some point.


I know, okay, Matthew?


It's athletics, right?


I'm going to sit down on the ground and-- all my Mirror Images do the exact same thing.


Okay. Just one, right?


Holy shit, a brand new Tesla is coming this way! Okay. Hey, we have people. We have people coming this way, about six of them. Just letting you know, probably going to be some fighting coming up, and that is your update from the Voice of the Tempest.


Whatever. (laughs)


Are they in the path at all, do they look like they're going to be near us when we go?


It's only a little bit more than 1000 feet.


Do we need it?


I like it, let's do it.


I can. Yeah. Do it again. Bam.


It's expensive.


How's Lyra? Have you seen her? (laughter)


I'm going to go ahead and assist them, because I didn't use any 5th-level spells.


I like the idea of someone with a little bit of muscle and then another person who is adept at healing injuries.


I say nothing.


Is it behind us?


What? (all laugh)


Yeah. Ugh, terrible.


Pew pew. That's 18?


Two dryads.


Yeah. Yes, many of you have been taking advantage of our code CRITROLE with Wyrmwood Gaming, but not all of you so the rest of you go over to Wyrmwood Gaming. If you use CRITROLE, you get free shipping for any of their beautiful boxes. Mine is Gabon ebony. It's black I really like it.


Like charcoal.


I've got my goggles on and I'm just like--


No, it's going to die, Keyleth. Don't--


What about flying fish or something, so you can maybe--


No, but we don't know exactly where we're going to land, right?


Are the runes glowing? Are the runes not glowing?


This seems like a very bad idea to me. Why are we doing this? Didn't we do this already, once before?


We have the whole gang here.


I don't want you to look in on him.


I'll Lightning Bolt him as he runs away.


Oh, I've got to finish mine.


Full Winklevoss twins!


Five points halved, or was that--


I can go out with the two angels, get him to come over and look at them, at least. Then you guys can pour out? I don't know.


All right, fine, I'm behind him.


Yeah, go get her, Molly.


I had it tilted up so I could see.


No. Technically radius-wise--


The Cube 2.0!


I will inspire Vex. With a limerick.


We got a book. Nott found it.


(whispers) It was because of the arcane!


They're going to be wondering who we are, first off.


I don't know if I'm going to be able to sleep tonight!


Hit it in the face.


You can keep a dream journal. That's a good way to do it.


Oh yeah. We just could have carried water in a jug.


He eats at the table with us all the time!


Advice for bards is sing loud, and sing proud. Or play your flute or whatever.


66.


Oh, so you don't need that.


Do you get to try and make it not move?


That fish has instant regrets.


Is it beating any faster? Because he's nervous.


A bubble around what?


Wow!


You love it. That is a 23 to hit.


I hand him the broken gun.


Because sightlines are a problem here, I would like to move to dead center where Jester just was, actually, so I have a clear sight on the chamber behind me and ahead of me.


So maybe can we melt it?


A mocking kill!


A mage.


It's on camera, tell them to play back.


Mine is like, two!


Hespit-bound.


Really? All right.


I'll give you a book later.


The world is full of money, Vex'halia.


Right! So, doubled that, so 48 damage.


Am I within 20 feet of the guy that she just marked? If I swim up?


Oh no I don't, never mind. Never mind. Getting the hang of it. Good good good. Done.


Maybe there is a comma.


Actually, the shirt you're wearing, Sam, is from Loot Wear.


There's not somebody in a tree, hiding out?


(laughing gasp)


We would like to see your heart.


We didn't see her last night. She wasn't at Dolan's.


Okay. Last luck of the day. 14.


Quick! Hey, hey, hey!


But only from the fire burns.


I kind of remember people going through that.


I take the full 49?


Let's go! Go!


To Yasha?


Can I try and do something?


I don't think I can do that, but anything that combines a little bit of magic with a little bit of engineering I can probably manage.


I want to defile a very expensive shower.


I dissipate invisible, and I approach Keyleth. "Your Highness. By the honor of all Stormwinds, I will let nothing happen to you. I swear it. I will fight until my death, and I have ways, of course, to get us all out of here whenever I damn well please. Do not worry."


Have you met my friend, Lord Fourth Wall?


Like Kleenex and tissue paper? All right.


Good job Percy. I sort of had that guy covered but it's all good. It's all good.


(sighs) I would know if an owl-- Owls can see in the dark?


That is 4d6!


Spell attack bonus.


Wait, I have an idea.


Can I assist her in any way?


They help you-- sometimes guys have problems with the (tongue click) and then there's potions that can help with that.


But let's just talk about this Matthew Mercer.


I don't know. I'm going to move to my left into that little alcove there.


Wait, hold on. Would you like this, either of you? It's not my bag.


You are going to stay here for a while. Yes, and you're welcome to come with me, but I don't think you want to go.


Great, so I don't have any more Lesser Restorations. I can cast it at a higher level, maybe.


Same roll.


But you're very smart. I think there's more for you in this life than you know.


Well, if I look around--


What do you mean she looks bad? I think she looks really good, Caleb.


And maybe they might be looking for what's down there so they can feed it and make a bigger hole. Just a thought. It may be nothing.


Then I'm going to attack it again with my blazing bowstring. 26.


And it has the points on it.


What happens if they start to cry?


Okay, just checking.


What is happening? (laughs)


Is that what I'm dealing with now?


50/50. You said I put the sphere in my--


You don't want people chopping off your junk thinking your junk is Vecna's hand, do you?


Because that came up in the past, being around her.


You know what? We're not going to worry about the diamond right now. Yeah, let's just maybe take a moment and recover from that battle which was so hard on everyone.


It didn't make any sense at all.


The Barney that been raising her, yes. Really take that in. Off to a great start.


Spell save? 17.


I think they cut them down just like Tylieri. I think that this is where they hang them to ripen, and then when they're ready they pluck them off the tree and set them on their way.


Oh, shite. All right, I'm going to leap over the lava pit.


You're so intimidating in that costume.


He's dead, he's not going to do it.


You could flip it blade-up.


He has a different kind of impulse control.


No. No, make us look like good slaves.


Super cock!


I mean, no, he's not trustworthy, but we are birds of a feather.


That is the coolest!


The second!


Left?


You break out the trail mix.


I look at the guards. I mean, are you guys tired? I mean, how do you even know what fucking time it is, right?


Yeah, I'm going to tap him on the head and cast Healing Word at 3rd-level.


I'm going to pick that up.


Then I'm going to hold a spell until they're within range.


We had a bender.


You're going to be at AX!


One moment, it will take effect soon.


Fuck. This is not working!


Okay, I'm at 25. Could be worse, could be worse.


Want to take a candle as a souvenir?


You didn't think I was going to miss this party, did you? Sorry I was late.


Okay, 6, 8, 9.


We can go see.


The bag of holding.


And be poor.


Like a hair bit, or like a hair bit that goes like this?


It's an octopus joke!


The stars are aligning.


Yeah, she is a Scarbearer. Are they around here?


Because I have an ally within five feet, can I attack it from the inside using sneak attack?


I don't know how to scry, I don't know how to find someone or what I need. I may have a hair strand or two, but I don't have much to go on.


It's true. It's written down. It's true.


Yeah, that's me.


This is special.


Or we just keep going to visit that guy who made you clean. Every day we could go see him, and then he makes us all clean!


I always listen to Caleb, he's my right-hand man.


A conundrum. Right now Fjord's having coffee with Grog.


And Trinket, can he get up to him? Oh, but I took all the attacks.


No, no! She's only got one hit point left.


You can stay behind.


Look, your expression says a lot. What if I put an excellent meal in your belly, sharpened that sword some more, would you like to fight for some glory come the morrow?


Yes, weird creepy doll girl!


Okay. Well, there's nothing else that I would do. I would say that all the time they were gone, he sits rolling the ball on the table and speed reading these books. That's it.


Super boring day for us.


You're touching him. How can you not hit?


He did! He's so causal, he was like, (inhales, then roars) (laughter)


Maybe he can tell us while we are taking a bathroom break?


Did you have something?


As we leave, I turn to Grog. And I think about talking to him for just a second, and then I leave the room.


We just started and we slept in all the way till noon.


I'm really glad to hear that friendly discount's getting even friendlier. That really nice cloak you have on the wall.


But that the only time you can do that, right?


Seeming. Yes with Seeming. I spread my Seeming all over us, turning us green. With Seeming all over us.


It's Trinket, you know.


I slowly make my way to the other side of the wall.


Yes, I will. Will you help me?


While they're debating, I pull Whisper out, and I chuck it into a wall and teleport to it. I pulled it out of the Blink-Back Belt.


We can't just poke him? That seems so weird, though.


Qu-iet. Quiet.


First attack is 22 points of damage.


Erika is unfazed by the late night and is ready to dance. I cannot say the same for myself.


Want me to go tell him he's got it wrong?


When he falls.


Birds galore.


It's important that you know in my previous life I had encounters with pirating vessels as well and most of those experiences I did not enjoy.


Impressive. Fuck it. I rage! (laughter)


Already? Come on. Come at me, bro.


That's very poetic. And then I kind of make my way up and drop earth elemental form.


It's true. We should probably go see your family before we go to Kraghammer.


I'll be wearing a costume. It'll be great.


(laughs) He hasn't looked at us this whole fucking time?


First the T-shirt and now this? You bastard!


Well, at least there's that!


If they all busted through--


How about you get nothing else, and we move on?


For all of us or just you?


They don't think I'm a dumb, drunk bitch. It didn't work.


It's like you were born in the circus. I'm so impressed.


How did Yasha get all the way there and my thing didn't get there?


I sort of knew in the back of my head, right? No, I was courting her. No, it's true. (laughter)


Regis.


Insight check. Insight check!


I think they were trying to activate it. They were trying to please it.


All right. We leave.


Just sail. Yep, just sail.


I put Percy in front of me.


Text thread explodes in five, four, three.


Yeah, that'll do it.


I'm going to die, you guys.


Oh, yeah, maybe it would, like I stole it from him?


Right? I mean, they are hot, right? So at least there's that.


Yeah, so that's what we'll do. Awesome!


You don't speak Sylvan.


What is this, an anime episode?


We're opening card packs!


Oh, he's drunk.


I still feel a little ill.


I'm invisible.


We haven't quite talked about--


The second one was 16.


It's under all your other attributes.


I just-- Have some seashells... And a skipping rock.


Plus ten.


I have something to say. In a moment of panic, I may have influenced your decision to save Taryon from the kraken. I instantly regretted it-- not because of you, Taryon, I do apologise for that-- I instantly regretted it. It was a poor decision. I fully apologize, and if you wish to keep my glasses, I totally understand, and at the very least, if I have a swift punch in the face coming, I completely understand. I'm so sorry. And I wish I could say I would never do it again, but I honestly don't trust myself that much. But I am really, really sorry, and if anything had happened I would have run in to save you as best I could.


All right, so, question? I would like to try to use the Dispel Magic portion of my Magician's Judge.


You're fine. Oh, you're dead.


No. Hit. Sorry.


I'm already walking away. I took the kid and am walking to the boat.


We're with you to the end.


John, Crapper, and Toilet. Water Closet's dead.


It's right there! What are you talking about?


So you misspoke?


Now. Stealth and out.


Yes. But I'm a half-elf, so I get advantage. Let's see how I do. Pretty good! 18.


Did we not just learn anything?


Slap!


Could I take out the black metallic hammer now that he's all excited about his belt and begin my attuning period?


I'm feeling very prideful at the moment. Thank you.


We have stuff we have to do, don't rush us out of here!


Is the zombie like (zombie groaning). The tip of his arm falls off at the ulna.


What's the manhood thing?


We're between a fence, right?


I don't even know what I have that would make him burn it. I don't really have anything. I don't think he would go for it.


They're making guns!


So they stole from our invoice and they took all our Saint Bernard puppies.


An imp with jewelry and such?


And with that, I take out the little gem thing that I pulled off the other ship.


Our friend says he can probably, very likely get us in there and get us close enough to deal with our problem.


Yeah, because I'm known around these parts, so that would probably be better.


Take it away, Mercer.


Technically, I've got a lot of money.


How do you remember all the voices that you've done of the NPC's over the years?


Blindness. I'm going to blind him before he grabs her.


Jester, don't believe what you hear. It was a huge orgy. Just naked parts everywhere.


Kill you? My goodness, we were just trying to offer you a little bit of fun for this next stage. We had no problem--


I got to Gilmore's and I buy an alchemy set.


So many noises happening.


Don't. Absolutely not. Keep that shit on lock.


Yes, you're fine. You're fine. No, he didn't get you away because he knew this was happening, it just happened to work out. So ten ten-foot cubes-- They all have to be connected. Exactly, I'm going to start here and I'll work my way over. They're ten-foot-- remember, they're ten-foot. But they're attached. So they're bigger than that.


I'm sorry I let the ooze loose.


(out of breath) Oh, sorry.


You said you're 20 fucking feet in front of me, I'm using my fucking earring to whisper to you.


20, thank you, and. 15, plus that, 20.


Wait. My invisible frog companion.


That is unexpected.


Roll for Nic Cage.


Oh. Whoa. Whoa, shit got real.


Yeah. Vax would've killed me. And like I said, I believe in life-- mine, above all others. He's a good guy, you know. And a hell of a warrior. A little creepy, the way he's always staring at you, but I can't really blame him.


I can't see him, right?


That's fine by me.


So it's just plus one.


Oh, Wilhand, it's Pike!


Yeah, right there's pretty good. Do I see any-- I can't see out of the ring, right?


If they know it's magic.


- does her own thing.


It's a stand-up comedy club. (laughter)


Here we go. This is going to be fun.


Liam's memory is really spotty, but Caleb's is rock-solid.


(quietly) There's no one really listening to us, so we can talk as loud as we want.


We're a group you guys! (laughter)


Why don't you all go in, I'll stay back with Grog.


Do I see any tracks around?


Oh, a third door. I thought there was two.


Why do you need to leave? Who's suspicious of you?


By the way, did you have any--


What if he's dead?


There's no light in this area at all?


Oh yeah?


I get a massive plus one. Five.


Oh my god! (laughs)


I'm not throwing away my shot. That's a 22 to hit.


We wanna know what's up.


Look down the barrel!


Just go on Facebook. Facebook!


I can't believe you didn't get my messages!


Let's get it started.


Say no more.


All right. That'll do.


Oh my god! Hug me through my wife! That's so great! I can't get hit in the dick with this on! This is amazing! It really covers the whole kit and kaboodle!


Oh, no, 41 because I was sharpshootering.


It’s so cute.


Not you, you.


Fjord? Nott! Nott's in danger!


Did you see a way to downstairs?


Well, you said he was doing drugs, right?


I think of it more as a gift. (laughter)


Yeah, actually, we should chase them and kill them because they could actually snap out of it at any second.


I don't feel any of these things.


Nothing wrong with having an invisible cart.


Wild ocean dogs. Beach dogs.


Does she have anything that keeps her from--?


Oh, I'm getting in on this.


It's the best wine.


We're fighting a carpet.


Go for the door!


Okay, that's what I see? There's an open door. I'm going to the open door.


No, I didn't, I rolled an eight, plus a seven, plus ten.


There are ogres?


And I’m going to run out the doorway. If I go up on my broom, will I be able to see them down in the courtyard?


What do you mean, people are listening to heavy metal GWAR babe, purple guy, and little green girl in a doll mask?


All right, so I hit one ankle against the other on my boots and everything slows down around me a little bit, and I double my speed and run towards it.


All right. So I say you, your dad, and maybe Pike walk up to the front door and then we get ready to hit them with the doozy once things start.


I would love to, but, there's no one to ride.


That's good, that works.


How about a sapphire?


Feel free to hit me. I don't care. I can't be grappled.


My leaves are prickly.


Herald of the Hall.


Oh, good. I'm glad that we're all right next to a wall.


Wait, yeah.


Then I'll turn again and shoot with my bonus action at the one that I'm engaged with. MATT All righty.


K'varn?


(counting) 14. Nope, it's still 14.


No effects from eating that fruit, right?


That was a good joke.


And it looked quite nice.


Judges, who wins? Oh, Travis, easy win for Travis.


Keyleth drops elemental form and goes over to Vax and grabs him by the face.


Can Caduceus and I use our Thaumaturgy to make ominous whispers all around us so that it's like white noise so that we can whisper inside?


That would be the best end to that ceremony. Peace.


If we give him the Hat of Disguise, then there's just a magical field being about a magical--


Ugh, it sounds awful.


Wraiths?


I will send two of my globules down after him.


That was a lot of advice. I mean, it is no secret that I like these people, so we are in good company. This is working out. You are, you know, you are capable-- oh dear. I'm going to go to bed now.


Okay, there are some pun competitions that get serious.


Fuck, that’s right. Never mind. Then I’m going to take a bonus action and Healing Word Vax.


And I'll inspire Grog, in case this fight continues, and I will sing--


Yeah, so let's start with maybe a little smile on the face. That's always a good starting point. Try again.


Well, I wanted to! But I was biting my nails really hard.


I've seen you draw dicks on things.


To piggyback a quick question, to seal off the Tiberius thing, somebody asked if any of our voice acting influences our characters. Tiberius, absolutely. I played Elminster Aumar in the Neverwinter MMO. Which is a D&D MMO. And when we started this I'm essentially doing Elminster, but I made him super bubbly.


Kaitiyaki.


I'm doing sign-language interpretation. (laughter)


Well, that's true!


It's only ten minutes.


Oh no, Bad News is away. This is just with the handheld, shooting at the lock at the door.


As he does I distract him. (air horn blowing) (all laugh)


Because of your magical, technicolor dreamcoat?


I think we need to head back to Emon.


How do we prepare for this, Fjord?


Why would this even be here? And a flask on top? Wow! Do I see Fjord's belongings over near his bed?


What's the matter with you? Why are you talking like that?


Just air, yeah, just a draft.


Peeping tom!


How long does it take?


We saved each other. That's kind of what Vox Machina's all about.


No, no, I have very deft fingers.


It's like an emoji.


But I can't see. Can I see past the lip of the edge to the top of that?


I'm going to pray to Pelor. I don't know if it makes a difference.


It can be whatever you want it to be. You have to agree upon it and you have to focus on that word for one full day while you are in possession of the pot.


Our escorts?


Nott, do you want to?


(singing) Run away, run away!


Well, I'm talking about magic. I can magically seal this door. Unless it has a way to deal with that, it will not be able to get through.


"Look surprised!"


I might as well try one of the doors that's locked, and see if I can pick it, but I'm not good at that, so I'll try.


I fly down to Pike's shoulder and I go, (caws).


What room are we in, out of curiosity?


This is way more complicated than I thought it was going to be.


Yeah. Do you want to?


That would be helpful.


That was three attacks, one missed.


I walk over and go, "Before you hit anything with it, you come talk to--"


She's as tall as you.


We can all see the sea. It's right there.


Well, I don't-- Where's Kima?


Not for the Mistake.


14 points of damage and one point of psychic?


How many hours do you have left of reading?


It's just, it looked ominous.


Wow, Beau. Really?


Didn't you do something that makes it more vulnerable to its next hit?


Melting around his mouth.


Maybe whistle for me when you come back.


(whispers) I'm not there.


Yeah, that's inherent, sure. Right.


Well, to be fair, they are kind of arseholes.


Okay, that's not too bad.


Very considerate of you, a gentleman's offer.


While you guys do that, I need to go to The Pillow Trove, okay?


That's why I was hoping my bowstrings would work, but I missed my shot.


Inspire him? I think he's pretty good on his own.


No, we didn't. And everything's gone horribly wrong because of that.


Yes, I definitely want to use it.


You could just say, Angels for sale!


Win or go home, Beau. Eye on the Cobalt Soul, here we go!


Plus ten, right?


Is my bird okay?


If we learned anything from Minecraft-- (all laugh)


Unload.


Yeah, Ulog.


Should I walk forward or should I keep--


She didn't want an attack of opportunity?


I'm trying to split up evenly!


I think you're right. Extra horse. We need the cart.


Dex save.


Well, that would make her the same as 95 percent of people in this city.


Or maybe your father is a sperm whale and that's how you survived, because you're half whale or fish.


(tearfully) He killed two guards.


(lightsaber noises)


This is like trying to catch snowflakes.


Oh, that's true. That's better. We killed one of them.


Interesting... Interesting.


That's a way to go.


That dice attacked me while I rolled it. A 23.


Lady Briarwood.


Okay, they're standing twenty feet apart?


We were asked to plead for your life, and I may have panicked.


We're better at this than them. Let's go do what we do. Right, Trinket?


Luckily, I have a grappling hook. (dink dink dink)


100 gold!


Sorry. Wow.


Mom's Jamedi. (laughter)


Oh, I use Hellish Rebuke!


Are you inside?


Invisible Woman.


Your old friend, molten lava.


I will join that insight check.


I hand her a spare.


I'll get down so that you can get up and cast it.


That's not helpful at all.


It's possible that Vasselheim might be our next stop after we secure everything here.


I'm going to take six or seven quiet steps forward, stealthily. 19 stealth.


What are Fire Ashari?


As much as the animal.


You know, the mission we discussed.


I'd like to pop in and see if I could take a couple--


Trinket's right there, Scanlan.


Plus one. All right.


I'll take one more, and I'll get one of my own.


What was it, Pike?


Look real mean.


Don't you want to see my mom, though?


What does the amulet do?


Not my intention, but go ahead.


Mm-hm-hm. Fire cleans all.


You know because I told you.


Do I have to do it?


Today!


That's the signal.


If we're lizard people, Draconians will not trust us.


It was one of the rings that we found in the cave.


Thorbir is what they meant to say.


Okay, so I can leave him. He's good.


Yeah, that ends it.


You genuinely think we can destroy the relics without harming anyone?


Three, six, that wasn't anything. Nine.


He's only got one eye, he can't possibly see what's going on.


Right. I forgot. I was a horse.


Big hand for Sam Riegel, holy shit! [ART]


What're you telling him lies for?


I was told...


It's a fresh one.


Give her a ring.


Do you want me to go look at the locker?


I'll take the new one.


The hell you haven't!


Does that mean I do twice the damage?


Still being stealthy, but yeah.


(imitates Senokir) Great. We will.


That is so crazy.


I have a 6th.


Roll high.


Well, there's one surefire way to make sure that he's all right, which is, we get drunk on something really expensive and listen to the stories of all the people we just saved so you can feel better about everything that just happened.


Jester's been trying to make her way towards him, if possible. Towards him, I don't know if she can get there.


That's my motherfucking Wind Wall!


"It ain't my fault school was late because, well, Teacher Sally died this evening before last."


That's more of a shrub.


I have a twin, yes.


It's walking right now?


The white and pink contrasting with the fur is very confusing to my brain.


The Bag of Disagreeable Dice.


I think on a certain level, you're possibly making this more complicated than it needs to be.


Ah?


There's nothing in there. I keep drinking out of it. There's nothing in it!


Thank you, kind sir.


So, I am in the room. No one is in there with me.


Yeah, I have a couple.


Same as Percy, but as a crow.


(sings) Dwarves say. Dwarves say. (all laugh)


God, somebody's going to get trampled.


They used the spell Dimension Door that Tiberius has.


Why'd you roll twice?


You don't need to yell at us, Percy. We're just trying to help you.


I'm going to towards him do a Thunderwave push (boof) and try and push him out the window. Thunderwave.


She's like all sticks, though.


You have a monster on your chest.


I saunter over to Keyleth. That was mighty impressive.


For the sake of brevity.


I pick up the coin and hand it to Grog and say, this will make you fly. And I'll dive over the edge as well.


I'm hoping it's the first, I'm hoping it's the first.


Jump over her prone form.


I'm going to hold the Channel Divinity Path to the Grave spell for Yasha.


Okay, this is persuasion? That's 17.


None of Sarenrae.


You're looking at him.


Oh, back in Dallas. Like, right out of high school, we were in the same talent agency.


This woman, was she with the fellow that you left with last night?


Hi. Sorry. The ones who did you in. Other than large and pale, were there any distinguishing marks or names thrown about?


And Rothschild.


Is that permanent?


Oh, it's just been a laugh!


I don't know if she knows what a brothel is.


Well, I'm up to one hit point.


Can you manipulate ice?


Just because you look like them, doesn't mean that you have to be like them.


Okay, that's the coolest.


All the women in Exandria disagree.


It's pretty fresh. So fresh and so clean.


I feel like even before then, like a long time ago.


Oh...


I thought that was Vecna's go.


She's not wearing a wire. She's okay.


When does the cube go?


This is what it's like on this end, going, "what the fuck do I do?" Thank you.


Fuck you. 12.


I was okay until right then!


Let's just go back to the castle. It's just a few blocks away from the tavern. We can always come back in the morning to send someone to get him, it's fine. It's a small West-- Whitestone-- we're not in Westruun. We've traveled. We've traveled a lot.


Well, did you see the way they looked at each other?


(laughs) They opened for Vox Machina. They were fantastic. Oh, am I not thinking of the right thing? That's all right.


To Dolan's. We'll meet up at Pumat's.


We look at the rope connected to the log.


Congratulations, you've won imploding self-esteem.


Unless you're hearing things we don't know about.


But that doesn't last as long, or--


Can you hold it up again?


She almost killed Vex, she didn't kill Vax, we've got to do fucking something with her.


I'll be behind Jester, yeah, or with Jester.


I'm in the back-back.


What are we rolling for?


Yes. There you go.


What? So, Scanlan, if you want to come meet us, we're over by the Iron thing. How would I tell him where we are?


Oi! Look at the guy right behind you!


Come on, guys. 20 shirts.


Ah? Ah? No strings!


Why doesn't she stay with us for a while?


Okay. Then I'm going to, I guess, I'm going to run back behind the tree because I'm a loser.


Yeah, really, it does.


It's too big!


I know, we just found some, I guess, because they're there! There's a bunch of other stuff, too, t-shirts and stuff, but the spinner ring is there for maybe five more seconds. Maybe. I don't know.


Oh my god, I do!


It's a Duracell.


(yelling) Guys, you've got to come out of the house, now!


Yeah. Here.


Oh no! What is that?


It hurts. I put it back.


I like this girl.


Oh. Yeah, no. I mean, we've barely cooked with any of it in the last month.


That was tough.


I got it! Throw it in the water?


Magic, you're using magic.


Pike, you saved the day. Again.


There were really terrible people there. People were being tortured. We saw it happen. Oh! We saw a torture chamber. You would have loved it! I thought of you.


Yeah, and I was thinking. So the three of us are down in the meeting.


Percival, you have the run of this place, somewhat.


There's one other door? That's the one.


No, they don't like running water, in fact they hate running water! I didn't think about that.


Yeah! Oh. Really? I get plus two to stealth?


I mean, this is not about me right now.


I'm pretty sure I get that on top of that, as a Rogue hoo-hah. But I'll stay there if you want. I'm in no mood to argue with you tonight.


Nice bonnet.


I will be less handsome with one ear, I'm just saying.


Seeker, would you mind staying for a week or so before your venture? We need time to convince the council to let us leave without conflict and to procure particular items and things that we need. Very briefly. Would just take some time.


Let's see if there's anything resembling tracks--


Oh, you're going to send a message. What's the message? Completed first half of mission?


We'll see. Slow it down. I don't know, we'll find out.


Not great. Nine.


I grab Lockheed and we hold him hostage. (all laugh)


Hold on, hold on. DM! DM. I take off my magical armor, which was dwarven in shape before--


We also have to modify one of the necklaces.


I would like to get something that is brown, muted, nothing gaudy. Probably don't have that anyway.


Oh no, what? Keyleth turns to the guard. (laughter)


I'm sorry, Dante, could you please describe the-- Where everyone is physically, the enemies and us? Just so I can see it in my head a bit better.


How deep is this?


With the Vecna eye. He's bound, so I have advantage to hit him?


Right in the ear.


Haste doesn't work that way now.


His partner in Port Damali, Fjord.


Forget rolling for sand castles, this is it. (laughter)


Use my last Luck of the day. Same thing. It's shit. Seven.


No, it cannot do that.


My mom was right! I never should have gotten involved with you.


Actually, I'm staying at the Keep.


Should I pour this vial of acid on them?


I just got it clean, I just got it clean.


I don't have fire! I use my fists!


Yes, I believe we are. Thank you for your time. We're most gracious.


Okay, hang on, before we turn this into a pissing contest--


Chat room? Chat room bought us a pizza?


Do they appear to be Ravenites?


I wrote it down correctly, Matt.


He's going to kill us, yeah.


Keyleth, is this something you're going to want to do in the long term?


How much platinum do we have hiding in the bag of holding?


A flick?


And the dog run. Just went around the dog run.


That guy, who is that guy?


Can anything reverse it?


So, soon, when it's time, step one will be the City of Dis.


Don't curse!


Ew. X-Files.


It's a book.


We're each going to have a pocket of 300 gold--


Are there more people in your herd or fingers on your hand?


48 on a success. Whoa.


I have a question. The gentleman who had an arrow in his throat: he's gone, right? He's been blown apart.


You titled Vex'ahlia.


Isn't he having plummeting issues if he's not moving?


Definitely wouldn't.


Well, that's awesome.


Okay, so we're not (death noises and farts)?


I'm going to, before we take off, take a look at that tree that got hit. I want to examine how it was struck by lightning.


It's not as fancy as you might think.


While all this is going on!


Oh, careful there, it'll leave a bruise.


He was in Civil War as the guy that gets killed by a cop.


In about 20 minutes you'll be able to use it.


Can we stealth while we're misting?


Paint me like one of your chromatic girls.


Plus my wisdom. 17.


We were already there once, actually.


Me, too!


Are my claws only magical when I'm doing the thing?


I'll go next.


I could use some, I don't know if you are sharing?


I'm a fucking elephant and it's a door!


Make us pretty.


I'll just crane my neck up the mountain.


We love you, Ashley.


Shh!


No. Come here. I lead him around the side of Vex.


Yes, they don't-- Forgive me for speaking on your behalf. I don't think that they want to collect on a debt. They just did this because we're friends. The forgiveness of debt comes with some strings attached. We will lose most of our property and assets, but we will maintain the homestead here, and all of its possessions and artwork and belongings, we get to keep. We also get the nearby farmhouse and all of the land, and we get a new lease on life, and a new beginning. I think it's an opportunity for our family, and that leads me to my proposal. Father, as much as I have respected you for keeping us safe and providing for us, you have not given us the one thing a family needs, which is love. Real love. You have made sure that we are safe, because you care about our blood, because it is your blood, and you care about the fact that we bear your name, but you haven't given us the opportunity to be a real family, and I believe we can be, if we start out new and fresh together. Here's my proposal. I will come back and live with you, in Wildmount, and I will lead this family to a new chapter. Our business model will change a bit. I propose that we do not engage in real estate anymore, but in another venture. Forgive me, but you have sullied our name.


We're looking for signs of civilization on land or in the sea at the moment. What are you--?


While we're stopping by the post office, can I talk to the courier person?


French roof.


Passive-aggressive much?


Do we need to fight anything right now?


Can I run over, pick up Vex, and carry her over to her friends? 45.


Do I know if volcanic--


Yep, yep. Just make sure you crawl in on your hands and knees.


Let's explain to the unseen servant what he's supposed to do.


And that, I know!


Yeah, so we have to get to that door.


I go  Jester, I'll see you there! I dart by, and I also want to burn a ki point to do Step of the Wind and run my full 135-foot movement towards--


Okay, can I do this? Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm on the carpet. I'm going to cast Grasping Vine from the carpet and wrap around Trinket and have a Trinket tow vine.


(deep voice) Wow!


Why, thank you. Don't have to hide it around me, it's okay.


(quietly) I do.


A duel? A one-on-one duel?


Grab another bottle.


Do we need to collect the dump?


Where did the glow sticks come from?


All I know is they feel like the Briarwoods.


Why are you trying to do this to me right now? Why you got to be a player hater?


Another--


I start falling.


Question. Did enough stones fall out of the ceiling that might be, like, me-shaped?


From Westruun.


Isn't she harder to hit because she's so little?


This is kind of the definitive-- Yes, this is when we were all--


After we've already taken care of the stuff so we get paid. Do we know how much time we have left before our time is up with the Gentleman's timeline?


Yeah, back away. Yeah, there you go, that's more like it.


Come correct. Don't mug yourself.


Trinket! I never know what to look at because I never attack with Trinket.


It's a big paper. Let me read it.


What time is it? (laughs)


Weirdly, the Hamburger Helper organization owns it. (laughter)


Before the modifier, it was--


But we know there's not a secret entrance.


I had no idea that was there!


I got you, Joker.


That's fine. I would like to-- Because I was asking you a question and then suddenly it was happening, right?


Also, we can have Pickle talk to one of these arseholes.


So we don't want to do any more damage?


That's what I'm saying. Caleb, can you lift that gate spell if we need to get back out?


We could snoop-- We could wait until we see Vera at breakfast tomorrow and just-- Right? She's staying here.


I think so, too. Just to test, yeah, I'm going to do Burning Hands. How quickly do they catch?


Somewhere deep in the building, far away:


Exactly where Grog was? That's cool.


She needs better dice.


You don't know me, you don't know what lists I have.


Who are you? You know an awful lot about me now. You are not some (sigh) youth throwing themselves on drink, as you tried to claim when we first met. You are clearly tied to something greater than that. You are not some fuck-up. Who are you?


That's fine. This is what I'm good for. I'm taking it.


Yeah. It's just me up here?


It's a plus what now? Charisma?


So we're going to talk to Irena, and then we're going to maybe find Blemmy, or maybe just follow Locate Object.


Okay, out of frustration, I see this, can I do a wall of stone from underneath the glass to try and lift it up?


I do as of right now with you telling me.


Are we gonna do this? Are we doing the Gentleman?


We need rest!


In-between time.


Keyleth? Darling? Could you maybe make a wall of stone and close off this tunnel?


Three-quarters cover.


Goddamn it. Scanlan's back. Listen, you can't die, and I don't know what's going on in your head, or what you're thinking, but I feel like it's not good.


Is it a superior healing potion?


He's getting all weird.


What does it have in it?


So Caleb shouts out, should I burn this thing now?


(long sigh) We are going to go and meet the Marduns.


Turn him into paste.


I'm going to cast Channel Divinity on the angry snake in armor.


He has the Joker then, or something. How can you throw that many Batmans at a single man, and not get what he's got in his hand.


Tell me your name again.


I want to keep perception out to make sure that nothing is ahead of us.


Draconia.


Oh what? Aw, cool!


104 gold?!


And I fucked him.


Any further attempts by the creature automatically fail until 24 hours have elapsed. He ain't going nowhere. It's mean, man.


Oh yes, these are my traveling companions and--


Garmelie! Hop in the river!


61 points of damage?


Are they headed this way?


We love you, Orlando.


I actually am on there for my book, it's promotion, but when I started poking around there was lots of fanfic, a lot of Supernatural fans around there writing fiction. But like, it could be a place that people could post.


Is there anywhere else around town I could get an enchanted weapon of some sort?


There was fluffing. Just a little massaging.


We're so sorry, we know you really wanted to go to the Hells with us--


Fuck, man. Nope.


Hmm, okay. I'm just going to tie your hands while you're sleeping, though, okay?


Five plus-- ten-- I don't know, what am I adding? I've never used a sword before!


Man, that is the oldest trick in the book. Sure.


D&D Beyond, everybody. It's almost Thanksgiving time and I thought, what better for us to do than to thank our long-time sponsor D&D Beyond. They've been with us all campaign, we hope into the next year, so as a token of our appreciation, we put together a highlight reel of all my best moments from all the best D&D Beyond ads of the year, so roll that clip, gentlemen, and we're going to-- Hold on. I've just been handed something. Okay. I'm being told that we don't have that clip, which is disappointing because we had meetings about this all week, I talked to editors about this, and this was important to me, and to-- Okay, sorry. Okay, I'm being told that we did not have meetings all week about this, and this is a bit that I wrote about an hour ago. Needless to say, I feel like D&D Beyond is going to not like this because we've taken them on this rollercoaster of emotions now, and they're going to be pretty pissed off, they may pull their sponsorship dollars-- Okay, now I'm being told that no, they will not pull their sponsorship dollars because they really just want me to read the ad copy that they provided me two days ago. So I'll just read that now, and they'll be happy. As a reminder from last week, Dungeon of the Mad Mage and the Magic: The Gathering D&D crossover, Guildmaster's Guide to Ravnica, are available now in the D&D Beyond marketplace. Be sure to pick up yours at dndbeyond.com/marketplace. Okay, fine, so maybe they're a great company, but I feel like they're going to resent me for-- I am being told that no, they're not going to resent me at all, and in fact they have a promo code named after me. The promo code is "SamIsOurHero"-- not case sensitive-- it can be used right now for 25% off all digital books, including those two books I just mentioned earlier, so go to the store right now and use it. Okay, forget about D&D Beyond, all right? The fans will be pissed off at me, right? They will think that I'm an awful human being, they'll drag my name on Reddit-- I'm being told now that there's nothing written on any of these pieces of paper, and this is just a thinly-veiled attempt to get attention to myself because I am very insecure, I have these deep-seated problems, and-- I'm being told now that I'm actually pretty happy, and I don't have any deep-seated depression or anything like that, and I'm a pretty good guy. Wow, I really think, guys, that this bit has been a journey for all of us, and I feel like we've all learned something about ourselves, and about-- Nope, I'm being told we have not learned anything, and that I'm to wrap it up, so back to you, Matt!


It's change, but travel is travel, so.


A harpy's a jerk, a stupid butthole who's super loud.


All right, Marisha said that, not Beauregard.


That is... nine damage. Nine! Second one. Ooh. Yeah, yeah. that's 16.


We can go through.


I'm half-devil.


Okay, so, further.


With the stalagmite coming up?


I prat-fucking-fall. I pratfall right in front of the guards, on the opposite side of the room.


All right. So I followed, in the beginning-- did the guy pick the Deck in Vasselheim? Or were you--


I now have two bursts of Eldritch Blast.


Nope. 20.


There's a large ruby shield back there, is that true?


I thought pages binded together. I was going to say brad.


We had Jumanji!


We'll be right back!


Someone keeps asking about Troy, I don't know if Troy Baker is ready.


I had such a hard time when I flew up the other day, such a hard time...


I thought you were being a rider.


Fuck. I'm gonna swim up so I can see down over the rock.


Brilliant, thank you.


20, not natural.


Bigby isn't, though.


We have a chance to kick the can down the road.


Ooh, my girl!


Look at that face! You are not lying!


What if he accidentally lost control of the creature and then ran--


Is that going to be you? You going to do that?


Hashtag Clasp.


Brave Coral. Fuck, I've lost two and my broom. What a fucking terrible day.


Quickly. Have to think here, because everyone else is sleeping and that didn't look good for that little boy, but then it doesn't really help us with what we are doing, but then the child. What to do?


What does it say the DC is?


Thank you very much for all of your help.


So a good trade, you're talking about.


I'm so glad we pulled you in.


We had to fluff it up a bit.


We vote on the name every couple of months, but it's going to be a while.


What did the second one roll?


The second she turns, I'm going to turn and give Fjord a little pat on the back and make a whisper really quickly.


What if he's still here?


Those things are huge!


No windows facing that way.


All colors except for blue of the chromatic spectrum. I got a few of their names.


We already did a Pog episode.


We have to go finish what we started, though. They want us to still desecrate the stones.


That means all of you guys were texting in your sessions.


I'm going to head around the tree for the other one that--


He's not hurt enough, apparently.


I run to Percy.


That is my sister. Her name is Vex'ahlia. You can call her Vex. Some people call her Vax.


Is it just a key or is there a thing that dangles from it, something we could mimic and make more of?


And then the third one.


Bless! Oh, I love Bless.


So Seeker Asum, he's against us?


I am-- I am going-- Hang on, wait, what are you do-- what?


Okay. Ah, shit. Okay.


Don't read into it.


Did I find anything good in it?


Wii controllers.


Yeah, very new.


But we haven't gotten to the part--


We're going that far--


That's 2d8.


How do you mean? Yeah, how do you mean, feeling?


Plus, Zanror is still alive, as is his wife. I think.


To him?


There'll be time on the ship. Let's take our time, before the Orcas.


Have we passed it yet?


Yeah. Trust me. It's all going to work out. What could go wrong?


Ja. Schmidt, one second. You two, circus people. Mollymauk.


A minute or two left. Okay. Great, I'll take it.


(grunts) Ow! (grunts) Ow?!


I'm a little confused.


No no no, it finds similar objects.


She didn't have to send you anything, you dick!


Yasha, and then Nott and Caleb are equal.


I'm going to come out, I'm going to have a little kettle set up on a little tripod. I'm putting it down, I'm putting a big rod with a big purple chunk of amethyst on it underneath the kettle. Tapping it a couple times to get the kettle to start heating up. I'm going to wander into the graveyard and find some flowers for tea.


Well, I thought Raise Dead just brought them back, like, to life as a zombie, that's what I thought.


--was no small part in our survival.


Shabbily dressed.


The Justice League thing!


Well, completionists, we fucking did it.


Well, I'm going to shake her hand before-- shit.


I'm going to sneak through.


Nice. As I'm pulling around the corner, can I use my bonus action to drop the stupid, runty gnoll look?


I like it. Let's do it.


No, but wait, wait, wait. You can put in more money, and then I deal you a different card. You get to give a card back, and then I deal you another card.


I feel like 10,000 gold is buying an awful lot of cooperation. More cooperation than I think I'm capable of.


Natural 20, so 40. Actually, I have a stealth of seven.


-- they could have seen us.


It was a lot of fun.


Do you want to go one up top, just in case?


And it's not confined.


And I have advantage because I’ve inspired myself. (all laugh)


Complete point, okay.


Pretty traumatizing, I would assume.


I think we should get it out of her view before--


I don't like that one.


Well, he'll be dead eventually. I'm going to head back upstairs.


I feel so dirty sitting on this pillow. So comfy.


Wait, that was-- okay.


You're not unconscious, Marisha?


Reversal!


The Open Quay.


We need to heal this guy.


What if some of us kept Avantika busy?


Enough to see Vex. Vex?


Ooh, I like this. She is smart.


(noises) Ugh. 16.


(laughing) That's fucked up. (everyone laughs)


All right, go! Oh, not on the jacket!


12 plus four, 15. No, 16. Plus another three brings us to 19. Plus another four brings us to 22. 23. And then a three brings us to 26 hit points and you are cleared from your blindness. Can I use the rest of my fly speed of 120 feet like my boyfriend to then fly away?


Well, I mean "rakshasa" does sound fun. Rakshasa!


We're spread out a little.


I do not see it.


Can I pull him aside as we're walking there?


I like Indian.


Oh, it's a mean baby. I feel like it could be saved, because it's--


What about the Prince Albert?


Yeah, perception.


Oh, come on. (All laugh.)


It's a good one?


Well, let's assume then-- shall we assume flanking positions?


Summer's what? What's the name of the sword?


Meet our friends? We have friends.


Great. That's good. Good.


Okay, so the first one...


Okay, that's good. That's 19 to hit.


A man. Human.


Aw, Jesus. Really?


You, you screamed.


Yes. I'm going to get out of the water, and I'm going to go stand next to that thing that's coming out of the ground. Yeah, that thing.


Well, I could definitely inspect this. Do you want me to do that now, though, or maybe we are pressed for time?


I was already on my way there.


Oh lord! (laughter)


I like the idea that it's silent in here and we're just hearing sand get kicked around and Grog breathing like a bull.


I mean... you know.


No, I think you're probably gonna need a new job pretty soon. That was a diss. It's all right. Just look elsewhere. That's all I'm saying.


We'll switch it around, then? Maybe Nott, you go with Jester. You stay up top, and I will go to this meeting. Frumpkin will stay with you.


Your answer for everything.


Okay. Um, Traveler?


No, it's hitting and slicing. I'll check.


Was he resistant to my slashing damage?


Is Velora around?


Yeah. Maybe we finish our drink and move on for now.


(shouting) What the fuck is going on?! What-- Max?! Are you in my seat?! Go away! Go! What the fuck is happening?! Travis, you emailed me. You said we were starting at 7:15 tonight. Did you lie to me?


Just wanted to give you a quick update. Fjord saw a thing with two wings, appeared to be humanoid, flying off the boat, and just wanted to make sure--


I've already started. (dripping)


What is K'Varn?


Well, while it's happening, because it was such a good song, I will cast Underwater Breathing on all seven of us.


Oh, well, why didn't you say something? Hold on, let me dig.


Isn't that how it works?


Yeah, it is. [music]


Wait, tell us where--


Yeah. Wait, is this melee? Does this come into play with the cloak? So you're at disadvantage.


Ooh, natural 18. 22.


Where is my DC? DC of eight plus my proficiency mod, plus my dexterity mod, so 19.


Six approved gods.


Life is failing the Bechdel Test so hard right now.


Yeah, no, hold on, I know the name. [cheering]


I have a passive perception of 21.


Is it a chemical thing?


Things have gotten a bit weird.


It was kind of fun to watch, I'm not going to lie.


Damn! That's fucking awesome. Yasha goes Don't touch her. And just shoves the sword in, and then slowly lifts up the snake, just bringing it up through its ribcage.


No! There's gold! There's lots of gold on the other side!


I shouldn't have readied an attack!


We can each have our own tent! There's enough.


That's an impressive roll.


Tomorrow night.


No, but that's...


Same plane as the break room. 5 minutes is 15. (laughs)


Do you happen to know, from all your years of meditation, what plane or where Kord might reside?


Oh boy. That ain't no good.


Well, all right!


What exactly does it do, the Glyph of Warding?


Bad physics?


I know, but you went a bit catatonic.


Oh, you're going to do your thing.


It's amazing.


Yes, I do, I do.


Yeah. I'll get more.


When the whistles blew, Matthew, did we see any guards do a shift change at the prison?


And so would I because I rolled an 18!


Wait, is it on fire? It has to be on fire!


I'm going to go back over to the chimney very gingerly, pull out one of the firecrackers, one of the bottle rockets, light it with the tinderbox, and drop it in.


As we're standing watching that, Trinket comes rolling into the courtyard!


I bring him down so he can say goodbye.


That's awful.


Oh, yes. You have that spell, don't you?


Fucking hit him this time, will you?


And I'll never do it again. As long as you don't try that again, of course, I guess.


Larkin, are you ready to help us kill a dragon?


Tree's not missing.


That's not just some bird. That's the Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna. They call her Stacy, but that's not her name.


Um, yeah.


Like the festival. Yeah. Just go with it.


That's meine Liebchen. I'm hoping for a hot bath for the both of us. It has been a long bit of travel.


Be there in just a moment, dear. I just want to find Vax. Can I find Vax?


Do I see any little trinkets or anything? Little brass things? Little baby bottles? Anything?


Bye, Scanlan.


Do I have good credit?


Oh, don't open that. Who knows how long those guards had to be staked out here? Don't open that.


Yes, yes! No it was, but also heartbreaking at the same time.


It's pretty and you can choose the wood.


Good on them.


You're getting the radiant digit.


We plan at dawn.


Yeah we can all hear you. You can't just pick people, you are aware of that?


(high-pitched) Natural 20 motherfucker!


Fly, flea, mosquito, dragonfly, whatever you'd like.


Whatever that sparking thing was.


Fiona, do you recognize anyone in this room?


Wait, that's the wrong guy. 12. 14.


You got that.


I'm intrigued!


Also, in the meantime, DM, I--


Selling his soul.


Well, technically, you gave me the money for it. Is it useful?


I can uncanny dodge, yes.


Oh, for gods' sakes, I'm going to start going through the woods.


Or you can use the Smite dice.


It's Pike.


I was going to say, robbing shady people is usually a bad idea.


I don't think we have a chance now.


What will you sing to her? Oh, wait.


It's going to take my bonus action to do so? Then I will not look at the cart.


24? No, wait. 34.


What is avarice?


I can get in there.


Yes, all right, excellent. It's fine.


Yeah, yours was surprisingly good.


Are we going to pose and start selling?


Feet up on the other chair?


I know, really.


Well, I have to know these things!


Wait, I get nothing, okay. A four.


And they're on this?


Or very cold if they came out.


The buttons are on the side of the mirror, so we could shoot arrows at them.


And then an additional 4d10?


Reckless attacks!


She got sword, so far.


Oh, shit. Boom!


But if we go out there, it's going to be close combat.


You're pretty awful, from what I'm slowly beginning to learn about you, Percy.


But do we know why the baby woke up? What woke the baby?


Oh no, you can't read still.


Maybe if it's not so gnarly?


You know, I'm really good at reading people, and I know that you're telling me the truth right now.


I mean, you got to start somewhere!


The first explored room, that Molly has seen a little bit of. LIAM, Sorry. I was looking at my spellbook and not paying attention to you lot. What were you hoping me to do?


It's pretty heavy.


Your shining moment--


How's the girth?


I've got a Guiding Bolt, but it's very bright and it's made of light.


Yeah! Metal!


150 yards.


Level-3 Hunter's Mark.


Does it match my storm bow?


Smacked him into the wall.


I'm not going to leave the group, I'm going to pace with them.


(laughing) Ashley's face. Oh no.


Oh my god! Why did we not take a short rest right when we started! (laughter)


No, that sounds great to me.


I've never glowned.


Chicken?


I know, dear. You've been through a bit. There's been some bad business.


I'm going to use the earring real quick again. Whenever you're free, Grog.


Control Water's a level five spell.


General intelligence?


I'm going to do it to her again. To the old lady again.


Sorry, before you do this. Before you spend all this time. Is this one 60 feet away from me?


It's Gnomish.


I thought that's what we were doing today.


Follow me, please.


That's what it was. You're immune. You're definitely immune to water now. Good job.


Can you Grasping Vine them through the mansion door? It's open, right?


Five dollars.


I could either focus what I'm going to do on one of them, or I could tickle all of them.


A black hole and suck us all in?


Right. Theft protection.


It comes, it comes in waves. It's like a new awakening.


Anything that didn't hit, I'm going to run Bless. So that's 15 points of damage, five points psychic. That's 24.


I rolled a 14 and I have an intelligence of plus three.


There should be a dot on one side.


I'm desperate. I keep going. Can I go around and deeper? Can I follow this path a little bit?


You guys are fighting over a loaded gun.


We're just watching them fly around.


Did you cast Friends on it? Did it work?


That's a novel!


Does anyone seem to be behind the alley?


He's on the other side of the wall! Utugash!


I'm wearing acid-resistant armor.


Um--


Pubert Pimplepop.


I am a tiny, tiny boy. I can only do--


I shall go and protect Scanlan, underneath the legs of that giant.


I've done all three of those things more than most men do in three lifetimes.


Here you go, Tary!


What if she's evil?


They're right next door, they're connected, they're partners.


Oh my god, are we all breaking up?


Her name's Beau. She's helping, she's awful, you have a lot in common.


I know, but I could still be a guard and follow you guys there.


Aren't you really old, though? You get company.


Once a year, y'all. Once a year.


Do we get to kill her?


But Plan B!


Oh, boy.


Hey gang, I feel like we've lost focus here. (laughter)


Is it begging or is it praying, at this point?


Sure, I think that sounds like a great idea.


I'm just going to ask somebody where to find a pub or an inn. Not trying to be coy. Not trying to be interesting.


You're surrounded by a band of goblins! They're everywhere! And they'll come in here unless you tell me the location of Algar! Tell me now! And I kick over a chair.


Yeah, super sacrifice-y.


Am I still at a disadvantage even though I saw right where that crap came out?


He's biting! It's a bite!


Oh. That's right. Saving throw?


Caleb, what about your cat?


Second attack is five, seven, 13, no 14. 12? I can add. 13, 14. Oh no, I don't get sneak attack on the second.


I just want brunch so badly.


Feed me while I'm casting.


It's just chimney smoke. Just keep moving.


You're licking the mud off?


Well, then I will burn my action to dash up.


Or we could Seeming wings?


Can I ask a logistical question?


Yes, unless you have any amulets or magical things lying around?


They're both falling, yeah. Vax will hit the ground first.


If we can put some manpower towards discovering where he is and where he lies while we continue our search for the Vestiges, and then once we have a solid lead, we can follow it through.


Caleb curses to himself and wanders around, and does what he says, suddenly looking very noble. I'll let that go and then I'll follow up.


No, I mean I don't--


Okay, yeah, sure. Yeah.


34 minus five. 29.


No more friends. Don't make any more friends.


I'm going to stay behind. I am out.


I don't want to go on a date with it. I want to kill it.


I'm so glad to see you.


We know a lot!


Zip!


I run over with the letter and can we put it in her desk to hide it? The sealed letter.


Good to know. I don't need to know anything more, I'm just happy that you have it. I'm thankful.


I have my orc--


What is his attack fucking bonus?


We're all right. Everything's fine here. Everything's fine. How are you?


Oh! I thought we were already in the cave.


"One down" and let's embed the tooth into the rock.


Shaka-pow.


Mm-hmm. Morning!


So it was? Sorry.


Well, will it get an attack of opportunity?


The freshmaker.


Do we know if we can heal him once we damage him?


It's a 21.


Free treats today! Just today. Just today, free treats for the family. After that, no free treats.


I don't know at all what you just told me. I'm not going to lie. But I think I get the message.


I'm sipping it. I'm doing as the locals do. Enjoying it how he told me.


Look at that, a fucking bear dance.


Yeah, it sure is. Excuse me, I must inform the internet of my majesty.


We have one hour. Fade to feathers.


Fee fi fo fum!


I don't think any of them are watching.


The boat or the island?


He's fucking everywhere. He's been following us a lot. You said he was shifty, a little criminal--


That's reckless. 18.


Speaking as Liam, remember that this is a man who gave an evil sword-- he gave crystal meth to Grog.


Are the Briarwoods--


You could technically try to sh-- Oh yeah, mist form. (laughter)


Fucking pace yourself, all right? Yeah, I know. The bling is going to come your way, all right? We have a carved wand. Anybody have a wand that's not carved?


Oh my God! I didn't even put it together.


Yeah, so we could go see if they could give us--


As a bonus action, I give dice to-- who's coming up next? Who's coming up soon?


(singing) Okay.


Well, you were barely paying attention.


But there's like a tunnel kind of carving out that way?


Ooh, can we do that?


Just look at the shirt, Matt, just look at his shirt.


I love bats.


Nope, sorry, not going to help you.


Well, let's screw our courage to the sticking place and get them out of there.


She's been wearing a dress this whole time?


And this is a vast sum of money we might find?


I'm also gonna blow through most of Cabal's Ruin, 'cause that's funny. I know, I say that a lot. So that's standard damage, is 15 points of damage, plus where is--


(yells wordlessly)


Should I seal the tunnel?


And he just hit every trap on the way through and almost died.


Got an 18 on perception.


No, no no no.


How much were they, again?


He taught me how to love and I have a hard time with interpersonal relationships.


And plan over.


Awesome. That's 11, plus four points of fire damage, so 15.


Does it? I'm back to three?


Sure! I will shoot towards (cocking sound). Is the one near Molly engaged with Molly?


I do applaud your honesty, though, sister.


(gasps) Is that a thing?


Yeah, we got this blue crystal.


Yep. Come on, everyone.


I can try coming to get you undone.


Can I get any other details on where he is? Can I see any other identifying landmarks?


How is everyone feeling? Do we need to heal? Everyone?


Use your new dice!


This is pretty good!


Well, Trinket's coming down.


Do you want to cry? Because I would want to cry.


Oops! (laughter)


Or the cat.


I'm going out as well and I'm just sort of shuffling in place and moving.


You have a child with you. You need to get him out of here. He's suffered enough. We've got it from here.


Okay, okay, okay! Good job!


When he gives descriptions and we don't fucking writes notes, it bites us in the ass.


I think we'll make gold wherever we go.


He's had this weird cough for a couple of days now.


Yeah, we lured a bunch of duergar into a chasm that the ground extended over.


I'll stand behind Fjord.


The tongue is saving a woman tied to a railroad track.


Retcon.


No, but how close we are to Vasselheim? What's the plan of attack in Vasselheim? How big is his army? We get five questions, I think, with Speak with Dead.


Oh, thank you, Jester. I get uncomfortable. I don't hug her back, but I gently give her one pat.


I set fire to the place, some shit went down, dinosaurs were harmed, but I know you got the smoke signal and used that to attack.


I prepared a history lesson tonight. It's a history of crates. Ancient Greece: Zeus presents a lovely crate to the first woman on earth, a lovely gal named Pandora. It contained death and evil, corrupted the world forevermore. Egypt: 1957, the Ark of the Covenant-- sort of a crate; it carried the Ten Commandments-- is opened by Colonel Dietrich and Dr. Rene Belloq. Ghosts fly out, and it melts the faces of several Nazis, while Indiana Jones hides his face. Los Angeles, California, 1995: Rookie detective David Mills, played by Brad Pitt, receives a cardboard crate from murder suspect John Doe! It contains the head of his girlfriend, Gwyneth Paltrow. Your town, present day: you receive a small, expertly constructed crate that contains geek chic gear and apparel from The Walking Dead, Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday the 13th, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and Halloween! Now, which would you rather get? The Ark of the Covenant? Pandora's box? A box with Gwyneth Paltrow's head in it? Or a Loot Crate, which you can use code CriticalRole to get 10% off your monthly crate. Guys, I think there's only one choice.


We Treestride, we get a ship, and then--


A mineral. (all laugh)


We'll figure it out. Everybody, so thank you guys so much. I don't really have anything more to say other than thank you.


And it doesn't hurt anymore.


And I'm going to tell the golem to walk quietly and stealth. Or attempt to, as best as he can.


Because we're not trying to go down, we're trying to find the tunnels.


That's unexpected. Could you point me in the direction of a library?


I'm going to try to disarm it.


Nice. Great, that's it.


I'll put it in the pocket of the outfit I'm about to put on. And then the ring and the bracers?


Avoid it, yeah.


Yeah? I guess I'll be in the front. Percy, have you done a lot of talking to Pelor?


He's killing the memory of Scanlan.


There was some damage, though. It was what?


He's not waiting!


The best, the best one.


You guys go. I'm going to tear it down. I'll be okay. I'll meet you there.


What? I've been doing it wrong this whole time.


I'm going to hold my action until I can move.


Cool trick!


All right, we're going in the little sphere. Here we go.


Or like Keyleth.


Jesus Christ. Whoever that is.


I can bring her back.


I know! I don't want to!


Can I put my head in the jug?


What can I do?


Counterspell! 5th-level. Fuck it.


No, it was already open, remember?


Not this time.


Feet touching the ground?


You were scrying on the death knight, not Vecna!


Okay. Natural 19. Plus three so 22.


Count Duke.


And an eight.


I'm going to cast Bane.


I'm totally okay with that.


If they don't see us, it doesn't matter what they look like.


What about you becoming a spy?


I mean, well done, rogue.


Oh, throw it at me. Okay.


Ah, badass!


It's this famous tale of the Princess Bride. Don't worry about it.


Nice. I love it.


I'm a barbarian.


Next time? We're about to go fight fucking Vecna.


Ah-ah-ah. The gift-wrapping? (all laugh)


Great! When he's prone, do I get advantage on attacks?


Cult-ish, maybe.


The dragon? Yes. That night was so amazing because we had, we made it a winter festival. So we all came in our pajamas. It was close to Christmas, that's why it was a winter festival. It was like our little Christmas party.


I'm taking three shots at one of the gems on the wall.


Sorry. I tried my best.


(incoherent rage shouting)


He's missing a lip.


Tiberius, me and you?


That hits. Actually, I crit only with my guns on a 19, right? I don't crit with my sword?


I look in the crate.


I'll also go around back.


If you all want to just walk on to your quarters, you will have two guards and two of our crew members who will see you walk on.


It's definitely a large amount of risk-taking already.


It's not working.


You need to relax, breathe in, breathe out. Okay, I got it. Here we go.


Oh, so there's a cavern opening?


Yeah, just like a smiley face, but with tusks.


Sounds wonderful.


Over every part of the wall?


Keyleth, can you shape something?


Fantastic. Bouldergut! I'll call the ogre up to just board their ship and stay on the gangplank between ours and theirs.


We got a natural 20.


I'm starved.


Oh, someone roll for Yasha.


Yeah. This one, does he look like a circus performer? Is he filthy like me?


All right. Let's do this.


Oh, so there's no disadvantage roll for him to make here, is there?


I step forward now behind Scanlan. Super fucking intimidating. If things go well upstairs, we'll be back. If when we leave, you make a peep, you won't ever again.


All these people with royal family ties.


And I give her Enhance Ability.


Will we get paid for the monsters and creatures we've already slayed?


Do you think so? It feels like it's an intimate thing.


And I love you guys. I love you guys so much.


Four gold for two rooms?


Little pebbles. Tiny pebbles that I can recognize.


I go to box five.


Yeah? Okay.


Whoa, wait, what? Two? Wait? Huh?


Can I see Cassandra?


And then Molly.


The nut-flicking part?


Yeah, I did, but I'll show it off again. It's a really awesome Power Rangers shirt, with the classic Megazord.


What? Who would have a door on the roof?


The barracks will be our last stop, I believe. Just because it's outside the city proper and it's up the hill. We might be able to stay at the Alcove, which is a magic shop that used to be in town. I know the proprietor, or I did, if he's still alive.


I get that vibe.


We have a long way to walk, so is that what we're doing?


Can I see how many men, now that we're close, how many are above deck?


Oddly, I feel okay too.


I'm going to tell him you said that.


Well then, maybe she doesn't lead the way. (laughter)


I wave my hands a little bit and say, "I suggest you help this one find the things that we are looking for," and I cast Suggest.


To this? 15.


Oh, you have to be raging?


I'm also putting my rank and title and letting them know that I'm willing to--


Are we at a table or the bar?


Do you want me to hold it?


He makes that strength check! (laughter)


It doesn't do it! Damn it! Then as my bonus action, can I still give him an inspiration dice to do on like saving...?


No, I'm done.


I'm not going to pay for it. You're not going to sell this; I want it. Right?


Do I see the fairy leader?


That's so true.


Get the lodestone!


Right, so just like the internet, if you say it, it's real. Come here, boys.


Yeah, I know. We did kill FernGully.


Technically, I dragged her away, but you know, D&D is funny with what is known and not.


Punching damage!


It's been hit or miss.


I wouldn't steal from your mother, and if I did, we would solve the crime.


I want to get rid of the dragons, now.


You mean when you bared your teeth at me four times?


Guys, tune in every week for this kind of intense action.


The Naughty Pig.


Forget about that.


I'm blind!


Excellent news. Very glad to hear that.


Yes. So serious.


And I reload.


We're going to another plane?


Sure. You know what? I think I'll move up a few feet, and I'll also take Anastasia and put her a little further forward, but at a safe distance from these people.


Sorry, that was my fault.


Let us conclude our business.


I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on the Elder Brain and shoot Hail of Thorns into the Elder Brain.


Yeah, well. You're going to roll well when it counts.


It's Abjurist Noja.


Fuck, yeah!


I have. I've been there before.


I put the glove of blasting on my left hand.


I would like that. LAURA Okay.


We're in the pentagram, penta--


That doesn't sound good.


Get ready for November's enchanting theme Magical! We've cast a powerful, ancient spell to deliver you this 100% exclusive crate. Featuring bewitching items from Doctor Strange, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Big Trouble in Little China. And more! Use the promo link: lootcrate.com/criticalrole.


