Is the chimney wide enough for me to fit in? Santa Claus-style?


Oh, it looked like a one from this angle. Still pretty terrible.


Opportunity. Honestly. There's a dragon's perch, and he is vacated, and it will probably never happen again as far as we know.


She's attuning.


What do we do with Algar?


As he runs off I cast Greater Invisibility on myself.


Four. I rolled four.


So fast, but so weak.


I'm not an elf. Not an elf.


Yeah, you would! We've learned about vampires. We know they turn into mist.


Why did we even bother to plan?


What's the time limit on that? It's the end of the month, right, on the delivery. And we're at the beginning of this month, or the middle--


What are you at, girl?


All right, can we do something now, please?


It was a pretty fucking dope thing. Okay. Here is the thing, this reputation you keep talking about? That you are so deeply concerned about--


Smash and grab. You could go in there and get that thing, be out before they even saw you in there.


Feels like it's weighing on you. It's amazing what a good book can do, it gets its grips into you.


I'm just saying, if he took out a magical spectacle and knows we're full of shit, we're all gonna die.


I'll take my Gauntlets of Ogre Power back, strength back up to 19.


All right, I tunnel, then! Fucking hell!


Stupid, I know. That's what Vax does.


And our counterparts? The rest of our party, have they returned? Have they checked in yet?


Yeah. We'll make sure, we'll keep you on the outsides with those that are not, you know, can't take a good walloping.


I want to-- Can I show him the ring?


I have a package here, probably.


(igniting sound) I'll cast it under that, and you can be the source of light.


Yeah, I guess.


Other bits of concentration.


Oh my god, that was almost a one. But it's not. It's a 19.


Can I heal myself up first?


And that's canon, folks.


You know, I know Grog very well, and he might enjoy, or be inspired by, a kiss of a female. I'm just saying, just the gentle kiss of a female lips on his might rouse him.


We grabbed it before it sank.


What do I roll? Do I roll the 20?


Okay, we are definitely going to visit this place called Hupperdook.


Oi! Oi, you there, boy! (laughter)


I don't know if Kiri would. She'd probably be cool with it.


This was not the plan, for the love of god help us!


They've heard that before.


It's solid. It's hefty. It's one of the better hammers I've ever wielded.


Hm? Glug glug glug? Well, all right.


Where are they?


Buttons.


This is such a phenomenally interesting disaster. No, okay, I've got some plans. I'm going to--


Also, I assume it is out of my reach price-wise, and I'm on a budget, but do you deal in arcane knowledge? Pre-prepared scrolls of any kind?


What's going on?


Come back when you're ready. Come back again. Train yourself, and I, personally, will be your mentor.


What are we going to do with a mast?


Our front door creaked open when we came in?


I'm feeling a little weary. Does anyone want to help me out a little bit?


Yeah, parts of one. It could be a hodge-podge of everything


Whoa, Grog.


I think we should hide it and then open it up when we're in front of Allura.


It's very bright. Super bright.


Poor guard.


How long of a process is this, that we're talking?


Really? It's that close? Okay.


It'll be good for our taxes.


Look at all that vapor.


For the Haste?


I can take the first watch. I'd like to stay outside for a little bit.


It's an evil portal. Yeah.


They're not talking, there's just tongues in ears.


It'll be fine. And if you can't do the mansion, I know where I can go get some work done.


He'd have to play on a bearskin carpet.


Yeah. You're lucky we didn't shave your beard. Yeah.


I feel like a handful of tieflings and Grog is better than us as we are.


All right, Fjord!


Yeah, is there any kind of bugs or any-- bugs.


How wide are the tunnel entrances?


Okay. I should've learned Speak With Plants from Keyleth. I'm going to sink down and I'm going to take my armor off and try to feel the bark beneath my back.


No, in fact, you pulled down your mask, which you don't normally do in battles.


Is it permanent?


Are we allowed to attack, or no?


Second is a 15. First is total shit, second is a 15.


Yeah, I feel like you may be less noticeable than a purple me.


I'm going to craft that thing that I've been wanting to craft, so that was, that we talked about.


You mentioned that there were only remnants of my mother that came back. Was she defeated by the kraken, or do you think this was from another means? Do you have any more information on her?


Okay. And one more for bonus. Killing Machine. That's a trick; it's a Dolph Lundgren movie.


I know, it's hard to think right now.


Yeah. And your grandfather lives in this area as well.


Don't you fly away from me, motherfucker!


Okay. 35. 70.


Well, I will not promise that now. What I can promise right now is some access to materials from Whitestone, which-- and I show him my gun hilt, which is embedded with the gems. I can see what's still lying around, and we can make a deal. I can also promise that for the reconstruction, once this has been dealt with, which is in everybody's best interest, until such time as there's a functioning government in this city, you will be treated with the respect appropriate of a group of people who are helping keeping the city functional.


It's an old person. (laughter)


No saving from it?


Sure. Okay. So that didn't work. For my action, I would like to steal a bonus kiss from Keyleth of the Air Ashari.


Oh, so no party.


Oh, terrible.


The glands?


Oh, so we're no longer with Marion?


Maybe they weren't targeting anyone specific, just coming to grab folks, and those were the ones that were awake, or closest to the road, or--


I lose these every time, no matter how low it is. Eight. Nope. That's a six minus one, which is five. (laughter)


So when you're dominated, does that mean charmed?


Off the table. Nothing. (others continue to laugh)


I'll be with Nott.


He does?


This is straight up Metal Gear. (all laugh)


We still have to get across this body of water. You said there's something swimming down there.


Aw yeah, baby!


Yes, that sounds good.


He's incredibly trustworthy and he worships like crazy.


Realism.


Keep singing!


Ooh, that's not as great. That's a 15.


Bribing the crew in front of the captain.


That's all of us.


Like a train?


No, bonus action was the potion, no? Can't the potion be a bonus?


It's a three-inch-thick piece of pane and steel.


Can you take a healing potion in case he starts to digest you some more?


Well, also I've written a lot of letters.


It gets to act first.


No, just tell me what it is, Caleb!


Then anything right now?


Jester's face pushes through the door!


What's a lot?


Great, so very successful trip. Stopping down.


Unless they knew that you would think that.


39 for me.


Carry the one. Carry the three.


Shit! What's the quickest way through? Can I get through everybody and go this way? Yeah, I'm going to do that. Excuse, me. Sorry. Pardon me. Excuse me.


That's right. You sure you don't want to sell off any of your extra wares?


You have 60 seconds, but I have more knuckles.


She looks like a fucking macabre mess! What happened?!


Not immediately.


That's something else.


I don't know how it works, but I'm going to drink it anyway.


Let's hire new guards.


She's just so cute, you know?


Casualties of war.


I'm actually really impressed with this fucking character.


Oh, that's awful. Nine points of normal damage, three points of necrotic, three points of psychic.


I think I come wandering in about the point where they're saying "Hello, bees," because this is really all I want.


Do I see anything that looks like it could be a potentially good area for them to cast a spell without being noticed?


I was encouraged until he got creepy with the talking.


So that's a two, but I'm gonna use Luck. I get ad-- 20.


You're incredible!


I moved and I action so bonus action? Is there some?


Yeah, we'll do it now.


Closest thing to law that exists here.


Listen, he is very busy right now with his meditation garden.


Well, they kind of teach me new things.


Byeee.


Hey, Scanlan!


But I heard that, so  You're not going to go?


You're using too-big words.


They weren't particularly connected until the very end, he was dead before they were actually connected.


You're not listening to me because you're unconscious. (laughter)


Will you start running for us again, please?


Oh god. And I'm going to fire a Bramble Shot at the eyes, and I'm Sharpshooter.


No, stop.


Is there a spirit in the room? Make it known if you're there.


Oh, okay! Still keeping my Heat Metal spell up.


When you damage a creature that's-- yep.


I guess I'll use my dash to go forward and see what’s going on.


Febron, is that where the thing is, that we're going?


Oh good, no, it's fantastic. That invited so many good thoughts in my mind. I don't mind anything at this point. I mean, what?


But it was in darkness, right? So none of us actually saw it.


Of our destruction? Of our doom?


How do you feel about it?


Let me look at that. I have no idea what that is.


Yennan! Can you hold until morning?


I think, as a return customer, you can offer us more of a deal than that.


What if we go to a mine? We could go straight to a source, buy direct?


Wait. Before we go up, I take the cask of ale and I grow some pretty flowers on it, and I make a nice pretty bow and I shine it up a little.


Right here. I'll give you these boots if you tell me.


Or just me. How about just me? I've got a question, though. Here's the thing: if you think that they know what I look like, don't you think they know what you look like? Because you look just like me. So what difference does it make if I'm there or not?


Ey oh ey, good morning!


I can't smack him again with the bonus action.


But it's half-collapsed, it would not be very protected.


Been a little distracted.


Artisanal garlic.


Do we have anybody with a criminal background search the vehicle?


And advantage. With advantage and a d6.


Yeah. I kept one.


(gulps) Watch how it's done. I'm going to put an amount of gold on the table. I'd like you to consider it, and if it's to your liking, take it, and if not, just shake your head. And I'll put 200 gold on the table. I'll put 200 more. I'll put 2,000 more. And another 2,000.


An intelligence check would be 19.


Could we do a quick inventory check of how much of these boom sticks that we have, the TNT?


I was just saying.


What are you good for?


I don't even care. Trinket loves it.


(forced) Ha! Yeah. (forced laughter)


Some of those are in there. Also, an incline. It's another simple machine.


This is going perfectly.


Yeah, I'm going to go into the mansion as well.


(deep voice) Go faster!


I'll go stand in front of the three dots.


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. (weapon crack) Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for... lady favors. Also ale!


Ugh! No! What? The base of the fucking tree?


I haven't seen Vax yet. I haven't seen what happened.


Yes. It was really good.


Ah, well, go fuck yourself. And I put the blanket over it.


Listen, all of you, or I, are going to be dead very soon. Are you sure you want to be that sarcastic right now?


We do have an airship.


Died in disgrace, as well. Plot to overthrow the sultan.


Oh, maybe I can just wear that. That's a good idea.


He said disadvantage.


You made the rest of us look and feel like shit?


Ooh, no. You know what I should disguise myself as? The sermon guy. Yeah.


I've been doing this a while. It might be the weirdest thing I've produced. It's frickin weird. Yeah, whole thing's bizarre.


This is what will happen. Those who can go stealth, we will creep up there. I will go invisible myself. I will be in front. You closely behind me.


You were so brave in here!


Six, I have enough, there's a four, this is terrible, help me count, eight.


Oh, all right. Gilmore has an in  he said we just need to mention his name and we're through. We can send Tiberius through.


All right. Hugs, hugs, hugs. (laughter)


Press all four buttons at once, although we've got at least three sharpshooters--


There should be an annoyance check. This is so great.


There's a farmer's market!


He dislikes you even less. He just hates everyone.


Per round? Because as a rogue, you could do sneak attack damage and then on an attack of opportunity, you could do sneak attack damage.


Like an altar?


It means he doesn't have to make death saves at least for the moment, but probably could use some healing and I've already used all my actions.


Attached to a rope and a grappling hook that's in my hand.


Can I use a bonus to feed her a potion, or is that a full action?


So he didn't send you here to hurt us?


The cart?


I instinctively cover my penis. (laughter)


Just don't worry about it. (laughter)


Okay. I didn't know if he was a phantom or something.


Okay. 14, 21--


I do Wall Of Stone.


(gasping) Oh, guys! Guys, it was the shirt! And now I feel better!


It reminds me of my friend.


Yeah. You distappeared. (all laugh)


I know what he's about to do to me right now. I know what Matt's going to do.


I keep looking. Keeping watch. Listening.


I'd rather it go to you.


(drunkenly) Yep.


Hopefully still there. 30 days.


The Drowned Nest? Do they have a tavern at The Drowned Nest?


By the way, if anyone wants to make us a little six-square carpet, that would be awesome!


Okay. Yeah. Wow. I have a friend who wants to know about the fruit. He's wondering if the fruit is souls? If he can eat the fruit.


Song and Supper Inn?


The Archive.


Hey, the t-shirts are sold out already. They're now sold out. They bought all of them.


How long would it take me to fly over if I was a bird?


I subtly pick up the head from the ground.


Yeah. [hat plays tinny, high-pitched "Scotland the Brave"]


Around all of us, yeah. So Keyleth, too, you get a rope, as well. You get a rope! You get a rope!


Iva. Pleasure to meet you.


This is scary and dangerous work.


Big golden scissors, but we put them in our pocket and forgot that we had them.


This is how it's going to work. I'm going to take it out, I'm going to have you go, I'm going to remove it from its hiding place while you go get the rest of them from upstairs.


Thanks, Vex.


A thousand apologies, my lord, I'll take your sister and make sure she gets her medicine.


We could just ambush the last one.


Wouldn't a roll of a one with a rifle misfire?


As I see this happening, I run over and go like, this looks like a lot of fun!


Are you inside the mansion?


From being attacked. They get attacked if they get near you.


Up what hole? Up the butt?


That's fine. It wasn't about the strength!


We might need to do all three at the same time?


Yep, we did.


Can we ask what you saw?


Yeah, it's legit.


Nobody's tried talking yet?


Caducey, do something.


That wasn't bad. I could get used to that.


We should check out what's in that other hall.


Yeah, I think absolutely.


Took three rolls and a bonus.


Books.


That didn't go as well as I thought.


It's true. And heading towards the Anvil.


Damn it, I can't say it now.


19 for Grog. 18 for Vex.


Oh my god, I'm so with you right there.


We sit down in front of him.


Can I use a reaction on that?


Yeah. Let's not and say we did.


What is your name? I'm so sorry. I'm Pike, it's very nice to meet you.


And you got rubies all over you and stuff!


I'm going to drop down. I'll let go of the broom. I'm going to just fire blind where I heard the noise coming from.


Oh, within 30 feet of me.


No, I'm not relatively low.


I think if David Bowie can't keep you alive, I don't know what can. Original War of the Worlds and The Day the Earth Stood Still prints?


When I chew, my jaw goes to one side. It's fucking weird.


Hey. Took a little walk.


Oh, in my drink?


Remember it took a while to walk from one to the other. And we're only taking the skiff in.


Better question.


He's grappled?


It's once per turn.


Yep. I'm going to hold my attack until something stupid shows me its face.


You want to go by Dolan's house?


Mattresses are springy here!


Could be dragon eggs.


Yeah, he might not have it.


Okay. 13 plus four is 17.


You'll be fine. I like this plan.


Don't tell anyone what you saw here, though, right?


That's an eight and a seven plus ten. So--


It was pretty easy.


I don't like to show them off.


Free food, Grog.


Not bad, not bad. Hang on, sorry. Just my straight modifier, it's not a save? Okay, 18!


No, the other corner. Yeah a little coverage, there we are.


I agree, I think you just need a nice coat.


And I roll it?


Because--


No, no, no. Let's wait here for a second. Frumpkin, my boy, will you please go ahead?


Okay. So we're up to 16. Not very much. Ooh, that's good. 29 total.


(scoffs) No, we would never!


That's you. I pull the mask away. This is my good friend. She's a goblin.


I'm going to go over to the sphere and say to it: I command thee to respect my authority and obey me as your new master.


That's the cutest fucking wand!


I don't know what I'm doing here!


12 points.


Looking snazzy, Vax.


He has potentially three rounds until he dies.


Not everyone's a retired person or a college student. Somebody's got to actually clean that place up. (laughter)


Watch out for that tree.


Advantage versus magic on saves.


Can you switch dice? That would be cool.


Is that what you think I sound like?


Oh, you didn't add ten to your stealth. Pass Without a Trace.


There's-- what's left?


Actually, Clarota got you out of that castle alive.


I'm waiting for them to break up, and I suppose we're packing the spider up to bring topside.


No Dust of Tracelessness this time as we head to the western wall.


No one has any resistance, spell resistance?


Sure, I got 30 minutes left of this 9th-level spell.


Other people's dice.


The brief moment that I was in my own guise nothing changed up here, so I look exactly the way I did this morning.


Six plus four. Ten!


Who do I see on the front door, by the way, really? What did he look like? I don't know who he was, but--


38. Is that just straight?


Oh, and here, these very valuable--


Oh for god's sake. I pull out a big thing of string.


So three murals. Three creatures-- beings. Three chosen ones. And three different eyes in each.


But does he have anything else useful, like keys?


Oh god. I had to get past this emotional chapter so I could get through the next one. (laughter)


You need to let your soul glow.


Are you asking-- Oh you're asking me.


Is that a d12?


Other things, what else is in the room?


I will say, we all failed in reading it, also--


You got it. We're with you. Life or death.


Oh, you haven’t heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel’s Spectacular Traveling Troupe where he learned the ways of the world, and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he’s never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he’ll support his allies, but rarely draws blood unless it’s to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


Or the guy in front of you.


I would like to announce that I am so goddamn happy to be back in this room.


Oh boy. Don't fall.


I think we just need to cool it.


Is he in defense now?


But we skipped over my brother.


It’s like watching the Olympics.


With the trapdoor, yep.


Yeah, 19 and 16.


On his way.


Your heart? The Apricot is your heart?


Happy Thanksgiving.


Dropped him.


Is Riskel anywhere in town?


You're cursed?


I walk over to Pike and put my feet in the water with her, stand on the edge.


Oh, yes -


Well, we may be able to get that back. How are you planning on hiding your fellow warriors from the dragon so as not to attract its attention? Because we may have some ideas.


Do you live on a high floor or a low floor?


Kaylie got sick of chicken about two weeks in, so she's got me on this vegan thing. (sighs) She says it'll make me last longer and feel healthier and stuff.


I didn't see a door.


Coming in from the Feywild.


Check paintings, behind the paintings, check the bed for any odd slidey bits.


And I had Gilmore enchant a very simple enchantment to each of them, so it won't-- you won't have to focus or attune to it--


Hot damn!


Big six.


If you turn the bag inside out--


Nine instead of 18 is what you would've taken for it.


With disadvantage!


I get a free Disguise Self that doesn't actually count against any of my slots.


How thick is the book?


This fucking asshole, am I right? This fucking asshole.


Too big for me. I know my limits.


We're in a tomb with ghosts. We have to continue on.


There's going to be a thing that comes out there, I think.


Getting a lot of great tweets already.


We could. I know there are five, but I think we use this funnel point as a fatal funnel, right? We make them come through one at a time. We send some bait, bring them back through, but only when we're ready. What do you think?


In which of those places? In the--


Yeah, but was he recognizable? Did we leave him looking like that dude at the end of The Last Crusade after he drank from the wrong cup?


I run to the kitchen. I put together something that is not quite, but probably a hot sauce, with half a raw egg, and shot of something that is quite possibly but not quite some sort of fantasy variant of tequila.


No, you're taking it too-- relax a little. Do you want some ale?


7th-level's something fierce, though.


Avoided the banhammer.


No, no! No.


We're at the end of the world, my friend.


And can I cast War God's Blessing on her and give her a plus ten? For an attack roll?


Oh! That's not the first upside-down elf man kiss I've ever had, but it's probably top three.


We have to go. We'll come see you again, Hieris.


Yeah. Do you know anyone who knows how to get down to the Sluice Weave, or has ever been there, by any chance?


I have 13 left?


It's possible the key is now inside of a giant's stomach. In which case, it still would be inside of someone. Just a different someone.


I'm casting it at level two.


Four, oh, hold on, I'll save that four. 20. Okay.


Recast!


Some sort of, like, concubine thing? I don't know! What if he's creepy or freaky like that!


Hey, what?


Against 16.


You know someone there?


We'll divvy it up later.


It was really hard to not.


Who's your deity? Harvey Keitel? (More laughing)


Uncanny Dodge!


It's probably General Krieg's place.


What was your dad's name?


I do not. There's no plus anything?


Hey, Nott, do you want to-- just stand by me.


Shit! I thought it was just a really big giant, and then I remembered it was a titan.


She's all melee as shit.


I thought we were all going to dress up tonight.


We're already cruising.


You don't even know if it's a good guy.


Give what back?


Oh, hi! Nott's hiding something.


No wonder you said hands off!


This is what I'm estimating--


No, but seriously! If you want to, feel free.


Slytherin.


Can I look for toad tracks?


They are in Zadash. They made a shipment.


I'll put the first shot at that, and then shift the next two to the other one.


Oh god. I really want my cat, but maybe--


Or three of us could each have one.


You've got very little brain, don't you?


Ugh. Kittens. Ugh. Nachos. Ugh.


Ooh, good question.


The hell is wrong with us tonight?


That's what I was going to try.


That's fine. Did we figure out what the constitution of this creature was, by the way?


It moved! (laughter)


It's Modeth?


I am drunk! (laughter)


Just saying, you might feel more comfortable with a loose fitting sort of cloak?


You can sneak up, take a look, rob it, and then throw a stick of dynamite in just because, if we're going to be those people. What happens if he's actually there?


We should write this stuff down.


Yeah, I'm going to walk over and sit down at his table.


Thank you, I guess.


I feel pretty good now.


Well, I'm assuming if he's got the statue of--


I'm picturing those big creatures that are in The Dark Crystal. You know what I'm talking about?


Is there a front desk?


Okay. So that was-- okay, two plus seven is nine. Nine, ten, 11, 12, 18, 23, 29, 33, 66 for the first attack, darling.


The entire party's intelligence goes to one.


Just out of curiosity, one check for undead really quickly.


Plus there's a link in your Twitter account, right?


Are they written on the tags like a school play?


Jesus fucking Christ!


Hey, the gnome is at the door. Can someone let the gnome in?


I don't want to die!


You know what? That's fair, I'll take that. That was a good one.


No, there's a dead guy walking around with us. That's unsettling. That's unsettling to my very core, I've got to admit, but you know.


And, I assume that there's some kind of light on the--


I take out the necklace and throw it at her feet. Or on the table in front of her.


I hold Trinket back so that he doesn't go after him.


Classic Percy.


Kima was here.


Insight?


This is just my gut reaction though. MARISHA. Even if you're impressed, we pretend like we're not. Pretend like you're not impressed.


The entire Tri-Spire?


Yes it is!


Well, I'm going to find out one way. I'll call over Bouldergut. Bouldergut, do me a favor and lob this over onto the other ship, would you?


(English accent) Who goes there? What is this, what have you brought?


Well, I was hoping to buy a little bit more black powder from you, if possible, and I'm curious if you had anything else for sale, and I wanted to ask you a couple of questions, just about other customers again.


I turn into Minxie form and go off in the corner and curl up in the corner.


This is Thorlaxalux, my financial advisor.


Do we have your word that we have completely safe passage? We don't have to worry about any other sort of monsters getting us in our sleep on the way there?


See, part of our problem is sometimes-- always, we grab the first opportunity in front of our fucking faces, so--


I'm helping her, I'm giving her the old (grunting).


Yes, there were two big ogres as well. And duergar aplenty-- maybe four dozen or so, three dozen?


I'm wearing, like, a Scientology unibody underwear underneath-- (all laugh)


White eyes?


Wait! Can we have an aerial battle over water? Let's do it!


And I will also go to look for Dr. Dra and Kaylie at some point.


Trinket, go sleep with Vax.


Should we bring it with us?


Like a gentleman?


Ability checks.


Vex, Vex, Vex! Vex, Vex, Vex, Vex, Vex!


Oh! 13. 13, because I'm at a negative one.


Getting bored sitting in the water out here.


I can also change us whenever we feel like being something else.


Oh, prepare to be GIF'd, Mercer.


Excellent!


Thanks, Loot Crate.


Sure, and Allura came down and saw it-- no, I gave it to Allura.


Yeah, I go knocking on his door the next night.


Is that melee or just outside of it?


We're going to kill all of them!


I could do a young brass, young white dragon, or a wyvern. Or I could have another Scanlan.


Did you get aged?


We'll head towards the old Sun Tree!


You said we can see the end of this passageway, but not what's beyond it.


Yeah, sure.


What are your thoughts?


I don't wear a shirt, so.


Yeah? I look at my brother. All right, cool. Keep going.


Pull out a squeaker, Travis, c'mon.


I'm going to make that melee attack against him. Reckless, bitch. Oh, so close to a 19. Damn it!


Farther in the dark?


It's real fun playing a character when you don't have their sheet.


Did the people outside hear it?


Yeah, it does.


Can I use the other strike on another?


It's extravagant.


That's the first thing we've ever won. (laughter)


Do you accept cash bribes?


Do you perhaps see the thing beneath the city?


Here's your paintbrush. Sculpt.


So all the way to the tippy-top?


Tag.


In the Tri-Spire?


Yeah. He's looking into the water, which makes me nervous about the water, because what could come out of it?


Okay, and does that count for the traps, as well?


Yeah, the punk teenagers made fun of him?


I don't realize she's doing it.


Let's go mingle.


Just stands there?


Who's laughing now, Billy? Who's laughing now?


Just stare back.


Wait, we're not on your ship anymore.


You could also hire us.


Should I?


Oh. My. God. This is the best day of my entire life.


Now you die.


I'm surrounded by shit.


Pick fast. 12.


You know what, this is like an electricity between you guys.


I'm searching for a door, as a bat.


Yes, you can definitely trust me.


-- on the elven cloak? Oh.


A kraken.


Dive, dive!


It is delightful, isn't it?


Perhaps we can compare books later?


I've heard of the material, but does it have any other magical properties?


It's covered in gold.


Less of a cemetery, more of a graveyard. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.


Yes! I'm sex checking.


Bodies. Lots of bodies.


Have I ever seen an outfit like that before?


Wow. Straight to it.


Throw your throwing stars!


No, we found Dolan last night. He's going to stay put in his house, low. We're going to try and assure that he's safe so that he can, you know, put his name up for that High-Richter seat.


That is good enough for me. Good night.


Classic Tiberius.


Old timer! I'm sorry to bother you, I don't see a mariner's office around here. Is that your rowboat?


But there's only two survivors in there, right?


Is it Lord Zanror, by the way? I may request an audience with Lord Zanror at some point. With your supervision.


When you want to grab something for yourself, you let me know, and you go grab it for yourself, I don't have to be a part of it. When we choose one objective together, I can only trust that you are in it with us. We can be selfish as a group, and then be selfish as individuals.


That was such church youth trip flirting!


Okay. I will touch it with Shocking Grasp, cast Shocking Grasp on it.


We should just let it pass.


Do you have any pieces or remnants or items from the Mentiri Prison? Specifically from the Bastion of Flesh?


Oh, that's fine. Are we all ready to go?


This is true. We're going to be within 60 feet of you, very stealthily.


Are there any magic-users in the room?


Okay. I bet-- how much gold do I have?


Just little fairies, sneezing fairies, around here.


You get to do a fireside chat.


Very similar to the ones surrounding you.


How far up is he from us?


Oh, right! So we could go back in the little storage room.


Millions. It's very large.


I have three from The Gentleman.


(sings) We're up all night in the dark, we're up all night in the dark.


Scroll down to the bottom of the page, there's a button for that.


Wait, we already know what the islands are. Swavain Islands. I can't even read my writing. That's where we were told Avantika is.


So early 30s?


Strut!


Oh! And I'm going to do one more thing. I'm going to pull out a healing draught bottle, and give it to-- no, you can heal things.


He made some bad decisions, and now you're eating it--


-- and their abilities.


The double-sloop. The reverse-cowgirl. I know 'em all. I've got the itsy-bitsy spider.


No, I'm saying we need to go collect some of the ashes of the dead from upstairs.


Don't touch that.


Can I be any closer so I wouldn't have that?


You knocked me off the roof.


So you're going to do a Loot Crate ad, man.


While we're looking at that, I'll take the seaweed that we used as camouflage before. You know the thing where you put an orange on your mouth? I'm going to do that with seaweed.


Duke Gonad.


Technically advantage because it's kind of the truth?


Should I try pulling up the hammer and see if that does something? Okay, I'll try and pull the chain up to grab the hammer.


It was an 11.


Pinkie's up?


They look like pirates.


We're here for Fjord and we're finding out stuff about him and also we saw my mom.


Oh, right, right, right.


I don't know where they came from.


Natural 20. About fucking time, you little shit!


Casting time  one action, plus ten minutes.


Oh, okay. Get that guy.


Okay. I don't know if I can!


Eye squint says no.


Pours a soul in.


Good skirt around there, by the way. Well done.


Bullshit!


In chains. Very heavy chains.


They're right above me?


All right. Are you cross with me?


No it's for me, I gave you the ring. That's the deal. I promised it to you and now you have it.


I might just be gone.


Aw, he's got puppy breath. Oh, yes you do. Yes you do.


I figured it would be. I'm just gonna blow eight of the charges, so do you have five more--


We have bugs and cheese.


Often enough?


May I see this? (sniffs) Hmm, Draconiar Noir. (all laugh)


Okay. He'll only be able to see from the sky. We should still do that, though, first.


Where's the inspiration die? Where's the inspiration die?


I don't think it's sneak attack or anything.


Start speaking in Latin.


Okay, I'd like to go around the back of the building and scope it out.


Were you guys paranoid?


I was mentioning Alfield, but really, it's up to him, I guess. I don't care.


That would have been a better excuse. When I was younger, they used to make fun of my teeth.


I can't! With your eyes-- eye? Eye so beautiful! So twinkling when it looks at me! I just want you to hold me in your arm tonight! (laughter)


As long as we know that Allura will send us a message if something goes wrong.


She's taking a shit.


Hear anything, see anything inside?


We're off the rails. We're off the rails.


Sounds Spanish.


Dive, dive, dive, dive!


Like investigation style?


Big dice, big dice. Okay, 19!


That's so great. That's my favorite gift I've ever gotten.


Hit dice, huh? Okay, lots of math going on.


(whispers) Yes. (screams)


Yeah, one. So pretty good.


That's the thing. Can I tell from the physicality? Because you do accents.


We're in the middle of the street. We can't tie them up. We've got to go.


Sure. So what does that do to us?


I'm going to cast Aid on Keyleth.


Diversions! That's what it's called, it's a diversion. All right, may I move, is that a thing?


Well, technically I do still have it. Regardless, I should go ahead and, if there's anyone to talk to, I should talk-- I'm not going to go yet, I'm going to wait 'til you guys have rested, and come down to-- it's pitch-black down here, I'm not running ahead. I'm better at this shit than you and the rest are, so take a rest, I'm going to sit here--


It's all on you.


Might as well.


He's destroying the illusion.


Either me or Taryon. I mean, Doty. Or whoever.


I'm watching all this and highly confused. I'm going to turn on my boots, and I'm going to run down towards the creature, and I'm going to attack it with my silver-laced sword and see what happens.


Yeah, way cooler! I knew he'd bring it through.


Brandon Gilmore?


Yeah, we've got to show-- maybe this jogs Orly's memory. Orly-- why am I showing this to you, but here, here's a piece of a map we retrieved! We'd like to go there. But keep it secret from the rest of the crew.


Is there anything about the humans in particular? Are they wearing anything unusual, or do they have any company with them that might denote why they're allowed to roam about?


Actually, Max! Is this still a thing?


It's okay. I've got this. Beam in his face.


Kiko works.


All right, well I’m not here anyway, so I’m just gonna keep doing this, as you were.


Sure, if I still have a bonus action.


Oh, it's his birthday! (cheering)


Erased.


Can you lead us to Cassandra de Rolo?


Stop rolling that die.


Which might be why you got so distracted. You seem to have such an affinity for cute things. Is there a reason why you like cute things? I'm not saying that not all of us like cute things. We all love cute things, but you seem to really like cute things.


I rolled the same initiative. This is the worst initiative ever.


I yank the druid in for a kiss.


Outfits.


It's not right.


The night isn't over yet.


That's the sound it makes. Phoomph.


Yes, I am, but it's not what you would think. I'm not a bad guy. This is not the place to talk about this. Listen to me. Vex, there will be a time to discuss this, but right now, I'm casting Modify Memory on you.


And I want to throw his ass in the pit. (cheering)


A real pleasure.


I have Sharpshooter, so I can ignore cover.


For one episode. If I get a legitimate Heisman trophy.


I'm the top?


From which potion?


There, that would work, maybe.


Yeah. Hide it.


Most of them.


That is a good idea. That's what I'll do. I'll tree-stride some through.


He said "which direction?" He did not say "Where are you going?" He said "which direction?"


She's not, so. You're pretty cool, too.


Yay! Wait, wait, no. What's your--?


Am I ready to fire?


Thorlaxalux, at your service. I bow gracefully.


15, 16. That 16? Yeah, 16 damage for that, plus my Hunter's Mark. 17.


Well, we have all that awesome proof, right?


Except they're lensed and contained.


Please somebody draw him just sad in his room eating mayonnaise--


The perception check was for at night during a shift?


We need to know what pushes the reset button. Why am I speaking in video game metaphor?


Which one is she flanking? This one in between Beau and I?


32 points of radiant damage and next is advantage.


What do we add?


I had Pike in mind. I channeled her energy.


No, they don't! They don't necessarily.


I do. Doesn't sound right.


We want to enjoy this.


He's putting on-- there's so much there. He's hiding something.


Scanlan, what?


Yeah. We kind of have a plan, but fucking dragons.


I mean, sure, they could write something like that. I would maybe even read it someday.


You've got a staff. You can jam it into a thing on the way down.


Oh wow! Can I make a history to sww if I know anyone in the guild who has been named Rimefang?


Want to kill it.


Obelisks were in Elvish.


Oh. That's nothing. Would you--


Yes. No, we should talk. We should strategize. (laughter and cheering)


Illusion! We need an illusion.


No. My teacher and my captain, Vandren, is the one I saw in this vision, and he had the same sphere. I saw myself through his eyes, and he was holding the sphere and pushing it into his chest. He was also standing over a man. I saw his reflection. He seemed younger, so I don't know when it was, but I didn't know that side of him. He was an exacting man. Firm, but fair, and it just leaves more questions than I have answers to.


The most important thing is that she loves and cares for you, and wants to support you from afar.


I am distracted by looking at this beautiful piece of art.


Man, we've gotta find Larkin.


Are you going to tell me why you went and saw the Raven Queen?


We're going to need you, Pike.


He's really stealthy.


That's what we're doing. While they do that, we're timing the steps out.


Should we get you a rag as well? Just to have on hand like a hanky. So you don't have to do a full bath, you could just do a quick--


Yep, we really did.


Okay, so if-- I'll go over to Jamedi. If we can clear him, is the path you've taken before clear as far as you can see. I don't know which way you went?


A rodent?


I can turn into a horse once more. But if I do, I think that is the last time I can do it today.


All right. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to make (stammers) little balconies.


And I take the Dust of Tracelessness and I, in the back.


I don't know if shells fall out, so be careful.


Oh, that's the worst eraser. It just made a pink smudge across the page.


I'll be fine.


All right. We'll sleep on it.


Like a magic cat.


With Booming Blade, is that just one of my two attacks per action?


Oh, from the grapple, too?


And I was supposed to help bring your brand wherever we went. And I thought that would be possible. We came back from the Underdark. We had a very hard time, some of the hardest weeks of my life. I haven't delivered on my promise. And I mean to, but I haven't yet. I apologize wholeheartedly. I'm sorry.


How did you do that?


Can you see me up in the air?


As I was handing over the money, I looked down and realized that I was buying him in Jeffersons.


I had different hair. Yes, they do.


Do you think it was the little girl?


Yeah. Excuse me! I'm sorry. May I trouble you for a moment? I know this is untoward in the middle of a festival.


That's fabulous.


Wait! Who did they cast as Ms. Marvel?


We have a dog. What the fuck did we just do?


What's that, Vax?


I've never rolled a decent investigation check. It has never happened.


Okay, I look like me, only menacing.


Oh, it's rubbing?


Okay. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.


Fjord. Who's this?


He’s somehow immune to hand-based attacks. What if it were a foot? Would that have the same effect?


We're going to get rained on.


(mock-crying)


Is it covered with anything?


Not me!


Huh, that's weird. Little acidy there.


Already? Already?


He's in a cast. He's been playing with a cast the entire time.


I was thinking about it. I journeyed a little further south. I'm actually looking for someone and I had been meaning to head back that way, anyway. If this is taking us in that direction, if it'll teach us anything more about the, you know, (grunting).


The clerics do not stay together anymore.


Bingo.


Could you fix these?


It looks like it was caved in, actually.


Jester, any interest in chasing down that guy and seeing where the news is gathered? Maybe they could print a retraction.


Of course, I told you--


"When recovered, please deliver to--"


Is Sorad the female goliath?


What if it gets above a certain feet in the air? Can it trigger then?


Some treasures abandon their masters. (laughter)


Why would you get a room at The Pillow Trove?


Okay, 24.


Also apparently he's a wizard that has a beef.


And can we kind of stay under the shadow of the gloomstalker?


I'm looking for markings, indications of instructions, arrows, any hidden words--


The Deadshot. And I also took a negative five hit for a plus ten damage to this shot, and I'm using my fire modifier. I'm just being an asshole. (all laugh)


It won't get us out of here, no.


Let's sit and let Grog catch a breath, shall we?


Is it a d10? Do what now? Roll to hit first?


(singing) How about the power to move you?


Specifically their heads, too?


Okay, so factoring in a couple of things. One is that I see my friend Beauregard getting hammered on by them, which I do not like. Also, I heard some voice from the boat yell out, "Burn it," so out comes the bat guano and sulfur, and slap, and a beam rockets out, 150-foot range, to about here, and erupts.


Cut the red wire!


That they don't talk.


The guy came out and said, "Burn all the slaves"?


No, look, I'm just seeing what it is. Stay, Bessie.


Using the lake to hide tracks.


I'm waving. Hello.


I pull out a bottle of something.


Oh, but what did the man look like who came and grabbed the big robot?


Yes. Well, I'm not going to say have fun, because you're going to a terrible place.


Okay. So it's 24. Okay. So everybody gets 24, is that right?


Yeah, that's all. Ain't nothing else happening. Just taking a look. Yeah, she's got this.


Yeah, I think that's exactly what happened.


Should I check for traps?


I will do that. I'd also like to take one step to the right.


And you said it's 150-ish feet in here, though, to the ceiling?


Dagon, is that your name?


Speaking as a massive liar, I think he is lying to us a little bit.


And we got a very fancy hat out of it.


I stop, about-face, and light up my hands and keep the hood up. And just say, I know you're there. What do you want, and who are you? Keep the hood up.


"Beau is going at the same time as the cabinet."


DM, can I ask, is his name Trick-a-tick-a-ting-tong? What was his name?


No, we go fast. We go.


This is where being at the end of everything is great.


(whispers) Secrets.


Doesn't have handles.


He created them for us.


I guess you can help me out?


Yeah. We don't want to be a part of this.


I wake up and I go  Fight Club! I run towards whatever I see first. Do I see the wolf? Do I see the goblins?


If anyone owns criticalrole.com, message us back.


At least we all see that.


Maybe it's only one point of damage!


"Hi, folks! Handsome Sam Riegel here. Only thing more handsome than me is this here Loot Crate, featuring X-X-X."


I am going to try very hard not to die.


I guess I'm Wade


What does his armor class raise by?


D&D Beyond's watching going, "Fuck you, Nott!"


(disgusted noise) Eight.


Okay, are there any-- does it look like-- do we see any cavern openings in the vicinity? Does it look like there's any?


Sh, sh!


It's not my strongest, but it's okay.


Ja. Here we go. Dang it! Total of 21 fire damage.


I'm gonna hang out by the door, I'm gonna let him hang out.


I'm all right, thank you.


Okay, I'm going to move my Hunter's Mark over to that dude (radar sounds) and then I'm going to attack him with sharpshooter!


Well, dispel your own shit.


I don't have advantage on--


I don't. I mean, I can cast it right now.


All right. All right. What's her real name?


I'm going to attempt to do that thing I've seen Beauregard do so many times and foof up my biceps and look intimidating.


I thought I might be flanked.


That's okay. With our legs... lower back, you know.


I'll stay up for two hours.


We're not within the distance of 80, so they wouldn't be able to hear the orb.


It's powerful. Then I'll turn to our new friend Gern, and I will inspire him. I'll say, please, help us, and to inspire you I will sing you a song. And I will sing--


God bless you.


Miss. Second one hits.


Sorry, I had a bit of split pea soup that's just disagreeing with me, it's all right. Yep.


Let's open the other cage.


That'll hit anything.


Okay, then I'm going to attack it with a regular-ass arrow that does more damage, probably-- natural 20-- than a fucking Lightning Arrow.


A celestial hand reaches out of the clouds.


Sweet! 20.


I lay down on the sand and just close my eyes.


I can take Pike and we can do it.


The colors determine the--


Is Beau-- is her face all jibbity-jacked, or is it pretty normal-looking at this point?


What's "cellular?"


Yep, this is the critical which is seven, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 with fire damage.


All right. Everybody hop on Vex's broom.


So if I miss, end up in that gland, that would be not good.


Steady!


Ooh! 28.


That was my eight-sided die. I'm trying to efficient my rolls.


Ooh, yeah, maybe that's the guy.


Pull her out!


Yeah, we have another two and a half hours on this watch.


We need to get everyone away from it.


You were knocked out.


Silence. (laughter)


We just said goodbye to you.


Who? You?


Does anybody know-- have we told anybody at home what that actually is?


So there'd be no way to build something to create a feedback loop?


Did you add your ten to the final one? It was 38 on the final.


Oh my god, are you serious?


Grog has a very discerning taste.


That's what I was going to try to do, yeah. Anything that's small enough, I'm going to try to mend. Small holes.


Oh shit, Percy.


And Gnomish!


Underdark.


Ooh! Sounds scary.


Well. Oh, I can--


Be nice to him, Trinket!


Do I roll for Yasha, too?


Are they big?


Oh, that's better. I was like  Mm, okay.


Occasional drawings. There's no penises drawn in this book so I don't think you'd be interested.


And then we've got the picture. So we'll pass that around while we're doing the set up.


And he has the heart-stone of the Fire Elemental Plane living inside of him.


Yeah. We're in new territory.


How's it going down there? Have you found it yet?


Further north? I appreciate your time, thank you.


Oh. I don't like that part about her.


Yeah. That cool?


Things are looking up, you guys.


Are we curing the wounds, too?


Maybe it's like a cook-off.


He's jumping and crossing his arms--


No, I did the second hit.


No, it's the big motherfucker. The minotaur.


That's right, you were going to go somewhere.


I still have money.


Yeah, Pike, Pike? There's some sort of religious artifacts over here. Could use your expertise.


Did it look anything like this one?


So dedicating that gift is, it's a big thing, but I hope you believe in it.


Are there any potion shops around here?


Does it come with amenities? Does it have a mini bar? Do you charge?


Does Aes wear this stupid headband? Because it's really fucking distracting.


Yeah, that's a lot of responsibility I was not aware of.


This is our fucking guy!


(Vex impersonation) What if you were to talk like Vex?


Why, though?


It's a long shot, but you told me about those giants.


Oh, the gangplanks, it's right over there. First mate, show them how!


I'm off to San Antonio tomorrow morning, very early, for San Japan. With Steve Blum. So come on out and have some fun in San Antonio.


Did I roll for that?


(laughing) Follow the Macy's Day balloon shark.


Hey you guys, it's raining.


Oh, shit. Caleb? Stay safe, Caleb!


It's Ornna! We know who it is! We know who the killer is!


Well, kind of!


That is lower than my passive perception, though. Which is 21.


Thanks, dude.


Are you clammy, a little warm?


We keep taking it from her.


Right, God? (laughter)


(laughs) Oh shit.


Oh, warm again! (laughter)


So that we find out if it's going to be useful. If it's just acid, it won't do a thing to the diamond.


She's lying, she's not really strong.


Oh, that one brought tears.


Don't roll a one.


40!


Can you Mist Walk us all, including Trinket?


Not our personal guards, but Emon's guards.


What is she doing that we're not doing? Her hair is partially blue. Maybe we should dye our hair blue, as well.


It is a functional weapon without sharpening.


Do we know what her hat looks like?


I spun myself like a pinwheel.


It's eating its own kind?


Well, tell us!


You can't dex out of something if you can't move.


I slowly release him down from my water elemental form.


We'll send word. It was good to see you.


I would like to try, once they start making their way back to that facility, to quickly make my way to the inn, if I can as the old man, enter, make my way into the restroom, drop my disguise, come back out as Fjord. Oh the water closet, what have you.


I didn't know he was that big!


Hey, Grog! They're talking about you.


I'm there.


You're seriously the coolest guy.


No. Don't fucking go closer. I get a really bad feeling. All of a sudden, I get a really bad feeling about this.


Yes, really.


Grog, we would like you to rage.


Yeah, I'm good at that. I will run around the corner.


Nothing, we can go back in--


It flies over objects, too.


Yes. I'm sure.


Beau tries to get a spot next to Nila because she's large and fuzzy.


He could I guess still be invisible. Also the cave was covered in acid pools and dark and dingy and everything else we would expect.


I'm not going to be a dick. I brush past Trinket so I can see the worm.


We've got Allura and Gilmore, and Drake.


Hang on, hang on. There are three entrances: the cave-in, the one where Vex just got exploded, and one through the top of the spire.


We're cheering them on the side. Good forging! Fold that metal.


I grab him by the scruff and I say, if you hurt him... You don't know what he's been through, okay?


All attacks. Even spell attacks?


Is it considered illusory magic?


Of course. That is easy.


Okay, are you ready?


What's that one?


Well done there, yeah. What do we want to do? This place is full of sick people.


No, it’s not quite the same.


You're wonderful and you're beautiful on the outside, too.


Foul.


I think this is not a good idea. Grog, this is something you wanted to do. You need to fight it.


I would like to just sit down on the ground and close my eyes and listen for a full minute and see if I hear anything.


Use it.


That is not a place.


I glance at it, I can read. I have Eyes of the Runekeeper.


(gasps) Oh!


I'm really lost right now. I'm genuinely lost.


Yes, I had one of those for breakfast.


Or he could pop in on you anytime.


Well, we can start gathering our shit and packing up.


We're on this ridge.


Oh, that's right. They can't just move.


No tricks in here. No tricks in here, if we're really going to do this.


No, these things happen.


I have a good question to end out on. I also like what somebody in the chat room said that for Critical Role fans, you could call them Critters.


Does she look like she regrets her decisions in life?


Just backs to that corridor in this room.


Come out! You're so cute! Is it a little child--


Could I put a Guardian of Faith above us before we make our--


Wait. If we Dimension Door, what if you turn into an animal to fly, and then you have a broom, and someone can ride on your broom?


So as she's swimming--


I take Pike and I kind of pull her out of the tent really quick, and I'm like--


Him and little boys, man.


I don't know if you have that spell.


No, no, she's okay, she's fine.


Thanks, Ti.


All right. Small nap, and then first thing in the morning.


Yes. Oh, wait, I've already forgotten! Take out the wire, fold it just so. Okay. We're in the ship, Caleb.


How far am I? I can't even tell. I can't see the board.


I was under the impression that the eyeball was passive.


Oh. I'm gonna open it.


I pull out Bad News. I'm shooting it with Bad News, and I'm going for an aimed shot to the legs.


Like a tree. Let's do this. This is a terrible plan. All right. LAURA Just trying to gauge Matt.


And then they had that hired hand with them.


What do you think? What do you think?


Extremely accommodating.


Pike dying.


Do we see Larkin around?


The lady.


What if I try to get a hold of her parents or something?


I really think that's a matter of perspective?


We've got two bowmen. Who's the guy in black over there? The Enforcer who came up?


You are not my parents.


12, man.


I'm going to check out his body. See if there's any booty on his body.


It's sweet, you'll like it.


Yeah, yeah! Get to the good shit!


I'll go grab the book from Percy as he's sleeping.


Riskel Daxio.


Insight-check her?


Is the water around the tree in a circle, like it pans out from around the side?


I'm going to just look at the guard's pattern of movement. Are they staying in position, or are they walking around? Are they talking to each other at all?


Yasha's staying on the boat with--?


It's okay, I can run out of there with my Sprinter's Boots.


I look at Molly underneath me on the cart and I fart a little bit. Just a little.


Sure, this time he does.


I think we should continue to make time as well.


What is -- ?


What if you take the stone, pop over to her, then use Tree Stride and come back?


Yes, that's the threat.


Can I help with my natural 20?


Can I put my back against a tree?


Does she look familiar?


No, but if you could point us towards fusaka? Is there any around here? There's not, is there?


Oh, shit. No, actually, I need to sleep. All that flying left me a bit exhausted.


Okay, that's a bite attack, that is--


Yeah, we took that for an hour, not 70 miles.


We're under new management now, going to be a lot of changes around here. For the better.


Wait, before we go. Pike, does Sarenrae know anything about this? Anything?


Grog, you're okay, right?


I guess, I mean, who's near him? Just Grog right?


We'll make her taller and you two shorter.


Okay. Fireball is... Hang on, wait, I'm not a sorcerer. I should've had this prepared. I admit I should've had this. It's something d8? d10's? Fireball. 8d6 fire damage.


I want to see if there’s anything that looks like a good target to start doing some damage to.


Let me, let me see if I can get something out of it.


We'll go last.


No one should be allowed in for right now, until we figure this out.


Did they attack you?


Do it, man. Do it. We're overthinking it.


Don't need it.


Yev is dead! The Backblaze faery is dead.


So, the bonus, is the Spiritual Weapon still out there?


Donation messages...


And so the two, the dragonborn and the female elven lady seem to be running the joint.


Don't worry about me.


Are they going to run out again?


So regal of you, Scan-lan.


I thought you said you had something.


Cure Wounds.


We're going to say hi. What are we doing there?


Good times, you guys.


She's so obnoxious. What?


I walk up and I cast Cure Wounds on him. I've got jack shit.


That's what I saw through the other one!


You make me figure out how to do this.


All of us, your family.


No, this is not good.


I bet whenever he ascended, all the clerics felt it.


Is she-- Is Pike still being grappled?


He's a bear, and this is the woods.


(loud pooting sound)


Probably pretty unstable.


25 for perception.


Pike! Pikey!


I say we take the deal at sundown.


Wait!


Maybe if we hang here long enough Kima will show up.


I'll keep the purple one.


Timing is quite--


Oh, I get a turn as well? Because I did the Mage Hand thing.


I still have a third one, yeah.


We've heard of a-- would you call it a prison? An underground series of cells, beneath the tower? Beneath the tower, beneath the city. That's where we think we might find our boy.


(laughs) What?!


I'm holding the crystal up like a microphone.


Does it still look like Keyleth or-- what does it look like?


Hey, listen, if you hear any other ghost stories, you come and find us, okay?


It's like, "I need to speak to The Gentleman?"


Situationally, it could be a thing--


No, but like, really love you!


Did I say that?


(singing) One of those things is true, and you are blue.


It totally works.


Do I know that?


Okay. Hey, question. If I hold a turn, do I hold the whole turn? Can I hold my action but do the bonus action? How does it work?


Can I help him? Can I assist that?


I want the bells to hang from either side like around his ears. Right here.


Oh friend, I don't need to roll an insight check to know that's bullshit.


Are you doing that in a speedo, or what?


That is a great idea. In fact, you should lead the way. I have a feeling you'll be able to find the best spot.


She drove the captain mad with the vengeance--


We don't see light or anything at the end of it?


From the crowd, I'm going to go  She's lying! We always knew she had it in for the Plank King!


I'm sorry to bother you, we have business with the High-Richter. Is there a chance that you could point us in his direction-- her direction.


Thanks, Grog!


Fuck that little bastard.


(hiccups)


No, not if you give it to somebody else.


Yeah, you might need opposable thumbs.


62?


Okay. Do you know where any candles are?


That is that one, yeah. The cube is a six. Hey, a three.


Oh, that's not us.


I don't know, darling. It seems so trivial. Doesn't it?


Is it possible to grab a spare set of goggles and choker, just in case?


Or at least our faces.


Percy! Keyleth! Keyleth, dig him out!


What do they want you to do?


I wanted to see a Caleb laugh so bad.


You are playing DND right now! All right.


Some of us can stay.


Didn't we have a couple more, too?


Well, where's Avantika? I don't know.


Well, now he's rich royalty.


Yeah, okay, so if I get to the very edge there, am I in range of Delilah on the ground with Sharpshooter? Cover doesn't do much, except full cover.


Strength saving throws. I have advantage because I'm raging. 26.


You got it, friend! I run. I'm still covered in disgustingness, so I start wiping it off and shaking like a dog. It flies everywhere.


Known him for years. Really.


I'm going to use my Stone's Endurance on the natural 20, and I'll do retaliation on one of those three hits.


Well, yes, I mean why does she want to take it back up to the surface if it's that terrible?


Her eyes just intimidate me.


Me?! We just did Fluffernutter!


Dolan! We haven't even checked in with him!


Absolutely, charmed.


(sighs) No, I feel weird about this old woman.


Is it a female?


Oh, my cat is very well trained and will not hurt your squirrel. I promise.


Sprinkle and Nugget and Professor Thaddeus. Excellent.


I moved behind.


I got three.


(running feet pattering)


He's respected across the continent.


Were you not listening?


Yeah! 20 hit points now.


Each d20 is actually worth 22 up there. (all laugh)


Oh, god, just--


I start talking to Vax. Vax. It's Kiki. Don't forget who you are. You are stronger than this, you are stronger than them. You are not a Briarwood, you are Vox Machina, and we can't lose you. I can't lose you.


What's your name again? I'm sorry.


An attack roll or saving throw?


I agree with this plan.


With advantage. The first one...


I'm going to cast Prestidigitation and do fireworks on top of that.


Wing?


Really? It's a lot.


It's either that or camp right in front of the front door after just triggering a spell.


12 plus eight, so that's 20.


You saw the worst side of me--


No, there's the unconscious guard and the body.


Guys, no. Stop it.


I can take it downstairs later and have Cay-Cay take a look at it.


19 points of bludgeoning damage.


You really don't want me to do that.


(singing) We are the worst. We are the worst.


Oh, just the papers?


I'm going to get in a ball.


16 hits the goblin?


Yeah, except I would have dropped everything to come to see the woman I love, the woman of my dreams, the woman I will marry and bear children with. I don't know if she'll bear mine or I'll bear hers.


What if somebody can Polymorph into a little green dragon or something?


That will do, yes.


Did it do that?


How much did I get harpooned for? 11? Was it 11?


Wait, wait, wait. Hey, hand that over, big guy.


We love them! Can I tear a piece of fabric off of one of the three remaining fancy robes and I tie it around Lady Briarwood's mouth? But like-- (muffled) in, and you know like (muffled) in the teeth all-- she can't really enunciate.


Oh! Wait, okay, no, I just, I don't get the-- oh god, it's not Pathfinder, gah!


She's so formal in her admonishment. Man, it kind of makes me feel bad. Anyway, let's go. I'll flank to the north.


Okay, we may have to have a discussion. At the very least I'm going to need 20 gold, at the very least.


Is it into the woods or is it further along?


Yeah, perception. Oh yeah, I should do it too. Hold on.


Yeah, so one of 'em's on Tary, and there are two free?


Oh. Perhaps.


They are picking the lock on this safe.


It also sparkles. Sparkles in the sunlight.


Didn't we discuss this and assume that this is a house we'd been in once before?


I am.


I'm going to walk up to him. Yeah, there's no way to drop the illusion. That's such a damn shame.


No, really. Thank you, Sam.


It's terrible.


(gasps) He's a magical item! Oh, but he could have turned back into a belt.


What if we use some sort of--


Travis and I are going to be at Emerald City Comic Con the first weekend in March.


You're full of shit.


Forge?


16 points, okay. Wait, so what was it?


Is there a lot of light in the town, or not very much light?


Totally inflated.


Right. And then she got run out of here, so she went to Ank'harel.


Yeah, so it's not even going to be a tough fight. We'll just take down three people and be done, right?


No, I understand, but we damage it.


There we go, watch this thing light up.


Four inches?


Great. Do you have potions? Are you all potioned up? Are you good on items, Thorbir?


Do they look reasonable?


I don't think that ever happens when it's like damage or something.


Then let's quietly make our way that direction.


I'm going to pull into that empty-- Oh, I've got a button, don't I? I'm going to pull into that corner right there?


Okay. I'm going to run back a full 45 feet. How close can I get to him?


They're good climbers?


Oh, that's right, that's right. The two in a row. I remember.


Okay, that's cool.


Oh shit! Hey, everybody, calm down.


Just leave it there.


Look at that. Hey guys! Look at the baby! Hey, we love you. Can you hear us?


I'm going to get closer to Thed and say in Thieves' Cant--


Keyleth, stay on task!


That's his Zemnian accent.


Ooh, 17, 18, 19!


We want to hear all of that information.


Right on the knee.


(metal plink)


You've been doing it all night, too. I figure, you know, it's only fair.


My goodness, this is getting expensive quite fast.


True love's kiss?


What did you roll to hit?


I know. When I Blink though--


Okay. Sorry. Dex zero. What is its constitution saving throw?


I felt something.


Yeah, football rules!


That's still wrong, that's right.


Oh shit, I'm sorry. The other one was 27.


That's not great. 18.


How much do you know-- How do you know how to give a certain amount to Avantika? Sorry, the Plank King. Freudian slip.


You're our strategy guy, right?


No breakup is that rough. I'm going to, I'm switching back to Bad News, and I'm going to reload and I'm going to try and, got that last grit, I'm gonna just try and get him to drop the bow.


Yes. That one.


So, I'm going to start burrowing up the side of the mountain-- up the side of the temple, so I can pop out next to them.


16 and a 13 for Yasha.


We can't actually get there right now.


Oh, natural 20!


I go stealth.


These are not explosions, orange or red?


That's definitely a cloister. It's a nu-gget.


I catch Fjord by the arm. Be careful. Whatever is under there is something of protection. Something to keep us out, or to protect something.


I think it’s supposed to be like how our Congress is supposed to work,


Gem dust. Like a gem that's been powdered?


I pray for a day to come when outside forces can rally the people of Whitestone again. That strangers may come and bring with them salvation, and that the people will seize it.


Yeah, and they were working on it already, weren't they?


Love it!


That's the hope, but we have these other options over here. Is there anything I can see from my perspective, from where I'm standing right now?


Boom, motherfucker.


Why are you worried about this? They would be worried about having to fuck you, my man.


Let's assume that bad things are going to come out of these holes at some point.


Yeah, but just to get through this portal, he’s going to have to move. It’s a whole other turn.


Keyleth's getting a little claustrophobic. She's never been in this tight of a space.


Before I leap down, I cast Protection from Flame on myself? Or Protection from Energy, and I'm going to use fire.


I know. Listen, do me a favor? Keep scraping up those knees, will you? You crawl anywhere you want in this city, the higher the better. And listen to your parents some of the time. But not all of the time.


Oh, just at that last moment?


This is a whole new meaning to point-blank.


I mean, I mean--


Yeah, it's like amazing animal-skin Maker's Mark. So how do we crack this bitch open?


I thought it might be fun. All right. I'm going to gather up our things and prop up the table again and leave-- How much gold would be appropriate for the damage and then some?


It's industrial grade, it is not for baking.


Amazing!


You got more Courage?


I mean, could you describe her a little more detailed? (laughter)


Plus 150 tip.


It's a dexterity save. 15


Yeah, I'm going to fucking bed.


Better, better, better, no.


Okay, let's fight these fuckers. Where are they?


Yeah! (laughter and cheers)


Vax is with Scanlan. Stuck like glue.


To the Slayer's Take.


I am called the Kingslayer, Chuck Norris, Burt Reynolds. I have many names. You see, when you've traveled a road as long as I have--


Just a regular strength check? It's not a saving throw?


(similar accent) Critter community t-shirt.


I'm going to see if I can take my action and keep going quietly. Oh no, I'm not going that-- I'm going to go behind those. I'm getting in the water.


Get ready to fight once we take the two out.


Maybe-- Fjord.


No, but they got big fins.


And I'm going to attempt to make this a legs/wing hit, and I'm going to try and knock him down.


People respond to fear differently.


Any guards in the tavern?


You are very smart and wise. You know, we could be dead tomorrow, do you want to keep arguing with me like this?


That hits. All right, there's the sneak attack right there. This is the Keen Dagger. Good, there's ten, plus-- did he make an attack already? He did, right? Damn it. Ten. 13, 14, 20. 20 points of damage on the first strike. Second strike probably misses. 13.


Well, we're at least relatively safe here for a moment until they figure out a way to find us and then get rid of us.


Look up. What do I see?


It's impossible, it's from inside the room!


Find somebody that can pick them locks.


Still alive, still alive.


At the outside?


Sir Kerrion.


Aw, desu desu.


A gif of cording.


I grab Pike, and we both go invisible.


But I'm using my 5th-level spell first.


24 for me.


Well, that's what I'm gonna do.


It's okay. Calm down.


And I slap Grog on the back and say, you softened the shit of him. That's terrible English. You softened him up for me! Asshole.


Even in love, we are close. Wait, in game. In love? Fuck it.


We did? Oh, yeah.


That's what I was saying. I don't know if you can do holy water. I can do a Fog spell.


No bigs? No sweat?


There was no sister?


Against 18.


I just was going to put anything that was dead now, and I was just going to see if I could maybe start either-- I don't know what they're going to make, but I'm curious if it's going to be anything I can either eat or use as a spice.


Whale it, dude.


Do you want to look at the thing, the orb?


That's exactly right, which means Witch Bolt is still in effect, and I'm going to fucking unleash on this white wyrm of death.


Yeah, you're right.


What if she is Vecna?


Come here.


Just doing cat-like things.


What can you do?


They're going in the house.


Challenge rating of four or lower.


I only get one 6th-level spell but it says on Eyebite that every subsequent action, I can do it again.


Where did you have beef jerky?


Is this a saving throw or just a check?


I leave the room and look for Trinket.


Okay. Well, I mean, let's take a look at this. Your lips pressed against each others'.


Yeah, nothing gets by me, unless I-- Well, no, that's a natural 20.


Have to cross the river.


That's true. I see Percy really quick. Are you still concerned?


To where?


I would like it to be predicated on us coming up with at least a respectable plan, not willy-nilly, fly in with our balls out.


Yeah, we're not leaving Vax.


Wait, Delilah or Sylas?


Oh, so it's really dark?


I agree. Yeah.


Does your friend ever have drinks here? "No. He's been sober for two years. We're not friends anymore." Tugs on his beard a little bit.


Do you remember the name of it?


I don’t know. I don’t know what to say, I -


Can you Greater Restoration him?


Oh my gods, what just happened? (laughter)


There's a chance The Sour Nest is empty, or less guarded.


But ahead of time?


Good, then you can get Vax out.


All right. Let's go upstairs.


Well, we've got time to kill, right?


So if you just hang out long enough, I'm sure someone's gonna want to beat our ass over something.


I wrote down blockage, webbing, and nest.


(in speak-and-spell voice) I am richer for having known you.


Earlier tonight. Percival von Fredrickstein von Rollo de Frankenstein de Roll. Credit where credit is due.


Vex jumped in the water?


Oh, is it too late to say I want one to be a bramble shot?


Oh. And I open my Scroll of Telescription, I'm like, see?


(Malone voice) They send one of yours to the Feywild, you send one of theirs to the morgue. (All laugh.)


We're making our way there.


So is this with disadvantage for plate armor, or not?


-- damn walls!


And I've already used my uncanny dodge in this round, I think.


Fuck. And seeing that they're engaged elsewhere, I'll fire my first two Eldritch Blasts at the one that's engaged with Molly and Yasha. Which is 18 to hit.


There's sneak attack damage too, right?


Shall we set off?


Right. I'm going to move past Pike, past the troll, and hold my action should anything come from that room.


Yeah, our previous name.


I'm attached, too.


I brought you biscuits! (eating sounds)


It's a show I do on Monday nights, where it's 100% no-holds-barred. I will answer any question that they ask.


I didn't agree to that.


As my holy self, imbued with the holy power of whatever I am, I float up a bit, draw my greatsword that I always use to attack because I'm awesome and bring it down real hard on the head of the thing.


Yeah! And don't forget about our charity, 826LA, which helps children be literate and write stories well.


Cassandra, I want to say something a little frank. I'm very happy that we've found you. I'm very happy that Percival and you have been reunited. We have been burned very badly in the past by seeming allies. And I am sure you are in your right mind. But past experience has taught us to be very careful. And we are all watching you. For signs of corruption or control. I want to believe you are in control of your faculties. I do not fully trust you are and I think, just letting you know that a knife could hit your back as soon as the slightest misstep happened, is maybe enough to ensure some safety for this group.


I have a couple of questions. One, so I asked this outside but I just want to make sure. It says in the rogue section that longsword is something that I'm proficient in, but there's a rule somewhere that I can't find that says I can't use that for sneak attack? On page 95, it says I'm proficient in longswords.


I'm going to have Jester run up to the one that Beau just hit-- yeah, the me. Yeah. And I'm going to Inflict Wounds on it at level one.


That's a lot of actions, this creature.


Breaded Men?


Allura!


I'd be angry.


You can say what it is; (whispering) I won't tell anyone.


(laughter) That's the other pair?


Now I'm just flicking off a cat.


Okay, so is there any way I can maybe get some partial cover right over here?


Also, clarification, speaking of saying things prematurely before I should have. I've gotten a lot of questions being like, "What happened to that plan of rolling out one a day once a week?" Yeah, that plan didn't turn out to be feasible. And I might have said that-- I said it, and then I looked down at the announcement sheet and it said in parenthesis afterward, "But do not announce this part." Which, why was it even on our announcement sheet? Still my fault.


(sings) It's my dice in a box.


It's north, east, west, south.


It was all in my imagination! (laughter)


It's not you it's me. (all laugh)


In its lair?


I thought if I had my symbol of the Traveler!


Pan Me?


(laughs) That was awesome.


(grunt)


I mean, I'm not going to somersault, I'm going to sneak around.


Yeah, that's what I was thinking.


We're good with down.


Fire's out, I'm assuming.


It's a tribal food that her people eat. It's vegetarian.


He worked out there, right?


It's okay, most of the crownsguard here don't really give a shit. When they get stationed out here, they're like, "Okay, okay" and they do the fun stuff too.


It is, it's working out. I'm digging it. I keep reading and finding things I'm not doing that could be more interesting, so.


How are you mentally?


To the Fire Ashari, then to the fields of Elysium.


Okay. Also, I will say that, you were worried about burning their dead bodies. But if we burn the dead bodies they might burn, we're not going to help them, but if any coin have, or any items that are magical in nature will be fine. So it's okay.


I guess I'll walk over and try to take out the pot.


I want to throw up.


He'll tell us when he wants to tell us, all right?


(singsong) I have something that's magic.


She'd have to become a different form.


Vax fills out the entire thing, except for the final signature, and says, Scanlan, could you put the final signature on this?


How far are we from the city here?


Oi.


If you do it in a slurry speech, sure.


How is she going to get back in to the--


That was everything I could have hoped for, and more.


Well, I'm in "Book of Murder," two completely different butlers.


I sit down on the ground and start reading through the book.


Can I feed it a healing potion?


And I'm going to take a-- reload, take another shot and try and knock him off the roof.


Two! Wait. Yeah, that's straight-up strength, not a saving throw? Two!


Wait! Should we get ready for some sort of distraction or to do something to the other web first?


That's a strong five.


Well, you can go to our website 826la.org, and there's a whole section for volunteers where you could learn about what it takes to volunteer and you can sign up for volunteer orientation. All of our chapters across the nation have their own sites, so folks can visit and get involved.


I apologize. I didn't know what else to do.


You make me invisible.


And I'm so far away from everyone. I'm going to yell: Grog! Hold on to something, man! And so I'm going to case Reverse Gravity right there.


You can take us anywhere.


They're right there! Do we want to keep fighting them?


Not really getting his meaning, I grab him by the back of the shirt and I just chuck him.


You are so in touch with those.


Can I wedge my hand in there to try and give a little bit of breathing room for Nott as I punch the vine?


If it's two hours, don't come looking for me. If it's two and a half, then get worried.


This just turned into a resource management game.


Terrible. Matt's like, shady shit.


I did not do that in a gloating way, because I feel like that was very lucky.


Well you shouldn't have been that far away.


Who are the options?


That's eight plus another four so that's 12 damage for the first one. Second one. That hits, 18.


We are Vox Machina, a travelling group of acrobats, and--


Yeah, the guy showed up.


Can it have a lightning bolt shaped in an "S?"


This dusk is really making me--


Oh god, I do.


I may be ugly on the outside, but inside I am--


On the ground, you look up like...


Oh, is that a dice holder?


Right ready to go.


Do you remember that tavern called The Leaky Nip?


How does she see everything?


Oh, so I did Hunter's Mark-- no. Oh. I am never going to do spell attacks ever again. They're worthless for me.


Wow! 19 minus...


Yeah, it was badass. Thank you.


Cha-ching!


By the way, for the record, Matthew, I have no idea what we're fighting.


What? MATT; So, as all of you start leaping across into this small tunnel right before the doors, taking a moment to inspect it, the final member of the group right before Trinket, who rolled a two--


Are we doing free ads now for people?


Yeah I'm here. I would have beat Caduceus here, because he was struggling. I'm so proud of you! You made it all this way.


Whoa, that's freaky.


Do you know what that means?


I will happily show you my library.


This is like the finest arcade that I've ever been by.


All right, as soon as we get the man, you get the chant.


Is there anything changing the dust? Is there any tracks in it or anything?


Click, motherfucker, click.


Oh, 30.


You know what, where I am, I'm going to fire two blasts of Eldritch Blast at it and I'm going to close--


It’s movie night. They’re all watching The Sound of Music in the rec room.


They've been sitting on a shelf for six weeks.


I was just curious immediately if there was anything I notice; I wasn't going to--


Fuck. Really?


Times two, right?


Come on, Nila.


I like funny stories.


Would I possibly know this?


Undead is my favored terrain.


I mean, to be fair, Tary does have a point. I also have a responsibility, and...


Every once in a while, I run into people, and I find that a lot of people do a lot of talking, but I've always found it's the people who hush and do good things are the best ones. I'd say that you're in that class. If you ever hear the word "hush," know that I'm close. I'm going to take these people and get them back to where they belong.


Wow, so far today, I've rolled two threes and three fours.


Come on, Jester!


The gun?


We could trade later.


Yeah, of course. Doty will save-- Nope.


Kill me.


It's good shit, right?


It is, actually, but it's available for three more weeks. The signed version is available for two more weeks. And since it is a limited-time release thing, if you know anybody that watches the show but is maybe way behind and they're not watching live, it would probably be nice to let them know about it, because I still get some messages about the Joe Mad poster that people can't get anymore. So it will be gone after this, so it's nice if they can get it, too. And we have the Scanlan tee, and we have our amazing Slayer's Take aprons. Slayer's Cake aprons.


Your outfit's cute though.


I like turtles.


That's not what I heard.


How long-dead?


(alien noises) The whole movie, the entire movie-- You can watch it, if you're drunk enough.


Master of none.


The second one I already rolled. It's a 25 for the second.


I am sorry, and when you aren't eating tongue, you're sort of cute. Love, Keg.


Only if it can help us destroy Vecna.


What's it for?! (all laugh)


We need horses to pull the cart, right?


Orly, which way are we heading?


I am so sad that you woke up. I was just about to go to the hearth and get some ash and draw a penis on your head.


(whispering) He can breathe blood!


Ja okay.


I knew it was going to happen!


And this was a revenge, so I think we can tick that off. (sighs)


Very red.


Her lantern light.


Liam shaved. It's Ashley's birthday. Marisha no longer thinks sleeves are bullshit, now she thinks they're assholes. All firblogs--bolgs know each other. If you go number one, please use the bathroom marked "Peeastock." If you go number two, use the one marked "Hupperdook." And there are flies motherfucking everywhere in the studio. And that's it.


Old busted lip scars.


I've read about that. All right.


We're going into the cold-- we're going into a blizzard, can you believe that? And you know how much I hate the cold, but we do need to be provisioned, so what do we have in the crates that we can help...?


We'll keep going quickly, then.


Do the gates look any different since the last time we were there? Scratch marks? More wear and tear?


He's also aged. He's a bit peppered.


Oh my gosh, I've heard about her, she is something.


Am I a part of the people who could be included in the ritual too?


I get out of the line.


How is everyone? Did you defeat your giant?


Good job. Are you going to stay that way, or are you turning back into you so that I can get you on the broom?


What difference does it make? I want to take a shot with my brother.


I don't believe you. Where's the money? Where's the family money?


You'll win it if you spell it right.


Straight, because they were both pretty good. Natural 20. (relieved cheering)


I put on my mask and I shove my head in.


You went on an adventure, that's all.


I guess we should let Horris know that he'll get an escort out of town, right?


We can't all be all things, Grog. You are the strongest thing on the planet. You are going to take Vorugal all by yourself--


Unless you guys think it would be better?


And where were they going, where did you tell them to go?


I'm about to dig a trench, so I'll pass.


It was really not my birthright. I was not raised to rule.


Well... I just would love to spend some time with you alone, Uncle Ogden.


For a door!


Sorry. There's a pile that's been growing on the table of gold for the furniture.


No, she's alone.


I did. I-- yeah.


First is, can we stop it? Can we stop what's been released? Is there something I can do?


We're going to strip the cult members of their culty pants.


Grog! And I reach out. He's saying. Do I feel him?


All together?


It's evidence! Wear gloves.


And they're close to us now?


Is Ulog around? I'm going to look for Ulog.


He's only five.


It's so good when they're within range of Grog.


At the very bottom, they were? They should probably go before Beau then, right? Because this is the beginning of a new round.


And I'm hasted. My boots are hasted. So here I go. Oh, that's good. That is a 23.


(whispering) I am crazy.


Oh, well, did I even hear any of this? I'm still over there with Grog, moving--


It lines up. It lines up.


It takes six days of reading to take effect.


Do we want to go through the collapsed doorway, or do we want to go back to one of the other tunnels?


Curious little cat.


I'm going to start a ten minute--


Yeah. When she's gone and it's just us, I say, she thinks I care. I don't care. Does she let you kiss her? No, she doesn't. But you get to kiss me all you want, so have at it, buddy.


I'm back to being pristine.


The shirt, yeah, good.


He said three of them.


Right, yeah, I'm good now. So the vampire is still in front of me, right? I give him a look like, yeah, go fuck yourself, and then I keep throwing at the other guy who's with Grog still, right?


Well, I say that we organize a group. Let's not get overexcited about the sudden realization that some of us can be a bit iffy. We've all had a moment, probably within the last three weeks. I'm not saying I don't.


That's fine. I put my whiskey in its place and take the whole cup.


I was more afraid of us wishing ourselves out of existence. I wish there were no more dragons... and no more people and no more--


She's having difficulty with somebody.


Okay. Is there anything out of the ordinary if he pokes his head up out of the water?


And I take Craven Edge and I grab both of his ankles, and I pull them apart and I shove the blade up under his grundle, and then rip one of his legs off.


We did talk about the Feywild.


It's okay. I don't think I've done anything yet. I've only dodged.


It's a thing that happens on the east coast.


Oh yeah, lie down. I've never done it like that, but yeah, lie down.


Yeah, a Fire Bolt. You don't want us to be unhappy.


Who was there and lived? Besides us?


Oh shit! (laughter)


Okay, put it down on the ground.


Oh, we're in the caldera.


Can I shift to where I can?


Why don't we tell them we didn't find it? Why don't we just hide the Horn?


Can they all tell fortunes like you?


Yep! Sure does!


Bards suck! (laughter)


We are here on a very similar range of business, to be honest.


Eventually. Eventually. Because it hurts, because I love you, because you are-- Stop, stop laughing for a minute. You are my best friend. You are my twinnie. And only you know what that means. Hm?


It's just ten. 4d8 plus what?


Oh, I can see them now? Oh, that's great! How far away are they from me?


Just my straight modifier?


He hits.


It would be 21.


You did that?


Follow your instinct lootcrate.com.


I caught it!


Well, Vex had a brilliant idea. Recently, you came to a very interesting power.


Oh jesus.


No. Not at all.


(laughs) I saw this little lump squirming. I thought it was probably you. Tiny little you.


Nah, I'm good.


I lived in mine over the holiday.


Okay, I'm going to hit him again.


Don't talk at them. Talk to them.


Yes, that's what I was trying to say. What?


It's pretty good right now.


No, I've got like, three potions.


What's the one thing that's older?


Gotcha. Okay. We've got to get you out of there.


That's a weird feeling.


Yeah, I'm kind of like this bag of holding, huh?


I'm learning so much already, thank you again.


Fucking fuck!


She's a guest.


Let your heart go.


Oh, okay. Never mind.


Who lost that drinking contest, if I recall?


Found it! The ring.


You're like a Swiss army knife of fixing all our problems and trolling.


No, I have cold now. It was--


Okay, so now what?


Wait, don't forget you have the additional--


Best teddy bear ever.


This is the ultimate Godzilla movie.


Sorry, we're good. Carry on.


Yeah. So let's go to the Earthbreaker.


So for my bonus action--


We can mix it up with the normal food so it doesn't taste as bad.


If Grog is permanently corrupted, we know that we can download a fresh one from Backblaze.com. (laughter)


I'll jump on that train, yeah.


It's fine. I'm happy to commit to this. Why? What hap--? What?


These trees need to move.


No, but it's already gone in.


I'm going to give him a level two Cure Wounds.


D&D Beyond?


But Mr. Filch doesn't have magic.


(gurgling) When we get back to the surface, I will kill you.


Thanks, Kerr Bear!


At least if we go in, Grog, we can see what we're up against.


Let's roll d20's, see whose number is lower.


What's in the third basement?


Well. Maybe it's best not to leave him down here.


Yes, he's going to run and tell people.


Yeah, but do we know of any other dragons here?


No! 14.


(echoing) -sper, -sper, -sper. (laughter)


Good, yes, keep him alive.


Or, what if you let off a stink bomb in the middle of the camp?


Orion!


All right, yes, there's a whole basement area. It's a large space.


(whispers) It was a suicide!


Does he look, like, mean at Fjord?


Let's make our way to the mines, shall we?


Whatever. Come on. We want to hear what you've been doing for a year. Come on!


I sing, (sings) let's go raging now, everybody's learning how, come on on a rampage with me!


Gloomstalker shit hits me in the face.


It's not one large mind, right?


They are like 50% of--


Oh, no. Oh no.


So, from our left to our right, 150 feet?


And we got umber hulk pieces, too.


We'll make waves.


Wait, I rolled a six!


Oh, roll to hit. Shit. Ooh, no!


(counting) That's ten points of damage.


How long would it take you to make a nuclear weapon?


This is nice.


That is ten. 23.


You have to call it out beforehand, sorry.


I was saying, Percy is so good at paperwork.


Oh, I don't think I hit.


Double damage?!


Look for any loot!


Man, we suck at this.


Much as I would love to. No, but we've heard over our eavesdropping that some of these duergar bastards are scared of that strange chimera sort of hodgepodge, human centipede thing? We could be one of those with a little bit of deception, and all of us sort of piling on each other. We could act like a big scary monster and go up and freak the fuck out of them.


Oh wait, is that the--


But this is the same as a sneak attack.


Oh jeez, it jumped up. Well that's a six. Seven.


I bring you news, and I bring you a proposal, and as a businessman I hope you'll listen to both.


Frumpkin's gone.


Stop. (laughs)


That was expensive, wasn't it?


I'll use the blunt end, don't be such a baby!


You've got two clerics. You don't need it.


Yeah, well.


Ooh, I'm glad you asked, Taliesin. It is me and Jessica Merizan playing Final Fantasy XIV. We just found each other in the same world. There's a free company we're going to start. You can come on and join if you're already subscribing. We do giveaways for subscribers who are watching and active in the chat during the show for stuff with Square Enix. It's all good times. I'm happy to say that Taliesin, man, Thancred is still in this version of Final Fantasy XIV, so you can check his work out too, and he's awesome. The funny thing is I didn't know your character was like a badass. So I was listening to him and I was like "Oh fuck". Yeah, he's great. So check it out. Every Monday 7-10 on the channel.


But didn't it feel good, Tary, to get your hands dirty?


Motherfucker, my perception is balls.


It's going to be 24 to hit.


You should ask, like, how to say 'Don't fuck with me.'


And anything he has on his body, I'm taking it.


We do have earrings. 17.


I wanted people on the inside keeping us informed, and we just lost a very powerful spy network.


I pull the gun away. Things have changed. We need to talk.


If I had time, if I had a few days--


This is all happening so fast!


Oh, wait! Can she set the end of it on fire?


Darn it. What initiative did you roll, again?


Oh. Well, that's different.


Yes. I think I will always have that.


I just grab--


I got her. I got her.


Into my earring, (whispers) Come, now.


In Dwarvish I say, that's correct.


It's okay, it's an animal that already has a black eye.


Yes, and that thing should be difficult to get out of. It it is a big case.


I'm on my side.


I'm collecting three or four of Vex's arrows from the ground and getting them in my hand, and I'm staying back from all of this and letting it happen.


Does Pike get an attack of opportunity?


Sure, I will try it again.


To Reggie.


No, because we have to give it to those guards.


Oh, I have to add. (Matt laughs)


I wanna check, are we being listened to? Is there anyone within earshot? Is there anything--


I've got to say, it's been a little nerve wracking coming in as someone new. It's very interesting.


Should've left the hammer.


Can we expect any more traps that you're aware of?


It's not a beauty contest.


Oh jeez, now I'm definitely giving you your two silver back. Don't worry about it, man. (laughter)


Anyway, I'll roll it later. Sorry. (counts quietly) Plus four is 11. Okay, I'm pretty much back up to--


I love that song!


I mean, we just did this. It wasn't too long ago.


I'll make it reckless.


Yeah. We want to be at full strength.


We'll keep moving around the edge of the lake. Who wants to keep an eye on his area as we're moving?


She could be perma-dead right now.


K-A on the door?


I need to go say good-bye to Mama, that's it, then I can go, all right?


This one is no longer in service.


What, hey! What?


I didn't really hold it, it was like a flick.


We killed it!


Like something came in and slaughtered and completely stripped the place.


There will come a moment when I can tell you everything, but... It's so complicated. Please just keep it quiet for now.


Are you happier now?


From what I can tell, does it look like a technical place where they are just making books or do they have books for sale?


I can handle that. So. What happened to my mother?


You are full of shit.


Were you sleeping? This is so awkward!


It is not an epic April Fools' Joke--


No, I don't want to put-- I don't want to put more, I want to take less, honestly.


We're going to have very skilled people branding us, I'm sure.


I think we're all a little bit of an island of misfits.


This is where we're camping though, yeah?


Fucking, umbilical cord.


This is monstrous.


Yeah, we can hear you now. Oh wait, do it again.


It might be a form changer, because the king swallowed a vial and it made him strong.


I was-- because we're on the high seas, and that's what sailors do.


Where's the orb?


33.


We haven't gone through fire or wind yet.


Make Matt stand up, Laura.


Put it on. I bet it changes size when you put it on, because most magical things do.


With great power comes great responsibility, shut up!


Oh no. Perception? 18.


I would like to stay semi-crouched to try and get some cover from that thing.


Let me take you to the shadiest place, tourist.


Metal Gear, Dragon Age.


We took The Mist, and now it's The Mistake.


You got a fluffernutter ready to go?


Fair enough. I take my finger and I run it across my blade as I stare at him.


Minus two. Four.


How many sword and crossbows and random things did we pick up?


Well, he's going to be a little irritated at me in about half an hour. I'm going to start fraying the rope just a bit, so that it'll be breakable with a little bit of work. Are we off?


To the prison!


I totally knew he was going to do that.


We'll probably be staying here the next few days.


Do we see any closer-- Under the bridge, are there any openings underneath the bridge that look like--


Wasn't that the same thing as the first one? Oh no.


As always, wise words, Keyleth.


Does it get better?


You're on the hammer, aren't you?


Oh, no. Not that one. There were two other doors, weren't there?


A white cloak?


I am from the north. Does this include also, besides the hmm-hmm-hmm, singing and poetry, you said?


We've probably earned a bit of trust at this point.


20, total.


We'll be right back, Ashley.


Burn this motherfucker!


The devil toad guy. He's a fiend.


I'm going to pick up a couple things.


She's fighting with us! Don't dispirit her while we're fighting!


Oh, burnt, okay. Where is this butcher that you mentioned as well?


Yeah, don't use your action to--


No, I used that.


This is actually very terrible.


We got a good discount. That glaive was really nice, shit.


Bob? Peter?


Feywild Spring Break, motherfuckers!


A wolf.


The brachial artery flexes in her bicep.


So you've got plus two to your initiative, and I'm losing plus two to my initiative. It's called a Headband of Initiative.


I reach out, and I touch Vax on his back. Do I feel or sense anything different?


They didn't put any fucking effects on. I mean, we had it all mapped out. It was going to be amazing, and now it's just--


Say again?


You broken bastard.


This one's on me.


One way to find out.


I can't tell, it's a secret! Oh! But she's serious about it, I can tell!


It is. I think your arrow happened to be tiny and fast.


Petri-fried trees or are they scorched?


We heard about a kooky regular. We just have to meet him. Febron?


Does she start walking us down the stairs?


I pretend like I don't hear them.


Did you find anything?


Ten plus eight is 18.


Keyleth, can you do a Wall of Stone?


Without saying too much more, I think it's best that we all listen to Caleb's words and play along.


They might even have some sort of documentation or record. Remember Dolan was saying that they got ousted from their practice because of this Lord Sutan. Maybe they already have a paper trail.


That much?


I mean, you were poorer without knowing us, you just didn't realize it.


I'm going to go check out the other alcove.


Frumpkin would be in the air 300-400 feet in front of the cart and I wouldn't do 100% of the time, but I would talk for three minutes and then maybe go: hold on one sec (magic sound effect) and then come back. So intermittent.


Vax, what do you like to do with my hair?


Attempt to resurrect you. Don't worry about it.


Let's be sneaky.


What? Blades?


They're going to try and capture Molly?


Yeah, you are.


Zephra Heights?


(as Scanlan) Stop! Stop stop stop stop stop! Not here! Not here! Let's go somewhere else. Now. Let's go.


Does anybody have money for a tip? Because I think you're supposed to tip them.


I'm taking this wig off.


And I'm very proud of you, but I will be on my guard, just in case.


Pike and I huddle together and try and join forces.


It's going to be very hard to search for us if they don't know if it's Nine or Nein.


Kiri?


You're a halfling, too, so maybe you should talk to him.


Oh! That's the garrison over by the--


There's one more after the 76.


Plus one. So 21.


Oh, did you just poop your pants?


So the full range Sharpshooter ignore three-quarter cover would not cancel that out?


Thorbir has no attachment to this carpet. I'm looking for exits.


Do you fight any urges when you see a small child walking through the city, to go up and, I don't know, I don't mean any disrespect, but to snatch it?


Oh my god, a Grog punch to the balls.


The lowest level possible.


I mean, if the fates allow.


Yep. By yourself.


He said he wants to tell us secrets or something. I like secrets.


I can't fly, no, but maybe Zahra can fly.


Or up and over. Or at least getting past it. That direction. That's four of us.


I'll pop in the occasional low-level Light cantrip as far away from us as possible, just popping every now and then, if I think I see something.


Is there anything that can come through the portal?


I think it was four. You can add four hit points, I think was the last Hex damage.


I think it actually has a little bit of nice character. Look at that.


We did the right thing with Kiri.


To answer your previous question, there are four Vestiges left.


Echo Park! Thank-you. And Mar Vista. There's also one in Mar Vista, and there might be an 826 in your city, I know there's one in Seattle, and Chicago, and New York. So look them up, they're awesome, and yes. They do great work. And you can also tutor for them! You should volunteer.


I'll go!


Two silver for this wax! You better be really grateful!


Yeah, that's what we can do while they're at the library.


That's 40 days.


I love you guys too much.


Don't worry. We have servants.


Bum-rush the tree.


At the very least, you have a lot to prove.


Hagawaga... hawafenor!


If we put all of our money together, how much would it be?


Then I will cast Comprehend Languages.


I will run right past those two guards. As I go by, I say: Get the fuck out of here! (laughter)


Yeah, so I'm going to look like the half-orc captain. Was I close enough to hear him talk when he was on the dock?


We wait for a dragon pass. The day after the dragon passes, we strike.


You think any of my servants are boys? (laughter)


Oh no, I chose poorly.


I'm baffled by the notion of building a box inside of a larger box inside of a larger box to hold papers, but fine.


How much time do we left on that thing?


Is Hold Person concentration?


Yeah, that's what I'm hoping for, yeah.


This is assuming the bats are going to be a problem.


Oh, I gave them to Grog.


Yes. I'll take him. Yes.


Oh, we left the corpses out.


Deuce.


Come on, Matt, can't you remember where ten people are at once?


I get up in time to smack him upside the head.


They wanted a necklace, right?


Vertigo just from the shape of the room?


Not everyone likes us.


We have a flying carpet, by the way. That's a thing.


I'm like, this motherfucker has more hit points than a fucking dragon. What the shit is going on?


Oh my god. Okay, I'm going to cast Conjure Animals and I'm going to conjure two giant eagles right in front of his face.


Yes, yes, I will put him in the armor of--


Totally game.


Huge!


(softly) Six.


Lava flows.


Maybe your brother--


Okay, I use it.


Last one.


2d10--


I guess as soon as I see everybody run out, I would start attacking.


I have keen mind, I would know the way that would lead us towards the way we came.


Right, Grog and Percival, you were going to help with that tour.


And what is he?


Use the skull to wish to know everyone's alignment. Problem solved.


Drop some guano.


While we're walking?


What are the rules?


A public record of her handwriting?


It's on my waist.


I'm going to-- can it go from the bottom of the pillar up towards him?


He poops on things.


We'll get the tarts. Maybe it would be handier as a bird.


It's going to be so long before we go back to Zadash, maybe.


Why would she need to come face to face with us in that plan, ever? She could say, "I'm going to go meet them in Kymal. Oh, I died!"


Does that get me to air?


It's all you, blue.


Well, it's your house.


Okay. I'm going to take an attack.


I will step out back into the passage so I'm not in view.


You know what we could do? If we want to check this cave for more people, is that we could bring them up to the cart and I could do that one spell that I have that would let me know down here if anything is happening up there--


Should have looked at that first.


It's a new demon, isn't it? The blushing demon!


Is it safe to like over my earpiece say like--


All right, you're confusing.


My DC is 17.


He's moving away from us?


I scan the forest. Are we being followed?


Can I use my full speed to head towards Delilah?


Would you?


We bought the new bed frame. It's called the "Nupe."


(shouts) Sunlight!


I look at it.


That would be the three dots.


Where's your shit?


I stop everybody, saying, be careful. It looks like it could be a thousand feet, which is deceiving.


Who's their headmaster there now? Do you know?


Will we have to contend with the defense systems as well?


So Emon is like--


Keyleth, do you really want to be honest or is it a ploy? Do we want to be honest?


I want to live forever! Just never die! I just want to him to go, you will never die. I'm happy.


Also, is there anybody in the forest?


I feel like "cute" is the last word we should use for this.


If you ever need anyone to talk to because you feel really stressed out, I'm here. I'm a good healer, mentally.


I don't know, are we?


Maybe you should say who's knocking, just in case. You do knock so strong.


It's really distracting. Yeah. Well, I love you.


Careful crossing the-- (cawing).


Way hotter.


Okay. This looks good. I'm going to back down the stairs and stand by Shakäste, I think. Diplomatic immunity! (laughter)


Oh, hi. That was a very touching ceremony. Well, I'll just be in here, crying.


You're an awfully long way from home.


Are there any track marks?


No, like all the history stuff. It feels like a bored monk wrote this. A real bored monk.


You found a new use!


Ten, 11.


Ja, I have some things that I want to accomplish on my own and then I also need to have a conversation with Beauregard, but before that I need to go shopping. I have a list of things I want to do, actually.


Yeah. Seven plus 11 is 18.


That was his trial.


I had a great day today--


Well, I mean, I'll look at it. I don't know. It's pretty broken-looking.


Okay. Well, I'll come back and see your work in three days. Work on that and your breakfast. Hey Nott, are you ready?


Sometimes I don't know if you guys would live without me. I'm really glad I'm around, sometimes.


