You're talking about tonight?


27. 19, 25.


We were actually going to go without the flyer, but now we also have a flyer.


Should we turn like people again?


We have 64 pounds of scales from me. We have four claws left.


The pleasure is all mine.


Thank you. This is as fresh as I can get. Because I've been sleeping in the studio.


What do you need? What? What’s wrong?


The guard with the dog is within this perimeter of fence?


Wait! I sit down, and I start doing the ritual for Detect Magic again. Ten minutes.


That’s true. I could wait.


What happened to the other 999?


I have Raise Dead.


19 hit points.


You've been doing it for several months now, Jester.


Say 'screw it.'


That's good. That's a good one.


That's not great. Eight.


We're going to hide.


Aren't half of them burned to a crisp anyway?


Everybody? As a group, like we all failed as a group?


I pop Trinket back into his little crystal.


Just my eyes and nose, just the top of the nose.


That's not good. 11.


It's really cold and the people are pretty strict, but there's some really nice people that you can meet. I met a lot of friends! You should meet them.


I've been inside a dragon's fucking stomach, buddy. I don't care. The beach is 50 feet that way. Get it all out.


What do you think it is?


Do we even see her anymore?


Oh. Sorry. I don't-- I'm just trying to catch up. I'll--


Can I kind of start splitting the difference in case anything bad happens?


That is amazing. Thank you, guys.


That's a good shot. Oh yeah! That's 17, 27, plus-- 33 points of damage.


I'm so smart. Just straight intelligence?


I can't tell you that, Nott.


He's such an asshole.


(ricochet sound)


Yasha, it's interesting to see you without your cloak. You were super adamant about that one.


I'm casting, in an instant, Unseen Servant. Schmidt is here with us.


Way to not use the copywritten one.


If we're sitting in the cart, is the grass taller than us or is it way lower than us?


For my bonus action, I'm going to move my duplicate out and stand next to Avantika.


You raged too much in the games of chance.


I read it immediately after you left. Because curiosity gets the best of me sometimes, I can't-- it's not--


Yeah, I'm looking in my inventory right now. It says "Emmy Award of Exempla--" It won't tell me the rest of the title! (laughter)


Brother.


Oh, I thought Agonizing Blast was a--


I see where it's coming and I shoot a Fireball.


Oh, you got the fudge end.


We went to a town, and it was burned down and we killed a bunch of gnolls and we took off their ears. Then we went to another city and we fought these fish people in this swamp and it was really crazy. Oh my gosh, you should meet this monk girl that I know. She's crazy and she fights with her fists and also with a staff and she's really strong. There's this other girl who has wings. And I tell her all about it.


That's a one!


That was good.


Well, I'm no ranger like you. (laughter)


She's looking into my chest because Nott is behind me. I'm sorry, I'm confused why you're going to such lengths to defend the rights of this large, oversized frog skull.


Here, get on the broom, Scanlan. We'll fly up.


No! Beau, get it! Get the thing! Get the ball!


No, you guys know this. When I got in a lot of trouble for taking a shit on that bed. Or killing the guy with the mace. Or sometimes I'll go to a brothel. But I don't do anything that bad!


Does she have any masks that look like a raven? A raven mask?


(hesitantly) Let's do this.


I'll come.


Is that at all connected to dexterity?


The one right behind him.


Do you need me to heal that?


Sam will do that.


It was a me and Laura collab.


You know, you've broken a lot of hearts, Scanlan. I think you're still a heartbreaker. And I leave with them.


But on my boots of haste I can use it to dash, disengage, or hide.


If someone falls asleep, you could paint a dick on their head, and they'll have a dick on their head!


I trust her fully.


I'm already raging. Can I reach him? Is he high enough for me to reach? Is he out of my grasp, or I won't know until I get there?


We're Reservoir Dogging it.


I think you just won the lottery, friend. I toss him the book.


Should we go in to meet our jury?


The debt is paid.


Keep fucking with him.


"Do not open" and in parentheses "(until I'm dead)."


Who let the Grogs out?


Still trying to get back? He's still trying to get back!


(sad trombone)


Bottoms up.


Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.


Well, the city that Tary's from--


She was pissed.


I go over and pick up his warhammer and say, you may-- maybe-- leave. But I get to keep this as a souvenir.


Okay. Or a fiend or a celestial?


This guy has got up and down. Oh, no, now I can't do math at all. 24. 34.


You didn't correct me, but I said while Nott was foofing around, so some time passed. Five, ten didn't, but you're the DM.


The thing is, if I exit this bubble now, then it goes away.


Transmutation. If the carpet is magical, I wouldn't--


You've got to rip them off, just one big one.


Does anyone else feel like they might benefit from these more than me?


All right. We join him.


He was the odd man out.


No. I am looking forward to getting back to the mainland, and I don't mean the Menagerie Coast. Although... We need to get Jester back to her mother if we can, but I am not looking forward to being here anymore. I want to get back to the Empire.


When we step, does it make a powder go up because it's like (poof) on the ocean floor?


Fucking Hosin.


Has he hit anybody yet?


I head up, as well.


What, the display you just saw, or this?


That's-- yeah.


Yeah, and then you can come up on my back.


Okay, well, that's somewhat unsettling, but show me these items that you have.


It does look like a flying manta ray.


Does anybody not wear any armor?


She gave me five. Okay, great.


Beach party.


And then the hasted is another action and then the bonus is to make another attack, but only a single.


I open up the Bag of Holding and pull out Lorenzo's glaive.


And you're touching my dice!


Give me that. Give me that!


The music is on.


Before my time.


And the dash was my bonus action right?


Also, I don't know if he remembers, but sometime in our revelry last night, I asked Kerr if he could-- I gave him a sheath, just a sheath of a sword-- and I asked him if he could make just a little-- there's some metal components to it-- I was asking him if he could just make a little secret compartment on it. Like a place that you could hide a little vial or a little powder or a little note or something, just in the side of the sheath.


Yeah, of course we do.


We're unfortunately a little short on transportation. We could use a few horses.


Real big snake! Yeah, I'm going to constrict him.


I have a very large bronze pot in the bag of holding. Could I wear that on me noggin?


It's gorgeous. It's very intimidating. Do you know anything about this? You've lived here for a while, Pike.


(laughs) I can save them! I can save them all!


The censer?


Feels right.


To relieve your mind of your stress!


And give it up for Taliesin! (cheering and chanting "Percy")


Well, I had a hot spring, which was nice. I mean, it had some sulfur content and there were some minerals in there that were probably a bit iffy.


Do I get advantage on this?


Is this Jethro Tull?


Hey, I'm doing stuff here; it's science.


You've left us stranded. We're going to die.


It was SonicaMoto.


Let's say 350 gold, and I promise to always shower twice before entering your home for my next purchase.


Oh, that would have been way easier.


DM, can you remind me what time of day it is?


Right, to the outer wall.


Can I not fade it after this? Oh, I can drop concentration on it and then it will go away, right?


There's a whole round. I guess I'm going to shoot, not knowing what everyone else is doing. I'm drunk. I'm going to shoot.


And believe me, I would like--


What are you doing? Scanlan, stop it! Stop it!


I'm starting to think that following Enon's story isn't necessarily going to lead us here. He seems like a random victim.


Are we really going to talk about names right now and not about the giant creepy smoke monster that came out of you, Percy?


I'll join you in the non-stealthing.


Hey, he's cool sometimes.


Were you one of them?


Is that super-glued on or something?


Bodak.


I don't have to be a big fucking bird--


How loud will this be?


They're like porpoises and shit.


Little bit of luck, little bit of magic.


I tell them  I'll catch up, guys. I have to say goodbye to my mates.


It's so Indiana Jones! This is so Nathan Drake!


Show us your mouth holes!


I cast Mage Hand and slowly peel back a corner of the carpet.


Grog, can you pull up any of those boats?


Ah. Cin-cin, everybody. Cin-cin.


Is it open? You want me to check it for traps?


No, she's coming with us.


Sorry, I was thinking about a thing you were saying, there is a way through for us?


You get to have that because you took two Vestiges.


Yeah, what's their demeanor?


Whoa. It was a trial. You had to be able to beat him in order to forge here. I'm putting Scanlan out! Because he's still on fire.


Welcome! We probably should head towards the other one.


(whispering) Shut the fuck up!


That's molten blood, he said.


Well, what did you do? You did Death Ward. And is that it?


Can I use my sonar?


That's such a spectacular act of kindness and generosity. Would, perhaps, Vox Machina also be of service to you?


I try to get it just right on the lip.


No, no, for how long?


Eeyore casts it.


Gather together, everyone, gather together.


That took a long time, though.


Feels like a trap.


I haven't tried it. I just drank the juice, but he ate it.


(laughs) Do you remember?


Can we please stop robbing tombs and get back to our actual mission?


Okay, I'm going to duck down, crouch on the floor. I'm going to cast-- first I'm going to-- god I'm so nervous-- I'm going to use Healing Word on Vax, and heal that motherfucker.


Oh, good gods! What did you make, what did you do?


I get up and run down.


So four of them.


He's got the book, right? Am I within 120 feet of Vecna's face?


More mine, more mine!


Do they serve meat for guests, or is it just Scanlan that's barred?


Yeah, I was telling them I feel like instruction isn't exactly what I need; it's not going to get me anything, yet. I just feel like I need to take steps in the right direction, does that make sense? Feels like I'm stalling.


Yeah, get out of here!


Thank you. Seven.


Okay. Oh boy.


Okay. I think that's going to work. Eight. (laughter)


I know how that spell works now! That's nice.


(singing) Back it up, back it up, back it up, back it up.


If I stay outside and look in?


We're out of initiative? Or are we--


Garbage wine.


It's tit for tat. In this case, we're short on coin, and you make mighty fine objects. Seems to have caught the eye of most of our group.


Does your dad like pastries? Does he have a sweet tooth?


I'm behind the stone pressed to the back of it though, presently, correct?


I might!


I can try a Locate Creature spell.


Can I find-- is it Kara?


I know someone.


Just within eye distance, right? But keep a line.


Those are two different things, huh?


And then you could give us the crossbow.


That is not going to hit.


And you know like a thing for him, right? We know his name.


Honestly, we were trying to figure out what had happened.


No. I can put a magical lock on the door to this basement as well. As well as an alarm.


I'll go in with her.


Where you at, Pike?


Fucking A.


How many points of exhaustion?


Also, you said there was a balcony right?


Sure. I can inspire him.


It does hit.


All right, cool. That's eight points of damage. Blowing an action surge and firing three more times.


Are you up for it? Lot of responsibility. You've got to, like, co-sign for the boat and shit.


Well let's search the grounds.


Oh. I run and check the silverware.


They can learn sign language, they have, like, an entire, yeah.


Marquet?


Hey, I want to try that! And I rage as I attack it!


I can't see them, so I'll just inspire-- Who's going to get in there next? Who's behind me? Can I inspire people that I can't see?


I smack both their asses.


We could ask.


I would like to be on the absolute side of the semicircle, please.


Four points.


I just proposed the idea. I don't know, but that's what we all need to figure out.


I'm going to do so much!


I'm like, yeah. We're going to hurt this motherfucker so bad.


No! We have plans to make with our new friends! Let's go get some breakfast!


Well, I saw this goatman and he told me just don't eat the yellow snow and you'd be okay.


Has anything changed with the ones on the walls?


We almost died ourselves in that temple, in that pyramid.


I'll follow Nott.


Do the balconies go all the way across? Sorry, I'm not asking Caleb or anything.


Lying on the ground, I will fire up at the dragon with my crossbow, trying to quickly load one of my explosive charges. He's within five feet of a friend, yes?


It's not bad.


Must be plugged in and connected to Wifi.


The cube. Over and over and over again.


I feel like we're being hazed.


What? What are you talking about? They look like real fingers.


Can I post up outside of the brig where stabbed-in-the-body McGee is sleeping?


It's actually three.


By the way, just a little insight, what we normally get on the whispers is, "From what you can tell, it seems totally normal." And then that's about it.


Yasha will fucking hi-ho silver out that bitch! She has 40 feet, so 20--


She has begun to speak to me. Her desires are not clear, entirely, but I am listening. And I intend to learn.


Percy in the house.


Free drinks?


Be happy in your work.


We might as well leave out of Emon.


I go to the back of the boat to see the name of the boat.


Don't say any of that. I've got to focus.


Always?


You might have to dagger-dagger-dagger me.


Yeah. One, two, three, pull!


Like a short rest?


You're shielding them.


Wait, I haven't learned the lesson yet. I'm still--


Thank you, Scanlan.


Tary, this man drives a really well-known establishment. If we leave here, after having struck that bargain, and we don't pay? There will be more guards outside.


Okay, good. I want to-- let's find our way towards the Duchess, then. But just halfway there. A little further over; not so close to Ruzza.


(whispering) Good job, Scanlan.


Or, no, we can just go to the hall of the Hall of Justice. (laughter)


Let's rifle through these guys' stuff. Which one do we want to interrogate?


No, it’s like playing D&D with General Zod. I mean I’m happy to do it, but it is a little weird. (laughter)


I'm so quietly delighted by this.


The same height as Abraham Lincoln.


They don't give a shit. Do it. I'm on the carpet. We're ready to go.


That would've been intense and awesome.


Eh, whatever.


200 feet, give or take.


Stealth check. That's 25.


That's a natural 20. Dope!


I suppose I should, to keep relations up.


Oh shit, how many of them? Three?


Both hit. Okay. So the first one, (counting).


Not 100% sure what's going on. Can I take my Faerie Fire concentration that I still have up and move it over top of the black smoke figure?


Yeah. That's a good idea.


I use the earring and I go, Vax! Vax, please! That acid is filling the room! We're all dying. I don't know what to do.


So a distraction that would get everyone to run towards me and ignore you?


(laughs) Great Weapon Master-- I run up to the dragon and hack away!


Hey, Grog.


Hardcore.


Oh, Gottsverdammt!


Okay, I'll Cure Wounds.


Keep it away from Pike and Grog!


That's a long time. All right.


Stand in front of this table. Stand in front of this camera. No one can see you over there. Why are you getting totally naked?


I can heal you!


Scanlan, do not drop the mack.


I hit it with the stock, I was careful.


Yes? Yes, Tiberius, my good friend?


And now we have them?


One hour, so my strength becomes 23.


I'm going to fly down and I'm going to shout, Grog! Raise your arm! And I'm going to go down and I'm going to hit his hand with the Pokeball.


Let's see if there's a second entrance.


But they're surprised anyway.


Four, so that's okay. This is lock-pick, right? 23.


Okay. The attacks are at disadvantage. Jesus.


Simple tool.


Set up there.


Do I roll or does she?


Who hasn't gotten punchy at the end of a long D&D game?


Is there one that looks like a gnome cleric and one that looks like a dragonborn sorcerer?


No, she's not out. She's hanging on.


I'm sorry, did you say not quite--


Even though I have resistance on bludgeoning damage and all that shit?


Oh, Trinket! I love you so.


We accidentally killed the ox, right, because we stuffed it in the Bag?


This is the dumbest idea, by the way.


Then can you tell me where the fucking volcano is?


If there is, you should call your local post office. (laughter)


It's a very complicated symbol. (laughs)


Have you ever seen anything like that?


Okay, you're right. Are you hurting?


I don't know if there's much we can do with this. This is a bit-- yeah, no, you don't want to drink that. Let's sweep that away, why don't we?


With Foresight? Oh, because you're paralyzed. Oh fuck.


I'm going to try and find a blacksmith.


I wonder if you have to stick something in the hole and twist it.


Four-- It could be bad. 12--


I whack it right in the nose, because that's what I was taught with bears. I go: No!


Where are you all headed?


How long does it take to attune to something? An hour? Shit, maybe I should have--


That's an option.


So what time is it there right now?


So, what are you going to do when we take a break, Percy? You still haven't answered the question.


This is bad.


Yeah, I would like to know.


Yeah. Okay. So-- And then the second one is a 23.


15, yeah.


I have some dry food rations if you want to give him a nibble.


Or maybe they cut them down.


Well, there is a second entrance. One is up top.


Total.


I could also cast Water Breathing on eight of us.


Oh! If we take a short rest, he can inspire us when we do this.


I thought that we could give each other moral support, you know what I mean?


Pretty sweet.


Legitimately just curious.


Or you could sit in the castle and read diaries and ancient tomes of Whitestone.


Of course he believes. Believing is not the question.


How'd you get in?


I'm just going to say, right now, where we are, Frumpkin, I'm telling him to follow us all, about 55 to 60 feet back behind us.


This meeting may be the beginning of something very violent or this may be the start of something; I don't know. But be prepared perhaps that this meeting may be on moment.


Well, I can do the entire room really, I can go doorknob to-- The funny thing about this thread, there's no end to it. So I start looping it all the way around the room and tie it off, and take out one of my books from the holster, the one on the left side, and I open it up. You guys watch as I spend ten minutes referring to the book and tracing symbols on the floor. Along, underneath the thread, and about ten minutes of time, nothing happens, but that's taken care of.


Stay on task, Widogast! (laughter)


You're not so big anymore.


Can I still cast or can I do a bonus thing?


If this is where we're gonna be chilling, I can seal off that tunnel still.


Get it girl! Get it girl!


Deadeye with sharpshooter.


One hand and then one on the bear, right?


He's looking rough!


Hey, what's a hashtag?


Sometimes. We're playing Heroes of the Storm more now.


And if you go to iTunes, you can get the Signal Boost ringtone for your phone and it's pretty great. Also, we have another surprise coming next week that I'm pretty stoked about, but you have to wait. No one probably cares. But I care.


Scanlan, why would you bother to pretend to be a beast? If he just finds you, he'll hunt you and kill you.


Bonus action. Bonus action. What's a bonus action? What can I do?


Who were going to arrest us.


Yeah, sorry. 18.


Oh, shit. Really? You know. Those ones I have.


It's a coin flip, really. He's small.


Can I insight check him and make sure he's going to be honest?


I wander away from these two with their questions and I sit down with Molly.


All right. We're off the rails.


You have a shield?


I like it already.


Sounds like they're making a knife for Liam and bear for Laura.


Unconscious--


No, I'm still big! No, I'm not still big. (humming) No. 12.


A little gaudy for my tastes, but I'm going to do a little work to it.


D&D Beyond is raising money for our greatest, favorite charity, 826LA. They're doing a big push now to raise money for this great organization that promotes literacy for young people everywhere and as part of the 826LA charity initiative, now that we're way past our $10,000 tier, D&D Beyond has offered up the discount code "826LA" to get 25% off the Legendary Bundle. The Legendary Bundle includes all the digital materials available at D&D Beyond, so check it out now and as part of what they announced last week, D&D Beyond is contributing $100 to 826LA for every natural one we roll and to honor that--


Okay, so, sitting in the silence, are any of these people awake, that I can tell?


It is.


Chod. But please call me Lionel.


Battlemap over there? That means there's another one over there?


Look, if it was the day before yesterday I would have said they're all fools and they're going to do it the stupid way, but I think I underestimated 'em a bit, so yeah. I think they might be a bit clever.


30 to 40 feet in advance.


And 30 on the second?


I could put a meat pie on the end of one of my bolts and shoot it at it.


I am taking this in. All right. (sighs) I'm going to try and do this.


(gasping) My eyes get even bigger.


I mean, do you know-- Unless you have something to share with us. Do you know of his awakening?


You could just have them swat you. Like (zombie grunting noises).


So you don't think he actually even fully separated from the plane, he brought the plane with him.


I am the best!


Yeah. Like sprinkles and hard candies. Just (dry puffing).


I'm going to use Luck. Ugh, screw you, inspiration die! I mean, thank you for it, but still, screw you! I'm going to use my inspiration on top of that. Oh yay! 16?


I feel kind of like Grog. what can I do with that?


A little help here, please? Would be nice.


Ah, go, go!


He's learned!


Okay. I hate him definitively, so I'm going to throw at Protto. With disadvantage. Five.


What. What. What?


Oh, are you?


Jeez.


(gasps) Caleb? Is it really you?


We have two weeks?


Okay. I'm going to attack again. Reckless.


Do I know anything about where the dragon might be?


Oh my god, right away, right away. We're just in it. Just like that.


And someone get Grog out of that thing!


I've been leaning over to see what he was reaching for.


Blushing Tankard tavern.


Does he have a seal?


That's good to know. It induces sickness?


Are you sure you don't want just a game of Pinochle instead?


You'll find out, won't you?


Oh, at disadvantage?


Okay, so we're over the water?


How many-- oh, for each thing that-- constitution modifier. Holy God. Okay. I'm counting both of those, the first one's only 12.


I am going to cast Suggestion on him.


I'm going to take my sister to bed.


Are there any clowns in it?


Not in front of Pike! (laughter)


There are guards?


We're under two minutes away from the water I previously made it up to and didn't go into, correct?


You're just chilling like a villain under the blood?!


Now you look really cool.


Because Vecna was all like, "Oh, you can't beat me!"


Oh sorry. Sorry, we're whispering.


Aw, three.


Oh, okay. Okay. And I don't see anything.


Is this Prismatic Spray?


Oh my god, I'm so tired!


Didn't get sufficient tongue in yours?


We've got company.


Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's a thing.


If the thing goes two clicks-- correct, it goes there.


I think there's an exit ahead and to the right.


Yeah. Anything to throw as far as I can out and see if it--


40?


17 for my hit.


She starts 15 feet within--


Sinaeth, Grog. Sinaeth.


I feel like we should use some of that, though, for the beholder.


Maybe you should go - here, take a gold piece. Why don't you go buy something from him?


We just killed the crocodile plant. We just killed a crocodile plant.


Okay, that's fine. I'm sorry I didn't spend more time with you. But this is unacceptable. This is not how you treat family. And if anything, I hope you learn from this. What do you want? What do you want from me? Tell me and I'll give it to you.


Can she see through our eyes now?


Ooh, tiger maple!


But I could tell by his eyes that he sort of got it, he understood. Maybe I was just projecting, I don't know.


And where is that amongst the planes, the little ruby amongst the sea? Is it in between two certain certain planes?


Okay, I'd like to protect him from shadow demons.


What is the plan?


Farts and vultures.


I want to look like a sultan.


All right, so how do we fly? How do we do that?


I think it's worn off.


It's the Meat Man, you guys seem familiar with him, you know what he looks like.


Hell yeah I do!


We are, perhaps, persons of action.


What the--?


I'm great, you can go. You can go.


Very, very manicured cuticles. And I don't know what else to say for ten minutes about Tary.


Whoa, there's two of them. Fuck.


They're burning people?


Pike stats!


It's now or never.


The guys are missing out on this one. (laughter)


Oh, now you don't want to.


Let's call for help. Caleb, can you hear me? We're in big trouble.


It's a good thing we ran!


I feel like Beau will have far less problems hurting children.


It just sounds weird inside the tree...


I'm going to cannonball in too.


So that's going to be 14 points of damage, plus one point of psychic damage, plus--


Ten plus seven is 17.


You seemed a little angry. He didn't mean anything by it.


Well, this one's a little bit more under the surface.


I'll light it up with this crackling green Eldritch Blast energy coming from both of my palms, causing its fur to smoke and burn off and its snake heads to repel!


You know, the ship that started your whole backstory?


Don't say the word grieve. That's strong.


Let's get east of the center square and set up camp.


You didn't check for the bits?


See you, Trink.


Can someone check to make sure that it's just a statue?


No, we're going to put our hands on the gem, right?


I say destroy it.


So we know he'll be pissed off, more or less.


He's still got movement left.


Yeah, it's real important. We were running into problems--


I don't know what you people mean. How far is they from me?


I'll take them.


I'll prime an arrow.


Oh, we're great, we're fine, we're good.


That's Sneak Attack, I've gone up a level to 13--


Yes! Blow everybody. (laughter)


I just wanted to see you roll!


Justice League, Futurama, Pulp Fiction.


Pike, what is a movie?


I have one more, we have a message, a letter from our friends over at Gamechanger.


Not me, I don't need it.


Good thing we changed it to The Mistake.


Right. Mm-hm.


But you still have to move through the water, you still have to swim through it--


Oh, it was disgusting.


So if I kill him, he'll come back? Or if I kill him, Grog won't ever come back? What does that mean?!


Feel better?


Tell us again. What do you need it for? What are your intentions with it? Honestly, look me in the eye. What do you mean to do with this thing when you find it?


Are you feeling lucky, punk?


Charisma saving throw?


Am I going to do anything? How far away is the nearest structure?


Yeah, that's weird.


Drop your fucking Wind Wall so I can hit something!


It wouldn't make your intelligence higher, and it wouldn't necessarily help with your vulnerability.


Knowing it's coming.


Scared straight.


This one? What was this one? Our tests indicate that your rash has spread to the groin ar-- Nope, that's not it. That was a different file. I had this one, this one's really conceptual. Here, I'll do it. Matt.


God! I just wanna keep staring back at him but I don't-- There's no point to it. I can't do anything. It's not like I can psych him out or--


I will cast Hunger of Hadar.


I thought you said you weren't a tactician, look at you!


I'm trying to think of what I should do. Okay, I'm going to try to Guiding Bolt it.


I feel-- I feel cold?


And we solidify our plan?


How many stalks does it have left?


I'm not ready.


Are you comfortable with business as usual?


Can I do that, too?


Can I see if the door handle is--


Yes you do!


I have a modifier of zero, so.


I'm going to start looking at that door.


6d10?


(whoops)


You sure you don't need it?


No, we got goggles.


Gag me with a spoon!


We're going to be setting a trap, right?


Grog. If someone kills Kevdak, say hypothetically you, who takes control of the Herd after that?


I do have a page. Do you want my beholder page?


And how much was the debt? It was 260,000?


Do we need to make sure you're with an adult from here on out? Can you not be trusted alone with Tary?


Check the sconces, see if they trigger something.


I’m going to jump out of it.


16 misses, 17 hits.


Grog, what did you see?


Can I enter the contest as this?


I want to sneak in and tickle his little foot and walk out.


What's happening with that dude I-- are you doing all this while I just pin down--


All day! Advantage all day!


Oh, Sam is here.


Oh, wow. I got seven.


And not me, because I've just been getting them and pouring them.


Cake and a rope.


Okay, yeah sure. I got the eight-pounders.


They’re choosing representatives?


So I don't know how that conversation's going to go, but, you know, it's going to happen.


Good plan (vomiting noise).


We step forward. Are we on the edge of the bowl? Is she in the bowl and we're on the edge of the bowl?


Do you sell any healing potions?


Hi, I'm dead.


Did you add your Hunter's Mark?


Okay, so it's an 11.


So should we go in and try to get her out?


Maybe a chamomile, it would be great.


It'll be... less than three?


I'd like to see you try. (yelling)


I should have thought of that. That's amazing.


Yeah, that's fun. Do that.


All right, I'm going to concentrate my Flaming Sphere on that and start melting it.


The Chained Oblivion.


(drawl) You're just a little feller, you oughtn’t talk like that.


Yasha and Beau stay together, the clerics stay together.


There's so much to do. I don't know if I should heal you, if I should rub blood on you or if I should go try to remove the curse from Grog.


Go in the cave?


(panting) Thanks. I'm going through some shit. Can we get this gate open?


That is rad.


Every Sunday morning.


Moves or clears the--


I don't know how this works. (laughter)


They’re pretty great! So I strap on the big, gothy boots--


I look at him and I go (retching noise) K'Varn!


What? Taliesin. You've got to do better than that. Try something like this: You know, Matt's an asshole, but you know who's not? The good people at Loot Crate.


No, no, it's a place where we can rest for the evening, totally safe and comfortable. It's on a slightly different plane from ours, so nothing can actually hurt us there or get to us.


This is literally the first they've mentioned it in my presence, so.


I can't hear you. What?


Just past it, please.


I'm doing what I do best. And I focus all my energy on this thing.


Where were you at? I feared for you, man.


I'm curious, big man. That's all.


Oh, are they moving behind you? Do you know? You can't see. They really don't like you. Do they know what you did to my family? Do they have any idea what you do to the people that you stay with?


Yeah, her own cipher.


I will search for traps.


(whispering) The Traveler.


Fly through, and then once I see them hit the ground, I'm going to dive-bomb us, and I'm going to wrap us in a little wing bubble and roll into the snow.


Gods attacking us.


I'll help him first, but yeah. I can do that.


And I boot him out. Oh hi, thank god. And--


I'm also seeing what the book also specializes in.


(high-pitched) D-Roll!


Do it girl!


Oh, okay! We know where that is. Yeah?


Yes. Just not about cats and books.


(laughs) Yeah. You know, we really need a break.


Do we have this tourism look to us?


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian High Council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the Magic Guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed, so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


And even if it's not people you know very well. If you find people that like D&D-- so many people that we've seen online, and some of our friends, don't have D&D groups, and they find a place to go and play D&D and meet those people. Honestly, I didn't know you very well, I didn't know Orion very well, when we started, and now all of us are best friends.


Pretty harsh woman.


Oh, I hadn't looked.


I can ambush them!


(laughs) This is like us planning.


All right. I feel lucky.


Thank heavens for little blessings.


That's good. That's also pretty good.


You should avoid those boulders in the future.


Seven plus-- nine.


Good cop, bad cop?


Okay, until Grog. I want to hold my action until Grog gets him to move. Until he moves out of--


You took the money! It was the little girl!


Updated it every day, didn't you?


That is true. Very true.


You should have Vax work that out, later.


Okay. I'll go over to the little boy and see if I can--


Father and mother-- I hope I do not let you down.


Fjord, you can, of course, stick that thing in the hole in that bottom room if you want, but if you like, my man Schmidt could do it, with little risk to the rest of us. If you like.


Get them, yeah!


I have the highest initiative?!


I can't-- nope, he's a construct.


O'Brien approves.


What did he say? What did he say?


How would you know that?


I want the dog for sure. Yes.


A snail? Aww!


I have a rod.


Maybe we can see how much we can trade of what we have, maybe we can get a little--


Still garbage?


Are you interested in going there?


I think you're beautiful.


I would like to know before we make any deals, we need a name.


Who's on the map right now?


Fastball Special. So, "Gymnast, hyup!"


Yeah, I just saw him mutter in Scanlan's ear as I take both of my blades and I'm just going to slash both of them across and he's surrounded, so this is a sneak attack, as well.


Quiet, sorry.


Is the ground still covered in glass?


I'm looking down and putting my hair down. Away.


Is anyone waiting to greet them?


They're not really attached, I'm sorry.


In the two carriages?


Did the arrows hit?


Fuck, he has a lot of tentacles.


Things you own end up owning you.


You know you can buy mittens?


You'll just get a cramp.


(cackles)


Double gooch shot!


I pull Percy aside. No, remember this town? They don't like magic and stuff and they get weird about potions. And all the-- what are they called? The Bastions all control the trade of potions, so people get weird. It's weird and illegal.


That's in charge, as far as I'm concerned.


Yeah, roll it out like a tennis ball for a dog.


Anyway, that's the long and short of it.


We were going to use this opportunity to find our way into its lair and find its weaknesses, and plan.


I watch awkwardly.


He's going for Sprigg!


It can only go better.


Is he wearing manacles?


What? You-- What?


That might be better.


Okay, cool. 11 there, with the dice and the adding.


Beauregard starts glowing.


Come on. Hey!


We seek knowledge.


Then I also get a flower necklace for Jester.


We fan out.


You always say that. That doesn't mean anything.


Heh! Look at Scanlan's wiener in that picture. (laughs)


Total of 20.


Emerald in one eye.


(cheering) Loot Crate!


Where I have to go is a little more involved.


Good craftsmanship.


Okay. I'm going to take a shot for the elbow.


Son?


Yeah, I'll move up to this northeastern corner up here. Turning and seeing the--


And once again casting, recasting Sanctuary on myself.


Get that epic loot drop.


Three spine devils and one bone devil?


How many hit points does it have?


Gosh darn it.


Okay. It takes a minute to cast.


No-- were you? Oh, that's the other pair.


We can just leave it as a symbol of our terror.


We killed the Briarwoods.


Good choice.


Off the edge of a cliff. (laughs nervously) It's a theme.


I say we scope out the hidden entrance, see if it's guarded, see if they've discovered it.


He didn't see a lot, did he?


Okay. Good to know. That's my action; that's my bonus action.


Cats with a catnip toy.


Is this another Blight, did he cast Blight again? Motherfuck.


That's 28. MATT Those do have disadvantage.


I step out into the hallway. Do I see Percy at all?


18, plus--


Yeah, but-- okay.


Sorry, sorry, that's a thing.


That is a wisdom saving throw!


I know, but I don't know how you're going to undo it.


That's worth it.


Yeah, see!


Oh, shit! I made something happen.


Oh my god, I rolled four sixes! And a five.


Oh, we have some unfinished business.


Do it, Batwoman.


I have a family name. No.


(chanting)


I gain a bonus to damage rolls that equals my proficiency modifier.


Oh shit, I forgot. Oh, there's urine everywhere. My mustache is falling off; it's terrible.


It's wonderful to see you, Vincent. I'm so sorry she went to go get you. I think we might be okay, and we got some answers.


The creature would probably give up and go back into hiding until we came out, I would assume.


(high-pitched) What are the odds?


Okay, vibe. What did she do?


Like castor oil?


Or where it comes from?


How often do sea monsters sprout up on you? Ever? I've never been on the sea.


Would you like an extra bed sent?


So tonight I will be performing, with my invisible wand, a ballet that I wrote to honor D&D Beyond. I may need a camera person. (laughter)


Wait, Bob Bobanon?


Is it the one we got at last Winter's Crest? That one? The one that we were using shards of it to carve through dimensions? Cool.


Wha--! Ow!


Hats?


I'm taking one.


No! Nixing it! This is my safe place.


(whispering) The Grand Duchess.


Yeah, but it's still sucky.


You have interesting taste in enemies, almost as interesting as mine. My name is Lillith.


That's perfect.


Convex would be funny. (laughter)


Yeah, me too, all right.


We didn't actually write that letter yet because I was waiting for his handwriting.


Is that Draconian?


We could. I found out that there's lots of black powder downstairs. If we wanted to make a getaway or something, we could go in, set it off, blow it up. Everyone would die, yeah! [laughter]


Yeah, I imagine we wandered back.


You might already know this, but I'm wearing my Cloak of Displacement, so he should be at disadvantage to hit me.


In response to him, I say, I thought you said you didn't let in the sick!


Hey, I think he's looking pretty rough.


Oh, that's okay. I like it when they're loud, actually, I relate.


Stop making that face. It can't kill me.


She just hit a sparrow on a paraglider.


(dreamily) Zahra.


Ogden?


Can you Plane Shift us from here, from the mansion?


What'd you do today? What'd you eat for breakfast?


All right, I will cast the mansion behind a rock.


I'm going to gird my loins.


That's with the double?


No, running.


I'm just going to wait until they finish their conversation.


But don't jump in without a rope.


I believe we're going to take WC, Loo, John, Crapper, and Toilet, but we're going to leave Loaf. (laughter)


Okay, bye. And we go.


I'm going to be crafting little seashell necklaces or hair bits for everybody-- I've been working on a hair bit.


I'm probably a bit wet too.


Yeah, the eyes, the eyes.


Oh, yeah. That makes sense. And the A?


We just have to--


Well, listen. Again, I'm not trying to kill the white dragon.


What do I say, I hold a dash? Or a hold a movement?


I will play with you! I'm not very good, so you can take so much money from me.


That's next.


I'm not even little anymore.


Come on. Die, die, die. Die.


Very much taking you up on that.


First cast!


One more time, please?


I head off that way.


I remember you have an ability to identify?


Not saying it is, Clarota.


Does hit.


No, you should. You weren't with us the night that all this went down, so they would not suspect you of anything.


Um, hello?


It's Smokey and the Bandit. I can't get him to stay.


Okay, so these trees that are moving appear to be living trees more or less, correct?


We've always sought out the path of the most glory, and I think that that is the Briarwoods. Going into a giant, vampire-lich-ridden castle and killing two evil bastards amid their army of protectors is the coolest thing we could ever do.


It is, it's lovely, isn't it?


Are we all supposed to get naked now? I don't--


It's Trinket and it's all salmon-based advice. (laughter)


He was very apologetic.


So, it's just very strong magic which makes her change what it is?


Is this Taryon?


While he's doing that, I'm going to say  I need a volunteer!


Trinket looks like a donkey.


So smile, you son of a bitch, basically, if we put it in his mouth?


It's a conductor room.


I don't care; I'll just keep going. Wizards who do magic, they have to pick it every day. Sorcerers invoke it. They learn it from their being and they cast it out that way. The character Tiberius, figuring him out, that predicted which way I went because I feel he would just have it within him to do. The whole thing is, he's the Keyser Soze of the group, in a way, where he's the false buffoon, but he knows exactly what he's doing when it comes to a battle and other particular things.


Do you have an adventurer's kit?


When were you cows?


Ellie did the dice.


They actually said they wanted us to chop firewood, so if we can get sent on that mission, we're set.


I pop Trinket out, cast Speak with Animals and have a nice fun conversation with him.


If he tries to fight or attack Fjord again, I could-- that's not going to work. Oh god.


Scanlan, how are you guys going up? Eagle? Carpet?


If I tell you, you will try to steal it from me.


I want to smell the ash. Does it smell like some sort of-- is it perfumed?


How much silver did you say there was?


Is Trinket frightened?


You're going to try to make eye contact with these people?


You should try it sometimes or just see, you know. I know he can't hear.


I'm running over to see that staff with an eye in it.


Well, I stole 75 gold from my friend without him being here to speak for it, so I feel like it's fair.


I'll go down a bit.


One Punch Man.


That makes sense-- but still, still, no. No, we're not going to go in here to be sold in the middle of the night.


Yeah, we're not going to see her.


Yeah, advantage to charisma rolls. If he’s not under attack or thinks he’s threatened.


So I'm actually making this a leg shot. Burning that. That's a 22?


Oh my god. Literally, oh my shitty, undead god.


I'm not exactly sure. He may be dead. He captained a ship that I worked on for many years and there was an incident.


I take Pike by the hands and I will Dimension Door out through the glass to where she put her hand on the hidden gem. Is that right?


Holy ba-Jesus, guys.


Stairs?


You did good.


That's Cervex.


Two ones in a roll.


No, me and you, we went outside.


Okay, I'm going to take out a stick of gum, I'm going to open it, I'm going to chew it a little bit, and I'm going to take it out and then I am going to pluck one of my eyelashes and put it inside the gum, and I'm going to keep chewing it and then I'm going to blow a bubble and the bubble is going to get bigger and bigger until it's bigger than me. When it pops, it covers my whole body and I disappear. So I go invisible.


So she's covered in food as well.


Another one? Oh, good.


So no one's right next to it? I'm the closest one?


Is there anyone else around, by the way?


What? Move on, friend.


Right! Let's find ourselves a marketplace and an inn!


The tree is the spawning spot.


Is the creature blinded from the pokey-poke?


Oh, and she doesn't look like she's bleeding from the eyes?


Oh boy. We're not going to-- are we going to fight this thing?


On the bag.


I start singing.


But how are we going to get all the people back if we don't have horses to pull the cart?


Without holding onto the other end? No, no, no, I know what he means.


Are there any windows or anything or is it all a big, dirty, dingy mess?


Okay, then you and I can get in the barracks.


Maneuver around.


It was--


I do my meditation.


We'll write a good comment card when we get back.


20/20. Do we want to set up shop here or do we want to set up shop in the temple of Kord?


I use my abilities and try to camouflage the body so that nobody finds him.


So they're dead, huh?


(ting)


You're right. And then he'll help us for sure.


Do you have random encounters ready, in case we're like, "ah, fuck it, I don't wanna go down to the dungeon, I wanna go back up and beat up some dwarves." Do you have shit kind of ready?


The guy who's running Canada is very young, so we're going to have to wait a while.


We should toast to Vax'ildan, our fallen member.


Oh, no, no, no. And I reach into my bag of holding and pull out 100 gold and say, it would mean a lot to me and to my teammates if you would cooperate in this mission. It might even save a life.


I think so, too. In her weird, sort of stoic way, she seems to care about you.


I can go 120 feet. I can make about 120 feet wall.


That guy knew way too much about everything.


I want to see if I can see him.


But you're off to the side. You're not on it. Are you on it?


I'll be dead by the time I go.


Okay, I'm going to run, I'm going to use my bonus action to activate one of my swords.


We have really small group meetings. It's usually just me.


We wait for Pike. We wait until Gilmore's up and standing and we bring Pike here with us.


If you do-- he's wonderful.


Imgur.


Are there several dozen people, or is it--


Go to the creature tab on D&D Beyond.


Both strikes? Okay.


You can see why I'm a little curious about this item.


No, it's fine, it's fine, it's fine.


I think we actually have been there before.


Spice it? Spice it? Fusaka!


Well, they're not going to come with us, are they?


I need two more d10s.


So we tell him.


We're day drunk!


Yeah. Sleep until the afternoon.


I know, but what was my character's name?


We're not leaving tonight, right?


The good one!


Are you going to stay behind?


I'm going to take my blade, slit it in its throat, pull its tongue through and give him a Xhorhasian necktie! (cheering)


That was a terrible plan.


Drop the Blindness.


I know you mentioned to Pike before about a blood curse. Do you actually believe in the curse or do you believe that it's because of the life the Trickfoots lead? I know you've worked hard to get away from them.


I know, I just don't have any level two slots.


Stride like a tree. Seriously, that text is really tiny. I've never taken it into account. It makes me feel old.


Yeah, but as long as you do a guard that’s semi-recognizable.


Do you have any left on you?


That athletics is already sweet, though.


That's quite unfortunate. I've been given a task here in town. Algar, does he do a lot of business here on the wharf?


That's really cool.


Do you get them at Reproductions, too?


Can I keep on? (guitar noises)


Oh. I-- so many more questions than answers. (all laugh)


I collect a lot of things, but in the last place we hunkered down, it was all taken from me. We were in one of those prisons before-- Am I sharing too much? I'm sharing too much, aren't I? We were in a prison, they took all of our belongings. I lost all of my collections. I had a lovely rock collection. I had a rare coin collection. I had a stick collection. Yeah, it's all gone now.


Hip-hop-ipotimi.


He might not believe you or really anything about me.


Tiberius and Keyleth were not happy.


A tree is just a door that hasn't been made yet, remember.


Craft fair Laura is dying.


You never know. It's a good basement. You could keep a lot of roots down there. It'd be very fresh.


Okay. So much stuff to do and discuss.


I've got the carpet.


I'm looking at one that would be wonderful. Just something to think about.


(singing) Ooh, that's not going to go well for anyone.


Thank you. Just promise me you'll that tell Pike about this.


Come with me.


It was an 18. He rolled 18.


Oh, just how much we love life.


Give me anything.


Grog, don't do that. Not that far. Grog, come back, because if they see him--


Now, can we maybe make sure that everybody in the room is who they say they are?


Sorry, necklace. The Raven's Slumber necklace.


And we've got to figure out how to start putting your accomplishments on yours soon.


And we're helping them figure out where to punch to make everything--


Sure! Yes, of course she is. Yeah.


I used the bonus to rage in the first place.


So there's a big gap and then there's more path further.


Fucking anime actors. (laughter)


Maybe you can make it a pet.


We did pretty good, you guys. We got pretty far.


That was the best sleep I have had in a long time.


35 years?


We're not going to touch this. We're going to take these to our friends who know what to do with it.


Everybody's vomiting.


Oh yes. A divining rod. A rod to the divine. Perhaps I am a divining rod.


I see adventure over this way! Too bad you won't be there to see it!


That hits. So that's 18 points of damage.


We're supposed to make sure they're not part of something larger that's heading in--


I don't know. I haven't tried in a while.


Oh, my god!


Oh, we can just use them?


I have not. We have not searched the castle yet, though.


I feel like it's all gone to shit.


That's a very long discussion, but I meant actual location for them.


I have one dragon fang around my neck.


We need to get those-- those leathers, those vestiges or whatever, and get the-- out of here.


I'm going to assume. Let's do the Crossroads.


What are you interested in?


How much do you write and how much do you improv? I mean, someone said, how much do we write and how much do we improv? Everything the players do is improv.


The whole time I was like, that seems wrong to me; that it's so low.


Who cares about the whisper, what's going on, Sam?


Is this one of those sea monsters they were talking about?


Whatever you want to look like.


Do I have to make a save?


I rage first.


Have all the answers.


So Percy, you're first, everybody follow through. So any families here? Families?


I don't need to have a known location, right? I can just scry in a general area, yeah?


I have a question, sorry.


Okay, so now we know the order to push the buttons and the amount of times to push the buttons.


I mean, she has a point. I know how to use arcane artifacts.


Okay. Then I'm going to try just doing a regular attack through the magical bow of fire. And that is 17.


Straight.


Because Sylas killed him. Right?


If we see that he has it. How do we know that he has it?


Ka-pew!


I've never seen you quite so chipper.


I don't know, I was writing it! I didn't know if I was going to say it to you or give it to you, so I panicked and I-- I'm sorry.


That can mean a lot of things.


Two votes. Three votes. Four, five votes.


I'm just going to try and shove it until I hit something and then pull.


Are they into the initiative order, just gameplay talk?


Cry myself to sleep?


Ah, shit! He's stupid!


Do you know anybody that's graduated from that academy?


I crouch down so Nott can--


Oh, he doesn't look happy. I feel like I just pissed off the DM.


I'll steal it back from him if I need, but it should be fine.


Wait, it's still working?


Do you recall what you told me once?


It sounds like it would be a mind flayer, of sorts.


Is this a real cat? Or is this a fake cat?


Or I could, or I was thinking I could cool off the magma and we could break it.


No, that's very true. Oh, god.


What does he look like? What are we doing?


Okay, I'll fire.


Would somebody end this, please?


That's right. If it's amateur hour, we're going to be shooting ourselves in the foot.


Or an island where we--


(straining) A squared plus B squared equals C squared!


All right. Fine. I'll use my speed to approach 15 feet. Half of 30.


Vax is using his free hand to cover his eyes.


It could be safe, if he's---


Ooh, what are Lady Kima's and Clarota's alignments? Can we know that?


The other one was a Potion of Climbing, which we decided--


Well yeah, there's damage plus a saving throw. He has to make a constitution saving throw.


You know. Dander.


(gasps) I take it, and I put it on, and I'm like: Now I'm a real pirate!


200 seconds. All right.


God dang it!


What you reading there, Jester?


15. Investigation? Wait, hold on. Investigation. Never mind, that's a six.


Ashley, come back!


Oh. Yeah. Probably.


Well, you said not to whisper.


The Hand can't do anything else.


What is it? What happens on the show?


Yes, it is a 4th-level spell, it's Divination.


Predator helmet? Yes!


"Are you hungry? I'm kind of hungry."


I'm going to grab the armor, if you don't mind.


So this is the beam. And we're going to attack this one and this one, yeah?


Pick up and walk.


I'll take a look in there. I'll walk towards the pool at the very least. I'm going to pick up any of the Moonweaver pieces.


It's right there.


Before everybody gets on the boat, can I run over to the docks because I'm not shackled, and I try to find the jewels that I dumped off the docks.


I'm a straight-up hoarder in Fallout.


Do you still know that handshake? Do you remember the--


Maybe--


Oh, he had such a face. I will never forget this face. (laughter)


You can do something, if you like. Pot! Pot!


We make people sigh a lot.


In real life or the game?


That was gonna go right in my mouth!


Are there monsters in this lake?


Roll them twice. Whoa!


Is there a way to turn off the effect?


Unlock it? Yes.


23, and 22.


Yeah, I would like to turn and put my back to Vex, because she has the skull.


That was fucking sick!


Flipping those pages.


Stupid wrench.


We'll see what happens now. 24 points of damage.


I'm going to run to my room and get my things. Have we had-- we have not had anything vaguely resembling a short rest at this point.


I don't know if that's--


Where's home for a traveling circus?


But he's got a good tan now and some scars, his clothes are kind of fucked up.


Yes, go, run.


To answer your question, there is an origin of Tiberius, fully written. I won't say it all right now, but he comes from a political family, and there's a whole bunch of layers to him. He is a thought-out character. The buffoonery is half-planned.


I could maybe use, like, Thaumaturgy to create a thunder sound.


Yeah, you know. It's... mmm. You know. (all laugh)


Fuck up that crew, fuck up that crew, fuck up that crew!


I pet Trinket, calm him down.


What are those things coming out of the shell? Green tubes?


I feel so special.


Performing illicit acts.


Ooh, 13.


Wow, what a way to lead off the round!


He's looking at me, he's looking at me.


Stephen King novel.


No. no, It said small, it said small, Liam!


Well no, we can go from tree branch to tree branch. Are they tightly enough connected that we can travel on the top of the trees?


I believe you're right. Never mind.


A little birdy told me there might be bracers here?


All right hop on. I hop on.


Well, I'm up to level six. (laughter)


Fuck, fuck, fuck!


Correct!


So, and they are prepared for more. They're also happy to be a base of operations as we put things together.


Do you know her name? Remember her name? I can probably find it. It would take a minute of digging, through. Hang on. I've got to go back to my old notes. I've got to go back to my old D&D notes. Keep doing stuff.


Unless you like them. Do you like them?


That's included in the dungeoneering kit, right?


(retching noises) (laughter)


How great would that be?


I am! (laughter)


Because that's what I want to do.


Just has to miss three.


Oh, it's got too much?


Okay, I'm going to pop out and I'm going to heal Keyleth, because you're hurting?


Or I do my two attacks?


The Briarwoods are broken and gone. You can die today, or you can take your licks and help rebuild this city. No one is here to protect you or save you. You can work hard, start again.


I'm just going to double-check. It'll be fine. Just going to double-check, real quick. They haven't started anything yet. I'm just going to take a peek.


Castle Greyskull Keep.


From this year, yeah.


I think we make a good team. I think there's more to be had here.


Does that name mean anything to Caleb?


I'm totally fucking down. I'm in.


No, I'm going to hold my position.


Tell him it's Grog's--


Sure. Can I tell what the herbs are?


There is only one god, and it is--


PDT (laugh)


The first one-- mm-hmm, nine damage.


Your book helps.


It's my turn?


The second time it succeeded immediately.


Okay, please hit.


All right, well. Okay. (all laugh)


And remember, he bleeds damaging liquids.


Is that from a light source inside, or from sunlight coming in?


Well, I just football tackle him. (impact) Water right through his form. Steam rolls off of me. (hiss)


How's my penmanship?


How about your friend Ashton over there?


So did you.


Well, I imagine we should also be listening carefully right now, as well as then.


And is it a big circular shape?


I think he isn't thinking that way at all, and honestly--


You wanna pull it out?


Sure, I'm not trying to pry. I was just curious where you were going.


Can you chew it?


Well, I will Cutting Words it for my attack. No, he's going to hit me no matter what. Who's in the path?


Damn, Sarenrae is really freaking powerful.


Yeah, here.


Yeah, this is great.


What do you mean by the goods?


I remember you doing that.


Ah-- what? What?


"You open a gateway to the dark. 20-foot radius sphere of blackness and bitter cold."


Man, how long of a jog is that?


But still really cool!


No, let him take it!


He kicked the highlights out of his hair!


No, that's all right, dear. Five thousand gold.


Before shit started going wrong?


But he didn't. He hasn't attuned himself to the thing yet.


I smash things with my stick.


Yaaay!


Well, somebody hijacked all my good pencils when I was gone.


Bone?


It might be like a cool combo move.


I've forgotten entirely what we're supposed to do now. Insight check! I got nothing.


Can I jump this gap where Molly is and avoid the webbing?


Yeah, walk us through an oak tree!


Keep our distance. We don't know what door they're coming out.


Well, is Divine Fury an extra d6.


Grog, go punch it.


Can we carry all of our friends' stuff on a horse? We have six horses, I think.


I mean, I can try. Might be shit. How are you going to hide?


Is this one of those dreams where nobody has their clothes on?


I'm going to Mage Hand throw the ball bearing first, just as a signal to go. On the three-two-one.


Wait a minute. Wait a minute. (sighs) I'm new to this, but - Can I cast Lay on Hands on myself?


Well I just want to get our people out.


Can I try to rip it off of him?


Yes? What are you telling me?


He's bringing out the hentai.


Another one there.


Oh, can we talk normal? Oh.


You're a champ.


Don't look at him.


And John Lennon.


This close to the ceiling.


An octopus?


I'm just using him as partial cover.


I know a lot of Australians.


And that's two lines. Boom.


Oh, yeah. Just, you know, I think I can punch ghosts now.


No. You can't have a better accent than all of us.


Go for it! Don't think, act!


I'm going to push his head underneath the water.


Shut down!


(groans) I will reduce that to three.


Oh god it hurts.


Okay, now you're going to get a bunch of mayonnaise shipped to our PO box. (laughter)


It's fine. I cast Prestidigitation and clean it all up.


Let's go get him.


Just on his teeth.


Oh, yay.


Has she actually been hit by the Hex, by the way?


He's rolling well.


If we were all hidden, we would have a distinct advantage.


And how long a period from the blade swinging, to swinging back. Like a half a second?


Well, yes. Eventually she will pay for it. I don't want to waste all of the money she sends on paying for the room, you know?


Lucky chap.


We just need to get in the fucking mansion.


Well, let's travel for a bit and then we'll take a proper break.


You're right. If you think we're looking weird, we should trust that.


Well, I may poke around and see if there's another way I could help. But before I do, is this fun for you? Do you like running this business, or almost running it?


I start examining my fingernails and moving closer to Scanlan. (laughter)


Oh, no. It was a crazy trip though.


No, no. No, no, no, no. There's only one man for me.


You probably were! I see sweat!


What the fuck is it? What is it, Percival? What is it?


I'm going to throw a little cash and I'm going to write a little letter. I'm going to ask Jared to very very quietly--


Get a room you two! (laughter)


It's something I'm still working out. I haven't talked to Matt about it.


Not sure why.


(sing-song) You can never go back!


But a good Revivify might help.


16 (mumbles) 29.


In here, we're Lucien.


You still have your action, right?


Well, I'm casting Tree Stride.


I thought this was an open tent-commune thing.


Yeah, canary blocking.


There is a halfling wrapped in parchment paper underneath the shop.


Shit, Potion of Flying.


You literally do that to Scanlan. Like you... to Scanlan?


Divine Sense? Divine Sense. That sounds like something real--


Third shot for the run. Fucking--


It's got little stand-up trees, and the little creatures are very Miyazaki-looking, and the whole thing's got a very Candyland for goth kids vibe. The dice glow, which I also think is really cool.


Should we go there? Should we skip it, Clarota?


That's because Ashley's not here to roll initiative for herself. 20 for Beau.


Oh God!


I think he'd like that.


It lightninged us.


Sidebar, Rich Little was an impressionist from the 70s and 80s, kids. Thank you.


Just feel like-- and I'll try and be subtle as possible that only the people in the room would hear. (whispering) There are people that we can't see. I just don't feel like this is the best place to converse.


He understands Common, that's fair.


Oh, and!


So we can be like, where do I find the other fourth of my tribe.


Yeah, no. (Infernal coughing)


Against my?


I'm definitely going to take an attack of opportunity on that one.


I reach into the bag of holding and I pull out a little leather pouch.


We're all going to die!


I cast Enhance Ability on Scanlan.


Guys, fucking focus! Focus!


What? (Light sound effect)


You bastard.


I drop to my knees, and I do Commune With Nature.


Ooh, I'd be happy to discuss it. I could learn a great deal from you as well.


I'm going to release my--


And that is 12.


Oh. We'd have to hike to get there? No, there's gotta be trees that I can Tree Stride there to.


Show us your ditties!


No, you're going to win.


You can fit in there.


I've got Magic Missiles. I've got all sorts of shit. I can do Stinking Clouds, I can make them see things, I can blow open their doors. I can do it. You guys go have fun.


I'll take an errant dagger or two.


Go ahead. Sorry.


I have questions for us, while Pike is looking up her spells. First question is: how on earth are we supposed to send a signal to the rest of the town when we're in a tunnel?


Was it Kima? Kima! Kima worships Bahamut.


Greyskull?


I have my card, wait--


Then they're really sad, and they will be happy that one of their children--


I just want to point out that, if we pick up one more stray, there will actually be nine of us.


Melf. M-E-L-F.


I'll take my own room if y'all don't want in.


Clang, clang-clang.


My name is pronounced Liam. (laughter)


We both take each one and open up the cabinet.


12 on my acrobatics.


4d4 plus four?


You can? (all cheer)


Is it better to do that here or on the Prime Material Plane? Or does it really matter?


Oh shit. Wow, you really went down.


Am I tearing this place down?


Mm, all right. Not the full name, but enough.


And then he said something about Astrid.


Please, we need your input.


It would be a good thing.


I can take you over there.


That would be the most awkward humping ever.


I dig a trench.


Taller than the other three that were in the chamber?


Sorry, my bad.


Do you see anything on the other side?


Why was Liam crying in the hallway?


So he knows where we are, so we have to leave now.


Yes, but we'll be in Whitestone.


Apparently, blue shit is charmed in these lands.


I'll do my best.


Ah, we should leave.


Well, I can't see inside it, so I don't know. But I'm sure there's some sort experiment we could do to-- It's all right, you can have as much as you want. It's endless.


I could go over and just take a look.


That’s a very nice way to put it.


I'm across the bar just fucking dancing alone. (laughter)


And if they ask what we think?


Careful, they're very old.


Well, now! At the moment, though, there's no excuse.


I will fire at this ghost.


Yeah, suck it.


No, yeah it's a racial ability.


No, I know, but why? We haven't paid you-- okay.


Do you have any climbing gear or anything?


Running!


Have you led a group like this before?


How about you did three bowls?


Oh. Cool. Yeah. Totally knew about that place.


That doesn't hit me.


We've seen long-dead people. This is fucking creepy in the upside-down. (airplane noise)


Whatever, as long as we're flying, maybe we can be stealthy. We'll be stealhty bats.


I am Leslie.


We go. We follow.


Yeah! (meowing)


How about 9,000 gold pieces?


Oh! Does that mean he takes more damage?


It was really cool, though.


Just as something that happened, during that whole family conversation I was scanning the room and the bookshelves for anything interesting, anything out of sorts, anything out of place.


The kraken.


Who? (hushed laughter)


Do you guys still have one of those wands?


That's the thing.


-- inner working dynamics in this group that you don't know anything about--


I've spent a long time on the road, too.


I'm a big fan of Hallucinatory Terrain.


It's just an open door with a bunch of buttons and a flask in it.


Trinket, don't ever listen to him. He's horrible.


Bad - what's the difference?


No, plus ten would be 11 because he rolled a one.


I believe him!


Insight check. (laughter)


Can I grab her?


I touch one, too.


(quietly) There is some gross shit in this bag. (laughter)


I've stopped peeing myself.


Stink eye?


(voice breaks) So the--


I had a mission.


Can we fashion snow boots?


I'm starfished on my bed.


But at least it's not a critical attack.


You could have got your own prize!


The second one is a 29.


I'll take a few.


We are not making a holy hand grenade.


But she wanted to take it back to Emon. That is not appropriate, we need to destroy this.


The greed! The greed gets me.


That's a really big cat paw.


Frumpkin, go take a look at that, if you wouldn't mind.


I think I have Cassandra.


Okay, well, beyond helping our recently passed friend, how do you feel about helping people who are on the edge of life and death in captivity?


That's one way of looking at it.


It's like someone ordered a special at an extremely expensive tiki bar.


This got weird.


It's been a while.


First, I'm very happy for you. Congratulations!


About that time I reach and grab Percy's hand before he leaves the door. Percy. Percy!


Coffee, coffee.


Yes, we take the carpet out.


I'll hand off the wheel to someone and I'll go down to the side of the ship and I'll summon the falchion.


You have advantage.


Yeah. Oh my god, I'm going to take the belt off.


Yes. You ready for the day?


TD. (laughter)


They won't attack us! We're many, and they're few.


What does this look like? What does this look like to you?


Sure. You owe me six gold.


Against magic? That's better. 17.


That worked real well!


I'm going to fly over and land on Keyleth's shoulder and hold my attack for as soon as the fucknut appears.


And then I'll kill them.


24 points of damage.


Is he a fan of the show?


Oh, we have a map of some sort? Should we lay it out on the table and see if--


These are probably the Water Ashari, aren't they?


Yay! Did I get pushed out of the coals from the water?


Well, maybe the pyramid heated up could make a difference.


We could find a candy store.


The mace damage--


It's passive.


Well, they just don't send me anywhere. It's a paperwork thing.


I was waiting for a fluorescent light to turn on. No, it was good, you were engaged.


I play a shawm. No, I just speak Common and Gnome.


Yeah, I think it's got some potential. Do you mind if I hold on to it for a bit?


Used to it, used to it. Pike. I had a front row seat to the Briarwoods, and that blade that Grog has now that we have never seen before came off of Sylas Briarwood.


Three. All right. Now, to the upper right-hand corner.


Thank you. We're here late in the day; are you still open for business?


It's a fun romp after the Feywild, a fun romp.


You've seen it.


Give it sunlight.


We'll go on a quick pub crawl.


Maybe he's born with it.


Oh, question  Matt, did you move me two groups of movement? Because it would be for the bonus action, action, and movement. So it'd be one more third.


All right, last ki point. Flurry of Blows.


Well, I have mine. Then you bought some too, right?


This time, I run around him because I'm super quick and like using this new speed I've never experienced. And I jump on his back from around and I try to choke him.


How much do you need? For what?


Don't let them leave. I agree with that.


Being grappled by a troll, one thing at a time.


She's messing with you.


Dear god, I hope that works.


Oh, so it's going to--


Oh! Okay, cool. 17?


Who's in the building?


They were worth a total of 13 gold.


And our Heroes' Feast.


How many that she wants to sit with her--?


We've got a mansion.


One hour.


That's okay. I'm heavier than I look.


(singing) Stay alive.


I don't know what that means, though. (all laugh)


I have a weird thing, too. I'm doing a thing where if you have a PS4 and you follow me on Twitter, @orionacaba, every 20 followers, I'm going to randomly pick one person. I'll tweet at you, and then tweet me your PS4 handle, and I'll add you to my friends list and we can play together.


How about wait 30 seconds and go?


Can I ask a clarification question? The mojo they have on me: do I think they're my best friends in the world, or is it more Kilgrave; I do whatever they say, but have my own opinion trapped away?


This is the first conversation I've ever been in in this group where I feel young.


With a D, okay.


I feel like I wouldn't have let it go that far? I--


Oh god. 14 doesn't hit him.


(yells out) Ah, I'm so awesome, Pike! (all laugh)


The second is a 24.


I'm learning. I'm learning.


I am unconscious.


I didn't say it on the first.


I don't think I've seen you eat anything other than pastries.


Oh, um, yeah, that's--


Seems like we're up against either vampires or liches. Prepare the troops. There will be some changes made to the keep over the next couple of days. We shall shore up security, as well.


There's like a rudder, right? Nott, rudder, the boat!


Who has the boomstick?


Yeah, I know, and I had one stored in my ring.


What about the trap? Is he out of the trap then, too?


Should we call it the roly-poly or the cannonball?


There's more to respect and honor than just money. A lot more. In fact, generally money tends to make you--


Where is Keg? Did I just run past Keg on my way?


Quick point of order, who's got the node? We should probably decide now.


I did have one made in-game--


I think-- shall we?


Fair chance is better than none.


I like this plan. It's ridiculous.


We did that a bit while you were gone, but yes.


It's outside the room.


Light.


Santy is so wise.


That was a 33.


Name one other.


We're going to beat up everybody, right?


He's on the whole cart though, right?


Yeah. No, inches.


We're just trying out the gym. We're not fully committed to it yet.


Eyy. LAURA Ho-ly dang. I should have kept those jewels!


We learned something! Second attack, got to roll better than a fucking four! That definitely hits.


Normally 18.


This has great power.


Yes, but we get there much faster if we fly. And I go.


I'll discuss a warning system to get people underground.


Fuck! I don't have any reach with my stick.


So Percy at advantage then, right?


Technically--


Okay, okay, hang on, hang on.


Should we have feasted last night?


Did it work?


Bit off more than we could chew by us saying yes to both.


That's... That's pizza! I'm looking for my dice. I didn't think this through. 25 points of damage.


A dog, I like dogs.


Not a sorcerer?! You got it wrong!


The second does not hit, but the first one obviously does.


Yeah, I don't think you were around yet. But I love you so much!


And I can't remember, Evasion has nothing to do with this?


I think that's it.


I'll just do Cure Wounds.


(laughs) That's true.


It could go now, but we can't go fast, they'll see a moving bucket.


Ooh, you are turning me on right now.


Was she not complimenting me?


Just a little bit.


They're Uggs.


I don't give it to Percy, I let it land on the carpet.


Oh! It's beautiful! You did a really good job in here decorating.


Oh crap, my boots are stuck together. How is this happening? Okay. Yeah, the hook on the top there.


Does that hit?


Or something that we would totally do.


Wait there's glue on the--


God, I hope his name is Harold.


Okay, great. Thank you.


(gasp) You do?


Depends on the storm, I guess.


Yeah, they could get through it.


Aldor, Aldor, Aldor.


They need to start hiding food.


Jester, is the lollipop the flat kind or the round kind?


I'm going to inspire him with a little, (sings) Boom, clap, the sound of your gun, the beat goes on and on and on and on. Boom, clap-- That's all I got


Yeah, I'm still blessed.


I go get a blanket and cover him.


Yeah, and we haven't used the yellow potion yet.


I hand it over, and I tell her, I'm a druid of the Ashari people and I know several worshippers of Melora, but wasn't necessarily a believer of her powers.


(heavy sigh) I'm okay.


Everyone says words. I don't know what all these words mean. What's a douchebag?


Oh really?!


I think it's how I'd like to see myself.


Let's get some lemon juice and a candle.


It's on the genie guy.


Incredibly difficult, he means to say.


A giant anvil?


How many books you got there?


No, we're like hopping down off the carpet, and I just want to look around for tracks!


Okay. I say, up! Fly! Lift up! Fatty Arbuckle! Shenanigans! Ren and Stimpy, I don't know.


How far we've come.


Carefully then?


I don't see it at all.


Yeah, it's not quite alive.


I'm scanning the entire store for him. I want to find him.


Ah! But I was at six!


You can get a lot of them on that bridge and then cut it.


Thank you, Liam. ♪ What will the Washington football team do when they face the Cowboys? ♪


RIP.


Ooh, yeah! Can you give me one going back this way?


Are they trying to save your town? Is it a town? Is it your home?


That's the saddest thing.


Thug Life glasses come down, joint comes up.


You have something in your throat, Molly.


Maybe we should talk about the whole Nicodranas thing really fast?


What is it? Wait, I want to see it! Pull up the chat room!


Is there is a taxidermist, is what I think she's asking.


In his pooper.


You know what, Scanlan, that might be the most questions you've ever asked me about myself.


Oh my word, this is fascinating!


There's a third team?


-- off to chase them.


Are we out of the room?


Balls. Okay. (singing) Don't fail me, Raven Queen, like you've done so many times before. (speaking) That is a 17.


A burn on yourself?


So sweet.


It's huge, can we carry that?


The gnome has got this.


Five more minutes, please!


To hit me? Yeah.


Those are really, really strong.


Anywhere I can be helping Fjord. If they need help with the lines--


As I leave the Horn there, I turn to where the door is. Obelisk of Stone. I seal up the entryway.


I'm going to pick one up and bring it to Keyleth. For you. Well done. (applause)


I can make tunnels.


Yes, keep going.


But you can double your movement.


Names. Information.


I pull the Moon and I pull the Shadow. Does this mean anything to you?


I pull out a dragon's tooth from Umbrasyl out of my pocket and I toss it to him. That's the result of the doings of your children. You should be very proud.


Yes, it is. Just with my modifier?


Thought we were going to be starting a brand-new Shadowrun campaign next week!


I'm going to hit the button to re-close the-- to close the--


Who gives a fuck?


It's 1000 feet.


I pick up Keyleth, I give her a big squeeze. Oh, thank you.


I don't want to set a time on it, but--


Oh Jesus, 37?


I will make a religion check.


What's that sound?


For holding Zahra and Kash, and the monsters? Because I stabbed him in the face? Or in the ass as he ran.


Would you calm down?


Percy. The string's leaving a mark in my chin and cheeks. I feel like now is a good time to put the hat back in its place of holding. Will you guide me to the hallowed area from whence it came?


Yeah, that's everything within ten feet.


Go Phillip!


Angry happy face with a goatee.


And Twiggy goes-- back.


You watched it?


Oh yeah. I'm getting nervous. Got to admit, I'm getting nervous. I'm running out of cool shit to do.


You ate raw meat with me.


For the sake of brevity, can I roll one beard check?


Wait, can you fly?


Do you remember anything?


Oh, he grabs me!


We head downstairs.


Vax is going in with you.


Okay. Well, he appears to be in his bedroom, definitely in the citadel. As she said.


That's what we do!


She doesn't have a sense of time, she won't know.


Just go on a little walkabout.


Of course it has, Taliesin.


Who's not grappled?


This sort of thing isn't going to get us anywhere. Pike. Think you can give him back his eye?


Your stomach is glowing.


I have to sing it?


But you dream about islands, and you go to them.


Foster Wayne Brian.


Grog is stone.


Why would they just be left in the road?


That's cool, but then I still have my war caster ability, too, right? I have advantage?


I pulled this the first time I met him.


30. I'm charisma as fuck! (laughter)


What might your name be, kind stranger?


So we covered our bases. Out of curiosity What are you called?


We can make this work.


We spoke to Tooma in Common.


Tobin's Spirit Guide?


Self-deprecation? Oh, honesty.


I think that was the end of your ghost friend.


(whispering) I like cats.


We have a couple of rooms.


20 points.


This is a wisdom modifier plus d20?


Am I going around in circles?


But you can't.


Knuckles. By the way, can I see that manhole cover you guys have been carrying around this whole time?


Like Captain America, not many?


What? Duel?


We stick together.


Actually, can we have a few minutes to discuss this?


(gasps) Ah! I turn around and start running towards it.


Was we had a boat dance.


Make the right decision, girl!


Does it take my move to just stand up?


(laughing) What?


I wear Cold Snap Leather Armor.


I said a spyglass and you pulled out a bird.


Probably not. We should go.


Fucking Swede.


The answer is yes. Let's get on with it.


Thank you for welcoming us and allowing us to buy this round.


(whispers) Percy! Could you give me a hand over here?


Constitution. So 12.


See you soon.


All right. Ow! Fuck you! Stop it!


Heal and sleep.


Perfection! (laughs)


I'm going to go stealth toward the door to see what the hell is going on out there.


Is that a raise or not?


Yeah, I rolled less than Jester.


First blood.


That's the same damn fucking roll. Piece of shit.


Let's jump over this little hump.


Quite a headache! Coffee, the bacon that I had in my pocket from yesterday.


I'm always with you.


I still have my hands guiding Percy, our blind human.


Nope, you should not.


Yeah. Actually, yeah.


Yeah, same panel.


Nothing travels faster.


Oh, do you even have to roll the attack on that?


But they're just townsfolk.


Some razor blades up in them.


Is there any light? Any light source? There's no natural light? We're not walking towards any type of light?


25 for looking for traps.


Well, I'm going to make it move away, and then once we're in I'm going to yank--


We have her signature, let's forge it.


Oh, she ran out of range. Okay.


Oh right. Behind the tapestry, right?


It's extremely magically dangerous. They should not set foot inside the place at all.


No, we do what we want.


This is so exciting!


I take some time in my morning prep to do a little meditation, and I take my flame hands and I do some like, traditional Ashari war paint, kinda thing, going on.


Oh? I thought that happened last night, dear.


Ooh, that's a nine.


We're going to Goonies this really quickly here. Ready?


Persuasion with disadvantage?


Why is everyone talking like this?


Fuck no!


Seven days in a week or in a week, like five days?


You know, not a lot to see there. There's a lot of goliaths and a lot of other bad guys walking around, oppressing very nice-looking people.


He's marking off a resistance. You just did that, didn't you?


We totally called it.


Wait, I'll use my last luck of the day to make him reroll that.


It was a slow jam.


Well, here's the thing you need to know about Uriel. And I take a step back.


Textiles and beer?


You'll always be my number one love.


Senokir. Took a ten-minute break and that's it. Senokir, is there a way we could-- If I wanted to Plane Shift home, is there a way that I could Plane Shift right back here and not get, you know, our heads chopped off for it?


Who is your daddy, and what does he do? (laughter)


You have multiple reactions?


I just want to update my iPhone, jesus!


We found a bunker.


That oddly made way too much sense.


We have to cover this up.


Platinum zirconia.


You've gotta get it better.


With disadvantage. I am sharpshooter.


You're full of shit, aren't you?


No, that's what I was about to look for, too.


We should also have him help us in your--


Better ask first.


That fails.


I rolled a two. So my investigation is five. Which is how old I'm turning. (laughter)


(sings) I want to sing a song of inspiration, of inspiration! (laughter)


So you don't need to do that.


You could enlarge, maybe. You can enlarge and come up out of it.


She started before we got here. Just keep it coming. Thank you.


We suck.


We've got tents!


Shit. (laughs)


Hey guys, we should press him for information about this passage.


Wait till you see the sprinkler system.


And his agent is dead. His person out here is dead.


Like, a fucking eye or a tattoo of an eye?


Matt only has to manage 22 individual characters right now.


Okay. I mean, that's--


Yeah, by all likelihood we shouldn't be. That's fun. Good times, good times. What about you, Vex? What are you doing after we take a retirement?


(dismayed) Oh!


Will it transfer when I change armor?


Yes, behind this pole so I'm not in range of--


And it's at the halfway point between where she is and where I'm standing.


Trinket's arms don't bend that way. Trinket, you can do it.


Oh, it's terrible.


Send all your complaints to Mike Mearls and Chris Perkins at Wizards of the Coast.


I'll be on the carpet.


Kids are a deep financial drain, man!


You're not going to send me out there to die, Percy.


2nd-level. Okay. And what is it? 2d4 plus six. 11 points.


Yes! I would like to fix my gun. Just a giant pile of tools.


In Gnome, I say, absolutely m'lady. Whatever you would request.


I'm looking for gaps or holes or anything in the ceiling of this cavern or anywhere to get out. MATT; You see entrances to homes that are built into the sides.


We have a natural one


(singing) Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me!


(whispering) Can you please fix Grog's back?


I look right at Vax. Why did you do that to that young man?


Damage?


Fire! Put the flames out!


Ooh, that's gross, and I'm going to empower that spell, as well. So it's four, and I'm going to pick four out of these six-- no! I rolled a six. (counts quietly) 29.


I'm going to do rogue's evasion. I'm going to use Matt Colville's die made of iron from a meteorite.


We tied them.


Molly, how is it?


I don't know yet. I don't know the schedule.


War and Peace?


And a part of my heart does-- I do love somebody else very much.


Go see the pixies. We send in Garmelie. If he dies, then we make a choice. Do you have a revision to that plan?


Percy, look over there with your eyesight, look through your little scope and see what you see.


If I were to fill two of these vials with ordinary alcohol and one with something else, would you be able to tell which is which? With your discerning eye and your years of experience?


All right, all right! Yes, let's go!


Not even five minutes. Perhaps if he can tell us the safe way out of here in exchange for letting us have our way with Algar, he could be on his way and we can have our time.


Purple Man.


I have an itty bitty metal penis. (all laugh)


I get one more question, what should I ask?


There's nothing-- Oh, and a move. I think I'll stick, but as a bonus-- shoot, I've used all my Inspiration already, right? I can't do cantrips as a bonus, right?


With a robot. Robot in the--


Hey, don't leave! We might be ending now!


Ah, no. I'm going to back up ten feet.


The Sluice Weave, perhaps you are talking about?


There's not a lot of natural light, right?


History check?


Let's go to the Frostweald.


Two!


Okay, let's all just be very careful before we do anything.


So they explode? Popcorn?


So they take half. 3d8, halved.


Does the radiant damage seem to have a particular effect?


So, wait. If he works for one of 18 companies of the archipelago, that means the archipelago has pirates--


I woke up and you were over me giving me a potion like a knight in shining armor.


-- back, past that village, that they're protecting.


We might have to go through Port Damali, actually. Nicodranas is a little hot for us. But we could. We could let your mom know that you're okay.


Can you scoop up what's left of Professor Anders?


Do it, Scanlan, do it.


I'm picking up my sister and lurching after Grog.


Let's be honest, it's 2 hours.


I think we're good.


Two dozen plus things flying around. Pike and I are going to roll some stealth checks. It'll be great.


Do I recognize any of these rings?


Big damage!


You think that. It's got upper teeth.


It might auto if you select your--


Yeah, it's pretty short, pretty easy.


Will she come willingly?


Yeah, there's three rays.


I get sick, too. I understand.


Half full. He'll have a glass of something half full. Thank--


I know. Number one fan club.


That's in addition to the two light crossbows?


Do we remember the code to get in? What is it? You say, like, "I need a drink."


Okay. So she's looking through the door. What can she see?


Out of the window.


Well, that's what Grog pitched to them.


Some people that are maybe druid and--


We don't know if we have any further to go from this crypt? Uncharted?


You are a terrible captain.


What's Captain Avantika doing right now?


The spell didn't work here?


So we won't touch them.


Of course, I'll bring them up.


What's your athletics? We're really rolling well tonight.


Oh, it's not an area effect? All right. Whatever you say. Natural 20.


That's good. Lightning's bad for water. Not that I'd know.


We'll catch you upstream.


Hey, don't steal from us, okay?


Percy is being very quiet about this.


Just, the party is taking turns being like, so pretty!


So we're basically gonna be like three kids Little Rascals-style on each other's shoulders with a giant coat?


Oh god, yes.


Whispers!


Oh right, I forgot.


Oh, kids.


Can I also do an insight check? Can I assist him or make an insight as well?


That's better. Still shitty. 11.


Or, let me see, let me sink to the bottom and then I'll part the water in the tunnel straight ahead.


We're selling these things?


It's me attacking.


Nice. At least it can't do a bite attack any more.


I’m going to cast Disguise Self as a crownsguard and just follow. Just see what's happening.


Yeah, remember? Because she used--


Parchment, boulder, shears?


Somebody worth their salt, since "worth your salt" is a really nice term. That's great. Worth their salt. Somebody worth their salt.


The building on the left, I'd say.


Don't fuck me, Matt Mercer.


Big money, big money! That's good!


70 percent of her, at the very least.


This is the problem with fey. They don't tend to lie, they tend to tell just most of the truth.


Oh that will go over great. Ooh! Minus three... oh no. Persuasion is at zero? How did that happen? Anyway it's 13.


Told you.


Well, this calls for a celebration.


You're impressive!


He's really stupid.


Claudia, are you naked? Why won't you open this door?


I know the rusty trombone. I've got--


A little different.


I'm gonna use Uncanny Dodge. For anything I can see, I can dodge for half damage, if I need to.


But then we'd still have to hike. How long would the hike be?


We can't close this door that Nila just exploded, but we can put up some sort of person to watch so some of us can go down there and snoop around and maybe kill that one guard that you spotted.


(guttural Infernal sounds)


He can control the land? The powers of the land?


All right, good. Let's go.


All right. That's a lot. It's 20 points of damage.


God, wouldn't that be lovely.


The seven seas?


Just (fwoosh).


Or it's a message.


I just rolled a 20! Look at it, look at it!


It was Sam.


Three mimosas later, and three hours later...


I'll do level two.


Doesn't mean you have to associate yourself with them.


But you can't see it! I don't have it!


You want oh wah ta goo.


Yeah, but we can check out the place until they get here. Can we check the rest of the room first, before we leave?


I just put up a hand, and then slip around this direction and slip down this second hallway that you revealed.


Battle Chasers. I'm wearing the damn shirt. (laughter)


I'd like to take a hit dice.


I know because of your abilities, if we can draw more of them outside, we will stand a better chance. We will have more power than you had last time.


Fucking shit. (laughter)


First one's a 15.


It was a very powerful dragon.


Is that fire still going?


On the hunt for ancient relics.


Do you have that sandkheg shit?


What about the guards?


What an episode! What an episode.


Drama. Just drama.


Yeah, you have to see it for yourself. We do have a lot to do, but this is a functional trip as well.


Echo Park


That was cold damage!


Delilah's dead!


Shivering horde of dragonborn.


I'm going to see if there's any structures that are within distance so that once they set up and start, I can get to them. Maybe we can perch.


What!? I rolled one less than him?


I'm just looking for my tens!


Three spells and I injured myself.


As far as we know, unless they went to all of the other gods we have not met.


Okay. Ow. Six, 11, 19.


Okay. Then I will collapse onto my ass on the stairs and make that symbol shape thing that Fjord used to make, and go: Ey, buddy. I will send out another Fire Bolt.


He said it so happily, too. Evil.


Yeah, I think we did it. Let's get the fuck out of here.


Whoa, we need to get you some AC.


So there are still two cooks in the kitchen?


She probably can't do it again.


All right, I pull my hammer back out.


No, we’ll be with you.


I'm the new guy. (all laugh)


I know, but I don't know how that works on moving water.


16 does not hit?


We did! See! Friends!


Keeping within 100 feet of it.


How fucking cool we are?


Yeah, I'm sorry, you have a very thick accent. Sometimes it is-- [laughter]


This is an open channel. We can all hear.


Thank you. Good night! Have a lovely evening.


I've got the booze.


Legolas style.


Have we all come downstairs or are we all sitting around--


I'm sorry. We thought you would like a night's sleep before we intrude and--


Oh. Natural 20. (all cheer)


I have to go in the other boat.


Fjord, but what about all the sea monsters?


That's how rubies--


Well, I really want to go to the library tomorrow.


Oh jeez, there's a lot of them. That's a bigger one, it looks like.


Lend an ear. Give advice. Ease your mind.


Warden. This is just like this bastard. He always goes around trying to boss people around and throw his money around. And I turn and I punch Percy in the face.


Oh, that's mine!


We are trying to get the lay of the land here.


What the fuck. What is this?


Let's see--


No. Spiritual Weapon is just up.


With my Vax die, we will use this one. That is a three-- 11. Doubled is 22.


But she's got fancy things.


Who am I? My name is Shakäste. Nice to meet you.


The pressure of what? Once it comes up, it becomes rock. Oh, I see. There's more underneath.


No, is that a 17 or an 11?


We're standing in front of a dragon!


Do you want to try to cloud-creep our way in there?


Okay, so yes. I send an unseen servant to knock on the door.


You need some help? Yeah, let me help you, I'm so strong.


By the way, y'know, you didn't need to apologize for stealing that kiss before, it was fine.


I've got Locate Creature. Yeah, we've both got Locate Object, so we can both help with that.


Oh, yeah, oh, sorry. Grog, Fassbender. Fassbender, Grog.


He’s naked.


Check the chest.


That is not as good. Investigation. 11.


Do the halflings-- Shit! Do the gnomes get an advantage since the half-elves are protecting them?


I'm going, too!


Pick this up later.


No, it's when I'm--


It could have been so many things.


So I stand.


Come on, Trickfoot!


Not me and me alone.


Are you a dwarf made of stone?


And then just try to slowly, messily float him up and out of here.


Oh, so it can't get up and move.


No, you can throw me, sure.


Necro, evo, and divination all together.


The city is still burning.


Can Scanlan cast Sad Trombone?


I don't know if that, if it's magic. I have no idea.


How much left? Like five or ten?


Awesome. I'm going to cast Locate Object right now.


Okay. Then I will sing that same song but as a Healing Word instead.


That would have been bad. Save versus Uranus? Is that what you said?


Guys, just so you know, the stream's buffering, so hold. Twitch problems.


Because that, I think, would be more a distraction for the creature. A beast against a nasty beast is always a good fight.


You have no idea. You have no idea what you guys are in for after this.


I do know how to get his pride in check.


Whoa, nothing changed! No spells. I lost ten hit points?! What the fuck?! I've done something terribly wrong. (laughter)


Tanya, and wiggle to make it look like her vision's starting to double.


Cast whatever you can cast.


A statue.


Well, she needs a hat.


Oh, we're getting more? Did you bust up the last one?


While I'm raging so hard, that I pop all the capillaries in my eyeballs, so I can't really see that well. And I just swing a lot.


He can't speak anymore, he's forgotten--


Second one is 26.


How would you know?


That's our rogue.


(singing) Sam has got a Counterspell.


I braid Grog's beard.


Come hug your uncle. Come.


I'm here. Did you save any for me?


Okay, we'll help him out.


I'm at the balcony by the way. Watching all this.


Yeah. We should go heal.


You rolled a one?


A goliath?


You'll make a fine sailor.


Click the Boots of Haste, and I want to go stealth, and scoot to that column past Grog, but closer to the worm. Not that one, the next one. Yeah. I think I can make it there.


This is going to knock him out.


And I look at the dwarf.


I am so nervous, you guys. I'm so scared.


I came to get all my stuff out of my room and then I'm going to give the key back, okay?


Not tell anyone.


How about you throw it in that pocket dimension and then we can always go to that same pocket dimension and get it if we decide it's bad there.


That's usually how this rolls.


Oh, I didn't roll for Pike.


Oh, 23, that's right.


God no, god!


What kind of magic is it?


Percy, hold on to my waist, dear.


I say tomorrow on the mountain.


It happens the moment you use it.


Could Ioun create a rock so heavy that even she couldn't lift it?


Do you smoke it?


And you don't know any of these people?


Sometimes mysterious spheres just happen to you, if I'm learning anything.


I'm gonna go check that out first.


We didn't die. Yet.


You should find out. Yeah, no, shake his hand. No, go ahead, right now.


Wow. This is cute, actually. This is adorable. I hand him some water from my pouch. Just a little dry.


I am legit out of sheer panic going to take off all of my clothes and dive straight into that lake. That little pond? I'm washing. I have had a nervous breakdown. I am like, yeah, no, we're naked into the water.


Yes! I'm going to take my staff, I'm going to try and crack this guy on the back of his head where he is.


Probably no. 14.


Yeah, the portion of the donations that would normally go to 826LA tonight are going to go to GameChanger.


Playtime? I don't-- (laughs) I know, all the ladies are like 'ew'.


So 99 years from now--


And we've got three of those, so we're going 120 feet?


I have four on me.


Wow. Really? Now? Really?


A healer dying would be like your warrior never being able to hit anything.


It was 8d6, but now it's 4d6, right?


The two aren't mutually exclusive. We know that, right? He can be nice and working for the Empire.


You've been watching a lot of Olympics.


Can I cast Wind Wall right underneath of the carpet to kind of like airbend us up?


Fort Daxio at least does have soldiers already.


One more round. I am going to-- fuck. Do I have line-of-sight on the door?


The right, what do I see?


I just drop to my knees so I can aim better and right over Scanlan's shoulder, dagger, dagger, dagger.


Yes, the answer to that is no. We'll be back, I'm going to go creep up the stairs.


(singing) Feel a little poke coming through.


Four?


Before we even think of this, we should see what we're-- I don't think we're going to collect all of the Vestiges. We should see what other Vestiges we think are going to be helpful.


I thought so. You mentioned...


You can move. You have a bonus action.


No, keep hitting it!


In the prison cell?


Not my strong suit.


I will use the dodecahedron and roll a 20 on this side. I got a natural two.


I have no idea who that is.


(sighs) Adelaide, Brisbane. If you're there, you want to see us, come see maybe just me. (laughter)


Oh shit. Oh no. Is there still an ear left?


Let's do that. I agree. I'm tired.


Brave. Dead. It's semantics, really.


How are we split up, group-wise? Probably me and Caleb split. And then--


Can I heal him and wake him up?


I'm so glad you thought of me when this came up.


And I still have my bonus action?


That's a lot of happiness, and that's okay!


But I'm looking past his head at the one next to Grog, the one that's got a blade down there on the map. No, the other one. Yeah, I think I've got a pretty good shot at him. I'm going to ignore the vampire in front of me and since Grog is right up against that guy, I'm going to sneak attack him and go (daggers flying) Oh no, first I'm going to go click with my heels, and then I'm going to (daggers flying).


Of course, I would definitely stop looking if I saw her naked in front of my poo. Definitely.


No, that's the Lionel Gayheart one. People will have a harder time fucking with you, in general.


But they have to answer the questions.


She does seem very uncomfortable, yeah.


It's a new thing.


I walk into the room to see Tiberius throwing things out of the Bag of Holding, I'm assuming.


A lot to process.


Can I ask Trinket to come up and help?


And it's so good!


Exactly, we need good people and I'm going to try and talk to it. To try and discern what it is and how it works and what it wants, and if for some strange reason things go wrong, I need people who would be more than willing to at the very least knock me out. So I'm going to be needing you and at least one other, preferably a magic user ready to deal with me if something goes weird.


Are they approaching us?


I reach down and I scoop Scanlan up in football pose again. Which way do you want to go? I can't tell which way. Your daughter. Reach deep, man.


You can put them in my workshop. Actually--


I'm a little boy!


Nine! Because it's appropriate.


I'm going to run over to it and start taking slices at it. I'm going to stab it with my sword.


I would say you're in for a treat, but it's so much more than that.


And he gets a couple of attacks if I don't attack at all, right?


All right. I'll consider it. With all my intellect.


More of a voyeuristic position that we're talking about here.


Ooh, good point.


I'm ritual casting through this discussion.


They sing like Disney characters.


Deception. Oh, that's so high!


So for the rest of it I'm going to use a bonus action to run a heal. I'm going to give myself 19 points back. I'm going to run downstairs. I'm heading towards that back door.


This is Hex. Then he’s going to take his falchion, he’s going to flip it, and from the hilt, he’s going to go (firing). He’s going to cast Eldritch Blast because I saw him do that once before.


You're a-- You--


Okay. I mean-- I can't really--


That would distract you.


That's my turn. I've got Marius! I've got Marius!


I think we probably have a white, plumey feather. Oh, wait--


I've gotten a little jumpy. Not very good, 15.


Can I insight check her? Because I don't trust anybody.


Do I see tracks? Can I sense goliath tracks?


I had him with me. 19.


Well, I definitely do now.


Who cares? You know what's awkward?


--and then we weaken the tree in case we need to tip it over--


Get it, F-jord.


If you need an entree into the Society of Men Who Married Way Above Their Stations, I can provide you an introduction.


If they poke the stick in, the stick will disappear.


I wanna be one of the Fellowship. Ashley Johnson lived in a Marvel universe already, right?


He's my BFF.


(shouting) Can I get another wine?


I sit next to Raishan.


I will take that ride.


I'm honoring myself. It doesn't matter, anyway. That's 27.


And then he gives his sermon during the next day and the next day? We scout it out a couple days in a row to really get the feel for the guards.


Take Pike.


When I started, I realized this is so weird.


Yes, good.


Weird that they would have an armored guy with a longsword protecting a paintbrush that does nothing.


And we do have some friends over there that we just sent their young interns away on a--


Okay. (squeaks) Nope.


It's real cold out.


That's 20 to hit.


Oh, that's right, she gave me a blessing.


Why do you think Ogden is dastardly? What did he do?


It's only my third year doing this.


Okay, but where did you see the cloaked guys?


I need to reach out to the Ashari and see if they're-- I leave, I want to go-- Well, actually; Allura, will you help me in a scrying spell?


My stomach is making noises, I'm so hungry.


I can't fucking add! 22?


Dope. That's real good. 39.


I don't know what's happening. I don't know what's happening. Is he hitting on me? What's happening?


Vax steps forward, steps in front of Keyleth and says, Good sir dwarf. Clearly we are idiots. We are--


No, but I'm not in favor of many things. I don't like a lot of things. Kind of have a problem with authority and they're like the epitome of authority. I watched my father sacrifice a lot to try and impress those people. I'm not sure what it was for. Seems like a lot.


End scene.


I throw the mattress in, I jump in after it, and I try and go under--


Is that why I have cotton mouth? Ah goddamn it!


It is sadly not Hallow's Eve. We can put him in some armor or some fake cloth of some sort.


I did. I know. I'm doing that.


Ten and a nine. 19 points of Eldritch Blast.


We go back to the gate, right?


You're probably right. Let me even you off.


YES.


(singing) If you liked it, then you should have put a ring on it.


We have Vax now. No matter what happens later, this was a brave choice. I'm not sure I would have made the same, but we're stronger together, and thank you for coming back. It's a harder choice to come back. It's easier to walk away. I know this. Thank you for coming back.


Well, first of all, how goes the research into the--


Just saying hello to family and that?


We all need healing. I'm 40 points down.


After we just woke up.


That's exactly what I was going to do.


Let me do something. I'm going to use my Scroll of Programmed Illusion.


I'll use luck again. Yeah.


You're pointing over there, I'm pointing over here. North is that way.


Next one doesn't hit, probably, that's a 17.


I would like to perceive if Lady Kima has been giving me any second looks after I intimidated old Flappy Wings.


It is!


That's awesome! What a waste of (sings) fucking time!


Trinket goes up and pees on Doty's leg.


We knew that was going to happen.


If anything goes wrong, we'll hear about it, and we can come back.


I don't think so, no.


You just need to take damage, like get hit by something.


I'm keeping count.


And I'm good with management, I think we can... yeah.


