We are.


I get to roll, but still no sneak attack, damn it. Six.


Yasha, anywhere that we should avoid for you?


Don't we still have some rations that we have been carrying around with us for quite some time?


By the smaller of two lava flows.


It was pretty-- it was a lot bigger than me.


I haven't seen it!


You've got it. Can I insight check the sword?


Hi.


Wait. What was his name? Linen Fyken?


Well, I have a couple of level ones left. Blam blam!


They're both the same. It doesn't matter.


Oh god, I just saw it.


Nothing happened.


What the-- what?!


Is every episode going to be this emotional for the rest of the game? I can't keep doing this.


(sighs) It's just timing, you know? It's all timing.


It's cursed hiccups.


Hugs, hugs, hugs.


I did it again and held that fucker, it was intense.


11, 15.


Or taken prisoner.


Allura, is everything okay? Have you been through some shit, Allura?


Oh wait, your magic guy said to bring back some magic stuff from the Underdark.


Someone attractive--


Which room? Let's take the piece of metal down! Wait, does each of the urns have a different one?


Dragons have declared war on civilization. A group of dragons have destroyed our city, and they have destroyed other cities as well. We are in desperate need of powers to defend ourselves with-- So I would be very careful and send forward-- Send word ahead of yourself before you travel anywhere, it may not be there by the time you get there.


Swan dive?


So that will bring me up to - because I’m 13 right now with the shield?


That was right, right?


Are we still soaking wet?


What if we kill all of Pumat Sol and come back and rob this place?


Well, I hope no one breaks in.


He wasn't ready!


You get to experience this as a normal person now. I'm so excited.


They sure are.


I do have really good eyes, do you want me to have a look?


A killer whale, we talked about.


Did it feel weird to have somebody else moving the people?


Oh, right, I have to-- no, yeah. Okay. That's 11.


Really?


Sorry, I didn't know you were throning.


It was Claudia. Was it Claudia this whole time?


I pick up one of the servants by the head and I try and crush his head.


On the stroll  Fjord?


It's not technically a corpse yet.


If you hum to him, it soothes him.


How about something in trade? Just as a little added bonus as a favor.


Yes! 21.


How soft was the ground when you dug into it? It was softer than the rest of the ground?


I wanted to check out those bodies that were downstairs.


I like your name.


I didn't know that!


We're talking Vasselheim, yeah? Whitestone. And you can do it another two--


Are you drunk?


So we are-- wait, I forget.


Of course, Keyleth.


What if we return, saying that you had acquired our services in the killing of this beast?


Ask your rogue, dude.


Sometimes when those letters are together, it sounds like a K.


Oh! I don't carry 50,000 gold with me on my person!


It's like Sesame Street.


Hiring a crew.


They're very soft on the inside.


Okay, I'm going to spend another ki point to do Patient Defense.


Good job Pike!


I wanna take a shot at the--


Like the harpoons?


Oh! Hey, that's 18! That's not bad.


Dammit.


In the cages? Yeah! Then yeah, yeah, that!


I would like to do that.


Except your heart.


Oh, it is melee.


So it's like 28 Days Later zombies?


Do you want me to try and make this guy stupid?


Faberge eggs.


Stay away from those sweets.


Six. Here comes that Slow spell. Fastball special.


(sings) We’ve only just begun.


A short rest.


I'm making an origami swan.


You don't want to know.


I'll ride the carpet so that you can stay free for, yes. Right.


Yes. Can you hear the difference?


Not yet, no! Hold your breath, we've got to look around! I'm still looking, I'm holding my breath and I'm looking. You paint, I'm looking. I look at the book, is there anything there?


It's not even locked. It's just heavy.


I will tell you just about everything, but I don't think I want to talk about that.


Green dragon wyrmling!


Cool. Let's lower the rope ladder over the side and welcome them aboard.


(whispers) I don't want to walk around this place!


Don't talk shit to grass!


True. We'll find our way over to a table.


Is there anything out of the ordinary from the past week or two that comes to mind? Anything off about the run-of-the-mill stuff?


(thicker German accent) Now is the part where we dance.


I take one more big sip and toss it at him.


Yeah. 20 to hit?


I touched one.


Actually, I'll put my back against the wall.


How was that, growing up in fame and fortune?


I'm thankfully wearing a helmet.


To Vasselheim!


I vote Landlocked Lady.


Aw, the humans. Aw.


I don't know. You ever see something you felt like you'd seen in a dream before, but you don't know why or how?


He's a sexier bear than I thought he was.


You gotta roll it angry.


Detect evil? Is that a thing that exists?


If you just think for a second.


You know what that one does? It makes you infertile.


That's what I learned in Quest for Glory Shadows of Darkness.


Yep. David Copperfield? Feld?


Yeah? That's true.


Resurrected.


That tracks. That fully tracks.


We know!


Yeah, you totally could.


I lean over to Abjurist Noja, I say, I actually don't know any numbers, so. Y'know what, we're going to deliberate and we'll be with you in just a moment. (whispers) Abjurist, how old y--, why are you in here, who put you in here?


I don't know where she went!


I came over here to give you the blessing!


Both, because we still have--


Is our rope still dangling down the hole?


Do we get advantage on it at all?


You hit a particular high note and we're trying to do our best squeaky voice.


But is wealthy and connected?


Do you think this is the shipment? Think this is that? Would I deduce this is that, or no?


Okay, yeah!


Done.


I'm pretty good.


I end with, hopefully, you will realize there is a far greater enemy at hand than the personal squabbles between us small people. And I also step away.


Well, I don't have enough-- I don't think I have enough left. I want to save them.


I'm going to use my trusty old friend Guiding Bolt. I'm going to Guiding Bolt his face.


I'm rolling the gold one! 20?


I'm always behind Pike.


I see it, yes, I see this map.


(muffled) Aw man, I put food in my mouth!


I'm gonna walk all the way in, all the way in.


It's dangerous.


We don't want to look like Three Card Monte guys with a cardboard box--


Oh. Just don't want to walk down there.


GIF.


The facial configuration, too.


Keyleth, we found a lot of information by scaring an innocent boy. We need to go to the Graveyard District for some reason.


And again. 19 and a one.


There's a bunch of people staring at Fjord and Beauregard. Why are we doing this?


We also haven't looked at any of the findings from Raishan's cave.


And I start flipping through the rope so it goes-- The whole time, I'm just doing that so it goes all the way down.


Sometimes if you turn it off and turn it on, it helps.


Continue on and hope I don't make a fatal mistake. Hope that I can learn.


That's cool. It's a perk.


No, Vax didn't spy on Vex, sorry, go ahead.


Anything I can throw?


We move along.


Carry on, carry on. (all laugh)


Everybody back up a bit. I'm going to take a little bit of my jerky, I'm going to wrap it around a ball bearing, make a little baseball out of it. I'm going to chuck it right into the middle of the vines.


What do you mean? You can't?


Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gun cocking) (gun firing)


Throwing bullets.


Blacksmith first and we'll see, how about that?


I set it on the ground. I pull Nott closer to me, and I give Nott a kiss on the forehead. Thank you.


That felt really good. That felt good.


10!


You got it?


That’s why we’re saying we only have 20 or 30 --


Yes, I think we should go talk to him. That seems like it would be smart, right?


Okay, so Clarota's right by it, so I'm going to roll along the back of the thing and sneak attack right into its back.


He likes to frequent brothels and things like that, which, you know. I'd wanna give him his freedom and his space. I don't know if I'm into it.


No one hates themselves as much as I do.


Oh! I had the craziest dream.


I will assist.


Or where.


Oh, good. Not dead, then.


Carry on. It's good. She's good.


Chopped him in half! Straight down the middle. Filleted him.


We'll be back.


Darling. I snatch it away and say, do you have any idea how much these are worth?


No, I'm averting my gaze even though I'm confused apparently.


It'll be your friend in the morning.


I got it. Here, take this jug of water with our compliments. You said give them a jug!


And I get all the way to Ripley?


As long as he doesn't hit zero hit points, then he won't turn into a bear. But he has water breathing!


Is it Jarrett?


No, you've got a gnoll. You should have that looked at.


It's a bright, shiny thing. I'm going there!


She's ornery today.


We killed stuff! We are really badass!


Someone's asking if we drink while playing, and the answer is no. (all laugh)


Well, what I saw was like a--


Okay, and then Percy yelled in my ear, so I take some of the little carpet tassels.


Well. Can I do a check on the other two potions to see with my potion knowledge? My potion sense?


Super cocked.


Occasional, okay. So it's not like there was a creature that Frumpkin and I were able to aim towards, it was just this thing that was appearing and disappearing?


Oh, shit, balls, ass. All right.


Obviously!


And one more thing before we leave. If you need any items, be they gear or blades, go to Gilmore's! Gilmore's Glorious Goods! Today!


We tried that. It didn't work.


Intimidation of 14?


Bring them on up.


That's a good guy, that Simon 2.


If we're just coming into the area, which edge is pointing towards us? The flat or the point?


Yeah. That's rugby. Scrum.


It is proper. Wait. Okay. That's not his, that is mine.


I am Quentin Quire, Kid Omega of the X-Men, for those of you who read way too much X-Men, so this is my throw-together, because he has a mohawk and so few people do.


It's fate!


No, that was better.


I heard that. It's subtle.


(singing) Pass pass pass pa-pass. I give Yasha the Blessing of the Trickster.


I think the only thing better than their god would be their god on top of a giant scorpion.


The helm is 18.


Out of a tent.


I hate to tell you this, but Kevdak is gone.


I'm tilting. I'm arching my face.


How do you put yourself out?


We'll heal, but I think we need to continue down.


So we need him, but he can do it.


I'm seeing this going down. I've walked away.


Now I start doing my thing.


I told you I was rich.


And before my turn ends, I’m going to pull him in and say, "Fool me once, motherfucker." And whoever steps in steps in.


You want us to go fight Vecna right now?


Yeah, okay, I'm going to start muttering under my breath and stretch out two hands and send two Magic Missiles: one at the one that ran that way, and two at this one, and two at the one that ran that way.


Not downstairs?


I'll get up for Caduceus' breakfast.


My personal manservant.


Did we see him go in the air from where we are?


I go to where I can just, right, hover-- I want to hover above them, about 20 feet away. And as I come to it, I'm going to flip out the carpet, get on it, cast Alter Self, turn into Clarota. I'm going to keep my original lungs.


Ooh, are you an alchemist?


Bye, 5th-level spell.


We found her, but we can't leave without her.


We should probably wrap up whatever we're doing. I imagine they're going to come by the inn soon and try and speak with us. Not you two.


It's water versus fire elemental right now.


Pleasure's all mine. My brute over here, who can he battle, what are his options?


Okay, I can't get any closer to the web?


Good patron.


Or lost. Just lost.


Here, I'll show you on D&D Beyond.


I'm good with that. I've got this.


This is legit.


Offerings? Because they would've become magical once they got to the other side of the portal. I mean, they would've been great gifts.


Right, so if--


It happened so fast.


What happened to her? Did it take Toya with it?


Or we could leave.


Love that you asked me that question.


You're a bat.


And a tree grows out of his guts.


Oh, he's got another fucking platform?


Maybe I should have a go at her, then.


How are you going to be the bait?


I think it's my turn.


Mm-hmm, 23.


(singing) A dick in a box.


Magic user's choice. Can you cast magic when you're transformed?


I'm so sorry to wake you.


Oh, Ashley's back.


I'm going to run up to the top of that wall.


I think at the top, personally.


Yeah, anytime.


Got to get home, I know.


If you need it.


That wasn't there before--


You know what? I'm going to try it without. It might feel weird. (louder) Grog, can you hear me? Grog, can you hear me?


The ones that we hazed. The Gentlemen's guys that we talked to before we went to go kill the will-o'-wisps.


13 plus eight is 25.


Hopefully not dead bodies or like--


You're one to talk!


-- and the contempt. (all laugh)


All right, first one, I'm going to use my Flametongue. It's two plus... nine. And here comes the juice. Nine, 13, 17, 18, 20, 23, 25? That's the first one, and then second attack is three. This is the keen dagger, that's a ten. And the third attack is the Flametongue again for seven.


So keep it going to those charities. The Pablove Foundation.


Cool. Because insects don't love lights in the dark.


Get a good hit, lollipop!


Okay. 22 this time.


We'll probably need some light in here, too.


We've got to go get his kid.


More of a spring…


I don't feel comfortable fighting a dragon on 24 hours' notice after almost getting my arse handed to me.


Please don't waste all your stuff on this guy, because, you know--


(as Sean Connery) Do your best. Losers always whine about their best.


Are you sure? We're drinking. You can join.


Yeah, it does. It sounds like Klingon.


That doesn't sound like an escape.


If wizardry is Bob Fosse, druidism is Twyla Tharp.


That's 100,000 dollars, yo. Six figures, moving your direction!


Question  If you were a crazy, ravenous, dog humanoid person thing, what would make you really hungry all of a sudden? I didn't phrase that question very well.


Which was the one who was controlling the orb, though?


That's as far as I can move, right? I can't move any more?


Okay, okay, still good.


As I was about to say, that was going to happen.


(quietly) Because it's winter.


Please, make yourselves at home.


Yeah. Oh yeah. No, I'm-- well. I like to--


In the ocean? Let's take--


Window-seal?


Oh my gosh. Oh no!


Is it done?


We did some training on the road.


Well, all the gold that we can definitely prove came from Westruun, we'll bring back.


Yeah. Get off this godforsaken boat for a damn minute.


Sorry, this is-- one minute.


Are there any people? Does it look like there's tracks in this orchard?


I can go like (plane sounds). I'll take a little turn up and let her-- she can take some damage.


Let's do it and run down and search.


No, I'd prefer not to.


So I can't see beyond it?


It's shiny. It's shiny silk.


Am I in your way, Beau?


Molten fire plane, more or less?


Tusktooth?


I gave him a turkey leg.


Okay, I feel a little better.


"Just my cunning wit!" I don't even know what a head slot is.


It would make for a good beginning of a chapter to set out at dawn.


Nott, I think we’re going to need you to both break in the house and also maybe into some safe that they have in there.


Keep subscribing to Geek & Sundry everybody.


Just because I want to know, can I go up to the doorway and hit the side of the doorway with the adamantine black hammer?


Well, like so many good things, we can do it back when we get to the hotel.


I mean, it's dark in color.


Thanks. That's not the first time I've heard that.


It was horrible.


How guarded or patrolled or monitored are the docks?


I'm going to take three slashes at him with my sword.


That's a really pretty dice.


That was a shitty roll. Eight.


Why don't you tinker it first.


Psst. Oi. Hello.


We're all watching you.


It was a six?


You're going to get the fucking killing blow, man.


Keep everybody okay. I'm going to get a little distance and I'm going to go outside the room, just in case. Mr. Fjord, I would recommend you get some distance as well.


I heard.


And send out the next one.


You piece of shit, both of you.


You shut the fuck up, you trouble-maker. You bust my balls on a daily basis. What is that about? What is that about? What have I ever done but support you?


The blondie channel.


I know how to be polite. I'm very reasonable at that.


Oh, he's healing?


Hi! Ooh!


Okay. I'm going to cast Polymorph on myself.


She's unconscious already!


Troy Baker is Pike's distanced dad. (all laugh)


I rolled 13.


Fall down on the mocap mattress!


What about you? Where are you from?


I could be dead tomorrow, Vex. Right now.


Shit balls. 13.


Please be Laura when she was five and break shit.


Thank you. (quietly) I won't need it. That's even better. (counting) 32. No, minus five. 28.


Is this the river?


That looks to be a tome of some sort.


I forgot you have one.


I have no idea!


Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.


What kind of stuff?


If it's ten seconds and it's not knowing to hold its breath, it will come out alive, still.


(laughs) How do Pike do this?


I'm going to stand out here.


Maybe it's a shitty ship.


How big is that diameter?


I love that the rider is like (derpy noise).


We do. Nott tracked them.


25 hits, that's good. And a 17.


It's going to be a good show.


You real thankful?


I'm a man of the world, I'm well-traveled, I'm cultured--


So forward then, huh? Where's everybody at health-wise? Are you solid?


Did I miss that in the announcements?


Wait, what if Lillith is the bad guy instead of the good guy?


A decent idea? We've seen it do things, scary things. We've seen someone melt while touching it.


We play Dungeons & Dragons!


I was about to-- yeah, I know, yeah.


No, no I'm very impressed, actually, that's-- you are a good friend to have and a terrible enemy to make.


Can I take a look at it and--


We did kill a succubus.


I'm going to go over to the little lab setup. Is there some acid there?


Wake him up, wake him up, wake him up.


It's been a long time, but I'd rather not run into them.


I might see if there's a torch-bearer walking around really quickly.


Flaming spikes!


Cool, cool.


So it goes like magma flow, here's the wall, I want it to go - (grinding noise)


Look, my timing is fucking perfect, though, I always get either the Hellish Rebuke or the Witch Bolt right. It's all about timing, is all. Because he was really slashed up.


Say nothing. I won't say anything. I'm just going to keep flying around.


Well, I mean, when we left, you know, I had a lot more than that. But, you know, it's because I'm growing up, and we probably are learning about how to spend money better, so she's teaching me, probably, that 5000 gold is not needed every time.


Shpizich?


I wish I had gone with that because it was great there but it's not great here. That is a nine!


That's one less fuck we have to worry about.


I'm going to get in the way of this, just for fun.


Oh yeah, beat him up with his heart!


Oh, that's true. What do you guys think? Okay. Deuce has a really good idea. Maybe instead of we say, "Go fuck yourself," and all of that, what if we say-- It's really strong, we have this version of his letter right here.


I will wear them always.


So are we breaking up? Are you two going to scout the town and the rest of us will--


I'll tell him not to. I tell him, hey! (whispers) What should I? Should I say his name? Does he have a name?


This mark. Is it magic? Can they trace you through this mark?


There's a passage.


We wouldn't even need the tree-stride, to be honest, we could just do it.


Well, no. I'm not saying for you not to, but would I be able to comfortably throw through?


Maybe we should do that first, actually.


Yeah, no. I miss things. I don't get special damage to him, do I?


So here's the situation. I can get us all across, but I cannot take Trinket as well.


I am Hotis! The rakshasa. And I cannot speak with my mouth hole. (growls)


Okay, okay, okay. Yep. Fuck it. Yes, I do remember where the ship sank.


Well, I'd be happy to tell you more detail for a reasonable price on the rooms.


Our ship is so colorful.


No! That is so terrible. Don't say that.


You’re in a slip or nothing, so.


No, what was your comment?


Hey, how do you say it? Is it Dalen's--


I travel. I left. (stammers) I chose not to live there anymore.


I don't care. I don't accept this. I love you.


That's a rather big piece of paper for a sword.


Jesus. I'm within melee range of him, so if I move I will get hit, yes?


Oh, that's going to be nine, plus 14. That's 23 points of damage on the first one. And then second attack is going to be a 23.


Did anybody see what he was doing when he disappeared?


Can we try to do it but go with the hilt downward? See what happens?


Generally takes a minute to cast.


For two? Both of them?


We barely do 50 hit points a round!


Any recommendations? Favorite spots?


I'll follow. I'll keep on Thorbir's six.


Before we turn in turn in, it's just Molly and I in our room, right? Can I confide in you for something?


Oh, shitballs.


I'm thinking of planting soybeans.


He gets four actions?


Oh no. Is he within the cube?


Meaning it's all solid stone that color or loose gravel and rock?


(makes farting noise)


I vote for that.


Yeah. Although to be fair, it doesn't matter what you roll.


Oh, then you're not very knowledgeable, are you? I guess Vecna didn't tell you of his plans. Not very important. Blood?


We're east.


Bitch! I rolled a 17.


I'm eating one of these magic candies.


We will also need all of the information you have on this creature in the mines, and if you have anybody who has access to that--


Later, then.


Wait, no!


Maybe just drop it and we'll be cultists.


Or something.


Maximilian meant by (exaggeratedly sexy) "I'll see you again."


In the coming week! That's soon. When did you steal this?


I'm casting Spirit Guardians and rushing them.


I think they can smell the dragon blood.


I've got to help her choose her dice.


Later. I promise.


It's all right. We can find a way. It's just a door.


Don't step too hard, Fatty! You won't be able to take it!


I know. Yeah.


I think two will do just fine.


Thank you, Molly.


Is yours wisdom?


Okay. That's 12 damage, and I'm going to do stunning blow.


I actually have no memory of anything on range for bamfing in and out, but I will defer to you because you're my DM.


Fuck it, I'm doing it. Lightning Arrow right at her face.


I'm good at nature. I've lived in the woods for a long time.


Still as Halas, hundred percent as Halas-- and I say: This is for my only friends! Come straight forward, and I want to hit him in the heart because he broke my heart.


That was such a busy desktop.


Yeah. I feel like that's pretty obvious, at this point.


I’m going to try and hop up that hill really quickly.


Umber hulk with many legs.


Yeah, do I get an attack of opportunity here?


Just be very careful, Grog. Because you were backing up and I think you knocked into it a little bit.


I don't know, you guys. It's kind of tricky.


Honestly, I'm hurt. I'm offended. And we are not fucking equal. If you want to get equal, we can step out here, and handle business like men.


We would like to deliver this personally as we don't know if he has any co-conspirators, so it would be best if he didn't leave our immediate vicinity.


As a team?


It is very reasonable not to be all right after that. I think I'm going to need a moment to sit down and have a drink--


Just a little glue to help stick it there.


I don't know, is that what we're supposed to do? Kill The Gentleman?


That sounded like "pooing my pants."


Ashley Johnson has nothing on me in this realm.


Where up ahead?


No fencing, no. No, you're--


Ooh! The heavy plate armor has resistance to fire damage.


That's a giant die.


Can I try and figure out what this is, if I recognize this symbol in any way?


(singing) Never say goodbye!


Rest in peace, Water Closet.


There we go. I'm putting my back against the wall.


You trying to chop off his hand?


Insects, supplies.


All right, there's not accounting for taste.


Thanks Aldowin.


But where are they going to stay? I've been down to the sewers, and there's crazy giant creatures down there.


Full tauntaun style.


Damn it! I had a really strong reaction to that.


Well, Wildmount is far north. Raishan said she was from Wildmount.


Are you going to tell everybody about the pressure plates?


Use those gauntlets.


We're not sure, Doty did this outside without us being--


I'm not. We were super stealthy as requested.


Oh, we rested.


Where's Lord Briarwood?


Oh, but you're god, what do you want me to do?


Maybe we can just try that on someone who we already need to kill.


We're going to look into that.


I'm coming.


Do I see any recent tracks around here? Does it look like people came down here?


Doesn't feel so good, does it? Hey, remember when I was made into stone? We're twinkies.


I will step back in five feet.


Should we go talk to Jarett and then come back?


Oh wow. It's big.


I snapped off a thing in there. Sorry about that.


It wasn't him that did it. It was the other guy. It was the death knight that did it to you last time.


Strike good and true!


Oh my god. When did we leave? How many days has it been?


Do we get out of here or do we try to kill these things?


You had a very good time.


This? Everything!


-- I tripped and fell and that was the first time that I scraped my knee--


They look pretty dead, don't they?


Full dash. Full dash?


Sorry, Jester.


I'm sure you'll--


I'm going to take a ball bearing and ping it.


I would like to let the spirit of the sword overtake me.


So they dispelled it?


It was just completed, didn't you notice?


(quietly) 12? That's 26.


It is a dark, scary cave!


Okay. I'm gonna click the Boots of Haste. I'm going to flip out the wings. And then I'm going to fly-- not through, because I don't wanna go by the thing, but around towards Keyleth and around towards Pike and grab Pike and fly her up next to Percival.


I got it. I got you covered.


How high are we?


We said, Maljikaori--


You're attacking the guy?


Based on my lack of Trinket attack fullness.


Okay. Are you going to try your thing or should I try my thing first?


I assume it wouldn't fly very well, but all right.


I think we can do it.


We do have that yellow vial.


Wow, way to bring that back.


Ooh. That does seven points of damage.


One more day.


We're a little further behind her. (laughs)


(laughs) Percy?


To a pina colada.


Grog always wants to play!


Whatcha doing?


Thank you. And you can, you know, come out of the cell and eat with us, now.


And his butt.


I don't know. There were a bunch of digits.


That's Yug'Voril?


Wait a minute. Aren't we forgetting about one undead thing? Didn't we want to go back and talk to Delilah's body?


Yeah, sorry.


I'll be at Gilmore's.


I did. I'm going to hang out there and duck down, if I can, behind my little outcropping.


It's good to be back. Okay, we'll need a name for him, obviously.


Fuck. Nine, 17, 27.


Burt Reynolds just announced that he's gonna be at Philly Wizard World with us, so we could theoretically tell him that story.


I want to walk right up to Grog. Right up to his nipples, because that's as high as I go.


Don't see her.


What happens if we all put them together? Do we become Voltron?


Grog, can you bend that shit open?


Could be. Yeah. I'll go get Caduceus and Caleb.


You've got to give context to those things, man.


In my old room. (all laugh)


I probably told you that I would be right back. I had to go to the little girls' room.


You go on it, right?


Any papers I'm just gonna grab.


(laughs) He brings us in chunks, that was phenomenally worded.


Yeah, I feel that.


Shit. I can't believe we're doing this.


I'll be right behind him.


Is that all I know, with my natural 20?


Molly, keep an eye on the room.


Sure, sure. All right, we can do that another day, maybe? Or do you want to--?


No, he said if we're going to do it, make sure it is hidden.


I think it is safe to assume she's brought Grog back to her seat of power. Why would she go anywhere else? She's at her strongest where she is.


Hey, eight points of damage!


Don't accidentally stab yourself because I think it sucks your life energy out of you.


Well, we have to do it in the bowl.


Wait. One sec. This never happens. (laughter)


That is the one.


Yeah, but people that have slept with my mom are really rich and really powerful, usually, so it's a compliment for them.


Lord and Lady Briarwood, we are, in fact, quite handy. Vax, we also killed an illithid, if I recall.


Well, I thought I brought him. I should have mentioned that.


Caduceus Clay! We are your destiny!


Accidentally?


19. So 29.


Who would we even introduce you to?


Can we just call him Clarence? (all laugh)


Maybe we'll have to fight things outside of the ziggurat.


Is there the ability for Frumpkin to move around to the exact opposite side of this building?


It's quite all right.


How far do those stretch?


But we can send the giant beating on the front temple door.


Mind the tree. Mind the tree.


How many have you got?


Oh, okay. I pull out a sword. (sword unsheathing)


That's true. Is there a reason a vampire would want you?


You're real quick.


I'm going with Caleb. Want to come?


Hadn't really thought about it.


Does that mean that he would hire people to kill you, or he would personally kill you?


I'll take the repair kit.


Do I add my attack to it?


The rock would be less.


Did you go inside?


Don't tell me "Tary!" Your number one job is to take care of me, and your number two job is to take care of my belongings! That stuff is worth more than you!


You already look amazing.


That's game, we do not finish it.


Oh, by the gods, that's--


Ooh, and a 17.


Can we still see their tracks if we went back and looked? That would be a ranger question.


After a minute of feeling Frumpkin purr away and staring at them, I say in my own language, in Zemnian, I say: Well, you piece of shit, you should probably get to work. I sit down, and I will Identify the two items. I will check out the books, and if any of them are locked, I will cast Knock on them to open them.


If you feel slightly worse, there's a drink on me.


There's stairs, we're at the bottom of the stairs.


(sighs) I don't know what to do. I don't know if we should. I don't know if we should test the fates.


Is the rumbling continuous, or is it just one little rumble?


Should I cast Good and Evil Detection again?


So cancel?


I don't want another catatonic-- all right.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear, her own stolen Trinket, to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable, and gives expert massages. [dramatic music]


What did it not do?


I mean, if I run out the door - right, right.


Okay, and I will-- I can't use a bonus action to pull her, right, that's too much, yeah?


I want to do my second attack.


Scared to talk?


I was walking up the road, man. I didn't expect to see a bunch of poorly hidden weirdos with fucking weapons drawn.


So there is a false serpent that lives here and we have yet to meet the warden.


Only if you want them, though. This is going to be a lot of work. We don't want to do it unless you really want them.


Cool. Then just seven--


No, don't worry. (laughter)


Is it hot? I feel like I need it to be hot.


Where's she going?


I'm going to back towards the stairs where Scanlan is.


Mmm, coffee.


24 points of damage on the second one.


Oh and plus my--


Plus inspiration.


18. Shit.


Half-carp, half-orc. Orcarp. Carporc? Corpor.


Oh, got you.


I was ready to Toro the bull.


Well, shall we?


Let's keep booking.


Last week, Taliesin was hanging like Tom Cruise in a Mission: Impossible movie just above the table waiting to drop in, and we all thought it would happen near the end of the episode, but it didn't. It didn't. How does it feel to finally let that little bit of rope cut and be in the game again?


Historically, elves have, in times of great stress, taken important sites, important places, people, and either cloaked them, hidden them, or moved them into the Feywild until such time as the danger has passed. There is precedence for this. They've gone into hiding.


So Asterix says that she wants history of Whitestone and the castle, so like, I need a hotlist of things that we're gonna show her, but can we make it sound like I thought of it?


The bird.


Yeah, nope! I don't want to be eaten. Oh, god.


I want people to like me.


I'm going to do the same.


Why, I made him!


Give it to your brother. He's trustworthy, right? Right? Right, Vax?


She's on a different boat, maybe.


What else I got?


And I am willing.


End scene!


Which one did you do the arm wrestling with, Beau?


Right where we are, I'm going to take my Flametongue dagger and go in a circle and detect traps. Detect some traps.


Can I dip and smell?


If you borrow Percy's Spider-Climbing boots I can maybe make some pillars to add for cover for some of us more rangey people, but then if I add pillars of different heights you can climb up them.


Unless I reckless.


So I have my third frenzied attack for a bonus action, right? With my bonus action I have one superior healing potion. Can I take that?


I walked out and they were making out.


Wait, in the cages?


Yeah, that was my (stammers) assess, as well.


Tiamat.


I'm going to take my blades and spin around, pommel out, and I'm going to start punching. I have no idea if this will do anything. There is a symbol of Sarenrae sewn into this glove right here. I'm just going to start-- I don't have the Boots of Haste on, so I can just take two swings at--


Diplomacy would work out well, though.


Oh, and it's super interesting--


Can I reach the jug at all?


This never ends well. Let's forego disguises.


How high can you go?


It takes 1d4 psychic, which is three points of psychic damage and has disadvantage on its next attack.


Okay. Work with me here.


Yeah. We're going to get to that later. I was thinking maybe we could set a fire and send someone running in and say there's a roving band of orcs that are challenging the goliaths, and then when they come out and leave we can move into the town and get all the innocents out. And then if we want, we could set a trap, or an ambush, or we could play some mind games, but I want to try and get the town clear first.


These big fucking chain manacles I've just got over my shoulder.


No, I’m not thinking. There we go.


I take a handkerchief and I shove it into his mouth, and tie that around too.


She went to go find information about it, that's not strange.


Like Kenny G music coming through my brain.


Is it just the Tri-Spire, or is it everywhere?


Well, shut up.


You motherfucker, that was me!


He got an axe in his head.


I'm going to move-- I'm going to press right up behind Jester-- right here. What I'm hoping to do is to pull out the same batshit and sulphur and rub it in my hands really quick and then set my hands down on her shoulders to help me aim and careen a Fireball to hit-- there's no wall there because it's invisible, but to hit the ceiling above-- can't reach. Hit the ceiling here, so I can go bip bip bip to him, but hopefully nobody else.


Towards the north end.


It might bring some rocks down from the ceiling.


Yeah, there's lots to talk about in these books. I'm very excited!


It probably wouldn't work. Well, let's find out what happens to a creature inside here before we--


Okay. If I reach and out touch one of the roots, like just run my hand along it, what happens?


(singing) There are giants in the sky.


(panting)


Okay. Do I have six seconds?


Okay. Do I have a clear shot to use - where did it go?


Oh, that would definitely hit, I'd imagine.


Quick reload, going to get one more shot off and I'm going to take this one with the sharpshooter effect just to see how things go.


You stumped him.


No, that's ridiculous. But over here, I have a mathematical shape. I don't know if you know arithmetic, but I learned arithmetic when I was studying. I learned knife-work, I learned elven poetry, and I learned arithmetic and I had a knack for it. She didn't, but I did. And I would like to get a-- it was called an icosahedron-- right here.


All right, all right. What if you're outside the temple and you cast Pillars and then we go in? And you stand outside, Tiberius.


I'm going to go over to the desk where Jester had pointed and start jimmying the lock on the locked thing.


I walk slow and straight in.


Derge.


I'm going to attack now. First one is a 17. Second one is a 28. So first one, with sneak attack damage, is (counting) 38 for the first. And second one is ten. So 48 in total.


I whisper in fragments what I saw through Frumpkin's eyes the whole time, but I'm still looking and I can't hear anybody.


Yeah, come on.


Okay. Kashaw Vesh.


We're going to make Kashaw take the letter.


I've got advantage on that, right?


So this is the part where I ask Grog over to pull. Grog, grab this--


But, go vote. Help them win 100k.


14?


(gasps) That's amazing!


You should really look at this as a nice peek into the future. It's not bad.


(counting) 35.


Well, yes. We didn't have any at home.


Little colonoscopy?


We got any cages on this boat?


Yeah, I kind of want to.


Ooh! It might manage the goods that Bren told us about that are around the corner. Like all the crates and stuff. I mean, my bowls should be okay, but are you here for something?


You know what? Breakfast is disagreeing with me. I think I have to go back to bed.


Do you need it for a spell?


Ooh, it would be smart. We've got another day's travel tomorrow.


Okay. I'm going to use Healing Word on Grog, and I'm just going to start chanting, Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw!


First and foremost, influences from other planes of existence.


This is just a couple minutes and we will get set up.


That's true. It fits.


Marisha Ray! [cheering]


It's going to have a lot of wisdom. All right. I will Bigby's Hand. I assume he's got a lot of wisdom, so I will Bigby's Hand him. At level seven. And I will punch the shit out of him.


(quietly) We can stage whisper.


You might go before whatever some of the shit that he doles out. He's just going to consistently dole shit out.


So some of you might remember us talking about Joe Madureira and his Kickstarter game, Darksiders Night War, which he successfully Kickstarted. We talked about it a bunch on this show--


All right, I'm going to juke to the left. I'm going to go to that door and try the knob.


I can find it too, Matt.


Is that a stealth on all of us, too? You snuck out on us?


I'm just gonna start cutting. So, try to do what I did with Grog before.


Everyone looks down for a second and processes?


So they're not counting the halves?


Is this an attack roll?


A god-tage.


See you guys in like an hour. I got a four.


Other terrain.


It was a 1.


What's the book?


All right. That is the diamond?


Oh shit, I'm excited!


He succeeds.


Do you have any sense of if it's buried very deep? Or is it sitting in a puddle of shit?


Is it possible for me, if Nott is holding my hand and leading me, to go full third eye and walk blind and deaf here looking through Frumpkin's senses?


"Is that all we need to do? Okay, fine." And I walk over to the thing and I jaunt off into the water.


And now we run.


I just meant that performance was a little tense, Tary. But a better towards the end.


Freddie. Order me something that rich people drink.


I'm seeing things I should have done.


They haven't met Gilmore.


Except for you. (all laugh)


It's a 16 Charisma. That may be insane.


Is this a hotel?


(whispering) Oh shit!


Good job. I grab the back of her shirt and yank her towards me.


You know, maybe we were assholes for not noticing that him handing over his entire life savings was a little suspicious.


Okay, before we go through, I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us so we can stealth through the tree. Like that's going to work.


And I'd like to use the rest of, well, go ahead.


Somebody’s going to have to retrieve the dog if the dog goes running.


He’s actually quite light.


What time is it? Has the sun gone down?


We maybe want to talk to Uriel.


No. Thank you. Thank you for that.


Psh, sure whatever. I guess I'll do Healing Word to cure you. But you're going to go down again, it's not enough to heal you--


PDR.


I go  Yeah, it's this way. That's to the bathroom.


Is the arm attached to whatever did--


I saw you, Percival.


Sure, don't worry. You will.


Greetings and salutations, I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


Oh, he has a wand! Okay. 17 plus 11. 28.


Tickle, tickle.


But we have windows.


That was all knowledge in your head.


Natural 20. (All laugh.)


I would be delighted to help facilitate things between you and the community. I know a lot of people that have left will return. I don't doubt that for a second. But right now, everyone is scattered and scared. And a lot of families have been separated. A lot of people who would love to return here and rebuild the city, they don't know where their loved ones are. And I know that is preying on their minds more than their own safety, in some cases. I know most people are looking to leave and come back eventually. And depending on the resources, like what you've generously offered from the caves-- that will keep them from being refugees. They can continue to be a community in this other town, and then return, well-organized and with resources to build it. (sighs) I don't feel they're ready to do it here and now, though. I don't feel they're excited about that. I know that so many of them have people from their lives they're just missing.


We're going to have to trust somebody.


Okay, yeah. Well, if you're traveling with somebody who's a worshipper of the Platinum Dragon, I guess I can trust you.


You seem like you'd appreciate that more than money, so I don't know.


Just kidding. Wishful thinking!


And I'm taking the other one. And putting of all my many two cloaks, I'm going to put the other one on.


That's not what you said.


With my remaining movement, I'm hauling ass towards Fjord and whichever Jester that is ahead of me.


That's what I heard.


Jesus Crit!


They get-- yes, they do. They get half-damage if they save.


Where was my-- I'm trying to find my number. I was going to shoot about 400 gold at it just to get it done. Seems reasonable.


I think that we don't want to gild the lily. That log is good--


You do want to kill Algar?


Better get them while you can.


You can be an animal as long as you want?


What else is there, really, between stealing and murder?


Okay, but her parents were probably pirates if she was stowing away. (gasps) Twiggy!


Don't be a happy bear, be a sad bear.


Yeah, we'll all go.


He prevents forest fires. (laughter)


Sweet licks on your flute. (all laugh)


Smutty.


The parchment will explain everything and how to use them, but this circlet and this bracelet will help make you a champion that can help protect this city now. And should the need arise, this circlet will give you control of the body of a creature that will help.


If you like milk, you'll love this.


Or come along?


You're all brothers, then? There's three of you now. Triplets. That's great. That's great! Don't see that very often.


Can you throw a rock or something?


I'm going to be okay.


We could also try to convince them that he's broken a law or done something horrible.


One question, is Frumpkin by the thing? Because Frumpkin is an ally.


Nope, just was trying to get away from Port Damali.


Okay! And then I go back and I start doing Gusts into the sails.


Tary! You're fucking us, Tary!


Well, can I send Mage Hand through it?


And I light up my fire hands.


Yes! So any black powder that you have, I would be happy to--


Whatever I just said. It was like 16.


It's very good.


There's a lot of noises going on in this place. I think it'll be okay.


Yeah, I'm totally down an alleyway, through the alley, onto another main thoroughfare. I grab a random person on the street. Excuse me, I'm looking for a specific butcher. Harold the butcher. Do you know? I think he's in the upper slums. Can you point me toward him?


Okay. Tiberius, you wait here, ready to run. I take Tiberius by the arm like this. Vox Machina.


Yeah! That's fun.


Cheese and flowers. (snores)


I'll wake up in the morning, early after my drug hangover, and make my way, quietly.


I couldn't. I burned my Sunbeam. We couldn't have done it.


The way we always do it, don't we? Don't the gnomes fly--


I don't know. I was a badger! I don't know what's been going on.


I birth from the Bag of Holding a dead body.


He's fucking bored out of his fucking shopping mind. (laughter)


Heathen.


Maybe with a short rest. Maybe.


Sorry. I was napping for a moment, what?


This is so dumb, why did we do this?


I want to go help if I can.


I missed you, too, darling. I still do damage on that one, I believe.


We had a friend who we thought it might've been him.


Well-- so the Traveler taught me how to make myself look like other people, right?


Oh, well.


We might stand out a little too much. It would be easy to recognize us as part of a meeting like that. You're green, but mostly you look pretty normal outside of that.


Yeah, I came closer to it.


I'm out of d6s for some reason that I cannot comprehend.


I'm great. I'm awesome. Are you itchy?


I've got no.


All right. You won't want to frame them in any type of larger scheme, considering it seems like you're quite irritated with them?


Oh! I'm so mad!


Are you sure Vex'ahlia should get it?


Do we have an ambulance on standby?


So thanks, post-nuclear family.


It's on another dice? All right.


My charisma is added to any spell that I cast.


I'm raging.


19 isn't a crit for him, right?


(sings) Seven!


Right. I have-- I blow everything. I'm going to blow everything.


Or if you were trying to frame someone. Seems to be a lot of pretty bigoted people in this town who don't like tieflings and other strange lots. Jester, you actually said one of the smartest things of the night, which is-- you did, yeah. Which is, guard's really weird.


Do we want to try to draw them out or get to the cellar? Either way, those two thug guards are going to die.


And I go (floop), and I make him a kitten. What kind of kitten?


Yeah, it doesn't matter, you can't add shit to one.


Cheers!


I know, it was really close.


Yes, well, I didn't choose to be, and I am trying to lead my life honest and true, humble and brave, every day of my life. And I thank you for allowing me to travel with you, and perhaps go on a mission? I mean, is this mission going to start at some point?


Tested?


So we just got to say every game, we just have to make sure that we spit it out. Okay, so I fail, I got a seven.


Do you have any of your rings on? Turn them inside and (impact noise).


You make that easy.


Plus ten additional for the eight and the two for the bracers.


Off that roll? Holy cow.


Am I allowed to rob him?


Oh, hello, Molly, hello.


No, I mean he's right that money would have solved this. But that's not the lesson. Keyleth is right.


No, I think that's done now.


Well, might be sooner rather than later, now.


I'm wounded! I've been gashed open!


That's rough stuff.


Does the Wind Wall go all the way up to the ceiling, or does it go to a certain height?


I think it's a very fair-- Percy?


May I take a look at that map, Jester?


"Taking a few licks."


That's fair. (all laugh)


Little Trinket gets the little bitty dice. Oh, I don't think he got it. No, he still rolled an eight.


Let's backtrack to the caved-in tunnel.


I ain't been doing it.


We get advantage on that, right?


I'm gonna take one of my two actions to clear my gun.


That would be smart. I feel like the mansion is the smartest thing because it's not--


That was a dex check, yes?


Yeah, come on!


That one was seriously bad.


Let us finish our sentence first!


Is this for me? Motherfuckers!


I don't know. I'll see you in the morning.


I just don't know how big around it is. It might be fucking huge.


Badass. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him.


I can make a little dancing golden person of light appear down at the bottom of the passage.


Oh, and I cast it at my fourth level slot.


Thanks, splatterkitten.


I've got the dagger in my hand, right? I see him flying away. I'm crouched down. I flip it over so the blade's in my hand. I don't go fast. I just take my time, pull back, throw it harder than I usually do, through its neck, out the front.


Everything changed.


He's new.


Just to see what kind of person she is.


Please inspire.


Yeah, we know there's two on the wall, maybe that's their M.O., every night there's two on the walls. People are awake inside. What is the hour right now?


Not all skeletons are like ducks.


Water Jet.


Not everyone can fit through the chimney.


Incorrect. I said, "Which is a board game and NOT a familiar?" Boggle is also a familiar! Unstable Unicorns is the correct answer.


I suddenly remember to go back and open the closet.


You know-- oops, sorry, from Zenjurken  "You know it's good when you're worried for the characters on screen, and good luck." Scaviensuretoriot. Popeblasterfighter: "I love you guys so much and you guys make me laugh every time." Danmanmountain: "Thanks Critical Rollers. Great show tonight, happy to give back #23fu."


What? Are you asking me if he shit here? What are you talking about?


I've asked for more Sleep arrows, if you can make them.


It’s like a punctuation.


(Clarota voice) Does he talk like this?


Aw, it's a potluck.


Nothing else has happened?


Not everyone. You only made like five or something.


It also includes the sword and the vases.


New guy here--


I try it.


Tomorrow, Friday, on Gather Your Party, I had a thumbtack comedy buddy, Alex Lewis, and Keith Habersberger--


Keyleth. Maybe you should go see what's happening?


He's been doing this for about half an hour, so--


Can you get a little bit more around the-- or is that all your movement?


That is a constitution-- let me double check. Yeah, that's a constitution saving throw against 16.


Six, it was six. It comes close.


Go home, de Rolo, you're drunk.


I'm going to leave the mansion and start running.


(shouts) Silence! All of you, silence!


No, they're going to bamf!


Do you know it's her?


How are you, after dying?


There might be. (laughter)


Plus five, for your strength and rage.


Bottomless bag?


On our journey, we may have to travel long distances quite often. Is there any means of quick travel to other parts of the continent from Vasselheim?


God! Matt! You!


He has three original print issues of Cherry Comics number one through four.


Is it you and Gilmore making out?


Empower spell is the only one that doubles with any other metamagic. I can do it.


I think this is going to be shot down, and I'm fine if it is, but I know that with Assassinate, if I go before the enemy does, it's an automatic critical.


Against it. Against it.


I should have just strapped him up.


Oh, so yeah. That's (counting) 11 points of radiant damage.


Do they just look like--


Nothing so far. Mr. Caleb, I know this is not your favorite thing to do, but we may require the use of your friend for a little while.


Yeah! I'm going to hide behind those things.


Upon seeing Fjord get super daze-y, can I use my Sentinel feat to crack this guy who just tried to attack?


(singing) Day-drinking!


I need to pee. Anyone know where the bathroom is?


Queen Ulara.


Footprints, horse prints, both?


Okay. I'm going to start making some ammo for it. And I'm going to work on it.


It smells like Caleb down here. (laughter)


They have to be touched.


Look, everything's fine. All right?


That's true. I will Wand of Magic Missiles him.


I am near Yasha.


Oh well, I thought you said it would get ruined if we took it?


But he-- Are you okay, Beau?


Okay, so there's three of these things?


I'm running at the wall and I'm trying to climb it, stupidly.


Chain Lightning? You have Chain Lightning?


Take care of everything.


But it's, you know, your standard arcana magic.


I was just curious.


It's a hairball.


I put her in the Bag of Holding and-- (laughter)


6, 7--


What if we get the weapons off the priestesses and put them in the holes?


Can I look down in the water?


I'm going to say I'm doing it, too, but I'm not really going to.


Wait, 13.


Senth.


At least we got a surprise attack. That's good.


The non-violent kind.


That may be so, but the evil that is brewing beneath the surface of the world will stretch up to everything we know. And I know that you have made mistakes. I have certainly made mistakes. That is to live. There is more at stake right now, and we are the front line. We're the only ones who can stop it. Mistakes are all right.


Damage for the spear?


(heavy metal guitar melodies)


I also want to take a good long look at robot and see if I can-- this automaton.


Dude, I was sweating.


No, let's run up and get in that fucking room.


Six damage.


We're out of here?


Go, go, get out.


You fucking fuck.


Sure, if you string them together, they make a Roman gladiator belt sort of a thing.


That's really sweet.


All right, I'm going to jam it in there.


Are there any scratch marks or anything like that on the walls?


Dexterity check.


I see that this is no longer fruitful. Get a little momentary frustration. I'm going to drop this ridiculous form I'm in and go back to normal. I'm going to dive underneath the door, take a look, assess the situation. I'm going to take my staff, and I'm going to whisper to it: It's lunchtime, children. Let's throw a swarm of insects right into the middle.


"And his estate has employed me to find her in order to deliver the funds."


The whip falls to the floor.


Yes. D&D Beyond tonight, guys, sent a lot of talking points. This is not a-- I'm happy. I'm happy to honor our sponsor and read all of these talking points, but it's a lot. So I'm not going to really do a bit as much as just read them. I had to spice it up a little bit. You guys all know that I'm a master of impersonations and impressions and I thought, who better to impersonate than the people right here at this table? So I won't be reading these talking points. Maybe Matt will!


But we haven't told her that it's in the bag of holding right?


You are going to heal -


Do you crit on 18?


Do you know who you're talking to? We all look different from the last time that we have met.


Can he push down?


I'm already 20 paces away.


This is beautiful!


What are you doing on top of a volcano?


Here, I'll put away the hammer. (laughter)


You know, you're such a wonderful writer, dear.


15 seconds.


No, don't do that! Go back. Sorry, keep going.


I'm not going to do three squeaks because I'm going to hold it together and I will come out. Right?


My herd. Hear me. Fallen is your mighty leader Kevdak, the very goliath swine who would have domesticated you like a common household cat, who would have made you bend a knee to a mere dragon. I show you this. And I reach into the Bag of Holding and I pull out one of the dragon's teeth that is still in there and I toss it into the middle of the square.


I've know you too long now. I feel sick.


That's an island.


Take both my eyes.


I'm not that excited to take damage. 34?


Yeah, I'm not going to kill my weasel.


Now I know what we're looking for.


And then you think that they are flirting with you, but then you found out that probably weren't, you know?


So what I can do, is I can-- if I can't heighten an initial spell, I can power a spell that's already been cast with my sorcerer's point, right? You can empower a spell?


I'm having trouble.


Oh! That's a 15.


Wait a second! Okay. Nothing. But they can't see the map, yet, can they?


None that we could see.


Don't open the box! Just shake it.


Have you not, either? Four?!


I really can't think of what else I'd want to talk about. Please, go ahead.


All right; I'm going to come to this guy, and--


Oh my god, he's been in the troll dick all along.


Come on, 13 or less.


You're very quick, you!


Knowing that, I would recommend that if I make the bubble again, even if some more of them come, as long as we stay safe for the next ten minutes, if they come, we will be still and sleeping and all they would see is a round stone. They're animals, they will leave.


Throw it at her!


Yes! Oh my god, you can kill it just because it attacked you?!


All right. Yeah, I can get us there.


And then the water spreads across the ground in all directions, and extinguishes unprotected flames in an area within 30 feet of it?


It looks like he painted it on the page.


At the cost of possibly your life?


This is good. You have an opportunity for later, if you choose to use it.


Actually, I send a servant. I tell them what it is.


What do we remember about the Crawling King? Do you know anything?


I can take 50 points of damage. I can take two earthquakes, personally.


Oh, shit. I forgot about that.


They wanted this eye thing.


I'll stay! (all laugh)


See, I'm too nervous to even take Sharpshooter, so we're just going to do this clean. And I roll a natural 20. Fuck it.


We saw front door, we saw some sort of warehouse, and a side window with two people going, right?


Doing that right now, just in case the Briarwoods decide to come say hello.


Oh no, I'm fluent in Zemnian. I've read all of his works.


Any of you with the eyes, can you see what that is up in the air?


Yes, Greg?


I could see you as a waltzer. That make sense.


It's raining. We can make a little noise, it'll be okay.


It just won't grow while he's down there.


Great Lakes Avengers is actually pretty spectacular. It's hard to say it. Great Lakes Avengers.


Oh hi, hi there.


She was the last one.


Okay, all right.


Got to find that average.


Kill, kill, kill.


I don't know where they're going, but I think we got to babysit them.


We'll get the lavender and sulfur together.


This is your birthright and you've earned it.


Okay. How close can I get to the--


Oh, what is that smell?


How do goliaths do? Not wearing much.


Hey, they're all about to start having sex. You might want to get out of here.


Is each head a creature, or is each head a--? Never mind.


Just because I'm cooking-- fuck it, I'll keep swinging. I'm in a frenzied rage.


Being carried by an earth elemental.


Yeah, you won't bring back Clarota or nothing, it'll be great.


Oh my god, so 51 plus 3d10.


Oh, you're very welcome to look at anything you like. What will you give me, dear boy? I require something. And yet, what do I need, living here? Not much. Intelligence, no. Secrets, no. Love, no. Sadness, bravery, power. What do you have that you would give me?


Did you have a nightmare?


You've been living here. How did it come that he had a blade to your throat today? How did it all unravel? Have you been living here?


Fudge knuckles.


I think the twins will probably look around and make sure that nobody has been here recently other than us, or see if there's anything hinky.


Caduceus, you raised your hand.


So we still have a lot to fight.


You're not Spider-Man?


Oh hey, Tary.


What is it, Percy?


Oh god, oh god. Ah! Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!


Oh, Trinket rolled a one.


I wonder why he's asking.


I'm always curious. Can I count on you to return the favor?


Can you cast Detect Magic on the poo?


Jeez, you're the worst.


I can box him in with my Wall of Stone.


I thought for sure Caduceus was going to give Jamedi a little--


Thorbir is pulling on his beard and breathing deeply.


Okay. But you know it?


I can't even see you guys, are you like?


Yes, that's what I think as well.


You gave me a Fly coin.


It's a pretty gold die.


Do you see anything? Take advantage? A nine and a ten? It's okay. 15.


Right behind him?


(whispering) Dodecahedron, next night!


I did buy the book. I bought the book in the first hour.


I'm flying so I get underneath him and try and wedge him, help him get into the hole.


It's all I wanted tonight.


Brantley. We met-- must have been years ago now. You remember the Gala.


This is still advantage because it's still surprise round, right?


Ew, that's gross.


We want to talk to Kusuo and see.


d4 on a skill check.


This is a people-building exercise.


Do you know cats? Do you like cats? Do you know cats?


Should I lift again? Or am I just going to-- okay great.


Bro, we got money.


With a cleat, or whatever they're called? I work on that because I'm assuming the anchor is heavy.


We should not be hanging out in this room right now. Can I try to get a better look at what I saw?


I'll put my hands on her. I'm sorry. You're not fully healed, let me help you out.


That is a lot of incense to burn.


Well, let's-- let's move.


What about Greater Restoration?


I'm going to very slowly put my stuff together and fold it all up.


I'll run towards Marius, but stop around that box.


Where would you not go, to stay out from under the noses of your betters?


Oh! Can I? Trinket  stay. (laughter)


Just look and see what it is.


I don't know


I hate to even ask, but is there anything you can do and still--?


Very noble.


I'm open to it, if you have any.


Okay. Now I can send letters to my mom with a really cool seal!


Up to ten, I believe.


I'm a little scruffy. I've seen some shit.


Rats.


Isn't Quall's Hunk just for Quall's stuff? Or is it for everything?


It's been destroyed.


So yes.


Was he? Did you say investigation or perception?


How many cavern entrances are there from where we're camping?


He started attuning to it before the break. (laughter)


Is Tary-- does he have his own room, as well?


Sure, I'll take a shot.


All right. I don't know why he's on my mind. Obviously, we have much bigger things.


Good. I felt that this was only possible if we had a few more witnesses. We have an artifact.


So when are you planning to go down to keep an eye on your boy?


No, we fucking know you do.


Hey, yesterday I started directing for the World of Warcraft. So that's pretty good.


(laughing) No.


I'll keep going, using darkvision to look around and see things.


Where's the Mistake?


And 11.


I hear music; is that the warm-up act?


That's by your feet.


Fucking Vox Machina pieces of-- why am I-- why are we us?


I'll wait here.


Oh, no no no.


That's it? A strawberry?


That's a bit excessive.


I point out the Tasker tower behind us and I say: Those are the Taskers. Those are probably the only other people in this shithole that might be of use.


--this map is a nightmare.


Okay. I'm going to run (counting) 40, I guess?


Do you know in which direction the ship was heading?


No! Twiggy! Don't!


Give yourself every month or give the gift of geeking out to a friend or loved one. And if you visit lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the coupon code 'criticalrole', you'll get 10% off your Loot Crate monthly geek crate.


Okay. 15, 16, 17. And that's sneak attack?


I miss Scanlan! (all laugh)


We came all this way.


Just double checking, I'm still at a d4 for--


Ooh, thank you!


It's not sexual at all.


Yeah, something far.


Would it still be at disadvantage, though, on the second attack?


Within the week, I promise.


The what in my mouth?


You lost the vote, Keyleth. You lost the vote.


There's no attack, there's no nothing? There's no roll? I can't Cutting Words this?


You know, yeah, it's fair.


At least get in this building, there was that encased part, right?


Well, last thing that we want is for them to have the element of surprise on us.


(laughing) Grog, get me out of this helmet.


All right, fine!


You're at four, Scanlan.


Come at me, bitch.


Seven? Plus four. 11.


You dug things out?


(singing) Look at the Sun Tree!


A little floating cloud of -


(singing) For sure.


Of course it has one. Do I happen to know where it is, or do I not?


I think we should pick that up for sure.


Well, they can move faster, but they won't have the orb with them.


Dermis is what I wrote down.


I'm leaping. If you let me leap, I'm going to leap and take an acrobatics check.


Before the show. Oh, okay.


Keep fighting!


Okay, yeah. I'm beating as I go upwards.


She would get an attack of opportunity, wouldn't she? I'm going to turn her into applesauce.


Wait, we come in from one of the doors, so there's only four.


You guys, are we not going to do a Heroes' Feast?


I look down at Algar and say, I'm only going to say this once. Unless you want to end up like your friend here, I'm going to need that bracelet.


Wow. Cool. What do you guys want to do now? (laughter)


Sounds nasty.


I'm just saying we need daguerreotypes. I think it might be time to do it.


Passive-aggressive dungeon master! Oh, that's so sad. Oh.


You did! You did reading of the notes I wrote.


That's just as good or better. You are clever.


Yep, I'm going to burn the whole thing and then, see that fountain right there? Full movement. Okay, not that far, the other side of the fountain. I'm hiding in that corner.


We might be able to box him up, or maybe we should chain him up while we sleep or something. I don't know. I mean, he should be okay.


What stuff in the second chest? Huh? What? Who? Huh?


Yes, I'm working right here on this area and Vex wants a claw.


Should we go in, then? Yes?


Yeah, Scanlan.


Vax?


Generally, it'll say. Because Shapechange, you absorb your armor.


I am the leader of my tribe, and I am doing janitorial duties. Ugh.


(chanting) Monk monk monk.


Whatever. He was just a little bit rude to me, so I don't really mind.


The rifle doesn't have a super long range, either. It's more of a stopping power weapon.


Oh! And that's a giant portrait of one of our members who you haven't met, he made it riding on a unicorn. It's great. You should show him the basement.


And The Shrew just didn't sail on.


I still don't feel it.


Well then, forget it, I don't do that. Shit balls.


Yeah, Fjord, are we going to be Fjord Explorers or Fjord Escapes?


The key. Inside a person, inside a house.


It's a very nice sword that I care about quite a bit.


15 years? She's been here 15 years?


I guess I'll just for my bonus action-- can I swing my lollipop at where I thought she was?


I'm sorry. I'm sorry, were we late? We didn't mean to keep you waiting. Or do you mean like, you've been waiting for us for a long time in the destiny, "we're here and where have you been my whole life" kind of way?


Yay! Okay, seven.


All right, let's take a nap.


There's a lot of--


He was Scottish, but fancy Scottish.


I don't know how the lord works, it's mysterious. (laughter)


Can I step in the front and shield Scanlan?


From inside the wall.


(sighs) Oh Tary.


Take it, give it to me after it's done.


So plus four is correct. I had plus four down. Okay, got it. Got it, got it, got it.


Grog is gonna start tripping.


Yorda.


That went really well! Right? Okay. You stand right here.


Yep, there's that bullshit again.


I'll take my turn now.


But maybe--


I'm so hungry. My stomach's rumbling.


Ah, I don't like these guys.


And then, one last thing. On a serious note, I do some research to see if me, or any one of my party could, over time and with great effort, learn the skills required to utilize a teleportation circle.


Do you like working for that guy?


If I'm not in his cone then that's a ten of damage.


Wait, what night are you doing this?


Hey, I'm still a snake! (laughter)


I got you, buddy.


Like a dolphin.


Seriously. Pike, they're all coming for you.


Plus a Hunter's Mark.


Yeah, that's important to him.


Keyleth's got shit.


(clears throat) Help.


I couldn't take Move Earth because we needed Sunbeam. I have Wall of Stone.


Tomorrow night!


Yeah. Tim Robbins.


It looks like a warning of some kind.


No. I have an arcana of seven.


I'm going to start unsnapping my sickle to get it out to hit things.


Can't you go underground and pop up?


I fly over to Percy's shoulder and I go, (caws).


But I heard them.


Yeah. It's good people coming up.


I think that's fair.


I have rolled a nine.


Tiny?


You don't think they were doomed to suffer the same fate that you were?


(muffled, laughing) Oh my god.


Right, and as she goes and does her thing, I just want you to know that Frumpkin does follow her, and I leave and walk around the block, and duck into an alley, or any private place, and cast Disguise Self on myself to make myself look very resplendent.


Then I'm going to roll again! That's a 24!


I'm currently in... hold on, yeah.


Whoa whoa whoa, I'm sure you want to test the gunk, right, Percy?


Did you just pocket a thumb?


It's all right, it's all right, it's all part of the tour. No, it's all right. Oh man. It's okay. This is Firecracker Alley.


Oh my God, I'm shaking.


This could be our chance to find a good home for her.


Do they search you on the way in?


Oh, he could do anything!


This one is the flame-tongue, here it goes. Six and seven, here comes the sneak attack damage.


It's because she is really a tentacle. She is part of him--


Are there any untouched?


Or Grog can punch it.


Oh! Is that necrotic? What is it, bludgeoning?


Only if you want to become, you know, a full-fledged, permanent, into-the-histories member of Vox Machina.


Your accent is confusing.


What?! Hexblade's Curse?


With advantage. He has advantage.


There's nothing sticking it together, so it's just loose.


Shot number two is 21 to hit.


Okay. Just a straight intelligence check?


Oh, she is whispering something. dndbeyond.com/criticalrole, let them know that you came from us. Give them some love.


Take what?


Yeah, this is another plane of existence. We have to be on the same plane.


Oh. 19 total. One of those was lightning damage.


Ugh. I go over and I use another--


We did! I was not really aware at the time.


You're so strong, might want to give it a--


Actually come up with one.


Fiction, or...?


Apology accepted. Don't worry about it, I have a thick skin about this stuff, and I know I haven't put my best foot forward with you. We got off on a wrong foot. To a brighter tomorrow!


I get extra damage.


There's three of us, that we can all disguise ourselves. I can make myself look like like a sick person.


A month-long journey?


I can banish a being, but not a beam.


Pike asked us not to.


I would be happy to let you take that. I mean, personally I normally would, yeah.


I meant--I meant Stronghammer. Kraghammer is my father's cousin's side.


Two, please, right away.


That's assuming the money shows up in time.


Those fireworks rivaled Hupperdook's.


Oh, I'm sorry. 26.


A baker's dozen.


What was the name of the section of the city that has the Slayer's Take?


I really don't think we need to worry about Grog so much. I think he's fine.


Wand of plus one, what is that?


Just add my dexterity to it? 17?


Nuh-uh.


God, those are balls! They're not literal balls. 22.


There's so much quicksand in this swamp. I'm feeling trapped. I feel like we have a little bit of overlap, you know. I'm able to--


Stealth. Dexterity. Damn it.


I walk away. (all laugh)


I'll just send him messages every day.


All of it.


I need participation for this one, guys.


We also have a fancy Bag of Holding.


This is somebody you've met.


Lady Vex'ahlia. Baroness of the Third House of Whitestone and the Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt.


I just didn't want to be fully responsible.


We need to give him a raise.


Oh, you're far greater than I will ever be. If only I could be a mirror of you.


T-shirts are bullshit.


I'll be just behind Percival.


Yep, yep, Hammer, Hammer.


We've never questioned it before. We've never wanted to make you uncomfortable. But we're about to walk into a party, and I feel like we need a bit of a history lesson.


Is there any way to avoid it? Move up to where Kiki is or anything?


D&D Beyond! Is this me? Okay. Guys-- I'm actually nervous. Guys, the number nine has been very important to us, and tonight, it's important for another reason. D&D Beyond wants you to know that at 9pm tonight, the Waterdeep Dragon Heist adventure releases on D&D Beyond. That's 9:00pm Pacific. That's in two hours, so it'll officially be available for purchase through D&D Beyond Marketplace. Don't forget to pick it up in a couple of hours, set your alarms. We'll probably remind you when 9:00 comes around. But that's not all. The number nine is special for other weird reasons. This Sunday, September 9th, or 9/9, is the first game of the regular season for Travis' favorite team, the Dallas Cowboys. They're already ranked top of their conference, as much as it pains me to say. Travis, two years ago, they won nine straight games. Last year, they won how many regular season games?


Tastes like two buck Chuck. (group laughs)


Look at these badass tattoos! Yeah, look at that.


It was a pleasure. We know you just came on this show so you could get onto Talks. But we'll take it anyway.


She's going to take care of this. How close am I to Lady Briarwood?


And we fly to the walls and perch on opposite sides on the entrance.


I think we're going to have-- are we here? I can't remember.


Oh, that's nice.


He's slow. None of the rest of us like you, so fucking watch it, all right?


(slurred) I don't want to waste it.


I'm heading up.


(shouts) Yeah, hey, Caleb! Nott!


Are there any corpses that are more accessible than the one that got torched and the ones that are squished?


I'm going to need some way of defending myself or I'm going to have to take an animal form.


Your rat diet.


What is dead may never die!


He's not going to leave without the beacon.


(pained) No, it's very nice to see you too, ow.


I could melt the metal and we could actually bring that entire structure crashing down.


I'm okay, I can live with that.


And I go, rise.


Going to vault that for the moment.


But he still has to do a strength saving check.


Are all those facing towards Fjord?


Can you give her some blessing-type of situation?


It would be advantageous.


If all goes well, we will have one more conversation.


Wait, so short time means what?


What a day.


To the jail or wherever.


I don't like goblins.


We could do a test.


How much damage did we do to your little fucking marionette?


Back to the Clasp.


44.


How many, if I laid them out on a flat surface, how many-- (laughs) How many feet would that cover?


They were broken already.


Let's go powder. As I walk out, I shake Alice's hand, say: Nice to meet you. And palm her the piece of paper that's folded very tightly.


Making it old school.


We were gone for a while. When we left, Zadash was in a it of a tizzy. How is it in the city?


Yeah, he told Mama he was in the ocean!


But the last one was good, so 23.


I'm going to hop back on the cart.


Okay, I leave Stoneskin.


The chest hair, the nipples. It's adorable, guys.


We are legion.


(gasps) Oh no, Kima's stoned.


Shut up! (laughter)


We rest and then we go.


Does Trinket smell-- We go in-- Wait! Sorry. Check for traps. Right.


Oh, gosh, what do I have back there?


I need you on ice for a little while, all right, so just stay between me and my sister.


We're working on a better one.


Do it! Do it! Do it! Ranger!


It's starting to look like home, though?


She didn't tell you?


Deep in the single digits over here.


But there are other herds.


You know what, we'll table it. We'll table it.


It was a two plus--


Shut. Up.


Yeah, I'm fine.


I'm coming with you.


That's true, wasn't Allura on her way?


Manly screams! I'm going to run this way past Jester and check out this hall. My speed is 45.


Yay! Run away really far.


I could rescind my deal with an all-powerful deity and let you fall to the ground or you could hear about my personals. What's your choice?


I rolled a 32.


I don't know how this magic stuff works.


Knickknacks.


Oh, reckless. Okay. 17?


Except for-- do you actually know what that is?


In shifts, you can navigate in a pattern, yeah.


What do your brethren put their faith in, if not the Arcane?


Okay, nothing weird in that.


You're a fast counter.


It's where I've seen them written of. It's something new.


I would like to sicken him. Give him a little tummy-ache.


Well, you're going to probably get rustled a bit, but I'm sure they'll let you in eventually.


If we keep attacking him, he's going to take too much damage.


If you can keep a secret.


Remember that it's attached to bone. You can still break your arm, so be gentle.


One ounce is good.


Yep, put the manacles over and I'll jump back in.


This is going to go so poorly.


We need actual sealing wax. I peel it up.


Oh no. What if it digs up a hole in another area, you guys?


RuzGofDi.


With, like, Ashley's face right here. (laughter)


No! Grog. Stop just one moment.


Dexterity saving throw for the Acid Splash as well, if you don't mind.


Well then, why don't I'll heat the metal while Grog is prying it to help?


Might have been too long.


Can we decide, can we talk about this?


That's also a ramp, isn't that harder terrain to get up there?


If I have an hour to do some ritual casting, yeah.


Still got that art book.


He's dead, he's dead! Too late.


Lying? I hadn't thought of that.


Do you think maybe your mermaid would want some googly eyes?


That is the most relaxed that spell has ever gone.


Not with music, I'll send an invisible guy in there to start pressing on the floor and walls.


But the bridge was like 250 feet across, right?


It's just, it's all paper.


You know what, it might be, because I think they decided to charge other people with the crimes and stuff.


Oh god, this is bad.


She should've done it before we went to sleep.


What's it made out of?


No, I see tracks coming in and out of this place. I know there's people that use this.


I fired and missed with a natural one.


Oh! What does it taste like?


Our list of suspects is as follows!


(laughing) That's so cool!


I'll join this one, as well.


She's distracted. She's like (yells) right now.


I keep an eye on the goo.


Oh, fuck. But, we're not even healed. They just went through. We're going to go through and just die immediately.


Wow. No, 16 for me.


I know, yeah.


Sure. What about The Sour Nest?


I haven't come up with anything. No, we could try and find the object. There are legends that say that the sword was lost somewhere near the city. We are, for as much of a moving, still in the earth somewhere near the city. We could find the sword.


Six. It just says damage and then they're pushed. I was--


Can I assist with my Keen Dagger, and help her under her instruction?


Oh, that's weird.


Yeah, whatever. We take a nice stroll around the Sun Tree.


We'll plan at dawn.


It is very hard to see from what this is--


Oh, that is a 12. Sorry, my bad.


Not bad. That's (counting) 20 points of piercing damage and five points of necrotic damage.


So I'm walking back from my pee and I've overheard this. "We were sent here to bring back Kima."


Oh yeah, have I finished attuning with the black hammer of face-smash?


Yeah, there's still an idiot in this group.


Yeah, I don't think that's a--


Xhorhas.


Yeah. Yep. We came across some new crew. May I introduce--


Oh my god, Matt and Travis are going to make out. [cheering]


You might have broke my wrist.


Doing the Charleston.


You almost killed a bear.


Are we supposed to be angry, or sad, or happy? I don't know what all these feelings are all at once.


Meant to do that! Meant to do that of course.


It's all or nothing, Pickle.


Or maybe even statues where Umbrasyl's nest was.


Are we in a dark tunnel? They can't see us, right?


Scatter, scatter!


I already got a set, jpcguy already gave me one, so I'm good.


Oh, I can't grapple him.


We head towards the thing.


Shorty rest and then we'll walk.


Excuse me, if I may. All I want to say is that you are a very impressive man in many ways. You are handsome and capable.


Shoot to kill, baby. Do it, golden snitch.


Wait, does the Slayer's Take have a nice stock of potions?


Three plus seven.


Oh no. This might be the happiest day of my life.


I mean, I'm still willing to commit to it. It's fine.


Nines and gnolls. That's our group name, you guys.


What do I do with it?


Back page.


What am I doing?


That could be a glabrezu, which fucking killed you the first time. They have pincers.


Well, that's getting giffed. Okay, yeah.


You guys don't have any holy ships here. You don't have like a ship dock?


You're a remarkable judge of character, you know that?


Yeah, and crawl around the corner and peek around the corner into that colored spot.


It's not help, sir. We are simply respecting you as a businessman. As a businessman I'm sure that you would disagree with unceremonious charity whether it would be to give it or receive it. We are making sure that our dealings with you are fair and balanced.


No, but I'm going to go with you, so I'll be able to report.


You'll find your way. I pat them all down and make sure they didn't steal anything from us on the way out.


To Ank'harel in the morning, then. Because I'm trying to sleep, you motherfuckers.


She's stealthy as fuck, and I can glide under the dirt.


Yeah. It looks really good on you, man. [laughter]


Liam! Do you want all those boxes?


(laughter) Northward.


We should go there!


You're a random person with a really familiar voice, though. You need to talk to Fjord, and see if you can figure out how to sound different.


I summon the falchion. I hold it right up to his throat.


It was strung up.


So if it falls, it would be bad on the brain.


Will they be in any physical danger?


We should cast it now. We should do all of our casting.


This is stupid. This is so stupid!


Oh, good, yeah.


Who are you calling little?


Let's see if it goes to the other world.


Uh. Well.


But they were under control of K'Varn at that point. Yeah!


Just saying, it could be like a fun game.


What's the lawmaster's name?


A chimney stack? We're not Santa Claus!


Are they talking to you right now?


And look out.


Just one of them?


Bad news bears, right?


(laughs) Oh.


This is like a soap opera!


It's 12 00 am.


They're going to fly and attack his eyeballs! Fuck him up.


I have a plus six to my stealth.


Every round, because my charisma bonus is not that high, you get two hit points every round.


Make time. Blade out. Those dragons are going to find you and me and everyone in this room, whether we fight them now or later. The only stupid thing we can do is separate ourselves from each other-- yeah, keep twitching, twitchy. I don't want to fight this dragon today either, but stupider than that is splitting this group of powerful motherfuckers apart. I'd rather walk away from here, I'd rather take everyone out of this city and build our strength and come back and hobble this beast, but the stupidest thing you could do right now is separate yourself from the Herd. You make yourself weaker, you don't have them to protect you while you're in the fields alone while that dragon belches shit on you from above. You're strong. These fucking guys are strong. We need to be smart. Your strength is shit compared to that dragon. Shit.


This Deuce thing's weird, I don't--


Well then we should go bust her out!


I take it and I dust the ash and drug use off of it. And then--


Clever boy.


But I think he moves rather slow.


I roll out of the way of him, right? 'Cause he's looming over me, is he within--


I kind of fuck with Tiberius's ear a little bit. (all laugh)


A real thing that could be killed right out from under him, though.


Yes, I'm sure.


That's worth literally nothing. How about you give her this? And I take out the rare black sapphire and put it in your hand.


Wait! Vax and Scanlan, when you're within, did you see Vorugal in your travels?


But less, you need the protein.


Some would say seven.


Yeah, let's keep point.


So I didn't know if you could share any basics of your language?


Are we ready?


Oh no, did I disappear?


I got it. I've seen it. I have the spell slot.


The Baumbauchs stole our stuff?


I want to harvest some scales, some blood, and some teeth.


It's a spider!


I have one more hit. I'll stride forward and swing away.


Nine, nine. It's nine.


Should I get out of here and try to start working on the stone?


Okay. I've rolled ass all night, and a natural 20.


We're not organized religion people, we Ashari.


You need a signal boost.


Nott, I think--


I don't know, just asking, like, do you want me to take a note from you to them or something, you know.


He's here on this plane, and he's trying to become a god, and who knows, maybe he succeeded. How long were we in the Feywild? Do we even know that for sure?


But maybe there's a different vantage point.


So you can walk like me?


And then Trinket will attack him too.


This is your jam?


I can too.


You're staying?


Well, I can conjure a bunch of little creatures.


Who wants this gold? Anybody?


He's holding a hanky.


Math! (laughter)


Yeah, makes us feel very worldly.


Oh, great. I got some details, too.


Hey, man. I'm up here. I don't know.


Is it one spell, one item?


This is the most Burning Man thing that's ever happened on this show. I'm flashing back.


I was really wanting advantage on all my attacks. Oh, but I have Yasha flanking. Okay.


There is a button for it.


No it's-- Draconia is to the southeast. Why do I know that?


Wait, can't you roll again now that I told you we were casting--


(gasps) What is that?! What is it? What did you find?


That's why I brought you in here.


We have the light, remember, when I--


I feel like everyone tries to make decisions in a game that their character would make in real life, 'cause that's kind of the point. I take into consideration that I have shitty charisma, whenever I open my mouth. I feel like we all try and take into consideration our background and our alignment, because that's, you know.


Why are you all so fucking quiet over there?


Yeah, 14.


There's a Victory Pit!


You've got no idea.


Wait, what? I'm sorry.


While we charter a ship.


Yeah, yeah. I'm out.


Okay. How many people are still on the ceiling with me?


We can ask if he wants something else!


They're nice.


I purchased this Hamilton with Jeffersons. I may or not have remembered to put that picture in, but I think I took a side by side, just to mark the moment. I don't know who would have been more happy or angry about, but I think Hamilton wins.


Great. Cool. Awesome.


All right, Pikey. Let's go knock on the door and get killed.


Can you tell her to talk?


Yeah, what do you mean chair?


I also tinkered with my armor, or did I have it tinkered on?


That's okay, I've got options. Sort of.


Which is like, I bet.


Actually, I think that's a pretty good idea, but you have to remove it from the bag before you walk over to the marble.


(laughs) That's awesome!


Oh! Oh dear.


Yeah, that should work.


For my owl, so I have to go to the other page. The owl page.


It's too many choices. Too many dice. Fucking shit, motherfuck! Wait, wait, it's a mountain.


Yeah, please.


You were paid to carry this around? Do you think it was a prank? Were you pranked by a friend of yours or something?


Is he rough at all? Even close?


Okay. Okay. Got it.


They don't like them.


That sounds wrong in so many ways.


Put it on, or something.


But if we don't find any leads, we take it.


Yeah, it's fine.


Free round for anybody who has any information.


Pull me up. Well, I can't use this.


He's back.


Yeah, her notebook might even be--


We got paid already. How much did I get paid? Because it was minus Kara's.


(explosion noise)


I cast Light.


We have time. In a day.


Who was your help, if it was just the two of you?


Clay.


No, they're not. I'm getting--


Two, yeah. Two, because it was double the speed because of the boots. All right. First one is shit. That is 14. And the second one is-- I'm going to do Luck on that. The second one is 20.


Yasha, you should do that.


Ah! Why'd you put spikes on it?!


Are we cutting to that title camera so they can see the addresses?


It's a gift I have to share with the world!


Yeah, I cast Regret. (laughing)


Okay, I'm going to use the rope that I'm holding onto, and I'm going to use that to lift myself up and do like a little swinging double-kick action to this harpy.


It's the same thing you rolled last time.


Yeah. Go watch for Halloween.


Pressing face against the crack on. Do you see-- Jester wants to know if you see a switch.


Sorry you can't be out having your fun, dear.


I thought you were complimenting the DM. I was like, yeah, keep it up.


We're going to have to figure out a way to survive.


Actually, that was pretty cool. You learned something!


Do we know where we're going?


Keyleth! I'm right here! Keyleth!


He has cast his blessing upon us.


I'm saying that-- (long pause). I'm saying that if you aren't careful, it will rip you apart from the inside, but that's not a long-term solution. That's just another piece of destruction. You need to find a way to live with the fact that you do what you can, because that's what you can control. And sometimes bad things happen anyway, and so you just have to decide where you're going to pick your hill. You find your hill. Everybody gets one hill, and you plant your flag and you can die on that one. But you have to be careful, because you only get one. If you're really unlucky, you get more than one.


I'm just too smart.


Did it look fluid?


It's true, she's actually very correct.


Are we going through the cellar?


Because you can only learn so much from one teacher.


Nope, never mind-- oh, yeah, I've got it, too.


Sure I got it, yeah.


Does it interact with the environment?


Totally worth it. Is he good? Is he placed well, you guys?


(whispering) Okay, I'll speak quietly. There's apparently a magic-devouring cloak who is being worn by the-- it's in Ank'Harel. It's being worn by...


Beat that practice dummy!


Fucking hell.


Yeah, I can! Is this survival? Seven.


The first Christmas, Grog gave me two pine cone earrings.


In advance, you mean?


I walk between Grog and Keyleth, maintaining my 15-foot distance. Even more between.


Vox Machina!


If anyone in production wants to look for big Beau minis?


I know! I'm looking at you.


Yeah, he doesn't do anything.


Perhaps you would like to shift back to your normal form.


Pike, do you want to go deal with that?


I can try and save it in time.


Yeah we did! This is a mob bar.


Because we saw them on the road and they were heading back here.


That one's got a little bit of tingle to it. I'd be worried about that one. Why don't you take a look at that really quickly?


Good enough.


Also, it looks like there's something eating those trolls.


Will we know the presence of this champion or will it be a silent one?


The Feywild is close.


I cast Fly again at 3rd or 4th level, to cast on them.


The ears have walls.


Otiluke's Resilient Sphere, at level five.


So just a bit taller than me?


That's fine. You're still 20 feet in the air.


You're so coy.


It's a perfect plan.


Okay. I am trying to process this as quickly as I can. I'm glad that I spent all the time making this. Let's go, fuck it. I walk out of Leomund's Tiny Hut. It goes (whooshes), gone.


Where am I on the map?


Shaun? How did you know that?


Wait, stop, everyone stop. (breathes heavily) That thing came to me disguised as Gilmore. He told me he wanted to talk, we went for a walk, he gave me this - Full disclosure, we all know he’s fucking sweet on me. We went for a stroll and then he turned into whatever he is and then he fucking stabbed me in the gut.


Yes, but would the Fireball, where they are, encompass them all or-- I'm just saying if they--


He likes you. Well, he doesn't dislike you any more than he dislikes anybody else.


Got to give a little pressure.


I think it's a magic wielder of some sort. Something-- I must flee! (laughter)


So wait, you built this entire castle, so how do we know that you haven't installed creepy spy things into our rooms, Scanlan?


I take the purple one, you take the red one?


Ja. As I am doing so, I am pulling a small clay cat paw out of my hand. I mutter a few arcane words and I cast Maximilian's Earthen Grasp. A wad of soil forms out the ground and a cat's paw rises up and reaches out and swats at the gelatinous cube.


What? You're going to vomit.


Listen, last time the only guy who could move the ship was below deck! I'm not leaving my wingman! I'm not making this mistake a second time!


I think we get it.


You motherfuck!


For my move. Is that a move action, or would it be an action-action?


Take my next three shots.


Did it mess up my jewelry?


We're locked in!


Oh, our comments cards, that's right.


Well, I've got to stick with them, I guess, although I like being a young peasant boy. It's kind of fun. All right, I'll go with them.


Yeah. Oh, that's good! Nine points of damage healed. Okay. Which is going to go away as soon as I turn and run away from the imp towards Fjord, around the trees so that the frog guy doesn't get an attack on me.


We sprinkled some of its blood on your eyes, if I remember correctly.


Okay, I'm going to, as a bonus action I'm going to do a quick heal.


She'll be knocked unconscious and she'll have to save three times again.


Of course I do! I'm going to do the full-- I'm like, wasp, get the wasp!


Bam!


Oh, that works too.


We're doing rakshasa hands. Grog, is there more of them than rakshasa hands?


Look what you did.


Whoa, what is that?


I should be mourning right now, and I'm hunting your stupid ass down!


Quite nice.


Can I move it 20 feet closer to them?


Aw! That's awful!


32, 19, 32.


Just fucked my head even more.


(same accent) This dwarf accent? (all laugh)


I'll walk up to one of the king's guard, ask him. We're here to inquire about one of the postings. There's a roving beast that needs taking care of.


We have to break something big and scary.


I hit his hand. High five!


We need to plan the ambush.


It's amusing.


Oh wow! Fuck it, I'm going to try it. I'm going to try to cast Bane on this thing.


What's that like?


And the minute you take damage, you become visible again?


No, something-- I don't want money, I want something, give me something.


That was an aggressive roll. Seven.


Looking, using the light.


Yeah, that's good to do. 24 to hit?


I've thought about it. I definitely think there's something on the other side of this, and this thing is how I think I know that our work is not yet done. I dream about it sometimes. Do you ever come down and just look at it?


There you go. And any word from my family? My mother, anything? It's been a long time since I talked to them.


I was just kidding! I was just getting a little crazy with ideas.


We may have to steal an airship or something.


Now all of us know-- ooh I went Vax. All of us know, what you already knew, which is-- yes, still hurts-- that these people are terrible. And deserve no mercy.


Matt, we have played this game for hundreds of hours together. That was two of the best hours of this game ever! That was so much fun.


But I'm so little and wee!


We'll see. Let's do this. I always loved that bear.


There you go. Now we're talking.


I should be on the other side of Fjord, so I'm closer to Caleb.


I'd like to sail. I need a vacation.


I have requested evidence for the Plank King. He wants to see me directly. It's Avantika. There's a coup. She's trying to take over the city with a demon god.


Oh, wow. I didn't think you had things like this in the Empire.


Nothing but net.


Back in Whitestone. We hired somebody to come help us fight.


Working your way back up.


19! Plus one, so that's 20.


Caleb is not paying attention to anything going on.


(in an exaggeratedly evil voice) You drug your friends to their doom.


Keyleth will get arrested, no problem.


I keep seeing this one. For the 11 year old Sadie, the son of Odin shall have that cookie!


Get shit done, let's go.


(synth drums)


Splash, splash, splash.


You need some?


I think we all want to say goodbye to Pike. That's what I was going to do.


He's going too.


He's giving you sass.


Then, yeah.


(singing) I'm flying high, defying gravity!


When you cast it, you get that extra juice, and then bonus action on every following round?


Yule poop! There's yule poop here.


There's three bodies. Were they big bones or little bones?


While you guys set the trap, I'm going to turn into a raven. My job is done here. I'm going to just go and circle while they're setting the trap and setting the stage and do patrol and make sure we're not being watched.


40 feet? Great. So I'm going to get a little bit closer.


Did you affect me, or did you affect my wyvern?


I'm going to get behind that tree and activate my swords.


What's in the box?


I'm adding my bonus die.


Try and ground Vorugal? Try it.


Yeah, there's a little dot next to it.


All right. I don't know what's down there, but let me take the lead because I've dealt with this before. I don't crouch down or anything, I just start-- still quietly-- but I just walk. Head held high, walking down the stairs. Motioning everyone to follow who's here.


The whole experience.


So there's a little window on top.


Look at his eyes! Look at his eyes!


(retching noise) K'Varn.


This is 400 count Egyptian cotton here. (laughter)


I turn and look. You.


I'll stay behind as well.


This is your trick. You pick.


What does the contract entail?


Whatever you're doing, let's do it.


Kneel before Zod.


I've got the flashlight box out, and I'm going to try and use this as a container if we find it.


Believably, not magic.


I don't think my traditions really vary that much from yours, which could still be perceived as old-fashioned, if you will?


She's excited about the lava.


Is it covering like a rug all in front of us?


That's all I needed was just to survive the round.


Let's post up first.


It could. It said, "the water a door."


Oh no, there's a waterfall.


Do you have a tramp stamp back there?


Is he still with her, though?


Well, that went sideways.


Are you saying to me that we made a mistake?


Oh, enough about us.


Should we do a diversion for the guards?


Aw, eight!


We need to have Tary Identify it. Can we drag the box back to the mansion?


Show me your tats.


Well, it would have gone away either way, right?


Oh. I respect you so much.


Does it smell like ogre butt, because isn't that what we're doing? Troll butt?


I was just going to turn it. I wasn't quite going to lift it yet.


I can move within 30 feet of Vax?


I'm curious. Talk to us, man.


Nott, hands in your pockets, all right?


Yeah, we'll share in this adventure with you.


(regular voice) I don't know when it stops!


So that's the prison we're looking for.


It's got to be a Vex and Kiki. That's the thing: it's got to be both of us.


Can I land on my sister?


And that was -- Oh no. Yeah, that's it. And that's the first attack. The second attack is another shot.


(Bane impression) Your punishment will be more severe.


Yeah, it's not my thing, you guys. Four total.


We're goin' in the hole.


I assumed it was shoddy masonry and everything was leaking.


(laughs) Everybody's peeing.


Pregnant?! What? I thought you were gay!


Oh. Chicken.


Plus ten. Pass Without a Trace.


Well, I'm out in the courtyard.


Oh. So just the ice damage


That is a destiny forged.


Should I check my iPhone, too?


Oh, man. I want to trip him.


Wonderful beverages you just served us. How long does that last?


Let's head there and make camp. And maybe talk about a plan.


You can speak Celestial, too, right? You don't just read it.


You still have your Locate Item, correct?


So I can roll 1d6. Or do I, for the-- I cast Hex on the one that was on Nott.


It's a magical power source, then.


Which thingy?


What's the weirdest thing Grog's ever done as a character? Troll dick stuff... No, wait! He went and humped a fairy in another--


So for my second attack, I want to throw Trinket in and I want Trinket to go up and attack him.


Because it's daytime.


You saunter?


Don't we have to examine shit first? With our non-flipper hands?


Oh, look at that, look at that, look at that!


Bacon.


This is such a change of pace from last year. It's so exciting.


It's all right. I will front some coin for you to play this game.


I tried to be diplomatic.


What about the magician guy?


Nearly there.


Put your hand in there.


Yeah, but I can, like, dash and double my movement speed as well. Which I should've done last turn. 'Cause I don't want to go there.


Also, all the updates are on Geek and Sundry right? Don't tweet the same question 30 times to every member of the cast. Don't do that. Just look it up on Geek and Sundry. You're going to get a quicker answer, though, if you look it up on Geek and Sundry.


Hopefully all good, thank you.


I think it's acid.


Well, here's something else I want to put into perspective. If I scry and teleport us to the black dragon's lair, I can do one more scry, and then I would burn my seventh level spell to get us there again, and then I'd be tapped out.


Did you know there's a spell that can do that?


Keg's been on this road before.


Then I stop talking to everybody and I start transcribing things.


I cast Polymorph on Percy and turn him into a crow.


That's cool, that's cool.


Okay. All right. I basically just want to see what the fuck is laughing. I want to see what it is.


19 for the investigation.


We need all the people in the town alive. Clarota will be upset if we hurt anybody and we need their aid. I suggest, because I have a feeling that because this is his lair, he will have, and I'm talking about K'Varn, he will have advantages that we do not understand. If we go in. And we will have disadvantages.


It's an open window.


We're going to have to breathe.


As soon as Beau gets out of her chains, I grab my stuff and I leave.


To the (hiccup) castle.


But he's one of them. So I can kind of leave him outside somewhat.


Yeah, we're only rolling with magical weapons at this point, yo.


To see if he senses it, maybe.


We always got bugs and cheese, man.


Oh man, drop it like it's hot.


You've got to swear.


Does anything about his tattoo irritate me?


Okay. Can I intimidate him to give me his weapon?


I told you, sea monsters!


And did Pike's holy visitor fix the keep, or is the keep still effed up?


