We deserved it.


We don't know that.


It's so wonderful to see you.


Burt Reynolds, you've done it again.


So weird. I'll take it. I hit the wrong thing. There we are. I'll burn another point for advantage and shoot him again. Just with a straight roll. That's 19.


There are times that I think about the cruelties of the world and the things that have been put upon me and my family, and I would hate for that to be a plan, and there are times when, like today, I'm very grateful for being in the right place at the right time to make sure that the right people are becoming strong in ways they need to be. I don't think that excuses the pain, I don't think that you have to-- I don't know, I don't think that you have to not care about it or fight it with everything you've got, but I think the world is shaping you into something important, and I want to make sure that you get to wherever you need to be.


Mollymauk will take that.


I give her a little money. I give her a silver.


How's your mother?


Jester's a really good drawer, even though I'm not.


Take me instead.


No, 20 for the last. I’m sorry, Matt. I’m freaking out.


Yes, and he was an infernal demon and was going to threaten all of our lives.


Aw, sad Affleck.


No parents at all?


Oh wait, sorry. Might have jumped the gun a bit there. I'm excited. Sorry. I'm bringing up the ranks anyway, I think. It's fine.


No no, that would've been it.


Are these like jingle bells or big cow bells?


Your Hunter's Mark is in there already?


Don't you think there might be something in the middle of all the kelp though?


We'll just say we pass the coin.


I mean, we just had the full pirate experience that a travel agency could not provide. It was very authentic, and that was amazing.


What queen?


She mentioned a little insight on the pending war when no one knows about the pending war.


I just saw that, don't forget Trinket. I didn't forget Trinket.


But what is it that lures the Shepherds out of their hole?


Thank god you took that fucking potion!


--are you up for the fight of your life?


Scaldseat.


Nobody fucks with Phil.


But Algar might have something.


And I would like to take my Firebrand Warhammer and pound that shit to the left of me twice in the head with my fiery hammer.


That was, by the way, the best whisper I've ever had. I'm not telling them at all what you said, but that was amazing!


I'll stay on this side of the bridge, who wants to go be a distraction? Who wants to be the bait? Who's real fast?


Carrot Top, anybody?


I'm sorry. By the way, your lips taste like bubblegum.


Gotta find out-- I assume she's-- you've filled us all in on what you saw.


I have something to say.


Oh, the thing on the front of the Monster Manual.


No more small boys, Percy. No more.


It's really good for people without flying brooms.


Are we going out in pairs? Like you said? (Deeper) Are we going out in pairs?


I'm walking towards where I think breakfast is.


By the way, what did we get? The books? Did we get any good spells?


He's not going to be any use from here on out. He's never been here.


Now you're the fucking boy who cried wolf three times.


Drakkar.


Oh. Well, I don't know why it says 2d12, then.


This is like one out of every five games that I get to. 12. Plus zero.


We don't have a code name for him!


I have done some ridiculous things in my life; that might take the top of it, though.


Towards Percy. Shit. I'm going to take the keen dagger and stick it into his gut, and I'm going to take the glove with the symbol of Sarenrae and punch him in the nose.


Okay. We could do Wind Walk. It's going to take a minute to transform in and out. I also have Animal Shapes.


Which...


Oh, I'm the only one who can use it? I'll take it, then.


I can't touch it.


Yeah I'm the Grand Doopa Babink of All Didedah. (all laugh)


Don't women like that sort of a thing?


We would have quietly (blow gun sounds).


Write that in a notebook somewhere.


Scry?


I give him the bauble.


Screw that. Do I see a door for this room that's still darkened out? Then I'm gonna keep sliding along the wall.


Rein it in. We're going to fight vampires.


There was something.


You know who would help us right now?


Fellows. I don't like goblins.


How big is the door?


Yeah. Well, Pike is resting because she was hurt quite badly.


Okay, here we go. I'm going to use Luck.


Can you gesture to me with your fingers and tell me how many years old you are? (whispers) I don't think he's listening.


Take it as a pet!


Have you ever actually tried rubbing his ankles when he says that?


Let me see, yeah.


That would be really awesome.


Awesome times?


Some candles.


Oh, this is fun. I should have taken my armor off first. It's chafing me.


No. This is special.


I don't think we should go back to the Song & Supper.


Do you have something in your neverending flask?


(chuckles) I yell out, PLAYTIME!


Is any part of the creature still in the water?


62 hit points.


Must have been inside your shoes.


My mother said don't give away other things for free.


Do we want to open it? We paid for it.


Not great, ten.


Are you sure about that? A guy who works at the docks in the harbor where this thing is wouldn't know the location of everything under the water?


This is going to end with a fight between the two of you, there's no denying that.


Not straight charisma?


Can I swim with my Alter Self, grab both of them-- Can I do that? Can I grab both of them?


You've used all your spell slots?


Well, should we show our god shit? Did we do that yet?


Does it sound like multiple, or from the same source?


It's good to be back. Welcome back, everyone. Welcome to Spellslingers.


I gave him the bracelet so he knows where to find us. As soon as we kill Thordak, we'll come back and make good on our word.


It wasn't fancy silverware. It was utilitarian.


And he was just gonna check the doors.


I slap down another five gold to the bartender and say, that's for that barstool.


Is that a tree?


Five, six, 13, 26!


Ooh, that's better! 23.


I can turn into a bird.


You and me, we got problems now. (laughter)


I have no idea what's going on right now.


How's your day? (laughter)


22. Oh god. I don't get the d6 on that, so that's five points of damage.


I want him to go pick a fight with the other dragons.


Thank you. My sister made it; I'm very proud of her.


But I mean, Shadycreek Run is-- It's a full city.


This is my friend, Jester.


We've got to get her up and out.


Just so when historians look back, and they want a detailed timeline of our lives.


Keep thinking about it.


(laughs) How many hits are there?!


Nudists get trapped in here all the time.


This is really smart. I feel good about this.


Okay. Get up, come on, on your feet.


Or the two of you together.


I can see that, too.


Do we want to sneak in, though? You're the only one who knows what they look like.


What is my ranged spell attack bonus? Do you know that?


All right. Well, maybe on the way back. I don't know. Get some insight-- so here. Mage Hand it up. There we are.


Or his name.


Can I do a bonus action, then, if I fell out of my form, and cast a spell as a bonus action?


No, it's okay. As a lot of people already probably know, we announced it in our press rollout, but in honor of the hundredth episode, we now have episodes zero-- which is all of our backstories-- through ten in podcast form. Critical Role podcast. And then what's going to start happening is, towards the end of the month, we want to start rolling out one a day, on work days. Five a week. Don't kill us. All right? Every day to catch up, 'til we get back on track.


Am I close enough to charge up and hit that guardian?


Careful.


All right, let's--


There's no bodies, just blood spatter.


Oh, those were the souls!


You've grown!


He's a Persian kitten.


He's inside out.


What do I have to make? I forget.


Thank you. Laura liked it.


Did they say anything about her goals, or motivations? Her ambitions?


You had me at Marvel.


(high-pitched) Someone grab me and leave.


I'm sitting down and I'm busting out Bad News.


I’ll pick up some sausages.


To defend me? Or to attack?


She could be our saving grace. Let the man--


Once per day?


Get him, Stormchaser.


You've attuned to them.


Absolutely. First of all, exactly. You know what? There's way too much gambling at the track. Everybody's constantly upset about the humidity. This is what your problem is. Maybe next time, you'll eat something less human-like, baby. What do I need to roll?


I'm going to cantrip him. Damn it. I'm going to cast Toll the Dead.


No. True Polymorph, you absorb your gear and you don't benefit from it, but it doesn't say anything about you not benefiting from--


That was an eight.


This whole thing was coming apart!


Well, the odds are that you are not going to even see him in your room tonight, so I wouldn't worry about it so much.


We focus on function here.


But there's a face-sucking thing.


You just got the participation trophy.


And I'll take one of those four healing potions that someone gave us. Were they moderate?


Don't lick it, either.


Because why not.


They looked like Slendermen.


Yes, I agree.


What the fuck is happening? Seeing all of this happen, I cast Hold Person.


It’s a fortress.


You wouldn't happen to have a compass, would you?


Yeah, we should go meet with the others.


I'm rolling Eyes of the Grave. Just for the hell of it.


This is what I used to do to hop fences back in the day. I look for a few broken-down branches that might be my height.


Well, I think that's a great idea, but we should also send Bren with you, and if you guys could go simultaneous, like. Maybe if Bren hit one of them, and then you follow right away.


Stop. Don't be a coward in this moment. If you want to help this city, if you want to help make the empire better, you're going to have to stand strong. A little risk is going to come with this job, especially in that position. You knew the risk going into this, didn't you? To put your money and your lives at risk?


He thought it was funny, though, so he's still a dick.


Well, okay. Maybe I can put it on hold, although I really hate to. But let's come up with what are we doing? What is the plan?


We go to the Cobalt Soul. Drop him off. Front doorstep, leave a note, "You're welcome."


You bailing him out tonight?


Thanks for watching everybody, that's the end of tonight's show. Oh my gosh.


Nothing a little lavender and sulfur can't cure, in my experience.


So moving?


Oh, for that?


Maybe go up on the other side of the chasm opposite of it?


You leave my prostate alone. (all laugh)


Iron? That's not noticeable.


I'm healing! Giving a healing potion.


Ugh, it's going to suck even more because of this storm.


Two d4's? The long debate of what's a monk weapon-- so five plus (counting)--


We need to take them out and go through the front door.


If it's not magic, then I have an 11.


Yeah. I will walk just inside the--


All these people.


Then after that, I'm going to go, and is there any place if I investigate for a while, is there any place, or service, or person, or anything that can send a package long distance safely? Money being no object.


I have so many things. Wait, hold on, Chod. There's-- Oh, Chod! Do you want a jewelry box that makes music?


I'm going to cut the insides of this--


Cut the feed. Cut the feed!


Can I interject for a second?


No problem with our setup.


We're not considered poisoned if we got bit, right?


Yeah. That definitely looks like it, too. Looks a lot like what sucked into your body. That was a weird night.


All right, I walk past--


Do you want me to fly up and get some?


Yeah, and the fact that you know him is really cool, too. Anyway.


All right. Education for spite. I like that.


Oh, that's great for you.


Into hearing their talks against the Empire, is that what it was?


Yeah, that's pretty good.


Squish him! Make a building out of him! I don't know.


I mean, they already know we're all here.


Can I grab her and run inside the keep?


No, we set them free.


Okay, I'm going to step forward a little bit. There, there... sure.


You have the best of Jethro Tull over there, or what?


Maybe not quite that high.


14. That sucks. That's better. 27.


Wait, I'll use Luck. I'll do it again to get--


It's only a death funnel if we're the ones dying, right? If they're dying, that's good for us.


When Keg sees Nott, she pulls out a piece of paper and some broken spectacles and says, Nott?


No, that didn't work.


And it was pale and icy, too, I think you were describing?


I'm still weirded out.


No, I'm just saying the difficulties are going to get harder.


Right here, hold on.


Okay, my turn? I want to keep holding, and I want to squeeze even harder whatever it is that I'm holding onto, and try to yank down and take us off the--


Caleb! I didn't mean to make you put your shit on your face again.


There's a new shirt up. I didn't know that.


I go to Syngorn.


Oh there's no--


What do you plan to do with the bowl once you get it?


Have you told many people that?


Oh god, there's lots of traps! I'm dying out here! (laughter)


Are you kidding me?


Everyone's a shady pair in this group. Somehow, even as individuals, we are all somehow shady pairs. It is just inevitable.


Around her waist. Not her neck, again.


I did, so you have enough to buy for everyone.


Dang it. So 16 damage against that guy.


A 20 and then add your athletics.


It probably happened in the first week.


I keep trying to grab Vex. Come on! Come on, hug it out!


Oh, shit, really?


Guys, the Briarwoods' personal quarters are really plush. They're sick.


It's been a day.


Perception check at disadvantage.


I thought we just sent him on his way.


Yasha, you're not a coward. You're one of the bravest people I've ever met.


No! For the cause! Do it for the cause!


All right. Should we go to sleep?


Yeah, that's actually true.


Yes, I can do many things.


What if we hide? Could we hide, could we put up an illusion to hide?


Just use your handaxe! Oh, wait.


That would excite you. I don't know why.


(stutters) What happened to them?


She could be a lazy ass.


I reach behind my belt and pull out a dagger and twirl it in my fingers, and hand it hilt towards Kiri. Careful, it's sharp.


(mumbling) I don't think so. Am I talking?


I don't even know what I've been through, to a certain extent, but yes.


Do not move.


Oh, come on!


All right. I'm aware that some people like to be discreet about things and that's all right with me, too. Then I'll pay you the going rate for portraits of me.


So let's go down.


Okay. Three charges is 10d6.


Is she unconscious?


Once again, I want to keep an eye out, because I had a shitty perception check, for any birds, bats, beasts that I see flying?


Stop, drop, and roll!


No, it was fair. I'm not in the mood for that. And resolves I got plenty of.


Right? Because I can do the-- It says huge or smaller creature, at least with Grasping Hand. Is that only-- does that count?


Oh, of course. That makes perfect sense, and of course a man of your stature would be smart enough to know that such a thing is true. We, honestly-- we will admit we may have a favor, a very minor favor, to ask if everything goes well and we do, in fact, survive this encounter. In return, also, we will be gathering very valuable data on how to defeat these sort of automatons, which will be put into your possession and would definitely help you deliver something that could help with the war effort. This sort of data could get back to the people in charge and help them defeat machines in the future. We're trying new techniques, new ways to defeat these sort of automatons.


(singing) I'm making a note here.


You! Don't go into rooms by yourself, god damn it!


Sorry, about that. You're very welcoming. We appreciate that. How welcoming would you say the city is to outsiders? Would we stick out like a sore thumb?


And now I'm going to roll for that extra--


I've got a drawing of The Gentleman in my sketchbook!


I can get us close.


So bad at it.


The art is looking so good!


My hands are very cool.


Do I have any idea of the hallway and the room, of how far away it was?


Oh yes, he can. He's actually the guy we go to.


I definitely notice. I don't care.


This is funny. This is funny, was this you? This is funny!


Or has that shit worn off with some activity?


All right, I'll run up there and get him.


It's in my possession.


20 feet. What else do we want? Do we wanna ask if he recognizes who did this?


Oh, I - okay. (all laugh)


This is the thing that's fucked up.


You'd hold out on me?


Where is Avantika?


Don't tease me about the Feywild.


Yeah, Uncanny Dodge on that attack.


Here's one, and... D'oh!


(gagging sounds)


Yeah, like the razzle dazzle.


Tell us what it means.


If Pike is going back as mist-- no offense, Pike-- can you find the mansion?


Should we engage or keep going?


Okay. 15. 17!


Is our meal still affecting us?


I think 'crying in your pudding' is actually a British saying.


I'm going to hop over by the little pool fountain. I'm going to back up and get out of this clump of people.


I want to go back eight moves and catch the thing. I think what we're going to have to do now is find out where he is. Let's Locate Creature again, if we can.


I agree!


Oh jeez, that's terrible. Nine! (laughter)


What's that place called again?


61 seconds.


You really are, Taliesin.


What does "not that old" mean, does it mean they're young?


Grog, I can tell when you're lying.


It looks pretty good.


That's the garrison area?


Okay. I Hunter's Mark him.


Which is still a 32. Here we go.


Maybe we do that second, and first we take a walk.


That's another knife I have.


It's not in the book, it's in the--


And it is not one of yours.


And it's untouched and perfectly reasonable. I return it to my hiding place. Which, if I have to reveal it later, I will happily tell you where it's hidden. Shut and lock the door behind me. Everything's fine.


If we're running, I don't want to bust out my good shit.


I pull out her shoes and I put them down.


I can, but let's see what the others find on their end, and then we'll figure out if we want to deal with this.


Are you dropping me?


Okay. I have that.


Yeah. So I've got cover from the tree from this one until he moves, but I can see this guy?


Whoa, the first roll was a 20! (cheering)


That's all you got?


And we're looking for rocks-- not anymore, I suppose. And those are usually the most trustworthy of the untrustworthy people you find in a city.


I'm raising my flask, and I say  To Pike.


So with the sword's 2d10 slashing damage to undead, that's 32 points of damage.


The one that has nothing on the binding. Can I open that and flip through real quick?


It's the one on the right!


Come on, he's not there.


60 feet. I'll write it down for the future.


25 for wind! (laughter)


Can I drink this with Mage Hand pouring from way up there?


Can I assist with a whisper to the sword?


You actually got it to work for you! I'm kind of impressed.


I hate holding my turn, because I don't understand it. If I hold my turn, I can only attack when it gets back to me, right?


You should roll in your box.


Yeah, it's like it jumped off a cliff and killed myself for no reason.


Horris, do you need an escort out of town, or do you think you can find your way?


I just tried to find out what this is. This is going to sound like a very weird question, but does part of you want to hold onto some of this?


Keyleth, she's bleached whiter than Whitestone.


Six plus four. Another ten points of damage.


Well, will you be reassigning it very quickly if we don't take it?


Yeah, let's do it.


Oh shit, that's only the second time, I think.


Can he scoop some up?


What if you spent some time, a minute, creating your mansion, you have a little door here. Once you've created a distraction, we can all run up and put them in the door and then we fight. And then we get the people out of the mansion.


If we can't see them very clearly, they can't see us very clearly. We don't have a light on us.


I light my hand on fire.


I think what Vax is trying to say is we need patrons.


That is with the plus two. I'm an AC of 15. I am easy target.


We do it all the time.


Mine's first.


Oh god. So much bloodshed.


Whoa! There's a ladder, you guys!


I want to tickle you. See what happens.


I feel fine.


We've been here. We've barged in here before.


Oh. Because I did, too.


Oh, I'm really sorry I pooped on you! I didn't know I was shitting on you!


Maybe?


Tell her she has nice boots.


You said 33?


It can have no tentacles. It can still feed.


Is that plus one additional lightning damage, you mean?


Okay and if she starts killing us, what do we do? Hide in the mansion? Regroup?


Grr. (grumbling) You're weak, I'm strong.


Things are looking better.


Would that take away the speed halving? If we had webbed hands and feet, would that--


The moment that they exit the pool, we'll know and it would wake me up, or you up, or anybody up.


I didn't?


Five points?


And I'm going to move it to the back of his neck.


Wet bar.


All right, so we'll be gone-- we've rested recently, right?


I didn't know what it was. And I wasn't alone in this; I had asked Pike to weigh in and she was thinking about it. Doing more research.


All right. Thank you guys so much for tuning in for this technical test.


All right. (laughs) Do I do the dex save first, or--?


(sighs) I came here with friends. I don't know if they're still alive, the ones-- well, most of them are dead. I don't know if the other two are still alive, but they're in prison. I've got to rest up. I've got to get back and find them.


I didn't realize.


I apologize. We realize that after you-- (drawl) I apologize. (laughter)


Yeah. You could hold onto my shoulders if you wanted to.


He didn't even make an attack.


It's good, right? I had one yesterday.


(whimpers) Do I still have any movement?


Take his fucking head off.


Yeah, I think that would work.


Eight points of damage to him.


What if it's the "boltodoor?"


Ones are an automatic fail, twenties are not successes, right?


Oh, please.


Hi! Scanlan here.


There aren't any windows on the bottom floor at all?


Yeah. TRAVIS Oh, okay.


All right, so let's go down into the bowl and wait for her to arrive.


Well, this is good. We have to find out what that was, and we have to see if he'll finally give us some of that ale, I think are the two most important things.


Yes. I'm fine.


It's a pleasure doing business with you. Does that answer your question? I've got some for you.


What's your plans, Kiki?


We have plenty of time, it's quite a distance away. So it could either be the Deep Row Reef or it could be the Inkclaw Reef.


Would I roll an intelligence check?


We're in the tree tops.


Oh yeah, he's an owl now. He's so cute.


We do get an attack.


Oh, shit, dude.


Thank you. I have advantage on those, but I won't need it because that was a 19.


Let it stop you not, my friend! Nott? Nott.


Thank you, thank you, thank you. Oh boy. Three, six, nine.


I feel like you’re just on a higher level.


To the guy?


There. Yeah.


Okay, I'll walk around away from the fire guy.


(humming along)


Should we go to sleep?


Are you going to try to pull me out of the way or just the fucking skull, you dick?


Our Heroes' Feasts are 1,000 bucks each--


No, I don't think I had gotten that far. Plus, I have the sphere. Captain Avantika doesn't.


Don't wake up, don't wake up.


We found some candlesticks too.


Takes one to know one?


So I do, I see Grog going there, drinking his thing, I use my Mage Hand and I whack the ale out of his hand.


I'm going to juggle.


(laughs) (normal voice) Okay. "The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to immediately conjure forth a cadre of devils in service to the recipient--" That's us. "-- whom shall remain under the command of and dedicated to the protection of the recipient for the duration of one month!" We get a cadre of devils. "The cadre shall include four hamantula and a single osyluth. Should any devils bound within this agreed-upon cadre be slain outside of Baator, they are absolved of future service to the recipient. The recipient, our name here, agrees to introduction and installation of at least two chosen of Dispater, who have been selected by the scribe, within a place of divine worship of the scribe's choice. The recipient must not interfere with this installation upon completion, and any interference will be considered a violation of contract. Third pact!" (big inhale) "The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to immediately impart the recipient with knowledge of ancient power beyond their grasp, enabling the use of divine powers granted under the grace of Lord Dispater that can instantly restore themselves or allies to a healthy state--" Ooh, we get health knowledge! "-- or rend the lifeforce from their opponents!"


Did he communicate with you in some way?


Do I-- actually, sans head piece. Clarota without the head piece. And what do I see when I get down there?


I'm gonna chime in over the earring and say, Somebody could turn Grog into a marmoset or something, that would work for the circumstances.


It's mid-day.


Then I get two attacks. Two actions now, right?


Another ziggurat?


Hey, Percy! So glad you're alive and not burning in acid. Do you have any extra vials?


I'm sorry, I was just thinking of Wendydoodle's art from the comic. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to check that door for traps, is what I'm going to do.


I give Frumpkin the finger, hoping Caleb will see.


What? Oh. I asked what the biggest playable character was, I think. One that liked to fight, drink, and fight.


No, we spent--


30 seconds back in Tal'Dorei and we're tormenting people.


I got 15 damage. Am I within, I'd like to use my bonus action to sneak attack if I can, if I'm within five feet. If Scanlan is within five feet of the creature, that's up to you. I don't know. It's crazy circumstance.


Very much a Shadowrun guy.


Okay. Should I do Gilmore next? Is that necessary?


Can these actors do addition?


Much worse.


Because there is-- the liquid hot magma that was below where it was being held was very sufficient for it to be thrown in.


That's so smart.


It's possible we can wait for all of the goliaths and other barbarians to attack the dragon, and when they all leave the city, we bar them out, take the city back.


You know what, we are but they have a range.


The gnomes are like tent spikes, holding him in place.


Travis is directly behind you.


Fuck you, no. It's a 19! Total 19.


He can't run anymore.


Come on, vacation Scanlan.


You're going down there?


Yeah, I'm going to move in that crux a little bit more, one more, if I can?


I'll look around for traps on the floor and stuff.


Abjurist Noja, that's right.


What level are you doing?


Yeah, how could he miss it?


Oh god, what did he ask for?


It's that bulbous butt!


Do you ever feel like your relationship with your cat is hindering building stronger relationships with human people?


Got it out of the way right away. Autocorrect. Inside story. Inside joke. Whatever.


End the fight, Scanlan.


Yeah, there were a couple dead-looking trees, not huge ones. How big do they have to be?


To run it if we're not around. (gasps) JB!


Do you know where they are? So we know how to steer clear?


Wait. I have an idea. Maybe we should take the bowls outside of the room and cast something on the bowls and see if one of the symbols on the bowls light up. That way, the staff doesn't absorb the spell immediately. Because when I cast Toll the Dead, I was trying to cast it on the bowl, right? But instead, my spell went up into the middle of the staff. Maybe if we try casting it on the bowls outside of the room, that won't happen.


No, but I will anyway.


Oh god, his laugh's the worst.


Ugh. No. I'm going to go fix with that. Whatever. You know what I'm saying. (wind noises)


Does the door look hinky at all?


Well, I don't have it. You have it.


Yep. Here we go. That's, oh that's good, 29. I'm rolling really well.


Oh! Yep.


I'll take any-- I forget the sizes, is it venti, or grande?


And I asked you if you were all right the other day, and I think you might have not told me the entire truth. Are you all right?


I back up against Zahra, and I say to everyone else, because she's right next to me, we've got a T in the passage here, but there's a big fucking hole in the way, so we're going to need to use our neverending rope, perhaps, or some means of getting over this hole if we want to go forward.


Okay, so that's a regular attack.


For the belt, obviously. We've already established that that's in the silver range and certainly not touching the gold.


Ooh, the mage. A mage, or the mage?


The one in the far corner is not the one that you whispered about. Who shot at me?


You dabble a bit?


We don't have time.


I like this idea. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, just to be safe. So we can stealth and be quiet. Yeah, but they'll just keep falling, won't they?


I also have a spell that can make people tell the truth.


It's a dice tower where you make the magnets happen


I wanna grab him by the calamari and stab him in the eye. (laughter)


She was awesome.


Yes, I remember that night.


Are we going to get it fixed? Or can I still stab people with the broken part?


Okay. You had advantage on them.


You're right, that is fun.


I'll spoon you.


I'm not going to answer that. I'll see you at breakfast. And I walk away.


Here's my question. I feel Pike's energy tonight. Maybe, while I'm meditating, I can somehow reach out to her, and maybe ask her to get in touch with Sarenrae, and maybe Sarenrae can call up her homeboy Pelor.


I'm grabbing for Pike and going like this.


Can I be talking to Zanror?


No, I remember we found it and nobody equipped it.


Why do I have to explain it?


I can do a healing draught for her.


That's my ring. I dropped it out the window.


Unless you wanted to hop in the necklace and give it to her in the elemental form.


We hold our festivals there every year.


If you keep at it, you might be able to achieve your goal.


The sardonic one, right? With the shit-eating grin. Does she look like she works for the circus?


Well, that's because we don't have anything, because Scanlan's troupe stole everything anyway.


Okay. Well, how's everybody feeling? Are you tired? Are you full? Is it bedtime? What's going on?


Just on our way out.


I put it back and I turn. They're made of people.


And Kevdak would think that Grog's father was serving him.


Do divers die there?


Do you guys wanna like, put me down on a rope, and I can just run around, see if there's any openings? I mean I have a lot of armor.


Hopefully, it's a while until dawn.


Yeah, Feywild.


Goggles, yeah!


Hey, Yasha.


Agoraphobic.


Can he roll for gag reflex? There's a rope coming out of his throat.


It's the ship! That's the ship that she owns!


Do you think I had the wherewithal to use it?


Let's collect our things. What's the temperature like there?


Can I continue my movement in his direction as far as I can go? 50 feet.


Is there a full table behind this computer?


Oh, can I go find Jarett really fast?


I actually think I want to tail Grog.


Quickly! Before this runs out.


Oh, thank you, wonderful people!


Do I know that that will work or help?


So ten, for the second.


How far away can you do a pop-in?


This is a tough decision. But you know, it's not a tough decision to subscribe to Loot Crate.


I'm always nervous in the first five minutes.


Oh, my god. Already. Oh, my god. You're still fucking gone.


Get back to me in a second, in about nine seconds.


Where are we?


No, that does not hit.


I can Sweeney Todd that.


Trinket.


I need a bed. And I motion towards the thing. I'm sleepy.


Um, outside?


Even with a 60-foot range? Am I close?


I look to Yasha.


How 'bout that smell, everyone? Eh?


You want another title?


Okay. Shit. Trinket's still in my necklace. I wonder if I bamf him out-- he wasn't covered in oil-- if he'd be in the regular plane or if he would be in the Ethereal Plane.


All right, I'm going to go sleep in the corner.


Shit got hairy.


Shall we go to Westruun?


When I hold him, you yank him off of the wall, and then Humpty Dumpty, you know, they can't put him back-- You know how it goes.


I love that you can't emote.


I didn't roll to hit. To hit, that is, plus, 16 to hit?


Oh. Okay, yeah, I'll just shoulder around him.


Do you miss the de Rolos, dear?


Oh, that's very kind of you. See? Look, experimenting with new cultures is really quite nice. New tastes and all. What does it look like?


Jeez, guys.


Yeah. The Duchess perches on my shoulder.


No. 20.


Are you the last Pumat of the Pumats to read it?


We need some platinum.


I owe you for that shit. Thank you.


No, I thought we got them in character.


One moment. I send Frumpkin up to flit about 50 feet ahead to see if there is anything ahead, or from a bird's eye view that we are unable to detect.


We would need Dispels.


It's not!


Let's cut the guest visitor because really. Really?


20. It was 20 plus two, 22. 29.


Ooh! Okay, that's good.


And Trinket isn't allowed to move any at all?


Oh no, it's the general!


Have you ever tried not singing for dinner?


The children do owe us a little bit.


We're talking to Vin Diesel.


Okay. Hey. I was the only one who didn't give you shit for that. Just keep that in mind.


Just per turn?


Well, that's creepy. Can we take it to someone; who do we know? Not Gilmore, this is beyond--


I'll walk over to Pike's room, then.


That's true. A lot of that was hyphenated.


I go get Percy.


I wish you a dreamless sleep. And he's out. (laughter)


This was a while ago.


Wizard in the back.


Nila is really good at this; she's great.


Ah, you guys are assholes.


No, but look at it!


He saved against it.


I'm still in the back doing the dust of uhhh.


Oh, check out Heroes of the Vale-- why would she be British? Check out Heroes of the Vale every Wednesday at 2pm Pacific on twitch.tv/dndbeyond, and follow @DnDBeyond for more info. My dice addiction is becoming a problem! Finally, last but not least, Taliesin says--


Here, I've only been to Xhorhas and Zadash.


I feel like this is not the only room. This is not enough. I feel like there's--


We can go now.


Human fighter.


Oh my god, you are so speaking my language.


Why was it at disadvantage before?


Oh, God.


Why would they be in here drinking? They're guards on duty!


From the Blessing of the Knowing Mistress!


I don't know! I don't! Just go get it.


Yeah, I feel bad. Whitney.


(in normal voice) Pretend that I don't talk-- (in human accent) Pretend that I don't talk like this.


That's right. Yeah.


This was the best way I knew to keep her from destroying this city outright. This was the best way that kept her from telling the red dragon where we are. And the longer that we can keep her a tenuous ally, the longer Whitestone will stand.


Why don't you let it leave?


It's fine, except the pinkie toe


Well, thank you for everything you've done. I've heard amazing things about you and your family.


No, I'm still on the stalactites. I haven't moved off the stalactite! I'm straddling it.


(sings) Do do do do doo, I'm lovin' it. (all laugh)


(garbled) We didn't think about fire resistance, did we?


Okay. What else? What's the last one? What should I do?


Giving him a loaded gun?


So it's disadvantage no matter what. Right?


That is 21.


400.


(yipping)


Yeah, but I can only get 50 feet away from you guys. If I come here--


Monkish? Okay. 19.


I will be there tomorrow from 12:30 to one, for a meet and greet, which I'm going to pretend is an autograph signing, and I'm going to bring my own pictures.


Okay cool, cool. That'll be happening tomorrow 5PM to 7PM Pacific Standard Time, you guys should tune in for that. We are still going to be donating to Extra Life, but we're not really going to be pushing it, it's more of a reward for you guys for helping us get past that $75k goal.


He lived!


Do I need to roll for stealth or am I already stealthed?


Go! Run run run!


I have to go to the water ashari. I have to.


Paralysis.


We have lovely beds.


It's the British Invasion.


It has to be something small?


If she screamed, I stopped once I realized she wasn't leaving. I stayed.


I just hope we're not the darkness.


(singing) Victory Pit!


You know what, it's just fire. I will be on fire.


Eight total.


Man, Grog!


We'll learn something.


It actually has a very good reputation, to be fair.


Yeah! And then we're all under investigation because we saved them! These guards are weird. Hey, did you see the wizard guy, the stinky guy and the little halfling?


Two to Desmond. At all times.


How about you guys give me the skull, I'm not even touched by anything dark.


Who are you gonna use it on, Bane?


I feel like that's not going to work.


Let's go downstairs. I'll go first.


Yeah, assume 55 points'll miss.


No, I put Bad News away. Bad News is empty.


Now Beau, you know a pet is a lot of responsibility. (laughter)


Druids don't shave pits, man.


I get out and I start positioning them like maybe they were having a romantic tryst.


I like this.


All right. Maybe, "How long has this curse been here? How long has the forest been spooky-ooky?"


Delivered in tiger?


There's a waterfall.


There's a joke there that I cannot think of what it is because I'm too freaked out. I can cast while I'm invisible, correct?


No, now he has the power! (all laugh)


I'm going to go, as well, and continue to eyeball for traps.


Scoop up the rug.


Wait, we have light.


The alcohol has worked.


The blood doesn't help.


Hey, Pike?


And he's a dusk-what Bastion?


Any time we've tried to do anything together, it went off seamlessly.


Daxio, we've got your papers, c'mon.


Still a cat and a flashlight.


Well, we should probably hit the Leaky Tap first, in the West Outersteads.


Check the fucking thing if it's trapped.


Hey, do you like it in this jail cell? Maybe it's really comfortable, huh?


Oh, is there a teleportation circle? Do we have one in Whitestone?


What is it? Components of a potion? I don't...


Yeah!


Am I within that area? If I went down to save Velora?


No. I have to tell you something


Well, if anything's going to bring more skeletons, it's that.


Oh, then I rolled shit. It's just a five.


I'm going to cast Calm Emotions on myself and go swim to the boat.


And Thorbir looks at him and goes, okay. And pulls his greataxe out and leans on his greataxe.


You have the joy of children in your life!


Well, if you've explored it, why don't you tell us what's necessary to bring?


Aw, it's nice to have someone who really understands. It's the process.


We jammed the door. It won't open. So. There's a tunnel; we can go up and over.


Do you just need ten gold pieces?


Yeah, bye. I'll be back. Bye! I'm going to do Alter Self to give myself little gills and little fin hands and go with the ship.


I pull the hand back to me, and I take my keys, ow! Back in my pouch.


No, I didn't roll twice. Okay.


Keyleth! We had a breakthrough.


Me too. I call it dying.


Fjord, that voice you're doing. It almost sounded like you actually did in Port Damali.


That's incredible. Five players is a lot. Phew, that's good.


If you are not powerful enough to conquer them, how would we have a chance?


I put my hand over his eye.


They're not guest people. They're not dinner party family.


Oh my gods.


17 on nature.


Go, guys. Let's go.


I have to roll at least a 12.


We haven't been to the Alcove or the barracks yet. The barracks are right against the castle, though.


I'm doing my best! I was just given this! I thought he was going to be here! We brought his things out. I thought he was going to be here! And now I have this, and I have to somehow--


You're real little, like the size of a toe.


Fuck, I do not wanna get close to that thing.


I need one other, just in case.


Ashley?


Yeah, sure. 4d4? That'll do great.


I'm going to cast Locate Object one more time. Oh, that that takes me out of stealth, doesn't it?


It was starting to-- it has a brine.


It's an illusion that I control.


What thing?


I'll start heading to try and flank him. To flank the blue beastie.


You have had a rough evening, it's understandable.


No, go right ahead.


No, can you uncanny dodge?


Okay, Guiding Bolt. Hold on, I'm sorry, I can't tell what's happening.


Pike, we need your help.


How does she figure out who's going to be the customer? Is it a lottery, or a wait list system?


Scanlan's forte. Come on.


You do. You really do.


But if he does--


Two plus one.


Uh-oh, it's happening again.


Guiding Bolt at the one coming closest.


This is awful, all of it is awful.


What mages were you with? What mages found you? Were they with the Academy?


I got nothing I can do.


Hey, the whole Cerberus Assembly thing. Do you know much about them?


We make a big stink in the house we're not going into.


It smells a little like tuna, and that's not me, though.


It's a Pike in a box!


Freedom fighters.


Aw man, I feel that comes back to bite us in the ass later (nervous laugh) because he is still conscious, right?


We're super good at talking, both of us!


So he knew about the happy camp.


Wow. Wow!


Yeah, actually. Don't mind me, I just have a treehouse to get to. And I walk through and go under.


Yeah, yeah, if I held-- let me shift one over, just so I'm not in Trinket's way. The other way. Yeah.


Is she doing it to the magician?


You know, can we just buzz by the front foyer, and then we'll find my friends, and then we'll all be like, hey, those are my-- It'll be fine.


I give Scanlan the Hat of Disguise back.


What about Delilah. Where is she?


Or a bamf-in-Pike card.


She gets advantage on those.


Okay, I'm going to spend my movement to get nice and firm, sit myself down, pull out the big gun.


It's so hardcore.


It's like a political rally?


I need constant updates to where these animals are.


Ain't no hollaback gnome!


It did. I got this thing on my finger, I was later told that that's what happens when you work with your hands. (laughter)


So you have a very wrinkly red cloak on right now.


I don't need your pity! Grog, kick this motherfucker's ass!


Hold on, I'll call you back.


Can anybody do a perception check on magical liquid?


Oh, wait! Blessed. Blessed! #Blessed, bitch!


I know nothing.


Should get out of here.


You're my guy.


You should not be able to make up food that delicious just on the fly like that. I literally felt like I was at a fucking restaurant. That was absurd.


Is she going to hate all of them?


That's not good.


I'll try.


I crop-dust all of you as I go in front of you.


Stop laughing, Travis! Stop it!


Sorry, I didn't mean to--


Not touching anything, just looking.


So pretty.


Vax drops Tiberius' stone ass to the ground and starts feeling to get the mechanism of the door open.


Actually, maybe if we ask Mr. Mistoffelees-- I'm going to never get tired of saying that!-- to go up to the tower, greet whoever's up there, and throw them off.


No he won't! He will never tell us!


Well, I know that Taryon and I can alter ourselves into merfolk.


It's a different kind. It's a dex save, but he's stunned, so I imagine he's not going to do too well. He's still prone.


No, I want her to tell you about it, and you can write it down. That way we have all the details.


Ursa Major.


They are?


He was. He gets killed in Civil War-- Technically tranquilized. Apparently, is what he clarified. Anyway--


It's too dark. (flutters)


And wind.


My math is probably wrong but I'm getting down there.


I'm getting there. In this, I'm asking for their assistance in killing a dragon. For this assistance, they will get all bounty of biological remnants of the dragon, with a small percentage of scales and teeth kept for us. Asking for 20 percent, but negotiable. We want them to supply either a local or give some intel into where we can find a beast large enough for this dragon to attack. Information that we have on this dragon so that they actually help us strategize any ways of defeating it, and any other help that they could give in defeating this creature. And as a token of our goodwill, we are sending them a small package of black and white dragon scales and a dragon tooth.


One sec. (panting)


I will go to Mr. Sol's establishment. (phone trilling)


Is it saltwater?


He's not going to Sam Riegel us again, is he? Because I can't handle that right now.


Elf. 11.


I don't know Celestial!


I'll bonus action Healing Word him, 2nd-level. I will sing to him. I'll do a little line dance right in front of him and I'll say: (singing) I'll heal your heart, your achy breaky heart. I just don't think you'll understand. That if I heal your heart, your achy breaky heart, you got to wake up and kill a man!


We'll wrap our arms around each other and then disguise ourselves.


Beaten in? Yeah, erased.


Tary's the eighth. Are we going to go through with Tary? I'm being such an asshole right now.


Sleep! (cheering)


They love old things! If we say it belonged to a dead person, they love it even more.


I'll cast Mage Hand and take a ball bearing across the way, but not dropping it, just holding it in place, just in case.


They paid us 60 gold for three days.


I put my hand on one side, and I pull back one ring. As it pulls around across, at the same time, I click another one to the side. It slides around the side and--


No, I'm just saying, I understand where he's coming from, and I am all right with it now. I'm fine with it. With the secrets.


Oh! I got a 20!


I reach out and brush the dirt from above her forehead.


Well. Okay. Do I have any more movement left?


Turn it over!


They're not men, but yes.


It's a million.


Well, I don't always look great, but point taken.


Scanlan, why don't you hang with Percival? I go in.


Yeah, I think it's too dangerous to try and plant it on her. It's adding one step that we don't need.


Scanlan One will just hold his turn until those gloomstalkers are in range or until they move, and then he'll cast, I don't know, frigging Wand of Magic Missiles, I don't know.


You didn't perception check the cup!


You had us, and then you lost us.


Bad?


You were inside his gut. You have to remember that.


We are in the keep.


(Clarota voice) Time is a circle.


(laughing) This sounds like a warning.


Yeah! And then you pretend like you tripped!


I take that. "to the lot of you, and my greatest thanks." (all laugh)


You have to speak a word to make it work.


Strength versus my spell save.


It's reaction, damage minus 1d10 plus my monk level. It just happens, right?


Oh, yes. Well, let's find out if we need it yet.


Nott! What is coming out of your mouth right now?


I have, and I may have one. I almost wore it tonight, but it is in the dirty hamper.


I don't want you to have to bear this one.


You want to stay over there?


Why did he shatter them?


Yeah, well, goliaths are awfully fond of books. Let's go find out, shall we? And we go back towards where I guess everybody last was.


Nice! I'll be taking another shot, too.


Can we see which direction those wagon tracks went in?


I go up to his arm, and I Druidcraft a wooden armband. Make it look cool. And put that on him.


Are you down? Are you looking rough?


Exorcism for science. Why not. (laughter)


Where should we leave Kiri for this? We can't bring her over with us.


I almost died today, motherfuckers, I almost died.


I'm sorry. Do you mean like dancing?


I just wanted to a little Witch Bolt. Two more Eldritch Blasts going at it.


That's what Vex is for.


At 1st-level, because I feel like that's what she would do.


(slightly delayed) Dead-ent.


I'll shout at her  what do you want to say?


Almost like fate, isn't it?


I would have said if we'd gotten around to it that if I could go another 30 feet in this direction, if I could still see the last goblin that went this way, I would fire off more magic missiles to finish it. But that's only if I can see it.


That we're talking about destroying?


It was very dusty in there.


Kill her now!


Okay, I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on it.


Have we looked for instructions? Is there writing on the Titanstone Knuckles?


Jester. Shits and giggles or utility, is the question here.


Spread the word!


Okay, cool. I pick her up and start trying to climb up the rope.


I wish there was more of me.


Do we tell her, do we tell her we have the Horn? Or do we not?


I was leading everyone back to where this troll was.


I go ahead and I cast Healing Word on his hands.


Wow. I would take it, but I don't have enough gold.


The only thing I'm worried about, Zanror, is that if this ugly beast flies in and sees, oh, how many of your men do you have?


All right. I'm going to use your Pelor die. Hey, that's good. Perception, you say? 27!


Are you enjoying yourself?


Where are you, Beau?


I'm going to bolt, double dash, fast as I can go away.


Do you have anything that might assist me in a scrying spell to help spy on K'Varn? Maybe something in his image?


8d8.


She can make plants, and we'll get plenty of oxygen.


Yeah. Okay, I'm going to pull out the key again.


Investigation. 20.


Yeah. Invisible, then?


Yeah, look, mate. So unless you want to bleed or lose the head that's attached to your body, are there more of you around these parts?


You should auction them. You should auction all your graveyard dice.


Do we need to choreograph something?


Roll a death saving throw? That is the thing I do.


I peek in and, using my darkvision, see what I can see for 60 feet.


But we understand personal journeys.


I mean, my only option to heal him is to land and touch him.


And I just let myself sink again (laughter)


You were thinking? What would you have claimed?


I'm a dragon on the ceiling.


Not vulnerable to shit! Then, I have one more attack because of haste. Attacking again. That's a natural 16, pretty sure that hits.


15's fair.


What if this ball is somebody's treasury or something?


I don't think we'll have to.


Well, I hope he got away.


I think we should remember this place is-- well, it's probably going to disappear after we walk away. These things tend to move, don't they?


She's a dwarf! She's human!


I can be down for that.


I walk up, get a little uncomfortably close, put my hand on your chest. The power was in you, all along. See you at breakfast!


Fucking Jamedi.


Is there anything of interest in this building, since we have a moment?


Yeah. (whispering) Come on, come on, come on.


Die. Just die.


That we can wear over those gloves.


It exists.


Yeah, he was looking in this area. He was like, "Ah", and then I feel like I saw his head go over here. But then the bookshelf was in the way, so I couldn't see what he was reaching for.


And for Team Hooman tomorrow is Ify Appreciation Day. So if you guys want to get on that. And for those that know Ify as sholfboys and not much else, Ify is a really prominent figure in the local comedy scene and he does a lot of work on shows like Key & Peele, Comedy Bang! Bang!, stuff like that. He's a really talented dude. You should look him up before you write those tweets just so you know more of what he's about. And we are going to throw that dropcam up and set up for dancing. If any of you want to stay, you're welcome to. If not, you're welcome to leave. No one is going to force you, except chatroom now that I brought it up. (all laugh)


You could really do something terrible to him with that thing.


No, he cast Friends, and the whole point is to-- yeah.


The guy from the--


(Scottish accent) A little turtle head poking out. (Normal voice) So I'm stunned--


We found a strange bag. Maybe, when you're feeling a little better, you can look at it and tell us its magicalness.


I'm going to spend a ki point to stun.


And I'm also turning to Tary and going, (whispers) find the next one, we've gotta get out of here.


Or you can kill him and take the weapon later.


I do! Gnome Cunning-- Advantage on all intelligence, wisdom, and charisma.


Hopefully you're close.


Yeah, I would.


I could use a little light!


Someone will keep watch.


Trinket is right here, right now! He has been quiet, because he's really well-behaved.


Trinket-form.


I rear back with the bloodaxe and I swing for the hinge right where his upper and lower jaw meet, and I'd like to cleave up under his skull into his brain.


It's stuck there.


When was the last time you saw Riskel?


Why was he holding your nut?


You two?


Let's build the best castle ever.


Oh, can I try it for the third time to break free?


Advantage on strength and what?


Fjord and I are going to try and get him into the Academy.


What is a periwinkle?


This is so weird. Okay, wait. Keyleth pulls Vax aside.


-- is going to see through it. So if we've got one real half-elf in the mix, he'll focus on me. So I'll take the flying carpet and tie it around my back.


I would still have spent the entire three days reading about that.


It's not the secret to happiness. It doesn't actually help if you're not already happy. It can augment existing happiness, it just doesn't create it from scratch.


Good. That hits. That's 18 plus a lot. Plus 14.


Do I get sneak attack? No, right?


Okay. I'm going to run towards Marius.


How many of those have you had?


I guess he was already out, wasn't he? Because we were running.


I want it as well.


Does the axe do anything when I hold it?


He was a bad person. We didn't kill him.


We have an instant teleportation as a worst-case scenario.


I can heal Molly while that's going on, then.


Did they have dogs?


It lowers his attack by three.


What are you going to write? What are you going to write?


Maybe? Yes.


Okay. I'm gonna Lightning Bolt the bad guy.


Roll. I rolled a 15 to attack. Second attack. These are two attacks, right?


Who are that?


DC?


Easy peasy lemon squeezy. Pass Without a Trace.


Can we put it in the Bag of Holding?


Hold on to that one.


Clarota can float.


I'm keeping my distance.


Like shoulder to shoulder, like this.


(snorts awake before returning to snoring)


If we get a ship, then when it's all over, we have a way out.


So again, a 24. Oh wait, 22.


No. I'm so high right now, but I know that that is not a good-- what is it?


Yeah, he does! I don't know which one to roll here. They've all been betraying me. 17.


And we saw the duergar get pulled under by skeletal arms?


What? (screams) No!


(bear noises)


Am I still prone?


You can customize that.


You're right. You're going to feel a little weird in a few minutes. I apologize for that. It's a thing. Let's clear this water and let's take a breather. Let's sit down.


We're okay. We have Pike.


Acrobatics!


Inside the tree is the bow. I think if we remove the bow, I think if we find the bow inside the tree, I think that's how--


Oh, reckless! Reckless.


What was it before that?


I'm unconscious, but I'm breathing.


Why don't we land on the roof and we all lay flat, except for the people that are going in, and you cast Invisibility.


Fist fight.


It saved us a bunch of points of damage, though.


No Holds Bard. That's the name of your album.


I'm against the Feast. I think we should just run in.


I look. For any sort of message from the Raven Queen on his armor.


Now now, Vax, what are you talking about? We all knew what we were doing when we-- pay attention to me! I'm trying to be serious here. Don't you turn your eyes away from me. Look at me when I'm talking to you. We all knew what we were doing when we went into the house. It was an assassination mission. I don't understand why everyone's harping on how dark it got. We knew we were there to kill everyone in the whole place.


Yeah, I'm on the level.


So I'm going to take another shot. I'm burning some grit for advantage, and I'm taking a sharpshooter shot. Shot number one. Natural 20! That'll hit. And let's double that up. Where's my d10? Where's my d6? That'll do. That's nice. That's (counting) 31 points of damage plus three points of psychic damage, so that's 34, plus he's going to have a bleed next round.


All right. Dwarven in the middle. Checking for traps.


Yeah. I think I get all the sneak attack?


Yeah, remember, with the three cards?


Can I figure out what kind, was it some bird creature? Is all Percy could--


They're sad, or they're angry also?


What is that all about? (whispering) They were playing marbles.


I put a couple arrows in the holy oil that we have.


Daggers out! Daggers out!


Yeah, we already packed our rooms up.


We're looking for a cloak. We're looking for a merchant with one eye.


Ooh, that's the intelligent dice.


One eye open.


Thank you, sorry.


It's about to drop.


So it's dropping now?


Man! Decision-making is hard.


I think it's probably wafted out by now.


It could be cursed.


Can you officiate? Are you going to join or are you in too much of a funk to?


Can I see Vax?


Nott told me to do this.


Okay. So wait, we're checking all the rooms that are probably okay?


(sings) We built Dis city on rock--


Could I inquire to Lady Briarwood?


Where is home?


I'm not interested in the fucking books.


I could get an idea of the tunnel system for a three-mile radius.


How long do you need to make your face all lepered up?


Is that a save?


Do I have a reaction? Can I hit it?


How come we didn't ever see those before; is that a new wood?


So can me and Keyleth go try to find the entrance up top so we can do something to that one? Matt: Sure, okay.


Okay, what is it?


It's who he wrote to.


Why don't you make some tea and shut the fuck up for a second?


The entire family. All of them?


Nope. I'm great.


No, Scanlan!


What are you going to ask them?


What she said.


You sneaky bastard!


Are we calling everyone over for this conversation?


Oh yeah, but can you be the erinyes and locate-- thing at the same time?


Well, if everything goes wrong we meet back here at the very least.


Don't quote fairytales anymore.


Ignore the blood all over her body.


Isn't this is detrimental to your health?!


All right, 18.


I think he was being genuine.


We could fall off this dragon's back real fast.


Oh, and I'll use Fury of the Small to make it 30!


Whoa, that was high. 23.


A closeup. Scenic.


Ooh, that's a good idea, yeah! Maybe when they question us--


Yes. Fuckers.


We did scoop up those chains, right? We put those in the wagon?


Yeah, girl.


You feel okay now?


Heroes' Feast? I don't know if we have--


I prefer the skeleton, actually.


Did you roll the same thing?


Or we can take it now and kill him later.


That was a Coleman, alright? (group laughs) That was a very expensive sleeping bag.


No, my hometown is further to the south, it's the opposite direction.


Bob Barker is not here tonight.


They played sports when they were younger. They're really dextrous.


Okay. 24?


Well, it's been good seeing you. No one hit quite as hard as you did.


No one help her.


The people I learned from were super into this shit.


Strong.


Is it just the remainder of the herd?


Is he pressed against the roof of this chamber?


They didn't sign up for that shit!


Please be safe.


Who's got the mote this morning? Who moted? Who dodeca-ed?


Well, I was hoping that maybe the cat would get uncomfortable in either a bird or an octopus form and do a little reconnaissance.


Look, Grog! And I cast Prestidigitation and I make fart noises. (fart noises)


No, I don't walk by. I just-- I'm amazed that no one remembers that we can hear everything over these earpieces.


I guess. Well, I am dead. No, I am dead.


I think I get Revivify now.


Thanks. It's always full.


Sondur. Is this you leading us straight to you?


I'm going to drop the gun.


I'll workshop that one.


He's alive. That's what really matters.


Great, cool, tight, awesome! 20.


What makes you say that?


-- some chocolate chips and a smiley face.


Through his ankles.


I have a minus one, it's a 13. She's pretty oblivious.


I think that you and I are going to go to Greyspine?


So, Percy. We know a lot of things and people move through the Nine Hells. What does it say about rakshasas in there? Where do they fall in the caste?


I'm just going to throw my vote in the ring here, that I think we should take the time for the Feast. You know, we're not killing piles of rats in the sewers, here. This is serious.


(quietly) Oh, but I don't want to go back. (laughter)


That's fucking badass! 37.


(singing and whistling) Something's out there.


Mm-hmm. I think that I will stay behind on the boat but I think you should go. If you see any incense, I would appreciate it if you picked some up.


For anyone who's watching, this is like, abduction, how to not-- 101, self-defense.


I would just like to say that as we're resting there, I'm closing my eyes and keeping a hand down close to Nott with my rings on my fingers.


Magical Mystery Band.


Grog, carry some beds around.


There's lima beans.


Make it 50 feet at the most.


Where'd the squid come from?


I wouldn't trade.


Oh, I haven’t been adding for the bracers. Add 4 extra to what I told you.


And this is artwork by Wendy.


He meant metaphorical. He meant death.


You just shot at it, you didn't do anything?


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed, so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. (mutters) I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


Oh, look at that Keyleth one!


No, I'm going to cast--


You can do a limerick. It'll be exciting.


Oh, done.


Scootching in, yeah.


Hmm. You might want to tell the guard I'm walking on the yard. Let them know I'm going. And I go off towards the house.


And stop expecting people to earn things. You just have to sometimes go with it.


I'll take a keg.


I honestly think we need to feed you something that isn't chocolate.


How about I watch any of the people, the humanoids, or anything like that, that are together-- Can I see them talking, does it look like any of them are speaking Common, if I'm trying to read their lips--


I'm going to unload into its body. I know I'm at a disadvantage because I'm that close, but I'm just going to unload into its body.


Three hours ago, back when we were still together, I pulled Scanlan aside. Listen, I want to talk to you. I have an idea.


Oh, Z. Oh, Z.


I'm just a traveling halfling!


No! Have you ever seen this before?


It's for prayer. We have to pray. Remember, right, Grog?


A barbarian never kisses and tells.


We could go by there.


Percy can stay, right?


I don't even know it's Trinket, do I?


It's like a halo. Like your god has smiled on me, maybe, and said, "He's cool. Go for it."


That's okay. Yeah, I've got longer-range shit, but it's not as bad news.


You're good on health, yeah?


Charred?


A bib remains.


I want this Hellish Rebuke to be me levitating in the air and using my dark dragon staff to blast it from here down, just eviscerating everything from the bowels down with hellish fire.


Wait, he said Marquet, though.


Difficult terrain does not slow my group's travel when this is my favored terrain.


We made it out, right?


"He's one of you?" That's so generalizing and demeaning.


What if we did like a--


No, Kima is saying this is the main event.


You hit Randomize Your Character.


Grog, what about this? You are really strong and really good at killing things and my left-- left? Yeah. Nut still has a dent in it. You are really fucking strong.


And hey, DM, knowing the Empire, how direct a route is it from Fabron Keyess area, Berleben to Shadycreek Run?


Really? Yeah?


Excellent.


I'm sure he does. Was he married to your mother?


So far, only Cinnabons here has been able to see through my shit.


Illithid syphilis.


100 gold. You've had it for so long.


You stealthed that hard.


Oh. Ooh! That's good.


I'm so sorry, you're so right!


I just hate it.


Yasha, do you have any kind of communication with your--


I go over and I throw my arms around him and hug him. I'm so sorry. It wasn't you, it's not your fault. It wasn't you, you were made to do it. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. I know you don't realize that now, but you will. This pain that you have, that you wear all over you like a mask, it's just that, and you can take it off someday. I know it hurts, but it wasn't your fault. I'm going to keep telling you that until you believe me.


Advantage.


Maculkins. I think we can just call them Maculkins now.


Ah. Ooh. Three gold!


Technically, you're in the back of the cart.


It's a like a splash grenade.


Doors of Whitestone.


Badass.


Still holding a gnome!


Do we see faces on either side?


You might get something even bigger.


Seven, because I have my strength modifier-- no, eight, just because I have no strength modifier.


Not sneak attack. I only get that once.


Like a droplet, right, I stick my tongue out, and I touch it to my tongue.


Is that it?


Or I have black iron plate that while wearing this heavy plate armor the bearer gains resistance to any fire damage.


I think we go perform the hit, and then we leave Tary, I mean Barry, to get arrested. Right?


Nothing's in visual sight?


Go invisible and check it out.


I got it, I got it, I got it! (laughter)


I'm going to start walking towards the other one, the king's thing.


Laura and Travis went home, they have a-- Yeah, Dateline was on?


(singing) If we don't act soon Vecna might just wreck ya. (speaking) I got it in there for you.


Lay it on me.


We need some fire.


This is my body, leave me alone.


It was 16. The first one.


Just out of curiosity, you can't fly or anything, can you?


I can't move myself, though, I couldn't just, I would be the Dread Pirate Roberts.


I grab Fjord and I say, just wait. Wait. Let them go.


Well, those are fancy clothes.


Her eyes are like the sea.


What is it? Say it!


I want to scout out the Hearth of the Allhammer, the Raven's Den in the graveyard, and the Platinum House, and see if there's a lot of guards, or if there's any of those that don't have a lot of guards.


You make weapons?


That was a three hour fight.


That's a better wish for you, for sure. And we have two of them.


We're gonna keep going this way.


He's looking pretty hurt? I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do Blight again.


You have a sister?


What about the little penny? The dime?


You guys are doing a great job, you're great, you look great, you're doing great, you're great, thank you.


(panting) I. Would like. To rage. I'd like to stand up, please. (laughter)


I want to go over top of them.


But Matthew, are they fuckable, though? Those guards? Would you do them?


They hold dice, they are magnetic, so they stay closed, they hold your dice so well-- oh--


Can I see any of this happening?


25 points of healing.


Yeah, we just hold hands and think about it really hard.


There is a fucking broom behind you.


Let's go down.


I don't eat meat.


Yeah, just to the front.


Oh jeez, Uriel.


Wait, are we doing his bait or are we doing a real bait?


We'll try to keep it quick.


Same, same.


60!


(high pitched) Yeah, sure.


I mean a stormcloud above him?


Do I get to chop down a tree, finally? (laughter)


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.


What is your sword doing?


Little ridge that he's not used to.


To the town, or to the castle?


Way to paint a tableau.


Yeah, you're next.


Well, did we decide what we're doing?


I run down to with Grog.


Yeah, Emon is the place to go to.


Oh shit. We're all going to go deaf.


That seems like the quickest.


Well, not this guy, they're still walking.


Yay! I like the way you talk, Vanessa.


That is an excellent idea.


I'm going to give some of the herbs to Keyleth to examine. It's like on a charcoal?


Oh! I'll take on this bear! (laughter)


Disguise Self as Halas.


You wanted me to try and get us--


Her internet just died.


What are we supposed to ask about?


De-cleat this motherfucker.


I'm going to roll out of his hands forward to my friends.


Aww. I thought something cool was going to happen.


Wait! I think I cast Resistance. I cast it on Keyleth, I cast it on--


I'm a fucking idiot. I don't know anything.


No, they're on another floor or in another room.


That sounds fun.


In a part of myself, I'm a little mad because-- I don't know. Everything that tortle was telling us about Marius and how he hangs out at the docks and waits until midnight and I'm like, (scoffs) "What a random, fun guy, just hanging out by the docks at mid--" I don't know, everything about that should have connected in my brain that--


With advantage it misses me?


Allies. Vasselheim has warriors, armories.


Use it in the moonlight. I think you'll be surprised.


He's not wrong.


I'm Batman.


Should we go look for the toad?


Oh, yes. I'm going to spend my bonus action to do a quick heal.


Okay. He said I'm supposed to meditate on the tree? Or on Pelor? I'm going to try thinking about the tree first. A lot. I'm thinking about the leaves swaying and I think about finding a quarry and, you know, hunting things. Then I'm going to start thinking about what it feels like to walk through the woods barefoot and hear the leaves crunching underneath my feet and hear twigs breaking as I hunt creatures and track them.


Well, no it's not. It's that I have to fire at disadvantage.


Hey look, it could be the path leading us to more dead people, yeah?


We just got here.


Shit. We sneak out. We sneak out and shoot them from behind.


-- it is a surface graveyard.


Did he just visit all the time, or is he well known in Nicodranas for business, or shady dealings?


Are we going to be sleeping on the same pillows at night?


Yeah. It can grab us.


That's not what I mean. If we catch up to them, my cat can follow and I can watch.


Sounds a bit like bringing the city to us.


And exactly six rings for you.


Scanlan's already ahead of you.


I'm going to try to-- yeah.


All worth it now!


I'm going to--


Ooh. The second one is a 12.


Well, if she’s issued any sort of royal, official things, yeah, there should be some sort of record.


What happens to the circus, because, you know, you can't do the same show for the same people for a year?


Two floors below we're putting a skull-- (laughter)


Yeah, you get a Player's Handbook. That's lucky.


The Council knows about the stone.


We scooch to the corner.


Oh! I'm going to gingerly--


It looks like you got bloody raw meat on your lower--


There's a secret entrance to the castle to the west, in the woods. I think perhaps if we made our way there, we could--


I do not like this man.


Where on the map is the queen right now?


No, I don't think those were my words at all. No.


We don't try to swindle people who are innocent. We started off by taking down-- well, not taking down, but ripping off a few guys who were corrupt officials in the city, and built from there. It's not a big operation, if I can be honest with you. It's just me and Kaylie and a few other people.


I was going to say, it was from the flames.


Because let's be honest, that guy would fuck a turducken in front of him.


You're going full Solid Snake here?


Hey, this one's smiling!


Are you saying it's not blocked, it's just some rubble and you can step over it?


I hate investigation checks.


Just the ones following Simon!


If we can find a stone for cover, maybe.


For 30 minutes.


Oh, I agree. I cast Alter Self on myself and turn myself into an elf. You're half-elf right?


Okay, okay. it looked like there were two orcs and they were carrying a body.


I get the distinct impression we're going to have options before this day is over.


All right. This worked. Scanlan, let's go to sleep.


Can Trinket go in a smaller group? He'll fit on the carpet if there's a smaller group?


No one's home! We're out of candy, no trick-or-treating.


I pull back my belt a little bit and show him the rest of the script written out on the back of my belt from the Cobalt Reserve.


hashtag I'm A Pirate.


We just sit and enjoy this magical moment of seeing the rare owlbear in person.


I'm a bit of a tinkerer. I can show you a few things if we have a quiet moment, not in public.


I had a bonus action, so I just used it.


Hello, salute, running away.


Yeah, the first one was a 23.


I like that the blast didn't knock him down. He was just so scared to death. He went, "Ah!"


I like it. It feels like I am looking at the paper.


You know what? I'm going to start making a beeline straight for Keyleth. Fuck it. I'm going to see if I can get some cover behind--


Warmcustard  "I was totally gripped tonight."


I'm at 94 hit points, I'm down about 50 or so hit points.


It's my background now.


I don't know if Richters have fans.


C'mon, note-taker.


Oh, that's a good boy. I give out a little howl.


Give the invulnerability to Laura.


Can we put him to sleep, or anything short of me knocking him out?


(as Matt) So that sucks, but--


Then you get plus two from me.


I wish I still had the video of you that you sent me after you first started, yeah. When he first started playing Gollum, he sent me this video of him running around his living room, jumping up on his couch, then running over and jumping up your entertainment system or something.


It jumped off that way.


I don't really ask. I only mean to say that Vox Machina is at your disposal, if you would ever need someone outside of the amazing Braving Grounds, Vasselheim. We're really amazing.


No, by each other.


Do I hear any movement in the house?


First, thank you. Second, they may have just taken the ones that were furthest away from the light. They just picked them off, maybe? You walk away from camp, that's what happens. I mean, it's not the biggest or strongest. It's the--


That comic is--


The big one?


Sarenrae does 50 points of damage, and I do six.


She wonders if the giant spider heard it.


Ravioli!


Hello? What's going--


So outside of the city I'm going to start digging underground and I'm going to start digging a trench.


Oh, and I'm going to move around the corner so that he can't fucking shoot arrows at me.


Let's run away.


Yeenogru?


That's a good one. That's just Jester's strength. That's a 22.


Well, look, it's not a bad call, the dragons seem to be interested in the power that they hold over the people. There's no people, no power.


It was when Toya started singing.


Well, I don't want to kill him.


Fist of the North Star!


The door beat me!


That's Anthony Kiedis.


Great, cool.


Your guardians are well aware of our power and position and did not want to offend you by turning us away.


All right. Simple tattered white robes. (laughter)


What? No! You got this, Nott! I'm going to cast Bless.


Nah. I don't think so. I'm not a super fan of the sewer during the day. I figure I'll like it even less at night.


(loud maniacal laughter)


Ey, represent!


I'm getting the idea that maybe Hotis serves Dispater? Dis--?


That’s pretty good, though.


What's the hand?


You don't want to bring him up? Okay.


No, he did not.


(muffled agreement)


Just cut the bridge


From the stands, I turn to a portly gentleman next to me and I say, sir, do you see what that fucking little elf said about your mother? He called her a name I can't even repeat. I'm so sorry.


Remember the porn. It was a very awkward reading.


I just love the alacrity that Travis goes to two, three. It's so good.


Well one and then-- Oh, I run back to The Gentleman. Should we come back here after the first part or should we continue on and take care of them both and then come tell you?


Oh, for the wisdom save?


We said we were gonna do Firecracker Alley. See the Musketeers. Can we do that? I really want to do that.


You did kill one of them too, though.


Damn it, attack attack!


(mocking) I don't want to, I don't want to move!


I'm a little rough.


Aware of it, but just trying to only dip a couple toes in.


I don't want you dying again. Take the superior.


Dude, you're good, you're good, you're good. Water is your friend, you're good.


I'm holding my hands up like this in case anything reaches for me. And my axe in my hand, too.


Polymorph is. But I don't actually know if that's what he used.


Well, it's two groups, and you move less right now.


Son of a bitch! All right. Never mind, then I'm just going to roll regular damage. That's one plus six is seven.


She's got a custom die, and it's awesome.


Yeah, where is our five-thou? Did it get delivered?


We're going to have two or three members of the cast on every single week. Mostly from this cast. We're also going to have celebrity guests-- previous guests from Critical Role. We're going to let them back out. We're going to let 'em back out. And we're also going to have some super fans that are going to be able to be on the show. We're going to get all dirty and nerdy. We're going to talk about the previous week's episode. We're going to give away prizes every single week. We're also going to have the near-impossible task of picking out your fanart and gifs-- I said "gifs" because "jif" sounds so mushy. It's "gif", right? Yeah, yeah.


Not like it hasn't happened before.


(heavy breathing) I'm swimming to that guy. I'm going to Step of the Wind. Can I make it?


Shit, that's hard.


Do you have water, Cerkonos?


Aw, I thought it had armor on it!


Oh sweet, and they froze there.


Thank you. We follow for a couple of blocks, behind them for a bit.


Damn. Sprigg, stand over there!


Why an eye is missing?


Nothing has worked on this motherfucker. Nothing!


Vaxleth is over. It's so over!


Because we still have these fuckers we have to--


Sailors' knot.


I think they will. He's quite charming. I think everyone will come around.


Yes we knew this already.


Chunk.


I don't know a lot of big words, but I feel like I need a little bit of clarification.


Hey, thanks, man.


Batman!


We'd be in the air, and not all of us are so awesome in the air.


Oh, whispers! Whispers and whispers.


I don't want it at all.


I'm going to start crawling around the-- I have a little thingy. Someone took the thingy. Oh, laser pointer. Thank you.


What do you have, Ashley?


We are here to protect those boundaries that we set several thousand years ago. Do you think that some of this knowledge might still be within my people?


-- scan, alignment check or something?


Now we're thick as thieves.


Did it have an exact location or anything?


I like it. Yep.


Are you unconscious, too?


That's what I fucking did.


I'm literally shaking.


He died!


I had a funny feeling it would.


Cool. Cool. Respect.


(sigh) Sacred Flame.


You know, you're not going to find any answers in any of those books.


Are you looking for traps or anything, or just looking?


Yeah, I mean, he's shifty as fuck, but it's no skin off my back, right?


Dragons are vain.


Uh-huh. What was your favorite part about Zadash? Xhorhas?


The armor shrinks down to like toddler-size--


There's a rowdy bunch over here, been drinking too much already, anticipating the festival. Would you come with me?


Do you see any movement? I ask Caleb.


Ooh. 16.


Is there any meat left on those bones?


Natural?


And his first mate.


They were actually vultures. (laughter)


Okay. Oh okay. I get out. I stand up and slowly dredge out of the water.


So what was your total damage?


Oh wait, wait, that's the line de scrimmage, right? That's where they--


You want me to move the carpet?


If you see me topless, please don't take a photo.


Staring at the slime on the ground.


That is a lot of man.


Hate-fish. They have great sushi there.


Athletics check? For everybody, right?


You are blind for a minute. I'm going to take the rest of my movement and hop into the fucking orb.


You are wrong!


You know what?


Did he move the treasure?


Yes. I don't want this book in anyone's hands, frankly.


Yep. And I think that's the major improvements to Doty, other than the speaking and the other stuff. Let's see, what else did I do?


How are you, Caleb?


Mage Hand.


I don't think we should go any more meta than it has to be.


Is she talking in normal, or is she talking in the (flickering flames).


But we need to know the magic word.


No, I'm not. Just holding onto--


And they're wanting an extract, so--


I would like to make a deposit.


Doesn't he have at least half-cover from the roof?


Can I move to a place where I get it?


Gesturing to the desk and all the burned papers: What's all this, then? What was this that we can't read anymore?


Player-killer, not great.


I saw Fjord dart that way, and I heard screams coming from that way--


Get on it!


Fly up to the top of the tower?


I mean, you suck out bad--


Could I have my loaner back, please?


Let's go to the forest. Let's go to the Bramblewood forest.


Like the horn of Sauron?


Who is represented by a book?


Beyond the rock slide?


Don't know if he's blind.


I did. I do that most weeks.


It's your turn now!


I think we should wait until they start to set up camp. They've got to stop at some point.


I'd like to Channel Divinity and Control Undead.


What I can do, is--


I'm like eight inches tall, if that's true! He's so small!


It's just jerky you've sewn into you.


Oh, fuckstick, we are coming.


It's a d8 plus the thunder damage. This is the first time I've used it, I'm real excited. (counting)


Whenever I'm back.


With your webbed fingers.


Oh! No, yeah, let me clarify. (stammering) I need--


How about we stay here until 4 00, 5 00 in the morning--


Oh yes. How many dragons now?


That's all I needed, I feel better.


Does she get a reaction or anything?


Anything arcane before it dips out?


(whispers) Fish dicks.


Fjord, 100% it is very interesting and I have checked the box in the back of my brain. I do want to understand what that place is--


Shark power is far less conspicuous.


Cancer of the cream.


I got one hit point left.


Of course, sorry. Acid. Wood. There are two islands out there, a bigger one-- they're not close-- and a smaller one. One is bald-ish, a couple of trees, but I couldn't see too well on either of them. The bigger one is dense with trees. I didn't see them.


We could use this to our advantage and get the fuck away, so I don't feel like I just wasted a 6th-level spell. Just want to say.


That's a little harsh.


Worth it.


I'm going to, without doing any dash or anything, because I can't, I'm going to move as far as I can just going kitty-corner. Behind Scanlan, walking along the wall.


A whole bunch of new shit.


Dawn.


I mean, I was told to come apologize and find them.


As soon as it comes around me, I'm going to use the staff with the light as it comes and crack it down over top of his head.


Here! I put her hand on my horn so she can tell it's there.


The things it makes are not--


Conjure Woodland Beings, it says right here--


Can I grab someone nearby that looks like they're up and about and actually accomplishing things?


Remarkable Nicholas Cage impersonator, too, it's really amazing.


I think it might be foul play, actually.


He's literally still holding it in his hand in front of your face, you just--


With a goat?


(stammers) Just look outside.


Max Headroom, coming at you from the mid-80s! W-w-what?


You did both of those?


Like Kenneth Branagh in Harry Potter.


What the fuck is Lady Briarwood?


Can I try, subtly, to pass off my ring of AC to Grog?


I'm not there anymore.


If I can squish even one square further away from it, I would.


This is a mystery.


They were targeting-- I don't know!


And you didn't get to do any of it!


You're not fast, you're not a fast person!


The hand does really bad things. You know what you should do is bring that to Bahamut.


Does that help? Does that help?


Nope.


Hear, hear.


Could somebody also use Telekinesis to pull it to fall the other way?


There weren't tents?


Seventeen.


Just let it go.


25 feet, right?


All of us except for Percy, I think.


That's 11 points of damage!


Just give it a try.


I'm closer to you now than I've ever been before.


When the cameraman laughs.


On the ground.


Did we all hear it?


That's not even chicken, that's just a piece of wood. (laughter)


Yes, what do the ducks of Whitestone say?


Yeah, bacon. Did you not know that's what the word was?


Yeah. In their language it's pronounced huh-gluf.


I thought we took the book, that was our whole fucking plan--


Yeah, they would assume we drowned.


Is that all it does, just poison him?


You said they were ripping open the portal? Where is that on the map?


You look a little rough. You all right?


So when we tell you which direction we want to go, Matt, it's from your perspective.


That's 11 points of damage and four psychic.


Yes. We should go to see this Ophelia. It will be a good outcome.


All right. I can't.


Let the twins have them, because they're the ones who will get separated.


Ooh, not good, but it's dexterity, so six?


Safe travels, Stormwind.


Why didn't we switch to metric?


Well, I searched terribly.


It was still funny when it was just implied. You can paint it across the wall.


Find that navigator. Did we find the rest?


Indeed, I wouldn't dare. After all, you do have a little way of keeping track of where we are and what we do.


Wow. Do we still have our Death Ward on?


24, plus two damage to all spells cast, so 26?


What? What does that mean?


He's got our gold!


I swim through the loop.


I mean, I can do a lot of things, I can make a thunderstorm, I can make a sleet storm.


My friends are strong.


Maybe not all of them.


(sighs) I don't know, because maybe some of it may not all be theirs.


We wear your mark on our heads to show respect. Please show us your power and grant us your blessings.


The Trickfoot clan.


(French accent) So you are not interested in the naga, the goristro, the other celestial beings? The orcs?


We can save a little if I shared a horse with you.


Hold off a day. She's going to be so pissed.


Grog, Grog! Don't run too far ahead-- He's gone.


Twiggy is doing spins, whirling dervish in the background.


And I throw that, right in the back of Queeny's head.


Nope, I don't see anything.


You did, you tried.


Just a scooch.


It's a lovely language.


I can look around. Thieves' Cant is a written or spoken thing?


Okay, stealth. 26. [cheering]


Wonderful. I was concerned about Lockheed.


I could read it to you. If that's what you're asking.


You could make a sneeze arrow, in theory.


You're speaking words that he doesn't--


We've got to figure out the code word.


We have seven. We could go through.


Just think about it. Think about being a person again.


I'm going to grab the ink, too.


Can you feel it? Can you feel that?


Oh wait, I didn't do my sneak attack damage! (cackling)


I'm gonna cast Cure Wounds on myself before anything else happens. As high of a level as I can, which is level three.


Okay. Cool, cool, cool.


Stinger hits.


Right, that magic shit. He’s going to try it one more time. That bounced. Okay, that’s better. 13 plus seven.


You know, I don't like him, I don't even want to buy it from him.


No, that would be-- I'm a very intelligent person. That would be foolish. I don't talk to thin air. Also, some people say that they have nine lives, which is funny, because we--


I mean I can cast Spare the Dying, but he's already not--


That's not great. 11.


So what am I rolling?


Maybe underground stuff.


What? Do you need to get to the thing? To pick the lock?


So it kills that too?


Astral projection Pike. (laughs)


I thought that's what we just did with that other guy.


Percy, will you give him a reminder not to move?


Listen. I know it seems really dire, right? But the only other option besides attacking it, in my mind, is trying to get its attention. Maybe lead it away from Vasselheim.


It's silly. It's so silly to do this.


Later. It'll be a celebratory-- we could candy them.


Total, (counting) that's 34.


They weren't that far off. But to be fair, this is what a plan is, is everything going wrong. So I'm all right with doing this, if we're doing this.


How do we know that she is against us? This was Vecna. She may still be with us.


"Hold, please." Perception check the coffin. That's a 20.


It's like some David Copperfield.


Yeah, thank you. I would like to Great Weapon Master try to hit him with the Dwarven Thrower.


Out of sight of Zed! Just so you know.


Yeah, they're still sitting here today. It's fine.


Thank you, Scanlan. This isn't my homeland. I appreciate how well you know me after all these years.


Are you with us?


I wonder how much of the Tri-Spires is like this?


Thanks, Yonn.


Pitbull! Pitbull!


Hm. I do not like you.


That's not fucking bad.


The Master from Doctor Who.


I know how to do this. I take a bag of gold--


I thought we weren't either, I thought it was just the girls but then everyone started talking.


300 feet?


Many don't.


Figure we all go unconscious so often--


Besides I wanna see him get in a fight, let's audition him at least.


Move two on that.


Yeah, we don't get necrotic for the next turn.


No! I invoke the third contract.


Oh, shit! Burn it down! Burn the stockades down!


I put my arm around Vex and try and console her.


Can I have an advantage? Oh, I rolled a 15. Plus being a tiger?


That's one action, isn't it?


I just did a drug deal, guys!


While you don't recognize them as letters, they're like little characters that you're familiar with: the burly guy, and then the cross guy, he's holding swords.


He likes him drunk, so maybe like, half.


He just hit snooze, you guys.


Caleb and I have a date to talk about his special package.


Keyleth, I saw you pile-drive a beholder. Pretty sure you're going to be all right.


You're the man to call.


But they're probably in inoperable pieces.


So, Tor Books, thanks so much.


No. I wanted to arcane it.


It can do that?!


Right. Which is what he's saying.


All right, do it. Do the short rest. Just do it.


Just wants to fuck him up, Swiss cheese style. And his whole family.


Shandal.


What's my alignment? I'm good. I'm Keyleth. I'm neutral good.


(robotically) The walk sign is on.


Okay, I'm going to do something creative. I'm going to take the arrow that Nott just fired into the guy's chest. I'm going to grab it. Can I rip it out with my off-hand, spin around, and stab him back in the blade?


Sandalwood. It's nag champa all over.


Let's get a drink. You wanna go in town?


Do the sewers lead out of the city?


Let's go upstairs.


Shuffling, you said? And if I listen for a moment, do I-- does it continue?


I have a Cloak of the Bat. And I can use mine to investigate left or right, whichever side you'd like, and I can do a quick investigation and come back and see.


Why do I get disadvantage?


Also, yeah.


Well, it's still there, it's just been filled in.


Worra.


Yeah, I got it.


You're very entertaining and I would be sad to see you go.


No, I had to Fire Bolt so it wouldn't matter how long I held it. My lower is a 12.


Is he still on the bed?


Did he give you a goal? You know, before we put him into different pieces, he was, like, trying to build up this god called Vecna. You don't know anything about a god called Vecna, do you?


Oh. I didn't know you wrote it down, Grog.


Maybe the curse? JB had mentioned that the shades infest someone and hollow them out. I don't know what that translates to.


Anybody got a camera so we can put this in the scrapbook later?


Does that mean I get to take an attack on her?


If you do the thing, we'll keep going through it.


Yes please! Thank you.


There's a stony-faced, harbinger of death-type lady.


Aw what?! Don't look at-- I'm turning green!


I'll take a big breath, blow it all the way out. (inhales deeply) Go back under, push back.


We have a lot of people in the room.


That’s pretty dead.


This is six rounds of, "Well, that's okay."


Are we doing 25 to 20 still?


All right. I'm going to, while I'm saying all these things I'm going to be running around the corner back towards the spiderweb. Make another one.


Your voice is very low, Beau!


Yeah, some Jethro Tull up in here.


I'll join you on the broom.


Should we mention that we had to reprint some character sheets, or are we not mentioning that? I've now said it online.


It's foul. It should not be allowed to exist.


We're literally looking at them right now, and I Detected Magic before we opened the boxes.


That's 1,500 each.


Fuck yeah.


It's Ornna!


Bitchface Briarwood!


Was there a total?


It greases you up.


18 points of damage, with four necrotic. 18 points of damage.


Oh, that's right, you did do that.


Can I tip it upside down?


All right, let's do this.


She speaks Arrival language now.


We could do a Locate Object.


I hate to be the detail-oriented one about this whole thing, but should somebody be counting as soon as she starts so we put down an arm at six?


You should get that looked at some point. Three more, three more.


Could I have scooched up a bit?


Sorry. Burning hair is not a good smell.


Oh, I'm so sorry. Taryon lost his best friend.


You think she's gonna cash in on that bargain?


I hope I can hold on! There's nothing to grab onto, is there?


Do you want to go with me as I jump across, or should I throw you?


I'll try and speak to one of the Sun Trees that looks the most friendly.


Look at this motherfucker right here!


I nudge Vax and I point it out.


There's not many that you can conjure. It's pixies and little things.


It's a tragedy candle.


She's not going anywhere! What are you, crazy, Caleb? She's fine! Come on!


Sure, as a souvenir, right. Yes.


Oh, wow. 23.


We have about 20,000, all right?


-- which is a challenge rating of two.


One is piercing, and one is slashing, right? So I'll do my bite. (growls)


Yeah, but what happens if they get sacrificed?


And we'll figure out ways to make sure there's money in it for them, or at least dragon parts.


God darn it. Okay, wait.


That's reckless!


No! Like this.


Is he falling?


24 hours?


Percy, I am so sorry. I know how badly you wanted to go there. But here's the good news. Now that I've been there, we can go back at any time.


Follow.


He basically saw it.


It should provide us with some cover from the snow as well.


What? What happened?


Not yet. After the meeting.


Yes, we know that about you.


Well, they know we're coming. This isn't going to be a surprise attack, I'm assuming.


Quinn-wah?


For three full attacks.


Who? Reynal?


I did, I did, I checked!


Huddle. Is 50,000 dollars worth dealing with this annoying piece of shit?


Lionel, this is really awesome. For real, you're going to like this.


Should we bring Wilhand back here?


Can I do a Mass Cure on them?


Okay, one squeak  yes. Two squeaks  no. Three squeaks--


We're trying to close this giant rift that we're walking into.


And my boots of haste don't do shit to a broom.


But it's a wooden cart? Is it a wooden cart?


That's going to attract some attention.


Let's go Krogering! The best of everything!


Let's set sail!


Oh, that’s easy.


Oh no! He's stoned!


All right, I'm going to take a couple of shots at it with my Sharpshooter, so let's start with 24 to hit?


We have some fancy cloaks, too, don't we?


No, I only raise it about 20 feet.


Holy shit. I even got that. (laughter)


Save yourself! Run away!


Do you want me to draw what I see?


So what's the boost? How high is it?


Any of them?


A baby comes out. Now this is your responsibility.


I'm not really sure on how this shit works. But I need another card to come out of that Deck.


The Greying Wildlands are in the north.


Wow! So interesting. So, have you been down there?


See, charm. Drink.


So I can't pick it?


Yeah, we're on the material plane.


It's just 100 gold.


--limited exclusive items and, like, top shelf. Your most elite, (clicks tongue) paying customers only?


I'll wait, obviously. Nothing's going to explode on my friends, so they catch up with me.


That's bad disadvantage. Fog of war.


Is it night?


What if one of us ride Trinket?


Is it a danger zone?


I'm going to try to leap at that just north of me to see if I can get over here, then. By that spiritual weapon. If I can leap there.


And a rakshasa.


Oh yeah, the kids.


I ruin it with a fart. (laughter)


And good in a tight spot.


He isn't?


Literally.


Just give me ten goddamn minutes. Identify the cart.


I have Frumpkin slither his way onto Nott's back and do a cozy hug from behind over the shoulder. Not on the head.


(singing) We've got to kill everybody. (laughter)


That's the most you thing I have seen happen all game.


(swishing sound effects)


Yeah, that's good to know. So. But no, I didn't know much about, you know, he didn't tell me much, I didn't ask a lot of questions. Nobody's ever asked me questions. You guys are great.


One of them, yes.


I'm going to take one of the swords and start using the flat of the blade to scrape the wheel and give it an edge to start removing the mud off of it and hop between wheels.


Ooh! That was a 30!


Keyleth, can't you turn us all to mist, and then we poof there?


Are you saying anything?


Which one is the--


You won't believe the trouble Gail gets into every Thursday night!


And I'm going to bring it down clean on the forehead because I would like to see what her brain looks like. (noises of disgust)


Does the Spiritual Weapon get a--


I leave in a little bit of a panic.


I'm just tucking around, getting ready.


We got some books.


I'm going to hit her again with an attempt to knock her down; I'm going to burn another grit for that. That is 32 to hit.


That was crass.


Two. Plus six is eight, did that do it?


I've got a theory.


(choked up) I could've. Totally could've.


I probably shouldn't spoil that, but it's pretty cool.


It's a game you play. You stand on pillars of rock, and you hurl balls at each other.


I mean, it's a magic door. Scanlan, can you just make the door a little bigger to fit him?


He's in the back of the ship. (all laugh)


I'd never call you bitch.


The hole in the wall. I have my Celestial Shield. I’m going to cast Featherfall on myself.


Wait, the bomb we just threw in that room?


It's literally glowing like a candle right now.


It will say "Phillip the Brave".


Pedestals, are there anything on them?


I'll do that. See how I fare.


What's the worst?


As we're walking them, Nott's going through the pockets.


I fucking hate this dead bitch. And I raise the sword and start swinging down in these huge arcs at her. The first two attacks at her.


Yes. I still have my staff.


Right. Yeah, that hits. That's a 32. I'm going to bamf there on this one, right up to her. That is four plus eight is 12, plus this guy makes it 19, plus these guys. Now we do some more math. 20, 26, 27, 31, 34, 39, 42. With Whisper, right into her back, and then click the Boots of Haste and then I'm going to scuttle to Tary and cut ropes. He's probably within ten feet, right?


Oh shit. What?!


What does the flag look like?


The glory of Grog in that issue.


Pike, do you want to tell him what she said?


I throw a wet feather. (laughter)


Oh wait, you already did your action.


Well, yeah. She'll look like she's not herself.


Yes, she's very religious and is interested in relics.


You mean subtraction. (laughter)


He's alive! You're awake!


All right, well, I would like to rage. I'm going to scream out, in a super intimidating voice.


Everything's good. She was like, "Oh my god, I love Critical Role," and I was like, "I know, right?". That's it, that's my whole announcement. (laughter)


I put the bucket of shit into Scanlan's hands.


We already pushed the nasty head out of our wagon.


You know. The docks.


Thank you, Beau.


Who are you talking to?


That's good. Wow. Deep.


What about the general's memory? Anything there?


Yes. This is more business rather than denied pleasure.


Your game is really suffering.


We've been throwing it, it's not here.


A hundred? Thank you.


Tell them the song about Vecna just might wreck ya. It's close; it doesn't work.


I'll use the 30 feet of Fjord's movement to go around the pillar, preserve this line of sight with the hydra. I'll unleash two Eldritch Blasts at it. That's an 18 to hit.


All right. Enjoy your tea and biscuits.


Kiki, I'm not giving up. I will never give up on you.


Is it this, is it this, or can we not see?


As we're walking over, I whisper to Fjord and I say: Avantika's going to want the paintbrush.


You hear thunder.


I feel like that went rather well.


What's his name? Who's this?


You made an incredibly excellent point. It is so easy to defraud the mail.


Your accent good. We enjoy.


I'm gonna grab Bad News and run up to the crow's nest and see if I can see anything.


I just turn to Fjord and go  Frumpkin listens to my commands!


Did anybody see what happened or where that hellish toad went?


Let's walk around them.


If you don't mind my asking because I do respect you so much, how did your captainship of our crew come about?


I've never been an ante before.


Yeah we're going to try to stealth in and sneak attack them.


It's like a balloon in the Macy's Day Parade.


Also, Taliesin and I are going to fistfight until one of us is dead or unconscious.


So there's a big army coming down, filtering down a street.


Yeah, we're going to let one leave. One's going to walk.


It's the same plan.


I don't think I need that much.


Getting weird.


You're so strong!


Isn't she wonderful?


This is why it's Christmas.


Just knock him out. Knowing what's coming, I'm going to Druidcraft some pretty kaleidoscope-y flowers in front of his face. Pretty image before you die.


Cut his wings off!


I'm going to take an aimed shot for my first shot, and then start firing blindly.


You could workshop it. There's always more names.


Fuck. I tell him-- Oh! Oh no, that's so sad! But I tell him to head back to the keep, I guess.


Kathrek. Kuthrek.


Season two. Season two art.


Does my Detect Magic-- which I think is just barely still up? I don't feel like this has been a ten-minute venture since that.


It should be parchment, shears.


Trap's perception, right? 26.


Did you just follow me? Were you following me just now?


Yeah, don't ream us for all the things we probably did wrong.


And the rest?


Are we going to bed, or are we what?


Tramp stamp.


Yeah, I mean, what are they gonna do now? Oh, hang on. Are we about to walk through a very crowded bar?


I don't think that's ever happened before. That's never happened.


Obviously.


(deep sigh) God damn it.


No, I love games!


God, why are we rolling so bad?


It's not even that. It's sometimes learning about your past can be equally as terrifying. I don't know what I'm going to find.


Because you know I'm good for... That normally works on everybody else.


Is that good or bad?


So what, our option is to keep moving forward, then?


Shall we go in?


And in the in between moments that I do have: Red Dead. Sorry Black Ops, but I got to get back in there and practice. (laughter)


Can we put Jester in the corner?


(whispers) It's like the serpent we fought, you guys!


So if we loot Tary's body, do we get all of his stuff?


Vorugal. 60 feet. I'm sharpshooter; he's 60 feet away from me.


Full shoulder in the gut, wrapping my arms around his legs, picking him up and throwing him on the ground.


Can we understand any of these glyphs? Is there anything that--


Not while I'm concentrating on Mr. Mistoffelees! (laughter)


And then 23.


It might be it. Yeah, it's an action, never mind. Vicious Mockery.


I'm not alive!


(laughter) I would agree.


Under the tree.


I crawl over to my sister and shake her and say: wake up!


You're holding the fragile one.


Fuck them, that's what I say.


Oh god. Move.


That's two to three, so that's five.


No! No, I'm not touching that. Nope.


No, we haven't rested.


You won't get sleepy.


Yeah. Is that what you want to do? Is that what's going on?


I'm looking forward to buying a dress either way.


No. Maybe we will, though.


Oh, I'm free to go?


I was about to say, I'm going to run to Toya and pick her up. I've got her. I've got her.


No. I'll stay where I am.


Wait. Turn Undead really just turns an undead around?


Are we tied up, too?


Honda keeps Tiffany busy.


We were spying on the dragon. Damnable beast.


Come on, Yasha! Come on, Yasha, plan ahead!


I want to be on you!


There's no way I can circle up onto the wall, is there?


Okay, so let's do two little slashes.


Two slam attacks, right?


We should go up.


It's hot out here, just so moist. This air, right? (laughter)


10,000 gold is a lot of money.


Actually, I'm with Beau now. I want to know your favorite one you've ever seen.


And I yell, "What’s a hotis?!"


Thorough investigation?


Oh, Vanessa!


Caleb, we heard you talking, though. Are you okay? Caleb?


Oh, really?!


This is the speed our personal text messages, or group text messages, go at.


Shakäste, my name is Fjord. We are, like I said, on a rescue mission. Are you familiar with these tunnels, at all? Have you been down here before?


