It's just your AC.


Let me see. (all laugh)


Yeah, you almost look innocent.


Top shelf at BevMo!


I need a tart.


Is his name still Frumpkin, it's just a bird now?


I can make a Fireball. (garbled) I can make a Fireball, but it will probably go out really quick.


Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus action to turn to Vex and: fight or flight? All right, you can answer next turn, yeah.


I'm saying, maybe, sometimes old wives' tales are true!


Two past noon.


It was crazy in there! People were farting everywhere! It was not me. They're building a throne room, there were some locked doors. Man, I wish you could have been there! It was exciting, but ultimately pointless. Let's go down to the mines!


Wait, before we do this. Keyleth, can you maybe make the gate outside not look like it's all bent to shit?


So that means you can do four points of damage. Technically, it's not one point, it's four points--


Can you, Keyleth?


I should have talked? No.


Change is hard.


Let's pull ourselves together.


Grog, you look so distinguished!


Half-human, I'd assume.


We're just trying to stay alive.


The name rings a bell.


She had an accident on the way over here. We were hoping maybe--


You cracked the case, my man.


Keyleth? Keyleth, dear? Shit.


You don't need them, though. You're the one person who doesn't need them.


So you can make walls.


(singing) Playing with your friends' D&D characters!


Do you often wake up vomiting salt water? Do you have wet dreams? [laughter and cheering]


It is! Gorgeous, proscenium arch theater for those of you that are theater nerds like us. We would love to see you there. It's going to be raucous and amazing. If you haven't made it to our GenCon liveshow or one of the ones we did in LA back in the day, don't miss it.


Also, one last thing.


Well... You've heard of those-- never mind. I'm just going to keep going.


Soot and dirt, yeah.


I have molasses.


How do we get him out?


I can't remember, I haven't done it in so long. And I'm feeling so useless. Yeah.


I'm glad we have a mansion to hide in.


I am looking right now. My strength is 24, so plus seven. (scoffs) Again. Why again with the threes?


Yeah. That makes sense.


Is there any kind of doorway around us?


With my Blazing Bowstring, and I want to make it a bramble shot.


Ah! Ow! (laughter)


Did you bring me that drink? Oh, sit down.


I write all of that, okay, fine.


Ooh, I better use Luck. Ooh, no, that's worse. (all laugh)


Also, if you don't like the Meat Man, I can make him go away.


Let's climb down.


Wow. Persuasion?


We'll take that.


Let's just go.


In this sense, as it stands.


It's going to be great.


I want you to get some sleep, but I want to talk for a minute.


Not too close to the wall because of the seaweed.


Throw a shuriken.


So that's 37?


We'll take it to Caleb!


I thought he was coming for me.


That's a fucking Keyleth palm at this point.


So my stealth was at a 41.


Struck her?


All right. I put my hood up.


I'm going to attack him with a bow. I'm going to attack him with my Entangle arrow.


Everyone hears from the back, Scanlan’s voice piping up saying, "Just buy all this shit!"


So, we should open the bronze door? Right?


Yes, indeed.


Worst Carvel cake ever!


Did he take a concentration?


If this big thing couldn't kick it in, how could I?


Back away from that cart, please.


Yeah. Yeah, sure.


That's not great. 12.


It's a trip arrow.


Sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. And then as my bonus action, I will say to Percy, Percival, take this down! I, Taryon Darrington, being of sound mind and body, hereby do not leave my belongings to anyone, but prefer to be buried with them. (all laugh)


How do you have that spray and the snakes in the same-- that's just so much.


Okay. 15.


And it's a bonus action?


I'm going to-- hold on.


Of course I am!


Yeah, but still.


There's four lion heads in the room.


We have missed you; we don't mean to pry.


Yeah. But I can see how, I'm the only one who's been in this mountain, so there's maybe a little trust. I got this! I haven't been here, but I got it!


Yes, that name.


Pike's going to solve everything.


I'd like to take that.


It's sort of like Pringles, where you just can't have one.


We're stupid.


I mean, we can tell him to hold out hope.


I mean, it's a big conversation that we should have.


Yeah, right?


My name is Vax! And I keep going.


Oh god, I love this!


I think what Beau is trying to say is that you've made a wise choice in removing yourself for a bit. Did you happen to know the owner of The Leaky Tap? She's apparently selling it.


Awesome. And this is a 1d--


Can I Speak With Animals to them?


Yasha, it's very good to see you again.


11?!


That's rad.


All right, but we don't know how we're going to break that thing.


I was having a Hellraiser moment.


You should open the door.


Fish are friends, not food!


I slap down 25 gold on behalf of Grog.


Flank them.


Oh, I forgot you had that ring.


To the light.


Outstanding. We defer to your expertise.


YEAH!


I'll just say--


Three in the room now, right?


Yeah, and also my face hurts as well.


Seeming.


I'm just.


This I gotta see.


I punch him in the chin!


That was not my wisest thing ever. 16.


What's the landscape, topography, everything?


Can I hit my head on the doorway on the way out?


I'd like to hold my turn until it gets off the roof and maybe comes down to the ground.


Couldn't figure what it's a temple to, or any--?


I like you. We'll see you later.


I wasn't done.


Here's the thing, you're not going to marry her. Okay?


Yeah, she was kind of unpleasant.


20. I'm so sorry, 20.


It's not a natural 20, though, which is what it's going to take. I'm going to use Luck.


It was Guinevere.


Would your dad?


Have you heard tale of Scanlan the Bard? / Or Burt Reynolds, if you look at his card. Always tries to get laid / Sometimes with ladies he made! But I still respect him, 'cause rhyming is hard. (laughter, cheering)


He said, "You are our treasured guests." I wrote it down.


Oh, I got this.


This is the thing for your broom. I'm sitting here while you were drinking, working on this.


I know! Trinket peed on him.


And JB, if there is anything you need out of there.


If it happens at the same time.


That's pretty bad. That's the same number. (laughter)


You sound like an excellent addition to our team, then.


Math is happening here. Action Math!


My speed is 25.


We have the same room.


10,060. Currently Starburns is winning.


What are you fucking talking about?


It can be anyone, but there should be at least one!


My wisdom is eight so I can't pick up on any of this.


Oh Percy, no.


Slow.


You know him?


I will use my movement to step around the corner of the house and I will begin to count to 20 slowly in Zemnian to calm my nerves.


I just back straight up.


A goldfish!


Gif it! Gif it! (laughter)


What's a lychee?


Worth it!


What do those manacles look like?


Did we already have it?


That is incorrect.


All right, Uncanny Dodge.


Well suddenly you're being kind of charismatic. Nott's making moralistic judgments that are in the direction of reasonable.


I mean, they're kicking cats in this bitch, so it's not that far off.


This is exciting. I should've peed before the show started.


I see his legs. He's not walking this way.


You've got to do something about that. That's becoming a problem.


Yes, be careful guys, please be careful!


Turn into Clarota.


Be careful! I think there's another elemental right there.


Honestly? Nothing.


Everyone else is pixelated, but Pickle has been revealed.


No more dagger dagger dagger.


I'm waving at them. Hi.


But you're Scanlan, you can do this.


As a last resort we are cleared to offer this to you in exchange for your prisoner, or is he-- are you holding him as a prisoner or--?


I think we beat him. Maybe we beat him.


It's going to say the same thing. Which part?


Oh yeah, Destroy Undead. Fuck, I forgot about-- Sorry, it's been a minute since I've been around them. Okay, yeah, Destroy Undead.


Thank you for turning us into an episode of California, yes.


And putting on the fucking mask.


Did I find any incense?


I have it written down somewhere.


(high-pitched) Why would you bring attention to us?!


Come on, you got this. Let's go.


I'm talking about somebody to talk to.


It's because we're family.


If I did something with everything that vibrated on my body, I would be doing stuff all day long, right.


I can't take it back from him now. Or ever.


Act cool. Everybody act cool.


Think that will work on a gnoll?


They will always grow back, even if you--?


I will fill that with oil.


Oh wait, you're not invisible anymore.


Oh, he leaps? I was going to say, seeing that argument, that I dropped down to the ground on the other side. And not help him.


Because I ran by it earlier.


Robert.


I rolled a 28.


Will someone collect some blood?


That's a damn good idea.


Yeah, so there are Fire Ashari. So the point behind the Ashari-- I'm not sure I have expressed this to you all in the past few months. The point of our tribe is we sought out the weakest points where the elemental planes start to bleed with our plane of existence, and these planes need to be protected, so our people have sought them all out in order to make haven there and be the protectors that we were all born to be. And as part of my Aramente, I have to seek out each of the headmasters and prove myself a worthy leader.


Nott, remember that additional cellar behind the Leaky Tap?


I think to get in, yeah.


Go with them, then.


And apparently I'm the first.


And if that means not talking, that's what it's got to be, all right?


I swipe at him with my tail and try to trip him.


Oh, claws? You said claws?


I roll a bunch of d6s?


He's very claustrophobic.


Did you get a 20, did you get a 20 on it?


I just noticed the little lanterns glowing. Bravo!


That's a stupid game.


Scanlan should definitely talk to him.


Except for mistakes.


So, technically, we don't even have to head towards the Feywild. Do you guys remember how I kind of did that thing with Grog's evil sword and kind of banished it away for forever?


He attacked us first, you know.


We're on a path?


No, he does not.


You have our deepest sympathies at your position. This is obviously going to be a very difficult time.


Oh, jeez. I don't know what to do. So intimidating is not working?


Oh, let-- no! We haven't even talked about it at all!


We need to shop around first, of course.


Yeah, but Keyleth.


I grabbed the carpet, and I jumped and put my own body, up to my fucking head, into the acid. Burned. Yeah, you see this? You see this little bit of gray? I held the carpet up, and then it's funny. We both sank together, and then the carpet went in the acid. But it was still okay. It wasn't completely destroyed.


You know, I could Skywrite that we're here in the sky again.


25. So that does 11, 21 points of damage?


Thank you. Use this and you talk to her where I can't. At least, not yet.


A malad!


Caleb, I trust you. Where do we go, back--


Spill it, girl. Spill it.


C'mon, buddy.


Yeah, but right now I'm better at clearing than anything. I'm not going to be the one who does damage to him.


24, 27, 33, plus the psychic damage. 33 plus-- 41. 48 for the first hit.


Kids can be cruel so I decided to take away the target that was most easily available for them.


I'll hold him while somebody else can rough him up, but--


And we know where the entrance is.


I could potentially turn us into animals that can swim, which is why I was wondering if the rivers were connected. Maybe we can jump like salmon, going upstream?


I used my reaction.


Oh, that was well done.


I'd been thinking that this had to happen at some point.


No, leave that at home.


Where are we against the mountain? Are we still on the mountain edge?


I'll have a talk with him.


Thank you, Erwen.


Yeah, well--


Just go for it! (gurgling sounds)


It's time to eat some roast beast.


I think they're talking about the sword.


The stone?


It's called "The Daring Tales."


We haven't been there very long. (whispering) God damn it.


Yeah, but we've got night vision.


How much are the greaters?


Oh, this is going to be funny.


Well, they gave us a location of the stones.


Two years? Two years. Are you-- and forgive me if this is too personal-- are you expecting to see him again?


@brianwfoster. And you can also catch the Talks Machina page on Twitter @talksmachina. You can also get early access if you go to alphainvite.com for early access to the page. We're going to be on there; it's our chance to give insight after the game. It'll be a weekly thing so we can answer questions that people might have, talk about moments that happened, how it went well, how it didn't, how we suck. There will always be a few of us on there every week, we might even have some guests, and some segments! It's going to be awesome. It's something we've been wanting to do for a while--


In the center of the room, okay.


We can't win!


What was my character's name?


I have been spending this entire debate looking north and remembering everything that I saw on the way here from the boat and just calculating an exit strategy, because I remember the things that I saw on the way here.


And maybe he didn't win it, but has he seen it, heard of it--


I'm going to Tidal Wave again. Tidal Wave! Right here, this way, fucking with these two guys.


It's sulking.


Mine's really old, it's probably either Monster or Paranoia Agent. I'm gonna go that far back. Yeah, all the way back.


Am I joining in here? Or can I just get back on the table?


An offering. What if we laid a trap in the offering? What if we used your frag grenade that you did. Is it a bomb? Does it set off on a timer? Is it very fragile?


Think about it. What avarice have any of us ever experienced from Pike?


We're not stealthy, doing this.


What, it's wisdom. Oh, against my spell save?


Last time we did that, it kept floating up top.


(whispering) Where is everybody?


It is a solid door.


Lightly! Not enough to make her lose a hit point.


Before we take off?


No, I got nothing.


Vex hasn't had a chance to haggle since the show started.


(disgusted noises)


I don't know. I don't want her to get too far ahead.


We have to make a strong appearance. This is shock and awe. We're not going to win over the people by half measures and hey, let's hold an election, or something. We have to kill everyone in as dramatic a fashion as possible.


Why should I believe?


Just one-- One other consideration.


I'll give you 12.


Okay, so I'll start asking questions to get us there.


What level Dis?


We'll probably all die.


Yeah, you're the sailor guy! This is your whole episode!


Mine. I'm writing it down.


Eyeballs.


I quite like it here.


It's all right. 14.


Baby!


I will join him.


I may-- well, I'm tempted to head downstairs to have a drink, start scoping out and see who might know what's what about that prison.


Me? Yeah, sorry.


Can either one of you put light behind this stained glass?


Or should we get on each side?


Oh no! It's not ruined!


He's still eyebitten.


Cloyde?


No! That looks crazy.


I'm down to party. I'm just saying it was a little different in my head.


Currently my Ring of Protection.


Cassandra, what are you doing?


I would have seen that.


Okay. All right, I'm going to go for like, a General Krieg-type look to the face? I'm going to do my best--


So don't faff a dozy fortnight. You'll be right gutted if you do! Oh, sweet fanny adams; don't wag off! Search D&D Beyond at your app store and you'll be jolly good chuffed about it! Oh now I'm knackered and cream crackered so I'm off to Bedfordshire! Pip pip!


Where was that? What the fuck?


Yeah, what is it?


That giant is definitely against us?


So nonchalant with that shit!


Certainly not the weirdest.


You guys wanna go on a boat?


Oh. Bitch.


Oh, please let something come out of your mouth.


Lie to me, Pinocchio. Lie to me.


Bone chips.


It's not your sword anymore.


I'm going to assume that I can use some family connections to finagle a few horses.


I heard a dog barking. I feel that this plan was no better than ours.


That's actually fair.


Did you do this alone or was I in the room when this happened? I would have loved to have watched this.


He actually swims really well.


Hold for Pike.


Yeah? Well I am no super spy, but I would like to just look at the area and see what I see in the nature of security, other than these obvious robed figures.


Can I borrow your hat?


I'm gonna sing a little ditty to inspire Vax. ♫ I didn't see the Vax ♫ 'Cause he's so goddamned stealthy ♫ Da da da da da da da da


And I'll just punch him in the face.


And I will tiptoe back into the mansion.


My body hurts.


Do we have any idea when the letters came in to Emon that we were successful?


No. Seven plus two equals nine.


Wait, there was a false memory? He tricked you?


(splutters)


Oh my god. I got pink in the face. In real life.


Merchants' guild then polite exit?


Oh sweet Jesus.


I'm going to trail my sister by like ten feet and watch her back.


This is Grog. This is Grog on Sword of Kas.


Shall we, Pass Without a Trace?


We'll come back for another day.


Well, we need to not lose. They're still diminished if we do defeat Vecna. That part of them is forever chaining him.


No, I'm... it's arguable. I'm definitely over 300.


Yeah man, when we got pushed in the playground, that got in your head.


So probably from about here.


Oh, let me carry your plate for you. And I start eating his food.


No, Scanlan, that's not what I meant.


Wow, you took that to a dark place. You took that--


Shall I inspire you?


Yes! Through the month of November, we are raising money for my favorite charity: Operation Supply Drop! They are amazing. OSD has helped over 750,000 members of the military community with supply drops. They have initiatives, they have job training, they have skill workshops for people that are going from active military work through their transition into civilian life, and they just touched so many people. I love this organization. I've been following them for years. If we hit our 25,000 dollar goal, we're going to host a special first-person shooter stream with me! Yeah. I used to be good. I'm not so much anymore since baby days, but I'm going to try. I'm going to have a montage.


Yeah you did. Genius.


Outstanding. That is a big plus for me. Ten plus four, 14!


Why are we using the gnomes to throw people over?


Yeah. Well, it's a lumpy place.


Minxy!


It is, to Mass Cure, is 30-foot radius.


What is this bullshit?


Does my bear get to come with me?


I could maybe hit Trinket or Grog?


So the idea is, Pike, if we ask her why she wants the horn, if there is any other reason but to destroy it, we have to--


Get out of here.


Right. Me, I'm just an appetizer.


Does he have to make a constitution--


It's 25 a minute, isn't it?


Bring him with us!


Oh! Me! Okay, I'm going to shoot-- oh god, I didn't realize I was going so fast.


What is a Blood Maladict?


We can get you back there today, if you think time is of the essence.


What else do your keen eyes perceive?


Excuse me. For one second. Can I speak to you for just a second?


Maybe sometimes drag these kids out for shenanigans.


Sex personified.


Ooh, that's good. 12 plus eight is 20, plus another eight is 28. Math.


Exactly! Pain in the neck, Ma! Looking for Vecna, he's a pain in the neck, Ma! Find him? I say heck nah!


They need a tourism board. (laughter)


I go wherever Caleb goes.


I wanted it unbuttoned, actually.


For one roll.


I feel that we could come to an arrangement.


I don't know. (laughing) Let's go find out.


Do I, with the fire on the Deathwalker's Ward?


Should I leave my cloak here or should I take it with me?


What happens if we have to leave and the bird is still here?


(groans) No!


I rolled 16.


Bundle!


(imitating Laura) Climb up the stairs. Hello, gentleman.


That'll do. Walk away.


One gold. That's a really good deal. Did you hear how much he gave me a deal? Okay!


Can I wedge the door open or something?


Do I notice this happening?


This seems to be going okay, not so bad. Are those tables by the gate that Keg and Beauregard are trying to pull up? Not the room I'm in. I am going to kick one over and roll it over because I can see Keg jimmying on the gate. I see where she is going with it and I am going to be ready to push it under once it's lifted up. I will hold my turn, but I am going to do that pushing my rear end out of the way of view of anyone even though I am invisible.


23. No, you're right.


But with bullets.


If it pierces, it's bad.


Is it beautiful?


No, I want to be a hero. And I just haven't had the chance yet because my father says that I should just be focused on taking over the family business, learning financial things. And learning how to shake down a customer, and I'm so much more than that.


I'm going to cast one level--


Sorry, I was answering a different question. Continue.


Do your worst.


(whoomp) A little halfling-sized person of light appears behind the gnoll at the far end there.


(sniffles and coughs) I remember. (softer) I remember. See? It's all up here. So whatever happens, keep me there. All right?


The first one who spotted me.


Why is he your boss? What do you do? What kind of work are you in?


I use pushing attack!


Should I reroll? Yeah, I'll reroll.


There's a lot of presents, you guys.


Ah! Aw! Agh! (laughter)


You've got the amulet on.


(laughs) As anything. Might as well get a show out of it.


Right, so I can't do anything. Can I just delay?


Definitely take that 18.


Yasha. What is she doing again? Wow, my brain is so scrambled.


(gasps) No!


16 misses.


I'll come clean with you. We know exactly what that fucking piece of armor is.


Oh, I wonder if that's going to happen to all of us.


Stand down. At ease. Wait for my signal.


Yeah, the orb, we haven't--


What does Guidance do?


There's a very nice city where we came from. Might be able to start a new life there.


Oh no. More of a-- what would be the word I would think to use?


Does it change your physical weight and stuff?


Man, that sounds like a fine idea, Algar, doesn't it?


I'm going to take the dodge action. Can I hold my attack if I take the dodge action?


Catch up, play cards.


It may have landed on some wires.


All right. So action, action, bonus action. I'm going to cast Vow of Enmity on it.


Aw, it's so cool!


Didn't we go through something like this before?


Yeah sorry about that, you guys. Sorry!


Action figure is down.


That sounds like that wouldn't be something that's real.


I can. I have a few options for that.


Can the ladies be pirates?


Yeah, I want to be ducked around a wall, if I can, on the inside of the door.


Without advantage, even though he's retreating?


I miss doing your hair.


Well, Herr Clay, do you need healing?


I hop over to the doors, too.


Okay. I'm going to back up a bit. Move me behind that-- and then move me-- the other pillar.


A very, very great one. There is a prison, underground, people go there. Perhaps this is an easy question to ask that will flow freewy-- freely. What is this? Why do people get sent to that prison?


I will reply to that message.


So most everyone here is packing, then.


There could be an actual seed of power within there.


Whoa, the audience turned.


Can I tell Tooma, as we walk out  P.S., if that dragon comes back, we need to bolt.


Nyeh. Fuck a duck. There's two plus-- that is just two, but it's the poison dagger, so I'm gonna unload venom in him.


Yeah, you're literally peeling up your skin, cool. (scratching)


Yeah. (grunts)


Is this my spell DC? So 19.


But we're good people, so good things would happen to us.


That's the worst. That's the worst crime there is.


We should still try to stay out of all this.


Hey, quickly!


Yeah, Keyleth gets up and bleeding from my mouth. And I just take him and I grab him by his face. and I just say: Fucking traitor. And I spit a big glob of blood in his face.


Juggle something?


Phil's asleep, Phil went to bed. It switched, Phil's still alive. We should only leave Phil alive if we can, just save Phil.


Congratulations. You're in a prison cell with Charles Manson.


Well, they're called dad hat.


Oh! You're so kind! That's excellent.


That's irritating. All right. Hitting it again. That's 26 to hit. And that's, ugh! Nine points of damage and one psychic. That's ten points of damage.


That's embarrassing. I use the second strike on the same skeleton and hope Scanlan didn't notice.


I understand. If it goes sideways, it goes sideways, and we run. But if we can keep them out of an orphanage, I would be most grateful to all of you.


I don't think there is any sneaking in, thanks to those birds, so we make a stand out here.


Fuck! (laughter)


(whispering) Chroma Conclave, that's so cool!


Sure we are.


Okay. I'll dash across the gangplank to get on the boat and-- jesus, how do we get rid of these guys? (laughter)


Is he still up?


It is. We'll solve this.


This is fucking fun.


Oh, wow, the detail!


When we've timed it!


She's antiqued too. She's covered in ash.


That's just how the cookie crumbles, motherfucker.


Everybody!


I can solve this really quickly. Are any of the Pyrah tribe hot?


Death knight.


Oh, you know what, I'm going to put out the little gold tea set, and I'm going to act like we're welcoming them to tea whenever they show up.


All right, we do have three pints of dragon’s blood.


Well, maybe. What else does she see?


Travis and I are seeing Hamilton this weekend. What?


The Leaky Nip.


I look around and say we need to drop this fucker and get the hell out of Dodge. (laughing)


Do I get two or three attacks?


Within melee range?


They're stupid.


I just look at her and I say, roses are red, violets are blue, we're both gnomes, and you are so foxy! (laughter)


Alliteration.


Yeah let's sleep in the mansion till we can at least get rid of this heat.


So exciting.


Critter shirt.


They'll figure out that the poor food-- I feel like they're clever enough for that one. Best to feed them well, at least.


I'll go first. Okay, I'm going to-- Where am I?


We were sending them off to be sold.


Yeah, no bigs, right?


Well, yes. But-- I feel so nervous all of a sudden, everybody's looking at me.


I don't care! I'm getting away from you fuckers. And I'm turning invisible. (laughter)


Is it my imagination that all of the half-elves kind of have the same weird chin thing going on?


This young man was an unfortunate victim of my wrath when the Briarwoods visited. He is a citizen of Whitestone, and--


Can I wrap myself in like my--


All right, all right. I'm going to give some back.


And as a bonus action, I will Healing Word myself.


We could've found out if we wouldn't have been stupid.


That has only happened a handful of times on this show.


I've learned a valuable lesson today, while I've half-caught on fire. Can I cast some type of a mental spell through the orb to the fire genie?


Excuse me, handsy. I'm leaving.


He's been carving it this week.


You should really spread it out, Beau! That's really not good! Should we go looking for it? Maybe you dropped it under the bed. Can I start looking around the room?


And with the Titanstone Knuckles, can I smash them together and cast Enlarge on myself? (cheering)


Okay, so he's how high right now?


Run along, now.


There are buildings around, so are we in the middle of a field, a plain, badlands?


No, we're walking around.


So, with the climbing harness and the rope, I speed-rope into the room and take cover behind the pool. Can I hide behind the pool on the opposite side of-- Yeah.


It's for a shifty bastard. It's definitely a shifty bastard thing.


I hope so! I hope so, and is that Trinket right next to it?


The deal is we just attack him and kill him! What's the big deal? We were sent on a killing mission here.


Well, who else can we talk to?


He didn't talk about the family. He wanted to be separate from them and he didn't want me to be influenced by them at all.


Wait, where do we go? Nobody's taking us?


I'm going to be making a beeline for everybody else. Everybody's in that big clump.


I'm stealthing.


All right. All this bloodshed is giving me a terrible itch in my ear. We shall stay with you and tomorrow we will bathe in the blood of a dragon.


Only she can get away with that. None of the rest of us can.


Yeah, yeah. Any last words of wisdom for the Feywild?


Well, he's finally-- He likes these guys, he wants to finally show off and do something cool.


You're so good.


I would try to locate Caduceus on the boat, actually. I don't know if he's hiding or not.


Okay, my next shot, I'm just gonna turn to the king and just shoot.


Yeah, in general.


1d10 plus five. Where's my d10s? Ten damage. Piercing damage.


That might be possible.


Fearsome Scanlan.


You got swallowed?


It's like Beast Shape, so I keep my intellect, my wisdom, and my charisma, but I take on their physical stats--


Don't you think the flying guys will notice that?


No nude giants, right?


I also have to make a concentration check.


They're terrible.


We take a contract on an existing creature that we have to somehow find in Draconia.


Looking for Melrose. 11.


No, fuck those things.


I let go of the front of the carpet, I stick a--


That's so stupid. Okay.


It’s open mic night! You got this! (laughter)


I need to know what Fireball does.


Gormidi?


There's no blade?


Only if they start in it, or if they end their turn in it. Two different types of damage.


Okay, so that's where I'll stay. "This doesn't look good." I cast Obelisk of Stone on my dear friend. (fshh) I'm going to raise him up out of harm's way.


The jail.


-- in town.


I thought we could all use it, always?


What fucking spell is this?


So they were going the opposite direction that we are.


Okay. Do we have a plan before we get there? Before I teleport us into the middle of a city that might possibly be in the middle of a war zone?


What could you have possibly have been doing, Matt? Sorry!


Okay, I'm going to use-- wait, wait-- Healing Word on Beau.


Great. One more.


Well. What do you want? What are you looking for?


What-- a magic-- a magic missile? An antimagic missile?


Okay. Honestly? I saw Molly's when we were in the bath house.


All right, guys, we’ll get there.


He's vulnerable to-- oh, to--


What exactly does it do?


One, two three, right there! That's where we need to spin it over there!


We'll be cute in three hours.


Okay, so I'll give him a little cut, a little nick, and then jump on the flying carpet.


Not old enough for our party to kill mercilessly.


Not if I use my scrying eye.


Does not hit. Third attack is 20-- oh wait, what did I say last? 17, 18?


Don't touch Doty!


I'll talk to Percy, but I'm sure, if it's for a good cause...


Well. Yes, I am, a bit!


Do any of the buildings look remarkable or interesting? I'm trying to keep an eye out for any building that may have anything inside it of vague importance. Either the building itself is slightly more interesting, or it looks like maybe someone has boarded something up to try and maintain some kind of vigil against the darkness? I'm not entirely sure. Out of the ordinary.


Was he wearing armor? Like, a red-ish sort of very fantastic armor?


No, go ahead.


We're going to learn how to do it.


I'm currently-- Doty is brushing my teeth.


Are we off on our own a little bit from everyone training guns upon us?


If I go to the very edge, how far am I from her?


How come we never noticed the battle map has a river on it? Oh no!


This may be, by the way, how we deal with Raishan.


Okay. Is he within 120 feet of me?


I also back out.


We're going to head downwards.


I'm using Hide in Plain Sight to make me and Trinket extra, extra hidey.


Killer whales?


She's four.


Did you go to that guy?


15 for the third one.


Ear-in-es.


You've got a very low initiative bonus.


Is this our answer as to why this entire area eats ships?


This is a beautiful cream puff.


I take out a book that I have and in between some of the pages is a four-leaf clover. I'll take the flowers and I'll put them in between the other pages, and I'll put it away.


Roll for Yasha. 20!


We got to take what's given to us and right now we don't have an invite to get down to the Sluice. So we might as well go by The Wayfarer's Cove.


If anything, I feel like I'm exercising an enormous amount of willpower just not to-- I mean, just doesn't seem like we're in-- there's a good advantage to dealing with this now. But, yeah, there's something weird there.


All right. I just grab your hand, and I'll lean back like this.


Tight, tight, tight. (laughter)


It gives us all 1d6. That's pretty weak.


Why're you always busting my balls, then?


Yeah, it's four sphinxes.


Is there any breaks in the door or the building or cracks that Frumpkin could fit into?


Yeah. It's a very fair point.


I don't think she liked most of us, but she's pretty cool.


Barely any hair on this body. (laughter)


I'm going to put 116 platinum.


We're moving towards the epicenter.


Full amplify.


It's very comfortable to step upon, but it doesn't fly.


I want to buy Tusk Love, please.


One creature that you can see within range must make a wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is drawn to you, compelled by your divine demand.


Let's find out!


Everybody--


The shitty manacles?


I can dig it open a little bit.


It came, I guess! See, I told you my mom is really cool, you guys!


Looks kind of like a dick.


Strength or athletics?


Right path.


What is it? What is it?


I feel like we've gotten to know each other so well!


No, I'm really not.


I didn't plan any commercial today, it was just--


So-- Thank you.


Second shot is-- oh my god, what a terrible roll! Ten points of damage. Nope, I'm so sorry! That's not nearly as bad as I thought it was. 16 points of damage. That's way better. That seven looked like a one.


I'm going to get within 30 feet of Nott.


Keeping a good distance.


Oh, she just healed everybody for 24 points.


It'll pass.


Grog, I love you. I'm sorry that we won't get to hang out, because you hate me now. But I would never replace you. And if you ask me right now--


You're evil.


You're going outside?


Hey, do you think they're going to stop allowing you to drink in the street as soon as we get guards and law and order back in this town? I kind of like you being able to drink in the street in Whitestone. It's nice.


How about Jamedi Cosko? I don't like that guy.


Wait, lights off?! Why lights off?!


How about the protection?


We've reached a new level.


Between me and Nila, we could actually get in pretty quickly. I could get in with the sword and she could be dropped in as a mouse.


I don't like it.


This is the time.


Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on.


They have more than we do.


Fuck this dragon. As much as I would love to protect this house, we've got to get the fuck out of here. Is Pike right behind me?


They are following us?


Maybe they're unhappy with their employer. Maybe we can find their good side.


50th episode. Not anniversary.


Mimic Vex.


It's a long story, but I'm afraid we won't be able to tell it or further converse unless we have an atmosphere of equal exchange here, and this hostile act is not a step in the right direction, Captain.


A d8 for inspiration.


Oh, it can't?


How long does it last and how does it work?


Apologies are mine, I think. I believe you had some sort of plan, and I thought I knew better, and for that I'm sorry.


I'm behind this plan.


Good doggy. All right. You're free now. Go away. I don't know.


I mean yes, my hearing is perfectly fine.


And you're up! Then for my bonus action, I'm going to send my Spiritual-- oh, no.


We have six horses.


15. It's 15.


23, 28.


You're, you're-- yeah.


Oh! So you did need it.


Listen, you're my sister, and I love you very much, and I know a lot about you, and I can help you in a lot of ways. But not every way.


(singing) Let's go back to the stinky part of town.


With sneak attack?


You get a grit point back, right?


Oh, that was terrible, six.


I feel like that's where we're going to find them, and where we'll find them preoccupied.


Do you have gold, Scanlan?


If we put on the robes, we've got to pull out an eyeball each, too.


I'm going to go to the barkeep.


We're getting bold!


Look into my eyes. (laughter)


We're essentially doing an episode of allworknoplay right now. Should we start? Maybe by the time you're done--


Port Zoon.


I'm Prime right now.


Circle of death.


Oh, the Locate Object, right.


I'm waving through it.


That would be no problem.


That sounds weird.


Like, the play the games?


You wear armor?


Yeah, I'm not real comfortable talking about it.


I am afraid so, ja.


Oh god, okay.


I think I know how to fix your gun, if you hand it to me.


Not necessarily. Don't talk like that. I'm serious. You have to keep a positive outlook. Otherwise you're doomed.


Oh, yes, absolutely!


We love you, Wendy.


Not too high.


Today was a major clusterfuck. Everything went wrong. We did all the wrong things.


Of course. It's an honor system.


It took me a few minutes to--


So, the scars are...?


Seeing as there's no guard, I'm going to dart over towards where he's hiding, but not right on him or anything, across the way.


No, but, the chains attaching two ships.


I am, yeah.


I follow her down.


Upstairs.


Makes sense. I just saw some were hurt. I was trying to help out, but if they don't want it, then I ain't going to do it.


The DC of the spell is 17.


I see.


Did you see that behind you?


That seems very derogatory. Also you're super heavy, though, aren't you?


(food coming out of mouth noises)


Fucking dick.


It's more natural, it's creature-based.


Unless Tickle-me-Elmo is holding you by the cage.


Be here right now. Be present.


Six. Burn, baby, burn.


Yes, Grog. You have a point?


I mean fuck it, if we heal ourselves--


You're right. How silly of me.


I've always liked you. From the beginning, I've always liked you.


I walk right up to him and I awkwardly put a hand on his chest, and I make sure that I flip my pencil and spit as I talk and say, I need a hard drink. I need a hard drink right now. Where?


Scanlan had them.


47?


I'm going to use perception on the chest and the bodies.


It's the "ae" thing.


He wants a fancy robe, not a fur.


Crotch in face.


I feel like we shouldn't.


Hmm-hmm-hmm.


Yes. Here's my question.


That's a good question. I'm probably going to ruin any stealthiness.


Yeah! She beat me at arm wrestling.


That seems like our fastest option. What's the other option? A short rest and then we bamf.


There's nowhere-- We're gonna die.


Okay. Chore number four. (laughter)


I thought I did for two seconds, and then I was like, oh wait, no I don't.


In the way that I was taught by Vandren, I extend the sword to my side, bring it up in a salute, swing it back down. I've met a lot of people, but I don't think I'll ever meet another character as unique as you, Molly.


Oh! You can turn into a bird!


I can't. He can.


(strained noise)


What the fuck?!


Now we pass out.


Four. 14. I guess that's a four. So ten.


Worst double date sangria partners ever.


Yes, with the flaming hammer.


So congratulations, guys, for crashing the website, but what is not crashed is our donation link, so if you scroll down and click on the 826LA link, all of the donations that are made tonight they've said will go to GameChanger


I found some of these. I'm going to put them in my book. I've gotten a lot of different ones now.


Like Zsasz from the Batman comics?


I get sneak attack?


There are books I read as a child.


I don't know, I'm thinking about it. I don't know where I'm going to end up now.


As much as I'm kind of into this--


That happened much easier than I expected.


So?


They haven't done our fees, right?


I'm going to just keep my eyes open for any tricks of the hand, sleight-of-hand-y-type tricks.


Maybe we should get out of here.


Fjord, can I talk to you for one moment, please?


I really want to look at these. I want to look at these books really quickly. I'm having a moment. I just want to start looking at these titles. What are these books?


Do you want to go to--


Right now. That's the decision.


Creepy.


But I don't want to kill Algar.


No! It's balls-ass dark!


I was worried. There were really dark times. I would hear Jester singing to herself at night and then she'd change lyrics, and then my name would be in the lyrics sometimes. Every morning, she would try and cheer everybody up that was around her, but she had the muffle? So I couldn't tell if my brain was playing tricks on me, or if she was just-- I don't think there's much that gets her down. It's kind of inspiring.


Because he's immune to magic or something? Is that what's going on?


Yeah. 19.


All right, so I know this guy named the Lord of the Quad Roads. Back up. While you were gone-- were you gone? I'm not sure. Did you know that I have this little magical thing?


It's a gate that protects the city from bad underwater creatures or something?


Keyleth, you're going to butcher this dragon, right?


Oh. How fascinating.


Her friend using her book to smash on top of somebody else's head?


I would prefer not the direct route.


Do I have to sit next to him?


Technically, he's got cover. And it's funnier to just wait.


Sure! I'll get-- Let's get 150 gold worth of that, and then probably some cooking spices, too.


Oh no god!


What the fuck? All three ones on her d6s.


I don't think they-- This is a temple.


It's just a pot.


While we wait for those three minutes I turn to Molly and I say, Do you remember anything in your recollections of this Yee...ah...noghu.


I pull a David Caruso and say, It looks like these giants had... big trouble. (all laugh)


We thank you for your time. If we may, how long has it been since the dragon was last here?


So 2500 for all nine then.


That’s what I said!


Okay, I think we're safe.


So we could either go to the rear of the mine on this level and see where they're coming from.


It won't be easy! Let's be honest.


I just gave him 200 fucking gold.


Sovereign? Thank you.


We should solve this at some point, right? We should get some bean bags or something?


I know exactly what you're talking about.


What is math?


But then they'll know.


I will cast the mansion. I will sing the song to conjure it. (Sings) Home, home on the range, where the trees are acting real strange, where chickens are pecked, Vex shoots me in the neck, and the hot tub is filled with grenades. (All laugh and applaud.)


Let's go towards the light.


I think you are, but if it's first thing in the morning, I don't think the Briarwoods could have gotten to everybody yet, so I think you and I could do our father-son act for like an hour.


And then run up behind that third mind flayer, who I don't think has taken a hit yet, and just start stabbing him in the back.


Yes, the safe word is Fjord, so if shit goes pear-shaped, and one of us says Fjord, get Fjord.


Out the doors, so I can get our shit.


Okay, great!


Right, Lady Kima?


A little gardening.


I think someone asked about my birthay. Laura and my birthday. The whole reason we are playing twins is that we share the same birthday.


No sense reading two-thirds of a book. Let's finish this up, see what it has to say.


Can I please sunbeam first? God dammit, Scanlan.


(singing) Six.


I wipe a little blood from my mouth.


I rolled 22 on perception, by the way.


What about one of those things that always works on me--


And we'll be like, "We used to hang out with him before he was famous."


Do Frumpkin and I see the doohickus? The dodecahedron?


It is executive!


That's a good lad. What's your name? Before I approach. Still far enough away.


I hand him the drink one more time.


Boom, I attack! Sneak attack on the one near Keyleth.


It's not a cat.


Oh, shut up. Suck it.


I know! I'm wearing the shirt! As he's bent over and I just saw my brother attack him with fire, I hit him with fire again, straight through the eyeball that's remaining, through the back of his head.


Yeah, it kind of reminded me of Percival's shit, which is why I'm talking to you now.


But two hours ago, were you right-handed or left-handed?


Yeah. She stole mail one time.


I'm going to hold Sacred Flame to cast on him.


And then it's gone.


I'm a barbarian, too! (laughter)


Wait, wait. There. There's his heart breaking.


(loudly) I said I wonder if the giant--


And because it comes with an enormous amount of responsibility and complications. And while it's nice to have, because I'm using it to do some good in the world now, and because without it, she becomes slightly more questionably evil than she currently is, bless.


Eight silver.


I'm trying to undo-- do I also have time to get the anchor up?


Yeah, but I'll stop short of her. I will use a bonus action to cast Hex on her.


It should be available--


You're up.


No, really, do you know anything about the ritual?


Oh, to fly.


We already know.


Let you go?! I tried to talk to you and you almost tried to get us killed!


And then the target needs to make a wisdom saving throw.


(gulps) How about this. I can trade you something worth far more than the extra 3,000 gold this gentleman promised you.


Can I get a focus on what the slaves look like?


My dear lord! Fucking seven, but he still rolled a natural two, right, no?


Not that that's not really impressive.


But you might have to go--


I fly up into the hole. I drop the endless rope down from the hole as I'm flying it up so there's a rope in the middle of the room; so that everybody can go for, I'm flying up--


We heard people shouting, I heard you call for Molly.


For your job?


Everything? Armor? Helmets?


You know what? Bring it, bitch.


He wants to kill us.


Have you two found that diamond-- oh, sweet Pelor!


To control the sphere, is it just will?


Or just don't disturb them.


So directly in front of me, there's a staircase going up?


Yeah, whoever's the smartest should be in the front.


I know aquariums that don't look that good.


Six plus my spell modifier. So ten? Is that right, is that how it works? Plus my spell level? Is that what it is with Healing Word?


I'd like to see what they propose.


Is that the house that the Countess was briefly residing in?


It's up to you, Grog.


Oh, hey, you.


Yeah, we don't actually have a-- that happened. We don't actually have a subject yet, we're going through and taking suggestions from Twitter and from the chatroom, but we will have that probably figured out, I'm going to guess tomorrow and probably a graphic on Monday, but Wednesday 12 to 2, we're talking comics, and it's going to be fun, so we'll just-- come and join us and we'll chill.


So it's only a dark magical, anti-magical field because she wants it to be?!


Yeah. Yeah, like tee-ball.


The range, I believe, is 30 feet, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it is. Am I covering every part of the store where I am? I start to browse.


No way, really?


I don't need it, but okay.


Well, I'm always partial to the front. Then you're right in it, if something goes wrong, it's nothing between you and whatever terrible, bloody mess is going to happen. It's just the best.


War caster.


Oh, hello there. I didn't see you.


See, what I'm most nervous about is, when I went to the Earth Tribe they said that my mother had passed through. And went through her training, and her Ulare trip, and she was fine. And then continued on.


Hi, good day, good day, all.


Okay, can I do Blight?


Wait, strength?


(sighs) That would help. It was getting hot as hell down there. I don't know. I mean, maybe a quick look around the perimeter of this thing?


I didn't, no. I just sat there and then I went, "Okay, well, I've got to go!" And I got up and ran and I feel like an idiot.


That's true. Maybe we go back to their employer?


Just to set up to make sure that the queen and her children are taken in at the castle.


So Trinket just stands up, he's got his paws on his chest.


Doty kills people.


Scanlan and I will share one.


Matt, if I can be a stickler, I also Cutting Wordsed him, so that puts him at disadvantage on a save.


You've got a little papaya juice on the front of it


One 6th and one 5th?


Right. Four points of necrotic, 28. Oh, plus I'm enlarged. 29.


Back up to full. And remember, you get plus 2d12 to your max hit points because we ate good food. Nothing beats a home-cooked meal.


Once per day. So you can choose a moment to get the jump.


And 12 o'clock.


I would be right next to Keyleth because I was holding her hand.


Repeats stuff, yeah.


I think I did. I feel like I did. Did you just say I'd been with your mom?!


(dopey guard voice) "It was just like that cat I kicked the other day."


He left us in charge of finding justice for his wife, and we intend to.


Can I come down and grab... Keyleth? And lift her up into the tree too?


I grab it!


Oh, should we wait until some people are more sober?


Of course it is.


(laughing) How long has it been?


Yes-- Yeah, I'm going to use the rest of my movement to just come back out here.


Oh, I thought you said the other fuck and I was like, he is a fuck!


Normal Saturday night, my friend.


Today?


Oh, sorry, no, I'm being a dickhole. It is five, yeah.


Maybe Vasselheim?


Quick, quick break.


It's just five copper. A steal. At five silver, it would be a steal, at five gold? Worth every penny. But if you've got the five copper to spend, we would happily have you all.


I think that's-- oh, can I do Healing Hands on myself?


Well, I mean, I had him on my lap as I was flying back. I wanted to make sure they were okay.


Fuck, I've never rolled that well in my life.


You think? I feel like Raishan would only know how to open up a portal.


It was a firecracker, that's all.


I--


Oh, are you free of bandages and everything too and we just can't see it?


Squeeze the candle, Fatty Arbuckle!


Under the paper.


I would love to see it right now.


It... certainly scalded something. Thank you. That was very lovely and that was very charming and I unfortunately have business in the--


I got my finger on the trigger, I got my finger on the trigger, gun!


I vote we take it to the Cobalt Reserve.


Oh. You're back to light gray again. You look great.


It'll be a little victory. We'll take over the shanty-town.


Knock, knock, hello? I bamfed into your universe. I don't know.


Yeah, but I was picturing meandering out of a nice, beautiful tree in a forest.


Oh, I can't see inside of it.


All right? You've always been stronger than me, I need you to keep doing that.


They have portraits already?


I have darkvision. Oh, yeah, I'll take the torch.


(deep voice) Thanks!


It's in Los Angeles.


Oh, he's paralyzed! I have advantage on the attack.


Are we bringing it back?


Yeah. I go and I gather the remains.


Like Ed Wynn getting tickled.


I slide down on my knees and slide across the room and try to cast Healing Word the minute-- or cast Cure Wounds the minute I get to him.


Caleb knows about clouds.


It'll get hungry. Maybe later.


This comes out. This washes out, right?


I can't do anything else, probably.


Because I have such an easy target at his back, I give a little bit of a curveball to it, and I make the fireball beam of red go (whirring) (explosion) and erupt about 15 feet back, and just burn the backside.


Run, run!


Firing one more time at it! That hit. 15, 27. Seven points of damage.


Is she like in his chest cavity?


You are a talented artiste.


Okay. Hit regardless.


(whispers) Yes.


Have they come down in price?


Vex, could you tell Zahra to come up another 20 feet or so?


Sitaritic?


He doesn't know the--


You want to go to the Lyceum?


Well struck, my lord!


Well, yes.


Dude! Kick that shit.


Oh! (cheering)


A little bit of pee came out. It was that good.


Let's prepare it, and when it's time--


I like working for him. He keeps me safe.


You want to go back in there? It's awfully fresh.


Maybe avoid Zadash just because I just came there, you know. Don't want to hit the same place twice.


Draft number two. "Oh no, I lost control of the genie, and now I am so scared I'm running away."


I dim the light.


Oh, fuck that. I walk up to the door and knock really loud.


All four.


You are going to be rubbing Tiger Balm into that shit for years.


I recognize the color green and white.


That's crazy. Good luck.


On the top of my spire I cast Daylight.


But what about her--


That's good, they're at disadvantage, now, to hit you. They are! Because you're prone.


Oh, that's true. All right, all right, you're right.


Yeah, I got to go. Sorry.


So you could go over.


Are we fighting this thing?


(singing) Kumbaya, the cursed woman--


And the rest of us can follow along?


I've heard you say his name before.


I'm going to lend her my resist lightning ring so that she can study it and hopefully come up with a resist energy potion.


All right, Scanlan.


Okay. I'm going to run up to the edge of it. Are any of my friends right up against this nasty shit?


Okay. That they come out safe and sound?


Caleb, did you hear that?


This is important, I need to know.


It might explode.


I like your black and white hair, that's cool.


You really should.


Yes. Natural one. (laughter)


Yeah, I'll go first.


What the fuck are you thinking? What're you thinking?


Can I send up a little bit like a flare?


This all checks out. We are in the right place.


Oh no! Terrible!


Description, character details? I know Sylvan, Common, and Celestial.


You've got it Nott!


He got zapped and now he's unconscious.


That question was Matt included, question was for everyone, if you guys could switch characters with anyone, who would you pick? Including Matt.


For my next one, let's push Delilah ten feet for my final trick. That's a 28 to hit.


Are we there? No, we're not even there.


Not thanks to some.


Thank you. Your brother tells me that you have some sort of acid-resistant something.


And I'll use my action to keep going and as I close in I shout out: Kynan! You're with us! You are not with them, you are with me! Stop this! Move behind us now!


Well. Yes.


A one eyed, one horned, swimming, purple, people-- Come on up, please, we should keep moving.


These assholes.


Yeah. Can you do an arcana check on it?


16. The Bane's on hydra.


Well, maybe if I didn't have friends who were such douchebags.


Shite.


Eleventy-seven.


It is absolutely, yes.


Oh, right. Percy's still--


What does? Who?


Do I have a bonus?


Okay, I'm going to run over here to the altar-casket situation and I'm going to quickly check it out. What do I do?


Tibber-hoods.


How much movement does he have left?


(as Febron) It's me pheromones!


Nipple tassels! That's way better. (all laugh)


Second attack is a 29.


I go, "Ugh, Molly!" "Do it!"


How big is the room?


That's a natural 19!


There are trees. I can also pop through a tree. I can pop through a tree through most places. Pop through a tree and get us to Westruun, as long as we take a nap.


What a good idea. Good idea!


Are we getting another horse?


I want a Grog shirt that says "do it."


(exaggerated American accent) But only if he does an American accent.


He keeps calling him that.


Could you just do that the entire way into the cavern?


Yeah. I've never sailed directly to the Inkclaw Reef. I just know where it is because I've seen maps.


I run back into the hidden area immediately, and I don't stay out there.


Can I see? I raised up.


Worst scenario possible. Cool. Good to know.


No, it just lasts for seven days.


Thank you for bringing the text chat all the way back around.


That is, actually. If it wouldn't be too much trouble, Caleb, that would be--


Go in the little hole, then.


Let's get some information first.


Anyway, give him love. Go watch it. It's funny. It's very funny. And he has great things that he boosts.


I grab Kaylie by the face and I say to her Goodbye.


I'm fine, baby. How are you?


Nothing is more important than this.


Did you all do that together?


No, I am going with Jester to this fancy place.


The eyes, they're there, right? It's part of the mural, they're not missing or recessed or anything?


I also use an additional ten minutes to touch the coat and cast Comprehend Languages on this, see if it says anything.


Oh, that's good! 19.


It's the internet though, man.


With 37 stealth, yo. It saw us?


So it'll be halved.


What's a smut shop?


Yeah! In fact, that's actually a brilliant plan. We could disable a crystal, maybe I could light a signal, distract people. While they're distracted, we make it to the next one.


Ultimately, after an attack roll is made against a creature they can expend their Fragment of Possibility to roll and additional d20 to see if the attacker hits.


I will help as many people as I can while I'm flying through the air.


Oh, ho ho ho, and all of that!


I have one more thing. A quick shoutout to a critter named Carol who is an awesome fantasy writer and friend of the show. She's been feeling a little under the weather but she's been watching our new campaign and I wanted to wish her a speedy recovery and thanks for watching.


Ooh, sorry. I forgot. Well actually, no, I don't know what you're talking about.


If we make a chain, we can reach over to him.


You asked him? What?


We'll figure something out.


Is it Divine Fury still?


We're going to focus everything on one side of the tower, we're going to try and bring it down in a direction. Here we go.


Back-to-back?!


She is intimidating.


And if, in the horribly unfortunate scenario where she can't. Pike, can you leave us anything?


12 points?


Well, hold on. Well, okay, yeah. If it comes down to that, everybody, we have to know that that has to be--


For bonus added safety in case this bridge gives way, I'm going to cast Grasping Vine and have it loop and wrap around the edge of the bridge. Further enforce it.


What are you doing concentration on?


Should I try something offensive or healing-based, do you think? How are you doing, Caleb?


That thing do anything?


F. Forsooth, I shall grab this elf boy!


Can we ask one of the guards?


You can dye things colors?


All of us. Six.


Go grab the gold, let's get the body, and we'll get out of here. We have to search the body as well.


It still can't stop thinking about Mollymauk, though.


No. That idea will work as well, too. I think what we should do is do the mouse thing. Whoever-- I guess we make the effort to go in, however we can manage, to get into the top of wherever we are going to attack those beams, as it were, to do damage to the thing controlling whatever.


I have three good questions.


I'm trying this thing where I'm trying to be more polite, and people say shit like that I guess.


You're hard. Lot of things going on.


Did we assemble a team of magic--


No, I can see. We've got two light sources now.


Years in the making.


Yeah, I'm going to wear a mustache.


It, well, here. Since we've started here.


I'm going to see if I can do a blow to his temple with my elbow.


Protect the gnome!


But he was at 53 when he got hit.


And then I'm going to use Guiding Bolt at the other one.


My athletics is a one, total.


Am I?


I've got all the words to make the girls like me.


Okay, I am not coming on to you, but will you hold my hand while we do this, that way if we-- (laughter) I cannot even look at you-- I cannot believe I am doing this experiment with you. Let's not cover the camera, and let's examine it together, and if we go to the Nine Hells or something, at least we'll be there together in theory.


I'm attempting to do the math of how much platinum...


You're yelling at me from across the bar.


We never left.


It was a good thought.


She's such a racist. (laughs)


Like real, or like see-through?


Of 13.


Yeah, I guess I could fly.


It's crazy.


It might have had a more utilitarian purpose, but it's fine.


The fox is by your left hand.


(singing) Oh god I hope not.


Do I know what it does? Can I do like a check on it?


But, it does mean that it was because of when they saw us in Emon--


Yeah, I could.


Well, you need to share it with us.


Oh, fuck-all. I thought you could give me the layman's terms.


I'm going to Zephra.


Can't it burn? Can't you do things with stone, Keyleth?


All right, and because he's flanked by Grog, the first one gets sneak attack damage. Two plus eight, 14, 16, 17, 22, 23, 25, 31 for the first.


Oh. 13.


I am. I've got the kiln.


Okay. That's a 20 for the first one.


Yasha, hold my ankles!


Well, soon.


Oh no! Scanlan! Is it a one?


Maybe I can do that every day.


We meant to announce that, yeah. It just released this week.


Do you want me to write them in the bag?


All right, doing good.


It's not like you don't have 30 dice anyway. So many dice.


Can I come in now?


And your brother.


What if they didn't hang the bodies, the tree just grabbed people?


Yes! Okay. So that's 3d10. Ugh, what? 28.


The good stuff's in my bag. Don't worry.


Nothing to add.


You can roll a 20.


It's got tattoos on it. One and a half. Oh. One and a half plus my strength, right?


He's nice! He's so much nicer than my father ever was!


What good will it do? I don't think that we need to tell her.


Well yeah, I'll ride a horse.


She's dead. She died. We killed her!


Have mercy!


Made it at Kinko's.


Do you feel anything? What's it doing?


Did you notice they had some undead gnolls with them?


So it's Molly--


Thank you, Suvos.


I can do it, dear.


Seven plus seven is 14!


Turgid.


9 points of poison on him.


And I have advantage, hold on. Investigation... 22.


Did you fucking slip something into my drink, Caleb? What the fuck, man?


All right, I want to reach in and grab something out of there too. All right, fine!


You are a good actor.


I didn't know. Listen, I wanted to tell you this information, but I didn't know how to do so. I still don't know what's going to happen. You all might draw your knives and kill me right now, I just wanted to get this information...


Perfect! So I materialize, using my girth to take up the door, and then I just go (deep voice) boom! And start bringing it down.


Goddamn, he did that to me on my turn.


Whatcha reading?


I'm using my eight perception, I report to the others, it's just a normal tree, guys. (All laugh.)


The Concord?


Sorry, spoilers, sorry.


Yeah, but now they want it, I want it back. Because it hums.


We don't even know where to find him, though. We're running out of time.


I'm going to cast Spiritual Guardians. Oh, sorry.


Okay, but that seems a little dicey if we want to work out what we're going to do. We're just going to appear and say howdy?


One point.


Yeah, yeah. I'm going to land.


Start to crumble?


I hug him back? Do I go like this?


As Caleb flies backward, I'll summon the falchion and take a defensive stance.


Oh, I'm excited, write fanfic.


Treecycle. Leaft.


Oh, yeah.


Two, three!


I'm all right. You people suck.


I have a healing potion.


(quietly) Yeah, she's a ranger, she can cast stuff.


They must have the pruniest feet!


But if you want a quieter evening, you can certainly share the room with Nott and I for once. It's probably not as raucous a room, but you're welcome to it.


Rounds of what?


I'll take a drink. (huffing) I'm going to start going down the steps and feeling my way for traps and stuff.


Oh shit, yeah, sorry.


Do we see any King's Guard? Crownsguard?


He smells slightly better than he did before.


It's not our ship.


Aw! (laughter)


If we're going to do that, we should go back to Whitestone first.


I just answered the first thing that popped into my head.


Should we tell them if he survived? Or do you want to surprise them? I say loudly enough for everybody to hear.


It'd be like 0.1.


No. One at a time.


Continue, Councilor, but watch yourself.


Did you kill him, Grog?


You were wearing eyeliner to our fight?


Dwarven corpse.


Is he a dude or is he a creature?


I love finding a bargain. We should definitely go shopping.


Should we pause and heal, or--?


We're just rowing up. What'd I miss?! Start over, start over! (pants)


We learned when we killed the carpet.


Got it. Sorry.


We know that she possesses knowledge that could help us in our quest to save the world, and therefore, no matter what her personality is, she is valuable to us.


Yeah. It's all in the same place.


What's the reach on your thing? Can I have him on my shoulder, you know, once again like the cheerleader thing? Ready, go! Okay!


We can just drop things in from above on the temple and stay out of the temple.


Oh fuck, how high am I?


I'm on a log.


I have a question for you, Matt. Is it really just us and Avantika and Jamedi?


Well, I guess there's still time to figure it all out.


Do you want my dice bag?


So he's pinned to the ceiling, and they both take 21 damage.


We could attempt to steal them.


I'm not sure if we'll animate that one, but--


I imagine he would be very upset if we were delayed. We come with very grave news.


Okay, she is going to still just hold her turn--


Okay. So we'll start boating over.


Yeah, a giant ram. Haven't you seen the picture? Did you see the picture?


Among other things.


And then I'm going to cast Cure Wounds at-- Should I do that? Or should I do Toll the Dead on him?


And you'll be back, yeah?


They're bullshit. We don't care.


That's my last level two that I cast.


And now I'm up to top again, and it only took two hit dice. And then I get my heal back. I get my action surges back. Grit comes back on a short rest.


If it fits the gash in the side of the sphere.


Yeah, they're petting him.


Is there a ceiling, are there walls, are there statues in this space?


I will Lightning Bolt at level four the armor knight guy.


How do you decide which alcohol is in it?


My bonus action to whimper a little bit.


I think that he's just dealing with used items.


I think it's safe to assume that that was done after the ship sunk. A hole this size wouldn't keep a vessel in the water very long.


And I jump off the roof into the courtyard.


Can I check my history memory banks to see if I know anything about the Whispered One or if that jogs any memory?


Yeah, that's the dead one.


I'm very emotional about this right now. Can I check it for traps?


Wait. Before you guys leave. It doesn't matter based on what's just happened. Is there anything that you guys know that we didn't about any other of the members of the Knights of Requital that might have a more invested interest in an invasion or getting back at anyone in the Zauber Spire? Sorry. Yes. That was the right one.


You've got to run. Just run.


I'm going to punch him again.


Oh. God.


(eager snarling)


Right. And we had a text conversation earlier today where I said that if I don't hold an action, I can do this, this, and this, and we just misunderstood each other.


Okay, back away. Maybe you can try and just break through these manacles. Can you do that?


Yee-haw!


Thank you. This guy's new, right?


Yes, and Grog is like sherpa-ing.


It's once a century it works.


I pat Vax's hand-- Percy's hand. What the fuck. This is creepy.


Actually, wait. How far am I from my furthest--


Oh, one shriek!


Unassuming.


I'm going to catch up. You get a head start. I'm just going to get some more coffee.


Some of us could get on Mr. Mistoffelees and fly around the tower and see if there's a window that we could bust in or something.


Eight plus nine is 17.


(high-pitched) A 23 level skill? Okay.


It's almost as if this room is meant to introduce something.


Oh, we can say "Marius needs help. Come to Open Quay--"


Fantastical?


That's worth a d10.


Yeah. But we'll, I guess, walk in together and you can present me to my father. This seems so stupid, but sure, I'll go along with it.


Again. That'll hit. 31 to hit.


Damn it. God, I'm so bad at being eloquent.


Yeah, just two cups on a string.


My duty is to take care of Kiri. Right?


Adding to the confusion.


Okay, we've set the stage.


I think he shit himself while he was unconscious, so that's gotta smell really wonderful.


Did you ask him if you don't look like a tiefling if people are going to notice?


Yasha has a crush on me.


You keep your armor in a box filled with lavender?


GURPS in high school.


I'm going to get a little sleep, though, so I can get my spells back. Anybody else taking watch?


There's literally a cadaver that just went into the building. Not to give you ideas.


What does Stinking Cloud do to me?


Are you giving someone parameters by which they don't really have rules to follow?


I'm gonna just swim away from-- I'm just gonna try to swim towards the fucking door, but try to keep my distance from kraken while I'm doing it.


I know. I helped build this thing. Can I figure out how to get the book to eject?


That's going to be funny, if I actually do that. But no, Tiberius is actually based off Elminster Aumar, who I play in Neverwinter, the MMO. I booked that before we started the group, and then when I decided to make him a sorcerer, I was like-- it was right at the same time, too--


He does. He has a flair-- it's not my thing, obviously. I go for the lady hookers.


(gasps) That guy!


So it is that sense of realistic magic that exists every single game.


Great. We're still peasants.


I got it (snap)!


That everything was fine.


I was going to say, I can't kill Kevdak, he just healed for--


Oh, Meadery.


Are you a girl dwarf?


Yeah, I'll leave. It's not like I'm going to talk to the sorcerers.


And I tell them what happened, again.


Yes it's someone--


Okay. I don't know. I guess I don't know what I really wanted to find. I guess misery loves company.


Ow! I got a leaf-- No, I think it's a leaf.


That's better. That is 13.


I'm flying high, but I can't get an erection. I've done so much blow.


Why don't we-- Is it possible to drop off a group and then go back and get the rest? A taxi?


Yes, Arkhan!


Yeah. Can we get three beers in here?


Balls and a half!


And why does he want this certain someone killed? I'm sure it's out of politics?


So do we collect our money?


Cerkonos said one day they woke up and the mountain was spewing fire, and was angry with lava, and when he went to investigate it, she was there, ripping open the rift. And that was when everything happened. When he came to consciousness, everything was destroyed, so that's all he saw. And she was gone. But we know where she went next.


An earth elemental.


Did you find books?


That is a whole day.


Is that 90 feet?


We are going to not kill it.


Remember, Laura, you do have a weasel around your neck.


There's only three left, right?


We're still standing here. It's getting awkward.


Love knoweth no boundaries, and even though there's a significant age difference between us--


You can turn a coin and do right by the world. They are in need, and that place is going to explode, I'm telling you. Can I get another drink, please?


You look like a pirate!


If you're speaking to your mother, let's say, and pointing at your neck.


Or caramel them!


You're conscripted once you start earning that 10,000.


You said 36.


Thank you for your hospitality. I am glad that we could complete this transaction peacefully.


I do. Here, give this to Matt, he'll need it.


Maybe, okay. If I go down there--


Yes. Awesome. Six, 11, 20, that's 20.


And I click my boots together. (click) Feel that adrenaline rush.


We're inside a church.


Yeah, open the door!


Okay. Is that within range?


I am, I'm relying on greed, it tends to be exceedingly reliable.


Asking questions about the castle, about things about the castle. It was a long time ago, and I was not equipped for torture. I don't remember much.


He's got a 9th-level spell. Could do something.


I've already done that as well.


Do I have advantage like my sister had for--


Scanlan is going to hold his action.


No, you know what? I'm going to take it.


And I head for the treeline.


Those are cupcakes, Tary!


I pack them in on the Menagerie Coast, baby.


I came out here to build a little something, so I'm glad to have you out here for a little bit. Thank you for staying with me.


Oh god. We're going to go see Sarenrae, right?


Or I pooped my pants.


66 on the first hit.


She is still close.


We're going.


I mean, she's not melted, like the poor shits we've seen all over this city.


I forgot you were a rogue. Yeah...


Do we see a clearing? A landing spot?


I think they're taking a week off, no? The week after?


Oh, I'm holding her? Can I drag her back a bit? Into the woods.


Shit. Can I use my bonus action to fire the other one? Why not?


-- believe a dragon wouldn't notice a giant airship flying out of the city?


Odell.


Because it was in Pathfinder.


I agree. You see so much more of it.


Don't land?


Great. Can I make it a bramble shot?


Keeps it under her arm the whole time.


She's not looking at me, right? I'm a (vocalizing). You have dreams? I've had dreams of being deep underwater. There's a giant eye that sees me. I hear a voice speaking to me, but I can't reply. Does that ring any bells?


I scream out, "Good job Grog! That's your best one yet!"


I thought the first one is just three balls? No? I don't know how this shit works.


Think of the burn scars. You'll look so cool.


Get off! Get off! Stop it!


And then tie maybe the endless rope to it. And then you teleport back to the other side.


I'm actually going to sort of stand out in the-- I'm going to move a couple feet out-- there. And just start yelling at him: Hey-- hey you fucker, you got-- We got more than that! Where we-- Come on! Bring it! I don't know what I'm doing! Too much caffeine!


Fair enough. How old is she?


We can send Frumpkin, but also, we have another animal companion now. If you wanted to become an animal something or other and scout around, that would be acceptable, right?


I'm so tapped.


The man telling us what we can and can't do. (group laughs)


I drop my-- no. I'm going to keep in my water elemental form.


Thank you. Thank you for coming into my life.


Boy, that hits!


I remember it was really dark, and it was really long. I had nobody to talk to, so I made up all these people to talk to. Finally, when I got out, wow is it a big, beautiful world! I'm so glad I met you guys.


It seems like a different sort of arcana than the type that I've seen.


I think that was Jackie Mason.


A lot of us are outside the Faerie Fire.


We are in a total danger zone, and we're taking strolls.


Is that regular? Or stronger than that?


Would you like to know what they are before you put them on?


Vex'ahlia?


Do the Gears of War.


Did you go in and say "Can I speak to Ren?" and then somebody else go in his office while somebody was in the front asking to talk to Ren?


You're doing what? I'm doing Maximilian's Earthen Grasp again with my cat's paw.


Let's go down and talk to Irena.


Wait a minute. We don't want him walking through the streets, to The Arches, as a celestial. We want to get him in the house.


Really conflicted here.


We don't need one. We have this magical dome that we sleep in, now. It's really cool.


Damn it. Okay.


Why don't you invite the little pickpocket to sleep with you? So you can keep an eye on him. So he doesn't steal stuff. Where are you going, perv?


I shall take first watch.


On what? Nothing's up.


We can probably plan a ruse.


I'll go in close to Grog.


That's a great idea. Let's do that.


Thorbir sighs heavily and steps into the room, and follows Vax.


I had some words for Jamedi in the middle of my drug high.


Yeah, I'm more comfortable drawing mustaches on it than I am dickering with its power source.


Nice. This looks like a great place. Now, if you want your first taste of adventure, you need to bring Dottie and come over here.


Traveler, how do I make a boy like me?


Click go the boots. I'm going to run 12 squares and squat down just north of Grog. I'm not going to shit on you. I think I can make it all the way around to the other side of Grog, and I'm going to dagger, dagger, dagger at queen of the pixies there.


All right. One. Then the other one I do a poison dagger, gets a (singing) 20!


Okay, so 23 on the second hit.


We're supposed to be listening to her, or something. I don't know.


Twenty-five, wasn’t it?


Did you kill him?


Make a wisdom saving throw?


He's really good at it.


It's all part of the plan.


Yeah, he would not be surprised by the question.


Silver Falls?


I pick Pike back up, put her on my shoulder, and we keep running.


Come on. 18.


Seven points I heal. That's fucking sweet.


Does this mean we don't have to go in the water?


Why do you pledge yourself to him?


Look at Fjord. He is the captain now.


You didn't even ask him if there's a bookshop nearby.


How old are you compared to most people that are like you?


Wake everybody up!


Next dagger's out. That was a bad roll, but I'm going to use one of my Lucks to do that again. That hits. That's 27.


There's more food on the way, so don't ask them for more.


This is my favourite part, getting new shit.


So, yes. We would love to head in that direction.


I can still talk.


At least Doty was in disguise. No one will recognize him. Just take the disguise off him now.


Also, Sam Riegel did a lot of a capella in college.


They've made really poky fences everywhere.


I don't know if we can get Ashly Burch. That's tough.


We let it live.


Yes! New armor!


Yeah, we want Grog to run him out like a labrador.


It's mostly about mayonnaise.


Shitballs. 20 to hit.


I'm just looking for baubles to steal. (laughter)


"It was nice. What have you fellows been doing for these years?"


Even those of us that are very quietly walking slowly? Okay.


What are the cook and the maid going to do?


Our door is open?


There are no other entrances. That could be the entrance.


Okay. (laughs) Thanks, Grog! So since Grog's kind of there-- Can we arrange like a fastball special, almost? So have him like kind of go up and crouch and I'm gonna bust out--


And now Trinket is close to me, then. Did he go through them and get back to me?


And the conclusion that I've been coming to so far (sighs) and Pike being the exception to this rule, as she's the exception to so many things, is I think we're very broken people, but I think together, we are far greater than the sum of our parts. I like who we are together, and I think that's important.


Do we have any bombs or anything like that? Because I have a very big beautiful diamond of awesomeness that we uncovered before that I keep about. We could present him with this big, huge-ass diamond and then have it trapped with some sort of exploding device.


When he says he doesn't quite understand, is he telling the truth? Is that the same insight check?


Something missed! It's so nice.


He will! He really will!


Yeah, but he's gotta roll shitty sometimes.


We should probably buy it.


Oh, motherfuck!


From Hupperdook?


This is going to be so badass. So badass.


Yeah, let's get in a building and hide!


Did I see the bolt or any indication that he exists?


Where are they and the box right now?


Well, we can hide it behind a closet or something.


Oh, really? Larry, do you have any holy oil?


Deposit the checks.


I had to talk to them about constructing the crisis orbs.


I'm going to find you.


Yeah, very good. Light.


I don't know how long I want to wait when Vax is--


Do I use my fire elemental constitution? 14.


Oh wait, look at him!


He is looking at each one of us and rolling.


For the game, right?


He got two wishes?


It's a spell. It's a 3rd-level spell.


(whispering) I'm on the phone right now, okay? I'll get to you when I'm done.


And I shift my attention over to the one fighting Percy!


All right, Whisper out, and I cut her free.


Let's do this. Tomorrow, we'll set off to do this. In the meantime, we invite you to stay at our keep. Drink of our wine, eat of our food.


No, you don't have to.


There is something in it!


I don't want anyone else to use it. And with a butter knife, I put a note on the gate to the keep that says, "If Kaylie comes, go to Whitestone. P.S. If my painting is delivered, please forward to Scanlan Shorthalt, care of Whitestone."


I want to be one.


It's not been a day for Percy. I'm going to start making a dash into the corner there, up in the--


Whiskey?


While she does that, I start gathering the feathers and start laying them out as a bed around Vax, and preparing the station.


Hey, look! We can use this hyena meat as bait!


Like the mine?


We might be the third from the worst people.


Table service.


I mean, he's--


Watch your eyes. Watch your eyes.


Yeah, we'll be far away.


You're on the floor, right?


(fake crying) No, that was terrible.


It's 120 hasted, so 60 feet halved.


This is my forte, man.


Yeah. We don't have a big enough Bag of Holding.


We are just the worst. This is just terrible.


We were just going to have a conversation with them.


Wow, so many daddy issues.


He's got the-- no, he's got the Harrison Ford.


Do you know someone named Kaylie?


You know what we should do? You guys! Why don't we talk to Dolan about it? He would tell us!


Oh! Did you see that? That was awesome. 21.


No, no, we're going to stay in town.


Don't mess with me!


Excellent. And we thank you for your time.


Right, listen up. If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. (record scratching) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things. Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed greataxe, Grog oft enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd, but after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this, (chuckles) this terrified little thing. His disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches, ha! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors, huh. Also ale.


Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw!


Not my best. Nine.


That is my point. I think we quietly go around and get on top of the house and throw whatever the bait is in front and then we're back here for whatever comes out.


I've got a broom that flies.


I've been listening. I pull out a gold coin. Give him this.


But you're gone, so that sucks.


Hits, also.


God, these are terrible. 14.


I want to be able to fire and ignite one of the parchments on an arrow. So that I can--


Another note, to be clear, these were carved from the heart stone of a ruined earth primordial. When they're doing their thing, they make me resistant to fire, cold, and lightning damage. So. That's good.


Oh yeah. We're going to rock that body real hard.


We don't know what he's going to do.


Charmed.


Scanlan, don't you have Dancing Lights or anything?


It's a wisdom save!


You told us to go take a look at the pixies first. And to get a second opinion. And we have made it to the edge of the bog safely, without your need of safe passage.


Any kids?


I hear the Myriad's giving really good deals.


Okay. Great. Would you like one? You did this.


This is your fault.


I don't know. I don't know if there's anything in there.


That’s what I was thinking. Go into the cellar.


Ten and eight.


Now it's dead.


The giant's going to take more than one hit.


We did this to ourselves.


Yeah. You have to unpack in the moment.


That is correct. Yeah. I will take a moment to do that and it will let me know.


Arcana? All right.


You know, we could rest up here on the back corner of this chamber. I could cast my silver thread across this pool here on the other side. If anything comes through, it wakes us up. We'll be ready. We get ready for going further and--


Maybe we can buy some new swimwear while we're in town.


So combining Puccini and Marvel Puzzle Quest, I give you an operadvertisement. Shit, that music.


Don't tell Trinket!


Fuck off!


Oh, because you don't breathe.


(sings 'Bad to the Bone') (laughter)


I skim the book on the Cerberus Assembly.


Well, now we just have to go walk around snake people and not be seen, so that's fine.


Try and compost it, yeah?


It sort of has that old smell to it.


It's a big cube of sludge.


No, it's more complicated than that.


Pike, you just took 14.


It was our--


Oh, Liam.


Okay, so the first one is 19,


Come on, Tusktooth!


Oh, is it you and I?


We're going there!


Died in Stillben, game three.


Yeah, we're just doing the whole Lawrence of Arabia.


Yeah. I feel like this has some unique properties to it. Is there a chance that I could, I don't know, in some way transfer or copy some of that onto what I'm currently wearing? I have a little bit more intrinsic value with what I have.


You threw him forever.


d12 on top of that.


Incredible.


Warby Parker.


I'm still fucking Hasted.


If prototype one fails, I'll make it out of pewter.


Move. Get out of range of him, if you can.


I plant my hand on Nott's head and go into Frumpkin's eyesight and send him up there.


Hang on, hang on, we don't want to be--


I'm going to Remove Curse on him.


I said I'd take the day.


Invoke Duplicity I think lasts for-- I want to say an hour but I don't know if it does.


Let's not do that. Let's not go through that hole.


Should I shoot them down while they run?


Fresh-ish?


IEShoemaker is the winner.


Ank'harel? Bigger than Marquet. Ank'harel?


She rolled a natural 20.


But this was a different blade.


Oh, did you see it?! It was there and it went like that! It was a 20 and then it went (squeaky noise) because it was on the side. But that's okay. 20 is what it ended up as.


(singing) Oh, my darling, I hunger for your touch--


Plus that. Plus six for your touch attack, so 18.


Okay. How close can I get?


Oh my god, you're still here!


Something not in this back alley of a street.


It's like a walking shit sack, yeah?


27 again.


(excited gasp)


We don't have 600 gold?


I'm working every bloody angle I can think of.


I don't know how to harness that kind of stress.


Say it with me  you did this to yourself.


3d8 plus spellcasting ability modifier.


Well, I do want to save this city.


I've got to retire this one for a while.


Oh, did you guys do that on camera? That's so cute.


Thank you?


Still at disadvantage.


Healers are like cats. You have to have two so they can keep each other motivated. So funny.


You can definitely hear the sword?


Into the pockets.


It's four against us anyway.


Got to roleplay that shit. He convinced you.


I'm missing a big pile of dice! Eight, 12, 13, 19, 22, 28, 30, 36.


No, no, really, there's something to be said for it.


Just roll on your phone a couple times and then off to the side.


Yeah, it'll be fine. It'll be fine.


So what's the total?


I put my foot on his chest and do my best King Kong. (yells)


Maybe he'll kill us and we don't have to shop anymore.


He won't be for long.


Are you okay?


Almost died. Percy, be honest.


I love a good lime.


It's at the fountain crossroads--


Put him in a body bag!


Not the rest of them?


Wait, he's in the crocodile's mouth now?


He's actually a robot!


Oh my gosh. We figured out so much stuff.


You blacked out, man; there was a time traveler in this space!


Sure, got it. Okay, I'll run up the stairs then and hide back near where Caleb is. Other side. And then hide.


At fourth level, that would be seven, then.


Yulan!


Oh no. Don't die.


So here's my question  do you think he would stick around after it was raided? Or do you think he'd move on?


If he crits, I'm going to be so pissed.


That was more of a point of order.


I'm going to do a fastball special, a Fire Bolt, at him.


Yeah, I'll risk it.


I love it. No, no, I've got the half-table at the end here. It's great.


You took off before we shook hands or anything.


I absolutely will. Can we start there?


Scanlan, Scanlan, join us. Please, quickly, please.


Yeah, okay, all right. I'm going to use my movement to crawl out of the box so I can get a better bead on it hopefully. I'll go as far forward and to the side as I can to get a better angle.


Welcome to my world.


In the middle.


I have nothing against yurts. (laughs) Like a stick that you would put in a yurt so it wouldn't fall over. I would want it to fall over, therefore, I have nothing against yurts. (wheezing laughter) Demistrik!


Maybe we'll stealth it.


What about this  I'll make us both invisible and you fly us in.


Even then, our relations must be strong with Emon. We need their allyship, as well. Draconia will not go into things alone. We need a union.


But Caleb, we want to dance with you.


I’ll put some of my festive wear on him.


Boysness. Can you use it in a sentence, please?


A 21?


Keep walking in that direction--


I think I bought the wrong thing at the store!


I go upstairs, and I get Percy up against a wall. I turn around and slam him against a wall.


We don't have to be. Okay, then no. We're not there, then.


I'm probably going to come out about halfway through your shift with a pot and two cups. Another day.


I didn't take the book, I thought you took the book.


Okay, so I notice it. You're nudging the one that you want, right? Is that's what's going on? So I notice that.


Has anyone been watching me drink?


That way we don't have to go through a series of shit.


All right. I'll walk you guys. Let's walk to my place.


Child, how did you grow so close to him?


Yeah. Much worse.


Wow. I wonder what that looks like.


I love that we all did something similar but all wrote something different. We're like, numbers, somewhere!


Casala?


Funny, we are doing something similar. Are you done?


Yeah, it means that there's magical essence, it finds magic.


I get advantage on spell saves, right?


You should've sent the guy in the hallway in first, maybe.


Oh, well I don't have that. Oh, I have the hat, but it doesn't make me grow, does it?


You're in charge. What do you say?


Okay. Yeah, no problem.


This place is definitely making me nervous. We should do our best to cut off this particular flow-through.


(laughs) We're not going to kill you.


Anybody else have to go to the bathroom?


Beau!


I would say opaque buttholes.


That winged biatch.


They have giant spires, yeah, and they're going to say "who are you?" and we're not going to be on the list.


Well, don't tell him, but... I always had a thing for her, but now that I know it's his daughter, yeesh.


There's always cost. We will all die, it just depends on how. We died fighting a dragon, and we lived fighting a dragon. What more do you want? That's the smile I want to see.


I let you have a ring.


Okay, okay, okay. It's not a crit.


You want stationery, sure.


I would just like to look around. It's in a square, you say?


Well, we have to pass through Felderwin and the Felderwin Village first.


My goodness. That is a 17.


Oh! Awesome. Is it at least ten to 15 feet away from me?


It doesn't make any sense right now, does it?


You should try the biscuits. They are slaying me. That's all I know.


We should solve all of our problems with letters from now on.


I spank him on the ass and say, you're welcome, shorty.


That's great. With you humans--


Or deal with--


16 on the third hit.


Oh, you fucking crazy goth genius!


How about right now?


That's a 13.


You do have a cold heart.


Okay. Can I skitter up there and see what it is if it were to unfurl?


Like the public libraries of today.


Oh. She didn't even come to Vasselheim?


I shoot her.


Congratulations. It's really a thing.


Is he a god?


Or should we go home first?


Thank you for teaching me how to-- and I pull out the wire and back up 20 feet across the room. Whisper: teaching me this spell. You can reply to this message.


We should still get out of the taco.


Who has it?


Shit, I totally fucking forgot about that. The first time we got on the boat.


Hello, is there anyone in here?


Steady as she goes, ladies.


Left hand green!


Get 'im, Grog.


I'll use my extra action to attack.


You think if we go in, we're never coming back?


Ow, ow.


Never mind. I'm fine.


Wow. Wow.


Well, it's still really good.


On a command?


So let's flank.


Never mind. 19. Can I reroll the second attack? Nah! Forget it. (counting) 44 for the first attack.


Yeah. That Disney princess shit you saw was Lewberger, and they're playing tomorrow at Gather Your Party on this channel, and I will be performing songs with Alex Lewis, who's half of Lewberger, and I get to call Zac a dumdum for once. Zac the dumdum played the one video that I'm not in.


It's still over toward the hallway over there.


I'm sorry, a little clarification. We get paid to kill?


Double that!


I just want to see, something's not quite right.


Sam...


I could Detect Good and Evil.


You have fluff on your chin.


That's where this fellow, Algar, might be.


(whispering) I hear something.


Okay, wait. Are the gates locked?


And your mother's The Ruby of The Sea?


All of us are rather different. I hate that music when I'm talking. It makes me creeped out.


Have fun with the new Manhattan-sized island. Minecraft.


(gasps) Yes!


Fuck you, Molly.


No, Grog! No!


That's 19 points of damage.


Deathwalker's Ward, I'll have resistance to fire.


I step in front as he's unconscious and I go, Percy, dear. You'll thank us for this later, I know it.


My turn?


I thought a ton was 3,000 pounds.


Do you wanna carry Scanlan?


(quietly) From whence it came.


I've never seen Grog eat a single vegetable--


Oh, there we go! Oh, you were doing something to it.


Gail, are you sure D&D is safe? It scares me like rap music by Public Enemy and LL Cool J.


And if you have a bad one of those, it breaks, and so people need good ones of those.


I'll do it again. Fucking A. Nine.


Yeah, I remember that one.


Oh bejeebies.


How many total are there?


And you have no further information? Are there any grumpkins you want us to find? Do you expect us to go out with no information at all to find a man with a tiger's head?


That's fair then, yeah. That's a good plan.


You've got that gunslinger sneak attack times ten damage against a green dragon.


Yeah. That is a 25.


Guys? D&D Beyond.


Eels. Electric eels.


We don't weigh very much.


Yes, you can. I'm going to go see Mother and Sister. Might my friends stay here the night?


Oh, but I can't hear you. Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, there's no time to waste. I've Hasted her to protect me since it's just the two of us, but I have to move upstairs. So I'm going to feel my way up the stairs and hope that Keg comes along.


That's everything.


I can crash in another room. It's perfectly fine.


We're cuddling you for warmth, apparently. You're like an oven.


He calls you the Crutch?


So we're connecting those two groups?


Come on, let's go, Keyleth.


I think Kashaw is a great people-person.


Please help me if I fall down. And I start along.


(demonic voice)


And here's cucumber salad, everyone.


Oh, I cast Prestidigitation on Pike and I clean her up real quick.


Fire Plane.


That's like strapping a turkey baster to a tank, that's what that is.


Sometimes you have to walk away from a bad deal to find a good one.


He's good.


While he's thinking, I walk up to Delilah, grab her by the clothes, drag her to the side of the wall and prop her up, and turn to Percy. And say, end this.


He felt guilty for weeks after. He felt genuinely bad about it.


I don't know if I got a tooth count, either.


It's just a kitten going-- (mimes punching a kitten)


Seeker Asum is great, but we're the best in the business. I wouldn't leave our plan A to someone not us.


No, Percy!


So I just heard someone yell, "run." So I'm going to start unhooking the boat. I'm getting the boat ready to go.


Plus two for rage.


You know, you spend enough time with us-- Beauregard and I here almost died tonight. You're just a little girl. You should be playing with these kids, not playing with us. What about you, Mom and Dad?


No, we want him to be weight.


Yeah, I know. But hey, the anticipation keeps building, right? And then, payoff.


How big is the-- how wide is the smaller one that we're going through?


Oh my god, is it like being in lava?


Yeah, can we dip-dye it blue?


I got a ten, but technically I know-- I'm rolling at advantage?


To your brain!


Quick, Phillip, which way's north?


Keyleth's was adorable!


I will do. Yeah, I've got to keep out for that troll, right?


I mean, the fact that we're going to leave the door open and it's not coming up, but yeah, we'll go get the core and I figure we're going to do a thorough investigation of the whole thing once Caleb can do a Detect Magic.


I didn't know if you were actually gone!


Well look, I wanted a live test subject.


And we search for answers towards the future that we inevitably run to.


I want to head in that direction.


Panels and autographs. We loved the critters that came out to Seattle. Chicago, it's time to represent.


But am I at disadvantage because of the fear? I thought I was at disadvantage.


This guy likes to party.


It's Bailey.


Contentious.


That sounds familiar.


Do I still get advantage, because I'm still hidden?


It's within 1000 feet.


Never mind! Run! (laughter)


Not too bad. 18.


Jester, we agreed not to put anyone in harm's way in an excessive manner.


That was adorable.


Yeah. Dressed as a crownguard.


I was holding ready. Can I try and beat his initiative and get a shot off first?


Yeah. Third one is 19.


Thick, green sap?


We were wrong about what we needed to cast.


We need a fire.


You still have your mote, you can use it now.


It's possible it's a creature that's burrowing, or it's possible that's an opening into our underwater cavern, and nothing can grow there.


That's why I said; why don't we back up and burn it?


Two ones?


Can you roll lower?


Oh no. Yeah!


I think so. I do think so. It's good to see you taking command.


Oh, well, thank you.


Okay, stealthily, let's try to make it to the outer wall so that we can cut out some of these crystals.


- if I set off a thermonuclear bomb in my pocket?


We have potions! Can't we drink potions?


No, no, it's magical, it's good. It helps!


Are you a bouncer? Is he playing music and you're his bouncer? Do you rough up people who try to cause trouble?


Yes. We have to be careful of those monsters that came out of the--


Is it a single pane? Is it an openable window?


Actually, if you like, we can walk out of here being very irritated, like: Ugh! That guy. Too much.


(crying) Huh?


It was awful. You would not have liked it.


Shit, nine. Come on, that's my jam!


I don't push it that far, only like four or five inches just to peer through.


This wide.


All right, well I walk kind of hunched over.


I know. (beatboxes)


Well, technically my sister, but yes.


I thought you grabbed the kid's waist and he got pulled toward the thing, but the chain was still around his neck.


We could take one dude!


Oh, that's not true at all. I might have a solution which I just shared with Allura. I'm letting her take the lead on this, and when the situation presents itself I might have a solution to destroy it outright.


Yeah, and 600 gold with of paper and ink, and then 20 for all the incense you have right now, and I'm going to leave 40 in advance for more incense coming.


Can we get another round? For the--


We want to sell real things, not things that look like they're brand-new. If things are really old, they have dents and scuffs on them.


Are any of the Ravenites around us, or are we alone?


I'm going to head back to the group. I'm going to start running towards the group.


Oh, well there's nothing else I can do.


Don't forget to get tickets for our live show in New York City on the Ticketmaster or on critrole.com.


Let people know. Do you remember how bad the Conclave was? That's what we're talking about here.


Good to know. Understood.


33 damage to him. Seven of which is fire damage.


Syngorn is gone. And I don't mean destroyed, I don't mean burnt. I don't mean that it's rubble, I mean it's gone. The city is gone. There's, like, a huge chasm, a huge empty spot in the middle of the forest where Syngorn once lied. Lie.


Clink.


And Vax.


Ugh.


And it doesn't look like some self-published thing, that looks like a real-- whoa!


Two spines in the side.


Bloodsport!


Sure. I think it's got stuff for you in it.


I'm so glad I set that up. No regrets.


What is the type of magic emanating from the case?


A thousand gold.


A Christmas tree.


Oh. What? I don't know. What do I see?


Yes. I was thinking a really good thing you could do for us in return is to give my friend Fjord here a letter of recommendation to the Academy.


I'm afraid my flying potion's going to start to wear off soon, so I'm going to move. Is there a roof? On that middle compound building?


Come on! Is that a saving throw or just a check?


Yeah, you say what's on your mind--


The saddest thing.


(high-pitched) It's been an honor.


I walk away from the group all the way to the back, and I take it--


Stuff is stuff, it's bad for anybody. I guess.


Sorry. 2d4.


Sure. You can have a few. I hand him a handful.


Vax, ask him a question that only Gilmore would know the answer to.


Oh, thanks for telling us.


He has to wash them every night. They would be so gross.


Yeah, and I ignore all of the cat-calling and all of the sniping and all of the shittiness. These fucking assholes.


I'm going to move up and go to the opposite side of where Molly is and peek down the opposite way, just like he did.


We're level elitists for two more games.


It's a big rug on your back.


How do you want to do this.


Is there any writing or anything in there?


Now that I'm within range, may I go?


Vecna's a puppeteer. He used that to move Delilah. It's gone.


So do all the attacks first?


I smell lovely.


Are we on? What's going on?


Hashtag Critical Costumes!


You know what? The Klossowski, Klossowski--


I'm gonna hit him with two attacks.


Thanks! We did pretty good.


I use my earring and I whisper, they're calling to their master! Something big. I stay stealthed.


There is no ranger like me. This is stupid, we should go back.


He's got a little hole right here in his hand, that--


So we trot back over to the dead goblin village.


How far does the tunnel look?


Should we try to see Gustav tonight?


I am a legitimate businessman.


Yes. We'll bring it down and put it on the table. Shall my magic hand do it?


Is it investigation?


No, actually, maybe we should have it identified first.


Can I grab him? Can I grab him out?


Don't fuck with grandpa Illidan, all right?


See you in a bit.


(whoosh) Leave no trace.


There's a light goose to the energy because it feels like we're doing theater, which is the one added difference that I like, because when we played at home, we would have moments where we'd go into lulls or get tired or something, and that doesn't happen here.


Yes, I'm carrying the censer.


Nobody!


Damn it, where is Pike?! She would know about this.


Yeah, and I'll hold there.


Should I knock? Do you want me to knock, or do you just want me to knock?


But he's pretty close to dying.


While we talk to The Gentleman, while we navigate that, I could carry the thingy to make room for it.


Amazing.


She's going to literally try picking the lock? Yes!


Where he is or where he's planning to attack first or what his display of power is going to be?


It's over there.


So I do have to cast it again.


Not good?


No. I'm just nervous. I know what she'll say, and have me do, and I just want to be--


That was a great song, Scanlan.


As everybody walks, to Beau I say  Listen it's just about logistics. I mean you are very--


Let's go for claws.


Hey! I knock on the doors really loud. Check your coin purses! (groaning)


You did have days.


Maybe this is the unused entrance. Maybe the cave-in is the more recent.


I thought I'd lighten this backpack a little.


I return to my loving sister, kind and good. I land, and say, I saw another face, but I didn't stick my face in it, because that would be stupid.


We left one.


Aha!


Crapper, Shitter, W.C., Toilet, John.


Yeah, and I'm going to skip back into the corner, and at this point I can throw one dagger at that suit of armor, so I'm going to do that.


He seeks ascension into godhood.


What was the name of the rogue again?


Okay, 21 points.


There's no room? Can I land right in front of her? Okay, I land right in front of her, grab her by the face, kiss her full on the mouth, and cast Heroism through the kiss. Then I'll use my bonus action for movement and fly up to that roof, straight out across the street from him. From the pit fiend.


You sent the last of the decent bards out of town. It's all on you.


Are there any--


On the burn side?


Maybe call him back here and we can tie him up. Is that dumb?


We get two tries each. It'll be great. (laughter)


Guys, let's challenge ourselves. We have to break in, only using ball bearings.


Up the stairs. Behind us is stairs up.


No, fuck it.


I don't think we're going to get him away--


What if someone comes in? We kill everyone in the place?


17 will hit, 15 misses.


Let's get you to a bathhouse. You were eating dirt about ten minutes ago. Said it was snow.


Go!


Oh, weird. Yeah, it's blanks.


I would love to go up to Vax, but I don't think I can, right?


I have a pretty broad chest. These are pecs.


Yeah, they said a river is what the... right?


Seven plus five is 12.


Caduceus. Caduceus Clay. You can call me Clay.


The people that actually own this place, I know you like to pretend.


Are you better or worse than when you started?


Tra-la-la-la-la.


They what?


I think he stabbed my eye out! Jeez!


We're a well-oiled machine.


Golf claps, very appropriate.


Dope. Climate change.


I know. Constitution roll. (fart noise)


28 Days Later, they run.


Yeah, you can buy it back for us or we can go pawn it, your choice.


Yes, excellent to see you, too. You've been keeping the grounds quite nice.


Is that a cymbal crashing?


Full speed.


Come to Anaheim, 4,000 seats!


I was going to ask.


Kima has it.


Grog! Grog!


Fuck this asshole.


I'm kind of into that.


