Hits, yeah.


It really didn't go that poorly last time.


No, that's a minus four. So that would be a nine for Trinket.


Let's not spread out too far, though.


I'll fold up the Knights of Requital letter and hide it under her clock.


I'm pretty sure you don't have to worry about that.


Okay, and then this is lava? Oh Jesus. I'm shaking. Okay. I'm going to cast Watery Sphere right on their faces.


(whispers) I've never been kissed before, so I don't know. It was really good. Made me tingly inside.


I mean, it's bad for goals, but yeah.


And we all die. Too much Fargo lately.


I look over at Beau and I'm like  I'm doing you!


Did you eat the cub?


Percy's on my back and I'm an elephant holding the mask while we go find Grog.


Mine is a dangerous cause, filled with scary monsters, vile beasts, devilish devils. All of them can be found in the various Monster Manuals at the D&D Beyond Store-o. Aha! What is this?! It is a generic tablet device, displaying a handsome array of content and inventory to streamline your tabletop gameplay. Why, this can only be the infamous handiwork of D&D Beyond. With my blade, I cut down on prep time, I slice my physical book collection in half, I slay the enemies of book management? For I am (click click click) Storro! And I will never stop fighting until our D&D Beyond contract expires! And then I will stop fighting! Hyah!


This is night time?


We are children!


Few weeks? At the most, maybe only a couple.


Yep, just swinging wide. On Beau's side.


Yeah, but you saw it.


Are they infernal?


Would you care if we do a little teleportation spell in your living room?


Oh, yeah, sorry, d6 of flame damage! Shit. One.


Can I hide behind that building right there? In that little crevice?


I'm going to keep my distance. I'm going to back up a little bit, and I'm going to use Sacred Flame on the one that is in combat with Yasha. It's dex save.


No, not a question, but last night while Grog was sleeping-- I can see right up Grog's nose. While Grog was sleeping, I went and got a bit of rope from the ship and used my disguise kit that I have. I sort of frayed a part of the rope and spent about an hour using spirit gum to glue bits of frayed rope to Grog's chin into a small Gilmore-esque goatee. And he didn't seem to wake up, and I'd like to see how that worked out.


I start prepping the boat.


Is it all water outside still? Like, a little bit of water on the ground? No. We're not there anymore.


Do we have an EMT and a stomach pump on hand for Sam? For after the show?


I think that's precisely what happened.


It's really good. That's good.


This is why he's single.


The one with the hair, I think she's going to take off again.


Where do I mark off my loss of pride?


I step around. How do the shingles feel?


Aw, it doesn't do it. Great. I will use the rest of my movement to move another ten feet back in the hallway I'm in.


Is there a reason for that?


But what if it knows where we are and can somehow get an advantage and kill Sarenrae or something? I don't know.


So is there a way in, at this point?


Oh, you're not an earth elemental anymore.


I would check for things, but.


Yeah, sure, that'll work. The bear, too?


Thank you. Let's go.


He's down 22 hit points.


So, he can cast two spells; they have to be at third level.


You seem really put off by it. I didn't know it was so--


That's right. Jester, you would not want guilt over bringing in sweet Twiggy here to what could be certain doom. That's what we do; we seek out certain doom.


Think of what you can do for this town with 1,500 gold right now, because let me tell you, we can't give you that 1,700. So we either walk and you're stuck with a prisoner for another nine months, or you take the 1,500.


With advantage.


Jules, Petrov, Herma--


Hey, look at that!


She went to bed, she's fine.


Wow. I bought some sticks.


Fuck if I know.


(tension releasing)


Well, don't! We're in this together.


I mean, I know that because I know a lot about dragons.


Is that in the same hand?


Why are you so resistant to gifts and wonder? Magic?


Yes, I see it.


Oh, I see.


Okay, that's a 10 plus-- 20, total.


Okay, okay. +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls. 1d4 lightning damage.


Well, I still have a lot of training, so come back alive, I guess.


Yeah. 20 total.


Oh, I need to walk up and learn more about this dance, then.


We don't actually know where Ripley is.


Okay. I see the validity in that argument.


Well, I don't know about that. Remember. Enchantment.


Simon Two is coming with us.


You punched cotton candy.


This sword is called The Magician's Judge.


The Briarwoods murdered the de Rolos and took Whitestone. I have proof. I was there.


I am blessed!


The worst roll.


Super cute elemental, chasing me like a puppy.


You've just seen him from above? Have you ever talked to him or any of his--


It's okay, it's still holding.


You can tell them.


Of white dragon scales.


Can you pass the spyglass over? I think that would be great on the broom.


I'm not entirely sure.


The total? Was 17.


Go Percy, go Percy, go!


Listen, I was right there. There was no other way around that situation.


Pike, don't you think you should have a look at it?


Off of his body?


22, thank you. Plus 1d6 for Hex. Four. So 26.


What is that?!


I tend to believe him just because we haven't seen him.


That's hysterical. RG3 could've helped.


I both like you more and less at the same time.


And we're going to make a whole lot of gold over at the Pillow Trove.


Do old ladies lick the air?


It's a fox. It's like a cat or a dog. It's nothing.


That's a lot of calculator.


Where did we get these drinks? (laughter)


Should I do a perception on that? Nope.


I got to stealth past Molly, or get him out of the room.


So, I forget to turn my lower half into a-- (laughter)


Choker? Did you offer the fire giant a fucking choker?


The thick elf, yeah.


I'm just showing up on the beach.


Maybe we've got to go all the way back up to the top.


You. You, and you and you and you and me.


I feel like Pike would've comforted him.


Methinks the DM doth speak from experience.


That does critical for me. I've never criticaled with this either. What does that mean?


Gotta get in character. (in surfer voice) Yo-ho-ho, it's me, Rhodey Slater, with another message from our sponsor, Loot Crate. Whether you're dropping in on a party wave in Uluwatu or even Tamarindo, you won't look like a paddle-puss if you haul your tres gnarly gear from El Crate-o del Loot-o. This month's theme is Build, featuring sick brands like Power Rangers, hang ten; Batman, wax it up; Lego, mondo bitchin'; and Tetris, shaka. (all laugh)


I rest my head on Keyleth's shoulder and say, I almost wish we were back in the City of Dis right now.


Yeah, do that! Zahra has Fly, she can cast Fly on him!


They're like market lights so it's pretty. Yeah.


Please allow us safe passage. And then you said roll for persuasion, and I rolled a 19.


The where?


Your gold, Laura, or your maternal bond. You choose!


We succeeded.


Caleb is standing behind Beauregard and sliding his octopus onto his head.


Wait. 19 for me.


I hit it with the other one.


Thank you! I was just following your lead, man. You know, just nodding.


All right, do some people need to be healed?


I need to check in on the Air Ashari. I'm going to spend my last scrying.


If I complete it, then I am the Voice of the Tempest. I imagine I can do whatever I want. Right?


Pew, pew, pew.


Yeah, that'd be good.


I tried diplomacy! Never again.


This is about how well we do--


I have a hooded lantern we can put it in in the meantime.


I don't know. Or do I?


Of course I'm cool. I'm so cool, darling.


Master switch.


Attune to the sword.


Now we sleep.


I feel like I got that, though.


I have a vial of his spit. Can you analyze it? I don't know!


40 feet down, 60 feet into the tunnel, and then up, still underwater.


I'm just airbending.


Just give me page two!


With the poison dagger.


It's awesome!


Was there nothing useful on the guard?


On top of seven, or six total?


Yeah, I'm going to walk and I'm like It's bright enough, and I got to pee anyway. I'll be right back.


Vials?


I'm so excited to be here. I'm a huge fan of the show, so I spend my Thursdays watching you guys.


All-new You've Got Gail, every week right after Growing Pains and before She's the Sheriff. Presented by D&D Beyond! (laughter)


That is so badass.


That's good. 20 feet across.


Sa-REN-rae! (laughter)


Und amber for the three eyes on the head, or every single time?


I'll dash.


I do have a level one.


I don't know. Caleb, what do you think?


We'll go back to the beginning.


I will admit, it would do a lot for me.


Have some booze. I'll fill it to the brim.


Work hard, play hard.


"Your Turn to Roll." A Critical Role thing.


Touch yourself, Taliesin.


Well, we've got Percival. He's kind of in charge.


I don't, again, I don't know what that means. (laughter)


Hey, Nott. Send a message to Fjord and say, "Hey, did we look cool, just then?"


Okay. That's 16.


There's only one pub.


Far side?


That's what it says in the book.


I'm like a New Yorker on a subway.


Yeah, forever. Before we really knew any of you.


How much coin did we pull out of the treasury of Whitestone?


Third shot, aimed shot at the face, while he was turning around.


It's a belt buckle.


You're the worst. You're all the worst.


That's fine. What do I roll for concentration, again?


Well, let's go get a ship.


Oh my god. I'm going to pull my face off.


Then I pull the rug over the hole that I just made after we go under.


I don't know what they'd do. All I know is I don't want to hang out, and obviously we've made a bit of a reputation for ourselves.


For the whole duration?


(sighs) It's a shame. It was a very good one.


Daylight on my shield.


Thank you. Thank you, Cleff.


I bamf out of my Beast Shape. Whoa! What?


Not a lava fall.


Sigil.


Darts, daggers-- darts.


No. I'm doing my own thing.


A whole day?


Natural 20. That's the third one today! That's a d10, though. Right, d10?


I did. I didn't hurt anybody yet.


You hear a little dwarf in the corner go "Mommy?"


All right. Here you go.


What's on there?


You are all the most charming people I've met in-- yes. I finish my beer. (sighs) Well, we'd better be getting on.


Very specific about that. Here we go. First shot. Oh, before I do anything, I'm going to cast Hex on the pit demon, giving him a strength disadvantage.


Caleb, is there anything about this letter?


We're right near the entrance, right, no further?


Yeah, I'll come running down. Yeah, what is it?


Three vials of dragon blood in the Bag of Colding.


I'll help you go read, too. And I start reading my book.


I think it's going well.


You look amazing, Pike.


Do we need a fire?


Shit. All right, thank you.


That may just be where he escaped. That power may still be flowing.


He does, if I recall.


Can I do a little engineering? If I were going to punch at it...


We can steal some things!


Thank you. We have a box of crazy shit, will you look at it and tell us what we're looking at?


I think there's something else going.


It's this thing?


I think we should probably all stick together, one way or the other.


We should have Daylight. Where's my book? Where's my Player's Handbook?


Because I single-handedly established peace across Exandria, I found myself bored, in need of action. And so I sought out where the fight would now be. I looked for Scanlan a little bit along the way. I didn't find him.


Are there any other clerics that we know?


Do you ever think there's a chance for Lady Briarwood to come back?


Would I recognize what this word means?


Bye! A minute passes.


I mean, if want to sleep a day, we can all just bamf back. We can tree stride back to Whitestone, if we want to take a nap.


There's a lot of beer here.


And hot sauce? Is that hot sauce?


I've got it, Grog. I've got it.


I ditched you. That's cocked. That's better. 17.


Thank you, Bryce.


You guys, he's got smoke billowing out of him right now.


Do you have-- yeah, and the tentacles don't get a Prismatic Spray of their own?


Do you bite your silver pieces before you put them in your coin purse?


Before I turn in, can I sit with Molly's sword?


Oh, you're just a bundle of truth too, aren't you?


Good show.


Can I make a retaliation since he smacked me?


I don't want to force you to come, of course not. You can stay up here if you want, and I'm not going to talk about dangers, and murky depths, and stuff like that. I will say that you saved my life, and I don't feel as comfortable going into a battle without you.


Because now they don't know where we are.


20. Shit.


And a halo around you, because of the shield!


Does that work on a bat? Can you trip a bat?


Okay, I roll a d10.


I grab one of the half-drinken beers from someone else's table and set it down and be like, here you go. I got this for you.


Oh yeah, what do you want to do with the horses?


Charisma?


(singing) I believe I can--


I'll be comfortably back, as well.


Where are you going with this, Scanlan?


(dazed mumbling)


Someone is talking about this, we just haven't found them yet. 2:00AM field trip!


Because I can use some hits that are all right.


I bring the water up like a fountain of wealth and youth. Just coming up. Out of the bottom. (all laugh)


Huh. Okay. You can learn a lot from what people wrote in books.


It's going to squish you.


And I won't let you guys die. I am on it, I am on it.


Or turn into dolphins, or--


Can I try a one-handed push-up?


Does anybody want this rope?


You are?! That's one of my favorite movies of all time! Can I get your autograph?


(slurred) Excuse me, officer?


Yeah. So 21. The second one.


Then we win, we're victorious. Same plan.


I will go with you, and Frumpkin will go with you.


I'm super strong. Where the fuck is it?


Yeah, real quick, I still also want to scry on the Shorecomb.


Listen, I do think that going to, as you put it, a house of flesh, is a part of being an adventurer. It's a rite of passage.


(clears throat) Yes--


Next to me, where I crouched down from. I'm going to have her pop up and run across the gangplank.


We got to kill that guard.


He's right there.


And then got?


Maybe it worked! (laughter)


It's literally right there.


It's not going to live through me anyway.


Another great indie game.


There are, yes.


Boy, that sure sounds like food.


Everyone's up.


Well, then let's go with the decline. Yes?


Sure. Actually, yes. I would love some help with my errands.


My wife and I are businessmen. And what we hear is that this is where business happens.


So this is the last one and there's a bear there, right?


I kick him harder.


"Oh, Lord, what will we ever do with this dust?!"


The Crossroads.


How far away am I from him?


Yeah, as we're walking, I'm going to start Prayer of Healing, I guess. I know it takes about ten minutes, but it's a one-spell heal-all.


Maybe I won't do that so much anymore.


Just a minute, I know you're busy. Um.


I'm not that strong.


Love you guys!


Bag of Richards.


Magic molasses.


Why isn't he coming over here? Should we send another drink? Maybe two this time.


Where's your pointer?


Actually, there was one more! I'm so sorry! I forgot to do the necrotic damage on top of that. So with necrotic damage, that's another six points of necrotic damage.


Do you think I'm not empathetic?


Goodbye, elbow. Eh, well, not bad. (counting) 23 points of damage.


Amazing. All skill sets are appreciated.


Well, I can't really hit him from here.


We never talk anymore, do we?


iPhone five! This is the Fifth Edition.


Yeah, let's get some water.


Do I see any words that say isolation or incantation or anything?


Marisha Ray. Oh yeah, sorry, three names.


Hold your breath as you pass the wispy wisps, I don't trust them.


Might want to wait.


It's engraved with something?


Yeah, but she'll be fine!


Thank you for the heads-up, I'm going to go in.


Damn it! I'll try one. Nope. Didn't work. 15.


But grappled.


Okay. (laughs)


I relay all of that, of course.


The line of scrimmage, yeah. The line.


I mean I can-- seeing Caleb surrounded, Nott will leap on to the beast's face and stab it in the neck.


Do you have legendary--


Okay, you see this one? The purple one? He will cut you from navel to nuts, so please, have fun with us, but don't you fuck us.


No, I think it was to Liam.


Trinket's up! He's going to try to jump and land on top of the ghostly thing and bite its face. I don't know how to do that.


I'm going to also, for the record, I'm going to do it as a 6th-level spell, so it's going to be 4d8 instead. These are the eights, correct? Testify, my friend.


Hey, it's okay, Grog. I know you didn't mean to.


You know when you play D&D, you don't narrate taking a pooper, but you can assume that the characters take a pooper every day.


I wanna stealth.


Who gets the supe? And the great?


Ooh, that's not terrible. Oh, it is terrible. 14.


My armor, does that do anything?


And I go, what?


This would sometimes happen at the Air Ashari, as well. We'd get windstorms occasionally. It happens.


Just get them all out.


And then I'm going to, I want to grapple onto him. I want to start dragging him over to this nearby tree.


Oh, you piece of shit


(whispering) So we can all sneak by?


Like while we walk there, we should listen?


Keg is aroused.


I take my movement and go towards Caleb and Nott. Fuck.


C-20. (all laugh)


This one's not on fire. Yet.


She's here, or it's Thordak.


Who's these two?


Oh, it's too hazy. I can't see him.


I think it starts today.


Well, there's an easy way to deal with this.


Matrix style, he's diving in. No.


Oh, well. I'm on the fence about him. He's really pretty great, but I don't know. I'm not really sold yet.


It's a what?


It's an homage.


I already rolled high.


I'm going to re-watch that.


Can I get to flanking?


If I may, Vox Machina would not be here today without the aid and advice of Lady Allura, and I would like to personally testify on her behalf of her ability and her wisdom, and her heart. I feel she has a great place in this city, and you should put great trust in her, specifically. She will do much good by you, Sovereign.


Ooh, yes. (counting) 26. Plus I'll use Fury of the Small, why not? 31. Plus the burning bolt, what does that do?


That's not it.


We don't even know what we're doing.


Trinket instinctually ducks.


(whispers) But we could find out.


Let me make this abundantly clear. My name is Molly. That person is dead and not me. It's just a person who had this body. They abandoned it, it's mine now.


I'm so pissed that I broke free, that I would like to use Intimidating Presence on this creature.


What kind of dog?


We're taking a break?


I get closer to the edge as far as I can. Shit. Man, I can't do much. How far apart are the farthest of the far?


Dreams?


Wow. That was amazing.


Don't say that!


That is a 19.


How about skinky doodie?


Two for me as well.


Did I go my full speed?


You want bracers of defense? Plus two to your AC?


Come on, Cali!


Yep, that's my turn. Wait-- yes, I'm going to stay there.


Somewhere an aerator's going (raspberry).


So five points of damage. The second one. That's not great. That's 11.


As Fjord gets the boat going, I follow after Fjord.


Have fun drawing.


That took some doing, well done. I'll lean down for that.


Yes. No. I'm going to slide my body and try to stick head and dagger arm out of it and hang half in and half out, if possible.


You pray to your Sarenrae about it.


Can I take a step out to the left? As long as she has less than three-quarters cover, I'm okay.


(as Tary) 34, 35. Other side, Doty. One.


Extremely. (laughter)


We're still in the room.


Who we got, who we got?


Well, however many I could make out of two sheets of parchment, so probably like eight or maybe ten.


I don't know how it works.


We have Grog's bag of holding, the same one we've always had. Hey, is there somewhere we could buy a fucking bag of holding?


Oh wait, was that cocked? I don't know. I don't think so. And it's not great, no, seven.


Second day.


Come on, guys.


And the second one's going to be 16.


Oh. Scanlan and Vex, sorry.


Greyskull Keep!


After I go through, stay here. I pop Trinket out, and then I reach my necklace through and say, get in.


Is it worth going back to any of the other ziggurats, or no?


Right now, while I'm doing this, I'm going to cast Featherfall on myself.


So they don't necessarily know you're in the city.


Saving throw for half, yes.


That's a daycare.


This city without being seen? There's a big group of us.


Is knickknack a candy bar?


Speed is halved. Takes negative two to AC and dexterity saving throws. Can't use reactions. On its turn, it can use either an action or a bonus action, not both.


Do you have a name? That's true. I just love animals.


I want to be near it, though.


Thank you, Speak and Spell. We found out if it can talk?


Indianapolis!


Question, quick retroactive one  Can I use my reaction attack when that thing attacked Jester to do my Sentinel thing?


That's awkward.


The Kryn dynasty, they are from northern Xhorhas?


36?


If you fall asleep, is that illusion going to vanish?


We're going to have to thin these ranks out quickly.


They were going to feed her to something.


Me too.


Because I did something back in the home game, I did something.


I look at Grog and I foam at the mouth a little bit with the corpse and I--


Oh my god! You did it.


I'm gonna get you a new d20 soon.


Thank you for the plate mail, as well.


Did they give you a hall pass or something?


Yeah! I'll work it into the story!


Oh okay. I do that.


Yeah, it was intentional, guys. We're fine.


I'm sure that experience will come in handy.


Or one of the smaller ones if you want a higher rate of success, maybe.


What color is the half-elf's hair?


Just a minute. I have a question. How many times have you done that?


I didn't get rid of him.


Yeah, I'm down. We've got 40 goliaths with us, this is the best time to attack. No? I'm alone here?


Did he tell us where they found the-- I didn't write this down.


Is our back to him still?


Some are staying away from the tent.


I didn't even need to get out of the boat. You guys just handled it like that.


Huzzah, I say, my Lord.


And you've been working on it for months, and you are smarter than us.


Snuggle Lord, Snuggle Lord.


I mean, if I True Polymorph him, Trinket, I could do a wyvern, or a young white dragon, or-- Is J'mon a brass or bronze?


Love it. Good. 31.


So can we have like a little family pow-wow in maybe one of the rooms before we all tuck in for the night and you put the masking tape over each of our doors so we don't sneak into each other's rooms. High school field trip, yeah?


I kind of like it. I think it looks cool.


Why does everything here hate us?


What are you here for?


What does it sound like?


Before the great war thing?


Mollymauk?


I'll turn to Caleb and say  Listen, this is more your thing than mine, but aren't you at least curious about what this pedestal does?


Burn, burn!


Yes. Yes!


Also the Fireball went off the side of the ship, so the edge of the ship would be burned.


Okay, I'm going to shoot towards where-- is this bad? Oh no! I'm going to shoot towards where all of the heads are joined together.


Check it out! There's a ton of stuff available! It's great. And we've got some really awesome stuff coming up for the holidays, too, so keep that in mind.


Survival check? Which I have advantage on.


Well look, hey, look, all right, fine, look, I won't touch it. But can we like at least figure out what it was doing? Lord Briarwood had it, I asked it a few questions, like if it knew Vecna. And we just got to see it level up a little bit.


Pace yourself, lad. Tell me, why are you in here, Orn Blackfoot?


What's your will, Pike? Your wisdom?


Yeah! It was amazing!


You have a fan.


Yeah. I also built my house!


Pike would have been proud of you, Grog.


Then it'll be hilarious. Roll that die. Come on. Roll high and it will be amazing.


Do we want to leave a spinning black hole of death under the city?


Is there any sign of the pile of gold that Grog started rage-looting?


So whatever that was.


I'll go. All of us?


Thank you for that, that's very kind.


Oh boy! First thing I'm going to do-- So it took its reaction, so does that mean if I run around it it can't take an attack of opportunity on me or is--


Yes, that's exactly-- and Ray-Bans.


In the swamp?


Hide your kids! Hide your wife!


Okay. So who has the necklace? Zsa Zsa? Zsundie?


All of these things that I learned and couldn't be a leader without. Vox Machina makes up me. Zephra makes up me. The Ashari people, and all of greater Exandria. I don't know if I'm the leader that you deserve, or a good leader, but I'm willing to dedicate the rest of my life to doing whatever I can for all of us. As long as Vox Machina stands by my side.


So it's open straight ahead?


Oh yeah, I'm going in. Forget this.


Well hello lady.


Oh, do I.


Getting there.


Yay! Yes!


Vax is at the bottom of the tree.


I could make an image of something ahead of us.


No, no, no. I hold onto his ankles.


While this is going on, I go near Lady Kima and I start humming. I'm going to cast Suggestion on her.


Did he slip into it?


Is he still taking damage?


Arsehole.


I would pop into her office.


Hey, Gail! Where's the beef?


And Shadycreek Run was what area again, did you say?


We don't see where the prisoners are being kept?


Five points.


If we haven't seen anything on land, I'd like to get in the middle and then send him below.


I'm also going to put out there that we all know we're going to go do this because we're desperate for anything to put off the inevitable goodbyes that we were heading towards. So let's distract ourselves for a little bit.


All hail, the conquering heroes!


I drink them.


Some wine.


You guys, I thought our whole thing was that we were taking the book to the sanctuary and then you guys were like, we're going to the sanctuary, because you guys totally gave me shit when I was like, the library, and you were like, not the library, but apparently we are.


Thank you, thank you. That's--


Did the knight have a sword?


Intelligence--


Oh yeah, that hits.


It could be bad.


Take my eyes, not my penis.


Yeah, go say hi at GenCon, woo!


I haven't chosen my fucking rogue ability yet, my rogue proficiency.


And then you can bury it once we're out of the way.


(whispers) Sexy.


Frost-vield. What is wrong with-- Frost-vield.


Well I see you sell a great many things in here, books included. This is just things you've collected throughout your lifetime?


Because you have to read for 48 hours--


All right. Shit.


We can't even hear you anymore. You're miles away.


No, nope, would not know me.


Are you thinking of blessing Grog and Keyleth, or something like that?


Then after I, deliriously tired of scooping up ball bearings, I'm going to stumble back and collapse next to Caleb and also take a short rest.


Caleb, should I go check them out?


Technically, the elves of Syngorn are building an army. However, who knows if they'll actually come through.


I'm not arguing with the DM, I'm calling Clarota a slacker.


Cyclone.


On his knees.


Matt, did we find a bank to break change on the way?


Sure, I'll take a torch.


That will be fine, yeah. Let's go.


So wait, divination, evocation, necromancy.


It's a Hold Person.


The bolt of lightning begins in its tail and works its way up through its spine, slowly but painfully torturing it as it slowly, slowly feels the effect coursing through its evil body.


Lead on.


By the way, I only have advantage on stealth, not on saving throws.


Oh, is this your room? I didn't even realize we were in your house right now. How good to see you again, darling.


Oh, sure, discretion is appreciated.


With my cloak on, so that's an advantage-y thing?


Oh, all right then.


I wander outside, where I'm by myself. Do I see anyone?


It's been a long day.


And you see her every hundred years?


Yeah, big seats!


I can't hear what's going on. I hear some annoyances in the background as I cast Prestidigitation to make my voice louder.


No, I can't wear the circlet, dude.


Should we creep forward a little? What should we do?


Oh, I do? Okay, I will make it a fist attack.


Boaty McBoatface is like an online "name our boat." (all say Boaty McBoatface)


Or we could Tree Stride out?


Oh, hi! Oh, just so terrible!


Yeah. I didn't know they had gauges.


Only if you actually do the interpretive dance.


What were you thinking?! (laughs)


Sí.


Don't worry. It's for a good cause.


You are amazing. Amazing.


Think we just watched someone commit arson, you guys!


There are two others to choose from, here.


You have inspiration.


I'm going to try to get as much platinum and stuff as I can before I walk out.


Oh, yeah, I got it. I have danger sense.


There is no save.


Eight, nine, ten, 11, 17, 19.


I'll take a water.


Part of the system?


Ooh! (taps feet rapidly) Take it! Take it!


Grog, Grog, those might be centurion birds!


Going to swing by the bar, I need a refill. Going to give the bartender my flask, and say: Could you fill this entire thing up?


But it didn't split, right?


It's one time per long rest.


Was I fast enough?


Lyra, they're going to love you.


He is the worst person.


Do we have an arrangement here? A deal?


Oh, I forgot.


Oh, well then I'll stay out and I'll Message you when--


Yeah, there's finally this feeling that we don't need-- at least, for me-- his approval anymore, which is very nice.


Doritos.


Yeah, that's what they call it in some countries. (all laugh)


I lost so hard.


She really was, and is.


Don't worry about us.


Double prizes! Yeah!


He's swole.


Yeah, and about two-thirds of the way through yours, they started on mine, which is just a pair of antlers on the right bicep here.


He kind of looks like kelp --


We all went, "Whoa! Level three!"


Smells like shit in there.


Woot woot!


As we have been of you.


Yeah, they absolutely do. We'll see if we can find them one.


Would you like to use my spiky die?


It's a step in the right direction.


Do it, do it!


You filled that whole thing?!


All right, here's a question  can everybody still fly?


What are you listening for?


So we're not fighting?


No, it's another fucking one! Useless!


But if we keep playing it may have eight, then seven, then six.


Fuck fuck fuck.


Look at her biceps, they're quite large. There's no reason to be afraid of anything. Nevermind.


It's too tight a room?


37?


Right above, next to Beau.


No one goes to Crookedstone.


Does anyone else want to take a short rest?


Getting our own?


That's what they're fucking called? That's some-- man. You need to put a disclaimer on those.


The guy we just killed?


Yes! I'm owed 20 gold!


Little bit, little bit, my friends here were hoping to explore the coast a bit. And if I could put some coin in your pocket, I was wondering if you would mind parting with your vessel here for a little bit.


Beep-beep!


Good, and the second one-- oh, that hits, for sure. That's a 16... 28. Okay, so for the first one, I'm going to unload some Smite into this motherfucker because I know he's undead. That is three, plus eight is 11, plus psychic damage is 17, plus 3d8 because he's undead. So 17 plus eight is 25, 29, 36 for the first attack.


Is there any chance you could tell me how much it might cost?


If he's going to die, we have to leave a marker so we can come back and find where he's been interred.


Not ours. It's those! That's what it looks like.


Don't look at it.


So hammered off this cherry juice, you guys. (laughs)


Like a surrender flag?


I'm going to drop a piece of silver in the center so the next person who comes around and examines this thing finds a piece of silver.


Do we know what kind of creatures are in the icy veil? Could there be ice giants there? Would Vecna want ice giants?


Yeah that's my turn.


But you don't want them to see you, so how will we get in?


Okay, okay, shut up everyone.


Worried you could maybe die?


May I have three of those vials? Just the empty ones.


Oh, this is for me!


These are 1d4s, right?


Herr Bush. Why don't you come back to our camp?


I'm actually great. I'm just in a smoldering meteor and look like a badass.


Frumpkin is not there.


Everyone was bad, including us, and we lived. That's it.


He's awesome.


That's not our way.


Like kicked to death?


Oh, that's right, Doty can't speak. Doty's a machine.


Kerr. You said you were an adventurer several years ago.


Inspo, inspo, inspiration from anywhere?


(disinterested voice) "Yes, very good. Take a lollipop from the bowl and get out." (laughter)


How? You're pinned to a wall!


I feel inv-- I'm speechless.


I wipe the warm breath off of my face.


Oh, no. Basilisks!


You're grappled.


Totally boring?


It's daytime, right?


Whenever we want to.


Like nice loafers?


That's not a compliment, Scanlan.


It's nice mood setting, I like it.


Caleb, fucking me again!


I had no idea, I'll send someone.


We brought you back!


Probably out of the same glass bullshit.


Okay. Should we walk toward the carnival where the zombies were?


So he's come through a second set.


You did very well considering it's after midnight and you got a metal box for free.


(vacuum noises)


No, wait, Luck! I have one last Luck.


That's impressive.


Aw, you guys!


Rich people.


Are there any citizens out right now, or are we alone in the dark?


Tree. A tree? Can you still do a Tree Stride?


Yeah. That's what I got, I guess. Yeah. Sweet.


Wow. And did you make this by yourself?


It's nice having an older brother again.


Yeah! I take it back. It talked to you, then, yeah?


They spit. Maybe acid, probably.


So I do.


You're kind of stealthy aren't you?


No. Is the dragon alive?


I would like to keep my eye out for a decent clothing shop.


Not a ton.


And I try to swim underneath it.


Can I pick her up by the armor and throw her?


I would like to not only remove Kevdak's head, just the upper part, no jaw, just the skull, and I would like to use the bloodaxe to flay the skin around the bear tattoo off.


I don't know-- oh. (laughter)


That's a good idea! Pike, why don't you bless him? Why don't you make him holy?


I invite Nott up to my piggy-back position on my shoulders.


Can we hear this at all?


We're not going to.


Grapple that dick.


Yeah, yes, please.


We should attack them! I string my bow.


While we're figuring this out.


She's going to go take a shit.


Yeah. It's real important.


And then-- I don't have-- Hold on one second, let me just check something really quickly. Okay that's an action, never mind. Okay, I'd like to back up, if I can.


Not anyone in this room, is what he's saying.


Hey, what's up. You want to help us clear some stuff?


I go to the entrance that was blocked and I investigate to see whether or not there's any way we can climb our way through. Focus on the non-vegetative spots and get in.


All right. I won't tell anyone. But I might have to ask some questions about this.


Brother, I am so happy to be alive.


But I have to drop my thing first.


Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, then I'm going to chill out and say: Oh no.


Seven. Getting it all out of my system now.


Would Caleb have flown backwards when he was struck before?


Ooh! That's nothing!


Uh-huh. Yeah, I'll be the barrier.


I'll practice as much as I can, and Percy's going to help me.


I'm not against it. Yeah. Nugget.


Waldok got stabbed? But Waldok's so nice!


I see my sister's struggling.


Thanks for having me.


It goes back in my pocket, and then I go You want to see something cool?


And last but not least, as always, Talks Machina's live on Tuesday nights at 7PM on Twitch, with the illustrious Brian Foster. And don't forget, 'cause I feel like not a lot of people are doing this really, and I see so much, don't forget to submit your gif and fanart of the week to the contest, and use talksmachina@gmail.com to do that. Put it in the subject, be like, 'contest entry', because that helps people who are poring through your emails.


To what?


I just-- okay.


Jarvis. (all laugh)


Nai. Nern. (laughter)


No? Like what if they're super-old but they go by a different name or something?


Very angry.


We both roll, but--?


Chat room!


12 speed - the boots are off. 6, got it. Yeah, got it.


And you. You might be the most annoying person I've ever met in my life. With that, he grabs her around the waist, pulls her in, and plants one right on her. (laughter)


No, I'll take the bracelet off.


We're flanking on the far side.


(chanting) Public school!


I'm just checking. Nah, keep going.


It was one-time.


Ooh, so, if we're going to commit a crime, now would be a good time, huh?


I'm in Jester's room, still, I think. Sleeping on the floor on my bedroll.


A year ago, it was definitely true, but now...


"I'm not going to roll that many dice." Always a good sign.


But he's holding the staff, still?


Oh it's staff. Staff magic. Ten!


This is terrifying and this is proof that we should do it, then.


Well, that's depressing. All right. What building are they currently chained to?


Beau would have taken an automatic death saving fail.


Oh my god. Okay. This is great. All right. I'm eventually probably going to pass out from mild hyperventilation and have to sit down.


Natural four.


It puts the lotion in the basket.


Do you think we should go back in?


Oh, that's great. That's so cute.


In this group?


He doesn't have a reaction, so you can back away now.


Would've been a good incentive for us to destroy the pixies. We can't proceed without destroying the pixies.


It's cool. Ignore that part. Thank you so much. What do you think, a little spice?


Yeah, he updates overnight as long as he's plugged in, right?


Jarett, was there still a control of water going on while you were there?


We're gonna do this.


You know what? Seriously though, thanks Keyleth.


It's like being in Vegas for more than 24 hours. You're like, "No! Not again! I can't do this for a third night in a row! Ugh!"


I will dart at full speed, full dash to get that table.


Do we have an iPad for that?


Did he flip the coin at her?


How have we lived with this idiot?


It's just a mirror. (laughter)


I'm just going to focus and keep pushing it out.


Okay, good, plus nothing. Where the hell do I keep putting my dice? Where's a four? Where's a fucking four? There it is, plus four is ten. I'll unload some poison in it, that's a DC 15.


No. They don't have one.


Oh, you're fine.


It wasn't. Trust us.


(laughter) Okay, she has to fight because she's going to get hit again, and that would be bad for her right now. With her bonus action, she would like to rage. She will take two attacks at the one that she's in melee with.


But if we see him again, maybe a different outcome.


Wait, before, you gotta get to me first, because it will slow you too much.


I didn't think I was going to get one, you guys!


Yeah. I was like  I don't know if this will ever be-- That could work.


I'm just checking. Do you know who stole our money?


Don't, no. Don't. That's not what-- Anyway. (clears throat) I was impressed with you up there. Your skills with the flute are remarkable. I was wondering if I could have a little fun tonight and challenge you to a flute-off! We go up on stage, we ask the audience for suggestions, and we see who can last the longest and blow the hardest. (laughter)


Do I believe him?


I feel terrible.


Is he mansplaining to me?


Well, would I be Pike without rolling shit initiative?


Let's get everything together first.


Perception? That is 24!


Maybe there's a little crack or something.


By the way, we have two unused Ring of Protections that we can trade for things. I have one that I haven't used in months.


In what circumstance would testicle advantage come into play?


Grog, math hard.


What do you wish to know?


Oh, sorry. I drop her.


Okay, that's where I was going. What about a green ring, though? Does he have a green ring?


15? To hide? Okay.


(grunts weakly)


We have been traveling a great distance. We are here to speak, if you don't mind, we have a message for Ophelia Mardun. It can only be heard by her. We have been charged with this message and no funny business. I hope that we could impart our message and be done.


I'm coming in the door. Let's keep going! What?


It takes me to the ground. That takes me to the ground.


We could make stink-bombs with it.


Yes, I am. So well. That's a two.


Well, that would be acrobatics.


Are you going to roll anything?


Our job was to secure the safehouse. We can collapse this and say job done.


The treant eats you.


Yeah, when it appears.


Oh, that is 20.


How did the vision of these islands come to you?


Is 19.


I don't know, I didn't catch it. I got Claudia Sheed.


And Scanlan's in five feet of her?


Right. Natural 20.


And you can do stuff once Slow's cast, you can also do other things once it's rolling.


Oh, hi! You're here.


Hold the ring and wait.


You're talking about a place, an island, a building?


You're right. I should talk to her.


See, how it worked is that he thought that she was really annoying, but really he was attracted to her.


But I have my PDF.


Elevator time.


Zanror-- I think Percy just had an idea, but Vex'ahlia knows a lot about dragons. She might be good to educate the troops. Also, as Grog mentioned, we have people who could be very valuable allies that your people have imprisoned. It would behoove you to release them so that they can join our side. Conversely, any other type of magical enhancements that you can use to arm against acid?


I will still say  Get off of my boat. I cause two points of damage. Oh wait, no! Six points of damage.


He's work for hire.


That's the biggest thing I've ever seen!


The back of the boat would actually be up a bit.


I have the same thing as Laura.


--for cat dander?


Nein! It's like that glass of water in Jurassic Park.


Okay cool. That's awesome. Great. So wait. That's a d8, plus a d4 for lightning. That's a ten. Jesus. Wait. Ten plus ten is 20.


Damn oozes. All right. I'm gonna do something crafty.


Yeah, what did he feast on?


And I get sneak attack because Vax is on him.


I rolled a 27.


(laughs nervously) Yes.


What?!


Oh, it's Vecna?


Action figure Vax'ahlia.


So we're doing this?


Thanks for that! How far away can I get?


Can I do something real quick?


You know this could lead back to make it look suspicious if we go after Lord Sutan if his son was just broken into, right?


Something white.


Pocket bacon! Before we leave, I ask Irena, who's still in the Zone of Truth, are you really interested in Fjord or are you just flirting with him because it makes you some money and stuff?


You can do it again.


What are we supposed to be doing?


Round two.


I don't know where. Are we all staying in the room or do we have a couple of rooms?


12 points healed to you, Fjord.


What if there isn't?


What about a tent? Can I shove a tent in here?


So you've got to get in and out of the basement. That seems to be the conversation then, is getting in and out of the basement. I'm sure, inevitably, you're going to kill a whole bunch of people in the process of that, but as long as you're focused on where you're going and what you're doing, that may help with this wanton violence against Phil, who I'm sure is a terrible person. He shot an owl.


Yeah, you guys, could you guys be in charge of closing up the entrances?


The strangest thing you will see this evening will be us.


He's undead, right?


What gods were you being sacrificed to?


She's beautiful. Who's that?


Not great. Ten.


(laughing) Oh my god.


Yeah, but how far is your connection?


We're heading to Emon so we'll see you there, okay?


Oh, is the food arriving?


Intelligence?


Trying to settle this amicably.


The character of Gail is amazing.


He doesn't look as angry as Professor Thaddeus.


That doesn't have to mean anything more. I know your life, what you like to do and I'll give you freedom.


It is quite lovely.


I'm ducking down to work on the shawm. (laughter)


So this is Assassinate, I have advantage because it hasn't gone yet, and it's a crit because I'm surprising it.


I thought you only learned Gs.


Who's a good swimmer?


I assume he's casting something.


I'm really nervous!


We need to disguise ourselves.


We survived.


Make 10.


As much as we can.


I just shout over and I say, good morning, in Halfling.


I'm gonna back up and get against the wall. Oh wait, that's me!


Yeah, but can still attack.


Like plant stuff or potion stuff?


I was trying to help!


I don't think he caught my presence. I don't think he's necessarily expecting us. We can have the element of surprise, here.


He wants one of those balls to put in his butt.


Hi. Could we get our hair-- yours looks amazing. Could we get some hair braids? Tight and then going down, with some gems and sparkles in it? And same here, on his beard?


Oh god, this is everything I ever wanted!


Why did you run out and destroy nothing? Look what you did. You were giving me crap about the lightning. Don't ever do that again.


But if we should turn in?


Not that many, thank God. 12.


I do business with her, and I go back to the keep.


I can shoot an arrow.


Kylre went bad. Maybe he'd already always been bad, I don't know.


Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm coming downstairs.


But he mentioned Vecna has to be severely damaged--


Let me see how many people I can do.


You seriously need to stop using that one.


Caleb takes the bag and he puts it in Jester's hand, and starts to quietly dance around.


Oh, good. All right.


It's a plan B.


People I knew. A man, he's very dear to me. I don't understand it, but he was-- I was him, and he was holding the sphere. The eye.


Once the first caravan passes the log.


(sighs) Are you better? Good, then let's deal with this. I'm going to start diving around the columns to get away from the wraith.


Here. And I dab her brow off a little.


No big deal.


I have it in the other book!


Then I guess I'm going to--


I murder an old lady. (laughter)


We'll get as close to the stairs as possible.


Is that the end of that? It's fine. (whispering) I've got a flask.


Okay. Well, then.


I want to be like, excuse me, and I-- sorry.


I wanted to be hiding up in a tree.


Let's just see what happens! I'll drink a bunch.


I missed Pike.


Yes, that's right. I guess we should go visit Cleff.


No deal.


Why, yes, we should.


Yeah, that's really confusing. On a fundamental level.


Do not let this little bird girl have booze.


Wait. So did we already tell everyone what we saw?


By the way, this is totally up for grabs, anytime you want. You say something to me and we'll work it out.


Okay. Calm, waters, calm.


Yeah. Oh, I would say you could buy, Scanlan, but you have no money.


Percy. Tinker quietly, please. (Taliesin makes louder noises on Skype) (laughter)


Oh good question. I speak Infernal.


Oh, that does make sense.


It's like 50 feet.


I just thought it would be a nice gesture.


My tail is whipping in happiness.


We could do a little roleplay exercise, like in your stories.


Syphilis is intimidating, though.


I realize something in a panic and I trudge through the water back towards the entrance and I pull out the wire and I put it in my hands and I cast Message and say to Jester: Please, please, please get my books and put them in your bag, please?


I did not roll--


I'm taking an extra one for helping you remember that you're supposed to share.


Yeah, but most of the people in here are dead, right, like they're probably not--


Initiative is an ability?


A crossbow bolt, ready to fire.


Yeah, let's go meet him.


I was hoping to just be-- Because I can't see that far-- to be right here to hit the only guy that could see me on the ground there.


Put up or shut up, Keyleth.


There's imps, spine devils, barbed devils, chain devils, bone devils. There's all these different kinds of devil, and each devil has to answer to a different devil. They answer specifically to the devils that have fealty over them, who in turn are at constant war with the devils who are in fealty to other devils, and archdevils, and greater devils, who in turn all owe their fealty to Asmodeus.


What was it? Deception?


I drop Kash, but very lightly set down Zahra.


I know, it's so exciting. It's so good, it's so pretty, it sounds so good, it plays so good.


I don't have many levels. At level three.


A soggy KFC drumstick.


Oh good, a little Naruto run?


Can you do the chargey thing?


It could’ve made this all go so much better.


Where's Cassandra?


Got some thoughts.


He wanted people to join the military, so no.


Do you maybe want to sparrow across, Keyleth?


It's all over me!


Not Misty Step. Wind Walk.


Matt, this isn't a dragon. They don't get lair actions.


So that's not bad. Let's see.


They're really spread out? How spread out?


We were waiting for you! It’s so weird that we totally missed you, though.


Good. Totally good. As with all good things, comes with a bit of risk.


I drop down. I have, like, really good medicine training.


I can't remember. Did we--


I was on my way down, right when I stuck an axe in the back of a guy's head.


Oh, okay. I'll cast Pass Without a Trace, anyways, so we'll be stealthy going in. So I do that.


Like a WWE cage match.


Oh, well Nott, if I'm allowed to call you that--


He's very drunk. Must be drunk.


Can I use that magical earring that we have?


What do we hit the trammels in with? Our strength?


Fireball. The dragon claw comes out, and this green flame magic coalesces. She flicks out this green orb that fires down, and when it hits it detonates.


Yeah, Clarota was nice!


Goldschlager.


Oh my gosh, you guys, get ready for the fanart.


Okay. And cast Stinking Cloud right there. (Travis laughs) It's gonna smell like just ass over there. (group laughs)


Sure. Sure.


I'm still in cloud form.


Then I'm going to go ahead and-- I hit it, so I can do stunning-- no, I need to hit it twice for stunning strike, right?


It's also a bit of, well, I mean. You guys haven't been hired by any creepy people in dragon masks, have you? You don't know anyone like that?


Is it still in the box? Can you shake the box and make sure there's something still in there?


Along the way, do we see anything that looks like a good alcove or somewhere that would be nice?


VerCatJoel. "You guys are amazing. Thanks for making this week more fun and wanting to help kids."


Give me a claw. I want a claw to wear around my neck.


It's like D&D-light in a board game, and if they like the board game, you can say, "you know, if you like this, we can ratchet up a bit."


Oh no, it breaks free?!


The what? The Mistake?


Pike could go off to get the ocean one herself.


Ooh, yeah!


That's better. 24 to hit.


Oh. Mirror images!


I think what we should do is take the names and descriptions of all of those people and turn them in to the authorities for 50 gold a person. We could make so much money and be heroes in this town as well! Just like we were in the last!


Ten points? 11 points?


I have something worth money.


Do we get knocked back by the jets?


25 men standing around. Don't you think it's going to be a little curious as to why all of the sudden-- all of a sudden? There's a large number of people around, that's never been there before?


What's the name of my dope owl? What's he called?


Is magical ability inversely proportionate to wisdom?


It's a great shirt.


I thought for months, what haven't I got figured out that Scanlan has got figured out? I've been trapped in the mud for months, wondering what I could do to get where you are. Scanlan, you fucking saved the world with us. If your daughter can't see that, then she can't see anything.


You got to get better cultists, man.


Does that make it drop?


Oh, library books, so they're not mine. That's the beauty of a library.


She usually responds with, "We're pirates, and I miss you, and--"


I feel like Percy would like this a lot. We found something that you might enjoy.


He hasn't said anything.


Oh hey, what's going on?


I say-- (silent) Two words, three syllables. (laughter)


(whispers) We're on Pirates of the Caribbean!


Yeah, so I'm just going to make a goading attack, and if I hit, then they come after me. Or she comes after me. I'm pretty sure I don't hit. I don't know why I'm rolling. Sorry, that's a four on my first roll.


So I can see what's up. I saw what it did to my sister, so I'm gonna jump on its back. I'm gonna swivel my daggers around and just stab it in the face.


How are things in my absence?


Thank you for your business. What was that book that you were reading?


Yeah, you might have heard about him. Umbrasyl... (chuckles)


You punched a volcano!


Oh. Um, cool. (Liam laughs)


That's excellent. You're lucky I came along, then. This is going to work out really well.


Yeah. He doesn't know what's going to hit him.


Well, I guess I'm swimming through acid, then.


Wells of knowledge.


Let's not have another Pike, please.


Yeah, just for a little bit, though.


He calls them sachets.


What time is it right now?


Raishan, now that we know you're you, do you have to continue the ruse of being Asum, or can you bring him here?


Heck yeah!


No. She's standing. Or I mean, she's not, but--


Is it attached to his person in some way?


No, we don't know if she's there, we don't know if she's with Vecna.


Tearing me apart, Lisa.


Okay Nott, can you lift that thing up for me?


Sorry, I've got the map, so I'm looking at the mine. Are we still in the dwarven carved out, sort of structure portion of the mine.


What are these assassins?


No, I'm out.


Oh, shit. We should move fast.


Nice! [music]


Did you notice he said thanks for keeping things close to your chest? Are we that transparent?


Did your children draw these, or--


I hope we don't have to fight him.


The back buckled?


Laura?


Yeah. He ordered these. They are cake stands and I was like, oh are these for our wedding cake? And he was like--


Oh, he's so weak!


Yesterday, we were attacked by a group of chromatic dragons. The city is destroyed. There's no simple way to say this, but we're under siege. We were afraid that Whitestone would be destroyed, as well, but it seems that they have passed over you so far, but we fear for many cities' safety. I was hoping that it would be all right if we moved a small number of refugees through to Whitestone for the time being. Less than a hundred, I imagine. These are the first 20-some-odd that we've pulled through.


You said 30 points, right?


We look around for any roof access.


(Breathy) Okay.


We called because our plan worked perfectly, and we were able to fulfill your deal to the letter, as we had always intended.


Maybe you should wait until we come across something.


Yeah. We're going to have to fan.


That's everything I wanted. I'm good.


In Celestial, I'm going to say hello. I'm going to say it out.


Well, look, hey, so I have an idea, right. Someone mentioned that the white dragon is very vain and very savage. He's got like all those wyverns around him. That's a little bit of a bitch for us. We're usually good one dragon on all of us. You got a whole gang, worse for us. So what about if we played to his vanity, and maybe sent him knocking on one of his Conclave brother's doors. Maybe start a little beef that maybe's not there.


No, this is not how this works. This is not how this works. We bank our moments for those moments when life is disappointing.


How many total?


First there was the dinosaurs.


So I didn't hear Bob, right? Did it have a--


Shit! I wanted to talk to Nott!


Oh plus Hunter's Mark damage!


With his own taint.


Not everyone, just a couple of dozen people. And Gilmore.


Cast Fly on this fucker right here, we need to get out of here. We just need to get out the way we came in.


That's 14 points of damage, two points of psychic damage and five points of necrotic. He also has disadvantage on constitution-- checks. And he's pushed ten feet back.


Yeah, they made it through the second grate.


Go! Go. Go, go, go.


Should I put someone out there to confuse them?


19. That's nice.


Two copper, okay, I just got some copper. Here you go.


How much would a band like you cost for a day?


Grog, did this happen last time you went to the Feywild?


Any provisions that we can take? Water, food?


Yo.


There are various--


I'm proficient-- oh, that's good.


You were talking to something out there. What was it? I was very scared. I'm a little man!


It's sort of like a magic candle.


Some capoeira shit?


I really tried to take a tooth, but I figured it'd be better to live.


Oh, do I? Oh sure, two.


Yeah, I think I could.


We're going to do that one and then the other one! We'll say yes to both.


I'm going to climb down the tree.


Yasha got fucked up and does not care about Captain Avantika and will move 40 feet towards Nott and Fjord that direction.


Doesn't it, though?


I pull out my notepad and start sketching.


We're getting two daylight savings times, because we had one in London too. So we get two hours. We should travel the world.


I'm going to make a list of things that I'm going to need. I may have to send them down for more parts of boats from the other boats.


Happy birthday, Deven!


I think we need to go to bed.


Sarenrae's my wingman.


Oh, before they even come up, I'm going to look like the ship's cook, I am not looking aggressive for this. I am putting on a chef's outfit and getting small and human with awful red hair, so, yeah, I'm out.


Thanks, that was--


(snarling, growling, breathing heavily)


No wait, sorry. 16, but that's okay.


I didn't take anything from his pockets.


Yeah, but we ripped out the page saying where to find--


Are goblins reptiles?


We should do that now.


Oktoberfest! It's Oktoberfest, you guys. Wait, do we come in the Ren Faire gear that we own?


24 hours. And you gain the same number of hit points. So don't spend any of your hit dice. We're going to eat our way to health.


Can't do that, no.


Okay, so I'm going to open it an inch and see what I can see.


Gray. Yeah, it was gray. Hold on, I pull it out and look at it. Yeah, it was gray.


Can I look at the stuff?


Then they would be alone out there for like two rounds.


Three. Three nights. Three nights sold out.


One pistol can do a quite a bit. One pistol can go far.


I'm going to put it in my bag.


Do you have any extra? You can pass them to me and I can maybe help.


Uh, I was going to. I wasn't going to go all the way to the other boat, but I can. If you want to go with us.


Well, I mean, it's a big thing.


Are you okay? We're fine? Everything's good?


Well then, let's avoid them. Let's just go around them.


Oh, is it dead?!


They all hit.


So, I guess I will…


We're going to wear the shoes.


I want to wait until right after he passes, and then I want to do some ninja stuff.


If that had been a slightly bigger fuck-up, that would have been-- oh god! Okay.


You at least split his head.


And remember, if anyone looks at you, close one eye. Just be winking. Always be winking. Left eye.


I didn't do anything wrong!


Inside the mansion, I run up to Grog and I say: Cut me! Cut my face, cut my arms, cut me. Right now.


And I trust fall off the back of it.


I don't know that either.


Wait, I feel like a story was starting!


Yeah, done and done. That's good, and I have a good investigation too. That is a 23.


It's Yussa Errennis, right?


Second one is 14.


Are you Tony Robbins? (laughter)


It's a heart condition!


And then one more attack. Oh, yes, and it does 2d6 plus three, which is five plus three. Eight, and it does catch on fire. Then it's going to do another attack, which, I think it fails. It definitely fails.


Son of a fuck. Natural one. My third of the evening.


Are we checking buildings while we're walking through?


That was the coolest thing you've ever done!


Oh, did you make a friend?


We're really good at it!


Uhh. Why you asking, Percy?


Is it good? I haven't read it.


What kind? Just poison?


The attuned gains resistance to psychic damage, in addition they are immune to being paralyzed or petrified and cannot be knocked prone.


I'll follow suit, and be like  Oh, is this what we're doing? Scanlan! What are we doing?


Oh. I dunno who has it. The ring!


Ew, God.


Can I...


Nobody move. You want to send an owl towards that shadow, see if Frumpkin sees what that is?


I get that a lot.


Excuse me, I'm sorry. I'm Lady Keyleth's... friend, and--


Greater Restoration? I'm looking.


A fellow can't smile every once in a while?


And where we're walking, are there shops and stands, as well, or is it residential?


Whoa. Never mind.


Maybe I'm the Traveler.


Did you bust up the ship, or does it come busted up?


Drop down.


Oh, I'm sorry, 2d10.


Because I'm a badass.


I can transport some of us via plants today. I will have to sleep if we want and study to do the Misty Step again.


Did you bite your lip?


Oh. Charming Caleb.


No, but seriously, was he your nanny? It's okay if he was. I just want to know.


Yeah, I don't have an announcement, but I have a bit of a surprise. This is a little bit early, because my sister and I share a birthday on the 28th. However!


How do you know when you have one?


(incredulous sound) (all laugh)


That's pretty bad.


Ten points of cold damage to that particular wispy bastard.


Wait. Before we start flying around, what do we know? When was this last used, this book? 886 years ago or whatever, right? 812 years ago.


I thought we were still stealthed?


I want to do this as my two-handed attack, but for flavor to skin it. I want to stroll up, channeling The Rock. Charge up the elbow. Then we go a People's Elbow. Come right down.


So 60?


But did I see a city in my scry?


Cleric Tristan? Thank you, Cleric Tristan.


We don’t want to deplete all of our funds.


And then we leave. We leave quietly.


I'm sorry, Matt, I'm sorry. I'm going to go in the opposite direction. I don't want to be in this fucking cluster. It's a mess up there. I'm going the opposite direction.


And 23.


I have a very long range.


You really don't look okay. Just for fun, really quickly--


What is he speaking?


Sorry. sorry! It's off. I--


How can I not go (thu-kunk) and not--


We can't attack them like this.


Excuse me just a moment, I'm sorry. Does anyone have a glass bead? Just a glass bead: cheap, doesn't matter.


We didn't have any idea that that was going to happen.


It wouldn't be that bad if I didn't get Counterspelled twice. Fucking fairies.


Did it lose a blade just now?


That is a 16 total.


I would probably have disadvantage if I'm throwing it back through?


Well, I've left. I just haven't left in a while. I've got to come to town sometimes. Get things, get supplies.


She's pixie dust.


Trinket was down there.


You guys want to take a look?


I am good at math, why? What sort of math?


I don't want to put Frumpkin in danger, but could we pretend it was Frumpkin, if he shoots out or something?


Is that where "the Brave" comes from?


We should be sure.


To talk to--


How'd you escape?


Okay. Pike is standing right next to him?


Snap it.


Indeed. What would your name be in this situation?


There's Amazon women singing right now.


16. 16.


We never get to make those!


Can I use Minor Illusion to create a plump little bunny and have it hop out of the grass? But its front leg looks a little lame.


Yah! Yah!


It was a 25 that hit before. What was the first attack that hit?


Persuasion and deception? Persuasion, six. Deception, two.


Did you used to be obnoxious? Because I'm not picking that up.


I feel like it's going to try and suck anybody in right now.


Yeah. Swords in the middle.


Guys, this rug is expensi--


I want it said that this one should die. He has magic. He's too strong. They could set better traps.


I say a prayer of thanks to the horses, who will surely die of starvation.


Just maybe don't have a job that relies on relationships, either.


What were you looking for?


You've got your...


We're looking for one of their family, but we don't know enough to march up there and say, "Hey, we're looking for your daughter." We don't even know if it's a daughter, or a niece or something. I don't know.


1d8 times three per short rest.


No, no, no! I grab his jacket.


Oh I Hunter's Mark him first. Bonus.


Pudding. Pudding.


We need him to fall, like King Kong from the Empire State building.


Wait, does he get, do we get--


Well, somebody's got to ask if anybody has any idea where the entrance to the--


Ah, it's like a day at the beach!


And I wink.


Can I get over there?


Yeah, go do your shit.


Thanks, Jester.


I think we'd just stay perfectly still?


Rah!


I'm going to try to cast-- I can't cast anything anymore. I'm going to try to cast Suggestion on her, and I will say, Stop, collaborate and listen. Because I'm a gnome who's on a mission. Follow me as I kill your husband the lich, and I'll make you my bitch.


A couple months. I mean, I don't think one more day is going to kill us, if we want to go get her. You know. (laughter)


Can I point off in a different direction than Molly’s running, since I look like a hospital clerk nurse?


No. I'm going to come this way, over here, if I can.


Oh, that's the one you pushed off the roof.


Ah, does that-- 15?


(barely audible) I would like to cast Pass Without a Trace. (laughter)


I heard you're supposed to pee on a lemon tree, so.


Dark blue skin, light blue hair? Sure. I'll be opposite.


Oh, that's the happy campsite.


My Dwarven Thrower? It can be single or double-handed. It's not a warhammer. It flies back to my hand, though.


And I agree, we might not be able to wait to get them all before we start taking on dragons. We might want to do both.


Perhaps some sign of agreement to share information with the understanding that you're both working towards the same goals, and maybe it would be better to have two groups doing this instead of one.


But parkour.


Adult dragons are.


The deb chef, the deb chef.


Can I reach the illithid-- it's far?


All right, Scanlan, step back from the door a couple of paces. I'm going to stick a blade through the door.


So I do the Vox Machina crest.


Peek over my shoulder. Do I get a glimpse on who they are?


You're walking in with a dog and a weasel?


That's cocked. Not good. It's 11.


Oh yeah, go for it.


Seeing what it can do.


A giant attacks.


I got a 17 and an 18, that's pretty damn good.


Jeez Louise. Okay.


Yes. I want to back up into the alley.


Just a little bit ahead and see what we can see.


No, no, the other bear. I mean, the other side of the bear.


It's not going to be that bad.


That's good too.


Why you gotta be like that, huh?


Yeah-- (laughs) Keyleth.


My family has quite a reputation there and I live on a vast compound with beautiful orchards and--


Am I at disadvantage now? Still?


How long have you been on the ship?


Oh, okay. I'm going to kick off on my broom and I'm going to fly down to Velora--


No he doesn't. Come on. Come on.


They won't be on there.


Oh no, no no!


We're running it up to you!


Ja, that's good.


I'm from Draconia.


I do. I'm going to change Disguise Self and make myself look like a little beggar human girl, and I'm going to walk.


Oh, it just happens.


I've got my shirt up around my arms. What's up, buddy? (laughter)


We're stealthing over to that tent, by the way.


We're trying to keep a low profile.


All right, second attack is a natural 20.


Yes, so this is the last day to get your copy--


All right. You didn't see them rush out with anybody?


I can do that!


Finish. First.


Yeah, my dragging days are over.


Wait. One second.


All right, well, I also have a morningstar, but this is-- (all laugh)


I walk between them and say, Percy, what are we doing here? That woman deserves everything that is brought upon her, but what are we doing for Whitestone? What are we doing?


It’s coming.


What the fuck, man?


I guess you'll have to do that. What do we do? Do we break it so he can't communicate with the outside? That way when we kill him, he can't call for help.


Yes, but that's only tracks. While we're over there, before I go over to my side, I'm going to try to cover his area with Natural Explorer and try to hide him.


Oh, perception? A total of 32.


Every wall, the kitchen.


Why the pink lipstick, man?


Wait, did we just sink one of the other 17 companies of the archipelago?


It's good, like a druid could do it. It's very impressive.


A little, yeah.


(gasps) But I won. I won. Give it to me. What? Please.


They got a violinist over there! I'm sorry, zey got a violinist over zere, Vater.


Don't fuck me, Gil. Hey, not bad!


Ruby buttons!


You had a lot of meat, didn't you?


I'd like to stop the Starosta before he leaves the room.


Ooh! (cheering)


Not the warm and fuzzy type, are you?


That's good, because that gets me up and I can heal you.


You're going to make us deal with this for a fucking week?


How much damage did you say I just took, though? Because I was busy. 19 points of damage.


I don't--


How you doing there, Grog? And I slap him across the face a few times.


Ooh. 26.


What's happened?


I will spend my third and final 1st-level smite. (sighs) Let's go. Not bad.


In minimal amounts, or full dose?


While you bathe?


Man, I've been doing a lot, lately.


We're friends with the emperor, thank you.


Roll this guy? Okay. Nine?


Eight plus-- Or-- No, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.


No, I'm taking out my last pistol and I'm shooting. I'm just going to shoot. See if I can take two more shots. Technically not; it's two shots.


A head and a half?


He's looking through Frumpkin.


I'm going to give the body a quick search to see if there's anything.


We left without the book, thinking we had the book, and then we lied about not having the book, but we actually didn't have it.


That was my life-stealing dagger, and on a natural 20, I get the ten hit points that I cut from him. Or whatever I get, I guess.


Okay, yeah. I'll do the retaliation.


I'll ride with Caduceus.


There was a lot of assimilation here.


Okay, let's have Pike hold the other one. So Pike, you're the third. And we have to protect our cleric.


What did you guys vote on?


Yasha's a healer, right?


There's a diamond right there.


So yeah, that's pretty good.


And 20.


I was trying to get it in the depression of a rolling hill and just--


Are you haggling with the fabric of time and space?


Maybe they went to sleep?


Do they still look like crownsguard?


I don't know why you were wanted, I don't know what it was about, all I knew is that they were going to take you away and I wasn't going to let that happen and I took some fucking piece of shit and traded him in.


Oh yes, that would be the one I'm expecting. Thank you so much!


Totally, totally.


Just army crawl.


Oh no, we can't hear you.


I think they're going to look at you as a good resource. I think that's what you revealed yourself as.


The timing!


Yeah, while he does the string.


(as Fjord) What's your name? (as Grog) What's your name?!


What? Who? Who is he?


Ladies and gentlemen, it feels so good to be out with all of you beautiful people!


Yeah, they're that full-on--


But this is going to be a long rest?


Oh, fuck. Goddamn it.


What else can you do to imbue it with magic?


Yeah, no. I pissed off this guy. He was there to see my mom. The Traveler was teaching me different spells at the time, you know? I had just started learning about them. So I sort of made myself look like my mother.


The rusty Doty's another knot that you know.


Eyes! Our eyes! On the sword.


We're in a corn field.


There's got to be other ones.


I get down on my hands and elbows.


We're changing out of the winters into the lighter clothing.


Oh, the great leviathan!


Don't say "let's see."


I have six left. That's okay, I have six left.


Lady Kima, allow me to take a peek around the corner, see what's going on. So I'm gonna go stealth.


Equalizing.


I should probably keep myself disguised while we're here, though, just in case.


I can throw a cloth over him or--


Oh. Two. So 16, plus--


So we're going in? Into the giant?


He was so officious.


(raspy singing) What are they feeding you?


That's our starting point, I imagine.


Same peasants, yes.


Aw. Hey hey hey.


He gains four?


I have one more ki point. I can stun it, or I can do Flurry of Blows and try to kill it.


Yeah, I start with my sister.


Then I will focus on that, because I'm interested in that.


Was there anything good about your upbringing? Any positive points?


What, that's just the first dagger?!


Can I Spider-Man from tree to tree like the werewolves did using the wings a little bit?


The house.


And then I'm going to make sure that I look the wizard in the eye, and I'm going to yell to him: You're not leaving here alive! You're going to die. As I reload. Well, I can't reload yet, but I'll reload in a second.


No, 19 points total between the two.


Sure. Yep.


I'll be up here. If I see anything suspicious, I'm going to Message you.


I got a high stealth right beforehand, so am I hidden at the moment?


We're going to fight off a million monsters to heal a tree, and then we're going to say, "Okay. Bring out the sun," or something.


From Progressive Flo? All the flow of the-- you know what, never mind.


If it's available for a swing, I'll try for a swing.


With advantage. Oh, that's good. 28.


Yeah, if I can, and then I'll bonus action to hide. Press myself up against a wall or something.


Your real name.


Do you see it?


There's seven gold left. Here's three gold for you.


You could have made any of us look like not--


I don't know what to do either, dear. I think it's a matter of... Forgive.


Ah, damn it.


That means a lot, coming from you, because I think you're just the coolest. I'm sorry if I ever put you or your brother in harm's way. Or anyone else.


And if you make it in, you're in a death box.


What happened to you on that boat?


Coup de grace.


I don't give it to her, but I pull the tapestry off of the skull and show it to her.


Who is that guy and what is email?


I have a healing potion, I'll put it in Caleb's mouth.


I'm gonna do it at-- Oh, everything within five feet, and Keyleth is in five feet.


What about besides your mother's place of employment? Do you know, are there other things to see?


We're a close-knit family.


Cup of Truth? (laughter)


Like what? Oh, like what?


Nice sack.


I have a horrible thought. If we move him, will the dragon know we were here?


Stoneskin.


Fuck it. I summon the sword, I run over, and I shove it into his chest.


That this was going to be bad. Sorry, guys. Sorry.


Ow, my ears popped.


(whispers) Should I do it again?


He's dead! Right before the end of the story!


Nope. I have some poison.


Towards the light.


No, don't say that.


All right, so dagger-dagger-dagger. Okay. That's 26 to hit for the dagger?


That seems most unfortunate.


Yeah, this is too simplistic, it could be both.


Maybe we just risk it.


I should've done that in the first place.


Like I taught you!


(whispering) A person. He's just standing there.


This is politics, you're not supposed to like them.


Ah. I'm less of a performer and more of an intermediary for these parts. I do on occasion perform. I can read fortunes--


Do you have any potions of strength or any ability potions?


I'm going to tie the fucking rope around your waist before you do that.


He misses.


I take the keys. We've got two to choose from?


Yeah, they look like it.


Yeah, the more that we can show the people upstairs that people do like our stuff and our content, the more you will get. So please go check it out if you have not yet. It helps.


I have to ask you, as a DM, can my cat see in the dark?


Are any items allowed in the bowl, or do you have to go in bare-handed?


He had a tiger head?


Fuck! Come on.


Why did you wake me up? I was so comfy being furry! (laughter)


Hopefully taking some of the stalks, pinning it to his body?


I'm casting Pass Without a Trace. How long does it last?


Aberration in the center?


Once the mansion is built, does it stay built? It rebuilds every time?


You were so great, so confident, so much great roleplaying. Amazing.


I was hoping that once I'd finished serving revenge that perhaps I could serve repentance.


That's not true, this is your home! It's where you're from.


I think we have to pick a terrible idea and stick with it until it becomes far too much for us to deal with.


Where they're vulnerable, where they make the acid, where they have lungs, where they have stomachs, how many stomachs? Are they like a cow with eight stomachs or something?


Stop it. Just go! What are you doing?


Do I get an advantage?


All right, sure, I feel inspired again. I'll take a swig.


A strength check!


You are.


What did they do in there? We don't know, still.


Wait, where's the necklace? Is it on Algar or is it--


Praying to Sarenrae?


The little bastard in the library at Krieg's house.


Is Bouldergut still alive?


No. I'll stay there.


Okay. Are either of those two gnolls over there damaged?


No, there's-- no. You feel okay?


Alliteracy.


Except we have two twos, and no three?


120 feet. Can you hear me? Reply to this message.


Day one. She had that shit like that. She knew she wanted a pet bear.


This is everything I wanted.


To my mama.


Okay, I'll walk over there, then.


It's like the snake people on the other island.


Conversely, you were a part of that lot once. And you came out of it.


Oh, no, you did what you had to do! I needed to be with the group, otherwise I would've been stranded there alone, and that wouldn't have been good. Next time, you can just tell me, though.


Does everything look like hitting on people to you, Scanlan?


I did. I think. I heard music. I heard Pike.


I didn't know you spoke this language.


Ooh! I do! And I pull out an empty bottle.


No, look. We've got to talk to them anyway, right? We're not going to run.


It holds a lot of things!


It rolled a 21 on its attack.


No, not enough.


It's mostly ridiculous conversation through this whole thing.


I was about to say, we don't have her iPad.


I'll use six of my seven.


Like war drums, yeah.


I'm a very stringent businessman. Do hurry before I change my mind.


We could just walk in and pretend to be a worker and just grab a bucket.


He's going to drink the whole cask.


By the way, I take one of the earrings from Scanlan and give it to Grog. So Grog, now you've got one of the--


It's 3am! Why are we awake?


Oh, they were casting an attack. Well, I don't know what they were casting.


Yeah, but what are we--


Oh, can you not see? You're far away.


There are six barrels. One is empty.


Set up a situation where we can monitor you and possibly contact you when it's time, and even let you know if we think the dragon's about to leave, so that you can prepare.


Maybe the crew turned on their captain and killed him on the docks and fled with his ship, ja.


No, a bunch of people are on the carpet.


And how many more days?


He-- no, no, no, I gave them back to Ashley!


Do you want to hand me that-- Oh, you already got tape, you're prepared.


Grog, are you feeling all right?


Complicated feelings.


Percy, help me understand, since you've read so much about this.


Don't know anything about it. Seriously.


Don't kill them, Grog!


The Who. It’s going to be great.


They can be strange, but they are good.


I'm low.


Okay. So what do I take?


I was holding your hand the whole time.


It's quickly becoming canon that you just have shit smeared all over you. You could travel with me! I could be your daughter.


Does he have to eat?


I've got one.


(British accent) Look, I don't know if you can see it, but it's a goldfish with little dice trailing behind, and then there's a special little treat at the bottom that says, "It's fine, we're gods."


Shit. I'm going to pull one over on her one of these days. Can you make things look like they're gold?


Are they just the stupidest goliaths, that they're all clumping together again?


Do you have a fever?


I've been hoping to learn how to make healing potions, actually, in general. Just start to kind of break in that, uh--


Okay. Oh god, I've lost count.


We really should have. Maybe we could ask the sword.


All right, I will use some gigantic spell for no reason.


I have to wait for my turn.


We got seven days. I can make you look like anything. I can talk to the right people and get you the right paperwork and you can be anyone and no one will know a fucking difference.


(as Jester) "It's pretty great." When someone like Yasha hits a baddie with this, you can dispel any magical property that is present. Yeah? Or without attacking, you can hold the sword up and do the same.


So Kashaw. If you're the only one who knows about this goddess, that means she also killed your parents?


Unless if it hits Ripley, does she defuse it?


Yes! Thank you.


Yes, that is a thing.


I could have left.


Let's have a meat pie. (laughter)


Now it looks like she's pregnant!


I look at Keyleth and I go--


And terrified.


Take another look at the thing downstairs.


You know, you can speak English, you don't have to--


I could make a distraction. Nott, Beau, are y'all fast, quick, and quiet?


I'm hiding behind--


It gives me-- oh. Which I already have. Okay, 16. Oh sorry. 15.


Does somebody appear?


Wait, it had runes on it as well. Do they look similar to the runes that were on Greg-- Grog's sword?


Is that where he's at?


I've been very conservative with what I've been doing for a reason.


Or, we can murder everyone on the boat! [laughter]


I feel this has been very helpful.


The garden feeds the warden?


"Lobey, no!"


Oh, jeez, that wasn't great.


Unnecessary bodyguard. (laughter)


Full sprint.


I am not having a happy time. 11 points?


I think we went-- we may have--


I think so, I mean, I've never tried them, but--


Fjord! There's a celebration going outside!


I want to keep an eye-- I'm keeping an eye out for any kind of questionable behavior.


Oh, shit. So he's going to know even, like, he's going to know Trinket's not a fucking-- Is that seen on truesight? Oh, no, he's actually that animal. So he'd have to know.


I can. I'm going to do Poison Spray, though. Where am I right now?


The wizard magic is like Broadway musicals?


I look over at Caleb and say; No big deal, right?


Well, there you are, and here's my--


What do you do, sir?


What was your name, again?


32 on the first.


The fourth wall lies!


I gave him a list.


Make us all white Ravenites.


One more, that's good.


Yeah. Is it better near the front, or in the back?


I will always give you that shit. Don't forget.


I think so. (all laugh)


I glare at Vax and I lay down to go to sleep.


I think she got outta here, pal.


Am I in melee range of Protto?


Always get it confused. Every fucking time.


We'll teleport to the outside of the city and perhaps sleep at the temple of Sarenrae.


Grog's been fighting for a long time, he needs rest. Let's go!


That's some reincorporation right here.


We can go check Water Closet I guess?


God damn it, Wheaton.


Oh, god, I am. As soon as we're done here, I go home and pack and get on an airplane. I will be at Amazing Comic Con in Vegas all weekend.


Yeah. Let's get our own Sea Org and we'll give out ranks.


I make my way to the top of the stairs.


I don't know, maybe she made a deal similar to the deals we've made, but with Vecna.


Kill him! (laughter)


That's weird. You said you never forget it.


For my bonus action, can I take a potion. Is that bonus-able action?


No, I'm going to throw fucking daggers at this guy!


Green and a black.


You're an expert marksman, you know. Within 100 feet? Yeah, how about this? Why don't you shoot an arrow right now, outside the cave, same strength, and see how far it goes?


Regular potion, regular potion.


Let's heal.


For the healers-- The clerics to finish their council.


What about that cloak?


He's got gloves on him, don't touch it.


Or he can pick a lock.


No pants.


Well, maybe she believes it, I don't know.


Did you die?!


A Vest of Several Items now.


Well, it's funny. I'm actually from this city, but I was in Emon, and I was studying. I'm a wizard. You know, the wizardly arts.


We just need to rest.


Okay. Oh, that's 26 to hit.


But we would sure hear them, if they were--


It's in front?


That thing that I was bugging you about?


Hi, Laura!


Okay, yeah. Start sneak attack from behind. 32 for the first attack.


You and I.


What about the fight before that?


In the Ozmit Sea.


Chick-a-chick ah!


I think a lot.


Wait, no, I’m trying to understand the scene here. I thought they were looking at him.


We seem to keep finding these. I am going to examine this thing.


Your money is gone? Is my money still on me?


I'm okay as well. You want one, Grog?


Now we come to the next word. N-E-I-N.


I could kick the shit out of Nott in the face, and then like--


That's the first gold I've had in ages.


Climb up on the bookshelf with me!


If your finger gets cut off I'm going to--


He'll get used to that.


Shut up! Your mother's going to kill us both. (sighs) Two! Two here, and a water for him.


Might be a first.


Oh. I rolled a two. So nine.


Teach your people of him, your offspring, that he was a brave dragonborn that wanted to unify all of your peoples.


Bah! I think I'm-- (laughter)


I think I know somebody who could really enjoy this, and I'll hold on to it for a friend.


We should probably get a table as soon as possible. Where's the backstage door? Where do I get to my mom?


I think they're really depressed, dear.


We have the bumper sticker, we have the hats, we have the t-shirts, and we have a pin, which is going to come back in the store. It's not in the store just at this moment, but it will be back.


Seven.


He's totally surrounded, pretty much, right?


Right on the edge, looking down.


It's a lot of steps. I can see why you're in such good shape, Grandmother.


Also, no one forget that we have Heroes' Feast.


I'm going to rifle through the robes of red robe.


I'm just saying!


These dice are wrong and bad dice and they should be put away forever.


That's debatable.


People are saying to make them longer.


This shit is amazing.


Yes. You did.


Okay. Well then, I shoot the wings out immediately.


He's like a delightful Creole dish.


Oh, that sucks.


I'm out. I'm unconscious.


Oh, Stronghammer.


Are they resistant to water and heat?


How's Cassandra looking next to me?


Hmm. Nothing at all. All right.


How about just the head?


Wait, do I get advantage? No, I don't know.


Let's go there!


(groans in relief) Oh my god!


I don't know. On official letters, do you kiss them with lipstick? Do you put a little perfume on it? What do you do?


Well, I'm not going to try that any more. If I drop form, is that my whole round?


Clever gnome.


I recast it! It's okay. I recast it.


And we start a children's band.


With great honesty I can tell you that I've never eaten a child.


(shouting) - but I'm going to do it! (all laugh)


If you come to a road and there's trees along it, your dander goes up. You're on guard.


It's getting dark. I think we should camp.


Lyra, does he have access to horses?


I think we'll keep them and we'll sell them to other vendors, then.


All right, I shoot an arrow! Not directly at him, but pretty close to him.


I can't let Ash's character die. Awesome, 16.


Oh yeah, I hear everything.


I position myself about seven feet away from them.


We need to trap the dragon obviously on the ground.


They played arm punch until one caved.


Okay, great. Bye-bye. Thanks again for giving me a chance.


Somebody turned into a zombie and then--


I'm going to send my duplicate backwards a few steps and hold out her hand and hope that she touches him.


Stop talking to me, Caleb.


I have, let me see here, three potions of greater healing, and three regular potions of healing.


I was being facetious; I didn't see it. I'm so comforted that it's on your wrist right now.


Right. You will not sell that back to me, for sure.


Grog! I don't know what to fucking do right now!


Why don't we roll for-- Why don't we flip a coin for it?


Oh no, it's going to get Keyleth.


Can be both?


Being me. I think I was probably stealing some food or something.


I'll do Counterspell at level six.


Against his strength, I guess. Ah, 20.


Jaunty!


Reload, fire again. That also hits.


How about towards the ceiling above the frost worm?


All right, we can go talk to the ogre.


We could turn around and try to go to the-- Where was the wharfmaster? The dwarf. Ingus?


We're still alive?


No, plus inspiration was 31!


I am going to cast Magic Missile at level three because he's got my little friend.


All right, that's fair. That was fine. Just for fun, then, let's take one more shot and see what happens. That's a natural 20.


And some Cold Stone. I want to try it on some ice cream with peanut butter. (laughter)


Stall for me.


That's 20, 30.


Yeah, get the king. You may be able to kill him. He's on his last legs, probably.


I've got a seven Matt.


(sad trombone sound)


I could leave whenever I want, sure.


Ah, that was a good nap!


That's not a good idea.


That's fair. He's doing very well.


Yeah. I get that a lot.


We'll get up there and drop a rope.


Yeah. I'm just going to be obvious.


Everyone listen up. There's two of them and they're walking away from us down a hall. They don't see us yet.


Can I dip down and grab a bit of it and do a nature check on it? Is it ash?


Yeah, pickled herring, and I've been grabbing stuff as we walk through.


Yeah. You know.


Have you read about the Water Ashari and the Ashari people?


We can also bring the food into the mansion and let the help cook it.


I have so many dice. Take this giant bag and just fish some out.


The one who's got all that black. The really powerful one.


If we see something--


Ten, 16, 16 times two is 32. 39, that's 39 points of damage. Number three! Oh, it gets worse. I'm going to die. Okay, I can do better than that. No, he can't. 22.


You just killed, dude.


While we're watching.


He fucking dead.


I don't want to touch it. I'm going to use my fabric and try to get it out, like a cloth or something.


Keg is... in love? It's gone past just arousal. Can I reach Lorenzo from the table?


We have the amazing Scanlan concert tee.


Life.


I was going to make a running, yeah. I was not willing to, yeah. I was not going to walk.


Sacred Flame is a dexterity saving throw.


Is there like a-- never mind.


You got your dice?


As it strikes and maybe looks down to see where I got it, I'll bonus action hide behind the pillar. Okay. Ooh! 29 to hide.


Pike, her generosity and her authenticity, always true to herself. And even Tary. Taryon Darrington, whose blind faith in Vox Machina and perseverance, trusted us even though he probably shouldn't have.


Yeah. So it's acid resistance.


Higher than sixth level? The spell.


We'll just say leeward and windward. Starboard.


Knock her the fuck out!


I'm also going to-- Can I also use my boots of spider walking to see if I can crawl off the street a little bit and see if I can--


Maybe. Okay.


There you go. (laughter)


To the side, I'm just gonna step to the side. Yeah.


It is such a different world.


Yeah. Yeah, no, I think Fjord would agree with that.


I was running up the wall. I didn't make it in time?


C'mon, Kiki!


Like, melee?


Tiny. Heal Tiny.


And you seem okay.


That is the question, do we stop in first or do we go straight to --


We knew we were going to the blacksmith.


With your heavy armor.


Does snow get thrown up to the wind?


Jester has some self-deprecation issues? That is going to be 16 to hit.


Is it a guy in like a Costco T-shirt?


Pure muscle.


Truly, truly.


He does things!


I've never been here.


If she gets petrified while she's pissing, it's going to be--


Quadroads, of course.


Visual on that as well? Okay, got it, never mind. It's not his turn yet, wow. Okay, I'm going to use my bonus action to disengage. I can move five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. And I'm going to get the fuck out of here. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, there. And that's it, I'm fucking blind and I ran because I can't see shit. Done.


I wrote "Rod Barn."


He thinks we're with the empire.


They've just had this shit in a Tupperware container, like in those big bins in the back for the last five years with like duct-tape lids.


Shall we go to Vasselheim?


Do I spot that?


Yeah, attack again.


Yeah. We make a run for it and then collapse the tunnel. Because the other two tunnels are going to see us once we get in the middle.


Grog's about to lose ten percent of his hit points.


(caw)


Oh, okay. Cool.


Oh, god. Ugh. All right, thank you. Thank you.


I would be okay with that.


Okay, so I'm going to go a little bit closer to-- wait, how many more are left? Just the other one? Yeah, so I'll get ready for the other one. So a little bit closer to it.


I scream out, yeah, Jester!


That'll do. 15 points of damage plus five psychic.


Yes, Grog?


27 to hit. I'm not going to drop anything into it, I'm just going to hit him. That's nine points of damage plus two psychic damage.


Yes. By foot is how we should proceed.


Enjoy our butt shots, everybody.


Yeah, no he ain't.


We told him we were gonna go see Hotis and defeat him in the Nine Hells, and we wanted to make sure he lived.


Is he holding any equipment or weapons?


Clarota, are we planning on going to your village before we go see K'Varn, or are we going after K'Varn first? I'm confused.


So your business is your business. Just... both eyes open, yeah?


I would do it, but--


We get advantage, right?


I don't think so, but what do I know?


Sweet. That's seven. 14 plus eight is 22, 24, plus lightning damage. 24 plus five is 29 damage with a regular arrow.


Grog smash!


Let the expert.


Honestly, if you would've led with daddy issues, we probably would've trusted you.


What do great eagles have? Giant eagles, I think, have really fast speed too.


Kord.


Fassbender was bigger, right?


Large.


Listen, this could all appear like the Knights turned on the High-Richter. I thought we wanted to get rid of Lord Sutan?


How bad are the terms that you're on with these people?


I imagine Scanlan dropping that last potion as it's coming down.


Natural 20. And I don't even need to roll again.


Before we do this, can we have a ten-minute discussion about whether or not to--


Okay, sneak attack damage. Is this a surprise because he didn't know it was coming?


Okay, let's go to the Barn Broad.


It would've been so cool, though.


We couldn't have this happen in the Nine Hells.


Oh. Right, yeah. Good point.


For an hour.


Ja. I cast Knock on the door.


12 points of bludgeoning damage. And can I burn a bonus action, am I okay, or--


They're magical rivers.


I'll stick with you.


Let's see, what else.


On fire damage.


All right. We fight until we absolutely can't fight anymore.


No, through Grog. I have telekinesis, so can I speak to one of them?


Right in the middle of these three islands?


That didn't happen.


I have advantage on those. 14.


Do you think there will come a day that these people can seize freedom for themselves against their oppressors?


You should go to the coast. You should get out of the empire.


But I wouldn't-- yeah.


I take 1d10 fire damage, right?


I don't feel like I want to.


I know a place where we can get horses, as well.


So that hits. Uncanny Dodge?


Okay. 30. So 15.


Okay, I'm casting.


No, experimentees.


For a switch.


I'm gonna perception check the whole room to see--


Oh, dear god. That's a good question.


Did you want to drink it?


Mm. Caduceus Clay. Sit.


Trinket's a boy.


They're used d20s.


I didn't know! I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I didn't know.


Oh, is Tiberius puking? Oh...


Yeah, white noise.


There, now we can!


Buzz.


Oh, yeah! Dres Vina's--


We need something.


Let's get out of this little taco in case that was the daughter of something else.


All right. How much to get both of them out?


That’s good, that’s good.


I think we just keep it in the Bag of Holding, she'll never suspect.


Hey, is green your favorite color or something?


We'll each take a ring.


All right. I'm going to peek out behind whatever patron I'm next to, take out my little crossbow and just shoot a little shot.


Wait, can we show someone that's here that's really cool?


All the time. Covered in blood.


I think we only have the one food that you've been creating on the ship.


Cool. All right.


That was my question. Yes, but we came here willingly--


No... Yes, I am.


Have you heard?


We look fabulous.


What happened? What's going on? Where are we? Who am I? What happened? What's going on?


Did she wear a hat? Like a pointy one?


65. Oh, 65? (laughter) Shit.


Yeah, because I volunteer.


I wasn't sure if I could trust you, but seeing as how I saw what you went through, I could use a little help too.


How far is the nest away?


He didn't want to come on my show, Siggle Boost.


We finish our drinks. Keep an eye on the door, see if that strange dwarf-like creature shows up.


No, we're still trying to get to people here. Our options are we press forward to something worse, or we backtrack and try the other direction, or we get out of here.


I just have a bad feeling. This horn can't make it back up to the surface. You guys have to promise me that.


As we walk along to the Pillow Trove, when we walk by the flowery bushes, I slowly pop all the blossoms off the flowers as I go.


Just where his right arm is. Just so he's got escorts on each end. May I smash together my Titanstone Knuckles?


Also, might I remind--


Or Owl Boy.


Eh. I don't. I let it sink back into the water.


Ohh-- (shuddering noise)


Are you reading these things out loud?


Have we been here yet?


(whispered) Has it been more than ten minutes since the fight?


She's been collecting all those flowers.


We pretty much know all of it, so.


I use Mage Hand. I knock on the door.


Wait, no, 13. Sorry, my math is wonky today. That doesn't hit, does it?


Yes! (Overlord theme)


Percival, you're looking very attractive today.


I mean, yeah. I set fire to him for you, bud!


Keeping him happy is pertinent. I can make this myself, it's just very difficult.


He doesn't smell as moldy after a year.


Yeah, if you look like you--


All right, I get on my broom and fly after him, like a loser.


Oh yeah, why exactly aren't you allowed back home?


Have we all walked into the store?


Nott, Nott, that's fine. That's fine. She won my two silver pieces. We'll just leave it at that.


And what does Violet say? We're going to put the kick-ass back in team. Something like that?


They just have advantage on perception checks.


Are we seriously considering bringing the ship right back to Nicodranas?


I didn't have those.


Vax starts feeling along one side of the wall. Does the ground look firm and more stable on the edges? Or is it all just the same?


Do you want to hold onto my back?


Okay. We have oil. Right?


Feels like a month.


Six damage; I'm going to stun him.


I've got to get in the habit of saying it.


Thank you, Lord Thunderclap.


I think I've read it says you keep the same intellect, though, right?


So generous.


We beat the bad guy! It's fine, it's all fine.


Oh god. Wait, can I just ask, because we had three days and I didn't check on it, I had that jewelry box that we stole from the Tylieri house?


And I figured you’ve got this.


I heard Grog. I'm going to follow out the door, go stealth.


I'm almost about to squeak three times but I'm going to hold it together. I want to get out now.


How's everyone-- is everyone alive right now?


All of This and That!


Oi. So I'm in a beast. As we all know, intestines are my favoured terrain-- (laughter)


Manly words. Mirror image. I got nuts. (laughter)


I'm not going to step out of the doorway. I'm going to step in. I'm in the doorway still.


Got it. I thank him in my mind.


Does it involve healing the tree?


Sam already said it.


Yes, I do. I had a terrible night last night.


There are no options. Not to save our friends! I'm way out of range.


Can I do a check to see if I can tell what Lockheed has? What kind of disease?


That mustache is getting very iffy.


Does it look like Frumpkin could make it through that window?


Should we get out of here, I guess.


Single eye, huh?


He's a squib! Squibs can't do magic.


Did you say that there was mushrooms? A mushroom forest, a fungus?


Lost them?


What if we just took a seven-hour nap? (all laugh)


We're workshopping a bit.


I could rest and learn mist, and we can mist across. That was what I was going to say.


It's Stan Lee.


Maybe our tortle friend here can leave a little note in your stead, says that you're moving on.


Yeah we are.


Should we go spy on his house, and see if there are crownsguard in it?


Let's not bring it up again. I love your hair.


Use your magic, you strange flayer, you.


Yeah, I know it's for killing people, but does it do something? To do something. Summon things, make a god happy...


Are you allowed to leave? How does this work, exactly?


Okay. So that's 11 plus five, so 16?


Grog, you want to bunk up?


Change his alignment!


Yeah, so many will-o'-wisps. Did you know you just have to break a vase and you kill a will-o'-wisp?


I doubled the dice for the hit, that was 2d6 before-- so that's for the hit-- but I get 8d6 on my sneak?


37.


Vax and I are still getting something out of there.


I don't know if that's allowed, but I know we've done that in the past.


Against my DC?


d4, you already hit. Just the d4.


Would you be able to cloud the gnomes too, though?


Sherri. If I may. What Keyleth was trying to say was that she never got a chance to go to college, and that she wanted to get that university experience.


I've got the big gun out.


Right, but we can only either spread the word that we're going to resist or spread the word that it's about time to fight. We can only do one or the other.


She's a baroness.


Oh, thank you. Lets back it down to nine.


We're coming upon the area, right?


Oh my god. Are you fucking kidding me? What the hell, man?


A chunnel?


Ancient black dragon.


Good news, guys! We're not going to drown.


I stand up and scan the area.


Okay, and I will just stay pressed against the wall and that is the end of my turn.


(whispers) That's for the people of Westruun!


We can see your piece of paper on the screen. Still see it.


What do we roll for? (laughter)


Five points of lost air.


That'll be nice!


(gasps) It does! We can stop by Hupperdook!


And new items. New items on sale right now.


We should probably clump together.


What creatures are you speaking of now? Is this something--


Yeah, just do it.


I have to heal myself, somehow. I have to, or I'm just not going to be around for a while.


Well, should I just smash it?


--of two...what?


You can do that too? Quick, do a nightingale.


You even lift, bro? Come at me, bro. Got the John Cena going on.


Guys. This is an RPG, not a JRPG. (laughter)


I do pretty much nothing. And I'm going to hold my turn until he appears.


To gracious hosts.


Because it's a dope-ass name. Oh, that's better. 18!


It finds things with magical essences.


Goddamn it. The other one misses, too.


What are you holding?


I know, right. Vex hasn't had a lot of experience with ships, you know.


Yeah, well, I'm exhausted.


Minus two.


Can I pick him up by his ankles and schoolyard bully-style shake him out from his feet, upside-down?


Wait, let him keep explaining things first.


I throw some dead pigeon or seagull in the air.


Well, yes. I know. I know that. But my experience with Trickfoots has always been pleasant.


Indeed. Such a mighty display on the way back, I feel like I would be left wanting if I didn't try and pursue the same sort of glory.


Yeah, these squishy spiders.


And got in trouble, and were sent off to boarding school?


Into the corner.


If we straight kill him, that's no good?


Oh, yeah. I'll go a little ways ahead.


I feel like I would've taken note of it. I don't necessarily know I would've commented on it, but I would've noted it.


Kaitiaki!


But you're making some, with the bakery.


Whenever possible.


Lord Scanlan of the Shorthalts.


Nope. There was no ruby.


Guys, I'm thinking this might be a cult?


I'll help you.


Maybe signed by Kit.


And the second one goes bink. That is a ten.


It's okay. I'm good.


It's the orange blanket wrap. Grog.


We're being careful.


I would like to try and break the grapple.


You could heal him and curry favor with him.


The chat room gets it, don't you?


Right, awesome. I'm going to kind of motion towards the mind flayer, and give a telepathic wink.


I don't think it's safe to leave tonight.


What time is your call in the morning?


Well, at least we know this beach is secure. We should go out in the front and seal this up for the night.


(sings) Natural 20! On an insight check.


Oh man, Vax is just--


Scanlan, can you read the arcane runes on his sword? Do you know what this enchantment is?


I can also grab him out next turn. I don't know.


Oh, I look like a full-size Percy?


I'm wet. That was a really cold lake.


I love this game!


Now you know our pain.


That's an athletics check, right?


Yay, blink belt.


That could've happened?


Yeah, what are you doing?


(laughing) Yes, yes, yeah.


Can you kind of give me a rough idea? Do they go to the other side of the world? Can you stretch all over the world?


Get going.


If there's doubt, then I can't do it. All right, I still run at it.


We're going to be fine.


I'm going to use my action to Toll the Dead!


I'm going to try to locate his dangly earring.


Did I say it right? Protector, not protection? Protector is right!


I have to roll the two dice.


She cast it on me, too?


I give him a kiss on the cheek.


I'm going to go back, because if they see me, then they'll know something's fishy.


Have you been hot on our heels this whole time to keep pace with us?


Over to this side so I can get a good vantage point on that one that thinks it's hiding right over there. I use my bonus action to cast Hex on him.


But if I hit the wave it'll hit them.


How would they find the kids?


Doty only listens to me. If you had some sort of a pet, you would understand.


Goo is rarely good. We should continue on to find out.


(screaming) (laughter)


It lasts for 24 hours.


Sure, but it couldn't be dispelled with magic.


I suspect everyone now.


But definitely go check that out because--


(stammers) Can you be more specific? Like, do we go left, or right, or... specific.


Don't you need some Grog?


(whispers) Come on.


Thank god, because I don't have any more.


After a while.


I'm laying on top of Lady Briarwood right now.


Wait, DM, where am I with Gilmore?


