Aes is fine, Aes is fine.


Okay. We're in a hurry, right? I'm not going to go search for stuff.


Do we see her?


Okay. Where's the castle? Is it on the top of the--


Yeah, they slither.


I knew you would.


Would you tell her that a very refined gentleman from the south would like to pass his regards to her.


I don't know, can I tell it's lead-- I mean, iron, not lead?


Fuck it, I'm going to try sharpshooter. And that's 14, 15, 21 to hit?


Rider?


Okay. So that's 12 for him.


Can I roll?


Let's leave this decision up to Grog.


A lot of damage. Come on.


Oh, I forgot about that. I thought you were coming on to me.


Hey, guys, so remember the farmer? Outside, and then he turned into a scarecrow?


Yeah, but she doesn't use those. These are all active for tonight!


#AskTalksMachina.


Can I go find Vanessa?


Yes! Yes!


But you weren't raging yet.


Or you could attack at the same time.


This takes two seconds to go down. I looked it up. 80 feet is two seconds.


You're the DM now.


News from the front! This is Nigel J. Creamhutch reporting from BBC London. March 23, 1944 may be a turning point in WWII as PM Churchill announces a new weapon in the fight against those devilish Nazis. They're calling it Quidd, a new app where you can collect stickers, cards and Funko figures on your telephone device. Our lads on the frontlines are already using it! We spoke with Lieutenant Neville Bingham of the Royal Navy. Right, yeah, Quidd's this free app available on the Apple App Store and Google Play, and it's helping us drive Hitler back to Berlin. But it's not just our Tommies. The Reds have discovered Quidd as well! We spoke with tank commander Ivan Bashenko. With Quidd, Russian army is strongest in world. Morale better now with thousands of stickers to collect that can be used like emojis in messages to your friends. Stalingrad will not fall with these cute stickers! Why, they're even using Quidd across the pond! We spoke with American sergeant John Smith, an American Doughboy. I'm John, an American. We American GIs love to collect stickers from brands like Rick and Morty, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy, Breaking Bad, Star Trek, and newly announced Game of Thrones. Take that, Emperor Hirohito! Well, there you have it, ladies and gents. Your British Armed Forces and our allies will defeat the Nazis and win the Second Great War if you go to bit.ly/crquidd and check out Quidd. Good night, good luck, and god save the queen, pip pip! (cheering)


It's a 14.


Firing. Eight.


In two minutes.


Are you sure you can't stay?


All right. I'm going to drink the potion of climbing that Grog gave me, and I'm spidering up the wall and I'd love, while listening to all this to make an insight check on them just as they talk, just for funsies.


Well. I died.


Is it still cloudy?


Call us if you need us. Anytime.


Unarmed attack?


You're very angry about it.


I just reach my arm into the mist and just see--


Magneto de Rolo III.


Cards? All right. I might like to know that.


They all made their saves.


That guy. That scared-shitless guy.


All right, so I'm going to-- Just stay back, there's no point in all of us getting with something. And I move 20 feet ahead of everybody.


Right here. Critical Role.


I'm unscathed, so I run after Grog, just to give him backup if he needs.


She's just finishing what he started.


All right. So he drops these lodestones at the base of the water plane.


Would that be these trees?


The complete sword?


He said he was brain-sick.


Thank you, as are you also, might I add.


Ooh, a lot. 29.


And good entertainment, good entertainment.


How do you feel, Tary?


We can all get in that room if we have to.


In case we got robbed.


Do you think this is up? Or--


It's the time. Do I just go in?


Nothing, it's going to be great.


Well, that's what I'm trying to figure out. You know, there's not a list of what you can conjure in the book.


Come on.


I stop at Allura's.


(whispers) We should kill them!


Just point, nyah, nyah!


You're god, you can do anything.


Yeah. Well, I mean, it sort of has to.


Did you add your necrotic?


Are you sure-- okay.


On our good days.


If nothing goes wrong, it should work. Is it waxed and reasonable?


Oh, well fuck it. I get up and start flying again.


All right. Just checking that we wouldn't disappoint you if you don't die.


And when he attacks us, what do we do?


But, Marvel Puzzle Quest is great, because it's all the fun of the three-gem, Bejeweled-style games, but you would also collect characters if you're a big nerd like I am, and they've got basics like Thor and Iron Man, and new fun ones, like Ms. Marvel, and--


The first, and then more than that on the second.


23, and Jester rolled a 23.


I'm still at the door, and I'll say  No! Get away from me, you interlopers! Evil-doers! That's right, you infiltrator! (screams)


For Trinket?


You have advantage on wisdom throws.


I do! Tara Platt, who is a wonderful friend of the show and amazing voice actress and extremely fabulous in many different ways; she's a sky pirate, she does all sorts of crazy stuff. She's got an Indiegogo for an interactive book called, and I'm hoping I pronounce this right, Zartana. You should check it out, it's really cool, it's really pretty and beautiful. It's got a very Stardust-y vibe. I've already picked up my copy. So you should go, there's just a couple days left, just hop in and grab a copy for yourself. It's going to be really exciting. And--


That is what they look like. They look like husks!


I don't know. Up here man, shit's floating in the fucking air--


That I would love to see.


We should start, at the very least. My worry is, if I understand this curse correctly, the only person I think that could possibly be at risk from it would be JB.


It's so strange man, they go up, they come back down.


Are you hurt? Did they do anything to you? You were unconscious.


Pike? Grog? What do you guys want to do?


Write what you know.


Really, oh wow, that's a number.


Aw. You can do it. Don't hurt him! Okay.


Wow, then I guess everybody in the world can just move here.


Right. He doesn't have this. He has the opposite of this. It's all good for him, right? And you're kind of jealous, aren't you?


Bite-sized segments!


That is not what I meant for you to do.


This is a save? Wait. This is a dex save, right? I'm blessing Keyleth.


20-- lots. 27.


Wait, is Gilmore trying to say we owe him money?


Before we enter, Beau says  Wait, should we have done research on what we're fighting?


And how about the rest of us, though? How close are we to this thing and this cylinder?


Thank you for entrusting me with this mission.


Even though she was conscious when she got bitten?


Can I still complete my perception check and see if I see down here?


So we're all going to go?


You're still going in the same direction.


I'll do it. I go pick him up and carry him.


Featuring Travis Willingham and friend of the show, TJ Storm. It's going to be fun. There's goats involved. There's yoga involved. We talk LA. It's great.


Yeah. That's the second time this round.


Quite impressively, actually.


Is it like a Madonna microphone?


Mm-hm. Or Logic. (laughter)


Wait, I come over to Grog and I just look in his eyes and I say, listen, you've got this, I can't give you anything else, but you've got this, man. And I also very quickly take out my Potion of Fire Giant Strength and I slip it to him before he takes a drink of his ale. I don't know if I hand it to him.


-- work around the edge of the bridge.


Thousand-year-old roll top.


Hold on to Spr-- Oh! I can't do it.


Not great. Two. Plus two.


I'm fabulous.


Yeah. Let's go to that.


Right. All right.


Yeah, that happened too.


Yes, you're right. I guess we can try that place.


Take a couple steps in, and perception.


Thank you. We have done our share of the bargain, and we're here to cash in our chit, as it were.


What did you do?!


Can we leave anything behind, like a dead body or something for them to eat?


The super scary one?


That's the point of the feat. We're spread way too fucking thin.


That’d be so magical.


You're half fish!


"So it's one of these ways."


4th-level, too.


Well yeah, blood.


We should have him walk down the street and take bets on how long it takes him to get arrested. (laughter)


I was wondering.


We got two natural ones.


I'm great.


We're playing pillar pinata.


I'm hungry.


Was that one man's resume?


Collecting it as I go. The thing of it is, we've just done Trostenwald-- what was that? Never mind. --a great service. There was an unsavory element-- did you know the circus was in town? Doesn't matter. There was a bad fellow-- that's his head-- with them. It's no fault of theirs. You pick weird folk up on the road in the circus. Isn't that right, Mollymauk?


I feel like I'm going to hold onto it in case it tries to attach itself to you again and you pull out your eyeball again.


We'll find out at the break, we'll find out at the break. We're not gonna waste too much time, here.


Oh yeah, the one that we had for--


Do we have a lifeboat or any sort of buoy or anything?


Oh, should we fly? We--


I mean, we got all cleaned up for tonight. I just want to make sure you didn't ruin it by keeping some of the blood in your freaking hair.


Yeah, let's go wake her ass up.


"The garden feeds the warden."


Does she just have the sack? The one bag in the shop?


I walk directly up to the bar.


Oh that's right, I sent you messages! Yeah!


Oh, just that she's really cute, and that I miss her, and I wish I could see her, and I hope she's enjoying herself, and that I am sorry that we haven't seen each other in a while, and that we are pirates, and--


I'm just saying--


(laughs) That's how you get it all out of your system.


Yeah. There's some panty peelers in there, too.


Percy was the third child of 7 children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods’ men. As they ran, Percy’s sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (click sound) (gunshot)


Well. We all see what we see, don't we? Incredible. Just-- incredible.


Bigby's Hand is not doing it, you're the one doing it!


I'm like  I'm going to watch this way. Watch for me!


19, sorry, it's actually 19.


One. It's magically enchanted. It's magically-- Ah! My eyes! Ah! It's magically enchanted!


You just said "coin," right?


I'll cherish this forever.


Oh, he's dead?


So fucked.


(shouting) Who are you drinking?


(groans) I put the broom on the ground. I walk over and I punch Grog as hard as I can.


But that's it? That's everything.


Can I say I peeked in to shoot and then went back around the side of the door?


Are you inviting me to come along with you?


We'll take care of it.


I didn't hear any of that.


We were also going to go to the Cerulean Tower and have a quick conversation.


I'm going to scoot around the side and see if I can peek into those holes. Those reliefs in the walls.


It is, indeed.


I walk up to Shaun and slap my hand on his forearm and say, what about the bow? Is there anything you can tell us about the bow?


I think that's the portal they were trying to--


Did we make it to Zadash?


You want a piggyback?


That's enough for me as well.


Yeah, he's a peach. Good find.


I do, but it depends on the roll.


Matthew Mercer's ball campaign.


Wait, that guy behind you though.


Yo! This is survival?


So in the top of the morning.


I shouldn't say-- I wasn't like that, then.


Should we have a safe location?


Is it one of these guys where we can see the height of the tower, or--?


Can I use a cantrip?


Hello everybody.


So I would like to do it.


Of course Trinket is worth it. I was saying-- I was being Bizarro Scanlan.


Did they say carve face?


A centimeter.


I don't start running, but I'm following behind him and I take out my Keen Dagger and just start sort of dancing it across my hand as I follow after him.


Yeah! We we just did some voices for the new Marvel: Age of Ultron pinball game.


Welcome to Hollywood.


Are there any elements needed for this? Water, fire?


This tortle must survive at all costs. Are we in agreement?


Follow suit.


That's fair. Let's head upstairs. (laughter)


What is a Pope? It's okay. She's young. Thank you for the information.


Copy.


Okay, and I'm going to bamf there on this, and Grog is right up against it?


Yes. These are my traveling companions, Vox Machina. They've proven themselves time and time again. We've been together for almost over a year now.


Well, two and a half days, I can teleport us closer, and then we can either hike or cloud the rest of the way.


Yeah. However, right? Be genuine. Don't be embarrassed to apologize. It takes a big person to apologize for something. Little people are the ones that make mistakes and just let them go.


Ya, from Sweden.


That's right! For once! All right. So, she's blind, that's the cool part. That's a good roll! Okay, that's 14 plus seven, which is 21. (adding) 29. No, no! 27 plus four is 21.


This just turned into an Aerosmith video.


Yeah! A priest and a rabbi walk into a strip club at--


Yeah, it's a wisdom saving throw.


All right, well, you guys go upstairs and we'll clear out this floor before we go anywhere else and we'll wait for you to come back down.


She talked in her sleep!


Do we have any more boom-boom sticks?


Did you guys give her something to eat?


Long story, we'll get there.


So that's 4d6 damage. Oh, I was going to reroll some of this, but I'm not now. So that's going to be 19 acid damage.


I start to cry a little bit.


You're god!


For inspiration.


(deadpan) Oh help. Help, please.


How much money was that amount?


To me, everything is glowing a little bit.


What exactly is your duty that you are feeling inclined towards? Damn it, Grog!


Should we search his room?


And Caleb, even better.


They're burning marijuana.


Pretty much, yeah.


Yay, Scanlan! Yeah!


(singing) Let the sun shine, let the sunshine in.


That's Ashley?


Is that something you can do?


Scanlan would say, "Capture him!"


Wait, I haven't chosen my dice yet.


I reach over to Pike, I spin her around, are there any wings on the back?


You're using Briarwood's rapier?


I'm clicking the boots of haste. And I am casting Bless on myself, on Keyleth, and on Grog.


Sing a song. Do you use arcane magic or do you use divine magic? Just sing a song, Scanlan.


The Jagendoths?


(high-pitched) Come on, big guy!


Do most of them have a tail?


I'm going to go gather it real quick.


We almost had three women at this table.


We're still resting.


Trinket is a bear.


We all see this?


Okay, I'll do it.


Yasha, you're strong. Why don't you go try and twist the thing?


Not all the time. I admit, I've been very excited about all of this, but the things I see are world changing. Scary.


We get everyone out of the basement and we lay Yasha down upstairs some place comfortable.


Up to 24 hours. This one lasts the whole day. Yeah, can we?


Just seeing if I can just drink anything in there.


Want me to go take a look? You've dusted me. I'm pretty quiet.


It's like, have you ever seen a debate team? They pick one side, and the other, and then they just go at it for a while.


Your oldest friend.


This'll be fun. Let's run up to it, see how close I can get.


With advantage? Not as good, 22.


So if I just bear-barrel through, how close could I get to this guy?


Ooh, that's very clever.


Is that cover right there next to me?


Are they wearing a cloak?


There's no way to know. She could just be in here trying to get close to Vox Machina before she takes us all down like Raishan.


Back to sleep.


But is it a different roll? Traps? Or is it just perception and investigation?


Judging by the way Horace was speaking, it sounds like they're pretty settled in for right now.


Not enough people have visited backblaze.com/criticalrole to sign up to get a 15-day free trial. Critters! If you want Yev to live, you need to click on the site right now! Oh god! Oh god, he's flatlining. He's dead.


So much.


What am I going to do? I'm going to run into-- Oh, no, that's really dumb. I'm going to use my duplicate and she's going to Toll the Dead.


Who's your favorite NPC that you brought to life for us?


Oh, for crying-- I spent minutes thinking about conjuring that.


While he is talking I take a flask out of my cloak and approach the barrel and surreptitiously pour a little bit of it into the flask.


Do we remember how to take care of basilisks? Like, do we not look at them, is that how they don't--


To the shopping episode! are tuning in to the shopping episode.


Fuck! I mean, 20.


It's like you were built for this fight.


I'm going to burn a reroll. It's the end of my resolves!


They can come out everywhere.


I don't really know, Taverski. I don't know. I've heard it. Just find out his last name!


Okay. That helps.


Sometimes they call me Stew because I--


I'll pay that.


Are you downstairs? I thought you were upstairs.


I can't do the arcane thing.


Oh! I'll hold onto that.


Yeah, do you want me to try it?


Well, let's unlock that.


It is a real tree.


Yes, he is. He is one of the official performers-- they're supposed to be performing at the new coronation of a brand new temple in Whitestone. Much has been arranged, much has been paid for, and I don't want to explain any of this to the royal court.


He likes the jerky.


Nine?


Are you sure you haven't been eating mushrooms or something?


I adjust my amazing spectacles.


Hey, everybody. I'm Orion Acaba and I'm also a voice actor. I do things.


Yes. I'm going to leave her to her room and shut the door.


You can hit dice it.


Yeah, okay. So I'm going to--


I also yank my serpentine belt off--


Is the door open?


The last conversation we had.


I go and sit like 20 feet away and watch to make sure everything is on the up and up.


Gotta be on-message.


Can I shake it, does it make any noise?


Fucking kraken. Do I get slammed into that thing?


We could swap armor.


Oh, on mine? That would be on mine-- sorry, everybody. Scheisse. I think it's 16?


Now we have those letters. I'm going to keep track, I'm putting them in the side pouch, those are the side pouch ones.


Does Trinket get an attack of opportunity?


We might have to unfreeze him first.


Yeah, I'm with you guys. We're fine.


Ooh! 17 plus a lot. Six! 17 plus six to hit.


Yeah. Cause I have a dungeoneering kit.


Absolutely noticed that the very expensive magical rug is gone!


He was telling you to meet him in the foyer, a long time ago.


I'm just saying, you want in, dress for what you want.


(burps) Probably not.


Little Elf Boy.


I chose My Friend's Place, which is an awesome, very similar to Taliesin's, it's an awesome place for teenagers that are runaways or living on the streets. It gives them a place that they can crash and really help get their stuff together.


It's not you, Liam, it's me.


I'm going to just-- (plays flute badly) to distract him.


I'll take off on the broom after Grog.


-- microscopic?


DM, you said we could put the shield on the side of a horse?


I'm starting to make my way up.


We'll walk outside? Yeah.


She had babies.


60 feet from Caleb at this point. I was 90 feet from Fjord.


You can do something from the inside.


Have we actually opened up the parchment and read it yet?


What's the benefit of working with her?


All right. Somebody take a look at anything. There's a glow coming from the starboard side of the enemy ship. It's the one closest to our ship. We need to find out what's causing this fog. In the meantime, I'm gonna slowly make my way down a couple of the ropes. Is that an enemy right there? That guy?


Scanning the skies for any sight of a flapping white dragon.


20 gold will be fine.


What's lasagna?


I have to use one to reload. I have one more attack, but I've already-- I didn't move. I'm going to try and roll around the corner and I'm going to take another shot. 27.


Is like in a few hours.


All right. (counting)


That's better. That's a 22.


Okay. So that is three, plus three is six, so ten. (counting)


Yeah, straight towards him. I don't care how close I get to the other two.


We don't have to do that here.


Then you could do that?


You fucking know it.


It's a special coin, you should pick it up.


It's like Winnie the Pooh, in the--


We'll do it live!


I'm being thrashed around.


You think it's bad?


Bidet. (laughter)


Yeah, take the drop.


We found this ball of light. Crystal.


On the way out, can I just ask that gentleman Do you make any of those things that we've seen around here?


Are you guys staying here?


Fair enough. I feel like we can make some ground without fighting if we have to, I feel like we can find out what we need and maybe slip away, I think that's a great idea.


This is another layer of sadness.


I'm going to stealth up to the body. Cut him down.


I'm going to crawl up the wall to the second floor to see what's up there.


I have advantage on attack rolls against the creature if we're both within five feet of each other.


You're a whale right now.


Much cooler.


That's my turn?


It's called You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost).


I'm inspired.


I'm really bad at persuading people today, apparently.


So one-one, two-two-two-two, three, four-four.


So here's the thing. Here's the thing. I should probably leave.


Okay. Just real quick!


You're like all the bad things about the internet as a character.


We can fly overhead and just Lightning the shit out of it.


They aerate their milk.


I will keep it busy.


(gasps) Ooh! Wait, yeah! Ooh, that's amazing! It's a nine and a ten!


And how high is the roof?


Well, there's the owner downstairs, the creepy guy.


Number two and then number one. Follow them and then kill the rest.


I was actually going to say quintuplets. We could all look the same.


WonderCON!


For fuck's sake! 15.


Plate of the Dawnmartyr, you guys.


Not much happened.


He's new, but he's proving himself quite well.


Oh, shit, it's us!


We should check with the border patrol.


So wait, you want to come with us, or you want us to come with you?


Well, that was a garbage roll. Seven. That's terrible.


Are there suggestion cards here?


I'm going to take the pearl necklace.


I'm Polymorphing him. I'll make him drop.


Cool, just checking.


Go, go, go. Run!


That's a (counting) 24 to hit.


Here, you hold Kiri then, because I don't want her to get too close to it.


Yeah, we're in the district, it's like a wharf.


Kill them all.


Yeah, yeah.


Hey guys, I think this rug (choking).


Yasha can, though.


Ooh, yeah, and you would give us a deal if we bought a whole bunch of stuff?


I use Divine Sense and feel for undead. 60 feet.


No, I know but she's going to be leaving at some point soon, right?


(groans) Ugh, it's Tucson.


So-- First is a--


We're going to be fighting soon enough. I think everyone should hide inside your love shack and my sister and I should wait here in the grass and watch and wait. And when the dragon comes, we alert you all.


(whispers) We should get out!


This is precisely why we didn't wake you up.


A d6.


You are feeling the boat over the airship?


Korren, If we should ever need you-- if I should ever need you, or the assistance of the Ashari, what is the best way to get hold of you?


I laugh and hustle her over and say  One, two, three, put them in a row for this gentleman right here.


What's your DC?


Also, when we were there, we weren't allowed to bring any weapons in, so you're going to have to dump--


If we had to ballpark it, how many persons would you say are in this?


I'll assist.


Well, or someone with him, yes.


Do you perform?


And we're taking Doty with us? Is that the plan?


She's this way! I move that way.


-- activating the flaming properties of rage, and urine, and death.


What was that? I don't even know what that was.


Fair enough, I appreciate that.


So if we misted...


Really ugly stitches.


That was a long time ago.


What do you mean? What do you want me to do?


Should we take the mission to go kill the big beast?


Are you going to go for the sail? You could go for the sail, potentially.


I don't know if she feels that way either, but although-- it's going to take some time, I think. And also, we're going to need the body, and honestly, only one of us was here. For those at home, I'm pointing at Caleb.


There was nothing we could have done.


Not advantage. Mountains?


Fuck it. You got saltwater in my eyes; I would like to rage!


Oh no! I back away from him. He's going to get an attack on me.


I feel like I don't need this much room.


What is inside?


Have you ever witnessed it happen before? Have you had the dreams about anyone else?


We missed you, too.


We should have all been pixies from the beginning.


Do I get a save?


Yes. Do you like the hot springs?


We're great. Trinket's wonderful.


And the Star Trek reference is good. His name's Kern; it's fun.


We'll get them out of it.


And I'm going to go another ten feet in, looking.


Tell us what he found!


So many ways to irritate your father.


But that guy resisted. He knew when others didn't. And he was crazy.


As an offer of a meeting.


(radio announcer voice) That’s called "The Rakshasa Blues."


I really wanted to see that Sun Tree thing.


I can see shit!


Just out of curiosity, if I look back over my shoulder, do I still see a boat?


Fred, it's fine.


Some classics, yeah.


I'll need you as well because you hold the purse strings.


Can we fashion it into a sail?


No problem, no problem.


It's an improvement, at the very least.


(whispering) She knows everything.


Ding ding. Ding-a-ding.


Keyleth, do you have a holy symbol?


No. (sighs) No.


No. I'm going to wait.


And yesterday before the show you didn't notice anything weird, anyone creeping around the carnival, setting up anything?


It's a 15-foot cube and it pushes everything ten feet away from me. Directly away.


If you want to rage and go in, I can be there on standby.


And now the next critical hit.


Can I-- hang on-- around the path. Okay. How deep is the Ziggurat from here? Can I sense the other Ziggurat?


We should throw the fight.


Damn, you be talkin' my lingo!


Go! Move fast, you have ten minutes!


Common.


Why didn't I bring Trinket?


That's not a spell, you guys!


I would never do that to a friend!


You were better at that than I am.


Already have us under contract.


No, you don't have to buy me a room.


I guess he's the size of the zombie giants we fought.


He has only one legendary action for the whole fight?


Oh, with leaves coming out of it.


Oh, that's right, because didn't you have guests? You had people who were visiting you and you went back and you're like, "(cries) You don't understand."


Well, is Gilmore around?


Oh, and that's right, I don't have that anymore, the Hex isn't until next turn where I can move it. That's 15 points of damage plus one point of psychic damage?


Which other two?


"Perv on?"


Now I run.


Do you work here? Is this your place? Do you own this land?


We can go back.


I lean over to Scanlan and I say, did you notice that their dad was saying "bidet" wrong?


We're struggling to keep up.


Well, I am Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III, and, hello, and we would love to report to the emperor of your great hospitality at this unfortunately early hour, and we would look forward to reporting of all of your kindness and good housekeeping.


There you go, come on.


Oh wait, wait, did we send anybody ahead with our letters?


Okay, good. That's way better.


Okay, ready?


Caleb is breathing very heavily and not looking at the manticore. He's looking at Nott in Beauregard's arms.


Hey, buddy. Let's go.


I was going to say that you look like a man who knows wealth.


All right. Can I do some cool monk shit and do like a (wall jumping) to get out?


A halfling.


Maybe! All right, let's go.


I might have a solution as well for actually destroying it, so I will follow your lead.


And I go  Ugh! Yeah.


Sometimes it takes a while.


They might just see your forehead.


We should wake everyone up!


Do I?!


The one closest to us, or the one on the other side?


That way you're standing and you don't have to wobble out.


Will they be able to find it through the fancy bag?


Yeah, that seems like a really expensive rug.


Investigation, all right, thank you. Some weird energy tonight, guys. 19.


That is eight for the first and eight for the second.


Leader of the rebellion.


It's Velveeta.


Okay, where's Nott? Nott's over here?


Be right back. I'm going to go into the captain's quarters.


Mr. Fjord, I feel like I should mention I'm keeping a lookout for anything and I'm getting a bit of a magical aura from the three columns. I don't know if it's related to this.


What's above us?


Okay. Then I'll spend five more and I'll attempt to rip off one of his tentacles.


Shark argument!


Let's leave it at that.


Whoa, I'm asking if instead of throwing a dagger, can I hide instead?


We're in the tavern. It's nighttime now?


Where do I find them?


Just to the guy.


Well, they still take half damage. It's 6d8. Normally, they take full damage and they're blinded. It would have been way cooler if it would have worked. Ooh, that's a good roll. 26 points of radiant damage.


Yes, all of us.


Must've gotten lost!


Hey Phillip, look at me real quick. Phillip!


17. On the second attack, Flametongue gets seven.


She has the best reputation, you know.


(whispering) So majestic.


You saw the cloud? What did it look like?


It's been cleaned out.


Yeah. 'Cause we stopped and we healed.


15 again.


I pick up the sleeping rat and just kinda scritch him.


I do. You know why I hit easily? Because I do very little actual damage. It doesn't count as a dragon, does it? Oh, look at that!


Dropping a great height did not go well for you.


I guess, yes.


Molly. Look at this guy.


Yep, and I'm going to stay right there.


We did it, you guys. We made it to Burning Man.


Sphinx?


I'm going to use it to get-- how far away?


It was like being attacked by a bear. Have you seen The Departed? (laughter)


Those bright lights are headache-inducing, yeah.


Not interested really, no.


Ugh. Really?


Do you want-- say that again?


Amelia?


You're going to tell us when we can do something in the back, right?


You're clammy and--


Get in.


Okay. All right. Two boats. Jester's in mine. Yasha, you should go in the second boat. We're going to need muscle in case we need to move fast.


Are we talking magic?


It was the same day, wasn't it?


Okay, that's really big.


I did. This took about six months? Seven months? I mean, I'd been thinking about it for quite a while. I'm working on a few others, too--


Hey, there was a few of us with family ties.


Is it noisy?


That's way better! 13?


I jump out the windows and scatter as far as I can.


Does it go to my belt?


I was going to be like  look for the circlet!


You all right?


Lilah? Is it Lilah?


Should we go run recon? Take a quick scouting pass and see what we can see?


How do you kill a dragon? Do we need a dragon? Can we get a dragon that hates these dragons? Is that a thing?


That seems very fair.


I haven't laughed so hard in my entire life. Face beaten, he says. Face beaten!


Just, on principle, I can't buy new dice because I'm like, "it's not the dice."


I'll inspire him with a limerick. A warning from your favorite bard: In the Feywild, you should be on guard. I went off to take a shitter, and saw, like, a thousand Critters. (cheering)


If there's a cage, I'll go to it.


You got it. You're a monster!


He could still hit Jarett! He's our best guy.


Can you stick with us? You're the only one that speaks Dwarvish.


Wait, does Travis not--


We will miss you very much.


All right. Let's go find your queen.


Maybe he'll think it's cymbals or something.


I suppose if there's liquor, we could find out!


How can we retrieve this information without going to Emon?


No, I can't see where I am.


Percy really wants an airship. Dear gods, does he want an airship.


Up high.


I don't know what to do. 12.


A total of 19.


Might as well--


Fuck you, little plastic toy. You're not the boss of me.


How does one grapple as a bear? It is a strength check, I guess.


I shut the book.


I mean, two's the higher of the two, right? Oh, you don't know. (all laugh)


I was looking at my wrong thing. Hits, and one more time. Please, die. Six.


Damn. I tried. All the clues are there, just one missing element.


I'll forget.


I'm great. Okay.


Oh my gosh. This is already going bad.


Can you grow a gazebo out of grapevines?


Is this a constitution saving throw or just a modifier?


You've got one hour until my Invisibility is going to wear off, so find a shadow.


I will tell you with my Message spell.


All right, putting that down.


Caleb is way worse than her.


Yeah, that's cool.


Covered in Grog "boge." (laughter)


Oh, Percy.


What's the faster route?


That's true, but I'm wondering if anyone wants Fassbender. If I'm going in, I'm not going to be able to concentrate on that.


I love being here, though.


Is this on the priest? The shallow priest?


My troupe.


Well, the first one was a natural zwanzig, so-- [cheering]


What's that? I've already lost count. 15 plus seven. Whatever that is.


I'm telling you, man. I just want one of those outfits. I just want a Jaeger pilot outfit formed specifically to my body.


Miserable.


Ja, from Blumenthal. And we were accepted.


It should be available for ordering sometime in the late fall.


That's like saying I farted because my stomach hurt, and then I found out it stunk as well.


Yeah, I mean, fairy tales tell about them pulling ships under the water, breaking them in half.


I cling and hand my glass to Thorbir.


You going to have a little pet, too?


I'm fine with it.


The frittatas are going to taste real weird.


Okay. I'm saying  Save yourselves! and I attempt to hide again. 19 plus seven.


The Chain of Returning's magic?


With 11 points of poison damage to its head. That's just the first attack that hits. And then I take my keen dagger and I jab for the eye, and that is a ten of damage.


No, we took a long rest.


Look what you did!


(singing) Grog. Grog.


I'm just going to take the dragon blade and I'm going to as best as I can drag it in front of me.


At this point I can't send in-- I can only watch, but I did tell him to go. So what would you-- well it's up to you what Frumpkin would interpret that as.


Are we going to fight undead things? What is going on?


The guy that was all in his tattered coat and stuff?


This is a really good home.


Yeah, you're both really cute right now, but you're useless.


He is. Smooth operator.


I just pass Vax my water canteen on the sly.


Is there any blood or ooze walking away, I mean dripping away from there?


I will never, ever outlive the shame I feel for inventing these. I put it back down. Walk away.


Right. Just a game of attrition, at this point.


So now that that's handled, are we leaving today?


(sing-song) Vanessa? Vox Machina here-- oh, hi.


(whispering) Secrets!


That's me. Okay. I'm going-- Grog is dangling from him, but I'm still going to try to shoot him. I'm going to try to shoot him with the Ensnare arrow that I have from Percy.


You're an anomaly.


We're inside a glowing door, I think they know where we are.


That's a shitty idea.


There's still things I want to do.


Is your little butt flap down? Are you in the long johns?


I'm with this guy! High five Vax.


Yeah, you can only once until the next dawn.


I'm sorry. This head cold mixed with crying is bad.


Yes, please do. And keep a good eye out for her.


Trinket! Run!


I'm going to use Cutting Words to take that down.


I'm going to Cure Wounds Caleb.


So his middle name is The Hope? And his last name is Devourer?


Ah! He was cursed.


I got it. One-- one, two...


I am no longer an eagle.


Yeah! Natural 20.


If she rolls really high. Really high.


Wheel tracks?


You're still raging, too, because I hit you.


Okay, can I-- it's dark?


I'll use my 30 feet to run towards this goblin.


People hate me.


Hey, buddy boy, we have to go to the Nine Hells in the not too distant future, are you down for that?


I'll listen for the pigeon.


Can you use that wand again?


I look at the rest of them and I go, holy shit.


You should offer a workshop.


All right, I'll do that.


We do need to do Heroes' Feast. I have one chalice left.


Thanks, Matt. Thank you for pointing that back out.


Do you want these?


Good plan. Good plan, Clarota.


She basically looks like a Pennywise, like a teeny Pennywise peeking through their--


Because off-hand attack doesn't get any--


I genuinely don't understand the place you come from.


Yes, let's head down to my workshop because I have to unlock it anyway.


Kash, Kash, Kash.


If you're lucky, you die last.


It's been a while, but osten means lake. No, it's not Lake Lake.


That changes things.


I saw him fly away, yeah.


I wasn't there, either!


With one ice, so 14.


I will shoot one of the pots with my hand crossbow.


You can come say hi.


You're still assuming he's going to keep his word, too.


40 feet?


How the fuck do I get in that damn door?


I'm with Zahra now, so let's try to keep that in mind.


We're all between 15 and 24.


Oh, here? Here at-- where we are now? Yes, here?


Summon Devil?


Actually, while you were gone-- And I cast Friends on him. While you were gone, other guards came by and said we were clear to go in.


I don't know, maybe it's useful in this case?


Yeah, but I'm before you and I saw her fall.


It just-- I think-- (laughs) I don't know. I think over, you know, this past year-- (laughter)


Yes, I'm second watch.


Let's let that inform us as we figure out which of these socket the gems go into.


Sorry I jumped you, Percy-- He was gone, that's why.


Friendly fire!


Look at those eyes.


Oh good, okay! Good job, Carl.


It's a big-ass kraken, though, it's not bad.


With Stuart Smalley.


Do I see him?


You were in it, right? No?


Oh, I thought you said I did.


Yeah no, I really don't think I have anything to add to that. I think you've been doing just fine.


No, I'm huddling away from Mollymauk.


That may not have been the portal.


You have?


Why don't we save that for the moment that we have somebody we definitely want to interrogate, instead of somebody who might tell us they don't know anything.


What did you get?!


All right. I can do Hail of Thorns on it again, so I'll Hunter's Mark it and then I'll do Hail of Thorns on it.


Go clear out the basement?


I have to do a trial and meet their headmaster.


Ooh! Light!


Home turf is big.


Maybe she likes climbing trees.


I agree with Vex that we can't leave tonight. The streets are going to be crawling with guards and people looking for us.


Oh, really? Oh, that's awesome! Now I lost track. 32.


Plus he decided not to put you in the magical bag when you were a statue.


Oh, I thought I hit and missed and hit.


Before I dispatch you to your maker, have you seen a sphinx or a cave of magical origin around these parts?


You're not going to drink that, are you?


Danger sense 18.


I'm going to stand up and grab a poker off the table. I'm leaving my gun on the floor.


And you said additional 30?


I got him this for Christmas two years ago, and he's finally using it.


To the left.


They all get sneak attack.


Spellcasters should split up. I'll go without-- what did you just say?


This is not a happy place.


You're definitely live-streaming the birth though, right?


That was the shittiest additional four. Oh no. I don't have any idea what I rolled before that.


Do we have ducks near us?


Nott's in the back.


It's not quantity. It is the quality of the incense. And this was top-shelf, but I still need more. So, in we go. And then I say: Thank you, big guy. And I punch him and I walk in.


So you are Randy Quaid.


Works for us.


Yeah, a lot. 27.


Let's go freshen up for dinner.


We didn't want to make it a thing. We wanted it to just be--


Yeah, he's a bear, he's fine.


Obviously, we're not at the top of the round.


First roll of the night. First roll of the night.


Is there a way that we can spread false rumors that the city of Whitestone has been magically moved to another plane or something?


For a thousand bucks, yeah. Now there's so much pressure. (all laugh)


I would send a letter, but it'll take weeks. So forget it. We'll be somewhere close to somewhere with magic soon.


Is she with us?


I will take the bag away and swivel it over to Fjord.


Do I count the ones out? Can I roll it again on the inside?


21 does not hit?


Milking a cow.


Okay. Right now? 14.


Oh, what about the room he was in?


Can she go, and then I assist on my turn?


Come on, girl!


Oh, you killed him?


How would you turn it to a projectile-- are you okay, Keyleth?


Wait. What about, instead of dumping statues, we find these orbs? We find his lair, we find his orbs, and we call Thordak and we do a voice like: Yo, Thordak! You're a dickhead! I'm going to come kill you! Or we just smash them.


Javelin of lightning.


I'll pull out one diamond that I have that's worth 1,500 gold.


Magic resistance.


We've seen the fanart. We know.


He's drunk.


Do you guys want to travel with me and Fjord?


Oh! All right. And then I'm going to take another shot. I'm going to make this a sharpshooter, just to end this. Yeah, that'll do. That's 14, 20. 25?


Well, I'm strong.


Son of a bitch, we should go.


Yeah, through the wall, not under the ground. I want to bust a crawl space through the bottom of the wall.


Cities. Multiple, cities? Have been destroyed?


(slamming) Oh shite, we should do it for real.


I'm going to jiggle the lock. Is it locked?


I’m not there.


What kind of trade?


My falchion.


A mighty two.


How can you tell?


As he herniates a disc.


Scanlan's got the armor.


Yeah, dude. Yeah.


I'll let him out when I'm feeling like it.


Yeah, you're going down there.


Yeah, I can shoot things at range or close up if need be.


I will also make an insight check.


You don't see the words, though.


You guys, get out of this.


I know, Captain. I hate to be more of an inconvenience than this already is, and I want to get The Stormcap on its way as quickly as possible. Would you do me a favor and have all of your men come down here and assemble at the bow of the ship, please? This is getting too interesting and I can't have you spread out all over the place.


Okay. 11, 12. 12 plus one lightning damage. Trinket ran up as I was saying that! Plus two Sneak Attack.


Besides, you should have done that shit already! The moment already happened. I'm possessed.


Really? All right. That's not that long, really. Did she stay long?


With my running speed, how close can I get and still have an action?


You guys totally missed it. We had the best time in the room while you guys were gone for a very long time.


Simon became a real boy.


Oh shit, that's so bad.


Is there a crest on the fireplace or anything like that? Any markings of who might have lived here at one point?


Still pretty chill.


Has disadvantage, because I have Patient Defense.


Well, you're smart in a lot of other ways. I'm so happy; he makes you so happy, and when I go, you're in good hands. And he's in good hands. He's getting the better end of the bargain.


Listen.


Yeah, the hooligan.


I thought we could skip over that one step and then there was up.


Vulnerabilities! What's his vulnerabilities?


Is there any way to open it? From the front?


She's a bitch.


MetroCon in Tampa.


Well, things are going to have to change at some point, right?


How far in this diagonal movement would 20 feet get Yasha towards the nearest enemy?


Call me up to the front. We got this.


Oh, man. I can't even imagine.


That is 16.


(sniffing) Did you get hit by lightning?


No. It burns. ORION I do Prestidigitation immediately to get rid of some kind of smell that I'm sure is emanating.


I don't know anybody there.


Shit! All right, 17!


I sell falchions and--


What are you doing? I can't understand you with that popcorn in your mouth.


I'm going to take a perception check, then.


17 for the first one. 19 for the second one.


Right. Scanlan? I was thinking about our last encounter.


She really, lot of-- hands-y, sort of, I mean, I think I remember her quite well. And she was a wonderful person, and you should be honored to have such a wonderful person as your parent, and not someone like me, because I was a scoundrel, you're right.


Yeah, all of this conversation has been happening underwater. We're surfacing and talking and going back under.


Wow. Okay. I say, I see the tree! And I come back down into the canopy.


So this is only your fake father walking up at this point.


17 for me.


I saw this in a tavern once. Let's sit them up like they're just sleeping and nobody will notice.


Too late, man. It's like Thir13en Ghosts (screams). No, I don't know.


It's just running around in terror.


For dealing with pests on a farm. That sort of thing.


It was so slow--


(whispers) Of course.


Sounds good. 50 it is.


By the way, what direction is Vecna from us now?


Good fucking god! Then just, I suppose, with my last attack I'm going to shoot that fish person, just 'cause we should really clear the board.


Ooh, that hits. And the elemental.


Are there any pretty paintings that grab our attention?


Dutch oven.


Two gold pieces!


And the canine teeth. I'll take that 15 for 25.


That's true, Yasha could put the ring on.


Madam. Good madam. When you were brought into the castle, can you tell us anything about where you were brought? Were you brought before the queen-- she is a queen, right?


I will give you privacy, I just don't understand why we can't know what you're reading.


But why? There's no separation between the first and the second floor.


Is it wiggling at all?


Pull the bodies inside.


This place is great!


Can I hold my action until Keg gets in range? You're on a horse?


You're back, baby.


He lost half his family here, in the attack on Whitestone.


See, I wasn't just fucking with you last week. (group laughs) That's a thing we do.


We're going to talk to a few people, right, kiddo?


Well, to be fair, I feel like these people are used to being watched.


Fucking balls. Perception?


Krakens--


Yeah, no, it sounds like it. Yeah.


We need friends.


Attacking.


Noticed some tough-looking types out front.


(laughing) Is that "Roxanne?"


Yeah. What?


Try it, buddy! (laughter)


I just shout it out and say, I think if we freeze the thing, it'll like freeze because water! And then I'm going to spend another ki point and do Flurry of Blows.


Wait, are there nearby towns? Are there other nearby villages?


Can I take a roll just for being a nerd?


Wow, I didn't know that was a thing too.


The two of us are going.


Okay, I'll get that in a minute.


Yeah, that's a lot of energy.


Don't drink it, whatever you do.


No, I'm not! Oh, shit.


We decide to stay.


No, I'll take this one. I want you to have my greater healing potion. It would mean so much to me if you would take it, drink.


And for the heart. That's 16 total.


All right. We'll just follow behind him and stay at a distance.


Oh, add 6 to the roll from my wisdom. Oh, adding my modifier, right. 14.


We have a little time.


I'm then, I'm actually going to--


Oh Tiberius, can't you become a dwarf?


Sick!


I walk up with my dagger and hold it underneath.


All right, so that hit, and then for my last one... That's not bad. 21.


Oh-- gulp.


Nice, Sam.


Nantucket.


Probably. We should ask Molly.


I-- no offense, but I doubt you would understand the inner workings of something as complicated as this.


(sighs) A friend turned on us, but it's going to be all right. I'm going to get you home, all right?


So first one Uncanny Dodge, second one full brunt.


Kiki? How are you, darling?


Okay, fine.


I have that.


(laughs) It's poo.


Scanlan's got healing. Scanlan Two's got healing. We can pump you guys up.


He's invisible, though.


We hurry to the other room. If we can get any inspiration, too, before we start this process.


We'll pull him out.


Gets ya every time.


The last one to leave was my sister. She went east.


(whispers) Luck!


Let's just fucking go.


That's because he's a liar and a bringer of death, and he is smiling at you while he does it.


Twice. It won it twice.


Okay, so I grab one of her arrows and I cast Glyph of Warding on one of her arrows.


Yes, it'll attach to the sachet.


Yeah, I can probably get up 15 feet and hang there.


First I'm going to deal with this fucker in front of me, so I'm just going to pull out my sword and slash him and stab him and see what happens.


(whispers) Damn it. I was trying to get it.


Well, no, the shot still does damage.


This is really not necessary.


(quietly) Also ale.


Big League Chew! No god!


It's not working. I'm trying so hard.


We're all still tied to him!


If you were fleeing in terror, would you stop to write a letter?


That did 20 points of damage.


Just because everyone's on the deck, I'm going to do a quick Detect Magic and scan the boat.


Okay. We're going to go into our rooms.


She's suffering from PTSD. Why are you poking the badger?


Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12. 18. 19, 20, 21, 22, 23-- 25, so 12.


We were hoping your services weren't spoken for.


I'm going to shoot him.


Oh, where'd it go? That's shitty. So I'll use Luck. Oh, better.


You called the kitchen staff out?


Can it do that because it can only do one action?


All right. I'll killer whale towards the portal.


(chuckles) Yeah. That's a 28-- uh, 23.


I have a question, and I could be wrong--


And two more. That's 8d6.


I nod.


Do we not get advantage?


Can you put it on the faces that already exist so that they think--


That's the best stealth I've ever done.


Ten points of damage. Three necrotic.


(singing) Where can I find a girl like that? Oh god. Well, what do you guys think? Taliesin did a pretty great job, right? Do you like the Crocs? Thank you. He told me a couple weeks ago, he said, "What kind of look do you want to go for?" and I said, "Do you have anything that's a good mix between Colonel Sanders and Liberace?" I think we got there! Right before I walked out, our producer Max whispered to me, he said, "You look like a pimp from Atlantis." In all seriousness, though, I told Taliesin, I said, "Just give me the gay televangelist." Then I realized that that's a little bit redundant. [laughter, cheering]


Flame on!


I think we should take it from the city.


Oh hey, awesome. That's a 19.


Can I borrow your broom for a bit?


A really cool hour?


It is written on a piece of paper.


Yeah, you can do that angle--


Don't fuck me, Gil, and 14.


He tried to get to your side. He tried very hard.


I find it's better to travel the world rather than use fast travel.


How many Pop-Tarts do we have?


Drensala Vis.


You don't need a badge.


No, we're going to stealth into the city.


We're against the wall? Should we stay in the treeline?


I don't think the fish people like the safe house being here.


To the west, behind that rock right there. I can, at the very least, keep trying to give him disadvantage on at least one attack.


But it is decayed matter.


Some way of getting that word to Draconia or I don't--


Then yes.


All right, I clap. Excuse me, players?


Oh, that's nice. 26 points of damage.


Stick and move.


I jump down.


You can simply call me Percy, thank you. We're here to discuss some business with Lord Greyspine and we have, of course, brought gifts and our charming company.


Tough love. That's called tough love. It's not bad. That's a ten plus-- can somebody pass me that shit over there?


I would take a brass claw.


I don't have access, in theory, to the big gun, the sword, which are under the bed and that would require a thing, and I also don't have access to any of the things I could use to reload it, but I do have four shots.


The grassy gnoll?


You're good.


Well, just making sure she's not ripping us off.


I got that in my extra monk level when I leveled up.


A wise choice. It's only like part of it.


I mean, I was kind of joking, but sure. Let's go.


The druid saved, Dwelma.


Yes, to the hole. Everything's back to the hole.


Lots of pocket bacon.


Avengers assemble!


Ew, what is that?


Oh, well, I'll wait until they wind down, perhaps.


So maybe some supplies? Something to buff us up a bit?


Tary! That's two times! You've teleported two times.


I thought you were on the toilet.


I'm going to get down on my knees and stick my head through the stairs--


On my first attack.


Pickle, I actually mean a little more than that.


Can I climb up on its back?


I pour the powder on his hands.


I wish we had inspiration.


Unfortunately, yes.


Shaka, man, oh yeah. (laughter)


How far is it from where we are to the Lochward?


Anything similar with them? Are they all men? Are they all women? Are they children?


We really need a cleric.


I'm going to speed him back to the first grate, and have him took for the locking mechanism if there is one.


Forty-- 12.


I'd like to say thank you. Have a wonderful festival.


Never done this before. 17 plus something.


Oh, we did say we were going to.


Just trying to keep everything copacetic and in order.


I know, we really should.


Thank you. Second of all, are we going to try to tackle this sewer this evening, or is this something that we're going to do tomorrow?


I've got some clothing that would fit her! My clothing. I give you my cape and and stuff.


Never say never, but probably not.


So, did we already say that because next week is a battle royale, that means our hundredth episode--


Can I try to grab his hand and slap him across the face?


Okay. Even if I'm underwater?


I think it's fletch-- yeah.


It doesn't feel that way.


Are you going to go in or are you just going--


We should give him something. Ah, fuck him.


Does this seem like the only thing, or would there be other sentry points, as well?


Really? We have to go help someone? We just met this person!


I'm imagining I don't do that much delicate work.


Thank you. Two more to go. It's going to get a little heavier at this point.


He's thin.


But if you move her, you'll get an attack of opportunity on her.


I'm so sorry, but we still have to deal with the water and getting out of here. A stone-- don't we have a stone wall there? We still have to get out.


Oh, okay. I was inside, but I'll take it.


I'm sorry. I know you've had a bit of a rough life.


I think a large enough beast to attract Vorugal.


Sure, it's just an annoyance.


I think. I assume.


Ew, terrible.


(gasps) Wha -


How many people are there? I feel like there's so many more people than there were.


(grumbling)


Yeah, the 20 is the only thing you can roll with a Bane that would definitely have no effect.


I also have a thing I'd like to do.


This is awesome and nothing is going to go wrong.


Ampersand.


A d6 inspiration die?


I'm going to move out some rocks. Just enough where I can peek out. Are we ready to go?


I believe so.


I want to see them. I don't know.


I've never done one of these before. Something tells me it might not go well.


Less exciting.


Okay, shit. My stuff doesn’t go that far, does it? Any of my vocal spells, only goes 60 -


Give the woman a job. Keep her busy.


Mm-hm, yeah, yeah.


I also have evasion.


Pepperbox is completely broken.


We're at a bar, where are you?


That's so cocked. That's a natural 20.


Can I sense what kind they are? Divine Sense, tell what type of fiend, celestial, or undead they are?


Definitely pixie city is up ahead.


No, that's a really creepy song from, that's from Insidious.


In the meantime, I pull out a white feather, and I trace a triangle in the air, and I cast Fear on this one.


This is the coolest thing ever.


We could go to Gilmore's.


There was a fair amount of jewelry. There was.


I'm going to take a rope out of my bag and wrap it around a pillar.


As she's saying this, Trinket goes and grabs some of the rotting meat out of one of those and brings it to her as a present.


I was not in charge. I was never in charge. I was sent here to be a babysitter.


Yeah, she stood on a stool and she did a little.


Are you? I'm not, like, saying anything.


I'll run back and talk to her.


I definitely need one of those.


But we're going to drop him as a full three-ton weight.


Okay. So what do we do?


Yasha will walk up and attempt to grapple him into a bear hug.


Oh good, then yes.


You're sober now, right?


Please tell me you found it.


Is anything watching us?


We know, baby.


He rolled a 20?


We're taking the cart back to a distance from the city.


We came, we saw, we didn't die permanently.


This is Karin.


Then I do have a momentary, short-term solution for you.


Mind your tongue.


What about 30 more minutes?


From my hidden position, I want to see if I see any traps in the room.


What do I hear if I knock on the wall that we're looking at?


Big white. Big dummy dragon.


Aw, no, what?!


I can't be here when this happens.


No I've got Alter Self! I've got Alter Self!


To Vasselheim.


Go on!


Don't eat metal dice.


Would revert, and then--


Yeah, thanks everybody who came!


(caterwauling) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme]


His boots?


20-- I'm sorry, not 20, 18.


I've got seven dead birds.


Brothers. Brotherhood. Brotherly love.


So wait, we're unboxing last month's box.


I’m rethinking. If Frumpkin gets away from this dog in the beginning, he can run outside the fence and he will not be far from me. I can stay in touch with him, so when it’s time to leave I can have Frumpkin reenter the yard and create mayhem a second time.


Same thing with a plus ten to hit with a Sharpshooter.


Okay. And then that's-- sorry, 2d8. I can't add. 4d8. There we go. 19.


So ten? So just over 1,000 gold, that's good.


I just had a thought, Percy. I cast Friends on him.


It's up to you guys. It's your funeral.


Thanks for being a fan.


Heineken's coming, basically.


How are we going to do that exactly?


Take a nap.


I want him dead. I want his house burned to the ground.


I'm going to do a-- she really pissed me off. I'm so sorry.


Is that melee? Can I use Uncanny Dodge?


Do y'all remember what Molly said a few weeks ago when he told us that he left every town better than what he found it? When he first told me that, I remember that my first initial knee jerk reaction was, "You fucking arrogant, narcissistic bastard, no one can fucking know that." He was an arrogant bastard, but he was right and do you know how I know? We had a conversation last night when we were up for watch, and he asked me what my greatest lie was and we pulled fucking cards for it. Loser would go first. He told me this story about tricking a town into thinking he was royalty, being a king, to pull off a scam. I was almost going to tell him about my childhood, and I didn't. Because he told that fucking story and I realized: even in his scams, when he was doing something shitty, he was still making people feel good or feel special. The town was being visited by-- graced by his presence, by his royal highness. And I told him this story of ruining a couple's lives by extorting them because I fucking could. Because I fucking felt like it. I realized if I can deliberately leave a town shittier than what I found it, of course he could fucking leave a town better than what he found it. And I'm not going to do that again. I'm not saying that I'm going to go off and be a fucking hero, but maybe we can equal out and I can at least not fuck any more shit up. Take baby steps towards the leaving the town better... thing. That's the least I can do for him. And I'm going to start with these fuckheads.


It was a worthless endeavor. We're sorry we went.


Christmas is just around the corner.


"Oh, I was reading a book. Sorry."


Yeah, do you want to take the contract? And we go kill (burps) big shit guy and go to prison? Or do we try and, like, take a day and see what we can find on our own, without giving ourselves over to this-- arrangement?


Plus one.


(whispers) Can you fucking heal me, please? Can you please heal me?


We'll be nearby.


I'm going to see if my package is here from my mom.


Command us?


I'm here to collect my winnings, please.


I'm going to keep running and to get to the other side of that other gnoll.


We got to get laid. Every continent, right? That's our pact. (laughter)


Did you see that?


I wanna try and see if there's any way that I can take a look at this and figure out a way to build some sort of feedback system.


Yeah, I don't like her at all.


All magical, I assume. I assume they're glowing.


Yes, it's amazing, you can quiz him on it later. While he's memorizing it, Yasha, is that your name again?


Maybe we can ask the owner of here.


You have three or four more days, if you want.


Yup, so he takes three psychic damage and he has disadvantage on his next attack roll.


(intones melody)


All right, for my bonus action I just say, oh, friendly shark! (all laugh)


We should all come up with different names.


Sir Vax. The Gothy One.


Lovely. Can I have light blue hair?


I thought you said Hallucinatory Terrain?


I did, and it was 22.


That's much better! 16 total!


Mm-mm. This is my first time on the show-show.


Come on, guys. Just like we did in rehearsals. (laughter)


There are four "N's" in that name.


If I wanted to go hock some stolen goods, where would I go?


I'm going to fly over and try to help Percy, now that they're safe.


What, food? I think I'm good.


We've all got earrings, let's start checking rooms and we'll get to the room that we know is iffy last.


You know Vecna?


Oh, so Scanlan goes again?


Do you give a shit about our problems?


Kynan!


You also have a hood, so it's nighttime, with the hood up, in the dark, yeah?


Nope. They're mostly deaf.


He made it off safely?


Okay, okay, okay. How about we take Sam's similar approach, but we guard these four incidences.


That would be great.


Keyleth goes over to Vex and curls up into her.


You trying to make firewood?


I was doing the one that was walking towards us, I thought the other ones were still in the area--


Which way to the window? I can walk to the window.


Spades? Hearts?


Oh, yes, this.


Oh, you're right. Thank you.


Oh my god, they would've come alive if there had been a giant blast of necrotic energy.


So that we can do some spells that will be in effect for a day. Potentially.


Tiberius and I are going to fly down.


So maybe I'll tuck behind him, on top of you the scorpion, and then when you're getting ready to talk I'll just (whoosh) and then you'll-- your voice will be, you know, you'll have--


Oh yeah, we can all get on this one.


I agree, I agree. So..


I don't like evil things in the Bag of Holding. We have lots of weird things in there, I don't know how it'll react.


Yeah, lay low.


Yeah, I figured it had already happened probably midway talking to the kid.


I mean-- I think I'll cast--


It's just a cheek caress, then gone. Not even a kiss goodnight.


I bellow out  you're in for the fight of your life if you don't drop your polearm. The next thing that hits the ground if you don't will be your skull.


I'm modeling one right now!


That's not a risk we want to take.


Oh, I have to read it? Okay, bit.ly/dndios and bit.ly/dndandroid.


Zanror.


What do monks do? Can I, like, use my magic powers? And I want to keep my eyes closed, and I'm gonna swing around behind me, knowing that I just got kicked in the back there.


The wyverns fall?


Do you have a quicker way?


I would like to. At disadvantage.


How many imps are left?


He has advantage against spells! Magic casters have been useless.


Wait, what's invisible now?


Do you speak dragon?


Let's not turn this into burying the shoebox. It's just a book, let's just read it.


Oh my god, really? Oh, poor J'mon!


Get him, Grog!


Pillars, yes.


Ah, sorry! Sorry!


I rolled terribly this time but my stats are good.


Well, you're pretty cool yourself.


There's also the spa, right?


Oh my god! Another natural one!


Oh my god, Yasha!


With an app. (airhorn) (song starts) Oh, wait that's not what I wanted to do!


I don't get angry. Lucas gets angry, though.


Why don't we see how our favor holds? Let's take a moment.


I had 12 hit points, so I'm unconscious.


Oh. Okay. Look at all these dice I have! 14, 20, 22?


You're right, that would fall. Yeah.


They were like, worshiping it.


What was the glimmer?


I know one of them. When she farts it sounds like a duck.


But I still look like a gnoll.


Is it spheres?


Oh, that's where this conversation stops, friend.


Whatever your wishes are, Grog. I'll go along with it. If you wish to keep the sword, that's fine with me.


Yeah, gun jammed.


I'm so stupid.


(shooting SFX)


Well, I might as well just come out with it. I'm stalling. So we had some visitors in Whitestone, where we're staying right now-- I'm just really nervous. It was Johann and Ogden and JB.


I'm going to use, well, I don't really have anything I can do with my bonus action. Oh no! It's foreshadowing! That's it.


Again, please?


We'll take it. We got all this platinum I forgot about.


Let's get on our way soon.


You did! You did have a choice.


I think it was the other side of your face last week.


I need one for me.


Grog, go get his axe! It's really big!


Wait, where's my-- Who stole my book?


She could!


It's really hard to make those episodes and I have to get on with my life.


Yeah, it's been not enough time, I don't think.


Well, I just want to get the fuck out of here and go back home so I can enjoy some wine!


It's a good nickname. Beau. Beauregard.


Oh man. What the hell?


She's a hero of the land. Trickfoot is known as hero, now.


We'll be back this way again soon. We'll have to come through Zadash, and we can--


I apologize. (laughter)


Oh?


Is there a mailing list?


Oh, thanks for bringing that up, Vax! (all laugh)


This is what's happening. This is who we are now.


Ohh!


I like sticks.


New show! The Wednesday Club, and we're going to try and make it fun to watch, and easy if you've not picked up a book in ages and you've maybe thought about getting into comics, or you had some kids and now the comic books have just turned into giant shreds of paper.


Don’t you leave!


Matt's thinking about all the battle maps he drew over the last week, and we're doing a pub crawl.


Woo! That's 1d--


Oh! Can you write?


We also have a flying carpet. We can repair the bridge if we had to, at least put a rope across.


I haven't had one of those in such a long time.


Well, that's one way to die.


Wow wowie wow!


How long can you be Polymorphed for? Forever? Concentration?


All right, I'll hit him again. Okay, just a regular attack through the bow.


Did you do nails?


Yeah, Grog has a beard. Look at Grog and his beard over there.


Makes Scanlan a little nervous.


My trusty old hand.


No, we can't hire anyone! Why can't we just a hire a tiefling? Don't you have any other tieflings in your tribe?


Oh, that's recent. That's wet. That's very wet.


(frantic breathing) Okay.


Does the sphere fuck up the mansion?


Hey! Oh.


I wipe my arm down and say  Oh boy.


I thought it'd be fun. I haven't had a lot of fun here lately, okay? It felt like the old days of when Vox Machina was back together, because we've been away for a while.


That was close.


Dagger, dagger, dagger.


I'm very wealthy now!


It's not fair, I tell you.


So you can deflect it if I--


Thanks, guys. That's the last time we let you be in on our secrets. So it's how much gold, how much platinum?


I catch myself on the broom and I fly.


Yes to what you said, and yes to what you said.


Oh yes, then, that would be most helpful.


We're in an engine.


Well. Who has coin for a fortune?


It's like a booby trap, used once.


Do I have anything-- with anything else, do I have anything I can do? Is there a bonus action thing I can do here? No, I am just-- yeah. I think about how easy it would be to reload my gun right now if I had one.


Does it have smoke inside when you turn it?


(gasps, coughs) It's down there. Oh, it's so cold!


Oh, but you're not blind anymore.


I'm not sure, but I think there is a young child that's in danger there. We seemed to care about the bird child, maybe we care about this one. I don't know.


It's a beautiful shop you have. It's so startling to find an elven establishment here in the middle of Kraghammer. How did this come about?


I saved it just in case.


From the '80s band, it's a guy.


She just snaps to you.


For the clerics to weigh in?


They're in there?


(roars) No!


Got to drop concentration. Someone's got to hit him really hard.


I add it to party funds.


The city is in the Plane of Fire.


Hey, should we leave?


I figure, if we're going to do that.


Does he have Enhance Ability? Is that what you are talking about?


It could just swallow the entire city and everybody could die. This is my problem, at the moment.


I pull off the new cloak that I got a handful of days ago. We can wrap this around the blade so it will not pierce.


Thank you for letting me know. I hope you'll keep an eye on it for us.


Double that to 38.


Dropping mad jams-- I'm not.


My nervousness, I let out a little bit of a fart as we--


Do you drink? Alcohol? Booze?


We've got like a dozen hit points, we'll be okay.


You've got it? Because I was going to go get some milk too. Two milks also. One hot please. Two milks, one hot.


Wonderful!


I also, definitely lost my two swords now, so those are off.


So you started stealing stuff in the first house?


And he could turn the thing on us pretty easily, I'm willing to believe.


Yes. Yep.


Well, there are windows on the first floor, right?


Do you know of a tree that's close by his house that we can just be right there?


I was going to say, can I use my wanderer ability where I think I get-- my survival ability? I think I get advantage?


They're above you.


Okay, well, I guess I wouldn't know this. His went into the water?


That's definitely worse. With those two hits, I want to do extract aspects. I already know its con is plus five.


He has seniority.


They're all clustered right there. If you have something that does area.


Yeah. But you smell fresh and clean.


I'm a collector of sorts.


They look nice.


We call that a barbecue. (laughter)


Millions will die.


What if that is the next place we go?


Yeah, just a cough. A cold. I want to get the hell off this island eventually, but we're here now. Tomorrow--


Or I can give you a ride.


How far away are we, from the wood, at this point?


And 16 on the second one.


All I hear is quacking, right? He's just quacking at the duck?


And your agent out here, the guy with the no teeth, is dead.


I can't see, so you gotta tell me. I start flying the wrong way.


Right, there's no way to cheat?


I haven't been there, have I?


Should we mist down?


Ripping the falchion, can I swing it into the creature?


Because you're really bad at it. And it's hilarious.


Or Caleb.


--is 17 plus four, 21. Plus I'll use Fury of the Small, making it 26.


Because that's what I'm talking about here.


So maybe do one of them?


Me and Pike found some stuff in somebody's house? I don't even remember, this was a year ago.


I need him mostly intact.


No, not at all.


C!


Okay. But how will I survive in battle?


Careful you don't get velcroed to her shoulders.


You going to try talking to them?


Nice job, Doogie.


What am I doing, intimidation? 14. She is not a child.


What's your spell do?


Percy, do you want to flash a little Whitestone bling, at the moment?


So can he drown and then he stabilizes and then he drowns and stabilizes?


No, my modifier's plus four.


The fellowship has broken.


You can purchase it right now at D&D Beyond on their website. Also, if a player in your campaign has a master level subscription, any player, not just the DM, that owns Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes can share content with everyone in the party. But the real announcement tonight is that D&D Beyond has gone beyond. They've made a thing that I made, but then they took it and they made it, but it's even better than I made it. We're going to play it for you tonight, and you might enjoy it. Have you guys seen it yet?


That sounds right.


Was there a rug?


I did not fucking let two dogs--


I can have a rope bridge here.


One of the Opal Archways? Wow.


It's okay. 15.


Oh my god, she has one left, doesn't she? Holy shit, I forgot about that!


Yeah. Good start. Here we go! The pendulum swings wildly.


No, that's completely a misunderstanding of things. That's not what happened.


Don't sweat the details.


She was assisting. I was helping with the money.


Yeah man. I just figured you'd be a part of this.


You can Hold Monster?


Can you make some?


Nice, Tiberius.


Chapter three  Somersaults.


I'm from the Menagerie Coast, actually. Nicodranas.


All right, here we go!


I place a hand on Lady Kima’s shoulder--


Plus the what's it called? Divine Strike, so three plus four is seven, plus the 2d8. That ain't a d8. That's 13. 21. To the gooch.


Really, he doesn't catch nuance though, so.


But so is Scanlan.


Wildemount, or some shit.


In a different place on our face. Everyone's got one face bruise in a different place.


(whispers) What's your name?


This is true! This is smart.


Yeah, okay, so I'm going to keep it simple. I will move as close as I can, probably getting close to Mollymauk.


We have a mansion that's within walking distance. And if we have to, we will run.


She's selling it? Yeah.


That's all. I just-- I just feel a little more sad on the inside. But I'm all right.


It's a dex saving throw, and 20 is what we need? I'm going to use a resolve and see if I can make this work.


After adding my negative investigation number, it's a one.


You could technically stand and offer, I might add. Since you can actually stand on water.


Bear smell!


God, it's good to be so cool.


Well, he says it lasts a minute.


I'm doing this.


We can't leave Kiri up there. Who knows what's up there?


Yeah, I don't have a number for that.


It's just an empty pyramid-y thing now.


I'm so sad Scanlan wasn't here for this.


Okay. I am going to back myself up in this corner that I'm in, and I'm going to cast Locate Creature.


I keep an eye out for any enemies along the way.


I heard he was sick, too.


We are following behind.


Well, that happens at nightfall.


Excellent. She didn't happen to say where she was going, did she? By any chance?


What about-- I know someone needs to mind the store here in town, but Cassandra was in their pockets for a long time, and what about Father--


Yeah. He wasn't like 20 points away.


Now it is. I think I asked Matt what the bigger creatures were in the world and he said orcs and other things and he also said there were goliaths that were half and half and I was like "can I be that?" He was like, "sure."


I can change into anything that's a challenge rating of my level or lower.


A friendly prisoner. We're friendly taking a prisoner. Nicely taking a prisoner.


Okay. So, from where I'm at--


Oh my god. You need to use a new one.


That's fair. Let's just--


Fuck! Ow! Okay, next one. 17.


Pike, did we die?


Oh goddamnit, Pittsburgh.


It looks nice.


I'm sometimes sad about the things that I had before, that I won't have anymore. I sometimes wish that things were different. What makes you sad?


Or did it come out of the speaker?


They're changing.


So I got to roll again.


Who gives a shit?


You want to go first?


Why do we need to take it with us? Us traipsing through town with a giant head seems like it would draw focus. Why don't we just put it somewhere and send the authorities out here to find it later?


Great. (coughing) Third wheel. Trying to get some action here. (laughter)


It was because he had eyes to look through.


Yes, you're real. There is no invisible frog companion. The voices in my head would not have spoken to that. (stuttering) They know a little bit better than that, but that doesn't matter, I haven't had people here in over 35 years. (laughs) But you're here! And you're real! Go away. (laughter)


Ask for money?


Oh. Well, what happened?


--of Requital. Where I thought you were going, Molly, which isn't a bad idea to leave some sort of money trail, is leave a certain amount of money with any type of paperwork that might also be mentioned in a document in the adjacent house. So paranoid rich people are always paranoid rich people, right? So they always have these safes filled with documents.


Come on, Keg.


All right. Last fancy robe to Vax.


The Serpent card appears. Of course you did.


Oh god, don't point to me, I forgot we were even here.


Yeah, why do we care if they have money?


I commiserate for your thirst for fiction. I struggle with it myself. How far in are you? Are you almost finished with it?


Is there a downstairs? Like a cellar?


Thenardier is our precious father.


How much did we put in?


I try not to make eye contact.


Do any of us have any potions?


Anybody in there I'm sure is going to have feelings towards these people.


Hang on, hang on, how long does Alter Self last when it's just a spell? Because if we were going to try and eat some food, and take a break, then maybe we should do that first? Are we still doing that, or are we just going head-on into this? Feel like our plan's already dissolving.


We should wake her up.


I liked the new way. This is old "I know this" face.


Oh! I have to put my glasses on today.


Wait, did you kill him?


It looks like a beehive.


Sorry, it sounded like there was something coming from the other side of the room.


The sandcake side?


Never. Did you see the bear that I carved on the tree? It's quite lovely.


I'll stay here and watch Horris. Me and Jester, right.


Are they landed?


Thank you, Father.


I could also maybe Plane Shift us there with one of these?


Burning it already?


Yeah, no. You do that. Go by yourself.


Jeez! Come here.


I want to hit him.


I will come this way, not getting closer to them. Yeah, that's fine. That's good. And cast Slow on the two creatures that I see.


I love your jewelry by the way. It's really nice.


I'm a shark, still.


If emo elf is going to Vasselheim, we're going to Vasselheim.


Yeah, all the time. Even Pike would say this is worth it.


Fuck! Is it his turn?


You hid.


May I?


How do we do this?


She does have the stone, right? She does have the stone? I think she has the stone.


Taking the book.


It's funny, I've been wanting to have a conversation with him for quite a while now. We have a lot to discuss.


Thanks, buddy!


What's happening?!


We get one of those every two episodes! (all laugh)


Yeah! Like a dragon.


Well, as much as I appreciate the gesture, I'm going to try to Dimension Door out of here.


Oh no, that's some sort of healing thing isn't it?


Eight. Eight, honey. I love you.


How de do dis?


Which one would that be? Because I was thinking about it on the walk here and I can't think which one applies.


We saw that?


And this will piss him off. And if he says what are you doing, I don't know anything about this.


Hey, Dungeon Master?


We put it jeopardy situations before.


Keep a line. Within eye shot of each other.


Not bad, not bad.


Let it be known that The Mighty Nein can take on any competitor and win! Victory will be ours in any arena!


You guys sold 1,304 shirts. (cheering)


Is it a venereal disease?


Oh, Kiri. Hello Kiri. I am Cali.


Simon, okay.


You know what, best to just throw him to the wolves. Let's just get after it.


You get two attacks, but you're raging, so you get a third attack?


Do you stay on this plane or do you come with us?


Nope. Wait, what do I add?


Epic combo.


Keyleth, take the gnomes!


We are not controlled.


Fjord, give me a boost.


Okay. Well, I'm going to stand up.


I always roll shit initiative.


A handful.


Less smooth and spherical?


Oh, sad Grog.


Ooh, that's going to hit. It's a 25.


You were having trouble, if I recall, just getting the waterfall out of the way to create, I mean it was amazing, but--


Started in Stillben, now we're here!


What do you guys want to do in the room now?


I'd pay for cursed dice, so we're good.


It's so pure, it never leaves a hangover. (laughter)


Killer!


Caleb died!


Oh, I was just going to add to that, I'm sure the man can help in this city's time of need.


Yes, Greyspine.


That seems reasonable.


It's not. Honestly, maybe we should just go talk to her first.


(trilling) I'm still echoing.


Zero cover.


You guys, if you live in the UK, you're going to get some faster, cheaper shipping.


She showed her stuff.


We're going up, right? Up or down?


I'm going to spend another ki point to send this one back, too.


Hmm. How far out is Caleb in the water?


For sure. Now we know.


Called The Trench. Fuck you. So close, I was almost there.


Maybe it's good, maybe that's how the key works? If you dispel the magic, maybe the key won't work anymore, I don't know.


I got a d6 from the last one you did.


That's why I'm holding my turn! If you can make this go away, I will be very happy.


All right. I'm going to run up with my staff and do a crack crack.


It's been months.


Strange. Suddenly, I am hungry. Are you suddenly hungry?


Absolutely. I'll be back in a while, fellows.


You delivered ten points of damage while you were gone.


We're heroes.


You know what? I have my mom's lavender oil. Hold on.


Walking up to the boat--


Yes. I ended up fighting (laughs) because I saw him fight, and I was like, oh, I should probably just try it!


Apparently she's our little infiltrator.


And kill us all.


It's not the source of the flame. Not for that much heat.


All parts.


That went well.


Yeah! So thank you for that. Big round of applause.


Because he's distracted?


Oh, they're going to know, as soon as we're in chains.


That's the OG.


You said there is something caging the Elder Brain right?


Just kill it!


Is there a button?


Yeah, so we could shove a sword in there, yeah?


I literally can't see anything right now.


Oh yeah, thanks.


Can I do Detect Magic on it? Sorry.


Well, Travis, some might say that you were forward thinking.


Hey, I'm going to run for it. I'm going to go toward that pillar there.


It's a slight improvement.


I feel like something's bad.


Vicious Mockery on the manticore.


Amelia. You should also know, your father was a man of a few tricks. He told us that he had been saving this up for whenever you were old enough, but I think you should have it now. I hand her 400 gold pieces.


Twins are already at the top looking for problems.


We're standing our muck.


Syngorn.


I'll say it if it makes you feel better?


So the fail means I take half damage.


Slow motion parkour!


I mean, sure? They're the bluest of blue.


Oh, put it in the Bag of Holding? Can I lift it up and put it in the Bag of Holding?


Everything down here is a piece of shit.


I'll keep that in mind.


Oh my god, really!?


Where did we procure that again, Grog? I’m sorry, I’m a little fershnickered.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm just getting used to this.


Do you guys want to watch our little friend here as well?


Way down the line.


(singing) You got the perfect warlock, the weapons and supplies, But you need a place to track your stuff, 'cause you're so disorganized! You click open the web page you heard about on Critical Role. Now you're ready to kick some butt in that mineshaft full of gnolls! It's D&D! D&D Beyond. Yeah D&D! D&D Beyond. You got your stats, you got your sword and you've got your invisible wand! It's D&D! D&D (synthetic drum sound effects) D&D Beyond! (cheering and applause)


Can I just say Grunge is better name?


Yeah. And handle Kevdak before the rest of the city can descend upon us. It's a gamble, but so is everything we do.


In your Bag of Holding.


We need to take it--


She lived in a brothel.


Pike loves him, I bet he wouldn't mind--


Yes, you're way stronger!


It looks like Lincoln from Disneyland! (all laugh)


I hand them over.


Is it clear skies or are we sailing through fog?


Vax, I've just inspired you. (imitates flute)


The shark has been pretty great.


I'm already exhausted. I frenzied last.


Oh, ten. Why is it disadvantage?


Yeah, I'm getting in the water.


Wait, did you switch your boots?


We could advertise, but maybe we should wait until they get back so if their walk goes really well, whatever that means, we could maybe try to strike a deal.


How?


I survive a free fall and you hit me with that right after? Yeah, will save?


Feren.


What do we got to offer?


Okay, text it to Ashley. This is the speed of internet.


How are you doing there, M?


That was helpful. That was two out of four possible answers.


Well done, there.


I got this for you. [laughter]


Actions.


Just curious, you don't happen to have any members of your crew by the name of Sabian, do you?


Just one? It's just a ring finger but it's still a goliath.


I have a dagger, but I don't even have it drawn.


My business here is the same as theirs. We're here, in the long run, to help you.


Is it on the way?


That'll hit.


It was delicious.


Set our alarm clocks.


Yeah. I will Bigby's Hand him.


Okay, sweet.


I'm going to pull the armor up so we can keep it. Did you want--


You haven't met Gilmore!


Can we see outside at all? Is there a peephole or anything?


(singing) Concentration. Concentration.


He shall stay in my quarters.


All right, let's go. But I have to find Caleb first.


We're going this way. Follow me, chaps!


That's what I mean. I got them helping me.


Never read it. Never saw it.


I go to Vegas. I don't gamble!


Oh, the sword is a dick! That's funny.


This is a bit awkward.


Big lead safe, not in the bag.


Edge-of-your-seat action from Critical Role.


16 plus a lot.


Man. All right.


I jump up and give him a little high five. Then, as an hour has passed, I beckon to Vax and find a shadowy area.


Dagger, dagger, hug.


And it looks like a long river?


It's Boulder, Colorado.


Well, let's do it.


Yeah. (cutesy voice) It's too small...


We'll take the fanciest cloak.


I can Stone Shape like a little. No, Stone Shape's permanent?


This is all connected!


It's not blinded. It has disadvantage on attacks until my next turn.


We're going to kill everybody in this motherfucking house!


We could grab Marius and try and get the fuck out.


This is going to be funny. I take another ten minutes to summon Schmidt.


I'll probably be up for an hour, then I'll turn in.


Be honest, the karma will come back to you.


What does it say, Keyleth?


It's dripping from the trees?


She has a room there.


There was a minibar, but I think you had to pay a lot of gold for each little thing of it.


Hello. Wow. Look at those horns. I'm so sorry. You know, I have never-- Forget it. I am looking for-- I have been in the woods for so long, I'm so happy to be in a metropolis again. I need ink.


It's not on a lark. We're not a bunch of fly-by-nights. We've already stopped to see Vex's and my father. Over the last several months, we have been dealing, a little more closely than most would want, with the Conclave, these dragons. We know that you are struggling to do the same. We have felled two of them, and I don't say that to brag, just to impress upon you how serious we are. We've come a long way, and we are in need of help. Thank you, darling. I think that the city's intentions are in the best possible place. Brings me a great deal of personal satisfaction, actually. I would like to offer our aid in service of the very same purpose, and that bow, in my sister's hands, will go a long way to felling more of these beasts.


Can I look around the guest bedroom? Just kinda snoop around up in things?


I need some fuel.


I passed my first one.


Can I get it on my Zune?


Do you know from your previous experience if there's any way to protect against them? Other than setting up walls?


Is the Traveler the only god you've ever seen, or have you seen other gods, out of curiosity?


Should we put it down?


I know my way around poison, and I hear you have the rarest of breeds here. I have come to spend some money to satisfy my clients.


That got way darker than I was expecting.


Yes, he is. He's right next to Beau. He can kill her. Kill her kill her.


What if it's a tavern? I don't know, I got confused in his delivery.


Doodie.


Let's see if we can find the toad. If the sun starts to break, then we'll make up our mind.


The card that says "give to Travis."


We'll stand down from that idea, it was just a thought, no problem.


So many. Lots of skills.


I'm sure you're an asset to any vessel. Now that I've buttered you up-- how about-- have you ever heard of Marius LePual?


All right, I'll solder up his wounds a bit, make sure he doesn't die.


I am, too, I'm staying up in the tavern.


I say out loud, windows and doors! Water and sky! And that's--


Oh, yeah, Vlad the Impaler him.


These people will know this is your office?


There's a bug in this world, and I won't rest until he's dead.


Yes. That's true.


That was sarcasm, but yeah.


All right. Hey, Caleb!


Wouldn't be you--


I'm under cover, I'm pressed to a wall. I saw a flash of something.


There's three land masses, right there!


Fuck no! No, I love this die.


Maybe see to the repairs first before you get your fucking tea.


Oh boy! How do I separate the gum from the other stuff? Loot Crate, Loot Crate DX, Loot Gaming, and Loot Anime. How do you want to do this?


Just gonna say, I'm being followed so be on alert. Same dwarven chainy figure.


So 6d8 plus three. Give me a d8 again.


Is it a big spell for you?


Which is why Keyleth is clutch.


You know what kind of fold she uses in her undersheet. It's like that.


Beauregard, she would have told us. She wouldn't have been able to hide it.


I just need to hear it more, guys.


Because there's one to my right and one to my left, right?


So, wait, we're expecting two of you to kill something pit fiend-ish level--


Oof. Oh. Nine.


Yeah, but not. That almost--


Not that I'd know. Cool. Do I have another attack?


Does it look like that thing in the Nine Hells that we saw? Or in the City of Brass?


Doesn't hit me!


I don't know. It depends on how many people buy them, I guess, but we're going to try to keep them in stock. That's the statement that like, okay, that happened, but this is what I'm really excited about.


Oh wow. Like a tiny little Fiesta.


No, I can't. I'll just shoot again. That's an 18.


Pretty good? I'm going to use a bonus action-- I can do two first level spells in a round, right? If one's bonus action, one is an action, that's fine?


Thank you so much. I sometimes get concerned.


No, I'm good, thank you.


Why are they operating this far from "the Run?" Also what kind of slavers-- These are powerful people that they just kidnapped.


Here's my platinum flask. Could you also put a nice little flourishy design on the side of the flask?


Did I hear that?


2d6 plus four radiant damage.


At least your rolled a one.


So many questions going so quickly.


That's easy. Let's go solve a mystery, Nott.


Did they seem like intelligent beasts?


They dropped their shit?


This is for going to find the priest who has special abilities for reviving the dead and healing people.


"And this was my first hook-up, and this was the scene of my second hook-up."


Should we check for traps?


Can Keyleth do any type of wind gust to try and push this away to help?


He forgot about that part.


We choose to kill this celestial baby not because it is easy, but because it is hard!


Yeah? Tight? Tight?


You're cheating. Somehow you're cheating.


Wait, but he's got sneak attack.


Right, but because I have advantage, I automatically-- So yes! Sneak attack on the first-- The first one was--


It's horrifying.


I did. Beau did.


I need 20 hit points.


Is this a goblin thing?


Circle of Death?


Exalted?


To the bottom.


What was this one?


You are definitely. You are practically my textbook definition of a gaseous creature.


And keep sending us food. (all laugh)


I know, I-- oh, natural 20!


Has anyone been watching us?


-- a cultish--


No! I am not done.


Oh, phew.


It's Lucien. It's Lucien.


Rummaging around.


She's got another ten feet.


All right, come here, Vax.


I start tying up unconscious guy on the floor.


Natural one! I'm cleaning my gun. I'm not even looking.


Yeah. I pull out the box. Just focus on it, Fjord! I'll protect you!


(laughs) More or less. It caught my attention and it made me think about the past several weeks, what we've been through and everything. Don't know-- who knows, it probably died, actually, in the rebellion. Maybe my ice storm killed it or something.


Nope, I know you could kill me in my sleep.


Can I also do this? I'm thinking about everything I hear.


Well then, I will do the heroic thing. As my bonus action, click my Boots of Speed, and run. Just sort of run behind that rock with the gnomes and try to position Doty in between me and the beast.


(sings) My sister in the woods--


What is this? This is the best day in the universe!


More calm.


I want to hear some music.


(gorilla noises)


Oh boy. Okay. What does this thing do? 15!


Yeah, he looked unconscious, and it was Hilda, and she had ink-blue, sparkly skin.


I'm right there. That's me, the lodestone is over here somewhere.


We have?


Tova.


Come on, one! Yes! Yes! Yes!


He's in bed.


It's where it came out. How big are these footprints, approximately?


Hey, a rare ray of sunshine from the DM today.


I look over, and I see as Vax starts slashing into the fire beastie, I know this is going to hurt, and I go into a rage. And I know I'm going to burn, but I take my three giant swings with my battleaxe.


Totally. I don't know. There was this really pretty thing, and this really bad guy was going to get it. I was like, that's not fair, right? So I took it, okay. I took it. You don't care, right?


Is it because you're sitting so close to me that you're worried that you're not going to roll anything well tonight?


Patrick Rothfuss again?


No, if you're going to take a quick glance, then we have to bust them open like a proper RPG.


I will also heal Vex. She's close enough, right? Yeah? Yeah? Ish?


It's not all my fault.


I let them argue and I skulk forward. While they're fighting. Natural 20.


What about your friends?


I thought we had taken a short rest, just not a long rest.


Don't do that, then. You need to, no, you need to attack--


Oh because your Hex thing?


I didn't actually want it. I just wanted to best you.


No, it's okay! I've got the thing.


You have a blacksmith in the thing?!


No, I'm going to stay.


At the very bottom in Elven, scribed very gently with a twig, it says in Elven, "Death From Above."


What is the metal? Can we do a check to see what kind of metal it is, what it's made out of?


We'll talk later.


But I was thinking about this. The people we met down there and spent the day with: they are lunatics, but they draw a lot of attention to themselves, leaving us free to sort of slink back into the shadows a little bit. It might be sort of the perfect camouflage. No one's going to be looking for a little goblin girl anymore, because they'll be looking at the crazy people, the tieflings running around smashing shit.


You have a good, strong people and I want to see your recovery. Just like I hope the same with mine.


Are Scanlan's feelings for Pike mutual? Pike, come on, give us a hint.


Is there a sun? A point of light in the sky?


It's about 90 feet.


As an action you can channel your anger to produce a shockwave of thunderous energy, as with the Thunderwave spell. DC 16, cast at fifth level. You cannot use this feature until you finish a short rest.


No, that's true.


I didn't have a comeback for that one.


No, that's not what I meant. I just wanted to be honest.


I'm helm.


Ambush. Free people. All one big thing. I'm sure they're not used to being attacked by people who actually know what they have.


No, I understand. I respect the art form.


NKOTB.


I'll use the rest of my movement to duck behind a tree or something while I scream.


Is it, though? Is it?


Hey, speak for yourself!


Really good.


So how many points? 21?


We should go.


Total Party Kill cannonball!


Is that the third one?


Yeah, I move back.


Is he like a god?


Oh, feigning?


Inside the loo.


Yes. Will you tell them what you saw?


He's the sort of positive energy I think your family's going to need around.


I'm trying to get down to the ground quickly and hide behind something.


Yeah, but I'd just get the side pouch.


Yeah. I turn to the guy who-- he picked up his weapons by now?


Sponsored announcement.


--to smack it with my axe?


All right, if we do this, I think we need to give ourselves a hard time limit that we all stick to, because the last thing that I want is for the fucking Gentlemen with his vials of our DNA coming after our asses.


Okay. Don't I have another attack? Is raging done with now?


Is this a thing that really happened?


An effect that you are unfamiliar-- what the shit, man.


Oh, is it?


(laughing) A boat for Doty.


I think if we survive this, I think we all should be given something beautiful.


Oh, it's a trial just to bind the contract?


All right. Then I get really drunk, and I go to my room for the night. Send up booze.


Were you in this ball?


We can't leave them out there alone.


I don't have a plan, but while they're all dicking about, after about an hour of staring at the wall, I start talking to the air, and say: you know, I've never put much stock in faith. And for the life of me, I question so much why my sister took that broom and I can't figure out another reason for her to have done it, other than fate, for I would not be standing here, nor would anyone else in my family. So. You weren't my first choice, but I'm over that. And I'm ready. I will come to you as soon as I am able. I don't know how any of this works. I'm coming. Whatever we need to do. I don't know what I believe, but I made a promise and I'm sticking to it and I'm coming to you. So just hang on.


Why don't you make their dreams come true and rip their groins off?


That is the end of my turn.


I can get some of us out of here.


I can do a healing spell, you know.


Do we want to do it like a V-formation, with Nott in the lead and the two humans just behind?


Awesome. Great.


It snuck up on us?


Yeah, we're at the gates.


Won't that kill your friend?


Suvo's Secrets?


The cooks are back in the kitchen?


Yes! We'll find-- no. Probably not. But we'll get sorted. We'll make the best of this place. We'll help Fjord figure out his shit, I suppose.


Well, it was a bit of a mess, but I just ended up there eventually. Just looking for a place where I could rest, I suppose?


Percy is a paranoid rich person, so he knows things about them.


Lodge of the Eclipse?


That's good, yes. You shit yourself, Vax? I cast Prestidigitation on his butt.


No, I just wanted to make them wait. Okay, I'm dressed now!


Sure, I'll bow as well.


You just have the universe printed on the inside of your skull.


Pike knew about it as well? Wait, how many people knew about this?


This is the worst.


I mean, I can just shoot.


Yeah. So tomorrow, all the tricks out the bag, throw caution to the wind, you and me, it's a show.


All right, I'm going to back off about ten feet?


We've got-- free coffee? Yeah, yeah, I'll take it. Sure. Thank you.


So get a t-shirt. We're pretty close. I think we're only 40 subs away or something, Lucas?


Yeah, just a few cartloads


Okay, persuasion and deception, you say. Oh Jesus. Okay, persuasion. 39. (laughter)


Does it make any noise?


It makes us feel like we're a grown up show now.


We've got things for you, this time, like we said we would get for you. In the Underdark. It's really inconvenient, but we have things that we need to get to you quickly.


So goliath, Ripley, and the third. What does the third look like?


Aren't these pretty rocks?


So next I'm up?


Where did we find this?


Caleb is going to quick-walk over to Avantika, kneel down and say, "Are you all right?!" with his back to Spaghetti and cast Identify on one of the swords.


I'm wearing my boots, because it's cold. I wouldn't go walking barefoot.


I think we should rest.


I'm going with you guys.


Does this one still work? We can do this one.


It's going to make us blind too, we got to kill it quick.


Commit to it!


How do you know? How do you know that it's going to be there?


Throwing a dagger just seems so inelegant to me. I don't know why. They're meant to cut food and to eat food with.


Yeah, I'm leaving them and I'm going to sit in the boat. I'm pulling out my book and I'm slapping it down and I start to mutter to myself. This is going to take a while.


Sounds to me like you just won twice.


Okay. 37. So, 15 total?


Yeah, everything I can put into it, all force, because I still want to get a good punch in there.


I pull Keg up. This place they are going, is it permanent? Or a temporary camp, or it's been there for years and this where they always are?


Yeah, and also Marvel's Spider-Man show premiered on the 19th. I'm Gwen Stacy on that.


That's D N D.


It can only do one person in a day, but we'll pass it around the group, so if you want it today, Fjord, then Yasha, you can do it tomorrow.


(clears throat) Twins. Funny.


It's warmer. It's nice.


I don't see any support columns. I'm just going to say it.


So, he spoke of some sort of trap door that's easy to open from within, but not from outside, correct?


A baby, like a baby?


Oh, Christ.


Oh no. What did you do?


Tiberius, was that really necessary?


Does this feel like sunlight? Does it register like sunlight or is it a whiter light?


Do I still sense the presence of Sondur?


You can Spider Climb to the ceiling!


Okay. As he gets in that corner of that puddle, I'm going to Fibonacci circle and starting here, push him in a bit and wrap him up.


Can I reach into the bag of holding for an onyx statue of a dog?


I have to say, wherever these dogs came from, they're very beautiful dogs. Look purebred. Very great muscular structure. Come here, boys. Come here!


Actually, I'm going to stay where I am.


I like pink a little more than purple.


We got a wizard's tower.


It's really bad. Whole other area for you to dominate. It's quite wonderful.


I'll direct you.


International sign for breathe.


How are those Cowboys doing, Travis?


Yeah. Do there seem to be any weak points, any loose bricks in the walls?


It's colder than you might think.


We're going to scry on Hotis. I'm going to scry, using my 5th-level spell, not the Scrying Eye because I want to use my spell ability, and it's going to be awesome, and I'm not going to be hiding from a soul that I accidentally consumed.


Yeah, Fjord?


I tend to think that many people tend to exalt the exact opposite of what they are.


Can I hand him the trammel?


Making camp?


We've heard you've risen through the ranks. Very successful, you are.


Oh, it was anything. Some of them threw treasure, some of them threw some real animals. Alive.


It means shit.


I don't know. I just have broken glass shards.


They are pulling your leg.


Like a seal.


(Minnesotan accent) "Yo, I got my Polaroid with me."


Come on, Percy, for fuck's sake.


Which is weird because it was all caved in.


Hi, guys! Let's give it up for Claudia for putting almost this whole thing together. So really quick, I just wanted to say very special thanks to you guys from me and Felicia. Doing these kind of events where we have this kind of community has been the number-one goal from Geek and Sundry. So again, thank you guys so much for coming. We're excited to have you; we're excited to keep doing this. So yeah, you're awesome. (cheering)


And Trinket is out.


You went forward and did not retreat?


(sad trombone noise)


It was a 16.


Wait, they're already dead? They're animated dead.


Maybe we shouldn't stay here. What time of day is it?


I think it's 60 feet, actually, is my swimming speed with this damn Mariner’s armor. Ignore what I said.


No, it's not magical at all. Everything in this is purely physical. No magic involved whatsoever.


I'm looking at the trees. I'm hanging out.


Which one is Algar?


Is there anywhere that looks like a dock, or anywhere that looks like it's appropriate to--?


What is going on?!


I would like to sever the remaining gristle away from his arm that's holding the gauntlet on.


The mending wheel?


This is a d20.


I mean, that's cocked a little bit.


Raid!


Maybe it's in the next room. There's still another room.


(fart sound)


And 17.


I mean we could try, but if all they are is a healer--


We’re going to sit in the sewer like so much clown.


He has many gifts to offer.


Classic Trinket.


I look her in the eye. I put my hand on her chin, so that she looks me in the eye, and I tell her, shh. What does that make her feel?


That would probably be smart.


Yeah, you watch her, and when her dupe goes, you go, and then--


Let's go change, and then let's be off.


Try?


Shh, hide that. That's in my bag, anyway.


A way to sever his connection to the Fire Plane, maybe.


It's kind of salty.


On the break. On the break, I'll grab it.


And who all is going to be a part of this meeting?


I think we may just have to walk gingerly.


Is everybody going to go?


My brooch?


Blood pressure's a thing right now.


I turn his head so he doesn't drown in it.


Please, god. You've been terrible today. 15.


My twin, with the -


Oh gosh, Nott.


Great, now I have to remember that as well.


I'm going to keep trying to tie around his legs.


Him or-- I get--


33. Hand stay on him?


We need to talk to Eskil Ryndarien and see what he knows about the Shadowfell, right? He's been studying the Shadowfell, too.


You'll hide. I have thoughts, perhaps of a weapon. I don't know. But we're going to find a way to stop them.


I'd rather enchant them.


