Which I totally whispered, but just not loud enough.


No, he's very cool.


As in nnnn.


Right, and then I'm going to drop some of the rope out the back window for them.


Boy, it is more extravagant in here than I remember.


Why did we start with a closer, though?


Both!


With a suction thing at the end.


You're trying to beat 17.


(calling out) Tiberius!


I will use a second luck to make her roll again.


I got to standing, which would take half my movement, so I'm going to use my last 15 feet to get exactly opposite to the other side of the wall by sliding around it. And killing Jester.


Well, which parts are true?


I wouldn't say this woman was my friend. I would say she's definitely a badass. I wouldn't say she's my friend.


And Clarota was really helpful to us.


I like it. Now I can see. Oh, shit!


That's that barbarian shit!


And you want no violence here whatsoever?


What is riposte?


Off-the-cuff, do they seem familiar? Any idea on who they might be?


Okay, I get ready for that.


Can we talk about what this duergar just told us?


"Yeah." I grab a small, just a small piece and put it in my mouth, and I spit it out immediately.


I have many places.


I was with Caleb and Nott.


Ayy, Fredrickstein the Science Guy, nice job! Look at that! That is beautiful.


That means it was natural, it didn't have a good or bad aspect to it.


Oh, 12 points of damage.


Well, let me introduce you.


Can we try super hard?


Okay, I'm just going to try and just bolt through.


If he's within 1000, we have a connection.


No. This has really whet our appetite.


Do you want to move or stay where you are?


Who put her on the top of a 40 foot wall?


Oh, that was my reaction. Never mind.


Hold still.


Yes. Yes, I think so. We haven't scouted around every--


Come on, roll a 20. Make it happen.


You don't have it in your hand anymore, Caleb.


She stole them again? How did you do it?


Oh, well, you know--


Oh, I mean, I've been drinking a lot of it, sure!


She's got Flintstone feet.


And then I'm going to back up--


Does that mean it has triple?


Who's the stealth party, not you, you and me, you.


So he can go heal himself unless we can get him.


I've shown you all the magic stuff on my person.


Wait, wait. I run back to the door really quick. Kiki, c'mere c'mere c'mere.


Yeah. Yeah. I think they will, but you're right, it will take some massaging. You know, I wasn't lying, I knew we would see him again.


Yeah, I just want to make sure that I get my full time's worth.


He's already burned the mansion.


I'm going to start covering distance.


We have slayed the Chroma Conclave. All the dragons are dead.


In this area, are there uniformed patrols or do you just see well armed--


Felicia joins us.


Even though you're raging?


Is there any signs of animal life in here? Is it any more complex of an ecosystem? I feel like I'm missing something.


Fucking A, this is tough.


I hear you people like to get in trouble here at Hupperdook.


Oh yeah, we're taking all this shit.


I know. (laughs)


(mocking) You're a shithead!


Can I use my distance to move over here, if I may?


Your wife shines.


How long's a bit?


I start backing away slow. (All laugh.)


What happened to those clothes and that horse?


Why don't you do it on yourself?


What? It's feathery!


2,730.


It is a magical staff.


"But it's more than that. I've started to wonder. If I have so easily won the confidence of these battled-hardened titans, perhaps I am even more venerable, more impressive than I ever knew! Perhaps after this mission, I should return home, newly confident, to confront my father once and for all. Maybe the time has come to complete my journey here and show my family that I am indeed worthy to carry the Darrington name. But first, revenge! Soon we will venture to where nightmares are born, and it's going to be fun, fun, fun. That's all for now, Doty. As always, correct my grammatical errors before you rest and go fetch my sleep mask and nightshirt." And then we went to hell.


The honest gnome.


Let's go do the stupidest thing we've ever done.


I'm going to try to investigate this cavern, I guess, as much as I can. Am I still at disadvantage now that I'm in a cavern? That's cool. That's better. God fucking hell.


Can I use Mask of Many Faces to change into that older gray-haired farmer?


But it is still your right to know your parents. Who they are, you have to understand where you came from.


I wish Scanlan could've been here to see that.


Oh, here.


(softly) Stealth check.


Calm Emotions for me is not. Doesn't-- is not a concentration. No. Yes, it is! You're right, never mind. I don't know how to read spells yet.


That's true. Enjoy that.


Never go full elf.


I'm not proficient in this thing at all, right?


What? That's absurd!


I'm a unique little snowflake, I take no offense.


I just stand clutching a gem dripping blood, looking at the love of my life.


Death has changed you.


But they're spiders. They're probably not that wise.


Now we learn how shitty cruises are.


Everything's fine. I just don't know what we're doing, anymore.


I pull out the silver thread and I start going around the horses.


Oh, it's built-- We've got infrastructure built for that sort of thing. It's fine, they're used to it here.


Yeah, of course we are. Sorry. Sometimes, I just get really aggressive sometimes. I'm sorry.


I pull Fjord in.


And then we all, within 60 feet of each other, fly up.


No, it's Lazlo, I'm pretty sure. (laughter)


We needed to come up with a name.


In your eye! God, you're having the worst day!


I'm going to try to start doing that.


They're open and empty.


Okay. Oh, my dice suck tonight!


Oh. Dude, that shit was awesome. Yeah, I was into it.


Library.


We tried to come up with something as we were slowly gaining esteem.


Was it just the one guy in there?


I'm going to make my Invoked Duplicity Jester run right in the middle of the two walls, past Fjord.


Wait, say that again?


His ears are just dripping saliva.


He's going to back up to that gate a little bit.


Eject! Eject!


I'm going to try the carpet again.


I'll have to think on the caves.


Hey, use your elven eyes, see if you can see it.


The Jagentoths.


That would put Beau and Yasha at a disadvantage, but the rest of us could take pot shots at it from in here.


I can stay. I'll stay with him.


I have this idea, because Molly, on the back of his coat, his neck, his tattoo?


That same one? I am just going to Fire Bolt it. From yeah, yeah.


Do it, do it, Keyleth!


I will keep her-- Thanks. That's all.


Type in your passcode if you agree to the terms.


No? No, I didn't. But they didn't catch me, so. Listen, I'm sorry, sometimes I get the urge, I've got to take something, you know? I was trying to replentish what you lost yesterday, and I failed.


We're getting into shame and we're sober, I think something must be done about this.


D&D standoff.


I subversively wipe it on my robes.


There's no recovering from that, dude.


Roll really good.


Give me a boost, the cheerleader hoist?


Tell me this, Vex, Vax. People with high perception.


Not in a small--


Yeah, I got to run past the horses, because I know they're going to catch up with me.


Well, I also went to my room and I was like "Man, what I could really--" and I was holding the jug, at the time, and I was like, "I'm just going to break it, nobody'll know--"


Out of now 51.


I'll keep with you.


Sick, Percy.


Do you know my name?


I catch-- I try to catch the rope to try to keep it from hitting the ground.


(Beatboxing)


How much do we have? He does have a picture of it. We have 1,620 platinum.


Good boy.


I'm going to cast Mass Cure Wounds on everybody.


Oh, I imagine so. It's just, there's a difference between saving everything and saving enough to keep them comfortable.


I pull out the silver thread and I start putting it around the room, and go over some notes. I have some ideas already, some ideas I had, and I will stay up another hour or two before going to bed.


Just the one.


I got incense, by the way.


Pink and proud.


Sure, right now he likes you.


I just watch this. I put my gun down, pull out my sword, and just start hacking at the tree.


Was there a time requested on there?


Brain lover, brain lover.


Way to date yourself right there.


Your utilization of the actual item has been equivalent to nothing. In the interest of the group and the use of items in general, it would be wise to switch it, because you have needed extra spells like Invisibility--


She's in the back in the tents.


I think hot fuck is actually very appropriate on a few levels.


The two clerics are not going on the mission together!


Out the door, out the door.


Okay. I wanna move, kind of be like, whoops, sorry, 'scuse me, pardon me, and come like heresies. Would you say that I'm 30 feet away from that guy?


God, what is with these rolls?


They are! You are being attacked by stormtroopers.


In the house.


Well, thank you.


Ixnay on the angers-stray.


(singing) I believe I can fly--


Oh man, this is not what we normally get.


Natural 20, really? I'm feeling like such a bastard right now.


We need help! We need a distraction. Is Caleb there yet?


And what's the terrain? Is it just flat out out in the open to see, or is it scoured with ins and outs? Peaks and valleys?


I can't help. I'm not allowed to help.


We have some donations.


It's something Travis would say.


You know what? Vasselheim will actually know a little bit about Orcus and I bet the Nine Hells, as well, being the god hub.


That’s what I baby do right.


Wait a second, you said dragons have attacked before and they were defeated. How?


From when we were in Kraghammer.


All of it. All of the research?


Will it fit all of us, you think?


Man, that was heavy. Would any of you guys be interested in sticking around to dance a round or two if we were to go to Just Dance? It's a nightly staple here. We end the nights with dancing. I don't know if you guys have seen that ridiculousness, but--


Yeah, I know, it comes from her, though, she's like a howitzer, it's a whole other thing.


I match his step.


At night, will we know where northeast is?


You're the naga.


Then I'm good.


Just go. Just fucking go.


Where he ate the Lembas bread?


And who do you work for?


These are a power surge in there.


It's how I talk to people.


I'm not terrified of it, I'm just saying it could be terrifying. Hi, Frumpkin.


I grab my sister by the arm, and I drag her off the the side. What-- Why are we doing this exactly? Why are we bringing him with us, exactly?


Tusktooth.


I'm going to reduce her attack. 27?


(sings) 9th-level spells!


We could, or we could just--


Those song parodies.


Against the Broker.


Can I try to talk to him?


Really? That's the craziest thing in this town.


I mean, what would you even do with that? What's the point of it, really?


So you have to roll a ten. This is adorable.


Be careful. You might catch the building on fire.


Zwölf.


Or at least an open ear.


We're not concerned at all about that-- what do you call it when you get ambushed?


(sings) It's the end of the month.


What are we going to do with this giant ball?


No, I've picked up a few scragglers. They're idiots, but they're helping.


Can I insight?


You're probably down next to me with some cover, though. Probably not up.


Sleight of hand is plus five.


Of course, darling!


I mean, I'm invisible, and I rolled a five.


Not only will we do it, we will do it in solidarity with you and your quest, because we are a team! A cohesive unit that acts as one! When one member wants something, we all want something, right guys?


Other eye, other eye. No sneak attack. Two plus-- eight.


What's a Hawker?


Dolphin hump him a little bit?


Back up, come on!


25 books.


Um... (chuckles)


Seemed like a thing.


Is it Quen'pillar already?


Man, I was just starting to get over that first kid. Not that I would ever get over-- I'm going to use my bonus action to cast a Healing Word at 2nd-level on myself. And then I'm going to take whatever breath I have left and say: Pike! Ouch, hurting. I'm hurting.


No good?


One room at a time? We have to get up through this latch and there's people right above us!


Perpetual oasis.


What is closer to Kraghammer? Emon? Or where we're from?


Come on, bitch. Come on.


Already dead.


Okay. Well, I'm sure she would love to talk to you. She's very inviting, very friendly.


This is all fish poop! (spits) See that, Nott?


Doesn't say anything about splash attack.


We did it, and we never have to do another adventure again. Right?


Uh-huh! That's good! Yeah.


And they're just enchanted?


This feels so cool. It's like a shortsword for me! (laughter)


I can't take a ki point to do Patient Defense?


It's like being blessed.


Yes. It'll be furious.


And in the south.


Scanlan awkwardly put it in a weird druid circle rock thing, it's over there.


Those things go together!


And expose yourself?


I did Eldritch Blast and a 20 and a 24.


And I get another attack, though. Yes? Okay, then I'm going to attack her through my Blazing Bowstring. Natural 20 again! (cheering)


I go  Pftt, I know that trick. I give you a high five. Down below. (laughter)


Okay, these are the balls.


No, just the 13. Plus-- 19?


You said four and a half feet...


(whispering) We need to be very quiet.


See if you notice an interest.


Yeah, like a wagon.


Taking another shot, that's 29.


He serves the god of politics and deception.


They thought that we might be here, and they took a quick look around, which is why I don't want to make any more noise around here.


Does he have a ring on?


Yeah, I am, aren't I? Okay. Cool.


I'm gonna just find some old rags, or anything I can find, tablecloths, and just cover the windows.


I think so. The second cart in the bottleneck is when we should go.


I'm going to use that. I want to make an acrobatics check. I want to jump up on this guy's knee, and then dagger-dagger right into his strange eye that he tried to mess with me.


No, I do have a 3rd-level spell so it's--


The break? Okay. That felt like the end for some reason.


Ghostly claws.


Tary-- I pull Tary aside.


Following up their rears.


To be fair, we're already here!


We're all good.


I have one job!


I just see big guys. But I guess everybody looks big to me. (laughter)


Yes, there is, and I just realized I had it on and I hadn't announced it yet. So we got these back in the store! But they're red now. We've got them on this chain and on this chain rope-thing. Cord. And we've got them a keychain. And now, I don't know if you saw them before, but they took a long time to get, and now we just have them in the store.


What is the good scenario, the good version, of releasing a massive serpent onto the Menagerie Coast?


Dang it. 24.


You got it. You got it.


Yeah, can I go low to the ground and track it?


Yeah, I want to know.


And I leap out, daggers at the fallen one.


Before, before we leave, can I take some of the basilisk's blood and put it in a vial?


We didn't have him fly down there and get a close look.


My plan was foolproof.


Oh, that's where the fork was. It comes back together.


Yeah, no, it's like reverse puberty.


There's no greenery in Xhorhas?


And risk being spotted by the coast guard.


Okay, here's my question.


I think the question really is what we're going to have to do about this. I mean, this is the direction that we're heading. This is what's being put in front of us. I don't know if running headlong into the next temple is the best option. I think maybe if you didn't find the answers you were looking for down in the water, maybe it's time to look somewhere else.


So that would have been a 13 was the lower number.


You know you're not beholden to Gustav anymore, right?


Oh my god!


Let me get that part. (slap)


Do we heal above that?


My arm is dead.


Fine art.


Then we're going up, right?


Okay. After he dies, letting it all out?


No, I have other qualities, history was not my forefront. I know Whitestone.


Let's drag back. Two things. One is, I didn't bring it up, even though maybe Beauregard knows, but I found something in there that I think is up your alley. I found some armor, beyond just crownsguard armor, down there. I mean, listen, my friend. You spit out salt water. You've got a sword that's covered in fucking anemones and shit.


Trinket can climb trees! Bears climb trees!


Do I know how many feet in it went?


Takes half damage.


Polymorph just lasts. Wait, no.


No, superficial, yeah?


Why water? Why would you do that?


Yeah! Or pressure him. Lay it on thick. We could say like, "Your fucking face is going to fall off if you don't give me one of your remaining wishes."


If you're talking about fighting K'Varn in his lair, when he attacks you--


Here, here, yes. I didn't want the others to see it, just in case.


Scanlan, Vex.


Hm? All right.


One piercing damage, but I pull him ten feet closer to me. Does he go into the lava?


Of my height.


But thank you, Keg. You were amazing.


The gimp we were joking about under the floor of that place.


-- if we can find another bridge?


He's the tall one?


Well, good to see you. Have a good afternoon.


Don't loot my family's crypt!


Rewind the tape just a little bit.


Oh, okay, okay. Well I'm taking-- okay. I don't necessarily part it, but I take the water, and I draw it up, cascading along the edges following all the lava streams going into the tunnels.


Kind of led to the influx of people going out?


(speaks fake Infernal)


Oh. The dice are gone.


Yes, yes, you have to say yes to that.


It's my turn, so I draw a card. I'm gonna hang on to that one, maybe. And I also play Catwoman. And I'm going to look at Bane's hand. That's terrible.


You should pick a blood-colored one.


Just to remind you of how these particular things work, I'm not actually talking right now. So you can just talk to each other through the rings.


I wonder if they came back.


I genuinely don't actually know what this word means.


Of course it is, it was chosen very specifically. I say whatever it's called--


People who come here usually have.


The Feast gives me advantage, well, but it doesn't stack, right? I rolled a 16.


And we defeated it!


We're a real Twitch stream with sponsors!


Greetings and salutations!


Yes! I’m going to use my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel.


No, it isn't.


Plus, what makes you assume we're about anything right now? I don't think we've made any decisions. I thought we were just having fun, right? Making good money?


It will be. It's absolutely better than it was, but I think you should thank these people who came down into the catacombs. This is the second time that I've come across these people and they've gone from fresh air into dark, dank air for no other reason than to find people and to help them out. They're special as far as I'm concerned and you should remember them. So what do we call you?


Going for a nighttime stroll.


You can cast?


I don't think that's true. Oh, dream journals I think are true.


Clarota, will those trees attack us? Are they living and attack-y?


Here, take one of mine. I have two, it's okay.


No! Oh well, it's too late, I already said it.


Oh, I was going to say "giving."


Do "ra-kasha-kashas" typically hire people? Where do they come from? Do they come with a band of merry men? I don't know anything about them.


It would be a pretty expensive package, so I feel like-- maybe I could do that.


Sorry, new math. 13 plus-- 17 on the second one.


Is this--?


Okay. Allura, you've done it before.


I looked at the paper, motherfucker.


But I had my skirmisher stealth.


Because he's an old woman.


What's that mask?


All right. I'm going to take another shot.


I was joking, I said Glintshore.


It looks open?


Heads, because that's all bad in the heads. But the tail is the booty, so.


He might have even thought it was a bat.


You fucking dick. You're a fucking dick!


Hey, thank you so much.


I fart a lot.


Stay near him. Behind him, maybe.


My step of the wind? I can't get within range of them with my step of the wind though, right?


And I shoot at the guy that's attacking Grog.


Do that first.


(sighs) I draw so many things in my sketchbook. All of it.


I should also mention that my lineage has now been restored to me, and I am now of royal descent once again. And so, again, with my companions' permission, and we will discuss this in the future, but I would like to put forward the beginnings of the proper paperwork to perhaps have Greyskull Keep designated as an embassy, with all the privileges and rights that that presumes.


Can I pick him up? And it's black stuff, right?


Is poop 20 or is poop one?


How about no?


Yeah, for stealthy times.


I got a 28.


Climbing the wall.


I like it. Make sure they're trustworthy, if we're not going to be around. And I hand her 500 gold for herself and for Kendrick.


Boom, Sonic Boom.


Why am I light-headed?


Vax or Vex?


I got a 22.


Why are we plummeting?


I'm not happening for a while.


You and Tary are thick as thieves, now. How plugged in is his dad?


I don't want to do that with everybody here. I'm not lying to you. It's really cool.


Athletics? 19.


It's a marshland, so there's occasionally--


I want dwarven brunch.


You should probably just hold onto Grog. If he runs in, just trail behind him.


Disadvantage. Okay.


Can I get over the edge of the floating building so I'm not flying over the crevasse?


Strength bonus.


What do you think it meant?


What's in the other door?


We can look at that list, so I can make some serious notes?


One person did or it was just a bunch of people just buying.


I know, right? (laughter)


While they're doing that, I stealth away from the group.


Oh, yeah. So tell me what you're procrastinating about?


Normally?


But we were supposed to ask Ioun.


They're mad, you're allowed.


Oh man!


Yeah, can we just grab any booth or table that's available? We're looking for some food and drink this evening.


You're so charming today, Tiberius.


Someone's sleeping.


I'm going to join--


Is it nature? What is it a check for?


Things that come on legs and with weapons, I mean.


You could turn yourself into Franklin Delano Roosevelt. You could walk off the ship and no one would think the wiser, or they might say, "Franklin Delano Roosevelt! Why are you on Tiffany's ship?" You'd be like, "Bitch, I work here."


Awesome! I'm going to cast Healing Word on Beau.


The--


Oh! So I get a regular attack now?


Does anyone want to get down to the pie contest? I thought I might arm wrestle first.


We brace ourselves on the wall to make sure we don't slide down.


I can pack up my kit, and I've also technically got a reasonable workshop back in Whitestone.


I'm going to not move.


Nope, we didn't!


Hired hands.


Should somebody stay with the cart, maybe? Because I feel like all of our awesome stuff that we just got will be taken.


We've got these bowls, I'm going to put the bowls, gingerly, I'm going to put one of the bowls on one of the symbols to see what happens.


But that’s it -


All right. Eight.


How high do you want to cast it?


Let's go do our recon. Who's doing it?


Do we see anything swimming above us or around us?


Yeah! We got him! We can kill him in a second if we have to, so--


Yeah, who cares.


Not tourist-friendly?


I am a little pale.


It's a two. I do nothing. Nothing.


These are the receipts (gasp)-- these are the receipts of--!


Do I have to roll anything--


How do you know that?


We need to check the ship for damages because we tried to blow it up a couple of times, and then if the rest want to head down and see what's below.


Can I enchant it with a little song or something?


It will be fun.


Do you have the earring in?


Wait, let's consult the cards. That's the third question.


Just hold it under and see what happens.


There's also no reason that the three of us couldn't have made a fucking plan that couldn't have gotten Molly killed.


He does not see me!


They all have a giant birthmark on their face. (laughter)


(clears throat) Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction or unsolvable mysteries and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed, so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. (stammers) I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


That's me.


Which way are we going?


Benadryl.


Emotionally I will wait for you, and I will not stray emotionally. I will always be there for you emotionally.


You think the goliaths--


Is he in here?


Hoda, hoda, hoda, hoda. 20!


Oh, a card! I didn't think-- you think they'd appreciate that? I could write that down, yeah.


It might work on the roof.


Sure-- are you a good swimmer?


Yeah, you can't do that, no.


Damn it. All right.


It doesn't have to be.


I bamf Trinket out! And we get in the grass and stealth.


Give her the writ of law thing.


Someone is asking what Matt whispered to me when I insight-checked Marisha. It's not what you think it is, and I'm not going to say.


Yeah, just to see how much damage it does. Wait, can you use this in Minxie form too?


Can you guide his fury in a way that would be beneficial to the plan?


There's no bows.


Can I try to fly up in the air? It won't do anything. I'm stuck on the ground.


She's got nothing on you. She's nothing! You got this!


Like attacking an inanimate door?


With disadvantage, 13.


Light! (whoosh)


Be there or be squared!


The wand has-- ew, a DC of 15.


Four-eyes, shall I trust Jumbo here because he seems a bit shady.


Technically, I don't think falling damage counts as weapon damage. I don't know if you can take half damage.


You want me to try to pull it away?


And they shall know him by his cube.


That was a long walk, though. This is an awkward goodbye.


Are we sure she was at an inn?


So it's 4d6 plus a little.


Tomorrow we should go visit him?


Oh, that's too bad because I don't have any spells left.


All right, let's run these bastards down, ja?


Yes, I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia; moreover, from Vox Machina--


Okay. Does it seem like there are more guards around than usual? Are the guards relaxed?


I hop on your back. Let's go, Grog.


Fuck that. I'm fine.


Can I borrow any bladed thing? Thank you.


Okay. Before I start to do anything I'm going to look at him, look him in the eye: What is wrong with you? Don't you see there is nothing here for you? Run away before you die! There is no option! And I'm just going to start unloading. Natural 20! (yelling)


And Percy, how long after the coup and after you lost your family was this dream?


You're at one hit point!


For trade, what does that mean?


Don't worry. Why don't you have Percival take the first turn?


Besides, we're talking about moving anyway, right? So I might as well do it here if we're going to relocate. Plus, I want to be near the energy of the Far Realm. Maybe it'll help a little bit?


How do I know which is which?


I'm snooping around, trying to see if there's any lords or higher ranking individuals in the area.


Do you know if there's a place where the lowlifes of the city like to congregate? The underground?


This is not going to be good.


My hair is white, and I have silver eyes, and a long staff with four dragons and a moonstone planet, as it were, in their midst. I walk out slowly and I look them all over, one by one. Saying, I don't know you, I don't know you-- as my tail whips back and forth. I don't know you-- almost hitting you with my horns. You, I know. I saw you at the Crucible, didn't I?


Those buildings.


Are we still going to do that?


It's been a week, right? One week is one round, right? Okay. So what I'd like to do... Here's a question. Flame Strike, since it comes from the sky, would it work since he's up in the sky? Comes from above.


Dire-ape. It's possible somebody was feeding it.


Can I-- While I see it real quick, I'm going to go ahead and channel and cast Beast Sense through it.


I get ten feet closer to her.


Even though my ally is five feet away from him? I thought I remembered that rule.


Do we have Pass Without a Trace on?


Some tents would be a great idea.


You can talk to them?


Okay, we could unload and then run!


Yeah! Let's get out of this! Shared survival!


To the Crypts, I say. But are we druiding there and then flying on a dragon, or just flying on a dragon?


He's completely trained. He does tricks. Doesn't he do tricks?


He did it again.


You know, make sure you know what you're getting into.


It's probable. It has not been verified.


Yeah, can we get them?


Oh! Maybe I should disguise Doty in some way.


You could have gotten the last one, though.


Yeah. Don't intentionally look scary.


What are the corpses doing now that they've fallen?


Oh, I was asleep. I wasn't with them, so I just woke up really early.


This is, and the Grey Hunt itself is eventually going to be popping up.


They were carrying fruit!


You're a barmaid.


Nine plus 12, that's 21. 22!


Sure. I can look at it.


I know. I kind of want to break a few things. You've earned it, fucker.


All right, all right. Nice, Kima.


Yasha can--?


All right. I will inspire myself. 24.


But they're revealed by heat.


So you're saying there's a chance?


But remember, we're slow as balls in water.


We do have a giant piece of leather that makes us look like rock.


You get to sleep on the bed and I will sleep on the damn floor.


Saving throw, mm.


21. Then 25. And then 21.


We'll try and remind you if something affects it.


(sings) Tova's my favorite person in the whole universe.


Even at this very moment, as I said it, aftershocks. "Was I supposed to say that?"


(explosion)


What is that word down there?


We might look a little different, but we're still going to be here.


Thanks, Gamechanger! And we have some fun stickers.


(gasps) Oh no. How many is many? A lot.


And 25 on the same.


Yeah, I'm going to use my movement to back up behind that column.


(repeats previous gibberish)


Yeah, the sequence of events is that you two need to get onto the wall successfully.


What dice are you rolling there, big guy?


And a 25 on my lock pick.


I think we are past the point of secrets here.


(inhales)


Then we bribe him with the information on the teleportation circle.


And we have a new member. Well, a new traveling companion. This is Cassandra.


Well, I can get to one of them for sure. I can get to that one, but can I get to that one over there?


Maybe we should Tree Stride there.


Oh, and Hunter's Mark!


Nighty Mein never says die!


You have a little thing! You have a little dimple on your chin! That's the cutest! I didn't know.


Get used to it. Nobody likes needing someone.


No, I want to go to sleep, and I'm holding on to Fenthras and thinking about everything.


Quite a while, but I'll remind you that our mission is not to retrieve any guards. It's to kill this beast.


We shall!


I mean, I wouldn't object to it, I just--


Fuck! It's a kleenex, it doesn't work! You piece of shit!


I'm at the dock, right?


Okay, I'm stopping the whole thing really quickly.


Oh, so there's one inside the city?


No, wait--


The will-o'-wisps are the dead. They are left from the dead.


Should I reroll it?


Translated, it's Bracers of Archery. You should check it out.


Even when she's a ghostly form.


I'm going to look over at Trinket, and I'm going to go--


One second! One second.


Whoever would buy us.


Yay. 19.


Wow! I watched that work its way from your ear all the way to your brain, there!


There was a lot going on.


Yes, fine.


There's how many there?


(whispering) Yeah, girl.


Well, honestly, isn't the dragon going to come pick up its loot in the next couple days? It's happening tomorrow?


I was going with you. I had said I went with you. Mostly to get away from the gnomes.


Doesn't seem very helpful.


Can we take a potty break before?


I'll stay center with Percy.


For this round?


Also, we can't talk when we're farts, so when we get there, what's the plan, plan man?


He's going to wear us like winter coats. Going to make a suit out of our skin.


But I adore you. Okay?


Did Yasha take off?


They do? We know this?


And I go, (gibberish) in Giant and it's the only thing I know in Giant, and I think it says, you are my foe, and I actually say, my cat is your friend.


Let's not even start making vague promises. Just be yourself and you'll be fine. Just be anybody but yourself and you'll be fine. It's going to be great.


Do we get some sort of bonus because we're mist?


This is where you need a neighborhood bar. Where we can go and, like-- Go, just, what the fuck just happened?


Poor guy. Come on.


Mama Pike.


Oh, I'm in my room because I was-- is this before Fjord came back?


Do you want us to fucking capture them and drag them back to the cell that we built in our keep? We built it for a reason.


No, I know it’s at least 100, at least 150, I think it’s somewhere up north of 150, I just can’t remember the number.


I've seen buffets that are uglier than this.


It's been several years. Why you should be even vaguely surprised by this reaction is baffling to me.


Which I can do on myself as well. Yeah. So, yeah, I can give myself, you know, I can--


Inside of it, yeah yeah yeah.


Then we follow your lead.


It's an exploding arrow.


I drop down to my knees. You seem very brave. Do you know where Wilhand has gone?


Is he taking us to the theater right now?


Put it back on.


Have you died died? Tary died died.


Oh, I don't need any. (laughs)


What, are you back already? No, wait a second! I'm talking to Nott, in this part of the day.


Can I insight check him? Because it was awfully quiet in your room, Scanlan.


Take your time, take your time. The longer you take--


Last one?


Oh lordy, thank you.


There better not be an owlbear in there or I'm going to be very upset.


Squish-squish. Squish-squish.


One plus two plus two plus one.


Definitely Bear Claws, yeah. Out of Whitestone, of course.


I can name a few.


I'll drop the disguise.


Cheez Its Crust. (all laugh)


We've only gone a little bit.


I tend to agree with my little friend.


Can you keep him down there just to watch us?


Yeah, the syphilis is creeping up into your eye cavities.


What, who are you?


We're going to go get a horse, you don't need to be here for that.


Don't you slip up!


(laughing) Conquistador's helmet?


How many creatures are left guarding us?


Yeah, oh shit, take it back.


No, it's just a man with no arms, legs, heads, limbs and chest.


What are the two types of damage?


Right. Interesting. We went to the fancy end of town where I'm pretty sure everyone is super into the crown because they are all funded by the crown and they are the crown, so I was like eh, probably a bad place to start asking political questions.


I'll open it.


A 19 and a 20? That's a lot.


28 and 26 for me.


(laughs) (imitates Laura) Yeah!


If it's of interest, we can turn around.


So I will track it and then hit it as it struck the ground.


A quarter, or half, of Vasselheim, is--


Can I run through it?


I don't know what we're talking about anymore.


(laughing) I guess so.


She's the absence of emoji.


Very.


Hello, gorgeous.


It's all I have!


And attack?


I'm up. How dumb do I feel like being?


But we really care about Vax, and this guy can look down at his hand and remember the time that he worked for some shitty vampires. We leave it be.


Can I tell you, I believe you are a good man.


Can you do your detect dragons thing?


Don't you already have that with your--


And they're technically a little bit separate from the city. They're kind of not necessarily a part of the empire. They kind of make sure the empire stays in check.


Just Sixteen Candles-ing it.


A skittering.


What? You don't know how many people are on that boat! Oh my god.


I can go get her, theoretically, if we have an extra day.


Parlay?


They vanish. They're gone. They're fucking ghosts.


Are we going to the manor?


You got it. You got it. I'm glad to get out of upstairs, I mutter to my sister, because the decor up there was shit.


The saga of the door!


Oh, there's three.


No, they didn't lie to us!


I was really paying attention to JB, though.


And she hates me.


"Abandoned" is a better word.


And I cast Pass Without a Trace, so it's extra ten.


Do you want to wear them?


Yeah, but I think he gets two or three legendary actions per turn.


Yes, we love you, Wizards of the Coast.


I'm very familiar with that.


Okay. (laughs) I can't. I'm sorry. I'm good.


Incantation of Isolation?


My what?


Make a contract.


I'm so glad you all came to see the show. It's going to be great tonight.


That wasn't me! It might've been me.


I don't know, did that make a little air?


We also could report in to a certain dragon about things that have happened.


I have it.


Advantage on dex saves too.


Or is it dependent on the operator?


Put it in a cupboard.


Yeah. The little interior bit, what is it again?


What is it, Gilmore's Glorious Goods?


Caduceus MVP tonight.


Thank you, Stormwind.


What does he get? What does Bigby get? I'm going. It's a different guy. He's a whole guy, who's not quite as handsome as me.


Well, I think this information about the teleportation-y circle situation could be useful leverage if he wants to try and take that sword off of your back.


Oh, you don't need assistance.


She can rage; she doesn't need a shield.


Is the little magician halfling still being polite and brushing her teeth and stuff?


I want it back, though.


I'm 50 points down and without my beast shape.


Yeah and end up on his flank melee, please.


20 even.


Was that in your book?


I'm gonna read up on this Chopping Head spell. Yep, I'm read up.


Ooh. That's not bad. (eerie music)


Give me some good juju guys. [cheering]


Oh, you did?


I haven't!


Level one.


I can help me fine, it's you I need to deal with.


There was more than one room though, right? You said--


Didn't kill us?


No, we're going to break into houses together. Of course I'm willing to do this. I just feel like for this-- what are you planning to do?


I'll tell them the amount of supplies that I think they need to pick up for a month's worth of travel.


We're just gonna have to improvise that. We'll do it live, we'll do it live.


Oh, thanks, man.


Oh, so my strength is at zero, then.


The one with Ornna in it.


Within ten feet.


No, no, no! No!


Well, he adds it to his 14 that he already has.


We're going to need water.


The Mighty Nein seems pretty amorphous at this point.


Ooh, that's not good. 16.


Yeah, you smell bad.


Yeah, that's a good stretch of charities.


Have the airships made it to this continent yet?


Not at all.


There's something that I want to try really quick, if you guys could back up or maybe get out of the water. I want to see if I can cast spells underwater.


Okay, I will bonus action disengage and run all the way around to the other side of the room.


At least I'll definitely notice the smell like fucking roses.


I give her a little chin (weak punch sound).


Probably not lute-playing, I'm gonna just throw that out there.


Oh my god! Shut. Up.


Fjord, you don't remember, do you?


Did the divinity get pulled then from that?


I'm unhappy with everything at the moment. I would really like to negotiate some base points of this deal.


That was a good idea. Very smart there.


I’ll go, too, just as security.


I'm just noting the pile.


I start melting ice.


Ah! Doesn't save.


We're not doing this now! What's happening? What is happening?


(laughter) And a miss and a miss!


Febron, any suggestions whether to move through the muck fine land or through the trees?


But we can boat in there.


(whispers) It seems to be asexual. Oh, do I have a little--?


They're not freaking out at me?


I would say I'm an old--


We might not want to bug him when he's, you know, having dinner.


Do you like her now?


Since when, Grog?


All right, you do whatever you want. Give me the angels. I'm going to go back out there.


I'm following Grog and I'm doing the same.


And once we do, we'll come back and fucking kill that guy.


(spellcasting sound effect)


I'm going to take a little bit, too.


Hey, you had two hours to beat the shit out of a goliath! Sit tight, buddy.


I have never done this before, but I have it learned. I will Ice Knife it in its face. Ice Knife! Level one, you create a shard of ice, fling it at-- oh, it's a flingy-thingy. But it's 1d10 piercing damage, and then it explodes?


Is there some lesser number for those?


Then why don't we make that sound, and wait for something to come out, and kill it.


Do you need to write a long letter?


Am I walking up as it's happening?


Ooh! So many d's.


You guys both are wrong, it's going to be Bane.


Hey brah. Sup? Fancy meeting you here.


And then alcohol made its way in.


An athletics check for me?


Say nothing?


(excited hyperventilation)


No, even not in canon, in the game.


No, you go in and try and get the people out of the cage.


I'm going to hold my turn until Scanlan, no. Yeah, I'm going to-- Fassbender, slow the fucking dragon down now!


I turn back into a thing!


Partially ajar?


That's further than I thought.


It's 16. 2d6. No sorry, 17 damage.


Should we continue on straight ahead?


Whoa! Trinket rolled so good!


I'm going to stay up, of course. Just watch.


A real man could throw 80 feet.


We need all the help we can get.


I will burn my 7th-level spell to Greater Restoration Vax and bring him back.


Reckless, please. 30.


Oh my god, I'm like, shaking.


No, we're still wearing ours. Are--


It's a bird?


Nope. That ends my turn. Yep.


No, I'm going to build a clocktower. Like the one in Prague. I'm going to take many years and it's going to sit at the front of the castle so it will be outside and there will be other people working on it. It will, as a proper clock does, it will tell our story. Once a year, everything will play out.


Oh gosh. Well, I hate to use my action to do anything else, but I should probably try to get away from the thing that's on the shore, huh?


I rolled a seven.


No snaps for that one!


Nah.


I mean, yeah, we're going to go as fast as we can.


Can I take my retaliation attack?


No, because that's a spell.


Nope, not from here. Matt, we discussed this, where am I from? (all laugh)


I can sleep and I can Plane Shift us when we wake up from this mansion.


(motorcycle revving)


We'll find out next week.


She's lucky Pierre.


No. No chance. (laughter)


Travis.


Ew, is it blood? Does it look like blood, or-- it looks like somebody spilled their hand in tea or coffee.


Thank you! That's much better. 22.


He's in Mr. Mom!


If I see a twitch, I fire.


So, one would assume there's an access panel somewhere on him where one can make adjustments, or otherwise fix him if he breaks down?


Not happy. Swipe number two. That's a ten.


You did check for traps, right?


22?


Fuh-wumpkin.


Ooh! And put on what I had on before.


Yeah, kill him, Grog. Kill him!


Are you giving me morality lessons?


So there's this guy. He's a shithead. Okay, there's this guy.


No, I thought we were going out for an hour!


Is that a Philip Seymour Hoffman Happiness reference? (laughter)


You're going to smoke everybody?


20! Why did you say the first one was for me? Why couldn't the second one be for me?


Bisaft. We're to head towards Bisaft.


(sings) Sailing.


Flower?


I'm super bored, so do your plan.


It's got Michael's. Michael's crafts.


Sure. Because they haven't phoned me to tell me that we're ready to go, I will become a dragonfly and buzz into the dwelling.


What do they construct?


By Delilah or here?


No, it's all right. Takes the pressure off, really, knowing that you know.


Yeah, I guess it was.


Wait, how close did I put the grenade to him?


Yeah, and I totally called Claudia on it too, and she didn't even come forward. I'm like, you're running some shit! She's running some shit.


With my 60 feet-- question, can I get across and to the top of this pillar here? Maybe?


Yeah, diversion.


I'm not saying full-frontal, I'm saying--


So I don't get all dirty.


Sam, why don't you just tell us where you are?


That's good for scurvy.


I think he seems like he's pretty okay, though.


I could sing a song to make her feel better.


Yeah. I don't want you to question your decision here, all right?


I mean, it's just a dream. What's there to talk about?


You've got Pike. I want to, can I make it to Big Pharma? I don't remember any of their names. I'm just using the nicknames we've come up with. Ghurrix.


This rug?


I rolled well.


It's a touring production.


It is not.


That's fine. Have your fun tonight, people, you will have your licking in the morning. I go to sleep.


What, train them?


We are the best detectives ever.


Yeah. Yeah, were you really, like--


Such a good show.


You guys, you realize she's standing right here. [laughter]


I rolled a 16 for a history check on the creature.


Oh boy. Five.


That's what we do, Tary!


That illithid took out my brain from like 100 feet.


I know it's off-putting, but Scanlan's beard is right over here. (all laugh)


Isn't Minxie big and spottable?


Should we let Scanlan do his thing first and then we sneak attack him? Set it all in motion?


Level nine.


I think he's dead. I think he died in there.


Without a head?!


Best question of the night!


Thank you. 11 platinum.


And I make myself to look like the tree-dick on my forehead.


Yeah, let's ambush.


Oh, oh! That would be a natural 20!


It's the first time I've heard of it. I mean, it sounds incredible, but I can't even begin to fathom what that would be like. That responsibility, I don't know who I would be if I could wield something like that.


I look at Yasha. Yeah?


This is Yasha. You can't afford--


(Southern accent) One damn lightning damage there.


I stand right behind her.


Hold on a second. And I run out the door. I run after him, out the door.


Let's just put a robe over him.


So I roll another one then--


Oh, I pooped on myself.


Good, pressure's off.


I'm on-- yeah, I'm on my broom. I'm just riding my bow around.


Are you questioning part of the council at this moment?


Indeed I am. Molasses goes across my hand and I draw my hand down through the air, and I focus on these four, if I can. It's a 40-foot cube, putting this one in a corner.


30 if you want to keep Pass Without a Trace. 60 to stay within the ring.


It's the start of a new year.


I'm pretty far. I'm going to jump down off the roof and move towards Grog.


(laughs) Trinket got a natural 20?


It stays up super good.


Oh, man. Two 11s. Which, 17 to hit both times.


Ja, but it has to save.


So I'm hoping...


I'm going to try to still play dead.


I love you, Kiki.


The shoes are the public face, but the well runs deep.


I add 20 to this, right, that's how it works?


I look over at the shaved-head one and I hold his gaze for a little bit.


Oh no no no, requires attunement. What do you think?


You don't understand, though. My whole life was trying to blend in, trying to keep an eye out for someone that was looking to take advantage, that was going to exploit. I got comfortable. I felt relaxed. There's no reason why the three of us out on watch couldn't see them coming out and raise an alarm fast enough.


Oh. I don't want to be arrested.


We're in a very complicated situation, a lot has happened to us. We found sort of a war camp down here, and there is sort of a being, I don't know what to call it. He's got a little of this going on, and he speaks and lashes out through his mind. We fought a huge force down here, and then we ended up falling into a cavern, and then Keyleth and my sister found another one, what are they called? They're called-- illithids.


So we should do some of our spells right before we go to sleep.


Without you seeing.


Climb out.


You are the yin to Wil Wheaton's yang.


I found a trap!


Do not fuck with Reed Richards. He will fuck you up.


No, that's truthful. It's obvious how dexterous you are; you're just gruff.


That's not my guy, Matt.


(muffled yelling)


She picked you up again?


Just change the subject.


One, and can I dump Smite into this?


Sam who are you talking to? You're facing a potted plant.


Percy, what did you get from it?


Don't spend all your sorcerer's points!


I know, I noticed. She doesn't love me, though.


I mean, I don't know what it does exactly.


I mean, I know I can't--


I can make you invisible. I can make you fly. What would help you get out of here?


I would like to bull rush the dwarf up and against the wall, try and spear him with all the sharp shit on the wall.


What did you use to be?


The tradition continues!


And it's going to hit him!


I mean, he seems to know them. I guess so.


Third spine devil. Same thing-- actually, I get my Grit back. Third spine devil.


Was he in good health?


Oh, that's magical!


24 for the next shot.


Fjord, don't do it. Stop it.


Hurkee durkee durkee.


Is it like the worms that we encountered before?


That's a pretty long story.


I'm sure it takes time to get under him and stuff.


Do we need to hide? Do we need to climb up to its little cave that it was in, maybe? And hide.


I'll take it. Oh, thank you. I add that here?


Are these new opal dice?


One thing we should do  can I get you guys to scurry up to the crow's nest one more time and give a gander for any ships?


(dolphin noises)


New dice!


It's not magical, though.


I'm naked! I'm not naked.


But a quiet Thunderwave, right?


That mini.


Oh, this is getting uncomfortable!


Oh god. I'm so scared.


All the traps that we found.


(laughing) Is that the cloud hiccups?


Yep. 13 strength save.


(slurring) You should do that again. That felt really good. I'll do it.


Yeah, can we all convene in this room?


That's going to be 20 points of damage.


You didn't download the app, though, didn't you, so you didn't hire him.


(sings) Sail!


Yeah, I don't think that's what it is.


Yeah, by us.


It's from 7 to 9 we'll have a band playing, we're gonna do some fun group games. Probably play some inappropriate Cards Against Humanity. And Super Fight and stuff like that.


15, and 17 again. Two plus two.


A religion, jeez. 11.


First Poseidon movie, yeah!


I think I just broke my hand. (laughter)


Got it, okay.


What if we go-- no, the people that are small go around. I'll bamf Trinket out on one side, put Grog in, go back, put Arkhan in, go back? We work our way around the runes.


They won't find us.


I bet she doesn't want to talk about that. That's a good shiner.


Yeah, I was gonna slam him into the wall.


Welcome to human.


I'm good. No, everything's good here. Just not everywhere else.


Huh? What?!


Oh, 500 gold. That's fine. And they'll still get to collect their winnings from the pit?


Yes. Valentine's Day weekend.


We can leave Trinket.


Sorry, Feywild interference, what was that?


Thanks, boss! Yeah.


The speech does what? Does the speech regain hit points?


Did your character in the time jump go to the Feywild, or go sailing on the sea?


Oh. Trinket's not worth second level?


Is that his first name?


I'll pick it up and look at it.


Any creature who targets the warded creature with an attack must first make a wisdom saving throw.


It might have been the loss of your Samson-like powers.


What was it? 24?


My Aunt Edna.


What-- Oh! What exactly were we doing? I'm sorry, I've had a night.


Yeah, that's the thing, he was holding.


A deep V?


Specifically toward the taint, Matt. Pike's on a tear today.


It's like a conspiracy, and we're in the middle of it!


No, he was literally an evil fiend.


Bramble-shot. Sounds tasty.


We could run away, bring the book and run away.


Or crab.


We seek knowledge and power.


It's not that weird.


She's made her interest pretty clear.


And is there anything behind the webs? Just rubble?


That's way worse. That's a 16.


You mean these shirts?


Dungeons & Dragons just broke!


I rolled a three, but because of reliable talent, anything lower counts as a ten. Ten plus my persuasion of seven is 17. I'm just rusty.


Your beard is glorious.


Yeah. Boy, I've been holding on to a thing for a while now. Taryon, that scamp, gave me a gift ages ago. He became a fan after I pranked his ass at the beach. He caught the bug, and before we said our goodbyes, he talked to me for a bit and gave me something.


Is she around?


Pro-JECT that Alpha.


Oh my god. Okay. I don't want to hit it. I don't want to go away. Fuck. I don't want to leave my Pikey. I'm not going to leave my Pikey. You never leave your wingman. No.


Just a little - I'm getting the dirt off of it. I'm getting the hair off of it.


Because I'm a jerk. That's why you saved Taryon, 'cause I'm-- because I can be a bad friend.


No, I'm going to, can I move, if I stay in his flank, if I move away from the three guys that are surrounding me, they're--


There's important work to be done here.


I'm enlarged.


I feel like we were in Wildemount, but I have no idea. Where are the places that are winter?


Can I use my dagger that I have?


Yeah. Oh, and hey. Thank you. Back at the sphinx. Your sister was unconscious, and you dove in to save me. That was very nice.


Next week, with new Vox Machina member Wil Wheaton. Thank you for your service, Taliesin.


Hell, yeah. Why not? We got it, man.


You get knocked unconscious?


Yes. It was so thrilling.


That could work.


There's no way to just quickly push the other door open, too, is there?


It's a badge of honor.


Gives me plus two to my initiative.


There's just one above-deck cabin.


That's what I wanted. One last laugh.


And me.


That's why people have bathhouses, to clean up.


I didn't think anything, I'm going up.


Yeah, and she's going to start going (gibberish).


No! I stand in front of him and say  no! Please don't!


In the dragon again.


I would like a steel beanie as well.


That's a violent reaction.


And the gun is going to turn to look at him.


Just that it's the coolest. No, it's actually weirdly personal to put it together and put it up. It feels like you're baring your soul. So I hope you guys enjoy my soul. And also, song three, which is like... everything.


I should've just gone evil.


What? Who said that? If you can can hear me-- I don't think you can-- come back with the group.


(deadpan) Well, this has been pleasant.


Wait, so we've got one, two, two, four?


Fuck. That was great.


Monster Lab.


If that's the case, we'll get the boat. If not, we'll let drone sparrow activate.


Don't attack him up close. Don't let him get close to us.


I'm going to keep an eye on the deal as well.


We'll keep the horn from leaving.


Yes, that's the point of this, to get Trinket to run into you is the point. His attack bonus is plus eight.


I only tell you because I saw you speaking with him several times and thought you might want to know.


Hey, I had to try. (laughter)


Funny, I feel like I've seen you about in the last few hours, watching us.


That's not still active anymore?


That's fine. That is a 29.


Thank you. It's all I ever wanted. It's weird, once you reach a life goal and then realize you have the rest of your life. I guess I just find new goals. Sometimes it's hard being a prodigy because then you just grow up to be a regular adult.


If we misty there we could also camp for the night.


I'm thinking about my mother as I fall backward through space.


So I believe you just set up a lifetime of unreasonable expectations.


Oh, good. Plates. I'll have a plate.


I'm going to start football rushing that way.


Get those clippers out, though. (bzzz)


Something went wrong with him at birth.


Sure. What can I do for you?


And put beads in it. And a few flowers, as well.


You almost called me your own name. It's okay. You'll be fine.


I have awesome bracers.


We've been really trying to talk to the glove.


It was "How long does Ogden take to get ready in the morning?" But now I know.


Caleb, always pretending he's hurt.


I got a really good feeling about what you're about to do.


I can do that for you.


How long have you been here in the Empire?


So this is a get out of jail free card.


Ha-ha.


Oh, he just -


That was 38 to hit.


While this was going on, and she was distracted.


That's a very good idea.


♫ Molto bene, molto bene, molto bene, molto bene ♫


You know what? It's fine.


Two plus seven. Two plus seven is ten.


Oh my god. Pick the dice that I use.


No, he created this situation, I'm all right with this.


Okay, so I'll move closer to where I think the guy is.


I feel comfortable with the level of risk-taking of jumping into a giant sphere that crushes anything it touches.


Oh! I'm so nervous! 19?


Is it about time for high tide?


Yeah, that’ll do it. 25 points of damage.


Yeah, you've got inspiration, friend.


(singing) Yeah, yeah, yeah.


19 is my save.


Where is my spell DC? Well, it's weird, I'm not a spell--


That's more money than my parents ever made in their entire life.


Five. I was also supposed to be against the wall, by the way. There you are, right there. Thank you. Five.


So do they let go? It says they fall prone, which they can't do underwater, but they are incapacitated, it says. So do they let go?


I rolled low.


(soft voice) Fever. She has a fever.


How's Horse?


Well, shit. I'm going to drop the watery sphere.


We're going to ask him some questions.


Always go earth elemental.


No, can I Control Water and levitate the urine?


Yeah, hopefully.


I can't move.


Because, you didn't- where the fuck. (all laugh)


I think so, because I've never doubled my dice.


Oh jeepers, we're going to die.


I'm out with them.


He already did 150 getting to your turn so he'll be able to do another 150--


I'm still playing catch-up, one second. Hi! I was curious-- I was looking to maybe start learning how to make some healing potions of some kind--


I'm getting carried away. Okay. 23.


You have a sister.


Put it on the wishlist.


Troy Baker.


Okay. I'll run back then, I guess.


To the Tealeaf.


That's a loaner.


I bet that horse made a great gift for someone else, you probably made somebody really happy. Maybe a little girl who wanted a horsie for her birthday.


Okay. Can I move forward so I can see?


I'm going to keep walking down that hall, where we just were.


I’m right behind you. In the room, in the door behind you.


Is that an Ashari song?


Six points of damage-- six points of healing.


I really do. I will cover Caleb's body with mine.


I walk off. I'm not getting part of this.


So I would do it first.


What about the jewels? Should we get rid of the jewels?


I'm gonna go for the ents.


I love Starship Troopers. I'm excited.


Are there fissures? Steam vents?


I can fly. I can look and fly.


The woods are full of Irishmen.


God, we've found a hipster.


Yeah, let’s get out.


All right, all right. This creature is very injured. I think we need to heal her just enough--


This thing must be worth them dying for.


He's at the bottom?


I'm peeking out of the pond.


Can I bring my Spiritual Weapon with me?


I guess everyone knows at this point, so it's okay now.


And that could get how many of us up?


All right. (laughter)


I'll start, you follow.


To Whitestone?


It's Uma Thurman, it's fucking Kill Bill.


What? There's a training area downstairs just for me.


No, and we're never going to forget it. It's going to ride with us until we're dead.


Brain?


I heard Nott telling me something.


I understand when I'm being condescended to, even when I'm drunk!


It's dried in the hair, though, and caked in.


Number two  wit and tact.


He's rolling really well.


Pike and I go to peek out the door, because we're not eating shit vegan breakfast.


What do you mean, a fake cat?


Allies.


I said we start planting statues of Thordak or Raishan in other dragons' territories. Ultimately, though, what we need is we need someone who knows the dragons' weaknesses. We need to know what pushes their buttons.


That's good to know. I have advantage on anything having to do with dragons.


Which you do not do.


I put it back on Caleb and tuck him into it.


(counts)


I think we should call them Dookies.


Who's on a horse? Am I on the cart, or am I on a horse?


That is just fine. There are more of us waiting a ways away.


And to EmeraldStar in the chat, who named their puppy Grog, that's awesome.


Fart jokes!


Children have no hit points!


I'm reach down and put the tip of my finger in the hole.


Don't put words in my mouth!


You don't double it.


No, they won't. Because I will kill you first. Tell me what you've seen.


But his singing skill makes it very bassy and full.


Insight? Do I get a bonus for that right now? It's a wisdom-- yeah!


It was just Vax and Allura--


I forgot that that's what that was. I felt a (whirring), you know?


Only ten years ago! She's been gone for close to 20.


Could we turn into a marine layer?


You were just supposed to bring Tary back to his dad?


Who am I after in the initiative?


I'm lost.


So anything else we get to keep ourselves?


What if I owe you a favor?


Sure, if you'd like.


Wait, there's an orb coming up from where?


Wait. Take this vial of acid, just in case. I don't know. Maybe she'll try something and you just splash it in her face. I don't know.


Don't let him get ahead of us! Open that thing!


Scanlan One, 19. Scanlan Two, 21.


Oh, shit. Sorry, you're right. I forgot that that's not a free action. Okay, I'm done.


Apparently my breath stinks, so if anyone has any gum, I'll take it.


Oh yeah. Quite a while.


Had to ask.


But where is it?


Grog! Water boy?


Brave Coral.


Whoa! Okay, I'll do that!


cloven crystal.


You mean use him like Weekend at Bernie's?


Attack her right now, and we'll discuss terms. I'm not actually sure I could double it, but I could definitely make it worth your while right now. It would be hilarious. She's awful!


You are the worst person, I love you.


He's got a bunch more.


Then we could go inside a dragon again.


Side note, I let Trinket give me bear-kisses all over my face. Vex never lets Trinket kiss her face, and it's so sad, and I let him just drool all over my face everywhere.


What is this? What is this creepy, weird--


Look up. Yeah.


There was shit in there, anyway.


She is a little girl, to be fair.


Mid-range potion?


Live sex. Live sailor sex!


Give it to Mikey, he'll try anything.


If what?


So this dead thing is here in front of me?


It's somehow worse than stink pouch as far as what it evokes.


Oh, did you want some as well?


Should we look for perimeter alarms or traps?


Oh, but I had a good roll.


Right. I go back to our group and say, well, I was spotted for sure. Nobody seemed to pay me very much mind, but there's nobody here that looks like us. I don't know if we've happened to pop into a particular area of the city that is inhabited mostly by devils, but that's where we are.


I don't know. They're probably selling drugs to each other.


Taking out a loan?


Sorry to disturb your slumber.


Take a break!


Bing bang bong bing bong bing bong!


Wait, that's not a bad idea. Pike, can we temporarily enchant the magic carpet as a spotlight as we fly over? As a light death ray?


He's writing it down!


Oh, this is so depressing. I'm not going to even pretend that this is true. Absolutely not. No. You'll be miserable, and that will make her miserable.


So what are you doing, Keyleth? Are you staying in there?


I got it. I'll pick it up and start reading.


Bow's on the ground.


17, plus what?


(sings) Even Phillip had a--


Wait, there's a little bit of skull right there. All right.


Oh, thank God you're here and safe! We missed you! Somehow we got separated! Friends.


I'm with you.


I'm not saying that you're not serious but-- (sighs)


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!


I put a lot of healing potions into my group.


It came up out of the lake for some reason.


You got Dis!


It'd be kicking the hornet's nest, certainly.


At disadvantage?


They're 20 feet high, so, high up.


Mm. It's the Nine Hells. Is there a word for 'thank you'? Do they thank people there?


So 12 total?


Chamomile.


Wherever they are. Celestial, Common, Sylvan. With my experience tinkering with Comprehend Languages, would I believe this is something I could--?


Yeah! Where are they?


Here's an interesting thing to contemplate about this whole problem, is that we have three dragons still at large. Three dragons who have probably found cities of their own, so the chances that they're going to come back and take time away from their own city to go look at one that's, in theory, already taken over is very thin. And if they are traveling, then they're going to travel to cities that haven't been plundered yet.


That first part of what you said rhymed.


Get low.


It's a two. Plus 11 is not going to hit.


You live in a serpent?


Do we need to have the rights to that song?


(laughing) Wait--


Cock and balls.


That's real funny.


We've had a run-in with the family once--


Not no more he don't.


So we're going to take a rest. What if I--


Yeah! Amy Dallen had her episode. It's great. This week is Eric Campbell coming up in the run. And you should go-- (airhorn noises)-- and you should go watch 'em.


Disadvantage on the attack. Oh, balls. One.


So we're on cliffs facing the ocean, right now?


We're trying to do less of that.


I'll flip my coat inside out to my brown side and put up the hood.


She's the doctor, right?


Yeah, I've got 100 hit points still.


Three eyes, each one is an onyx stone?


I pull out Fenthras, and I show him again what I've carved on the front of it. Sinaeth. Do you remember when I told you about this?


Are we adding plus ten?


No, that one cursed me before. That one was bad. Let's do this one. Oh, that's better. That's better. 18.


Oh my gosh, it took a look from Pike!


I'll put him in my hood and stuff and warm up.


He's gone.


I know for sure, 100%. I am not going to do that ever again with anyone like her or anyone similar.


So all the money we have is pretty much the money we have.


All right, yeah, he's seems to think it's all right. Let's go with the storage room. If there's anything that looks edible, you can eat it. It's fine.


You're all going to die, man!


You could do it!


Or there's no one left to send.


I will help.


See, Kiri, I think they would have called if they really needed me. I think no news is good news, and--


That is true. I'm going to put this in a special place, so that we have it in case we need it. Okay?


Ja, definitely the art.


But doable?


I'm applying my changes to my health.


He's here.


It damages your hair.


Oh! That's a good idea.


No, don't read-- it's nothing to read. Just open it up and show us all what you find.


You don't know. She might've rolled a 78.


Yeah, so you take this, you're a better, you know, I'm always thinking about things, and I'm not very good with amounts and money. So you carry it.


I'll go there, yeah, there.


You're out, yes!


Oh look, we seem to be coming to something interesting in the road.


Yai. Was that right?


Hey, you broke through!


Hosted by Brian Wayne Foster.


With the hammer.


That's going to hit.


Oh shit, I came off like a crazy person just then!


I will heal Gern.


So one, two, three type of a thing. What about the arrow to the left?


How about a Howard Dean?


Uma, has anyone ever told you that you have eyes like the sea?


The only one who doesn't wear armor is you.


Can I cast that if I have a scroll?


I didn't. Fucking, goddamn it.


Yeah, let's go for it. This is a terrible plan. I think it's a great idea.


Hello. What're your two names?


Hour?


I should know this.


How far have we traveled at this point?


Yeah, I have Observant  Read Lips meaning I can read lips from any language I can understand.


Three, plus (yelps) four equals seven.


To be fair, no worse than anything that happens to a killer whale at SeaWorld at that point.


Oh good. Okay. The first place, though, could you point me in the direction of it from here?


Is there a beach?


No, no, I'm using the bone as the utensil.


How many of them? About 30?


But it's free!


Also, there's a girl floating in the water.


12. Save.


Did you just say bougie? Ugh. God, never mind, I don't like you again.


Great, thank you sir. You know what, I can make this paperwork disappear. This is fine.


We came up with bupkus.


You play good!


That Vasselheim accent is rubbing off on you, Pike.


Both hit, both crit, okay.


I haven't done this in so long. 17 to hit.


Oh wait. Hold on. Where did it go? I'm sorry, I forgot how to play.


Here's the next question  do I have any chance of grabbing anything with my hands and feet on the way down?


I have just gone whiter-- My face has gone whiter than it has since I became a paladin of the fucking Raven Queen, seeing Keyleth just get swallowed up, but I am going to trust that Grog and she are going to get themselves out of there, and I am going to look to where Keyleth pointed, and try to see a lump or something, in the sand.


Go brush his teeth, have a deuce, all that stuff.


Are you sad that you will no longer be the tallest member of our group?


Well, we're really in for a fucking fight, huh?! When the game gives you eight superiors.


Just commandeer her, she's tiny!


Have you ever been unconscious?


That's right. Well?


Doing your bidding.


Does it look like Jester chopped off Algar's hand?


Have we forgotten that this entire town is full of evil, undead vampire people?


I will walk 15 feet backward into the tunnel I'm in. (Bane voice) I will walk 15 feet backward.


It really frustrates him.


That was the damage, was 27.


(nervous laugh) Okay, then. Then I don't do that. Instead, I will-- I've got nothing to do! Let's say I will try to-- is she-- it's a he.


As I approach I put my finger over my mouth and look at her. Can she see us?


There's a giant note here that says, "Kill Grog. He's gotten too powerful." All right, so we're going to talk about Talks Machina, which is the new Critical Role after-slash-talk show. (cheering)


Caleb, I respect you and all of your intentions, but your caution does not get to control other people's destinies.


I thought she was disguised.


That is a four-- No, hold on--


What's it saying?


While we're waiting, can I cast Armor of Agathys on myself?


Still conscious.


Was it?


-- me. Yeah.


There was something in the corner. Something that was not bones, but it wasn't moving.


How many crew are there?


Okay! Do you have a color in mind?


Erin. Like Erin-yes!


Eight hours, yeah.


Oh god! How long has he been like that?


What kind of goods and services?


I mean, it was sludgy enough. Was there groundwater?


Yes, so I have breastplate armor that has black dragon scales embedded in it, right?


Well, it's been d10 for a while.


Me, too.


To a far wooded area where magic is permissible, outside of Vasselheim.


And pass them out to Percy, Little Elf Boy, Little Elf Girl, and Jumbo.


Oh! Right there! See? That symbol matches with this one.


Are the good guys unconscious?


Four plus four, eight. Plus three points of necrotic for 11 damage.


My favorite line  "This contract as a whole remains until the predetermined period of eternity." That's my favorite!


Those giants. Who controls them?


Then you pay your debt to us.


Was there anyone you were close to?


Maybe one boat stays behind, the other scouts it out?


He knows Allura because he knew the Council members. He was the one that sent us off to find...


Widow's Embrace?


Wa-pang! (gasps)


All right, I'm going to take two swings.


What happens to her concentration spell?


Hasum?


18 for the second one.


Or attempting to kiss.


Advantage! I'm so glad I made such a hearty meal.


Thanks, captain.


Oh, chicken!


I'll have to look that up. We had so much stuff. I'll look it up.


Stealth.


Can we read any of the runes that are on the--


We pay you!


I love trade. Trade is brilliant.


It probably would have been-- Like, you would have gone evil-evil?


Whose baby? Where are they? Why were they crying? We'll find out next week.


Eeey!


Oh no, if only we had another gun.


Yeah, let's turn like people again.


Do you like the work?


I have a copy. In my noodle.


Celestial sextuplets.


This is a group vacation. This is what this is now.


I'm going to Arnold Schwarzernegger from True Lies run and jump off the dock and dive into the water, heading straight towards the boat in a straight line because my speed is the same on land or in the water and I will double dash to the boat.


Yo momma is the kraken.


Oh, that. Yeah, I killed a couple people and I saved Trinket, that's all.


Can he take us safely to the tower?


Well, you're still not supposed to, technically. Do you want me to pull it out?


My name's Keg.


Okay, I'll give the five gold for that.


I'm going to sit next to Ogden.


That's tight, right there.


Viskon? We've heard the name Viskon before.


Or we just kill them. I'll go down and get it myself.


Did you know, Fjord, that the thing inside of you is called the cloven crystal?


Take them!


Yeah, that's right. I can break combat with it. It doesn't matter, right? At this point? Or does it get an attack of opportunity?


Does he get double Pass without a Trace?


Shit. She can swim; she'll be okay. She's so strong and powerful.


I'm going to quickly grab two arrows from one of the dead lizards and stick them in his chest, and I'm going to walk out. I want to go-- yeah.


It's a very big spell. It's 8d6. Can't really use it. I'll try to Hold Monster again.


We've got all three.


We should get these of the other ladies.


That's going on your tombstone  I realize what I'm doing, and I stop.


I would agree. Perhaps send him, I will send him--


Okay. You're going to go research Orcus?


(high-pitched) Do you like my outfit?


It's the "Ale of the Month" Club.


Son of a-- go ahead and do that. Go ahead.


Shake it off.


Is it amazing?


Upwards. So that they can--


It's a contentious relationship.


It'd be us two and maybe Vax, as well.


Yasha, will you come here, please?


She controlled the water?


Do I have an action or did I double dash to get down here?


Well, that all depends on you, Beauregard.


Clive.


You've been with him?


I don't hit things with swords.


I do a burpee off the floor.


You just don't pay attention.


(laughs) That's an attack.


I got 15 extra hit points.


Yeah, wouldn't that be crazy if he was already dead?


I don't know how I would make it go on an angle without causing problems.


Do you think we should go get it to make sure? We should have asked for some sort of identifying feature.


Listen to me, there is a store in here called Chastity's Nook that sells dirty books. I have heard of it for months, and I am going to shop at this store, and if you want to make three gold-- and if this one wants to make three gold-- you will let me in there to shop for smut at the store.


Silted Veil and the Crypts of Tholmura?


I got you one better. I'll shove in my staff and push against the pillar and use it as leverage, see if I can pry it open.


I cast Silence on Vax. (all laugh)


You're in! Okay. You're good!


Pick your leader.


We're like the mighty.


I don't think you wanted to do that either.


The break doesn't exist.


One. Two. Scanlan?


That's in D&D Beyond. (singing) D&D Beyond.


Either that, or Vasselheim. One of the two will have options, I'm sure.


No, that's okay, better safe than sorry. I'll let you know when I see.


Kana.


My swim speed is my regular speed.


Oh, I know.


You guys go. I'll wait here just in case.


Doing exactly what she does?


There's multiple.


Lodestone! And I do Control Water?


What if we run out and tell people to stop fucking fighting and wait until tomorrow?


Where is my perception--? Oh. Five.


Will he know it was us?


That was our reasoning last time, no, we do this, I think we do this tonight.


I'm sitting playing with the cards.


That's quite the offer. Seem to be opening up the whole kit and caboodle for us here.


Well, shall I share a vision I had?


As long as someone is.


Very wise.


You've got, no, he has Fassbender.


And the Shademirk Bog pours out of the tree?


Because he's stunned.


(sing "mmmbop")


Well, I have another go.


It was a bad decision!


You met a bear?


Do you know who used to reside there, Doctor?


Doesn't always turn out terribly, either.


That would be terrible.


Why am I not always doing Great Weapon Master? What the fuck is the matter with me? 28, with a point of necrotic.


Fuck you, meatball! (cheering)


In a direction for several minutes.


Yeah, I'm probably going to.


Or we could just go.


Yeah, Clarota is a mind flayer, it's his bag.


I'm going to cast Message. Fjord, we are reloaded and ready to fire. If you want me to fire, literally reply with any word. You can reply to this message. Fuck. (laughter)


I'll stay with Scanlan in case things go wrong.


No. You should stay in the guest room. Come.


Don't touch attacks avoid AC?


It's just not a nice place.


You could try to bake with it. Maybe it's bakeable.


Who else needs to go across?


This is George Foreman.


I have water! (spraying)


Oh yeah. From six feet off the ground.


There's no difference, right?


I get the sense that you have bigger plans than that, even. Cobalt. Monk. I get a sense.


We understand each other. Cut palm to cut palm.


Jarett's pretty badass, but I don't think he can handle that.


Do we want to waste any time trying to take your broom up and see how high this barrier goes?


Okay, I go upstairs.


All five of my gold. Do I have my motherfucking books?


Let me just check for traps. I'm going to walk around the immediate area checking for traps. 22.


Good to know. How did you end up here?


Oh, sweet! Yeah, let's fully rest.


Why are you helping us?


Oh, well where'd you come from? That's so stupid.


Oh shit! We almost forgot about Ulog!


Against a bat.


So we know which tunnel she pointed towards?


I start pushing the boat back in the water and I jump in and I start jumping up and down.


Temporary hit points. Yeah. They go up. Does he get them now, or does it start next round?


Can I grab Keyleth and Vex real quick?


(retching noise) I threw up so many dice!


We might need her to restart civilization.


We could just sleep before all this stuff happens because damn!


Yeah. What's the item? I mean. I'm sure my father would want to know what's the item.


I'm going to poke up and put my head in as well. There's no trap doors? Nowhere where anybody could be hiding?


Is that carriage. Is the carriage still there?


Burt Reynolds?


Yeah, let her do her thing. I think we can afford a few minutes. Then Grog could finish attuning-- oh, you did. That "stop hitting yourself" hammer was attuned.


Maybe it doesn't know math well. Maybe it doesn't move right.


That's a lie. I get on advantage on attacks, they don't have disadvantage on me.


(pigeon cooing) Cover it up. Walk away.


Well, that's what I'm saying.


Zombie guards aren't going to-- giants are stupid.


Okay, well. What if I just write "Ha ha ha, I'm so glad you guys are going to suffer, I got away scot free."


All right, well then I'll just keep running down the plank and then use bonus action to dash another 30 feet.


Yeah, I go and I tie one end of it to the heaviest piece of furniture I can find in the foyer.


I used my last magic poo to look at my daughter.


Pretty good overall.


I knew he was going to do that!


Damn! At least I got Hunter's Mark. Okay.


You do have a small house if you're feeling--


Let's all go in that back way and see if we can stealth around.


Hit this and stand on this side of it, and that should do some intense damage.


If you really wanted to, we could PCH this and basically hit the coast and then take that really annoyingly long drive from San Francisco-- but it's so pretty.


Don't break him, please.


Well, that was a bitch. What do you say we cut to the chase and hammer this shit out?


And I have advantage on this.


You've been giving us really good inspirational speeches. Get up and say something.


If we do, that's 60 gold apiece. That's Laura talking. (laughter)


Kamehameha.


Plus two.


Thanks, Pike! That's convenient.


Can I just say, good morning, old friend.


Plus, there are sewers.


If I talk to them will I be heard?


Good man, I will see you when my need arises again.


Well, I'm... Men, too.


Natural one?


No, no that hits. No, actually - yeah, I can't do that, can I? Fuck.


No, up. Towards you; the other side.


I'll say we'll go to the Bisaft Isle.


Slay a dragon. And there's more, but the list is extensive and I'd like to conquer various beasts, rescue different people, find different treasures. It's going to be quite an adventure.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us again.


Absolutely, but in this moment, a little bullshitty.


No, he can sleep with the pigs. I'll stay in the free room.


We're still in it.


Oh, they must have seen him right after you saw him.


Caleb probably has wandered close enough to the boat now, and hearing--


Yeah, I should've attacked.


Wait, isn't that her second how do you want to do this tonight?


Live streaming.


Yasha, you want to take another point? Fighters and casters?


We should definitely pay it, though.


Yeah, that's something we can find out in the morning.


All right, all right, all right. Seeming, how about that?


To the north?


What Molly sees is a dwarven woman with a five o'clock shadow, a cigarette hanging out of her mouth, extremely battered, bloodied, rusted armor, full armor, and short, greasy hair. And she has a big ol' axe in one hand, and a big ol' hammer in the other. Does she see these folk now?


Oh, I forgot we got hookah. Oh my god.


Pike, I have to eventually go visit the Water Ashari, but I didn't want to do that without you.


I'm going to gingerly start looking to see if anything is useful, because I have a lot of plans.


Leonard Hyphen Leonard. Got it.


We technically have been hired to go in and take care of it. We're just working in trade.


Okay, I repeat that again in my head.


You have to continue to do it?


And it attacks the nearest non-demon thing for six rounds.


There was a rumble. Okay, we need to get Grog, the others, and--


And stone Kima.


Making little bits for everybody.


Hey man, if I can't be a hero here, where am I gonna do it?


Which part?


But how do you know that he isn't setting you up to be turned into the Crownsguard?


Avantika's crew are still manacled up?


--relic or artifact around here, or heard of something called the Pale Stone?


Charisma modifier is zero.


What the-- wow!


Yeah. Boy, I'm going to need to switch shoulders! Getting a little roll in the ol' righty there.


Pass Without a Trace I cast on all of us.


You said he was a demon and he was actually a devil.


Oh, nuts!


Beau, Caleb got these for you.


Disguise Self as we get closer.


Isn't one of them encased in ice?


Oh, please. Pooper face. You were so poopy the entire end of that game.


(shouting) Wait, Kas! Is this Kas? Are you Kas? Kas, this is counterproductive. This is counterproductive! We're all going after Vecna! This is so stupid! You are ruining your chance of killing Vecna by attacking us.


When she does come back with Asum, this plan that we started in on-- it's a good one?


They're celebrating anything these days.


There's still a matter of some things beneath the castle that we must deal with first.


Also, perhaps adorn the castle with a few of them, as well.


But you passed your first one.


We can look in the box without.


Anything that's an obvious trap in the bedroom.


Everyone in the clan, I assume, is related somehow, but--


It's a fair fight.


It was 22.


I have Sharpshooter, I don't know if that helps at all.


Ow! Fuck!


And then I Hunter's Mark him.


I can get around very fast. Why don't I go look?


Dim the lights.


Let's do that, yeah.


Is anybody else waking up at this point?


He sees the sea. Look at him.


Oh, nice, dude!


Well I was trying to sample the merchandise for you. Because if it was just a cat it was just a cat, but this one-- changes to my other shoulder-- he's a magic cat.


(whispering) Oh, it's a slave. They get a slave.


Yeah, you didn't want me to even scry on him and now we're talking about just popping in on him? I feel like there's a weird crossing of the lines.


It feels like the longest walk yet. (laughter)


Oh, I could have done something about that.


"I didn't watch Matlock--"


Do you understand what I am saying? Do you speak? Is his ward awake?


(ding ding ding) Like Scott Pilgrim? Oh, look! Coins. (laughs)


It's a robot.


Is it a surprise attack?


Okay, so I am going to steady my arm against the other arm and point at it, and blacken my hand and send a Fire Bolt at it. Here it goes, we'll see if it hits probably not. No, I don't think it does. That is a 11.


A cave bear.


And I have such a large house, you might as well just come and live over here, right?


Do you have mass Restoration?


I'm trying, I'm trying!


I miss Vax so much.


Excuse me, we have been doing very well on our travels at sea, and we are looking to share the duties and want to hire a bigger crew. I know there's many docks around here, but why wouldn't I start here, of course. Do you know-- is this a good place, is there anyone who's looking for work right now? We're going on a journey, oh, you know, three or four or five or six weeks, perhaps. One-time job.


There's always room for jello.


This is the standard.


Little royal girl.


15, 16, 17.


That was a ring of holding, yeah. Good stuff.


Mertin Cyndrial... Well, this should be interesting. We'll set off on our journey right away, then.


A general, yes.


We're going to the outer wall of the Tri-Spire.


Yes, but you get used to it and it mellows the longer you're around him.


Do you want to fucking fuck this knife hole with a sword?


Let's not get overly speculative here.


Big six!


And suddenly he disappears, it's so funny that--


So we'll just be aware there's a huge envoy.


Or it's just a sword that just likes blood.


18 was the second attack damage. And I'm going to hop on my broom. I'm already on my broom. I'm going to fly so I can get closer. I'll hover here. I want to be closer to Pike. Is it possible to get across to the other side?


It's not a lot of time to--


Kill it, Nott!


I'm going to try to do a bit of a science experiment, and cast Fire Bolt at the one next to Beauregard, and see if it even works down here.


Wow. No, no, no, no.


I'll just cast stoneskin on myself. Okay, Stoneskin cast on you. That brings us to Vex.


I rolled for Pike, too. Is that right?


So we'll all go. We'll take the last of the-- I can't believe I'm going to say this-- the last of the 'fugees.


Oh, I've missed you, too.


I'm going to see if I can get them to leave the house and if they don't leave the house, then I think you should probably shoot them with that thing.


This game is a nightmare.


I have no idea where I am.


Okay, you're good. Go for it, yeah.


Oh, God! Yes! Oh, God! I forgot to look for any traps!


Wait, when did this happen?


Hope it's home.


It's hooded, so you can close off the light.


That's a very bold decision, well done.


I'm allergic to cats.


Well, there's only four games left, Sam.


Any foes of yours in this Darktow? Anyone we should look out for?


I think it goes pretty bad.


(whispers) Sweet, thorns.


There's a fairly good chance we need to go down through this. Grog and Keyleth? You're probably the best suited for this, you because your fucking chest is so big and you because you can turn into water.


The keg is wet.


She barely even gave that shit to me. Keep going!


Pillow Trove!


We fucking killed her. How did we kill her before? How did she die?


Let's get this thing done.


I'm all in. Violence. That's what I came away with.


That's smart. Should I cast it?


I think you did it four times, yeah.


There's a lot of rules and a lot of math. It's a big book.


Wow, oh my god.


It's a different one.


I go over to Trinket and I surreptitiously start feeding him biscuits-- you don't know-- biscuits that I took from my father's house. Good boy, that's a good boy. Good job.


Oh, okay. All right. That's all I wanted to know.


Also, has ten minutes gone by?


(thudding noises) Underground!


I do a little gust cantrip from behind the door to make her hair blow in the wind. (laughter)


Who's going to do it?


In the wall, above the bookshelf?


It's okay. I have it.


I was about to pee, but not-- did it move?


Ooh, that sounds really attractive.


No! What is it? I check it for 18.


I doubt it, though.


I stride forward. I go, in my raspiest, most male voice I say: Hey! You look bigger than the last time I saw you! (laughter)


But you're pretty handsome for a half-monster thing. (whispering) I think Jester likes you.


Eat it! Go, Trinket!


Great. Let's go. (chanting) Checking for traps.


Is there anybody else in Story Mode of Minecraft that we should mention?


That is, unless I can try and move away.


Oh, kickass. Okay. (counting)


Yeah, it's there.


We'll go somewhere else for that. I doubt you guys sell pastries.


I do as well.


Any evil?


Nobody knows that.


I am levitating.


I take my mace, and I slowly try to take one of the bands off.


Oh, I stole a gun. You weren't there for that?


It's going to fly up?


Is that the name of a place?


You're going to see if the troll is inside--


Also, you had no prior knowledge to your family's connection to the mob?


Oh man, you're going to be in so much trouble.


I have a lot of money.


Right. If we're going to go home, I would really, really like to stop by Kraghammer.


So, Vasselheim?


What are we forging?


Or just today, running off to the, to the sigil!


Taking the tunnel, we're taking the secret entrance--


Does the necrotic double? Because it's double all dice?


What are the other kiosks? Are there any?


There's some blood and five long, dark hairs on them.


It was this close!


Oh you killed a wolf?


Yeah, she sobered up and she said that she made a mistake.


Who's hurting real bad?


Beginner's luck.


Wait, where did you get it? I had it in my belt.


Prime.


All right, all right, bad idea.


Okay. Six plus ten is 16, 23, plus one more... 24.


Wait, there's a couple more things.


Those would hit Tiamat.


We're still very tough. (laughter)


We would like nothing more. I think we're on the same page.


No, I think I'm going to just go ahead and be a beholder and fly in there myself.


I think they're lovely.


It's a trap. It's such a trap.


I'm going to go downstairs.


Thank you, Patrick. I don't know if my papa has enough money for these drinks.


I can feel my lips doing that.


I've got to go down there?


Scoop and lift.


Oh my god, yeah. Those was awesome.


It does kind of sound like a wives' tale.


Right above the eyebrow so there's lots of blood, yeah.


I'll take whatever's not liquor.


Whoa! Look!


Pew-pew.


Oh shit! I run up. Stop. Realize how long its arms are. Flip the sword over. Look into the pommel, and fire it into his back, line him up.


How far of a walk is it?


So we on the outside, we can't use Faerie Fire? It's just a bubble of dark? Or do we see Umbrasyl peeking out?


Yeah, I'm walking out.


Yes, that's right. She was being groomed as the heir to the family, and I was being shut out. My mother is here somewhere, too. She's pretty quiet.


Can I walk up to him?


Oh, well I know some of you have been wanting to hear more about Scanlan, and we thought it would be great to release a concert tee of his. Wait, turn around, because it's even better on the back. (cheering)


It's nighttime, the moonlight makes everything sort of look purple.


Yeah, of course.


Fjord, can you see it?


Sure, we can let her go.


We're all pretty sure about that.


But we're like 400 feet up.


The target is grappled. The target is considered restrained. I can also fly with my grappled target at half of my speed. It's 2d6 plus six piercing damage. Right?


Oh, the Grand Duchess and Frumpkin will be best of friends.


I'm also going to put Bless on the octopus before it.


I pull out my hat and I put it on.


Archfey. Okay.


Yo, you got some bonus shit?


That's cool. Okay. With disadvantage?


Is there money involved?


I think the four of us here are all Warmachine Hordes players.


I turn into a giant eagle. And I'll fly Grog up.


Can I try to make my wisdom save before I do anything, or does that come at the end?


Used to transport souls? Give me a second.


And I will have them attack.


It's the Cajun turtle!


I would like to age rage.


You're going to change into a pit fiend in the library?


I'm going to turn around and whisper to Caleb: Are you going to do the thing? But I'm using Message, so no one can hear us. Are you going to do the thing? If not, I can do my thing.


Well, that happened.


He's beauty pageant crying.


Yeah, perception check around. Oh, that looks good.


Shanty's a fancy name for a mansion, right?


Okay, can I give him-- can I take off my Ioun Stone as an action, and swap his crown?


21, 31.


Let's check it out.


Very pleasant, they're very friendly. That's about it.


No I didn't.


Enchanted arrows is what she's asking for.


But Groggy-poo was.


It's a little spooky, right? It's fun, though. Listen, I wanted to talk to you for a moment. I'm not really good at this sort of thing, but about what you said last night, about being a good liar. You're right. You really are a good liar.


Right there. Yeah, roll around next to him, one dagger in. That is a 29.


Like a couple on Valentine's Day. Who forgot it was Valentine's Day.


I've been really enjoying watching people attempt to figure out what it is. Right now, Percy's in a hole underground, so it's not his favorite place to be.


Actually, I may have remembered something about the Loch? What do I, would I have remembered anything at all?


That's difficult terrain, though, so if I burn my action I'm only going to get 30 feet.


It's like a real game!


No, remember? I said leave Trinket behind?


And it's got art.


Tiberius. Do it.


This is a commander's strike.


29, and then I guess, as his bonus action, he'll inspire Vax, who's not even here.


Yeah, I saw his rage, and I-- no, I'm going to rage, because I want to mimic. Like, hey, I can rage, too! Watch this! So do I roll that?


That might be harder to do. Maybe we go down to the Lochward.


Yeah. It could be tonight.


Yeah, I texted her the gist of what happened.


The big pointy hat, it's really dorky.


I was wanting to do a ki point to do Patient Defense again.


They're little flowers!


Just give us a rough sketch, maybe? instead of keeping it secret?


Sure. Here.


The dickhead that built our frigging keep!


I'm going to-- (sighs) Is that brain fluid still floating around it? Like, out and stuff?


That's a hit.


So these guys both potentially have like a hundred hit points.


Yeah, you're not like a shared hallucination, right?


And when you mean seared, like acid? Or like heat?


Holy shit. That was amazing.


All right, fine, fuck it. With desperation that this might fall away, I throw my goliath fist at him.


I can't Cutting Words?


I could probably ride him, and if shit goes south, I could get away.


Visions? You had a vision?


But seriously, they are giving away a Legendary Bundle on their Facebook page, and they're offering up a special discount code, GENCON2018, for 25% off any digital products. Okay, I'm done!


You know what, you sent it to me forever ago, it's in my email somewhere, Matt.


I got my money on Ballsack!


You just shit all over her.


Can I do a check to see if I recognize any of these things?


Did you complete the mission?


And how many duergar left? How many--


There's 20 shirts left?


I hate these things.


Yeah, I know an ancient dwarven one that says no risk...


That's fair. That's fair.


Oh my god, Vex, are you okay?


Ten for me.


We're keeping things safe. Vox Machina. Woo, let's go.


Plus, we’re returning customers.


Congratulations. That's good to know.


Okay, Freedom of Movement is not. I'm going to cast Freedom of Movement on you again, and then I think Enhance Ability is, though, so I'm going to use my concentration to give you Cat's Grace, right? You were using dexterity for the smelting?


Jump, Jester, jump!


I was Alight, a level 15 fire genasi.


That's pronounced boysness.


Sorry! I'm going to House Thunderbrand before turning in this evening. I've had a nice little short rest and I would like to ask them a few questions.


Ja, a little bit!


I was totally sleeping.


High rolls. Big money, no whammies. It could be worse.


Are you even here?


So you remember when we went to General Krieg's house?


So I'm going to come in and I see a headless dude with mist swirling around him?


Not the cube. A rod that cannot be moved.


Anyway, I just wanted to say -


It's impossible.


He didn't seem to know anything, I think Allura is the person to go to right now.


The whole time I'm grumbling like  Oh I could have gotten that last Toll of the Dead! It would have heard a really good bell and instead I'm doing this! (laughter)


Full movement?


Could have been worse, although you are our tank.


See, I know his mother's name!


Oh! Don't get handsy, Bigby. (laughter)


Yeah, why don't we unlock her and just let her book for it?


I need to resupply everything.


And we still have the neck thing.


Roll off! Roll off, Percy!


This is what happens when you de-enchant the carpet.


Put him in a cell.


All I just saw was "dark aura" in really dark letters.


I'm just feeling so tired.


Tree Uber.


Hey, as a thank you for that.


And they're all lined up.


As I see everybody doing this, I'm going to take a big swig of liquor.


Sure, we can talk to the clientele. Maybe you should hang back.


Give it to her.


Could we get him into the Bag of Holding?


I will say we haven't replenished our potions yet. And we could go --


With a really bright light.


That's ten, 11, 12. 16 on the second hit.


In our direction?


I'm going to watch the door. They all went out the front door?


Let's go whale.


So he'll take two points of cold damage and I'll take the other two points.


I would rather save my 8th-level Animal Shapes in case we need to bail.


It lasts an hour. Has it been an hour?


I will not eat your weasel.


It can't be real! It can't be real.


(sings) Ooh ooh, shut up and shoot that hole! (laughs)


Once it's on the ground, if we can pull it down enough, she may be able to lock its legs into the stone.


Yeah, I'm paying attention to the trees. That's the biggest tree that's now closest to us. Now that's the biggest tree that's now closest to us. Now that one.


And I casually walk over so that I'm standing between Vex and Sondur, right in front of Vex, like a human shield.


They need help.


And you did it by yourself.


"What does JB eat?"


Oh Grog, I heard that, where they used 300 puppets!


They throw themselves at me because of my derring-do and bravery and my hair.


You don't have to sell it--


Go fly all the way down to the water's surface. Like Michael J. Fox in Back to the Future 2, and check out if there's any other tunnels that we haven't seen, or ways to go.


This is seagull blood, this is not human blood.


Okay, I just walk away.


But against the wall.


You got a trap up there, friend?


It's whatever you guys think is best. We can go to Westruun first, or we can go to Zephra first. Just whatever you want.


Yeah, Clarota come with us.


It's like that dress you bought four years ago you still haven't worn. It might find a purpose.


He's listening right now.


My name's Fjord, by the way.


The Mistake!


Yeah, lead the way, I'll be the caboose.


What? What did he just tell you? I wasn't paying attention.


That seems like where we should go, because the Iron Sheps won't be there to poke around and find us.


Okay, I'm going to aim for that flap of skin.


This has suddenly become the most complicated fight we've ever had!


He got nothing.


That's pretty dangerous.


I just, I'm just going to go duh-duh. (laughter)


It was amazing, it was amazing.


(garbled) No.


Do they take our possessions before we go in there?


Would they get to maintain possession of their personal property? Artwork, statues?


Speaking of jelly, I would like to go ahead and do a nature check to see if I can salvage some goods from whatever.


No, I'm not. I have a crossbow feat.


Not concentration, bonus action spell.


No, I'm taking the weapon.


I have a platinum bracelet which I assumed was just fancy and pretty. Here, look at that one too, Percy.


Use Luck, Tary.


And you can choose.


What? We're just going to go? There's no plan?


What color is it? Is it beautiful?


Oh, wait, wait, lady!


I just rolled.


Jester and Nott switch.


Just falls from the air.


Well. That looks deep. I don't think we should check this out on our own.


Yeah, the violins plinking.


One more time, on the count of three. One, two, three. On three, I push his chest in.


No work, let's go make an ass of ourselves at the Evening Nip.


You won twice.


You don't have to tell me what it was, or what you did, but is it something that you can be forgiven for?


No, you do whatever you want to do. You're the captain.


My kid's gonna love this!


Well done. Yeah, that was graceful.


I could sneaky-sneak over there and listen.


We've got this with us right now.


I'll pop up and be like, fuck, the first time I do it, son of a bitch. And I'll go (magical buzzing and whooshing) and send both of them over there.


Vox Machina, that's all it is.


Can you walk quietly? Please?


He's going to drop me off on the first trip, take Fly off of me, he'll get on the carpet, come back for the second group, and Fly Trinket.


Tary's armor.


What's happening though, really?


Ah, okay. Yeah, so that's fine.


Now I've got David Bowie in my head.


I don't know that.


Did you hear anything, snoring?


I got an 18. Plus something; I don't know.


Just a tiny bit.


What did you do? What did you do?


Is it quieter than her other mail?


Okay, can I throw with a bonus action?


So maybe that's what it is, that's why.


Oh sure. Just curious.


Oh, it stopped.


Well, it's technically 14 on the last one.


Oh my god, her mouth opens up and tentacles come out and -


Your fun is wrong.


Look, I know we haven't said it much, but Pike, I am glad you are here. I just felt like saying that.


d10?


Let me turn around.


We don't know either way.


Cardiac kid, come on now, here we go. Table's getting hot.


50-50.


And Lumberjanes.


It's mine.


And the last time we were here, I found a safe path through. Do I remember it?


Hey, it's still got Pike on it, you gotta get it now.


Walking around like an idiot the entire game.


Yeah. That should be 12 seconds to get across a bridge, right?


Aren't we blocked off?


The closest one.


Let's get to the rooms, shall we?


All right. We'll work on it.


That's the standard?


Sure, if you've got a little left for me. Wait, I can give us--


Just for you.


I'll wait 'til we get closer. From up here, does the mountain formation look like it's naturally formed, or like some sort of other event? Is it seismically formed?


Fort Daxio?


Ooh. She got some experience!


All right. I come running forward, and as I'm running forward I bamf Trinket out of the necklace.


We got you something.


No, it's fine.


There, over by Grog on your right.


I'm going to move my 20 feet and get into range.


I would like to really quickly then go into that little corner there for some cover.


I know. Everybody's in deep shit. I understand the problem, but my question is are we cutting and running?


Ass mines?


Rinaldo! That's what it was. I knew it was an R! Okay, Rinaldo.


I was just showing this off before the stream. We have this amazing Matthew Mercer shirt. (cheering)


Vicious, vicious. Oh wait--


So now me?


Can I ask you a question? Well, I'm going to.


The bard, yes.


He's cheating on you, Keyleth.


Also, what I would recommend, if we feel comfortable sitting down for a moment, is to put all of our findings in the middle of the room, and I can ritually see which of these things are magic. Most of these things, we suspect, but maybe there are some other things. Then I can tell what exactly they are. I need some time.


I think so, yeah. I don't know why the water surged out of the temple like that.


But I can't carve a shape through the wall to just crawl through, five feet?


Dive in.


Potentially, but we destroyed them.


Why else would they attack the tower if they weren't looking for something specific?


All right, so the first one is regular attack.


Have you guys seen them? They're awesome.


Is this creature under control to the point where someone takes damage and has to make a control save?


These are not the same thing?


Yeah. I did.


Plus or minus?


Molly, ball bearings didn't work! Rolling for initiative?


This dragon would be considered undead, yes?


Aw man, I don't think I wrote it down, I think I was just listening.


I have agreed. I'm already your slave, so I couldn't really say no. So yes, I agree to our accord. What favor can I grant you?


I'm leaving mine in the mansion.


Okay, so maybe we'll kill her.


So that's 21.


Oh, I could? I didn't think I was allowed to do that.


And then Frumpkin takes off?


In three, two.


Okay, so can I cast-- well, can I use Freedom of Movement on myself?


Are there any windows, doors, anything on these buildings?


