No. We are going to have a talk. Don't try any funny business. Why are you trying to sneak through our stuff?


I have the unending rope, motherfucker.


My whiskers!


It was you that I was speaking to, in Whitestone. I had no idea. We have the eye of Vecna.


Son of a bitch.


Goddamn it! Really?


(whispers) Steal an airplane.


What's your business here?


Ah, regular Percival de Rolo over here.


What?! Whoa!


Oh, me neither. I'm actually from up north. I'm traveling with these kids, working on something. It's nice.


I'm gonna try something else. I'm gonna try an ice shot.


And it does six points of damage-- I'm sorry, it does 12 points of damage plus three points of fire damage.


Where the hell did Molly go?


Oh, but it's so pretty. How about this for a counteroffer: how much are the books?


I'll scoop up everything.


Literally the first thing they teach you.


They don't like her, she was a troublemaker and she went in.


And you give me one gold piece so Vex doesn't kill me.


I'm not getting a bad vibe off of this one, just a lot of sugar. Being held up for a while in a dark, confined space can make people a little loopy.


I slap him on the cheek a little bit and say: you are a fucking madman, but I am glad you're here.


Yeah. Hey, crew.


It doesn't say!


It's everything-- Yeah, they've got fear, disintegration--


Leave none alive, my boy.


Oh, so it can only catch up to him.


The Mending Wheel. A creature only? Oh shit. Fucking magic!


How about we fan out and move in?


Okay, we're fighting over taverns.


I mean, we'll be fine.


Ooh, you know what? I could just knock this down. That could be really good, too.


Right! You deserve it. He's doing it.


Oh, god. Be careful.


This was the stupidest idea we've ever--


Did you say her name was Shumas?


So, I want to go further - no doorway, as of yet. Correct?


Once you're across, let's secure the rope that's attached to you, and we'll make ourselves a guideline that we can hang onto.


Most divining magics. That doesn't mean we're immune to everything.


You can climb it.


Wind gust.


Would a really successful history check help Vex remember what the fuck she was told?


Ah. Possibly in the morning.


It feels better knowing I'm not the only one confused.


You didn't try to get through it?


It's like us when we went scuba diving.


I'm taking a look at it, I'm checking to see if it's attached to the-- it's sitting on a column at the moment?


Can I find the highest wall with the most ornate decoration on it and go slightly off left? The way me member goes and make a little box right there? A little waterfall on the whitestone.


You're attacking who?


Okay. I go upstairs.


We're gods, remember?


Do I get that invisibility cloak again?


Caleb, are you going to go the Academy?


And bonus action hide back there.


You've got a problem down there, to be fair.


Yeah. Have you ever heard of the Scaled Tyrant?


Move on? Move in?


That's so quiet.


So, three plus two for the first guy.


Ooh. Did we use that one on you?


What? Is that true?


I will 6th-level Counterspell. (cheering)


I rush over to Desmond, and out of my pouch I bring out a sandwich that I had made earlier. I hand it to him and I go, Desmond, decker. Here, have it. It's a decker sandwich. You should have it.


Second one, I only rolled a seven, so I'm sure this is not going to add up to something good.


Okay, here's the thing that you're not catching. That wasn't me. This is mine. I don't want anything from that other person anymore. That person is someone else. I don't want anything to do with it. I did not feel good coming out of that. It was-- I'm in for a penny, might as well. I'm told, although I don't entirely remember this part, that I only said the word empty over and over again for the first week.


Our friend Pike would be much, much grateful for your service.


Oh, I am, huh?


But they were making out like Vecna had this sword while we had Craven Edge, right?


Like a lot.


And I would have to have won the game all by myself.


Government cheese.


You're welcome, I can't keep doing that. Just a quick Cure Wounds really quickly.


We're all within the--


But that's low for me.


I was going to say, would you have spent that spell? Would she have been able to spend that spell? If she couldn't--


Keyleth, we should go.


I cast Shield of Faith on my own ass.


Did we not open them?


Was it a guard dog?


Yeah, I want to train a little, want to work out a bit.


That's a natural one. Maybe I should reroll that one, I'll do my fate die. Okay, that's slightly better: nine. (laughter)


Ugh, I'm not going to be able to get to her.


It's all I've got.


Can I see him?


I think I can take them, guys. I think I can take them.


I know. I'm going to do a spell, buddy.


Hold on a second. Are you sure you don't want to smoke this bitch?


I would like to stand behind everybody.


Oh, okay. Vax! I'm at 49 hit points.


The Wharfmaster is going to tell us what now?


That was a one for me, I don't see it.


I'm going to go  the fuck?! I grab you again, and I scoop up Nott, and like a football drill, I dart, and then I'm going to dart all the way back with Nott. Carrying Nott like a football.


Oh, I'll teach you later.


That's fine. That's as far as I can get right now. That will be just fine. The gloves are charged, the boots are on, and I'm heading towards the wall.


Yeah, oh god, he's really adamant about cutting the webs.


Right on thirty is fine, if you say 9:00, 9:30.


I'm 50, 50 years old. I kick--


Rage.


The man one.


Oh! What's up, Tary?


I'll use the rest of my-- yeah I knew that, I'm planning for that, yeah. I'll use the rest of my 30 feet to run towards that unconscious wizard.


It's really tender.


Question. Worst possible enemy to fight? Probably a beholder.


I can't use it on this stuff, though. Only when I attack.


And Vex. All the girls are going to look like Vex.


Did you say there was illithid coming up on the sides, too?


That hurts.


Can I go with you?


As a side, I want to grab Vex for a quick walk on the way to the castle. I want to go by the cemetery. Has it been worked on, by the way? I suppose I'll find out.


Mice, yeah. Cool.


What happens if you--


Come along.


Oh no, are you guys making fun of her because of her spasm?


Sam's shirt.


All right, I've read about situations like this, right? We just need to create a diversion. While the guards are diverted, we run away, fast as we can, right?


We just did it! We completed it!


Awesome. Fucking awesome.


Step of the Wind. I could have disengaged as a bonus action, but I want to stay.


He doesn't want to use the sword.


I want us to be quiet. I don't want to make a big spectacle. Because I can make them go boom boom, but let's just wait.


I turn to Grog.


Slower than this titan's footfalls.


Thank you very much.


(dry-heaving noises) It's purple.


Oh man, wait, but-- Oh, okay.


I wanna-- Oh god. How do I want to do this?


We tied one on last night, in a harsh way.


Whatever you want to do.


Does this mean I'm the last druid to make the Aramente?


Oh shit. So if you read for two days and then pass it off to someone else, does it just restart?


That's just a one, so that's five.


It's on his sheet, which means he found it somewhere.


What are you rolling, what is the damage?


I forgot to ask him about bakeries, so I am going to keep an eye out for them.


I'm going to go and try and peck his eyes out.


I do that!


On Vicious Mockery? Where's my -- I'm not used to magic. It's so weird.


I blow through my newly lipless mouth, (laughs) and I run up and I throw my face into his.


As we get closer, I can use Hide in Plain Sight and camouflage all of us to where they can walk by us and they won't see us.


Go, Philip!


What about just its head?


Matt made this map, and you just blew it, Taliesin.


One damn.


Are you fully grown or are you still growing?


I think if we don't do anything, it means your eventual demise.


I love that he says 'roll your dice' like it matters.


Definitely sorcerers, definitely no ice magic. Definitely. Is it accurate to say that if we were to find Grudge Gang members that were unaffiliated, that we could pay them?


Wait, isn't that where the rakshasa's going to be?


He doesn't know we're in here, but he knows where the mansion is and he will come to dispel it. So we have to get out of this mansion and either make another mansion somewhere else or go to somewhere else from inside this mansion right now.


I'm looking. Where is it? Do you see it?


You don't want it to happen anyway.


You've got to be, like, so cool. You've got to be the coolest.


Gnomish, Common, Undercommon, Dwarvish.


I think that's a wonderful idea.


Double crit!


How could they even use them? Because only the winners that everyone saw won them.


Useless!


There's like a 50/50 chance we'll come back again tonight.


I'm still gonna do the inspiration dice, just in casies. Okay, that's good.


16.


(soft, high voice) No, no... yes, 14. (all laugh)


Yeah, that hits. 29.


Caleb, are you okay? You went skinky-doodle for a second. Are you all right? Hello? Hello, Wildemount to Caleb?


How long ago would you say this was?


Somebody draw it. Please draw it.


Say something!


And the hammer is somewhere between me and him?


It is in bold print.


A warlock. Interesting.


Three. I'll take the 18.


Yeah, he's burned two of his legendary actions already. Yeah, we're watching the dragon burn through his legendary actions.


Is it good for you?


They drop out of nowhere. They faint. It's going to be good.


It was him! He did it!


2d4? That's pathetic.


It's a janitor's keyring of tape.


Yeah. Like tonight.


Sure. Can I use my-- are we doing this?


I love him so much!


The portal has to be crushed?


My proficiency bonus.


Right. I'll run upstairs to see where Percy went.


Get on it, nasty.


I have one healing potion left, and I'm going to take it and stick it into this girl's mouth and empty it and maybe drip a little on her neck as well.


Vanessa, I have a question.


Keeping an eye out for trees.


I will send you my associate. The dwarf turns around and begins walking away with his staff.


Ah good, yeah, Bigby that shit.


Oh, I thought, but isn't that where the Dawnfather is?


Yeah, I forgot. He's like a crash test dummy. We'll worry about that later.


I mean, we found two of the vestibules of--


Yeah, and see if that trapdoor is open. If it is, you will put my spider underneath and we will see what is going on.


If you want to make that arrangement with your squirrel, you are perfectly welcome, but my cat is not going in that hole. (foomph) For the moment. Something-- Captain!


I use my bonus action to say, "You are so fucked, dwarf." (all laugh)


She smoke-bombed out.


Oh, well why didn't you just say so?


Maybe he only has like ten hit points.


Like a tree cracking in the wind from this guy.


I was just making that fuckin' armor. (laughter)


All but Lorenzo?


I mean, I love it, but I hate it.


I didn't know that.


Yeah, because I got whacked with that ice breath, and I don't want that to happen again. All right.


We got alcohol sweats.


Oh, well it's not a-- it's 17.


No, I mean, I'm gonna take my bag of ice and I'm gonna sit on the doorjamb and watch them go. And just see if they need help, but I'll stay here if I can.


No, we don't have time for that here. We have to get going.


Who cares, I'm saving my gnome friend, okay. Here I go. 14, it's a 25 to hit his butt.


We're lying, right?


Yeah, a lock on a book is one of those universal titles that make sense in any language.


Can I move to this corner?


Wait. You heard?


Are the eye holes about the size of gold coins?


I agree, but let's say it does. Do we know what we're doing with regards to Draconia when we come back? Do we have some sort of a plan? We're getting a beast. That's all we know.


The song. Her hungry eye. It's in her fucking head.


That's really smart.


Okay. So I'm going to move around, tuck in the door a bit.


Okay, plus eight. 20.


Family.


Yeah, this is, there's a lot of variety.


I will take your liquor.


Is a nine plus four, 13. Five, 18 points of damage.


In a Faberge egg.


Double rats, yeah. That's it? Because I thought that was dinner. We have--


I can see the resemblance. The question is, if that's you, and that's me, who's our third friend?


I'll take-- fuck. Yep, screw it. I'll take shots with the Pepperbox.


This is arcana?


Do they have any symbols on them? On the statues?


Okay, I can get this open, but I would prefer to preserve my reserves, so can you get this door open?


How do we find Al Gore-- Algar? Shit!


Yeah, there's another one, right?


And Clarota, while they're figuring that out, if we remain to be hidden or blind our opponents as we approach your kin, will not know our thoughts 'til they see us?


I think the cultist shits his pants and his brain explodes. I think that's in the book.


Who's our treasurer?!


We really need to rest.


On the dodecahedron.


Do they already knew [sic] we were here? Now they really know.


What do I add to it?


So remember, Scanlan, that the general said that on the left side of the fortress--


I'm so stressed.


Can I drag Ripley with me?


Are the red and black dragons?


That’s not too bad. 22.


D&D. &D.


Oh wait, that's right. And we were going to do that thing.


Yes I would. Now I'm not so sure, but please. Humor me


To the keep, or just outside?


That's two episodes from today. Will you come down here, please? Big Man? Couple of things. First, and this is a smaller detail, I shaved half your beard, correct? It's correct. You've cut me open at least twice, right now. Pike, come here.


If you recall, I actually went to Draconia... when we all woke up to begin with.


And what kind of monsters have you been dealing with?


You get captured or eaten out there, we're done for the night anyway. (laughs)


Can we recap on your-- You looked in using your magics, and you saw-- Tell us what she told us.


And what was the other one?


I was worried even when we were figuring out the setup of the tables, how it was going to work, that being far away from each other was going to screw things up, but it's just like when we were playing at our house across the table from each other.


A few papers are always good.


Well, remember Westruun is under dragons right now.


We are, I think, 20 away from a giveaway. So as long as we're live, the giveaway counts.


We'll do it on the way.


Did you look at her other, did you get a closer look?


It's a good question.


Do we want to take one?


Pass Without a Trace, I mean, Dust of Tracelessness.


Yeah, let's just mosey onto the bath, nice, slow, and steady.


I turn to Jester and I go  Fjord just fucking vanished again! And I go: I don't know how this works! I take out the red elemental gem that I've had for a very long time, and I... use it. I was going to say I smash it, but then I felt that might be deeply irresponsible because then it could just smash.


It does 4d8 damage.


I'll teach you someday. It's so much fun.


Sorry, it's close.


It cannot come in here.


I can tell you. You have to roll a d4 for every attack or saving throw. You roll a d4 and you subtract that from what you get.


We've heard Fjord speak with a lot of different accents.


I feel like Pike would want to come with us, Grog. You're very dear to her.


The iconic creature.


Oh my god, we're going to die.


The golden snitch!


Got a strength of 26.


That's less disconcerting.


Vesper de Rolo.


(excited gasp) I have not come across a firbolg with green beetle armor!


Now we're complete.


You brought the dog?


I'm standing there like (hacking cough). I think I shit my pants!


I was pretty awesome 30 minutes ago. Now I'm just slightly less awesome.


Gotcha. Thank you.


Molly told me! Molly told me you were in here rifling through my stuff.


I told you everything. You have to die!


What do you mean? You'll leave me alone!?


I know, but we're partners, as you just said, and I felt that you would approve of me doing so.


You're doing it! How are you? You've been hiding a lot!


You know, it's my choice. Never said it was okay for you to start lighting them up with arrows. Jesus Christ, whoever that is.


But she's not in town.


Bidusday, Bidetsday.


Do you think we should go talk one, chat one up?


Yeah, I have it.


The man in charge of our fates.


He will know. He's a fortune teller, for Christ's sake.


And I was like, "hmm, I don't know what any of those--"


That's an idea. Don't pack up shop just yet, we're going to see if we can do something about these terrible creatures that have been roaming around.


We can go around the edge.


I will be right behind the--


Go get the others.


That's-- I feel like that would be an upgrade.


Does that take you three hours?


Hang on, sorry. I'm going to do the multiattack, so two touch attacks. First one, that's okay. Wait, what am I? Sorry.


Okay. Fire. And I set his weapon on fire.


Can I take a moderate healing potion?


Slowness.


There's just no answer further.


There's no cake, y'all.


Guano, guano, guano.


Can you talk to him before you Thunder Step back?


So I have four attacks?


Do you think you can just grab it from me?


We can take it from here.


Where the goliaths, where the barbarians-- sorry, Grog-- where all the mean people were.


I'm crouched down.


It's me and who?


I need about 1,500 of them. Can I get 1,500? How many can I get?


Wait a minute, nope. Let me look. I'm just going to move in, ten feet ahead, and see what I see.


That's my action. I don't have any spells for bonus action.


So we've already fought two things where we can't look at them and they mess with our heads.


Hey, you feeling good about your decision to come with us?


Why don't you fly it over?


You can--


That was good, that was good, that was good!


Just one roll? That's okay. Hold on, everybody. 14. Wait, everything's crazy. I need a different browser window.


Eh.


I like that sound!


Nothing you can do is as powerful as what I was about to give her.


Dammit, Doty, do better!


We need to rest. Let's rest. Yeah, ignore it.


AC down!


(whispering) Russell Crowe! (laughter)


You got this!


Introduce yourselves, if you don't mind.


Oh shit. Oh shit.


I was gonna argue that since he has the Duck Totem, that technically he would have a natural migration sense of what direction he was gonna go.


Walk away!


I take off the robes. Get ready. Slow motion walk towards the tower.


So we're actually going to be talking about that later, but they apparently have a book wishlist, so we're going to be getting that from them and sharing it to you guys because these people need books.


It's like when I tried to read 50 Shades of Grey. (groans)


(laughing) Yes!


Even with the Bane?


Yeah, yeah. He is our ticket into the palace.


Yeah, I was going to say. I have a feeling that's where Fjord is. I think he touched this thing, which... yeah.


The room?


That was the same thing.


She's set in her ways.


Sorry, I just-- all right. (sighs) Heard something about a Victory Pit. Is this the Victory Pit?


Everyone gets advantage on it and it's at disadvantage to hit us.


I agree with you, Jester, I think we should stick with "Go fuck yourself."


I mean, it's well-natured, though.


Any that fit the gun that I have?


I don't have any idea what I'm looking for. (all laugh)


Shaun.


No, I got them.


Is it just the two of you or were there more?


You want to come with us?


I'm going to get up on stage.


Clearly. We are the most, as the kids say, OP. Let's get back to the group.


Even casting the spell in its vicinity. Try casting it.


And then I say, you were supposed to be the only lipless one. And I soccer ball the shit out of those dimes between his legs. (laughter)


I tip the Unseen Servant.


Who wants to ask about that?


Where's Horris? Maybe he knows something about her.


I think he looks better now.


Floodlight.


No, I was on the carpet and hopped and left them because they had to go pick up.


So, it's like a hellish financial district, there's just nothing there.


No, we didn't destroy it. We say, "Oh no, they, we got overrun and we had to leave."


Reynal?


I'm sure they don't know what Draconia is, but I like to spread the word.


Elven, Celestial, Common.


Is it a dex check?


Who hurt you?


Oh, that's a good question.


Eight. Give me some math here, guys.


Global Entry.


Math is hard, guys.


That's mine!


I cast Unseen Servant. Schmidt lifts up the grapple and tosses it free.


I guess what I'm saying is, are we still going to be competing against others once the Plank King successfully deciphers that book?


I call out, "Let one of them live, so I can question them."


Ranged attack, ranged attack.


I was gonna say, Vin Diesel.


All right. This is slightly a better plan than I thought.


It's really disgusting sometimes.


I can start the fire.


I think that we could--


Sorry, I'm scaly.


I could hold one. Paralyze one of them.


Yep. I like it.


Are there any of those crazy trees you mentioned before?


Once, just this once, please?


I gave them back!


While everybody's discussing, Vax is going to walk down to the center of the pit to take a peek at that hole.


Oh, I've been a fire elemental before, yeah.


Probably you could buy it and also give us some stuff.


It's back in-- help me?


We could go away from him for a second.


No, that's Keyleth's, remember? In the next century, when she's still living.


Is there some stuff you didn't get to?


I'm already climbing. Would this be acrobatics?


This one, not this one.


You know, we're killing a very, very large dragon, hopefully rather soon.


I'm going to hold until it does something, and if it does nothing, I'm taking my attacks, and if it gets away I'm taking my attacks. I'm just taking my attacks after him.


Claymation, that's awesome, man.


You're already dead.


Okay. I still have a bonus attack, right?


Okay, cool. I grab the kettle. I put it to my chest. I take a run, and I leap into--


Like, if people didn't think we had a writer's room before, they definitely are now! This feels like a marketing campaign!


Bod mod? No, I did not.


Who's yes?


Look at this one, too. (laughter)


(disgruntled) Oh.


That was kind of a tough one, I get it. It's okay. That was a really hard skeleton. But he's dead now. Let's go--


I'm going to drag across its throat. That is a 25.


I accept your apology. And as I said, I admire your diligence and faith to your contract. You don't get any of your belongings back! Is that all right?


I go ahead and I take off with Scanlan and do kind of a high aerial loop around the tree.


Can I turn around and look, now that I'm right up next to the Core Anvil, is there anything that I'm noticing about it that would move or knock off? A switch or a button?


Is there any music or is it just low murmured conversation?


She's like you, though, so she's not like a pet or anything. She's a real little girl, okay?


Oh, goodness gracious!


How long would it take us to get out? Oh, wait. We chartered that boat; do we care about those people?


That's a natural 20.


So she docked there for a while, or--?


That got so much more intense than I ever thought it was going to.


For everyone to pee.


Then I don't run. I Dimension Door outside of the palace wall.


Yeah, does it have his name written in it anywhere so he keeps track of it?


Wode, would you want any of this?


15. (laughter)


Thank you, thank you, thank you.


(loading bow)


We're probably not going to kill you.


Just 15 minutes!


I got a room at The Pillow Trove.


She bamfed out. She's got magic. She could be anywhere.


No, it will be fancy. I think it will be fancy.


We don't know if she's at this forge?


You're going through papers, yeah?


Tofurkey.


Can I look around? It's dark. It seems cozy. Seems nicer than outside right now, actually. I dip my finger in the acid. Ooo!


Oh, yeah. Bidet. The name is Grog.


North is-- no it is that way.


That's a cool question. If you had to switch characters Matt, if you had to switch characters, which one would you be?


I'm pretty heal-y.


He got a sweater around his neck and mid-thigh khaki shorts?


Yeah. That's a 34 total.


Hopefully, he answers back promptly. Jerahd is a warlock and is a wizard of the mind, arcana, things I do not know of. He could possibly help us and has access to great knowledge in this matter.


Ooh. I mean, 14?


Yeah, I guess so.


(slurring words) Should we sent him a Change-Bringer's Nectar? Oh no!


I'll stay with you.


Like when you get a sunburn and you wake up, and they're fucking sticking to you and stuff? It sucks.


From Westruun?


Yeah. She already took it, though. I'm looking at the walls at around 20 to 25 feet. Do I see it, up high on the ceiling? Because I've been looking.


I use the service. No gimmicks. No add-ons. No gotchas. Works on Mac and PC. They also have the option to restore by mail. Backblaze will send you a physical hard drive! Yes and it is hardcore. I don't know. They backed up over 35 billion files. They're legit. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole to check it out. Start your free trial now and let them know you're coming from our show. This will also, this is the important part, be Backblaze's last sponsorship for a while. It's a little bittersweet so please, if you're are going to go show them some love, now is the time to do it. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole. Yev, our fantastic friend from Backblaze, wanted to say thanks to the entire cast and crew for being so awesome and welcoming and a very special thanks to me, Sam, for all the effort I put into the ad reads. Aww. So to thank him, I wrote two songs. I'll only sing one but I'm going to give it to the cast-- the cast can decide which one. Do you want to hear Spice Girls or Golden Girls?


We're really sorry for everything, Scanlan. You know we love you.


Let's not make promises.


Bad allergies here. It could be like a really great gift, you know? Like Keyleth gave you.


Does that mean that Logic was the whale that just passed us by?


You don't want to see her dead?


Send it with the book.


No, it's whatever the dex-- it's gonna be like--


Not my face.


It's nothing though, the damage is nothing but he does have to roll a save, he'll be fine, or be afraid of me.


Oh, I'm going to House Thunderbrand, if anybody wants to come with me.


Now I don't want my baby to go too far, okay? Just let her see what's--


I know, we're not making a big deal out it. You're making a big deal out of it.


First shot is 22 points of damage. Second shot is not as good. 14 points of damage.


I’m going to just peel it, slowly. I’m not going to rip it off like these assholes.


Yeah, don’t do that.


Can I pee in the courtyard?


Oh, hi. I'm between two strong men.


That's like half a penny. (laughter)


Oh, that's Jester #2.


Roll for what, Matt?


You're engaged. You don't have to--


I need a new horse, because mine's back, the horse--


Two lines? Shit. I thought it was going to be another--


Let me see those trammels. Who has the trammels?


Plus two on that.


When you say "pulled you from hell," though--


(whispering) They call me Count Chocula. (laughter)


Pain and lack of hit points. I also assume it gets an attack of opportunity on me if I leave its radius.


Also adorable.


And you know that we all - all of us. That big asshole over there.


He won't even do anything!


I'm staying put, and as soon as the guard gets close, I'll make it slowly rise up into the sky, just like 12, 13 feet up.


How am I going to go convince crew to work for us?


Hey! Nice job, Pike!


That would be the worst character choice ever. (laughter)


We're scattering.


Grog on a big stone pillar, bam! And then, where's the button? Pike on a pillar over here, bam. Let's go ahead, I'm trying to trap him in here. I want to pin him as these go up, so let's do one here. Can I get whoever that is up on a--


It's the tuna casserole you were talking about.


You're a monster.


You could really just get a new coat.


Okay! How far are we from the disgusting thing?


I'm sorry, buddy. Okay. Don't get too far ahead of me. We're going to sneak ahead and check out this glowy tree. See it?


I'll go to the lighthouse.


Hey! Fjord! She needs some mouth-to-mouth.


Or does it have a radius where it stops listening to me? Let's give it a shot.


Well, she was on the boat with us.


We might as well leave him out on the front step, or something. I'll grab Sir Kerrion--


I think I'll stay.


Is it a cut jewel, or is it rough?


Oh, we're home.


I'm almost out. I'm going to see if I can last one more round in here.


I got it, I got it. Sit, sit, enjoy. Here, here.


Can I look in the haversack? Is my sketchbook still in there?


You can make disguises?


Blood fungus!


While everybody's watching this shit happen, may I cast Detect Magic?


-- a crawlspace through the wall?


So, 10 feet and 10 feet away from me.


(deep voice) Welcome!


And is there any way that we can help you make this barrier more permanent and stronger?


We were in the middle of things.


I maneuver to the other side but sit leaning up against the ship, out of it, but here.


I think, from what little I gleaned, I imagine vanity is the way to play this one.


Don't fuck it up.


No. Its right, our left.


Maybe we can ask them.


I'm just saying that I understand the impulse. This was not necessarily the best expression of it.


This way, wonderful.


Nope. No, I did my own dental work. Listen, if we get to the Soltryce Academy and that letter doesn't do me any good, I promise, you could have it and we'll make sure Caleb has a shot.


Plus two?


Tiberius can only fly up to three people.


(gasps) Matthew Mercer!


Boats.


Okay. That's not great. That misses. It was a natural four.


That's all right, go get them. We don't look like ourselves.


What are they?


Within reason.


I'll take you in the library if you tell me why you're afraid of fire.


We understand your distrust. We are new here, and we only beg your patience as we prove ourselves before you. Avantika and her crew were up to foul deeds. Our friend Beau here, I trust, has shown you her journal.


I've always known.


Playing medic with my sister.


I mean, he's either changing this guy's life for the better, or murdering him.


Um. If you don't mind, it would actually be greatly appreciated to us if we kept that for the fallen member of our party.


Yeah, did you make it? Did you get it from someone else?


Just in case you decide to leave again, which is probably highly probable. I don't know. Just in case.


Allura.


(whispers) Speaking in tongues.


A little halfling girl.


Six shots. Oh, fuck.


Rick it is!


It'll make me feel like I'm at home.


What, am I too excited about it? Turn yourself into a duergar! Make it seem like everything’s okay!


It can use you on Kevdak.


At times, we can be quite quiet.


Okay, I'll do that. I'll take her with me.


Hot lead!


Well, that's fair. Now that I have a bit of alcohol in me.


(distressed humming) Fuck. Can I make it to the thing? Can I make it to him?


We're all camping together!


I guess we follow.


What was your initiative?


So you're on a journey of immediate agency, and you're not sure where you're going, and you think you have to go, but you're not sure?


I turn invisible.


Which is with the dagger of venom, I don't know if it'll do anything, but I'm gonna use the poison in it. Two... eight... 28, and the poison DC on that is 15.


Do I even have to bother, or do I know what that is?


It's my problem, on a certain level.


Push them!


Thor, Black Widow, Red Skull. You bastard.


One of you, if not both of you.


Why not-- I can just rip it off. I'm a rock dude.


Yeah. It's my fucking sword.


Do we have any idea how far we've climbed?


(Tommy Wiseau voice) Oh, hi, Pike. (all laugh)


I am actually hosting Geek and Sundry on my channel right now.


Yasha gets a sentinel attack, yeah?


Nevertheless she did.


Whisper goes to the window at that guy there.


I will take my reaction. 13 points of damage?


It's an up and coming city. Very prominent on Tal'dorei.


The chain guys.


Can you and Scanlan fly to Kraghammer?


Why don't we leave it up to him? We untie him, he comes at us bros, we take him down. We're giving him a chance at freedom.


Wait, didn't he burn his whole turn just getting to where he was?


Wow, that was so authentic to the actor experience.


I will have a frequent member pass there.


Really dizzy though.


Take a shot!


Aw, he beat me?


Doors, man.


No. Just wait one moment, okay? Wait for me here?


That's what I'm saying, we copy the contents of the book.


That's a very different show.


Yeah, crack.


You're just going to take damage.


Screw this room.


The Dimension Door's off the table.


Why aren't the priests going to shovel that shit up?


You made it yourself?


I think left.


So it's zero speed, it doesn't go anywhere?


Nope, this is how I imagine myself to be.


Right. Sometimes I go into like, the house of lady favors--


I don't know if Bigby's Hand can catch me. It's not like Feather Fall.


No, he needs this, he needs this, it's all right, absolutely needs this.


Yeah, he is daddy's boy.


But we're over the city.


I was thinking the same thing!


God, this one does this every time.


That's exactly what I thought, too.


That's a shit-load of jewels.


It's actually really difficult to play a character when you're dressed as a different character, not going to lie.


Yes, it was empty, it was his own dimension and he's dead.


Every day it recharges and I rolled and it's back up to seven.


Yeah. A bunch of refugees wanting safe passage.


Well, this is just some paid shithead, so I don't think we should kill her or anything like that.


Are you in favor of how things are going here?


I take a canvas bag and I plop it on the table, full of the rakshasa bits.


Quick question, is he in flight, or is he just sitting on the rooftop?


Yeah, I'm holding it.


She's blushing.


Whoa, I think it opens a portal to another plane.


Oh, that's so much better! No, it's good.


You just Inception'd a Loot Crate ad.


I got this!


I'm going to follow. He's got the right idea.


Just cast it and see.


An additional seven because he's undead.


This is really awkward for the rest of us, just so you know. We really like her.


Allura, would you be able to... give us guidance on how to get to it? I mean, this is a group decision, and I'm not going to be fooled in the same way again. I'm going to be sleeping with my fucking knives for a while. But this will just repeat. How do we get to it?


Oh, me too? All right, okay. Sure, sure. This is natural, this is right.


Not directly above. All right. There's nobody right above us, but there's people in the house.


I think I've found something evil.


Thank God we still have a thing.


We're doing the Nerdist panel Sunday at Wondercon, and then I'm going to do a signing right afterwards, I think 11 and 12 are the two times for that, and then, if you have a chance, I just posted on Facebook the full, unedited episode. We did a Trump v. Sanders debate on @Midnight last night, and it was really fun.


Ew! It's like Charlie!


Fjord is 14. Beau is ten.


You do. So do I. We still look like guards.


What are you guys doing down there that is so loud?


I think I know why it happened.


She doesn't give a shit about that bear.


Yogscast is great, you guys are great, the cast is great--


And Caleb heard Fjord say that and just went (fwoof) and there's four globes floating above us.


She painted the ocean. It was amazing.


You do, yeah. Doesn't always work out. Sometimes it gets cocked up, yeah?


God, this is a tough one.


I read Sylvan, and there you are.


Ale?


Which is a problem, 'cause it blows the invisibility.


(laughing) That's crucial information.


Just bull rush and tear down the well.


So much art.


The stairs are long, but they're not infinite.


She's already been down there. She's already been down there! You think they're going to recognize her now?


You have two minutes!


What we put in is still down on the ground.


So they offered you money?


Maybe not Pass Without a Trace, because once it sees us it doesn't matter anymore. So let's not do that yet.


Actually, you stay here. I'll bring it to the table. And I go and get the shots.


Vox Machina, our years are short. Let's make good use of them.


Except for douchebag.


Yeah. He saw it, didn't he? I fucked it up. He saw it and my whole plan's gone to shit.


The Trench?


How's this thing still alive?


That's me, all smart with the fire hammer.


He's going west.


Did you save me?


This was a great decision.


I like your ribbons.


I'll also move 15 feet--


Can we see Kevdak anywhere?


For fuck's sake, they're going to kill every last fucking one of us unless we figure this out.


Can you tell me what magical beasts I can conjure while you're at it, because--


We met him this morning.


Thank you so much, darling. You have lovely eyes.


And now she's saying we all have to take the same boat. How are we going to get away from her?


I can cast spells, and so can Vex, here. It's through my antlers, so respect the antlers.


Do you know what the range is on that?


Well, would she move? She's got to wait until Vax gets out of there, now he's surrounded and he's a bat.


Grog Strongjaw.


That's right. It was the death knight. How did we fix that last time?


Getting ass-lit up with the Hail of Thorns, I go into a rage.


So we can show this as evidence.


I start to grab people arms and pulling them through and helping people get through safely.


And we've been do-si-doing the whole time we've been having this conversation, definitely.


That's what it is. It's on the first floor, up high.


I know, you do make me a little nervous and I'm not really sure why, and I need to reconcile these feelings.


I thought I was going to hit water and it would be cool!


If we're inside the GI tract of this titan and we give it an Earthquake, is it basically like a big old dead titan fart?


It does seem very dangerous and reckless.


Oh, oh, oh! No! Okay.


It's the granny grinder!


You going to sleep, Grog?


It's a very large creature.


So I can only watch. I have muttered all this, watching. We are talking concentric rings?


(singing) Fuck balls.


Some bells? Absolutely. I'm going to regret this, but yes.


No, I'm not sorry at all, but I have a big favor to ask you. That's very valuable what you have there. Do you know that is made of platinum?


I heal you for 12 points. I heal you 12, and then that's actually not bad. Dexterity save?


I'll keep this as a deposit though. (all laugh)


Trinket, get in the boat.


It stings when you stop.


That's super bad.


I think I dreamed of you.


I could leave these around other places? What do you think?


Oh, it's an animal skull.


Holy fuck! Never-goddamn-mind. And with that, I'm going to dart in back behind Keyleth.


Right. You want to walk around the back to see if there's another way in?


What if we cast Disguise Person on you, and you could find out if he was okay?


Ten days? Ten days?


I say  Meet at the front gate.


All right, take a look, dude.


I'll choose one that's worth-- in my bag of gems-- no, that's not right.


The soul is imbued with Heroes' Feast, not the body.


Rogue, best class.


Bathe in their blood. No, no!


Thank you, I'm very proud of this. Family recipe.


Oh, you're out there all by yourself! Beau!


Oh! 13.


Bada-bing!


It's on the way back to Zadash. We've got to talk to the Gentleman, anyway.


Circle the tree a couple times, holding onto it.


(laughs) It is a 13.


More or less. I'm using him as a steady and as partial cover as I take a head shot on the dragon. I'm not taking a bonus for damage, no. Oh. 15?


I was wondering the very same thing, actually, all night. I was wondering what we would call--


Run, run, run. Stab. Run, run, run. Stab. Those are the two buttons on the Vax video game. (laughter)


Douginator asked me a super detailed question. So I don't wanna blow over it, 'cause it was awesome. He asked me how my path has gone, and my personal Aramente journey, and how working with the group has helped and slowed it down. For the Air Ashari and for Keyleth's journey, it's kind of expected to take her maybe ten, maybe 20 years? It takes her like, the Aramente is expected to take a long time, and part of it is her kind of proving herself a hero. So she kind of ended up tagging along with this motley crew in order to kind of help her so she's not doing it alone. So it's a good thing that she's tagging along. But she also has to deal with sometimes the moral dilemma of maybe choices that she might not normally make if she wasn't with the group that she has to go with.


Sorry Lyra.


Maybe like, two past noon?


And the dog is just on the boat!


I'm done with Tary for the evening.


What do I do for that?


Vax, you made sure Tary partook of some of the soil here, right? It's an Ashari tradition, right?


I mean, it's all I know, but it's probably not the best place to grow up, now that I'm seeing everything else, you know? I think, sometimes I wish maybe it was a little different.


I can-- No. I can find creatures. I can't find objects.


Oh. Not super invested about how the empire is going?


Nott, there are bad people everywhere.


We've got another entrance.


Okay, and then I'm going to shoot an arrow. Okay. That would be 26.


We make really good roommates!


You rolled a one, another one!


Great. Cool. Okay.


Keyleth grabs Vax as they wander off and pulls him behind the rest of the crowd.


I know. I'm looking for a way through this fucking clusterfuck and if there's nothing else to do, you could go in there and click that rod and give him the worst suppository ever invented!


Are we close to one of those pulses?


Can I cast Enlarge on myself?


Thank you, Dwarven Forge!


No! Oh!


Which is a minus two, right?


Yes. Can you help?


But you've never had any visions.


39 damage.


I meant it's--


We can try to send someone ahead as bait, lure him out, fight him on steady ground?


You should always assume she's fucking with you. Every time.


Do I know Tubo?


It's okay, Grog! I'll get you ten casks of ale!


That is a wonderful question, brother.


You left her with him? I shove past him and go straight through the door.


This fabulous Labyrinth t-shirt, which Travis is sporting.


Ten damage.


Put it on the ground. We’ll deal with it. We’re not leaving it here.


I look around.


Let me check, guys. You know, let me check the druidic texts and see what they say.


Oh, you're in trouble, Samuel.


I didn't do any damage yet. (adding) Good.


The most awkward throat-slitting I've ever heard of.


Have you seen them, ever?


Four, 11, 19. 21.


Oh, currency! Gold. Okay, one down.


That's an answer.


Also glancing around for books.


Inspiration? Anybody can--


200 feet? That's all right.


Just a friend hug.


Okay. I can try it. Can I try it?


No no no, don't do that!


Atta boy!


Are we really chasing the toad right now? Molly obviously did the most damage out of anyone and he's almost dead right now.


We just killed two ogres and some wolves, and a bunch of other goblins. We could probably do some serious damage to your old, mean tribe.


This is not about the gold, Fjord!


I'm taking a fucking door.


That's like Cirque du Soleil shit.


Ooh, was it the Gentleman?


I don't think it's going to be enough. Eight.


You taking a knee?


Yeah, sure is.


That's not a thing.


I cast Terminix.


Yes, but their shelters are destroyed now, so.


Just shank shank?


Hold the attack?


(hisses) It's working!


Yeah, we are.


Mushroom-stamp the land, let's go.


Such an Ashley thing to do.


I’m going to grapple that dick so good.


Just for attacks.


Terrible. 14?


Thanks, Vax.


We need a big beast on Draconia.


My sisters, they sent you? They are still hunting me?


A small electronic device.


Also, for the record, there was nothing magic about that. Maybe he's good at reading people, but that was not magic.


I don't care. [laughter]


Oh yeah. Okay.


Do you want me to start this explosively?


I drop, and I'm going to bean him on the head, like his name is Kynan.


Yeah. But it's a wish. We can wish for anything.


No, I'm talking it out. You can do that to how many more of us?


And I guess I'll Dimension Door, try to go through the Wall of Force. We've tried this before, Matt. Who knows how this shit works?


Can we freeze it? Can we cast cold on it or something?


Keyleth. Keyleth. Get us out of here.


Okay. Ten.


I'm here! A little sleepy, but I'm here! Oh! Well, if it isn't my old friends.


No, that's 14.


Molly, why did you laugh when I asked about the sisters?


He is going to be about 12 inches shorter.


All right, then I'm going to open it.


You have to throw it into the fire, Mr. Frodo!


Like what?! (laughter)


Larry?


Wait, she's going to the shack?


(old lady voice) I feel happy. I feel alive.


Yeah, just go.


As my bonus action, I will-- as my movement, I (sighs) tragically, flip the gun to Percy.


Yeah, like there. We'll make a nice long line so it'll be a little touchy-feely thing to get from one side to the other. I'm going to hold my attack until I see her, which is going to be a Sacred Flame.


That's a good idea. Come here, Trinky. Trink!


This combat just got a lot sexier.


Hee! 24.


I know. But I can't resist. I'll try to take one more look and pocket that as well.


Look, I'm a little jacked up. I think those two are a little jacked up.


Two negatives make a positive?


All right, and then I'm going to the bar to get a fucking drink.


It's less of a shove and more of a pull out of the way of Grog's rush.


So you had to have been a part of this party for a reason. What's in your bag of tricks? What can you do?


His poor mouse nuts.


I believe that.


Okay. (sighs) Okay. And I'll just be there when I can.


They didn't give you the same cup?


Where am I? Let's see. I'm over there? I'm going to run as far as I can go towards Fjord, and then I'm going to spend the rest of my action running across and get into that little alcove.


Do what you need to do to get all the information out of her that you can. If we see you cozying up with her, we'll know. We'll know that it's just an act.


And I'll unleash two Eldritch Blasts at that--


I am really strong, though.


Are you freaking kidding me?


And Purim, also.


That's where we had our little crash-base set up, right?


Just I Dream of Jeannie us there.


Yeah, do it. Do it!


Until then, I can only tell you I only want to know more about this and find out about what happened to my friend. That's as far as I'm thinking.


Make a medicine check?


106.


Shenanigans will ensue, so don't miss it. Be sure to check it out at Twitch.tv/dndbeyond to watch. That's our sponsor shoutout.


I'm going to get down and shoot.


Yes, she's correct. I was wondering if we could, perchance, trade it for a favor of your arcane ability?


I elbow Percy, and I go, do we talk to him?


I need to re-listen to the tale of Dashilla. I need to go find that awesome ukulele version those girls did.


No, I'll keep it on just for safety.


Also, the battery died on the computer.


I saw him appear suddenly, right? Okay. Vex? Okay, I pet Trinket for an indeterminate amount of time. I wait.


I suck. 2d6 plus eight.


We'll be back soon, darling.


I've been doing a d12. Is that appropriate for the hammer?


Do we need a bigger vessel?


Is there somebody on the left?


Keyleth and I encountered him last.


Nine.


Kerr?


It's very shiny.


So can I add an inspiration on this?


Hello?


It's really quiet in here. But then again it would be really quiet out of here as well.


Red robe seemed more fancy.


Druidcraft.


Wait, doesn't he have no nose?


Judging by the-- no, I didn't hear any of that.


I wish you calm waters and safe journey. We will take it back over to The Squalleater.


How many silver? What did you say?


Into the cooler bag.


That creature hanging around.


She's with me, yeah? No, did we leave her back there?


Should I be rolling for Trinket?


Fatty!


I use two SP points to do quickening spell. I cast Grand Column under myself. (imitates rock moving) Fifteen feet up in the air.


No, he didn't-- that's a critical hit.


Seven overall. Plus two necrotic on the first hit. Five necrotic on the second.


I love the hot springs, aren't they fantastic?


Febron Keyes.


Tell us where she is.


Hopefully that cuts me a little breathing room. And a question that only you know, Matthew--


Sure. We all have a single bruise. (laughter)


I don’t like being stuck in there though.


Just you two, right? Is this the group?


Oh, we came up on the western side of the mountains?


What is this walking thing? It's terrible.


Maybe it was Yasha.


That's amazing. Oh, and guys, Mary Elizabeth came back to visit and watch. So she did return.


(stone Tiberius voice) Please, no!


It's got scales all over it. I mean that stays, right? It doesn't have to be kept cold?


No more of you doing my voice, Matt?


Well-- Ow! Right, yeah. Two.


Wait, I miscalculated. It's 37. Is that what I said?


A half-pull.


I was fine. [dramatic music]


A natural retardant?


Ugh, yeah.


Right. We can gift you a horse, and then you can go find them.


And we certainly don't expect that to be accomplished without something given in return. Of course.


You're fine. You're good.


I know I'm the proven coward of this group, but do we want an untested horse-person coming with us?


Bowl of Wheaties.


Not painted bald caps? Not blue-painted bald caps?


Great! I'm getting day drunk!


Underneath, not within five feet?


(lisp) Help me, Cecil, help!


Kind of greenish-yellow. Couldn't quite see, but it kind of looked like an overgrown shrimp, crab-type thing. Kind of crustacean-y.


I'm a guest.


Oh man, eight.


Deadly.


No, you sleep it off.


Who's not feared?


I thought you get a point of exhaustion after Haste.


If there's going to be a trap, it's going to be getting us into the temple.


(sighs) I don't have time. (sighs)


Yes I do. Okay, 15.


Answer!


That's going to take a lot of thinking.


Have some volcanic ash.


Yes, Percival. I have never needed your intellect more than right now. What is the solution?


What is this episode? What--


I have a lot of stuff going on.


Instead of collapsing three tunnels?


(gasps) Okay. Yasha, you get on one side. I'll get on the other.


A little web series.


Wait. Before we go into not-regular announcements, should we make sure that people know that we're not having an episode next week because of Comic-Con?


13 plus five. 18!


Let me know if I can do anything else! Do you want a candle?


I feel like we did such a good job on the last one.


No no no!


Can I swing by Gilmore's and just see if he or-- Sherri works there?


Because I already used that. I made some noise hitting the first guy. 7 plus the poison.


Hand wraps, get some aviators? It'd be totally cool.


All right. I mean, it kind of worked. But you're not entirely wrong! I was trying to go get the stupid little girl, who seemed to be stupid.


I'm fine. One of our employees punched me in the face.


He doesn't like to use the sword. It's a lot to clean, there's brains on it. He likes to keep it nice and tidy in here. This isn't even our palace. Don't make him use the sword.


She had a Heroes' Feast in there, I think.


Yes, Sapphire?


Is there a wastebasket?


Then I'm going to do my bite attack.


Can't they have sentries and a shelter in the sewers? They could clear out part of it and have sentries every night, and any time a dragon comes, they just go underground and wait. Wait it out.


He's got his head shoved up the ass of a clock right now, leave him be.


No, but, maybe we're thinking too small-ball. If you can actually make a translation of that thing, that's the frame we've been looking for. We take that to the Plank King, we're going to get all the head start we can get. We know where the other peach tree is now, so--


He's on fire. Oh, and he takes another d10 because I moved into his space.


Oh, it's, (gibberish).


We wonder why there's the West Nile virus.


Double the dice!


He's in it? It's done?


That's fine. You'll be fine. You'll be fine.


It's as if it never was!


Oh wow. If I'm able, I will stand on my own and go back into Frumpkin and wait because he is far ahead of me, Frumpkin, and my friends are mostly behind me, but I'm okay.


I'll go first because I'm at disadvantage on everything, so.


Yeah, dude, d6 damage if you annoy the GM.


Sometimes thunder happens out of nowhere.


It's a very good blessing wherever it lands.


Do you need help?


I palm Scanlan by the face and cast Lay On Hands. How bad are you, buddy?


I turn and smile at Beau.


Like balconies?


I'll give him 70 gold.


We're stealthing!


I couldn't make any furniture yet. But anyway, in a pinch, and tonight. And the alarm is up.


Vax. We have to put it back.


Wait! Also, the PayPal is working again, for donations.


(shouting) You lost the carpet?!


Can you scry on that death knight guy that was next to her?


(gasps) He does look suspicious.


Did you? Did you build it?


What's the modifier for king of the apes?


I take off my cloak and I cover the head with it.


Then I can send Jester down there.


Follow them.


How do you do this every week?


No, there's ten more rivers!


Brain twerk?


I know, I gotta keep it.


That's how it works.


Well, I think we want breakfast.


We used it on the troll and it did nothing.


There's fog or something. What's going on?


It's about 100 feet away. Don't worry.


That'll be the fortress, maybe, but--


What did you hear, specifically?


That's not nice!


That's not good. Four.


The darkness demands your soul, Sylas. I'm going to cast Hex on Lady Briarwood and pull my smoke bomb at the exact same second and throw it at them.


Also, in theory, I think it's possible that I could just send her to hell.


My name is Caleb Widogast.


Mimosas.


Oh, I used the book to make the wig. Is that okay? (all laugh)


I don't know what any of these are; do you know what's good and what's bad?


Yeah Vax!


That’s the last one?


My mug? Here's mine.


Oh, Jesus Christ. Can I just tiptoe backwards towards Percy? Or should I-- You know what? I'm going to stay. I'm just going to stay right there. Is that even worse of a decision?


You've got asshole.


Whales.


Two days. Go to Emon, talk to Shaun. He's been everywhere.


Although it doesn't really matter because I'm going to cast Lightning Arrow on him and I lose my Hunter's Mark again.


That's right! You're up. I swat.


Hold on, Pike had a question.


Sure. Keyleth?


Yeah, there's like 37 things we have to do before, so.


So what's your name?


A book?


Who's got the sticks? We've got sticks.


I got your back.


I'm still blind?


Yeah, but I don't know what I want to do, though. Waiting for everybody else to run. 17.


I think-- I think all I'm manifesting at this point is scars. Honestly, I feel a little lost now. I'm really not entirely sure what I'm doing with myself.


I'm not sure what just happened, but I need you to know that you're very dear to me. I've only known you for a short period of time-- At any rate, while you were gone, and I'm not sure how much time I'll be spending with you from now-- I have something for you. After our fight with Rimefang, I forged something for you as well. And it is one Arrow of Dragon-Slaying. And I want you to have this, if for some reason I'm not here, or I can't help you. I want you to use this to do whatever you can to get rid of these things.


Am I right?


Of course not. You're so generous.


We can always kill him.


Fuck you, dice gods.


Seems like it would take days.


What does that have to do with anything?


Do you have Greater Restoration?


I just clothesline him. I see him running, I'm like (grunts).


Yeah, they're super-fast.


I'm going to cast Detect Magic on it.


I'm pretty sure--


You said that he's kind of a--?


Why don't we get old Drunky Greybeard that's got his face down on the bar to do it?


Can I run out to her?


Shit balls ass! Let's do it.


Attacks of opportunity?


That's disgusting.


Are those bellows or is it more complicated?


Any proteins that used to have a heartbeat, in any way? No? Yeah, fuck it.


Let's let the sparrow see if it can find anything. Then we know which direction we have to head into so there's not too much meandering about.


Can I look out too, I've been on the lookout for a building the whole time!


I think they can tell that Vax is special. I think-- He has value down here.


I don't add his full strength? It doesn't fucking matter, because I rolled a three.


Maybe it's stage right.


Oh hi, Pike! (laughter)


I'm going to leave the little rock thing that Grog gave me right outside his door, and I'll get Lionel up at first light, and I guess we'll set off for Ank'harel.


That's where we're going.


In front of the--


My turn? Okay, are rats swarming me?


I feel that this is a skill check. No. I spent too long in high school learning how to juggle. Skill check.


Yep, Jeremiah.


You don't have any arcane abilities anyway, right?


How do you mean, vanish?


I'm scared to death, which is why the math is so bad.


I'd say the docks are his home, if we could figure out where he lived.


I don't know. She thought about it one time with my dad. She was planning to leave with him, but then he never came back.


Good shit. Little damaged voice, fuck yeah.


That was so badass, though!


Yes, yes he--


Do you think that they will be agreeable to this plan?


Well, of course. Usually, after the performance is taken by other things.


I wonder if that's how many other chosen ones there are.


Is the compass moving?


Okay, I'm going to see what I can do.


It got lost on the way! It was amazing.


Yeah, but I think they're going to-- yeah, you got it. I think we've got to move this fountain.


(gasps, running noises)


That was a really good thought.


Yeah, let's get all our ducks in a row.


Tton. Yes.


I don't either. I mean, I got something that holds, but it damages, too.


Aw, there is, and it's singing!


Who are our two strongest? Jester?


Is she like a dragon for real? Does anybody--?


Oh man, you know, I just flew in. Oh no, we're running out of space. Grog! Hi, guys. Wow, this looks amazing!


Oh man, we're doing-- we're flanking!


With Luck.


(gasps) Nothing.


And as Percy and Tary, as the science bros have said several times, at least a negative outcome is still an outcome, or something like that.


I'm fascinated by the walls. I rolled a 28.


I think Laura's actually my favorite character.


I walk up. Be pleased.


Oh, my name is Molly to my friends, and we're friends, now, aren't we? Pleasure.


Oh, not Vasselheim, I'm sorry. Allura. I'm on the wrong page.


My tortle eyebrows are going like this.


Several rooms, or just one?


The mortal world has received its divine cherub.


It is three.


I believe in you!


I was just going to cast Bless. Entirely up to you.


You by yourself?


It's been an honor to have your acquaintance, and I'm afraid I have to return, but perhaps we'll meet again sometime.


Before we leave, can I stop by the Pillow Trove and let them know any mail coming for me or Ms. Lavorre, Esquire, please forward that to the Menagerie Coast by way of Nicodranas and my mom's place?


I want to see what the area's like.


Well, I'm canceling the critical, anyway.


What am I going to do? Okay, I'm going to-- I can use it-- oh, I already used my bonus action. Damn it, that's why I didn't want to do it. All right, I run to the pedestal, but I don't touch the thing.


They can't hurt us when we're mist.


The doors don't lock, though, so you have to be on guard all night long. Training is a 24-hour regimen around here.


This is the second time in a week I've gotten to do this to people.


I am trying to get in the water. I need to go somewhere.


So what do I do? Acrobatics check first?


And we're all on the carpet?


No, that's very interesting. Good to know.


I did move up. I said I ran up next to Yasha and spiked it. I parkoured off her shoulders, spiked it.


Greyskull Keep. It's in Emon.


Right, shit.


Chickens are all coming home to roost.


There's things flying around out there.


Let's off-road it!


I love it. (whispers) It's terrible.


Okay. Then I'm going to try it through the blazing bowstring.


Hey, there's a lake!


No, no, no!


Maybe they will, maybe they won't. How about for those who want to stay, we help build some fortifications. For those who want to leave, we'll protect them on their way there.


Fuck. What do I do?


We're going to have to take it right now!


I start pulling books out.


Happy anniversary, you dicks. (laughter)


How thick is it? Is it viscous?


Don't be a scorpion.


(laughs) And here we go for the final roll for this attack. Pew pew. And that's again. That's really good. That's 29 to hit.


The Opal Archway!


Nine. Which is like a natural 20 in this campaign.


That's ama-- I mean, right? Lightning strike?


Oh thanks!


Was all of that for all to hear or are they off a bit?


Best kind of surprise.


Do you want to look like the High-Richter and walk in without saying anything?


We can only produce as fast as Max's little hands can manage.


Run a D&D game for kids.


Guest dragon kill.


Why don't we just throw it in some lava?


Does Keyleth see all of this?


It's the third one.


I take the bottle. He pulled it back! I let him have it.


Let's flank. Around.


If somebody says they're one thing but really they're just not all that.


My name's Pike.


You did it right.


He's too drunk to fuck.


It's still not terrible.


What were you doing hanging out on a ship in a pirate island?


Buy everything.


Ignore that, that got weird.


(muffled) We don't even have a cleric with us!


Circle back.


Yeah. I do. I'd like Vax to come.


I don't know. Why more so now?


Hey, there is an emote Laura!


(shushes) Night-night.


I want to make a lasso again, of sorts. But with a grappling hook on the end. So it will spin around him real quick.


Okay. This is totally awesome.


You failed what?


Alcohol does make everything better.


Yeah, what if the--


Oh, there's a lot of Courage. We make it every year.


Goddamn. Okay, that's it. Warm-up time over. That was easy. Okay, here's the deal. Sometimes, people in the Twitch chat don't like Critical Role Live because the audience participates. Those people-- (laughs) Those people-- hold on. I just want to say, with all the love and respect in my heart, those people can tune off right now. (cheering)


Cyndrian.


No, we haven't come in yet. We were all hiding in this little thing. I'm putting you in the back, Nott.


I don't know how to make this sound normal. Did it know you? Did it feel like it was there for you?


I don't have Luck. I can inspire myself. I will inspire myself with a little song. (singing) Scanlancito, he's got tiny feet-oh, but he likes to cast spells, he does it with his beat-oh. When you go to sleep-oh, better check your sheet-ohs, because after he eats-ohs, he likes to take a shit-oh! (laughter)


I got-- Other than-- Yeah, I got nothing. Other than trying to distract it.


You can see them and they control you.


And yes! This is nice. 19.


Just a little more.


Oh, hi!


Zahra, what about you, do you know about dragons?


A meteor.


3,000 miles away.


I'm going to use the meteorite.


Oh, I would follow suit.


--this is not going well for me. I'm not a happy camper.


What are we going to do to it?


Nothing good ever happens to you in my workshop. It's just not a good place for you. Too many things.


All right, I'll run in further. Can I run in and stealth or is that it?


Drops a couple of horse apples.


Is there anything else we need or require?


I'll stay with the boat.


I don't know what the fuck's going on, Matt, it's fine.


He can hit you.


(laughing) Oh, Kashaw, you sweet-talker. (laughter)


We were worried. You kind of went into a state. Just making sure you are all right.


He's just dented in, he can't get out.


To killing an archdevil.


She will be with us when we reach the end.


Awesome! Be one of those!


Is this True Polymorph?


At the very least, let's make our way to Westruun, then. Let's get that far and see what's--


Yes, I am. That brought me to 12. (laughter)


(laughs) No, please. I'm so happy to see you happy. Don't worry about me. I'm fine!


Performance.


He's probably dead.


I will look for a door. That's cocked. Six.


Smart!


We should use the volcano as part of our strategy. Like Moses--


There's some really questionable thingies in here, but you can see them if you want.


You're my big brother, yeah?


How long have you been working for Captain Avantika?


I like to refer to myself as Duchess, Grand Duchess.


You went to the good one.


Do the half-elves and the gnomes see anything when there's light going through?


I think you need to move the fucking statue.


I happily went, "I get to use arcane recovery" in my head because of the conversation that was happening.


Karen and Rothschild.


Right. Cool. Then I'm not going to use it. Because now I understand how it works. I've learned something.


I am telling you right now, I am not setting foot in that thing's lair.


Three copper.


I get to hit him! Seven points of damage!


I fully expect to be treated as a full, paying member of this and I will gladly contribute one-seventh of the salary.


To another plane of existence. But one without chain golems trying to kill you.


I punch her. (laughter)


Time for what?


Does it have a barcode on it?


To a contract.


Aww. I'm going to tell Nugget to look at my Mama and say, blink to her right now, okay, for as long as we tell you to. That's home.


That song is not called "Doo-Bop." It's called "Mmmbop."


All right. I scry on Nitebe.


The layout of the dock, is the front of the ship near the dock? Is it pulled up? Is it parallel parked?


Wait, no, you said you were betrothed to be married? Wait, you're married? Oh, wow, you just spilled it!


We never take time for ourselves. Come on!


The weather is certainly dry.


Yeah. A lot different than your simulators back home, huh?


If it makes you feel better, Scanlan.


Feels like a carnival ride.


Oh my god, look at that thing.


Did you say how big the structure within the wall is?


Ooh, stairs.


Yes. Yeah. I don't know how we get out of here, but we're going to try.


Gee, I had a spell that would be useful, but it's not ready.


Same.


Grog, hand me the sword.


Yes. I did. My handwriting is not as good.


I know who took your friends. They're not nice people, as you may have gathered. Good thing you were heading to Shadycreek Run because that's where they operate out of.


Who is his boss or something?


Okay, so can I--


All right. I'm going to stab him three times in his fire buttocks. First one is a 27.


Explain to us why we shouldn't kill you now and let your two friends wander off into the sunset, not to be touched by us if they turn and run.


It would have to be pretty scary. And then, hey, that works.


If word has not reached you by now, honestly, I'm quite surprised.


I'm thinking it'll be a quick trip.


Hey, there are people who walk away with pieces of forests, beaches, all the time.


Yeah, how are you going to be the bait?


Okay. You're really all right, Caleb?


I tighten the grasp on them.


Oh! This is cool.


Will Friedle will be there, too. He's going to be my convention wife. Me and Friedle.


I'm going to use the gun barrel to sear it a bit.


Aren't you empty yet?


We worked out that he could-- okay, great. There's bugs in my nose.


Was it one kick? Just one.


I don't think the the bird would know the Mardun house.


That always goes really well.


I would like to thank you very much, as well.


Did he just give us an IOU?


Where'd all my d8s go?


It's Arendelle!


It was important enough for you to bring it up, Sam.


All right, I think I have to use an action to unlock this cage. To pick the lock.


Yeah. Are they close by?


It's my mom's birthday today. (all cheer)


Trinket's unconscious still in my necklace.


It is bad!


Stop saying the word 'goblin'. People are going to hear you.


I just have a quick question.


Real perceptive, rogue.


Tell him we say hi.


Oh, okay! I can do that. Are there any boxes or treasure chests?


It went south. Well, most of us.


Well, I wasn't really holding them to that one.


I take my hand and I Guiding Bolt the top of the gem.


So you don't know any extra secret entrances or exits to the prison itself?


I think that's acceptable.


Feels so good! Feels like real shopping; I get a shopping high! Cathartic!


That is exactly what it is.


Starburns' really kinda rocking it for me.


Put my hand underneath the spear. Put my hand over the spear.


Ah, this is going terribly! I'm failing!


Hey, so... (laughs)


I'm going to assist her by taking my other dagger and letting it drip poison down the blade.


You'll have to teach me.


Tary, why didn't you tell us that? Maybe we've been taking the wrong approach this whole time.


Holding.


I was going to say it, but I thought it was-- I'm out of practice!


Insight check. (rolls) I'll take that. 14.


This is the sort of conversation one should have in person, I suppose.


Can I attach the Chain of Returning to Craven Edge? And I'll throw it at trident-less bastard right there, yeah.


I'm going to put my face in the water and breathe.


We need to get off this floor real bad.


Which one is ours?


Come on. 12.


Stealth checks! Can you help someone there, Jester?


Oh my god, you came back and Grog died!


Did you kill someone for that?


The dice have spoken, Matt.


I've got this, you guys. Oh! Minus two. 17!


I'll stay on the middle floor. I'll be team middle floor.


They were very upset that we tried to take the scroll box.


I Shapechange back to Keyleth for a second. Do you know which section of the prison they're in?


Just the old Flame Strike.


How are you carrying all of these weapons?


Have you seen the Briarwoods this week?


Your mustache is almost down to your chin for a goatee.


Just right out with it.


Oh, she rolled really well. What's her modifier, added to an 18?


Could you tell us who the other two groups are, besides ourselves and the Stubborn Stock?


I have theories. I have lots and lots of theories.


Jester, while Molly is looking around, hold that for me. Hold it still.


I have an idea. I can make a magical hut that nothing can pass through.


Yeah. Not the boots, not the sword, not the gold.


Roll again. Yeah, roll again, best of two. Better!


Yeah, seem.


Well, he's my protector for sure.


Go, go, go.


Yes, please. Oh, that's not going to do it. Nine.


With an eye for the shithead who's tormenting that guy in the tree.


It's a funny story. It's really funny.


Oh boy. Okay. Can I do any extra check on him?


I'm a little rusty, but I trust you'll keep me honest through this.


Natural 20. And another natural 20?


From where I am, I can tell that we need to climb around it. If I look very hard, do I see any little holes or cracks or anything above?


Seven more crocs appear.


What was that thing you said earlier? Fucko? What was that?


What do you want for it?


The plans are easy, the magic users are going to be attacking Vecna with all they're worth.


(cheers) So he's down.


Wait, don't hurt him! Don't hurt him; I scream: Don't hurt him.


I'll inspire Grog.


Maybe we should so that we stealth better.


Yes, here I am.


Ja. But worth it.


Are you going to Pumat's?


Right. Got to keep that in mind.


No movement that we can see, just the sound?


Do we all get to see what we're dressed as?


No, I don't hear anything.


Wait, if you like conjure it outside and walk in, is it going to go poof and disappear?


Also, we're going to have two more staying with us, if that's okay.


I'm going to recast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, P.S.


Could be. Do you have work?


Sit by the skulls!


Hold my position and use one more Tongue on one of the other guys.


Wait, who did that?


5 00 or 6 00.


I don't know if she was referring to monetary wealth, but sure.


Before we go, was there something you wanted to tell the drow woman?


We had it upstairs. Kiri!


I was floating around, trying to find my way to the Cerberus. I don't know if that's what I want to do anymore.


This place is giving me a rash.


Let him prod. It's fine.


Can I back him up?


To Vax.


No, yes, no. It's not him.


I know. Right next to the dragons?


What else is left?


And for that, we'll teach you your own magic word.


Onward, I guess.


I do feel like our teamwork has been getting better, though. We've been doing so good. Synergizing.


But then you saw some prisoners?


Especially if we're in like fart form.


Aww. So sweet!


I'm going to go.


Did we do that?


Trinket moves around and in front of me to protect me.


Never unpacked it.


I wonder if it's all a distraction, though, for the big stuff.


It's just, you could easily tell.


We know we're strangers. But we read much wisdom and experience in your eyes, and it would seem that you have encountered this place yourself, or have experience in the past with those who have, and we're just looking for an edge, really.


Okay, then I will not let it run over the weekend.


No problem. I know it's a few days off, but we should have some sort of safe word. Some sort of attack word. Grog, any suggestions?


Mostly Liam.


That's what you were going for.


Soltryce Academy.


Well, somebody was transporting an item I'm looking for and I think it's there and I need to get it before some other people get it. But I'm not stealing it. Well, I kind of am stealing it, but I'm taking it back for a good reason.


How long has it been?


On the deck of the ship?


Ooh, I like it. I walk up and I take his mask off.


It's already in!


Disguise Self?


Ey! Yeah!


Oh, we're going to shimmy across. Because what if the guard looks up and sees us?


Wait, what happened to your foot?


What is he? How far away is he from me?


Good job, Percy.


We did have a pillow fight.


Okay! Here, I pick some lint off one of the coppers that I have.


Well, I mean, if that's the options... I'm just going to just tap my staff and cast Dispel at third level.


Yeah. We're in this together.


He has some preconceived notions.


I think we're all in physical contact, at this point, except for me.


But I don't want him to be able to be turned against us. He looks normal.


So I go over to the nearest tree.


Have you ever seen it up close?


Wh-what? Confused. Can you say that again?


We're here to talk to Toya.


Druid.


Let's all step back, step way back. Back it up, back it up.


Is Trinket here?


Split the party! I say we do it; fuck it, let's split the party. One take east, one take west.


(sighs) There's no humane way to do this.


It's pale as shit. When I go to the beach, I don't tan, I stroke.


You may lose your belt for this, friend.


Really poorly, normally!


We've had old magic, new magic, strange magic.


I see them about once a month, really.


All right, overweight. Don't fucking fail me now. That's all right.


Give me this. How far to the quarry?


You don't need to cry yet.


A big feather, like a white, plumey feather?


Solid. I'm just going to walk towards the tree. (laughter)


17? Oh, wait. 19.


I've already got the keys in my hand and I'm just going to start going for it.


Cool. Reckless. Natural 20.


Ten. No! That's a nine, so that is a 13.


What's your name, young sir?


Was it three attacks from the hydra on Avantika or four?


I got to go outside. I got to go outside.


I think you're going to do very well.


Definitely not. Listen, I think there's two steps to this: there's the short term and the long term. We have to solve this short-term need really quickly. Not this whole 230,000-dollar-- I mean -gold debt. It's a Whitestone term, I mean a Wildmount. Oh my god. My phone rang! I'm confused! Anyway, listen, couple drinks before-- no. We have a short-term problem that we can maybe go alleviate a bit if we go talk to these folk at the Laughing Ninny or whatever it's called. The Grumpy Lily.


The big ornate bed.


I am not alone. I have friends with me. Some of whom look quite scary, so don't be alarmed if a bear stands right behind me.


Fuck! Fuck this. Fuck it. I'm not doing it.


I love Toastmasters.


On a side note, Matt, you look so quietly pained to hear Mordenkainen bathed in whatever that was.


Ten. Ten for me.


Maybe just have some tea. They might have tea. Do you have tea?


I will go on her. I don't like her, so I'll punch her in the face.


The Xhorhasian? Okay. Uh. Shit, I don't know. Why are we attacking this person?


Eyy!


Yes, I know.


Is the magic dispelled? For sure?


Ipess or Waldok?


Okay, well, I'm going to use my giant lollipop, and it's going to swing and hit a couple times and try to hit one like a bat.


Okay. I assume bad things are happening in there, I don't need to see it, right? I think I'll just kind of-- is there anything--


"How good do you feel about a natural 20?" Well, judging by the shit that's been going down today-- fuck it! I already said it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do Control Water and I'm going to see if I can suck all the blood off of the orb.


Out of curiosity--


Yep. Girls wear pink lipstick.


Oh, good to know. Trinket, head back to that tavern, would you? People are getting nervous.


Are there any other goliaths in the square that are lingering?


(laughs) It was great fun.


Maybe it makes you fly, maybe it makes you molt. There's all sorts of things feathers could do.


Yeah, I can get that.


Me and Travis are going to cut out.


I'd like to, yeah.


Oh, new spells.


You can help me in the workshop.


Should I stay? I'll just stay.


We're working on it.


I would like a couple things. I would like one of the rusty instruments and I would like one of the diamonds, please.


Yes, we do. She cast it.


22. 24.


Really? I've seen you use it. You just pull your finger on the finger part and the big boom part goes out.


I got a 24.


That would be the place.


Yeah, it wasn't too bad.


Oh, yeah, yeah, we talked about it last time.


We're going to fly over there, as well. And then also we're attaching a rope, just in case.


We do always have rooms at Slayer's Take.


The one that grappled me.


We got a good 24-48 hours on the rest of you.


I want to know if there's other booby traps.


I'm closing it. I can do it again, I still have two more spell slots.


Do it, girl.


That'll do 19 points of damage. Actually, that's more than 19 points, because it's a fire shot, so 19 plus two, so 21 points, with two points of fire damage in there.


I'm going to run up, I'm going to go for a rib shot with the bo. It's not a good roll. It's not great. 12.


Sorry, we got distracted, there was a troll that came and stole our guide. I think you might have known him. Anyway, which way is the actual safe house that we're trying to get to?


Pee. (laughter)


Am I coherent? Am I awake and alive?


Well, what you've got going for you is you look a lot like me. You can remind her of me once in a while.


It still smells amazing, so if you could just--


We were all surprised.


We can't talk about anything.


11 for the first, and then--


Just the one. Just the one Power Word Kill.


Greatsword.


Like monsters, more of those water things?


(sings) With advantage!


Caleb says nothing.


These are better. They're Velcro.


It's easier to teleport if you're already been there.


I'm playing Robin, Robin. All right?


I have now. Have I heard of her?


About how much is 500 pounds worth of gold? Maybe that's a better question?


It has an AC of 22. It's some bullshit.


Okay. And I find Grog.


Fascinating. All right. That's my move.


It feels nice to participate in a democracy like this.


Oh, right, I only get 5d8.


Fucking balls. Okay. No, plus six to 11. That's 17.


Do they need to roll into initiative?


You have to think about it for a while.


Oh, it's not funny.


I'm super old. Let's go.


I'm sure he did.


It's four, right?


I want to get a good look at it, but this sounds like a fun challenge.


Huh. Well, that's convenient.


That's what they say about all the ugly girls. "She's very nice."


Are you working with the Briarwoods? Did the Briarwoods send you?!


It exists, Liam.


Yes. 17?


Oh no, I'm sorry, on their ship, on that side of the gangplank.


This guy's an asshole!


How big were they? Would two, three of them fit in that space?


No, you didn't get a read.


We could do it now. As we move forward.


My DC would be eight plus my spellcasting modifier--


26 plus another five, so 31 on the first hit.


It's fine. It's rocks.


No, I feel good that you're making this happen.


Did you want to shop now or later?


Scanlan also just texted to say, "Don't kill the giant, don't kill the giant!"


Melee spell attack, so I roll at disadvantage.


I feel like we're sympatico on this.


You should lob a Fireball.


No reason, I'm procrastinating.


You sure it's a rock?


Gone. Stealthed. Laters.


So we have an hour to sell 140 shirts.


I'm scared.


Yet inviting.


We can bring it back.


That's what he calls himself.


I ask Schmidt to insert the spirally staff into the Laura Bailey hole in the center of the dais.


Okay. Yes. Sounds good to me.


Okay. It's wedged into my belt. Yeah, okay.


Rock that shit, Perce.


It needs a wielder, Percy.


Vegetation is gone here, right?


They're 24 x 36. Gorgeous.


Yes, go Kima.


Percy, that was made for you.


I'm scared to let go of it.


Great. 8.


Is the poison still in the air, or is it--


I'll make my way up to him, if he's not busy.


Did you get it?


(snaps fingers) Frumpkin back in.


I'm going to drink more.


That is easily the most fucked two characters have ever been, to a full reversal! That is the deepest fuckage we've ever dipped a toe in.


Yeah, we're out of Port Zoon and we're just trying to get there and back in the same day if we can.


Caleb's naked!


What do you mean, "where they're supposed to be?" They stole it from the smugglers.


You must be a dark wizard.


Maybe we just have to think really hard about being at the tower.


No, I'm good. Thank you.


Kiki, it's yours.


So I'm also gonna spend my die.


Well the day after Thanksgiving on Friday is Honey Heist 3: Tova's Honeys.


He's diseased. You can maybe see if you could perhaps use your medicine strengths to see what the problem is.


I thought they were stairs!


Okay, so that is seven points of damage and sneak attack damage?


There was planning. There was a thought process.


These last three or four years have been the best of my life.


You are magic.


Back at the front gate, leaning against Beauregard: Eh, what is that? Is that your blood-- or is that mine?


It hasn't been hit yet since she--


We're going to also create ways of making sure the dragon can't take flight. We're going to make sure that everyone has a purpose and a place. It will not be just a giant swath of people ready to die.


He, yeah. He teabags it.


I won't pretend that we didn't have our own reasons for it. But we are grateful that you recognize that we respect your authority.


21. So we know 20 hits.


We should probably tell them what's going on. People should start to prepare themselves for what's coming. We can't just keep this to ourselves.


Twin cups! (clinks)


Sure, that's what I do.


I know, but how much? It's only like a five foot cube, right? So I can't make a tunnel.


I'm going to fill up with three daggers and dump Divine Smite into the first.


No one wants to fuck with the elemental? Really? No one?


I'm going to pull a Grog and taste it.


I can listen to the Starosta.


It's a level three Spiritual Weapon. It's a natural one.


I think I'm too cruel to lead. (sighs) Regardless, speaking of which, oh boy. Grog.


But if she can cast through her, then I can imagine she can make contact because she casts on touch.


We pretty much are, actually. I hate to tell you this.


He always loved them.


Okay. Perfectly simple.


Now, I only have my bonus action left, so can I go into a rage?


I literally just pivoted around my sister and pressed against her.


When's it due for its next pickup?


I have to tell you something. We're not actually Draconian.


Oh, I'm sorry.


Vex, you got that? Could you translate that?


That's really badass.


Oh boy, already? Dex. 17. Oh. Plus four. 21.


How do you mean divine? Like she can see things? If she kills the radioactive beast does that mean she gets radioactive powers?


Wand of Magic Missiles. And I'll shoot three at the one at the left. That's the first charge, and then use three additional charges on the one on the right.


I think we should save that for, wait until they actually meet Gilmore.


Hang on. I don't mean to question everything, but Wilhand defected from the whole family and became a cleric, but he never mentioned anything of a curse? Why did he become a cleric?


Keg goes in to distract, Caleb kills the horses.


It doesn't actually have fingers. It's a mitt piece, strap-on, it can lock the thumb and lock the hand so you can open it, lock, close it, lock. It's got little flip-locks.


Now there's fire.


That's cocked. Natural 20 on that one, and a four on a second one, which is 12.


D&D Beyond, everybody. (clears throat) D&D Beyond is our fabulous sponsor, they're here every week. They put these things on our iPads-- I mean, our tablet devices that help us track our stats and stuff, and they wanted us to let you know that this week, Matt Mercer's gunslinger fighter subclass is now available on D&D Beyond. In the character builder, critters can begin creating their version of Percy right now on D&D Beyond. They actually already have started creating their own versions of Percy and loading it with the features that we've come love about Percy. I've compiled a list. It's the Top Ten List of Percy Features Being Added on D&D! Everyone, a little, light drumroll if you could. Number ten: extra long, pompous names. Number nine: skin so white it claps on the ones and threes. Number eight: bags containing gunpowder and Victor fingers. Number seven: that feat where your dice always roll 20s even though they're not cursed by a demonic ritual. Number six: blue hair dye! Number five: steampunk bifocals. Number four: giant bathtubs that comfortably hold a female half-elf under the water for 15 minutes. You can add these features to your Percy. Number three: throat bubbles. (laughter)


Thankfully, it's got shitty AC. 16?


You should do more than believe that. You should probably know that.


They're in a place, though, where if we can get rid of the goliaths, at least they could function with the dragons.


If we stay in this... tight.


You checked a trap in this room, didn't you?


Yeah, what'd you catch?


Check out our 50th episode next week, guys, with special guests Vin Diesel--


Do I get my radiant damage on him?


I think I need a drink.


Yeah, that's what we do. Constantly. We'll trade off so it's like--


I guess we head down that direction.


Natural 20! (yelling and cheering)


Oh my god. Come on, Grog!


That's why I said switch to a fucking dice that I gave you!


I haven't really looked. I still got this damn bronze rod with me, too, so I got to find my way out of here.


Oh, I'm not good at this shit. I'm going to train in it. It's coming.


Hard life.


Is it on the ground or five feet above the ground?


No, I mean between her and the closest one to her.


Okay, so they were totally in love and she was going to marry him, and he was totally in love with her and he was going to marry her, and they said they were going to get married, and then she got pregnant with me, and he said-- they got married and he was going to go set up his house, and then he just never came back.


We already know. It's fine.


Ladies and gentlemen, Kaylie's Fine! Ladies and gentlemen.


I have a bear. Do you want to disguise the bear?


Sometimes a lava cave is just a lava cave.


Does it have a frame of any sort?


Do they only see that side? Do they see us come around the other side of the pillar? They see all of us.


And we searched the Briarwoods' library that they had gathered together that say anything about--


(whispers) Render.


I want Percy. I'm going to tackle Percy.


Or it's a message to us.


I seem to have missed my calling.


I have the sword, yeah.


Because we don't get that.


Yeah, I'm going to stay exactly where I am.


Well, what should we do with it? We should get rid of it?


Underground.


Feels like trouble would make your life a little interesting, though, wouldn't it?


We're on the main level.


Oh, believe me. I have, as well. This locket will take a nice little chunk off of that tally.


I would be dead.


I would like to--


It's true though! He's not legit!


Can we keep to the edge and try to not disturb the rock as much as possible.


I was going to have my duplicate go over and touch the guy laughing on the ground, and cast Inflict Wounds.


That-- pretty great. Was great. Pretty great.


Do you feel all right?


It's not like we're going to go wherever--


Yeah. I'm wearing a Platinum Dragon necklace.


Okay, what is that, d4? Great, yeah, six points. Awesome.


You got a natural 20?


We saw them when we were in the city before.


Stop touching me. Stop touching me.


Well, we have the rocks. We could send a rock with him.


All right, let's just put Vex and Vax.


Wait, they're in the prison?


Yeah, be very thorough.


Or arcana? 14.


Two in the morning?


I believe you have a quill that belongs to us. Just a single writing implement. We lent it to you, we want it back.


I would like to bust out at a full dead sprint after Percy. "There's no blood being had without me!"


I don't want to lose the damage that's on him.


What's my persuasion? Oh, you passed it down. All right. I make a seven.


All right. I'm going to put the string of globules up the passage.


Lieb.


Wait, Button Wonka's factory? With the boompa-loompas?


Yeah, front door!


(meh meh meh sounds)


Where was Kashaw?


Yeah, we look rad.


We couldn't see you. We could barely see anything. We were stuck, they had us gagged and bound. I swore I heard a few voices, but we were moving before we knew it.


Toll house.


Classic B&E? Plane Shift takes a minute--


Can anybody cast Dispel Magic?


It makes me toot.


Straight line, that way.


Okay. Then I'm going to cue Nott and at the same time I'm going to Inflict Wounds. 3rd-level. You can shoot them at the same time. One, two, three, go!


We need to wait before we light up.


Cloyne?


I see a gauntlet on a table, and I throw it at his face.


All right. "This contract binds the scribe and recipient into a deal--"


(triumphant humming) (laughter)


30 feet, I believe.


I really do. I have plans. (laughter)


Okay, and do we want to send Clarota and Kima off through a different staircase so we have at least a backup plan?


Because I don't know if the necrotic and the psychic are doing full damage to him, so I'm trying to break them up for you. I'm going to do that again.


Yes, Lady Kima.


We're excited to go. San Juan, baby. San Juan!


It was Nila? Nila.


Zahra. Kima.


That's a joke?


No, I think that's probably right.


Okay. I hate to say split the party, but what if we split the party? What if a few of you check out your fucking temple, and then the rest of us try to figure out a way to get up.


Is the propellant part of this piece right here? Or is it in that big piece right there?


Yeah, motherfucker! 24! Best rolls of my life!


Well, I stand up. What are those circles next to Trinket? What are those?


For a while.


We need that guard.


We can reason with it.


How about this? What about this? There's-- we're not the only cart on the road, right?


Yeah, I think they have one that's Elven Forest, that smells like a forest and they have one that's Sorcerer's Lair, that smells like sage and stuff. But yeah, Wheel of Flame is their Kickstarter. Go check them out, I know they have a limited amount of candles they can give out. Also, there's a d20 hidden in every candle, so when the wax melts, you get a d20!


If you would just keep us in mind.


That's what I choose to do.


I agree. Okay.


Sorry. One moment please.


Just ask him some questions before the fun begins. Let's see what he answers with.


But retrap, I mean?


Can I investigate that area?


Once the band is used, it can't be used again until the next dawn, like my dick.


There's no save for that, and then he takes a disturbingly sad nine points of damage, plus six points psychic damage. But he's ten feet back. We're all touching. I'm going to save the rest of my attack for anybody who tries to get in the way of this shit. If anybody interrupts us, I've got two more shots ready to go. Also burning a heal for fun, as well.


Well then. And I can't see Algar?


We got to get that last gnoll before he leaves the room.


It was a camp with bones all over the ground and floating music things. Dancing.


Yeah, that just hits.


Back unconscious!


He's in the next fucking room.


I can only cast cantrip at this point. I would have done that in the reverse order if I had been thinking about things. Well, what do I got? I got a-- oh!


I think he really fancies you.


Does he get a bonus to AC?


Man, sucks. Okay. That's fine.


See, he got the antlers.


Okay, it's going to get dark in here for a second, all right? But don't worry. I drop the globules and I cast Detect Magic.


I casually blow the hair out of my face and walk over to her and say, O mighty goddess, it was a challenging challenge, but I think you'll be pretty happy with the results. As I hold up the book, I'll cast Wrist Pocket and make it disappear. Oh god, oh it's gone! Just kidding. And it's back.


In general, I guess.


(chanting) Level three! Level three!


Is this the first time I've been fire elemental?


Okay, I like this plan.


Curses and luck, they go together. If you don't believe in luck, you can't believe in being cursed either.


Okay. I mean, (southern accent) Oh, all right. (whispering) Shit, I forgot to do the voice. How do you remember to do that all the time?


The seaweed?


It was Duncan!


Here, can one of us fly over and get it?


That's full dash?


Sorry. I should've done it when I was kissing him, but I was distracted by feeling him up.


All right, great.


Three creatures with Invisibility and three creatures with Fly.


Wow, that took a turn fast.


From three different creatures.


Who's got better eyes?


Misplaced connections.


Aren't we all?


And I beat the shit out of it with the dwarven hammer. Two hits.


Weirdly, I think I'm great.


You could read that other book, at the very least.


You were supposed to go find something, (singsong) but you got followed by demons.


Traditional Zadash breakfast.


I did say duty.


Oh, he has legs?


That's true, that's true.


Oh. So you killed something that was human-sized, then. Because we killed a dragon! A big white dragon.


I disagree. I think the next time they come to attack and kill us, it will be vacated.


We have to wait for the first wall to collapse, then we may run.


(grumbling) 14.


Nott, deal with this!


Before I whooped somebody's ass.


We were sent for.


I'm blasting off after her.


Wait, so why are you guys so against giving the Horn to Kima?


I'm going to beat face with my wooden swords, with my two attacks.


Just some simple reconnaissance. See if we can see Ren, maybe have a conversation with him. If he's not a total prick, I don't know, maybe he's got some of his dad's handwriting.


What happened to you?


That was a five.


I mean, he's big! Look at those feet! It's like clown feet! I bet he's a great swimmer.


Hold on, wait. Don't knock on anything. Things shock you here.


Me and Fjord will stand by in case anything else drops out of the ceiling.


Are you committing to this all night?


Would you like me to do that?


There's literally up-chuck going to happen. Just do it in a little thing and I'll feed it back to you like a little bird


Mr. Schuster, you look terrible! I yell very loud to see if anybody responds to the name.


I start moving up through the hallway. Nott-- ja, it's still me, I'm still invisible. You need to check that door. I don't know if it's trapped or--


You got a four?


We haven't done this in a while.


How's a dex bonus go for you? How's an advantage on dex, or do you already have--


I would like to take another 500 gold from the treasury before we do that. And I do.


I know. I really did miss the whispers. I hadn't even realized how much I missed them until today.


I don't know if my-- I don't know if Greater Restoration will work.


All right. I'll just rejoin the others.


Maybe get up at the top of it and then do this.


How old are you really?


Hey, you've got your hands full, all right?


Find our way out?


What about this door?


You're brave! Very brave!


I'm restless in all of my night's sleep as we get closer.


This other one?


Okay, fuck it.


To hewe? To the cwosswoads?


I'm going to, I rolled, I'm going to do a roll for the day, I think I rolled one for the day, and I'm going to go: Staht. Staht. And I'm going to, I rolled a 14 to try to teach it to sit. Staht.


Grog, I need your help!


Five days.


I'm going to go where she went. And further if I can.


I do. Yes. It was a good day.


Lucien sounds very, "I'm trying to find myself," by the way. Just throwing that out there.


Of course we are. Anyone want the node?


We're Ed Harris now.


Not right now (retch).


It's a quartet. It's a doo-wop group.


Fuck that. I yell anyway.


They're going by horse. They'll probably be there sooner rather than later, would be my guess.


We figured it out!


Can I say  Wait!


Really trying not to enjoy this.


This is very therapeutic.


His pec.


Fuck all of you! For a fucking second, just tell me.


Check for traps.


Yeah, certainly. I just have a preference with mine. I'm just real comfortable with it. You know when you get a feel for something, you don't want to change it up too much.


Short, short talk.


Wait, 40 or 20?


But I think we assume we're walking into trouble.


And ducks. Did he talk much more about his family to you?


Aw, buddy.


I think Slow is more beneficial than Invisibility.


Farmer. What's your name?


To fight Orentha, to kill her.


Motherfucker! Ten.


Doors and old people.


(laughs) Bye, Tiberius! (laughter)


This is Rat Queens.


Yes, I appreciate you making some time for me this evening. Turns out we might be traveling a little bit pretty soon. We're going to be making our way towards the Wayfarer's Cove. Your knowledge of areas outside of Zadash seems so extensive, what with the errands you sent us on. I was wondering, could you share with me any knowledge you might have about criminal underbellies, any competitors you might have in business that's not of an official nature in cities, particularly around Nicodranas, Port Damali, the Menagerie Coast. Is your reach that far?


Do your thing. Listen, Shadow of War comes out October 10th. A lot of us are in it.


Ow, that hurts my feelings.


I'm going to walk by with the slaves.


Caleb, do we want to stay? Are there things here that you need?


I'll bamf into myself. So, the way Shapechange works, is whatever I assume first-- we need to clarify this later, not now, 'cause it's like whatever you had before, is what you have. So do you just have 1 HP the whole time, based on whatever you changed into first?


(whispering) This is such a bad idea.


So we would know if she's going to help us? Or would she help us that moment?


(quietly) Come on, come on.


Actually, we should all go find Percy. We should all talk to Percy.


He's Mr. November.


There's a power that comes with you? What kind of power?


Can we fit our head in that jug?


And everyone else is going to start whaling.


Robin.


Is Gern completely out of the picture, have we lost sight of him?


The one in front of me is dead. I head to the next one. How far away?


It's a bunch of people waiting in line for the bathroom.


I know. I plan on coming back. I'm not done.


Go.


No, you're not. I will.


Above them, all the way up here. And I'm going to take a look around and see if anybody, anything's around, anything living that looks suspicious.


Pick them up. Keep running until the moment they can't.


I'm making the sound of people rummaging through--


In quite a while--


Nothing like this.


To a hot man.


Strapping!


All right, I'll go find Mom.


Let's start a pub crawl.


Taliesin, you don't have a d8?


I mean that column.


Take both. 750 was not the discounted price.


I mean, I guess, I don't know. I hadn't really thought about it.


Those of you on the boat--


I don't do anything for altruistic reasons.


We're going to get him back. Now.


Wildmount.


Also Scanlan.


Good job, Fjord!


We've been searching for a friend of ours, and it's been very complicated. She's got one eye. She's been around for quite a while.


Sure, I'll blacklight it.


How big is it? I know I'm looking at it, but what does it look like?


Caduceus, are you excited about these haunted stories?


I love you all so much. I love you so much.


Brass is not on it, okay. Then I'm going to spend the last 30 minutes before bed trying to slowly wedge the pearl out of the ring. I don't want the ring.


We have already dropped our disguises if they recognized us.


Will you be joining us here at the battle or providing support from afar?


What if he gets rusty?


A healing trip.


I'm going to hover.


We don't have a mirror here?


Grog, did you just say you want to protect the skull?


Can I do some sort of check to see if the Sun Tree is their spawning ground?


Chanel!


I kept track of which one was the hammer.


I think it's like a Windows PC. You can change the desktop settings.


I'll throw the illusion on the fake lands.


Would you like some water?


We will decide who goes in. I also want to discuss what exactly we are going to forge before we go in, because the plan that they laid out for us was not good.


26 on perception.


Misguided.


Can Scanlan mercilessly mock the top of the thing?


That's at least an 18. Oh, it's better than 18. It is 26.


No, it was his birthday and I bought him some very expensive custom armor that he-- you said he had it on, which is-- he obviously has feelings for me to wear that armor. It was 10,000 gold--


Good game, good game.


Thank god. It's been so long.


We can grant you power in items, but I don't want to speak for all of us, but I think all of us can speak a little bit to the fact that items don't grant you as much inner power as you expect them to.


You gonna finish that Coke?


Is there any image in the stained glass?


So which way-- is there a chain of people? I see a couple right there.


And I'm going to sip this mother.


Oh, no, we don't have light.


I was doing my rounds.


Okay. I look at my brother and say, can you get out of this?


They were red and black-- of course they were fucking dragons!


There are several options, I think.


Did you make that?


Just as a minor detail, as we're walking, almost like a magic trick, I wanna grab my cloak and yank it off Pike and wrap it up and put it into my pocket.


You have 375 grams?


Right, I spit on the ground, and yank my belt off and throw it at his head.


Oh, it is Shayne, I was right the first time!


You may not know the answer to this. I don't doubt your knowledge and wisdom, but I happen to have a ring with mind shielding, will that aid me in any way?


Ten rounds?!


Is there a ship shack, or something that would lease vessels?


39 stealth.


The tree, like, disappeared?


You didn't notice that, that's how unperceptive you are.


Callous.


I'm going to definitely butcher one of them and try to take some meat for myself, and for the crew.


Enemies.


Opal's back! 25.


I'm going to pull my magic shield, actually, I would have to have a 24 AC for that not to hit.


What about my circlet?


The sequel to Middle Earth  Shadow of Mordor.


At the orb? You're not going to stop this with an arrow. It's happened already. It's done.


(Bane voice) Your punishment will be more severe!


Gross. Just gross.


Wait, I thought we had the book.


Are people super clustered, or is she now clustered with them?


It's been longer. It was 6 or 7 hours when we were on that side of the thing.


Vax Dagons onto Keyleth's shoulder and watches all this through the window.


There was a guy that-- you know what? It's not important. Great job.


We do have hot cocoa.


(exhales) Oh, thank god. (high pitched) I like it when I hit them. (normal voice) That's 28 plus enlarge. Which I've been forgetting. 20.


Oh, you're from California.


I say in a low, guttural growl--


I would love to get some sleep.


Oh yeah, we're doing good.


Gilmore is a wonderful magician who owns a shop.


But yeah, that just came out a couple days ago.


Okay. (mock-sobbing) It was a one. (all laugh)


Okay. And that's a 27, minus five. 22.


What does all of it cost?


I'm up first. First, I would like to, if possible, try to extricate my hands from this. Is it possible?


Get him Percy!


But has she rolled yet?


Okay, I'm going to take my other off-hand attack on the one that just bit down on me. I'm going to rip from it and elbow crack it right in the nose.


No, nope, nope. New guy here, just a process question. I'm new to these sort of strategy "seshes" that you guys have. Is this how it always is, with people just throwing out random bad ideas constantly for, like, 15 minutes?


It's far more south than they've been previously.


Okay, well, let's do that. Let's take a look at them overnight.


No, no, they're just fine. That right there is Coral, and that's Stimpy, and that's Fatty Arbuckle.


We are most grateful.


We went right.


(whispers) Oh, bollocks.


Just splash acid all over it! (laughter)


No. No, it doesn't say that it's special. Why don't you plan a backup, just in case?


Thank you. I also communicate--


Sure. That sounds fun.


I go back and join the rest.


But she's flanking. She gets advantage on her attacks.


So you're trying to go after Thordak himself. That's your first target, Thordak?


Ahh! No!


Yes. The spiritual weapon's right here, on his face.


Yep. 17 to a three.


All right, I'll look for traps. I know it's my job.


I hope he's learning a lot of things.


Up early in the m-- Are we staying at the Pillow Trove?


Wait. Who's this?


Blow me into Bermuda.


Thank the gods.


But they're all attacking each other.


I'm fine!


Come on. Maybe we should check his room just in case.


If. We have to hope that she's actually going to fight with us. She's done it once. We don't know that she's going to do it again. We don't know.


Isn't it a girl?


I've only seen it hitting the water and it's just (explosion).


I don't think you want an explosive axe.


Little food bits fall out.


Can I use tracking and see if I can not only see where the majority of tracks lead to, but see if I can spot the halfling Kima's tracks.


A minute. I should probably stop doing that.


Flower girl!


Oh boy, he got kicked to shit today.


