It's all pornography. Just the entire library is like--


It's not even a Dungeons and Dragons book.


Even though he's retreating in Faerie Fire? That doesn't double it?


Oh, man, Pike! Look! Look who it is!


I am going to... move up, I guess. My full movement.


Oh, that's amazing. I'll just put my foot through his other knee.


It's pretty cool, huh?


Everyone, there's footsteps coming from ahead. Let Vex'ahlia and I scout ahead. Wait for a moment.


I'm great! I'm all right. Just going to sleep it off, I think.


The flames we see are between us.


And then I'll shoot some arrows at--


These don't look very good.


I'm so glad we can't see this.


Well, no. They helped me. I'm not an egomaniac. They fucking helped me.


Bit of a pain in the ass.


Guys, I think Shakäste makes us better people.


Does that apply to her, the Pass without a Trace?


I take a step and a half away from Cali.


Next time we visit the Dawnfather, wear some underwear. This floor is like a mirror.


No, I've never thrown anything in my life.


You can also get these by donating to the Obama campaign eight years ago. Just so you know.


Oh seriously, so like... no, no the guard is following us.


Are you sure you want to do this?


What's the damage on my rapier, again? Was it 1d10 plus--


I think they're taking care of the forces. We're taking care of the god.


Yes, that's awesome--


Okay, I go running down.


I grab the sword and I take it off of his-- away from him, off of his person.


Offensive!


Happy Thanksgiving!


I think we should go down.


I'll toss in a gold piece just to make it interesting.


And when those go out, you are back to human hit points.


They got the message.


Right. The carpet seems magical to me, I wouldn't think that something under the carpet is magical.


(makes high-five sound effect) Black Widow!


That was a little racist.


Roll damage, anyway?


Well, where we need to be, yeah. Out never came up.


Can I take a free action to be like  We just want to talk to you, damn it!


Was she invisible?


It's a 20-foot-long hoagie.


Wait, did you say four? He didn't say four.


Do you know what a mime is? You just mime this mission.


Damn. All right. Fuck you, RZA!


Unhittable bats.


Where can we find this site?


But Jarett's got him.


Well, that doesn't happen. Oh, actually-- I used that. Yeah, no. That doesn't hit. So I'll have to spend another--


I pick up the eight, and I say  You want those?


No, we'll call you.


Next attack with the same sword. Actually, I’m so sorry, that’s the wrong sword. That’s 18 points of damage because of the Summer’s Dance.


So he's thinking about it?


Yeah, I'm looking through the window of the house, the homestead, and I'm 100 feet away?


And Ripley, if she's not immune to it.


(shouting) Short fuses!


Sometimes I do things, and then I end up somewhere. I go where the wind blows.


There are three giant monsters.


You didn't even have time to ask that question.


If you lose your brain, you can't do it, so why not?


I'm not here.


A grick.


Sounds like half the clubs in LA.


Yeah, he's on the farm! He's running through the fields of the farm, happy as can be. All the room to run he wants! (laughs)


I've got a bead.


There. There, yeah, that'll do.


I'll be back in five minutes.


No bonus?


(weakly) I'll take it.


And I can store three spells in there, right?


If you just bring everything out really quickly, I'll cast Detect Magic on there.


Probably. Know what? I'm going to stay because I don't know what my fucking speed is because I'm panicking now.


He lives at the castle?


That's not a spell attack, is it?


Ten points of-- wait, what did I say? Nine? 12! Thank you.


You have him held?


Is that little shitty Mr. Missing One Hand?


Okay. How far away are they?


That's okay. Eight plus 14 is what? 32?


The hammer that he let go of.


Simple Sacred Flame?


Twice.


I don't know. About 45, 50 seconds.


Okay, I'm going to take out my sword, and I'm going to attack.


Can I touch it?


Oh, that's right, they have those pet basilisks. Remember?


What are the chances I would have at least a basic portable writing desk? They're not that complicated.


We're gonna try it again, except we're gonna watch this time. It'll be fun.


How's your tummy?


I walk over to the other side of the crowd and go: I got ten gold on the one with the bandages! Trying to whip up a betting frenzy.


It's probably out in the hallway.


I didn't really hit it that much, it was very unsatisfying. (All laugh.)


I did! I said the Shademirk Bog and the pond, the glade. I found the page in my notes and rambled all the names off very quickly in a panic.


I still got firecrackers. Just throwing it out there.


Please tell me it says "arcane" on the butt?


And now the Ettin just wants to crochet things with us.


Yeah, that was good. Well, we walk a fair distance away from the crownsguard and we see Caleb and little pallbearer.


I want to have an insight versus deception check on you.


I know. I'm sitting. I'm spinning my sword and talking in--


Thought about that.


This is where the offerings are made.


They're at the door? We left them at the door?


Get me out of here!


I'm gonna cast Bless on her.


Oh. So seven, plus performance plus one, eight, and then a d10.


It's just that-- it's fine. It's okay. I have to confess something to you. When you gave me that letter--


I did not have a--oh yeah. There is some sort of wards on the gates there. It's something I've done 100 times in small towns. I tried to disguise myself, and there was nothing there, they saw right through it, and they were dicks about it.


Well, I couldn't help but notice your body posture, for this whole party, has been rather tense. I don't know if you noticed, but I am a bit of a healer, and I'm from the Menagerie Coast, where I did a lot of mental healing, as well as body healing. If there's anything you need to relieve your stress, I'm very good at this. This is why I came here.


Hi, everyone. It's me, Sam Riegel. Tonight, we're pleased to be sponsored by Magic: the Gathering - Puzzle Quest, which you can find at bit.ly/magicrole. Guys, the hour of devastation is at hand in Magic: the Gathering - Puzzle Quest. Check out new card abilities like Eternalize and the latest Planeswalker to arrive: Elspeth, the Sun's champion! Not second or third place; the Sun's champion! Jump into daily live events where you can compete alongside your coalition for top placement or head over-- I don't know any of these words. (laughter)


Do it. Stab him.


Oh, you guys.


(sings) 25.


That's what it feels like, motherfucker.


Right, I'm sorry.


You're sucking his energy?


He assisted?


Can you Skywrite something like "attack tomorrow" or "hold"?


Reforestation. Oh, sure because the Ice Age wiped out--


We're in the Feywild.


It's just in case.


Fitz, I'm going to talk to my colleague here. If you move, Beau is going to take your head off. Don't. Move. (whispering) Okay, we got them right where we want them. Just fucking act like you don't like what I'm saying. Look agitated.


About 12.


Shit, just shit. Ten.


Did Pike come with us to send us off?


I'm going to follow that path of footsteps. I'm keeping an eye on them.


Take Cad, take Cad! I'm good!


And I say to the side, I go, (coughs) pinch my knee, is that the one?


Ah, that's not bad. I'll be fine.


While Twiggy does this, she sticks her tongue out the side of her mouth and one eye closed.


Maybe you were just in a really shitty tribe.


I'm not that giant, okay?


Okay. Nope. Oh wait, this is at disadvantage.


But we're also up high and the ravine is down low. That could make a difference.


Yeah, what she said.


Got to limber up first, stretch out the calves.


This is the bigger monster?


I'll pick a lock.


What's the discount?


Grog! Stop!


No, I tried to jam a piece of the magic glass. The jammy magic glass into it and-- I'm probably lucky that I was able to pull away as quickly as I did, because I think it eats everything around it.


I still have work to do outside the city. Ripley's still on the loose and knows far too much. And I feel more than a little responsible for her and what she may do. Honestly, Cassandra had a better upbringing than I did for this sort of work.


Your ranged attack bonus? 11.


They're so nice and-- maybe just put them on display! Maybe put them in a really pretty glass case.


(crying) It's not working! I don't know what's going on! I'm going to use my bonus action--


Must be nice.


She's possibly still falling, it could be a really deep hole.


No, Sabian was someone I grew up with who was also brought by Vandren to work on the ship. Yeah, I've known him for many, many years, and he's always been a piece of shit of one variety or another. Only in the most recent years did I think that maybe that stuff had faded between us, and we'd found a way to work together. But apparently not.


Yeah, I'll hold it with my Mage Hand.


Your people, Keyleth.


Like what? Maybe we do.


But we can't kill all of them at the same time. It's got to be a one-by-one process.


Burn. Sick burn.


I will go and try to wrestle the--


He's got a point. You've got a point.


Skype high-five!


I suppose it's our good luck, then.


His hat of disguise. Percy knows this town. Perhaps Percy should wear the hat.


And watching. So it's snakes versus lizards, right?


Then, I'm gonna try to Bramble Shot that motherfucker.


I think we did do what we were supposed to do.


I only used one.


Okay. I love you.


You seem real excited to hurt your own kind.


Well then I'll go behind the big tree. There, yeah. Totally hidden!


This is comfort food in Whitestone.


Yeah! Okay!


Would the dragon notice if any of these bodies were disturbed?


J'mon, I'm coming with you. These people have lost their fucking minds.


Is Gilmore still in town?


Arrested and thrown in jail for--


Can we do something to slow her down?


It could be Raishan taking the form of a human again, for all we know.


You don't look like a Julia.


15 feet out?


That's a one.


Oh. (clears throat)


Garmelie's helping!


Oh. I really want all those things--


I ignore and I keep cutting.


You already did it?


Ma'am. Here. I'm giving you a magical whip. It will protect you against anyone who comes down here. Just hold it up and it will chase away any demons.


That's you, Pike.


What? Play?


On people. On magic users.


Yeah, that's much better. Nine.


Tell us again. Sorry, explain it again.


What am I after? Well I'd like to see-- I keep saying Avan-teek-a, but it's--


They do have milk. I've had it before.


He said, "I am born of his blood." What blood?


I think it's gonna be noisy, it's not a stealthy attack.


What are we doing? We're level three! What are we doing? We got to go in, we got to throw some dynamite, get the people out, and run!


I'll talk to him later.


How low is everybody?


You really should just chain up with me and I'll get us there super quick.


Oh jeez. You know what, I tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to run over right next to Keyleth.


And I kind of want to--


I cast Thaumaturgy! (quacks)


Really? They fought hard? We're going to kill more now?


(laughing) Take 20.


Almost! Almost! Klossowski de Rolo the third!


Fuck, there is so little I can do. I'm going to move forward a bit, I'm going to move close enough that I can-- I'm just going to keep trying to-- Put me next to Caleb.


We're making progress! You can respond to this message.


That's better! 27!


Off of him.


I don't. That's not the feat that I took. I took read lips. I'm really good in populated areas.


I guess it took me a moment to find signal. Okay. All right. We're good.


And thumbs? Or--? (laughter)


Does it look like a trap door to me?


Well, can I see who was attacked first? Does it look like Kima was attacked, or she--


You can go ahead and just say.


The guy who messed with us for three days?


(yells) Oh god, we're on pirate island!


Yeah. I'd button it up.


Quannah Breach. There it is. We're very close to Berleben and then it seems like quite a--


Which way do we go?


That's really fast, though.


We wanted to make sure that they were aware that all of the dragons had been dealt with, and that the Conclave had been completely vanquished.


Okay, wait, got to look at my spell.


Yeah! She ran back! Totally!


So can we make the door? Wilhand's starting to turn green.


No, he was with me, he was with me.


Yeah, it's a very small amount.


-- questionably bad movies.


Good show, guys.


That is a ten and I'm going to pump him full of poison. He has to make a DC check on 15.


It might work, we can try to fit it.


Does it look cool?


I move within 60 feet of those big fellows.


Yeah, aye.


I did my first attack, it was a 26, and so was the second one, both with Great Weapon Master.


Who in this world is without fault? Who hasn't made mistakes? We certainly all have.


Should I roll to figure out that this is probably an active volcano?


Is there a bar?


I love how many book titles you have.


I -- Detect Magic on it? Is it--


I have transmutation and enchantment.


No. I'm resistant to radiant.


Don't say things like that out loud.


They've put him on some sort of stretcher thing.


I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb.


20 points, including three points of necrotic. 20 total.


This is the mark of the Broker.


Circle? Flank? All together? Which one?


Let the scouts scout.


You're not wrong, generally, yeah.


I'm going for that pouch.


Other half of our party members were taken from us in the middle of the night, just last night. Seems very similar ways, considering neither of the rest of us heard anything.


You guys get her set up.


Have you heard of The Traveler, Gallan?


45?!


Oh yeah, 19!


Mostly success at this point?


Yes, you did. Every time I saw you were wearing it.


Oh man. Dig your fingers into it.


More 20s!


Who you saved. Wuss.


Oh! That's awesome; Jon's awesome. Go check his stuff out.


Yeah, at me?


Could've been.


Yeah, stay dead, stay dead.


I don't think we'll evaporate.


Do you need that? Yeah, okay.


Great! I think I'm going to then try to attack him.


I turn to Shakäste and I say  Are you a motivational speaker or something?


I wonder what I said.


Girls are going to look for stairs, the boys are going in the stupid temple.


I'll get a tattoo.


Grog's upstairs.


High-five. That was so awkward.


I've totally cast Daylight on an object before.


Separation anxiety is a real thing.


Alignment shift.


You kicked his cat until it burst!


Like, completely cave it in?


Fine. And I go in my room and I sit down on the opposite side of the room.


I'm going to use this die, because it's been--


How's my intestines?


Oh, I was going to hand him the same one!


Tales from the Borderlands?


You guys have 826 chapters all over the country, correct?


Hey, Jester. Before you go. Tiefling to tiefling, and thank you for keeping this rabble in check.


We've both got stuff on top of us to make us look like--


Regular. Can I get all the way to the guy who's right in front of me on the map along the side of the crater, or is that not enough for 50?


But it's better if it's one big piece, as opposed to a bunch of tiny little pieces.


That's true, were there-- You said there were buildings around?


He was very nice.


(counting) 40. I'm sorry. What was that last one? Shit. 35.


That's okay, we'll just run.


Possibly a probing question would remind some things. I'm trying to remember. It was a bit daunting.


So thirsty.


That's amazing! Hey, Scanlan, you should have done that before. That would have been really cool.


You left out the -regard part! And you mispronounced your name "Ford" when we all know it's Fjord!


Bonus action dash. Well, you know what? I'm going to stay within 30 feet of the priest.


And it turns out that it was just a fucking lame-ass pirate. Fuck that, we don't want to be indebted to some shithead pirate.


So I'll put my spells in my back pocket for now.


Number two?


So she's going to stay here. I can't reach that far, but. Oh, shit, sorry.


He looks really sick!


Pink energy.


Usually, they are.


I insist. It's literally nothing to me. (all laugh)


No, don't leave me!


Sometimes.


Come close. Oh, too close! A little too close. (laughter)


Heroes' Feast!


No, wait. I'm going to be a long snapper in football and turn around. (laughter)


That is a bold, scaredy-cat move.


Clang-clang-clang.


Oh, gods. We're going to go talk to him tonight? We need to sleep!


And he's going to go ahead and do a Whirlwind. The creatures in his space have to make a DC 13 strength saving throw.


Yeah, dry up the water!


Hi. I'm just Pam.


Would you like to talk to this one?


They're starving.


I mean, she's a really good baker. But maybe JB can handle the books, and she can handle the baking.


Not going to lie, it looks pretty cool.


Is there anything else you can tell me in regards to back doors or secrets that your bosses don't want us to know? I mean, really, this is the time to talk, right now.


Does it poop?


Avenge us!


Well, I mean, yes, but that is honestly like saying 'a man with brown hair of average height' when it comes to these sorts of creatures. It could be anything. It's kind of the effect they go for.


Oh, so I'm going in to the belly of the beast? Sure. I'll disguise myself! I'll be just like Fjord. They'll think it's Fjord down there!


Me and you take the head, maybe we can--


(sarcastically) Are you sure?


Instant headache.


My mask doesn't give me any advantage, does it?


Better. What do I add?


I fly back over to them, still in fire elemental form--


Diagonally up. I'll fly by my sister, how's that?


Nope, just a wandering traveler just like the rest of y'all.


Shayne, is that Shayne?


12, you said?


All the way, baby.


Yasha can fall asleep.


I'm sorry, guys. Okay, 19.


Yeah, we're rowing backwards.


(softly) Oh, shit.


Since the little ones got away, do we want to turn this into a walk-and-talk?


Is he blind?


Oh, didn't we get some items as well?


Nine potions then.


Oh, people will pay for all sorts of weird things.


See you guys in a half hour.


What are you looking for?


Just throw in a few more! (cheering)


So we have to hold this motherfucker down for a round?


Oh, damage, crap.


Does anyone not want to be a bat for any particular reason?


I have to set it off personally. I actually have to shoot it to set it off.


Wow, maybe the hag can just move her hut magically whenever she wants. Do you think that's possible?


I feel like we're just delaying starting because we're going to have to face that fact that Pike isn't with us as soon as we start.


Hey, man. Grog's being held prisoner by an 80-pound dude.


Tary. Come here.


No, no, no. I'm a goblin.


He takes 8d8 damage, and if he saves, he takes half the damage.


I check under my belt because the spell has worn off. And I'm back down to my normal one and a half inches. Which on a gnome is pretty big.


Hey, one down! Do I sense another one with my Locate Object spell?


All right, first mate.


I run up. There's a bookie here?


We're going to run.


That's really weird.


About a half inch in diameter, would you call it?


She turns into a giant rock monster.


I mean, you roomed with him the most.


I'm going to do-- Would I have gotten enough engineering information about it to actually have a good sense on whether or not three to five tons would actually do anything at this point?


Yeah, but then it'll be in Whitestone.


I clutch onto Vax's armor.


He still feels bad, keep looking!


That's pretty freaky, too.


I tried it last time, maybe I'll try again this time.


It sickens me. (laughter)


No, Taryon's on the floor, weeping, holding his necklace.


You can have five of them.


I'm sorry, did we get any horses? Just enough to fit us all on, condensed, right.


I could've sworn it was right here, you guys. I don't know what's with all these rocks.


So you did that to us!


When you think he's dead, but he's not, and he comes back?


I'm going to tie her up, you're going to pull her up first, and then throw it down and get me.


It needs to be. There's land.


We're all-- Yeah.


A log, about two feet thick.


Hey, buddy. Look at this kitty! I think he likes me.


I very quickly go through Scanlan's pockets to make sure there's nothing else that I need to take back from him.


It's not staying on?


There's nothing I can do to it.


Some of them. All right, that was my question. Thank you for your answer. Thank you.


Can I look for goblin tracks down here and follow those?


Well, you know, vacationing.


So here's my thoughts.


(singing) Whoo!


I'll follow Fjord.


We thought we did, we were not paying attention.


Oh no, I can't do anything. You won't be able to dodge it.


Was that the Crucible I was in?


Is she hitting the trapdoor?


Not in the walls, but very close to them.


It could be like a venus flytrap.


They only printed three.


I rolled a one. Because it is what I do.


Seven points of Eldritch Blast. Ten. So 17 total.


And then after that, I got to a cavern of blue crystal.


Are we there? We're not there.


You don't have to talk to me about everything, but if you want to... if you want to. Should you need me.


But Trinket can get on the carpet.


Yeah, don't we have that neverending rope? Let's do it like 200 times around.


Sorry. I hope I'm not interrupting.


It vibrates through the water.


I grab Caleb, drag him aside, hand Cali the bowl, drag Caleb over to a private corner, and I say, look. We all have our fucking trauma. You understand that? We all have our fucking garbage, and our dirt, and our shit. But you don't get to use your skeletons in your closet, your PTSD, to be shitty and control other people and what they want. It does not make you the authority on what's right and what's wrong. Just because you think that you're a shitty person, guess what? We're all fucking shitty people.


Keyleth, did that hurt? Did it hurt?


Okay, we stealth away.


(owl hooting)


Up to this point, it's been rare that I or we've come across anything?


You fed me a superior?


Not parkouring, not parkouring through the treetops.


Breasts, or breaths?


And then that is also 14, so just one of them hits.


I think he was fine with it. He just understands that I just--


I'll admit, I'm a little tired.


Who wore it best?


Because I hit it with my thing, do I no longer have a reaction?


Okay, okay, okay. West coast.


It would be very us.


No, no that was personal.


I go to bed.


We're gonna give that thing some maylox. (proot fart sound)


All right. Fine. Do what you want with it. I don't need it.


Yeah, we go together.


Hop on Vax's back.


It's got the logo on the back too.


It is a 1?


Get down into frame! Lower into frame. Pull them down.


That's awful. That's amazing. I've never seen anything like it.


Three large beasts of burden. Wait, we could use them to pull the cart!


Get ten gold worth of incense?


Persuasion, you said? 20.


Yeah, yeah. It was great. It was great. And he made dragon armor.


It's a crit within five feet?


I'm a hot mess and I like it!


Serissa, the priestess who found me, she was nice to me, but she would torture and kill people in her name.


But we're not at the top of the round, right? We're still mid-round, correct?


Grog, you better be throwing bitches into that lava.


I'm slowly making my way a little closer to the action, but I'm going to find a place where I can watch both sides of the road and also what's happening off the road right now.


It's all right. I've had worse.


In your ethereal idea, do you leave your physical body and your stuff?


Is next week the one that they're off, though?


My spell attack bonus, plus eight?


I know. Luckily, one of our crew members is smart enough, and he deciphered the whole thing. In there you'll find everything you need to know about the coup that Avantika has been planning. Whispers about wanting to rule the sea. She has been worshipping an outer-worldly being called Uk'otoa, left over from the Betrayer Gods.


I don't know but we'll wait until we get to Ashley to find out how things are going with our dating. Otherwise, in my free time, I would love to use my time to write down the epic stories of Vox Machina, from our meeting to saving the world and everything in between. It will be difficult as Scanlan is not an author, but he will rely on guidance from Ioun herself and may even ask Sprigg to be a copy-editor of sorts. The working title is "In the Belly of Dragons: The Legend of Scanlan Shorthalt and Vox Machina". Working title.


Your origin story?


We have two carpets.


Well, I am.


We'll get you some of that-- we'll get you some of that blood. Blood! Basilisk blood!


Oh! But wait! Turn back into-- wait--


It worked! (cackles)


I would just like to suggest we might give way. There are six of them.


-- Pike is another concern. I would feel far more comfortable making sure that she is definitely on board for this.


I'm pretty sure he's missed you twice. You're going to get targeted. He made me vanish in one turn.


(laughs) Oh, tomorrow, you mean?


Same shot. Ugh. That's a three, so that means I--


She becomes leader of the Ashari and dies as soon as she gets to hell.


Is there writing or anything fancy on the pillar?


Look, Trinket! Home.


We can use a little Dust of Tracelessness or something?


How deep is the cave-in?


I was going to call you Poobah, but then I wanted to say your real name.


That was a dragon. I don't even know what any of it meant.


Yeah, whip it out and shove it in his hand.


It's all weird.


Poisonous troll hearts!


Beau got a big ol' butt.


Yeah, she's a prickly pear, but she's not a bad person.


(squawks)


I'm sure he knows we're around.


I say  Don't worry about it! Don't worry! Again, this hand comes off of my own hand. I flick it, and it flies off and it comes and picks up the paintbrush. I lean over the side, and it goes down and starts to change your title for you, without having to risk his life.


There's a woman. It looked like it was really nice, and then there was this really cute tea set, and then this crazy hand came out.


I mean, we don't have a body bag for some of these chumps.


Okay, now I'm going to drop to my knees and cast Locate Creature.


Eight. Against mind flayers. We're fucking fighting brains and mind flayers again.


After Dark, yeah, flying toasters.


I Hunter's Mark him.


Lucky and smart.


Well. I will cast Invisibility on myself.


Yeah, it's a weirdo roll.


Yeah! Do it! Whatever that is!


I mean, I can go see my mom alone if you guys want to--


Ashley's first two rolls were 20s.


(whispering) Aldor.


Sleep calls to us as well, sir.


A common occurrence.


All right. I'll try to unlock the next one. That's not as good. 12.


That's why I called you over, man.


All right. Always a good time to get better, I guess.


Yes. Aye!


We're going to investigate a house.


Could I go into a frenzied rage?


It still can hold us.


We gotta keep moving. I pull out another corked potion and slap it into Percy's hand.


Huh. Okay.


It's more than that.


Oh, 3d10? Oh.


Well, whoever-- everybody hears this. Come closer. Yeah, so--


Don't make comments after he just was kind to us.


Just like your name, Simon  two.


Grog. Yeah.


If I've held my action until he does something and he never does it, do I ever get to go?


Can you electrify the water and fry the guy?


I'll spend some time with you, as well, JB. I just want to make sure I get time with everybody.


11. Which is seven. Or eight. Rage bonus is eight.


There's like ash all over the place now. Sorry about that.


Does it look shady in there? I mean, are there people in there?


She is... It's complicated, but right now, she is the Meat Man. She is back in Ank'harel, taking on the business while I'm off here.


Ah yes, we have wonderful allies!


"And I'm sorry."


Can I just say that we agree that the reason we didn't do what Zanror wanted and go to the lair is because it's a fucking death trap?


Nice work.


Did you want to say something?


Now I have one level of exhaustion, right?


Professor!


That's why you detected him, because he's a fiend.


Question. You built a bomb before.


Do I see any trace of him?


I think it's got a range.


Listen, what we're going to ask for is that you be as forthcoming as you possibly can be. Would you mind walking over to the side of the ship there, and tell me how far Nicodranas looks right now?


(singing) Don't call it a comeback!


Wow, okay. Beau's up first. Are we just going to go for these guys? We're not going to do some sort of distraction?


Can she become not a mouse?


Ooh, it does?


Yeah, do we know how close Draconia is?


Yeah, we got to take him out, yeah.


Only you!


Let's wake her up!


Me? I just met this man. I've never seen him before in my life.


A red blur goes (zooming sound) and I am standing next to Beauregard on the boat.


I'm not far ahead, but I'm ahead. I'm like 30 yards ahead.


And this is for you, Ashley.


Yeah, there.


Just after noon.


Don't do it again. Not in combat.


Which one is he?


Bigger?


It was sad.


Did we see him?


I bring many gifts.


Oh! How much money did you have?


Shit, I don't like this. Balls. I'm going to cast-- no, I don't know where it is at all.


I mean, we're all really deep, thought out characters.


All right, but how on earth are we-- all right. We can cool it with the cons for a couple of days. But I can't promise that I won't get the itch again.


Box-box.


Glass bottom boat!


As I get Tary out. We're going to be fine, this is going to be fine.


I just have such a hard time taking you seriously right now. I'm so sorry.


It is called Common for a reason.


I was looking around this area earlier for a candy shop and I couldn't find anything that seemed good. I was wondering if you could point me in the best direction.


No, dammit.


Yeah, we know that month.


Prosperity on your family.


Caleb, wait for--! Oh, okay. Bye.


He's creeping on my sister, fuck him.


I think we can beat them all.


I'm very proud I came up with an idea.


Always go in the backdoor.


I think Caleb has it, actually, yeah.


Honestly, you could make a lot of money setting up a shop somewhere and selling tea.


86.


She's a wretched peasant so I can not.


I think we need a name for the thing.


Yeah, nice job.


For the boatman.


I wish you the best of luck.


Let's get going.


I don't know, couldn't the name of this boat be on a ledger or something somewhere?


It's night. We can't travel at night.


We carry her out to the cart.


Because we were missing Sam.


Yeah, I should be able to see just over or under Nila's legs or something, that one last asshole?


I might take that.


I'll grab onto those.


A bird.


We can't change the boat's appearance.


Oh god. Am I on the ground again? Did you put me down?


Would you be ever so kind? I would be very grateful.


I start hiking back towards Grog.


Oh, thank you, Scanlan.


I don't know how to react to any of this.


It's a cut.


You saw what his face did, didn't you? Tooma, we are about to unsheathe and reveal a great fortune, of which we have very little interest because honestly it weighs us down. We're, like, plenty loaded already. However, it is a tradition to take little bits here and there as keepsakes.


Of course. And you may not have heard, but our resident bard has left us. Possibly for the time being, possibly for more. So you won't be seeing his face around here.


How long has it been for you?


Okay. I take half, put half back in the censer, and give half to Percy. Does anybody else want some? Actually, should we dab ourselves with it? No, is that weird?


Potatoes!


Well, we don't want to give her 5,000 gold. We want your dad to have to give her 5,000 gold.


So Tree Stride probably wouldn't work on these guys. I'm wondering if I should waste my time.


Just before we rest, does anyone have knowledge of his race and his species? Any of his weaknesses or strengths? Can I do a history check?


I rolled a fucking one!


We don't know if it's seawater, though, right? It could be like saline.


And then I walk over to Vax and I lay it at his feet. I kind of nudge it with my nose.


I have one more of these if anyone else needs healing.


Which means he gets advantage on everything against me, but fuck it, he's hitting anyway. Oh, 19, so close. 28.


Right, so I shot it into the orb. And I saw through it.


I'm going to run up behind  Caleb, have you run Detect Magic on any of this?


Uh-oh, sorry, Jeffrey. He's not gonna like using that sword, but it looks like it's coming.


Should we roll initiative?


I'm a science man!


Gotcha.


You were bootlegging your old man's hooch?


Oh, then never mind.


We won!


Oh, I'm sure he'll win.


All I'm saying is--


Yours was hand-crafted.


Not in his face?


We're disguised and we're walking straight up.


Oh, sorry. I will pick up my flute and I will sing: (singing) You like it when my flute goes, baby make your booty glow, Scanlan know you want to show my song, song, song, song, song.


Trinket jumps up on the bed and snuggles in with him.


You're on me? And you're on carpet, and you're on broom?


Do we want to deal with these people or get around them?


Not yet. I should. Yeah, I'll wander into an alley.


First two unarmed. That first one is an 18, being a 25. Second one's an eight, being a 15.


So any time you're unsure it's going to make other people even more unsure, with a layer of suspicion. It's like a tiramisu of confusion.


Oh, pal.


I guess not. Do you drink liquor, Kiri?


Short rest right now so Keyleth can go into the muck.


It's a real small tunnel. I'm not looking to Shawshank my way down that thing.


I'll hoof it over there and just look around and punch myself in the gut, (belch).


You don't want to get a little healing first in case there are fucking hyenas outside or some shit?


I don't know. Don't I have something? I should know my shit!


Fuck this!


We're here on a few days' business and we were hoping to find a friendly place to rest our heads on occasion, maybe take in a meal of something not necessarily--


Second chances are a gift. I pray you don't squander it.


Let us be off, then.


Even one with that fucking wall she had last time, we're fucked.


Okay. I have a 50-foot Wind Wall that I can shape whichever way I want?


I join Molly.


She bets for all of us.


Brewery tour!


My Scanlan-sense is tingling!


And he's in Emon, potentially?


Oh, he actually made it upstairs?


I mean, I don't know, maybe it was really sacred to him and he would be really super offended by it.


Grog says yes.


(singing) The space between.


I take the dagger and make a happy face of fire.


Looks like she's been tended to like a proper de Rolo.


We just pushed the giant rotting head out of it and left it on the street.


Oh yeah! Let's walk through that asshole. That sounds worse for us. But fuck it.


Yep. (grunts) Yeah, that's-- Oh, that's heavy.


Okay. So I seal that one-- I'm going to use all three right now.


Yeah, I think that's advantage. I begged for advantage on that one.


If I'm towards the front, I'm moving everyone towards the house where we made the tunnel that goes underneath the Sun Tree.


Hey, listen. I know that we haven't seen each other in a while, and we left on weird terms. And everything that's happened between us. But I want you to know that I held no ill will towards you, and I thank you for agreeing to my request, a while ago, to look after Kaylie if I should fall. And I'm glad it didn't come to that, but it's an honor to know that you would have even considered it.


Did we previously see what the flag they were flying was and what it looked like? I can't remember.


Did you steal them from me when I wasn't noticing? Because if you did I would have perceived it.


Pike, do you want to look at it further?


I'm choosing my dice. Okay, okay, okay. I get advantage on all stealth checks?


That's, yeah.


No?! It's not saying anything?!


I did, darling.


Sarenrae.


Pull?


You just put expectations in his head!


1d4 plus four... 1d6 lightning damage per charge expended.


Whoa. Marisha, look! It's your husband.


Nah, no, I won't.


Too soon! Inside is a scrolled parchment, a wooden bracelet, and a metal circlet. (water bottle falls off the table loudly)


More than normal? Oh, no, you don't look different.


I want everybody--


(sighs) Might have to Tony Robbins this shit, right?


Misty!


Are you keeping track of what goes with what person? Because it's a lot.


There's officially 30 sets left, according to--


Grog, what do you think?


No, it's all right. I know they're expensive. And we've already taken enough advantage.


She's asking for somebody else, I'm pretty sure she wasn't asking for her.


This got put in the dishwasher, and the leather got cooler after it got put in the dishwasher.


My second attack.


It makes more sense.


Isn't that dope?


Oh, buddy!


First attack with Pepperbox is 13?


Yeah, okay. Okay. I'm going to change Frumpkin again, out of peregrine into an owl. I will mark that off on my supplies. I've got one more after this that I can do.


Thank you. Vanessa... Shitmaster...


(Elmo voice) Everybody's going to die!


Just hold on, octopus-head.


You can do that? So sexy.


Commotion?


I'll use Thaumaturgy to create the sound of a rushing group of us, but throw it-- happening, I'm going to move us off into the jungle in the other direction. "You can create instantaneous sound that originates from a point of your choice within range--" This is a rumble, within 30 feet, a rumble of thunder--


No, it's all you.


Merchandise.


Yeah, it’d be obvious.


Yeah, Clarota!


Shall we go get our money now?


Wait. Are we trapped in here because we were deceitful to these wolf-men, or because the pixies are trapping everybody?


They don't have to be giant caverns. It's just a little nook. A little foxhole.


Scanlan's gone, man. Scanlan's gone.


Nope. I mean 15, it's decent.


(gasps) I know about that! That's where Fjord wants to go. Are we writing this for Fjord?


Do you want it?


It goes down in the next--


I do, but it's weak. I'll use my last bonus action to stab again. With Whisper. 28. To hit.


I just ate dirt.


How does Caleb feel about all this?


It might run out, who knows. I'm not an optimist, but think there's still more to be had.


Maybe. I can find out, though, if I hit twice in a row. If there are any stats that are beneficial to any of your guys' abilities, let me know. If you want to know, if you want to take the risk.


I'm on top of the gloomstalker.


Wha--?


Okay, so I'm gonna use three on him.


How long was that for?


I don't know, the idea just popped up. I'm looking for your help and shit.


Ja. I've made mistakes in my life. I've harmed people. Not in a long time. You know, I thought I was going to be something, someday, a long time ago, and now I don't. Oh, god. Ask me again in a couple of days. I will prepare an answer that is better than this for you, I promise.


Yeah, but Grog does bring up a point that I was trying to make before he started laughing when I said "duty." (giggles) But what, are you committed to keeping your family around? You said you were compelled and you felt like you had a duty but then you immediately started talking about--


I wanna do a-- no, outside. Dirt. I want dirt under me.


Where could you not talk your way into, Scanlan Shorthalt?


But how far?


Oh, look at that fucking miniature!


It is a big group of us, yeah? Is there enough people left over to do the last watch?


Hey, that's good. 28?


You witnessed it!


I'm sure if Laura were here, she would say there are still many Nott the Best Detective Agency T-shirts in the store. Are there? I don't know.


Is that what's happening?


We're also committing that this is where the mansion is going to live for the night? Is this a good spot for it?


Damn, that's impressive.


I kind of agree with that.


I make myself look real big. Put my staff out.


Kevdak or Pike?


Okay, that's 2d6 for a damage of seven.


Oh, where we are?


Yes, he goes by the name of Kashaw. He was a rather interesting fellow. And a surly dwarf, of course.


And it's like, fwang!


Oh, you didn't get to see where we found this guy. It was definitely a cemetery. He was living in the middle of a cemetery.


Oh, wow. This one is very, very rolly. What did you get for initiative, Ashley?


No, I didn't. No.


Can we go over and knock?


I go to knock.


He just sort of found us outside. And he had, honestly--


Bats disengage.


Ach! Where are Jock Tamson's bairns? It's quality! I'm pure scunnered. (regular voice) I looked these words up! They're real.


And he's doing that, unfortunately.


A Kingly Rest. All right.


(clapping) Go, Pike! Go, Pike! Go, Pike!


So, is that-- I was just saying, if we get another chant going--


22. Just to make sure that it's not trapped or locked.


I'll take it, and goodbye, Cabal. I'll gain more when he hits me with some magic shit.


And me?


Aren't there a bunch of zombie stone giants walking around?


It was fire. It's a figure of fucking speech.


(horrified yelling)


(shouting) Light them up! Load them up! Put the charges at the ready!


Yeah, okay then. That solves it.


We're invisible and the broom is invisible?


(whispering) Because he's balls deep right now. (laughter)


What holes?


Do I see any-- are there any bats?


What are we going to do right now?


You're tearing this family apart!


I'm going to hold my action in case he comes within fighting distance.


May I see that one more time?


You have a compass, don't you? And I'm going to hand it back to him.


Are those traps would set them off?


I'll hold onto it.


What if we went up above ground and went into the second floor? So we're not underground.


Literally can't tell what that is.


We have to cut it down?


Oh, Trinket, that's not a tree. That's a robot.


Can I try to shake off the attack?


A clutch of objects.


Is this a charm?


And then you lost one of them.


Travis, you have your fate, too.


Oh you mean, I'm going to get the gold?!


Let's try it.


Okay, yeah, this is going to go so well. Hold up. 20?


You are blue.


But these are zombies, these are undead, these are creatures of evil!


All right, 44.


Does it look like campfire smoke?


I'm going to say, (shouting) Help me! I'm going to die, I'm going to die!


I take out Craven Edge. And I put it, unsheathed, next to my foot.


And I would never insult your honor or preferences of any kind.


How's the Sky bar?


I'm going to take a shot-- Basically take a Targeted head shot at him.


I will take that cape.


Yeah, fly over the acid pit.


It is a faction of monks.


Natural 20 again!


Let's get a round, shall we?


Yeah, we know Keeper Yennen.


All right, that'll do. The problem is the fucker behind you.


The two dozen teeth, are there any of the tusk variety?


Let's just go over there, do a little recon, and then we'll make up our minds.


Everyone get out right now.


Oh, it's not?


We are sponsored.


I'm sorry, my lady. Did you know that Uriel planned to step down?


Sniff nuts.


Playing the long game, I like it.


Do we get the surprise at all?


Caleb, you've mentioned you tried to get into the Tri-Spires and you had a disguise on, and it didn't--


I do hate to pry, but how long ago did your wife pass?


Well, the guy. The guy running the ceremony said that the hunger will be fed, "ours and hers," right? I mean, that's what he said, right, DM? I didn't mishear that?


What's the scale. Are we talking Manhattan and Brooklyn? Or smaller than that?


You got a one, as well?


But we have to be able to get out of it.


(singing) I came in like a Fireball!


Just keeping watch.


Well, also if you go to the website, then you can see the blurbs that we wrote about each of the songs and the explanations about why we chose them.


Okay, I cast fifth-level Control Winds. I'm going to do just a solid gust behind us for a good hour.


Yeah. Never know a place until you lick the mud.


Oh, it's for both of you guys? Oh, I thought it was 120 each!


Go with what your body tells you to do. How are you going to take off your armor?


If he wants to come.


Faces of death.


So should we fly up to that window?


Biceps and triceps.


He wants to know where.


I can't look away.


So she could just double-cast.


Don't you have a healing potion left?


I did. Solid.


Oh, when he started hoarding all the gold?


I could have made that shot.


200 gold on Grog. Somebody in the crowd.


Yeah, he needs the full Magneto.


I don't know. Right?


What time is it about, in the sky parts?


I will relay that there is a doorway down near the bottom, but something poked its pretty head out.


On the way back?


"It's in the page in front of your blue divider."


That's a lot of money!


I'm so tired!


You want to move?


So when three pieces go together the part that goes towards the wall--


Using my boots. 'Cause my boots are already active.


I tell Frumpkin to yowl between their legs.


Do what? You have to be more specific.


Say what?! So, is it lightning damage or is it--


Your Anarchist's Cookbook.


If you do, and he slaughters everybody, and subjugates the entire world--


It does? Oh my god, thank you. 1d8, because I didn't say two-handed. That's 12 points of damage, plus because it's a monstrosity?


We'll be less conspicuous.


Are the prints going both directions, or is there a majority going one or the other?


I'm almost dead already.


Wasn't there a guy with a red beard we were supposed to go see?


(breathing hard) I'm good.


I want to go to the store. I would like to get a shovel and a pickaxe.


Scanlan! Oh Scanlan! Your painting! Your painting is not accurate, Scanlan!


Only matters what we do next, right?


He's all by his lonesome!


Wow. Thank you, Taryon.


Add any sort of shiny finish to it or some extra flair or baubles to it, that would be fine.


Was it 1,000 feet? Yeah, all right.


Maybe he'll see Dashilla.


Yeah. Taste some new ale!


He's across an 80-foot room! I'm not going to shout down here. There's a big heavy thing.


Where did you hide?


Oh no - well, it's a wave of thunderous force, but it doesn't say sound. It just says thunderous force.


My stick! Mine! Drop it! Bad! Do you want to play or not?


Maybe there's some oil flecks on him.


But when?


There are also some, I believe some duergar we didn't tell you--


No, feeling better.


I like her.


When they leave, I’m going to take the big item and put it on my person. I’m going to hold it, actually.


Man, this staff is so powerful.


What about a person?


Yeah, they don't. Never mind, she uses it to alter the appearance of her eyes for one minute. (laughter)


Yeah, good for me.


This is the point. Take him all the way up.


Cheese!


I'll go after Nott.


Keeping her close to my heart.


I believe I do. Tasha's Hideous Laughter?


(tearfully) And Percy lost his arm!


That's is a 14.


Go further away from people.


Yeah, like in 300. Which was a great puppet show I saw.


This is a bottomless bag.


Yeah, that was a wisdom.


Didn't you try to squish it or something?


Are we not finishing this?


Which of these is--


I will go ahead of the party to run point.


Caleb, naked, riding the Fireball.


Scanlan, can you drop the fog just a bit?


Or we'll drown.


(sneezes dramatically)


Do you still have that Earthquake spell?


We need lots of potions, health potions.


No destination.


Why is it velcro?


How old are those donuts?


17 again.


Show his giant cock to you? (laughter)


We have a friend about a hundred feet away. He's by himself, but yeah, there's just the one. Beyond him, there is more to deal with. I think we quietly take care of this gentleman first, and then we move on.


Yeah, the name has made itself known all along the coast. You'd be lucky to find yourself in her company, at least how I've heard it.


Can I have taken, I'm assuming, a short rest and heal up from my fight while we were all chilling here?


Oh, that's been your problem the whole time.


He was a special, special robot and--


I love you. (eating noises)


What we've done to save the city, and where the story, and where the city came from, and what has happened, and make a place where other people, they can start carving in also the history and everything they need to say about the city, just one of the giant walls, I just want to start filling in with stories of the city.


Maybe Artagan can identify it.


I'm going to get really mad, and I'm going to use Necrotic Shroud.


Yeah. Girl power.


Go to Vegas!


I'm going to start looking around, digging, seeing if I see anything that looks like it would fit the shape. I'm also going to shout out: Be careful, the shifty three were talking about an octagonal room where they got attacked.


Make some pod bubbles.


I think they've completely forgotten. I'm sorry. May have panicked.


Looney Tunes!


What is disarm traps? Dexterity check?


We'll take them all.


Are we doing melee attacks, or spell attacks, or what?


It does 3d8 on all creatures.


I'm going to shoot him in the shoulder with my Retort gun.


God damn it. Why deception? I'm just falling.


You'd like to try my eraser?


No, I mean, really! It all matters! So much, and it's not going to go away! Nothing goes away!


I'm assuming, I mean, back in the city that we're from--


Couple hours.


In the meantime, I have a greatsword or a morningstar mace that you can have until we find your items.


I didn't get my phone call!


We really haven't had a barn-burner since we got back from the big do, you know. We should get your sister, we should get Shaun, we should get Allura and Kima and anyone who's in town.


Focus in on me, because I have something important to tell you, but I know that we're both very intoxicated.


Yeah, we've had blue balls for two weeks, and it's all coming out now.


Do we know anyone in Daxio? Can you scry there to find a tree?


I've read about most people and places.


Oh, well then, okay, eight!


--place a hand on Kima's shoulder and say, "Please, allow me," and move several feet ahead of her and start sneaking along.


Do they have eyeballs?


I'll go ahead and clear the chamber so they don't have to do this again.


Roll low.


All right, I also want to thank Pupgames from Twitter for sending me this.


I found the map, you guys! I had it somewhere safe.


Well, we would want them to get going in the morning, right? But not immediately get ambushed, like settle into a little bit of a pace for an hour or two.


First Vex, now you!


It can too, because we all got on the table for Sam's one shot.


You can dash and burn your action.


And don't we theoretically need the vestiges before we go visit Odessa's boyfriend?


I think Percy would like that. I think that's very appropriate.


I'm pretty low.


And I think I already said it, but the Deathwalker's Ward is set to cold.


Beau gets a little too aggressive with the pillow fight.


Straight strength?


I really actually have a-- it'd be easier if I could see where I am or--


Do we know if the High-Richters normally rule on or govern over?


Oh, jeez. What was that? Seven. Seven plus five. Seven, eight, 13, 16, and then another 12. Where was I at? 18. Oh, so 28, 32, 33 points.


Okay, in that case, I am going to enter--


No, they are happy that you went late. They want you to stay forever.


No, it's a fine selection. Sorry. How much for this book on hoe technique?


Bigby's Hand. Grab him. Grapple him.


Why are you guys wiping your hands on your pants?


No, it's on my belt. Fancy embroidery on the inside of my belt.


It's about to get Caligula up in this bitch.


I just was shot with a bunch of arrows, so give me a second. I run over there, stop halfway and go, ow, and then I continue. When I get there, any change in the glow?


I'm just thinking out loud. I've had a few years to just think out loud.


That's nine points of damage on the first one. 12 points of damage on the second one.


Keyleth actually goes over and starts doing her harvesting thing.


I hope you've learned your lesson.


Yes, that's right, that's right!


Does he talk back?


20 gold!


We can disguise you as a kid and they could kidnap you and you could fight them from the inside.


Shit. Okay, so if I use the Divine-- Sorry, I just have another question about that, where I have the percentage?


We can't see any movement anywhere?


We still would have sucked.


Yep, me as well.


Wait, why did you think we would want this information?


And how far is that?


But we would just have Grog hack away at it for a while--


That's some Pan Labyrinth's bullshit going on. (clears throat) My, my. [laughter]


I buried a secret clubhouse under Whitestone, at the roots of the Sun Tree. And sometimes I go there and I talk to him.


If I were to cast Locate Object, would that work?


There's something I've been wanting to do.


I did not roll a ten or higher.


No. I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you.


I mean, it's technically our town. We should get to know our city, you guys.


Did you think we were going to--


I bring Zanror a big tankard of ale and sit down in front of him. MATT "Oh, good to see you."


Half a beard? Like, just one side of my face?


So there's a book that says Pelor on it? Or Ioun. Or Dawnfather.


Is that a place where you can really chat up brand new people? Or is there a pub? I guess it's not really a pub town, is it?


Like Noah through the ark!


The Far Realm?


He knows Kara pretty well.


(vomit) I'm still bleeding from the neck.


No, I know that, but a lot of things have reflections.


What can I do to make it up?


I'm easy meat!


How far away is the ziggurat?


Are we off the ships yet?


What do you need to do?


Samwheeler  "Incredible stream tonight, thanks so much."


That's the damage it does?


Natibe?


Tinker.


Got to squeeze my spiky dice to wake up.


It's okay, it's a 15. But the other one was a natural 20.


I'm paddling through the air towards the direction we came from.


Oh, I gave you a pouch before. You might not have felt it, but it's in your back pocket.


Sometimes, Stubby, yes.


Also, do you know where there's an imp by the name of Demistrik and if he's all right?


Read the book!


Whoa, what's happening in my brain? 13. Plus seven you said? 20.


There's precious little I can do, so I will viciously mock it. (laughter)


Weren't we on boats for our first Gen Con liveshow?


I know that you all have a lot of errands to do. I don't need everyone to come.


(singing) Caleb takes the rear.


Are those trees, do they have any substance at all, or are they just there to look pretty?


K-A? What does that mean?


Just a second. Nott, come here for a moment.


No, no, it's up to you. It's totally you.


Okay. Can I keep moving in that direction?


Woah. Just woah. (laughs)


All right, yes, I'll make the mansion.


(pain sound) Fuck. Ah, shit. Okay, I'm going to hit the big hulking thing again.


I think we should probably--


I'll do the two gold for us.


We could buy you another flask that can hold whiskey just as well as that one. Here's the thing, you know that I was very interested in those books. We came here for books and booze. You've gotten a little booze, but we can get a lot and those books are expensive and I know that we can get enough money for it and I really don't feel like pushing our luck with the law here in town and pulling a fast one again.


Can you tell us the direction to Ank'Harel?


Here's the thing. If you haven't noticed, we have a keep. An embassy. We're known around town. We're council members. We can't go stealing things from people's houses.


Thank you guys for getting pastries for all of us. That was so sweet.


I'm pretty good about that. I don't think I took one.


But he's still coughing.


Are there any of the efreeti guards around?


I am so not together.


We will all chip in for whatever your monthly wages will be.


Madam, if I may. Hi. My name is Taryon, Taryon Darrington.


You just bested a ball.


I have some videos of the tarot game, and a couple of us


No, but they are stacked with hit points.


Can we see anything from here?


Asking you?


Have we met Gunther before? Is he human?


Okay. So I am to Seem us as peasants again?


You're a fast walker for a gnome.


Do we have any food we can leave for them, so they don't have to--?


I rage.


Oh, that's right, and embarrassed him. In the nude.


Let me take my antlers off.


And I got to go over and heal, yeah. Already healed him.


Hey, I'm fucking cold. Will you give me a hug?


Can't use it for that. Can I subtract whatever I roll for the inspiration?


We're already in.


If I cast Pass Without a Trace, can it help them, too?


It was pretty touch-and-go. Do you want to sit back and stay safe and then get eaten? I am really not myself right now.


I'm not great.


What district does he live in?


You're a beast.


But doesn't she have two spheres?


This is an expensive trip. (laughter)


You guys got into the wine?!


(choking noise)


That's it. He created this idea and he's backing out.


That never happened.


Six. Do we have an extra? We have one?


Okay, seeing the situation that Nott is in, I'm going to immediately run over and attack that hyena.


Trinket! I get up and run over to Trinket and hold his little head in my hands.


Kill 'em, baby, kill 'em.


What is pizza?


It's special.


Yeah, I'll help Jester look around. Maybe we see a broken blade somewhere while he finishes that.


Can it--


Why don't we just hold onto the Horn for a second and see what they do without it.


20 gold, all told?


(laughs) Oh my god! (coughs)


Wait, is it a cube? It is not a cube. Is it?


I do, unless you just want to hang out with me up here for a bit.


Kash, do something.


It was just a doorway?


A bit. I've never had to say this out loud before. I've never actually had this discussion with anyone.


Each tattoo has 15 meanings.


Could've been bad, could've been bad.


We could've found you in a prison.


Oh, wherever will I go.


I'll take one for me, thank you.


If I didn't fall off of it. You have fucking wings! Jesus. I walk away.


Wait, are succubuses devils down here or are they demons?


I give her my two silver. Do me proud.


Yes. It could be Vecna, watching us.


That is pretty good. That's an 18.


Man, I was hoping to stun it, guys, I'm sorry.


Oh, well, he's in the air, which is my preference, all around. Can I get up, please? Now we're somewhere. Can I move directly under him as far as I can go?


Stab, stab, stab!


You didn't bring your stuff?


I think Pike's onto something.


95,000 gold


Yes! Okay. 15 plus four lightning damage.


Oh. Hey, you know what the problem is with your face? I can see it! (laughter)


I know, that's just-- you know, it's just a--


Because I told him to. Because you're supposed to ask him--


Can I land on the horse's back?


It was a joke.


Any sweet half-orc around here?


It's okay. It's the last episode.


I am definitely not looking you in the eye.


How high are the ceilings?


Second one is ten.


I'm very nervous. I'm sorry, it's just your guards shackled both my wrists and my ankles and I can't move to get into a good position.


Are you going to talk about how the Redskins lost to the Cowboys this last weekend?


Do you have anyone in the community who could vouch for your character and trustworthiness?


That's why we did it, 'cause we wanted to help the economy.


Love it! It's my favorite. I was waiting for it.


We’re just going to hula-hoop for three hours.


13? I thought that said 93.


(singing) Happy birthday to me! Well, that was the world's shittiest die roll, though. No wait, I only get 1d4, right? It's just a d4 plus my bonus?


This was something entirely different.


I will send two bursts of Eldritch Blast in its direction.


I'm going to get my ass kicked if I get there. I'm going to try and engage the barbarian before raging happens.


I'm going to try to do the Pike move and jump down one level.


Yeah, we ran in for 30 seconds, shit the bed, and then got the hell out. We didn't try to end them. We didn't finish anything.


And I get a two additional damage die.


Do they think she's the one who sabotaged the rift?


Which you can't do?


Okay. I'm looking through some bones.


I do too. I sit down next to her. So my brother.


Hiding under the table for six seconds is a shitty job at hiding, but okay.


This is my jam.


I don't know if I can guarantee that.


That is not a picture of a goliath and a halfling, by the way.


Just don't do those ones.


Now you're thinking like I was. I didn't have that specific idea--


Maybe he's the guy who tried to use the anvil before.


No it's not. We're not.


I know that guy! (cheers)


I bought them. But I want Tiberius to make me more.


There's not any kind of dark magic about the armor, is there?


The square things with all the paper leaves in them and squiggles.


So, if we go into Emon, we're facing fire giants, lizard people, and that's before we get to Thordak the Cinder King?


Okay. I will cast Silent Image, and I will make it look like there's just a curious human walking over there. (bad American accent) Hi, I'm an American man! (laughter)


Mertin, we did it.


That's lost on me. Do you need anything else?


Thank you. Do you want to put it on now, Pike?


And some money.


Cats.


Roll a 15 or higher, please, Will.


Yes, clearly my presence is recognized in this great hall. Good day, good day. (laughter)


What was the average land speed of a laden undead?


If we abandon this quest, then we never-- I could get kicked out of the guild, for one.


(gasps) Those are my favorite!


I went over to Vax's foot again.


The Chuckle Palace?


Was it the Traveler?


I was going along with you.


Where were they all supposed to meet when everything was finished?


Are they inside yet?


Well, that was English, well done.


I'm going to spend one more ki point to do Patient Defense because I'm probably going to need it now.


I can take it. I'm into this.


Fuck yeah, d10.


My bonus action--


Worst-case scenario, they can go underground, yes.


Prepare for so much duck art. There's just going to be... It's going to be like a 50's study. It's going to be so much.


But I miss Kima.


Yeah. And if we're going in, what do we do? We could have one of us be ill perhaps.


Delivery.


Which also means that all the fucking skeletons take damage!


That might explode.


Clues and clues!


(singing) I am the champion, my friends.


Just so everybody's aware, those things we just fought? There's a ton more of them on the other side of this little chamber.


Are we going to go now, or are we going in the morning?


How do you feel about your workload? Do you feel like you can handle this?


Hearing Vax unload that information, if I reach through the crack in the door, can I touch Grog?


I certainly can't.


(whispers) Grog, Grog! We're going to need a lever. We're going to need-- Wrench. Get a blade into the metal, into the iron.


Aww, man. (laughter)


Did you get something good?


She couldn't do it anymore.


We're making comment cards! Yes!


What was your name, one more time?


How wide is the bridge?


Bring him out. Bring him out!


I'm assuming it's got to be a much smaller, mutated version of our brain-on-legs friend.


And I'm like, one for me and one for... me! (sobs)


You speak the same languages as me.


(whispers) I don't know.


Do we need outfits or something?


Okay, I'm going to take my horse and I'm going to whip it around the opposite way, going away from us, and I'm going to give it a good kick and jump off of it. And head towards the tree line with everybody else. I'm going to head it away from us.


It's like the sun in here.


I've got an idea. I'm going to find a small rock-- Oh, go ahead.


I'm in a much better position than I was to start with.


Yes, I believe it's vision based.


Pike, do you want to help him?


What else was there?


I'm with Caleb in the back.


I'll step forward and reach for gloves that aren't there and not do that. My name is Fjord. I'm a representative of The Squalleater here. If you will but humor us for a few moments, I'm afraid we're very short on supplies. We need to replenish our stores and perhaps enrich our pockets. If your men behave, I'm sure we will all get out of this very little worse for wear.


We're not afraid of this!


Fuck you, you dirty rat.


I have a mechanical pencil that looks like a pencil pencil.


Eins, zwei, drei, (click).


She's our new brand mascot.


Tyriok!


No, he has locations of other vestiges.


And we only had to threaten a shopkeeper with bodily harm to get it.


That's calculated from dexterity. Oh, so two. And 20 more for the sharpshooter.


Or do you think it's possible he is offering any one of those rewards?


Yeah, "from ashes shall rise again?" Are we going to fight some guy who's going to chop off our legs?


How tall is our firbolg?


Are they going to fight with us? Grog? Will you ask them if they're going to fight with us? (gibberish)


He disappears. It disappeared. Maybe it disappeared forever.


You know what else we're gonna do? We're not gonna finish it.


Vox Machina, solving problems that don't need to be solved.


Well, let's just call that lesson learned, yeah? Maybe we should all reconnoiter in the morning.


Didn't you get that speed boost?


Before I decide, what is the thing doing to Pike? What am I looking at?


What the heck.


I fucking lost it.


I have magic that can make things that are way more real than a drawing.


I'm going to try casting Locate Object and cast it on the tome that contains the Incantation of Isolation. Try it. Why not.


They looked past my hideous features to--


That's okay. I'm down to play it. I don't want anything spoiled, and casting for Ms. Marvel.


Maybe it's like Hex and Hunter's Mark.


It's not the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.


Are you pranking me? What are you talking about?


No, he didn't seem like the type that would really do a lot of killing himself, you know?


Did she heal herself okay?


Yeah, we'll totally wait here while you go tell the guards that we want to go inspect something.


Why don't you hold Jester's hand and we'll see where these stairs lead?


We'll send Trinket, too, so either way, you feel like you've accomplished something. You'll both die, and then you'll know that the bear goes with you.


So guys, we can spam you with that link in the chatroom if you want to support a charity for Critical Role. We also still have a giveaway at 2150 subs, which is a picture of the entire Critical Role cast they've all signed, and it's really cool. We'll show that to you guys again later, but we'll go ahead and roll those videos for you guys again.


We have to wait a week.


Third attack is a 17.


Bring me to a whole seven.


Yes, awesome.


You're such a fan of the water, though, Taliesin.


Is this including or not including the chalice that Grog gave to Vex earlier to drink out of?


Well, let's look at it first.


Butchered a pony for intimidation.


Professor Anders.


Not if nothing's left to protect. Not if there are no monsters left. If these things get out, if they spread their fire across the globe, what's left for us?


I'm just going to seep back down.


Not on the anniversary, Matt! Not on the anniversary.


Super duper!


Oh, that's good. 17?


The Kryn is the kingdom over there.


I want to run across. (all laugh)


I move back.


That's fine. I'm going to go over and cook something.


Towards the islands.


You know her name, but you've never seen her before?


Oh, well, I'll do one, too.


Didn't, wait--


Our six-hour games were pretty bad.


I have a Sleep arrow.


I'm taking this. This isn't worth my time, I'm taking this!


I'm still drunk.


Do we recognize them?


Yeah, you are, actually.


Just the dice? But not the sneak attack damage?


Is the ceiling considered worked stone or is it just carved out?


I'm going to slide out away from Nott and go to the other side, clear of the hallway, to look into the cage that's there.


Sam Riegel, ladies and gentleman, he played Gavroche in Les Mis. Gavroche, right here, Gavroche.


d12. Six.


Digging a hole and moving the mansion here.


Actually, madam, master. Do you have any symbols that you can give us, like something we could show people so they don't try to claim us for themselves? Because we're a lot smaller than everyone else here. Something that shows that we're your slaves?


Water holes!


Oh, yeah, I like it up there.


He is adorable, isn't he?


Geocache! Geocache! Geocache! More hidden treasure!


Those ideally go like that above it, right?


Oh yes! 18 plus five.


And I start stretching.


You're going to make me a special hand muff? (laughter)


Yeah, we still have Pass Without a Trace.


I'm just going to keen dagger it three times in a row. Oh, I've got to roll to attack, so that is a twelve plus-- 22?


That shit doesn't work.


You're a cultist?


Loot Crate!


We're hiding in the invisible cart.


Can I smash my Titanstone Knuckles together and cast Enlarge on myself?


Okay, the wall just opened up, so I’m going to shout for Trinket to run after the assassin throwing the knives.


How did he fucking scale that fast?


Goo! Goo all over me! Ew! Oh, and then I see-- I've seen the other worm before, right?


Cherry, cherry, cherry.


Did any of you take a beating, or was it just us?


Fassbender will lay on top of the trap.


(laughter) I'm going to hold. I'm not going to keep going forward.


Hello. So do you! I don't know who does your hair, but we could talk about it later.


He selfishly wants the door unlocked--


Thanks, Scanlan. Your eyes, your eyes...


Hopefully we will. Please pray for us.


Oh shit. We could have sunk our ship.


I take my enchanted moonstone from my staff and place it next to her.


Scanlan, look at all those codpieces across the room!


I have made a terrible mistake.


Thanks. Okay.


I didn't write down, did you really write down that stuff?


Half cover?


Tell you what, I start sweating real hard, I'll let you know, okay?


All right, and that's ten points of damage?


Okay. Can I Uncanny Dodge this? Is this melee?


Yeah, let's check it out.


I'm going to voluntarily erase one hit point.


He's super strong.


You know what is happening. Keg is aroused.


Yes, but with big risk comes big reward.


I think there's magical buttons in here and we need to find them? So I'm going to look in the mirror. I go to the opposite corner and do the same thing.


Yeah, and if he doesn't come in the door, then we kill him.


No, they all hit. All my attacks hit. 12 damage for the second.


Thank you, Tiberius.


Well, if I’m already-- because I didn’t know if I was just standing--


I wonder where it goes.


Drokrusher.


No, that's not-- Oh.


It's a minute to cast.


Center.


She can't see in here, I think.


Get rid of it. Put it down.


I put my Mage Hand in front of her. Wait, wa-wait! Hold on! It- it's fine! Er, this mind flayer is with us! We saved him, or he- he's our ally now; he's fine. No one needs to fight. He, uh, she's fine, he's fine. His name is Clarota.


Yeah, I got great nature skills! Five.


That's my biographer, Doty.


I'll take this, hold on. Thank you. I go into the smelly corpse hut and start to change my armor.


Oh, pretty damn sure.


Ten feet into the ground, which we can--


Does that burn you?


I feel like this has been taken care of. You know the system.


And I'm going to cast Telekinesis, and I'm going to pry open the metal. I'm not going to target the creature, I'm going to target the armor.


Right, was physical. That's true.


Yeah, it's gone dark, right? So either remove whatever's in there and get it back up and running again.


(screams in terror)


And where was 'there'?


The map looks like a cock and balls! [laughter, cheering]


Wow, that's cool.


Well, is Grog in my way?


Fenna. Pleasure to make your acquaintance.


We give a shove.


Oh, that works too. Can you--


(laughs) Area of effect?


Kelly?


I'm covered in armor.


Yeah, well I'm so demeaning to it, I call it a girl.


Until my next rest.


Don't tell me what to do, devil-woman.


I don't know, I'd say take the foot-in-mouth signal.


They've got moose.


Teleport us out of here!


So Percy, do you know of any secret passages to get actually into the castle?


They have to make dexterity saving throws.


(laughs) That's almost as good as all those other things you did today.


He's a little taller than Grog.


We could stay here forever and just kill gnolls.


Can I just say, again, I don't give a shit about Ophelia's request or The Gentleman's offer. I just want to get all of our friends and get out. If we can kill them, great, but if our aim is not to kill them it makes this a much easier mission.


I think it's going to try to swallow him.


It's so sad!


Scanlan Two can cast Polymorph.


To Wilhand's.


If you feel like it, you can go. This is a team.


(quietly) This fucking sucks, right?


No, you take it for her, please.


He could hold an attack.


No no no, no. We just didn't get a chance to talk to him about his sword.


Ja. This is a quick stop, I don't want to take up too much of your time and we don't have much. We have a busy day planned. I was wondering if you had, perhaps, maybe 100 gold's worth more of that good paper and ink that you have supplied me with already.


So he can't hear us right now?


I'm sorry if I dropped that on you, and put any more undue stress, that's not what I want--


I really can't find any--


I show the blood-soaked chunk.


You hanging back?


It's able to-- I just don't know, I'm not challenging it.


Are you sending a message?


I really like meat pies.


Swung your axe.


Would you have kept it if you had known all those other things? Or would you have wanted to use more of it?


It’s not a very descriptive -


Oh, wow. Well, that's--


We're disguised! We're hiding in plain sight!


In case we're in combat and it comes out, maybe we'll get, like, a momentary element of surprise as they go, 'My God, what is that?'


Wait, are you trying to make a sparkly ink?


Okay. Yes! 19.


Poisonless?


Whatever has inhabited the place in recent years or in recent centuries has been removed.


Are you him?


Let's pile in the boat.


We still don't know if that--


Nope. Same thing. 17.


It's only a matter of time.


See you in the next campaign, motherfucker!


What a good way to make a decision.


Yeah, what happened up there?


I am burning a Step of the Wind and I am hauling ass towards the direction that Nott ran. I have 135 feet movement speed with that, so that, halved.


To what end? Then we're just gonna sit here forever?


Here, let's test you. I'm going to write down, (stammering) "Oh, what a goose I am." Copy my handwriting.


I think I'm going to try the belt on and see what happens.


Anime sparkles.


We'll see. Thank you. Bidet.


We want to get out of here. Cast the thing. Let's go.


Gotta run up.


Who has to do this? Pike, Clarota?


Oh. Awesome.


I wonder if each ziggurat is over a nexus.


Yeah. Oh shit, is Marius LePual back on the other ship?


Okay. I'll do the oasis.


No, it says rogue, I'm fucking with you. "From your friendly neighborhood healers." You guys can heal? It's a cloak! Wow! It looks so cool and fancy!


Or you stay and lead your people.


Oh, Jesus. Because he's also got the things on me.


Yes. Knowing that they seem to be vampires because they've fucking creepy teeth, I'm going to pull out one of my holy arrows and shoot it at-- Lord Briarwood's in the way of Lady Briarwood now, isn't he?


Can I do anything else after I've poured it into his-- can I do anything else?


He graduated high school today.


Not near the bears.


Looking up the spell?


Yasha wakes up  (startles)


I spit in the hole.


I've been drinking since I've woken.


Ah, we’re good.


Eight plus seven. Does that hit?


Keep hitting me.


(deep voice) If I move (normal voice) right here, am I ten feet of the creature, but they're not ten feet of me, right?


Do you need me?


Are there any intact maps, like larger scale maps of the ocean?


There's no one in between us?


So maybe we can do something kind of fakey.


Where's his wife?


Can I do a religion check on them?


Was there a little crawl space at the top that we could crawl through?


He's not a good dancer; he's a white guy. (laughter)


Give it a little flick.


I guess if we get trapped underwater, we could just concentrate and turn into bubbles.


He might laugh off necrotic.


Crown of Madness. (cheering)


He has pajamas he changes into.


Don't you have some sort of intimidate thing?


We'll start with that.


Scanlan, where are we staying? Where's our rooms?


Have a drink. It’ll help with that.


Caduceus knew that it was going to rain.


Yes, 'cause I'm at four hit points.


Send the two bitties. And we're going to hide out. I'm still in my mist form.


I did a check on him, Pike. His cough doesn't seem to be anything natural or disease-related, so it's nothing like a fever. Not a real one, anyway.


Okay, 17. Shit. And 27.


She's fine. I'd watch her.


I'm going to go to the tree over there.


They don't belong to any pact, or group that we would need to negotiate with?


Oh, good. Should I Firebolt? I mean, I'm going to Firebolt. From a distance.


I give Grog an air-high-five.


I'm gonna go like Storm and I'm gonna Sleet Storm them. I'm gonna start conjuring a Sleet Storm over the top of this mountain, right where the crows are.


Not everybody has a Bag of Holding, Grog.


Can I at least get in to move close enough that I could get the gag out of his mouth?


Anything more than a dollar.


What is this, history?


Yeah, so beat it in the face.


Your rings, do any of them have just a glass-- are they costume jewelry?


I'm lowering him down on a rope.


Morning everyone.


It's clear. (laughs)


Yasha, I need you to come kick in this door.


Are we walking the perimeter? If we're doing a perimeter walk, I want to look and see if there are any branches and trees that might be growing close to the wall, that I could--


You know, I do have a solution I think for this. Jamedi! You worthless sack of shit, you haven't done a damn thing since we got in this temple. You like to scout ahead, go forward? Get your ass down that well.


And I shake it.


What about Trinket? Does he use his paw?


Oh my god, that's so visceral and amazing. I'll shoot it in the nose.


Thanks, Poltergeist.


Yeah. My tiny, ocular hands.


Why are you peeing on everything?


Can I do a bonus action to use my med kit on the kid? My healer's kit?


That is a good question, Yasha. I don't cook with it, I use it for arcane things.


I'll inspire Pike. I'll turn to her and I'll say, (sings) I wish they all could be cleric gnomian girls. (laughter)


Is this my character sheet? (all laugh)


Mercer, don't say that! (groaning)


I pull out my sword and cut it out.


I pole vault up, do the two hits, and then I want to parkour off of the spiritual weapon a little bit, Marty McFly on the lollipop, and then do a flying roundhouse to his face!


Thank you, authoritative figure who I am unaware of your name?


That's the end of both of them. It's going to be a cadaver and a fern.


I've been behind him the whole time, pushing on his buttocks.


Can't even get close enough to do shit.


How late?


What a dick!


Yeah! Towards the mountains!


A present?


Yeah, I mean we can literally camp next to the roots of the tree if we want to. I made it look nice in there.


Sun Tree is still doing it the first time, three years ago.


Oh my god, they're huge!


That's Vex.


I confused you with Percy.


We'll pull Matt.


I would wait until they get closer before I do my thing. Maybe Jester can--


So we're somewhere in Emon.


8d4, four-sided, the four-sided. Pyramids.


Thank you! Oh wow, I have so many pretty dice right now! It's lovely. Ooh, yeah! Ooh, so 29.


So it would be best to get their attention now when everything's quiet.


Maybe just-- Oh look, what's that? And I'll run into an alley that way.


Hilda? Would you like us to check and see if we can potentially find him?


How long did it take you, Allura, to create that heart?


I say, okay, guys, as we climb this tower, I know there's a lot of stairs, but the stairs are going to be fucking nothing compared to Vecna. But holy fuck, these are a lot of fucking stairs.


Do what you've got to do.


Okay. I'm gonna do that.


Okay. (groan)


Suffer me the little merrow.


Mask, gun, fuck it.


Okay. You seem to know Mr. Caleb really well.


Ladies and gentlemen.


You don't need it.


Do a litmus test. Is it basic or acid? We don't know.


Yeah, but it'd be fun.


And I'm sneaking into the house.


Gotcha. Is there anyone else that is part of the investigation team that you think would be good to talk to?


And how wide is this door?


Good luck! I hope you guys die.


Could Cabal's Ruin--


What's that new magic you used? (laughter)


Would Comprehend Languages work with a mouse, or no? That would be a different spell, right? Speak with Animals?


Okay, you're going to want to sit down. Take it easy for a while. I wouldn't get up for like a good half hour. Be very gentle on yourself. Why don't we get this man a drink?


They're 120 feet from us?


5.1 Dolby digital surround.


Honor yourself.


I agree. They say there's kids disappearing up north?


I'm going as well.


What are we going to do?


Scanlan? Tibs? Who wants a wand?


High Rollers is great, I'm not going to talk about the rest of Yogscast.


Who saw me bamf out by touching the thing? Jes for sure did.


Matt, did it also negate my disadvantage from Cutting Words, on the save?


I have! Nila has!


That's fucking foul, Keyleth.


(whispering) He's organizing Traveler Con. (laughter)


Nope! I rolled her dice, it was a one, I'm never rolling it again.


I'm sure it does.


Sorry, bud.


(as pigeon) High-Richter's handwriting!


Don't say it about all of us and doom us to your fate.


They're the opposite of the Harpers, which are good.


It's a blue shard that we found in-- long, long ago-- it's real crystal and it's real magic.


Yeah. Make the eagle follow.


Yeah, I gave him gold to do it.


Scanlan, can I borrow your horn? Your cone?


Lady Kima!


Yes. And then 14 doesn't hit.


Somebody did do that.


Ugh. Again? He's getting it again?


Gnoll penises, yeah.


Like, little tiny dicks?


Every time you move forward, I have to move forward.


(singing) Let's go to the safe house then.


I know! I feel like I'm going to have a heart attack.


Talk about-- talk about the revisions first! Always get those revisions first.


It's fantastic.


Yeah! [break]


That's the one we shot.


Nine, total. That does help.


Song & Supper.


Too heavy?


Well, jeez, I thought we were all having tequila shots and going crazy and taking pictures and writing our name on the bathroom walls, but it seems like everybody's lost their nerve. I put it back in the bag of holding. (laughter and groaning)


I'm going to hold my-- I'm so sorry, this is a new spell I'm learning. Stop, there we go. I'm going to hold Channel Divinity until the one on the ground's within 30 feet of me. I'm going to whoa the horses and hold Channel Divinity until there's a creature within 30 feet.


You just keep it to yourself.


You killed a gray render.


Well, there was another party that the guild-- the guild did send another party.


How's she?


Let's walk.


She has granted me knowledge of his whereabouts, and he is coming fast.


You can. Well no, I said the wrong thing. But anyway, I want to use my first action to shove that archer backward off the roof.


Light a fire. Let's just light a fire and throw it in there.


Where's Ripley?


The madness.


Yes, you watched the--


Sure, why not? I mean, we're undead. We look like we're undead.


Oh, baby, don't do that.


With casualties.


Okay, do I get advantage because of magic?


Before we do. Percy, do you know anything about this country we're in? Anything?


And I'm gonna try and see if I can get some cover, as far away from that thing as possible. Whatever I can do.


Oh, I think she is. Very happy.


Febron is totally telling his friends that he nailed a barbarian.


Oh, what did you do in the first one?


Like the Macy's Day parade!


You're still--


Teleport it, can you pull it out and make sure it's still there and okay?


No, you didn't say anything.


They'll know it was you.


I would not object to invisibility.


You could go rescue him.


Normally, I'm the one who's arrested. Mixing it up.


Best friends forever. (gasps)


Touch one of the stones, Grog.


Keeping that concentration.


Go, eagle, go! Right in the eyes.


We're going to do that, we're just getting the word out.


Oh, well. 14. Plus two. 16.


Like with armor?


Okay, how far away is the horde?


Grog? Grog?


She's got infectious diseases too! When she spews, everybody catches it!


Focus, focus.


Aw, a natural one.


Was I?


I'm feeding Lockheed some of my breakfast.


Oh, he already rolled. Look at him.


Are you attached to it?


I'm in the water, man.


And they're all up on the second floor, right?


Oh! I attack him.


Can I, at this point?


I try to make wide eyes.


I thought he said "dead".


It didn't happen!


That's a great toast.


But Grog’s got it.


Trinket's coming.


Deception check?


I can at least see what she is up to.


Giant big giants.


It's not good. 13.


Keyleth in front of Grog.


God's really cool, right? Right, right.


There could be.


It's actually ten because I had to reroll ones and twos.


Still standing.


Well. And I tell the elemental to--


Did you fuck the roll, too? Oh, what the fuck!


Eight, plus five, plus your proficiency bonus. 14, 20.


Many years ago, I went to make a deal with her and she told me that I was broken and that I had always been broken. Part of me was going to save your brother and really, I just wanted to prove it to her. I wanted to hurt her for hurting me.


I wave at a couple. Quietly.


Give it a couple years.


You could buy a new shirt.


I could make us all look like illithids.


Can I blow my last 5th-level spell to Greater Restoration somebody from their age?


Yes. Will you and Cyrus inform everyone else that it's safe for them-- oh shit, we're not back, they can't go there. We'll be back, and we're going to send you to Whitestone, where you'll be safe.


Or someone.


There is very important work to be done, and I feel like we all need to focus on that, and get down to the nitty-gritty of it, you know?


Who do you choose?


I'll let it go where it's leading and point it towards the floor.


Not that I don't know this isn't going to work, but I'm going to try and see if I can get, even with like maybe an electric pulse, if I can light the powder. If the powder's wet, the powder's wet. Once I open that thing--


I'm going to plant myself at the end of two rows of the intersection and wait for people to walk by. And as they do, I say: Spice? Spice, spice, spice? You spice it? Spice, spice, spice?


(gasps) Oh, those little guys!


Plus he's so frail right now, I'm afraid Grog would just break him in half.


I'm not looking to recruit this person. I'm looking to rent or buy an object that she owns, or perhaps even trade, and we'll put 400 gold.


My antlers and my hair!


I just shut the door.


This is like that around your neck except it's specific to warding off poison. No poison.


Check that building?


Ah!


I could get in, shit in their bedroom, and leave.


I think I might be dead in a couple of days. So I came here to apologize. If you think I have no feelings for you, you're kidding yourself. I care for you very deeply. I have for a long time. And I don't think I've treated you fairly. But I wasn't playing games. Shaun. It's been a little weird lately, and I understand why, but I want you to know that I love you as a dear, dear friend, and I really don't think I'm going to be here in a few days. And I would hate to think that I would be--


Throw it over my way. I'll catch it.


Do you want to stay, Yasha? I'll stay with you if you want.


It would've been so badass!


How many windows are there?


Bitchface Briarwood.


Put some hot water on it and--


It's so insane.


Do we see any big trees around here?


He took three hours doing that?!


1d10 plus 12. Where's a d10? That's not bad. Okay, 18 points. Okay, good, I get 18 points back, yay.


No, she can keep going that direction and then I'll cast it again in a little bit.


"But they need their skin to live!"


Okay. Got it. I can't. Oh, you gave me gold. I'll get four vials of that.


52 damage?


The DDT!


-- oh yeah, and Trinket ran towards the door


They were probably smugglers that were keeping the safe house for the Gentleman.


Stealthily.


I pull two out as well.


Thank you, Wil.


I'm going to cast it right above this zombie gnoll. It's going to be in the shape of a giant lollipop. Like a bludgeoning lollipop.


No. You aren't.


You mock fate, fate punches you in the mouth.


Well, I didn't move.


For toilet diving.


Where do you buy your clothes?


Sweet. All right, all right.


Are there any like buttons or key holes in any of the grates?


You have a question?


Ugh! Ah!


Yeah, but you can't fly anymore.


I had it right.


That I do. It is a wide wake, my friend.


What a perfect stay in school moment.


Don't throw. That's rude.


Yes. And I'll just lightning him at normal lightning damage.


No, I don't think we have to.


But then they'll have weapons.


Wait! Mister Greyspine. Oh, okay, all right.


Hello, yeah, Percival, I'll talk to you in a minute, all right?


Edubation! That's why!


Do they look sad.


Yeah, towards where we came from. What's behind us? Is it just tunnel back that way?


We can go to my library.


That simple.


This isn't our fight.


Milking its face.


I'm going to use a Resolve. Yeah. It's the exact same roll.


And I can try and get one more bullet to come out of it at this point, so I'm going to make one last attempt to make it shoot, after clearing the chamber. Better! Jesus H. Christ. 24.


They're like (growls).


Amazing, that's 27. That's 26.


Much better. Shall we?


Oh, big tusks.


Wait, so you're signing it, now? I thought I was signing it.


No! I didn't say that. I said if we know which direction she needs to head, we can figure out possibly if we can get her there.


It's a big city.


So, Percy.


Do they look super pissed off?


Oh, cool! Yellow.


I feel like that was Masterpiece Theatre all at once.


Okay. Well, I'm going to try Hunter's Marking Delilah.


That needs to happen.


(Walken voice) Quad. Lay-up.


That's very confusing.


Mama Cass, what have you found?


She's my new favorite.


Are we on the top floor, or down where the--


You people don't see shit.


Oh! They're going out the back door. I thought they were going out that way!


It's another point of damage.


I will come stacked with some water-breathing stuff. I think we can do it to eight people for like an hour or something like that?


Yeah. Well, so you've been taking care of Ogden?


Well, they can't play as well as you, but they're pretty good.


Guys, she's our healer.


Pfft. Yeah.


Yeah, cheers. Salut, bitches! (cheering)


We need to find Pike. Pike came to help us.


That would have been four.


Have a sip sip.


I need another ten minutes. Fjord, would you get me a second whiskey? By the time you get back, maybe I will understand what this is.


Okay. You're right, I'm sorry! You're right! I'm wrong!


28 is what it rolled total?!


I just clicked the boots.


So that is an 11 the third time.


We fucking run.


Anything come out of the middle of that thing?


That was cool!


Do you have wolves?


Fine. I'm going to reload, and now, what am I going to do? Let's see.


You can't think they won't notice that you're an imp that doesn't belong to anybody?


An Immovable Rod?


You're not alone. I'm going to go see if the Slayer's Take has--


Do we need to tell your family what we did?


How about no. Probably not.


I pick up one of the tridents. Does it seem like an average--


Oh, well yeah.


It's short for Barrymore, but I just go by Barry.


She's an Instagram model!


(Sean Connery voice) Steven Seagal.


Oh, no?


We've been discovered by fairies.


How do we sneak in past them?


As she's filling, I'll Mage Hand back and try to grab the book.


18, plus whatever the explosion does.


I got something! But I've got to wait my turn.


You know, I was thinking on the walk back here that I would probably like to get a cloak of some kind.


Out of curiosity, if I flip through, do I see any boning anywhere inside?


We're over big dick energy. BDE is gone, DPB is in.


She's out? She's gone?


There are things that fly here?


Thank you. Is this something that I would get advantage on for my herb book?


Actually, here's an interesting thing, is-- oh, god, yeah. I don't want to be in the water, so I'm going to stay on that little patch of land so I don't get--


I removed it.


It's just food?


That's good, that's good!


Should I be investigating, too?


Does it glow for anything in particular?


Hey! We're going to land right on him!


I worry-- well, I'll tell you my concerns and that is that this thing is beyond comprehension, even. And the desire to get it back is going to be great. This-- and I pull out the Sending Stone-- is just a stone that I stole from Sutan's house. This I'm not worried about. Would you put this in your backpack, please?


That's all it says. It just keeps going and saying Matt. It wouldn't have worked! This is why it's rejected! Oh, this one. This one is specific for--


I have cards. We could have played cards.


Well, that's not going to be as cool. Well, then I'll just stay on the stupid carpet, then.


Shake that hangover off, Kiki.


Oh, yeah. I'll fire shot with my next shot. Does she currently have advantage or no?


Ah, come on!


I've been there--


No, she's just fixing it up for us.


I'm just going to run across.


Question. When you guys were flying overhead, the top of the temple is wide enough for us to stand on, yeah?


For this week's D&D Beyond spot, I wrote a hilarious skit for me and Ashley to perform together, but she's not here. Instead, I'm going to soldier on without her in the spirit of showmanship. Hey Ashley, guess what I'm thinking right now? (silence)


Three-point landing!


Yes. I pull up my hand cone and I say, (singing) You're as cold as ice! Willing to sacrifice your boss! And so I tell him to kill his boss. (laughter)


Yeah, or listening, and trying to listen and see through Frumpkin.


Can I insight check him? Just get a feel for that.


Sister. (laughter)


Could I Hunter's Mark him before they go in their bedroom?


Can it do that if it's Slowed?


Save everyone.


Do I get an inspiration die for that?


Okay! 20 is Marquet and a one is Draconia.


I guess we could do a recon first.


All right. Second is a 19?


All right. Easy. Listen, drummer--


Against my spell's DC? 18.


Oh, plus six! I'm looking at the dex modifier which is plus three.


Are they any seams or visible machinery or cogs or anything?


No, they don't.


I don't know. It's good luck, though!


I still can't Fireball, right?


Like, everyone.


He saves. That's a natural 20. Oh well, that didn't work.


Hey, Marisha, it's happening.


Seventh. We could Transport via Plants. And I found a tree to get us to--


It's a simple thing, if we have any kind of wood or maybe some silver or copper coins to shove in?


Investigators!


Don't you have your sheriff badge?


Good kill. Good kill.


I'll just old lady walk into the building and look around.


For intelligence?


I would like to put my hands on the dire wolf and just thank it, for no other reason than I respect its life.


Wait, refresh us all. Is Liam - I'm sorry - is Vax naked?


Oh, Grand Poobah. I'm afraid you have to wear something quite formal.


Oh, it went hanging off.


Maybe you get it back when you turn back.


Oh, there is no gnome like our gnome. Oh my gods.


Okay. I rolled it. It was shit. Okay.


Tighten them and tie him to the mast will you.


I'm going to use a ki point to do stunning strike.


Okay, I'd like to take the Greatsword of Frenzy out of the Bag of Holding.


I'm scared of all my dice.


You seemed bothered after you looked. Is everything all right?


You've got a number there.


Can I tell where it's coming from?


Not to my knowledge.


It's not good. No, I rolled a two and a one.


What was the color of the fruit in the fucking temple? Weren't they like--?


Because of this!


What do you see, Percival?


You fought bravely. And often. You wielded your weapon strongly and proudly, and had many definite physical encounters, and were never frozen. And showed your power and defended us to the best of your ability.


I know!


What are the components?


That wasn't us!


Shoot. Okay, I'm not close to him.


I really thought that was game over for me. I was wrong.


Who goes up next?


I really saved up for the sword that I have. I thank you guys for thinking of me, but--


Have a good day.


Yeah. Do I find the most insecure-looking guy and then use that?


No time like the present.


They're not going to function underwater.


Every Flavor Beans.


Get out of this city.


One moment, one moment. Lightning, Lightning, who knows Lightning?


Eight hours, and you said the eight hours was--?


Over here, as well, and over here.


You know what I mean.


Let's go join them.


I'm going to punch her in the face and cast Inflict Wounds.


An extra attack action.


We find a new keep.


Oh, well done, you.


Ioun is the goddess of knowledge.


He is frenzying.


I would like to do a couple things just to the room before we do anything other than this to our houses.


From breaking open.


I have a dollhouse at home! There are things that are necessary! Jesus.


When you shoot a whirlwind.


Oh no. You're going to be the most useful one too. It's okay, it's power play right at the end.


Is anyone in the room, now, Matt, besides--


No! I'm going with that one.


May I ask a weird question, Matt?


Actually, can I just throw this out? The only thing that would detect us scrying is currently flying over the ocean. We can scry right now.


I feel like there was some sort of--


I'll switch to Gnome.


But probably not as fast as they are.


What is this creature? Do we know what this creature is?


Easter weekend!


Your Highness, hold on a second, wait a minute!


That don't look good. That's tall.


I have things I can do in Vasselheim.


Oh, it's something my grandma would say. So good.


I don't think it matters, either.


I am a morning pooper, so that happened at the very beginning. Once I watched Yasha leave the boat, I would have snapped Frumpkin to, and set him purring, and worn him like a scarf. Go back to my chambers, and slowly and methodically take out the silver wire, and cast Alarm outside of my doorway. Then take another ten minutes to cast Leomund's Tiny Hut as a ritual in the room, so that the bubble goes up to the door. Then I will take out the jar of beads, and the thing of ink, and the sphere from Twiggy. I would rest that on the table. Then, as memory serves, there was one book with arcane equations open on the table, which I put away. Was there a second book on the table, at that point, as well? There was two we got in our rush, and Caduceus just gave him one.


I didn't suffer from this, but permanently lowered health?


Are we doing it now or later?


I swear if the Briarwoods are responsible for a party kill, I'm going to feel like such an asshole.


Oh, it's still locked. With thieves' tools? 27.


Dangly bits.


Where does she learn this stuff? I've never--


I want to help him because I'm a rogue, too.


Sam, buddy! You made it.


Yeah, go for that.


One for me too.


Whoa! Hey, big spender! What?


A good sorcerer always all his tricks before turning around, which is what I did. I think we should go back there because I feel that it's significant that I couldn't get in so easily.


War room!


Yeah. He was a tidy man; he certainly wouldn't have left things like this. It looks like, either before or after it went down, somebody was definitely fucking looking for something.


Oh, and this is the Thrower. It's still the Dwarven Thrower, though, the hammer.


But that's my next turn. That happens on my turn.


It's better against weaker opponents.


In relation to where we are?


Yeah. No, I will not go whoring with you one more time.


Five points of bludgeoning damage.


Can I watch this conversation from the doorway?


You could stone, you could get out of this.


LEDs, yeah.


Can I see duergar from any other perch?


Wait, is that Kashaw? Made you look. Break the tension! Never mind, you've got it.


I will look at Poison Ivy's hand.


(laughs) That went one and then a 13. Minus-- zero. 13.


But with you by my side, your engineering wits and my ball-handling skills, we'll be fine.


Yeah. It's pretty remarkable.


Caduceus, could you make sure that she gets some real food?


How would you disappoint us?


Oh my god, that hits.


Oh, athletics, that's better.


Shush, you. (laughter)


It wasn't, because I used Lightning Arrow, so it dropped the concentration on it.


We'd need to take one of theirs, take Lorenzo or something. They'd have to come after us. There would be no reason for them to leave.


Good job, rogue.


Poop joke.


Okay good, 20.


Was there anything else flying other than them?


Yeah, but you know, I don't offer a lot of muscle to this group but I do have a little bit of knowledge. So, you know, in situations like that just give me a moment to have a look around the room, please, Fjord. Yes, thank you, Beauregard.


But I don't know how to defeat them!


Are there any threatening creatures in the vicinity?


Shortswords or daggers?


Oh, I love him.


Away we-- oui oui?


Keyleth throws up a Skywrite spell and says, we're taking the portal.


Is that a new thing? Shank shank?


He's really heavy.


The baby's butt coming out of your mouth.


I want to wait and talk to Zahra.


You've got the carpet.


Not a subtle person.


Persuasion's not good. Ten.


That's a panty-dropper, as Sam would say.


Sorry. I cast Cure Wounds.


Yeah, there's only four doors.


And he just took from me, because I took my shots. It was 26 damage plus one psychic for the first one. Goddamn it. The other one hits, and again, goddamn it. 24 damage plus one psychic. And the third shot probably does not hit. Third shot does not hit.


All right, so, we're still resting, right?


I mean, I could-- What's nearby? Is anything nearby? Any animals? Have we seen any wildlife?


Oh! Never mind.


I'm 98% relieved and 2% bummed that I--


It wasn't a good roll. I see a face there.


Well, I'm burning a spell slot.


Or we can take theirs and leave ours.


Sound; a beam; there's a screech; there's a gas.


Can you remind me, so I don't call her Mrs. Ruby-- what's your mom's name? What do we call her? Miss Lavorre? Mrs. Lavorre?


That is exactly what I will do.


Take the thing off.


I don't think it's--


That was the bubbliest she's ever been over a three-month span.


Perception check. Okay, that's not too bad. 15.


Wait, one more.


Save me, save me.


Do your thing.


May I make my first strike a vengeance upon that stupid tentacle?


I have honey.


We're still wind.


I start purring.


If I'd have known that, I would have rolled better for the whole thing.


Why don't we send my cat?


No, it's right here.


Uh-huh?


Plus the intelligence modifier?


Calamari.


We have more than that, because it's going to take quite a while. That's how long we have to make a plan.


(Singing) Oskar!


Misting to the Fire Ashari is not that long, right?


Oh, father and son. Oh! Seeming!


To risking our lives. For money.


Well that works, well done.


Oh, that was great. We still got two downstairs.


Yes! I go over and provide very vigorous CPR. No mouth to mouth, just that hand part.


At a place where we can land the carpet and stand around.


Little mild salsa?


We burned through all of his legendary saves.


And check out the podcast!


No, thank you. Where did that even come from? That's okay. Not much actually. She is far more under the influence of whatever this is than I initially thought. She took off her glove and there was an eye in the palm of her hand. And not another tattoo, I think it was like a fucking eye. Ah!


Says who?


Have you never been to Casa Bonita?


Assassinate!


I say  Sup, Waynen?


I was doing a ritual casting of Identify as soon as the thing was in my hands and not talking to anybody.


Is there anything else you can do that you haven't-- can you make an army of unicorns or a giant in a dancing dress, or is this the extent of what you can do?


I would only want to go there if we had a distinct plan to disrupt or trick or steal.


Seniors '99! (laughter)


Oh yeah, who specializes in a rosé? You're right, that's weird. Especially not the Baumbauchs.


Grog when I'm drunk?


I saw it!


We bring him to them.


Okay, maybe you can make it--


It's gorgeous on paper.


At least that way, they'll trust us.


I can't see you, you're hiding in the shadows.


Oh, yes, slippers and everything.


That sounds right. If I recall, we were specifically told to set up tent right here.


How much time do we have? What?


Do we want to long rest or go back?


Ashley!


Okay. Let's get a drink.


So the first thing that happens is the trunk, the tree.


Well, we could introduce ourselves and then kill him!


Everybody hears a little (ting) as I hit a little bell that I have that's part of it. And that's it.


No. No. I wouldn't think so.


Oh. I just, well--


What if it's just a dead thing?


We should probably stay clear and go to Hupperdook.


But everybody else has really cool weapons, and I just have an axe.


Are the council trustworthy?


Where is he? Who has him?


Plus five to con, plus zero to wis.


They are actively looking for us.


Okay, crew meeting, everyone!


Fjord will pay half! So 75 gold each.


Great fight, man!


Oh no, but how will we get out?


What was underneath the urn in the ceiling? On the ground?


Eight, got it.


(laughs) All right.


Does that double my dice?


Caleb, do we have her Happy Fun Ball?


I'm going to stock up on a bunch of stuff.


Does that hit or not?


Plus my, which check?


At second level. Sorry.


Infernal. But they speak Common, I'm assuming, as well.


Should we look like ourselves or other people?


I'll strap it to my back.


Guys, I hate to end it so abruptly but we're actually packing up the cameras that are filming me now, our unit, everything, lights, and getting on a plane and heading to South by Southwest. We may stream tomorrow, we may not, we're flying blind, we'll see what stuff looks like when we get there. Thank you guys so much and we'll be back next week, 7:00pm. Next week guys, it's going to be great.


Thank you, Grog.


We're in a mansion right now. Fucking cannonball! And I get up and I cannonball.


Yeah, this is so bad.


I'm going to say  All right, all right, all right. We're friends now, okay? Let's not do any real damage to each other. I'm going to pat his head and cast Cure Wounds.


Yes. But you can talk?


Just throw it from outside and see what happens.


All right, we'll think on it.


(gasps) Where?


Shit, how do I find out? You click on it.


I cast Hold Person on her!


Do I notice her looking at me? I mean, does Anastasia notice her looking at me?


It also saves me a 6th-level spell.


