And bow again.


What's left to finish?


Reckless, regular strike. Not terrible. 29.


It's super important to fighting Vecna.


Wouldn't mind turning into that mist right now.


Just upstairs.


Fuck you, ghost.


No ranger.


I gave the Potion of Haste to Grog. We both found these two potions. Grog has the Potion of Haste if anyone else desperately needs it, and I certainly don't need to be any smaller, so I've given the potion of reduction? Reducement?


Put it down right where it is.


I'm under the wall, right?


This is really different than most carnivals that I've gone to.


Yeah, yeah yeah. He's just not home. Sorry, guys.


I feel confused... all the time.


You stowing away, is that what's happening?


You feeling okay?


No. I mean, I would say the same thing if I was taking such a chance with people I didn't know, right? I think he's just trying to invest in us a little.


I want to use bonus action to dash. I don't know if that gets me 60 feet away flying.


Well, between us we've had three kisses now, I think we did pretty well.


Wait, you want to put my bo in bows--


I'm beginning to like it.


I didn't know it takes that long!


That's a lot of nicknames.


Me specifically?


What does your smell bag say? Do we go and we get more people or do we go to the house?


(counting) 60 is how far away he is.


(contemplative sigh) Been 20 seasons now, 18 seasons? Try not to count, it just gets in the way of more important things.


Oh, fuck! Physical props!


Shakäste, would you, er-- Friend, would you do us the favor of... Stacy-- Is it Stacy or Anastasia?


Right. You could go with the first half of that plan, but without the second half that involves the stealing?


(laughs, then coughs)


It looks like it did, but for all I know you spent all your money on it.


I'll stay where I am.


Yeah, can I use the scrying eye to try and scry on the pit fiend?


You know how sometimes when we're in fights and bad guys can walk around us without incurring damage?


To try to land on the dragon?


Oh, we went there.


Yeah, I want to stand right there.


Maybe I don't know. Let's say I assume. (laughter)


That's a lot of ifs, though.


No. it's a Scrying Eye. You can use it once a day.


Oh my god, you rolled a 19.


I'm up to 100.


Just a saving throw?


I wish I knew if there was another entrance or exit underneath that trap door. I couldn't get in, but I heard the voices and I heard many people under there.


Do your magic.


Curdled dairy at all times.


Who wants nibbles?


We're having a moment right now.


We've all learned things from single moms today. (laughter)


This is a good plan, and we're going to go in there-- oh, you're going to go in there. Do you need some help?


All right, I hit him again!


It's in a knapsack.


Let's try some different dice here. For fuck's sake! I've got to stop rolling that die. This is-- yeah, no.


What's that web address again?


(suspiciously) Hi. (laughter)


I go into a rage.


(singing) Bad News!


That's what I was gonna say, I cast Grasping Vine and I just take a vine and I tie his hands behind his back. And kind of grapple him.


Yeah! Attaboy.


Do you need me to get water?


(whistle and intone theme of The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly)


Would you mind telling me, did you feel anything coming from the captain?


And I get a grit back, and I'm burning my other grit for another shot.


Basically Grog, so far.


(coughing) Hits.


Once we murder this K'Varn, you guys are going to laugh so hard.


Oh, it's a good thing!


It's a 12!


Cloud of Deterrence, thank you.


(drawl) Mustard. Biscuits.


It's kind of a wait list, but usually she only has, you know, a few patrons during any given period of time. So she'll have the best diplomats that come to town and if they've claimed that time then they can spend time with her for an entire week or even more and nobody else will come to see her. You know what I mean?


Wait, who has a necklace? Algar?


We have to stop them before they close these doors. If they close the doors, it's over.


Well, I hope he's watching. We just crawled in his tree anus.


And I cast Telekinesis on the boat to lift it up.


Not me, because I drink milk.


Pray to the great god titty.


Beau gets up, seeing Caleb a little bit messed up, and I'm going to go up to him and I'm going to grab him and be like: let's take a walk.


I go (grunts).


Can I pick that lock?


Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can hurt.


Enter the Meat Man.


No, you know what? I'll stay put and I will cast... I will cast Silent Image in a flanking position to Beau. And I will create a second Beau just standing there in front of the creature and try to help Beau.


Oh, shit, you got a hundred dollar rebate!


That's a thing that happens now. Okay, and so that's... (Travis elbows the set, which makes a loud thump noise)


Oh, the filter? The censer?


Do they get stored in some sort of locker or something?


Yes, focus it on one side of the tower. Both on the same side.


We're diving down into the volcano, forging some trammels.


(whispers) Should we do something?


I can control it as much as I want.


I have no idea. I'm racking my brain and wishing I had access to a library.


Well, I would always hope that in somebody, but at least the time spent with him that we have, it doesn't seem that that's his path.


Put it back, or I'll--


Gross, but okay, go ahead.


Maybe a late lunch, carb up, and then let's fucking--


Kind of a moot point at this moment.


That's a d10.


So you have heard of us.


I am of course reminded of the giant roc. Is it the same shape?


Everything at the walls. Anything hiding.


No, no, I'm fine, I'm fine.


Can we get up in the trees?


Yeah, it was pretty good.


Yeah, it's only 20. Then I'm going to use Cure Wounds. Is it touch?


It's fine, I'm seven.


Yeah, 20!


Wait, with his keen sense of smell-- Okay. 17 plus-- what does he add to it? Anything?


All the elements are there.


He said a familiar creature.


Towards you.


If we make this deal, does it come with a regular healing potion inside of it, maybe?


Round of applause. Subscriptions have been awesome. And as such, we have a winner for these evening's event. Hi, Tiberius.


She's fiery as well, it seems.


For 24 hours.


Angelina.


Can we start a pool about which animal dies first?


You're six-four?


The Earth Ashari are super into the hookah. It's really nice, yeah.


And every round after that. One hundred percent. (laughter)


Thank you so much. It was such a bloody delight.


We got it, yeah.


We tell them that they take cover during the night.


Assmanes?


4d4 plus four.


You still have--


Fuck! (as pigeon) High-Richter!


I need to go Whitestone or to Vasselheim.


Hold on, I may have done that wrong. 17 to hit.


We need him alive.


Matt hates everything right now.


Everybody but Keyleth.


Yeah, you're actually... yeah. I don't think you're so far off. There's something weird that's been striking me with Dolan this whole time. He doesn't seem like he really has the tenacity of someone who actually wanted that seat. Maybe he was a pawn this whole time. That guy is kind of a coward.


Okay, okay! [laughter]


IHOB


Then it doesn't hit. Then 26 for the last one.


I mean, how do we transport it?


You destroyed your whole city, Matt.


We were going to buy your soul back for a lot of diamonds.


Did you never see The Incredibles? (laughter)


I love this game.


Oh, I'll show you later. It's inappropriate.


You're drunk. You're real relaxed.


I'll go in with Tiberius.


Yeah but we could--


I'm Percival.


That's so nice.


I had all the shit!


Oh my God.


But I'd have to hop down on the ground.


E-R-I-N-Y-E-S.


So yes. Wear the support on your fingertips.


Well, you have to point it at the thing you want to be boomed.


Um, maybe Dust of Tracelessness behind us so the hag doesn't feel tempted to maybe follow in our footsteps.


Calm down. Not so sexy.


Pike and I are both going to cast Heroes' Feast, so that way we can feast 24 people total.


Let's go find the rest.


No. Let's backtrack to the caved-in tunnel and set up the door.


Sam take one side.


They wiped my poo away.


Shh! (quietly) They could be around! Hey you guys, I could try this thing that I've been wanting to do for a while, which is where I can talk to somebody that is not alive anymore.


Just to clarify.


Matt's got to be using Botox, because he didn't move! (laughter)


I know where it's going, okay. So we saw the door shut. That's where he is, let's go.


Casting-- no, not yet. 13.


I'm going to try to see if there's a vital that I can get to anywhere. How much bigger than me is he?


She's still alive.


Great, and I will use Booming Blade to make a melee attack against him.


Why does it have no effect?


They take the same amount unless they make--


Why did we leave you on watch? You can't see in the dark!


It says I can cause minor tremors.


And I show them the ring of Asmodeus.


Okay. That'll do.


How much power does he get from that eye?


What if the things inside take the damage even if they are in the Bag of Holding?


I'm going to hold my action until something's within striking distance.


No, we know an entrance to the Feywild in the Frostweald.


Oh, they saw us.


Yeah, and Beauregard is the family name.


Far, far away. I'm from far, far away.


Yep. Pike and I are in agreement.


So the spell probably started around 11.


Can you scoop out all the mud in that fucking hole that just tried to kill us?


I feel like we are learning a lot about you right now, and not from you. Are we alone? [laughter]


Because it's a ranged attack.


And I hand it out. (laughter)


Worse. Five.


Yeah, I want one of each. Pack of each.


I put down two silver.


Yeah, he goes to the other side.


-- have cajoled her into playing Airship. You know, when, so-- we used to do this as kids--


You two, right?


That's the winner! (laughter)


Why don’t we just go left?


Chick ah, chick ah.


So it's going to be that sort of evening, excellent.


And we know that there's a guard and a dog out there.


Yeah. I'm also going to spend my bonus action for second wind, because fuck. So that's 19 points that I gain back.


You don't have Healing Word or anything anymore?


I've watched you pass through solid stone and earth. How long can you do that for?


There's parts of it that he likes.


Nine points of cold damage.


All right, let's get this TPK moving. [cheering]


If you do enough damage to it, it may vomit them out.


That was a seven. That wasn't a one. That was a seven and a four.


Oh, you're taking the DM chair.


Pike, that was incredible.


Natural 20 to the gooch.


And the tunnel's rising steadily upwards?


Let's start making our way down there, and I can't believe I'm going to say this, but we'll have Vax scout ahead.


I mean, I can try and Hold Person him again. Do we want to do that? I can Hold Person him again.


Fancy Feast is way better.


Because we're a bunch of slap-dicks, that's why!


Yeah. Am I able to move back down closer to Scanlan?


In cold water?


No! Don't do it!


You guys did come to save us, though. Thank you, really.


(raspy voice) Hey, come on, let's go.


This seems like a plan C to me. Convincing a giant killing machine to step into a nice house seems like it's a desperate plan of people without anything at all.


That crystal looks really appetizing, and I want it.


Right. It's a good idea, but I think we need to figure out what we're doing first.


I redact that, actually. Is it possible-- I'm at least standing next to him, right?


Since I saw them go up, I'm going to swim forward to where I saw them disappear, and seeing the grate gone, I'm going to come back out and make my way up towards the boat to let them know they made it through.


Well, what does it do, because how much is it worth?


The best lay ever. (laughter)


My Gust of Wind lasts up to one minute, by the way, so I can keep--


Maybe a little bit of breathing room, and then, yeah.


Oh shit, three of them. That's a 24.


We're all a bunch of assholes!


I use the Flametongue dagger.


You could rid him of that, I hear sleeves are...


He's a liar. He's a lying liar.


We're total fake geeks, all of us. (all laugh)


It's going to take two hours to get up the tower?


Well, do you want to kill them, or save them for riding on?


What are you asking her?


Oh. So we can stop there first?


Indeed we have. We have a Tabletop Promo Day kit to give away, because you guys got the 50 subs since we started today.


I'll go upstairs with Percy.


No, he just fails if on a fail--


I can do some cleanup. (laughter)


Yes. How does it work with gnomes?


Yeah, what would we like to do?


So let's see, 1d8 plus spell damage. Wait, so I'm gonna do it at fourth level, so that means I can roll how many times?


Maybe we should split up into eight groups.


So woked.


Undead icy zombies?


No. We're not going to share amigos. We are the amigos.


(shouting) Come on you, motherfuckers! Get ready to fire!


You have the hit points of a kitten right now.


And two hours ago, I started stealthing and taking the lead. When we're in the dark.


Much obliged.


(loud whisper) Can I have a pencil?


We've got the MVP over here.


I have not, I'm sorry. Is Antlers okay over here?


Wait, is Percy still riding?


And then make sure he doesn't lose me in the woods or something, okay?


Are we going?


Okay, then 18.


I don't know. What do I roll for a--


No. I mean the civilians here.


He's in our posse.


Teacher. Teacher.


I don't know, that's just what I wrote down a year and a half ago.


Oh, he's still down.


Nice. Nice, Percy!


We killed a troll.


And I run at the door and I kick it open and throw at him.


"Calling," at the very least. I thought you would go right there.


Could I do a nature check to see if I would know of a creature that could do this?


You think a song's going to get better than that?


Okay. Here's what you can do. You can laugh, you can cheer, you can scream, you can cry. You can stand up and blow the roof off this place if something cool happens. You can hug your neighbor, and get drunk after the show if something sad happens. And then someone please tweet me the bar that you're at, and I will join you... with Travis Willingham's American Express. Which is currently in my fanny pack. Please do not shout rules. Please do not shout advice. Please do not shout corrections. Please do not shout ideas. Odds are, your idea is probably better that what some of the stuff they're going to come up with is. However, part of the thing that is so endearing about this show is watching these nerdy-ass voice actors figure out how to play Dungeons and Dragons. Isn't it? That's what I love about it. Okay. It's disruptive, and it'll light the community on fire, and we like to keep these live things, but all that being said, please laugh, please cheer. There's going to be so much cool stuff. Oh, I was supposed to throw these out. (cheering)


Just at the doorway?


Okay. So not the injured. Families first. How about that?


Do you have a telescope?


Yeah, that's rad. Luis Archuletta.


Okay, Pike.


Well I didn't do anything, you got me a pile of gold, so thank you.


In your opinion, who's the more dangerous target?


Hey is there any benefit to showing-- I whisper-- is there any benefit to showing Captain Avantika that letter we found that she wrote?


I think you should stick with it, it's awesome.


Fuck. I'm going to run over to this bookcase and put my staff behind it to see if I can knock it over.


I'm going to say  Don't fuck me Gil! Oh, okay. Just a wisdom saving throw? 17.


Ooh, I have an invention idea. Could you build a little gnome chair for either Scanlan or Pike or Wilhand on the back of it?


All eyes up here! It'll be a great show!


I think better together than not.


Yeah, but it's not weapons.


Grog. Go with her.


Beau's hard shell drops.


Saying they were coming for us.


Is that the longest we've ever gone?


Okay. So, we walk back. So, apparently, number one, big party, we don't want to fight them if we don't have to. Secondly, there's some weirdo creature that's gotten loose and is very, very bad and it's killed multiple duergar already.


Let’s just--


Get down.


I will do one more. I hope it works. I'll recite a poem. This little gnomey went to the heavens. This little gnomey wants to go home. This little gnomey is looking for a book. This little gnomey is trusting Ioun. This little gnomey wants to go wee-wee-wee-wee all the way to this tome. (cheering)


With my coat, kind of-ish?


And that was because of Nott.


Okay. Now, is there any chance that any kind of spell that I cast could hurt them, even though we can't see where they are?


You've never had a whisper?


Probably. Beneath us.


Without a perception check, is anybody around, or is it just me?


I can move my guy now.


There's so many people there. It's going to be so much fun.


Sucks.


I'm just saying, I've had some shady friends.


Hey, what's going on?


Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Don't stop fighting for it!


No, I don't. I go upstairs and I'm conversing with the Traveler.


Well, I think I look really good, so as long as it lasts.


Okay. I'm going to hold my symbol of the Traveler.


It's like a dock on a Tuesday morning.


How much of this was orchestrated from the beginning? Were we a distraction for the bigger picture?


Do we see him? Are we walking up? Can we walk up as it's happening?


Hey, Sprigg. Stand over there!


It would be good for microdermabrasion!


I mean, maybe.


Okay. Ready?


Yeah, I think we should at least go down there and take a look.


And I'm like  Grog, look at this, this is awesome! I think I'm channeling you.


She's going to fight me!


Put him in a mocking bag, Molly!


I'm focusing, obviously, on the rock slide that you just described.


Electric eels. We are electric eels.


Are people just too lazy to use their mouths?


Pools of Wittebak?


Let me check for traps on the smaller one.


I was just telling stories in my head again.


I don't have a lot of time. They really are my favorite thing.


This was a great plan.


No, we're leaving in the morning though, at dawn.


We're playing Pike.


Right on the nip.


425 times 6...


You're right, I'm going to back up and be like, this sucks!


Do you want credit for dropping off a hand?


Not where I might hurt Vax.


I did it in a minute.


Anything in my hands?


Hindsight advantage.


Oh! Natural 18. 23? Wait, no. 24!


A word bird.


King Bertrand?


It seems like it's Marianas Trench levels. Seems like--


I don't know. It's hard to read you.


Don't worry. You got backup in about five minutes. (laughter)


Gnome parties.


Good, oh!


I would have had to roll a 20, I bet.


I give him a kiss.


Jester said she's riding in the cart.


Do I have to step in the water?


He really, really doesn't.


Regular, because I've just got two left so we'll see how regular does.


From the research facility?


And I can also theoretically turn into a wolf to help us find things.


We can count on her to be duplicitous. We gather forces; we take out Thordak. We'll figure out how we're going to do it. We're not saying throw every spaghetti at the wall. We figure that out. Then we talk about the real enemy.


Like what? Like, you would have gone dark Pike or something?


Oh, I've heard of gricks. They're really fast.


I like how excited you are about this.


Sorry, are you all right? Your head's okay?


I take the river flow, where the water's flow is coming out of this waterfall--


I could limber up, sure.


They do that.


Fuck me. Okay. All righty. I'm going to fly up to Scanlan, and I'm going to cast Cure Wounds at 4th-level. That's 4d8 plus my wisdom. Oh, that's good! 14, 21, 27. 27 plus three. 30 points healed!


And that's 11 points of damage.


Kaylie, that was some fine playing. I might have a tip or two about breath control.


With your eyes closed!


Wait, right or left?


Where are all my friends? Bullshit!


I think that would be better for everyone involved.


You're in a very fabulous purple coat right now.


To be fair, I tried. Those fairies are shifty little shits.


That's on you, internet.


Yeah, he's in Zadash! Do you want to go see him?


I'm Sharpshooter, so only full cover affects my attacks.


He's muttering.


We'll update you soon.


Yeah. You're welcome.


Was he weak to anything that we remember?


Fick dish?


Nobody touches my man-wife. (group laughs)


Okay, I'll pull out my quill.


I'm showing them through the basics of loading the powder. I do this very quickly, so I know it's very difficult to see.


The fuck is that?


So, my story, just so, you know, I can really commit to this.


You know, honestly, I don't think I've had enough experience to have an opinion on that. I'm a good gardener.


Controlled lightning?


Cover for me. I'm gonna drop down and do a Commune With Nature.


Which is our first house that we're attacking?


As, as we're digging in the corner, I say, I thought maybe coming back here I might like this city a little bit better, and I was fucking wrong.


Can I make it Imax?


We just traveled about a half-mile?


The cages are invisible, or whatever's in the tarp is invisible?


I don't know what I'm gonna need today. It's 2d4 plus five.


Yeah. Okay. I think I want to turn over this sword, but would you stay with me?


Can I check him to see if he is telling the truth? 22.


(whispering) Band?


Thanks for coming.


Jump in the lava?


No, there's actually things that can be done in Vasselheim.


Or should we wait? I really want the money.


And that's it? Bonus action, right?


Yeah, keeping an ear out for the wolves and just chilling in a tree.


Yep. The Wand of Fireballs again.


There's a couple under the ice over there. Now, I was invisible so I don't--


Although, he's a physician. So he might try to, you know, check. And I think, up to touch, it falls apart.


And a really good tattoo artist.


I will now start unloading into his body.


Do I? If I feel the dwarf next to me, I would use a free hand to jam some licorice back into my mouth and start chewing furiously, anxiously. I'm so scared of everything. And cast Haste again, into the dwarf.


Taliesin, what's the old fashioned word for the guy who does the hide stuff?


Whatever makes you feel comfortable.


I don't think your winks will work on her.


(record scratching) Remix!


She spoke to me, Vex. Vex'ahlia.


Because it's all covered in fog?


(laughing nervously) We're going to be fine.


And with a $3 discount, if you multiply that by 12, that's like getting a free Crate every year. I'm just making that up.


It all makes sense now.


Well, you know, all told, I think that went very well. It could've been worse; they attacked us, unprovoked. I know that we were not exactly normal-seeming to them, but we did not get threatening with them. They made the first move, and it just unraveled from there, what can you do? Sometimes, you just have to follow the cabbages in front of you.


She's not here. It's just the two of us.


I'm in love. What?


She's druish.


Why? Why pull us away from her if you had no love? We would have been happy with her.


Because I feel like we have a kinship, I take my foot and I throw it right up into his grundle, just soccer-kick the shit out of his nuts. (laughter)


This is radiant damage again! That's five?


Can I give a plus ten? War God's Blessing?


Yeah, you guys real stealthy, so--


At the end of this conversation I'm going to rip off a piece of the scroll of telescription and I'm going to approach.


Usually.


Oh, I didn't say perception, shit balls.


So you want me to heat the platinum and then shove into the guy's face?


Through a gate.


Yeah. I mean, I'm looking over the edge like this.


They have to be out of line of sight. If they can see there's me on the boat--


They're peppered in between. The beauty of that is you're not sure which ones are true and which ones aren't! They're back and forth. The bees are true.


No, we should just keep going. If we're going to run into it, we're going to run into it. Let's not find it.


Bear is with Grog.


Yeah, I just take a quick look at it.


I'm staying 30 feet back and attempting a stealth check. That's cocked. That's better. That's (counting) 12.


Oh! May I start a tab? No? Fine. Then I give, shit. (mutters) How much do I owe?


Well, that's balls. Ten.


Fjord's angry marble in his chest.


Can you stand near the bear?


Let's go, slaves! I'm sorry, equals, peers, let's go!


Are you going to go for it?


And they're all critical?


A laser pointer! There you go. So it's a 40-foot radius. Starting where Briarwood is.


Let me go one more. That's good. Then can I reach in my bag and grab out, in my little pouch, grab out a handful out of my 1,000 ball bearings?


I'm sure they have truesight. Vecna's a god. Of course he can see everything.


No, that is not a thing that is happening. You could ask Beauregard. That's not going to happen.


(sing) We're up all night in the dark.


Oh, Scanlan! We've been so long without you, I forgot we had it!


Have you ever danced, Caleb?


Yeah, shoot me with an arrow!


First dagger to strike does 88.


I'd like to do an investigation on his-- oh yes! I rolled a 21.


For my second attack, I'm going to shoot him with one of my dragon arrows. Should I waste it on him?


I was cool until the strap came in.


Okay, I can make a wall behind us or something.


"Oh, you want this seafaring knowledge? What can you give me?"


Not quite yet.


Percy, buddy. You are a married man.


Well, you know what they say. Wait, no. Don't.


We're going to get weird, right? All right.


That makes so much sense, though, that it's not. (laughter)


Oh wait, no, that's a seven. These dice are horrible. Anyway, it doesn't matter. It's bad.


Tinkertop.


Or they're dragging his body.


I don't think we have any bonus actions. Oh, are there any healing potions that I can use my Telekinesis to get a healing potion to me?


Well, that's not a bad idea, but it means we've got to sit in this stank.


--like a Red Dawn thing? (laughing) We dug a hole, and then we got in the hole--


Nott and I meet the rest of them.


I throw up my wall and turn around and I say: What's coming?! Tell us! You know what's coming. What's coming?!


They need us back.


Also, little girls don't tend to tell people they're little girls.


Robin, the man wonder.


What are we talking about?


-- and my regular modifier is plus six.


I'll get it.


Disintegrate beam, straight on.


Any Critters who are on the playa with these guys, they will take off their clothes if you ask them.


There's no need for us to relocate now.


I just wanted you to talk to me for a little bit. Vax, take it away.


(inhales) You know it's not my strongest suit, and I recognize this.


Gators. Giant ones.


(screaming in panic)


Two days ago.


18 on the second hit.


Yeah, sure. It's there.


A warm fire! And I run-- no. (laughter)


There is actually a d3 that has two ones, two twos, and two threes.


Closing messages before you guys go, too.


Definitely put that on the list.


With not a lot of people on the deck paying attention, hopefully, can I reach over the side and dip the tip of the sword into the ocean?


Balls tits mother-bitch, I love dogs and poop. (laughter)


(skittering)


A lot to unpack here.


It's not.


Okay. Heading home works.


They're vulnerable to thunder damage, anything vibrate-y, because rocks.


And I rolled a nine.


It's very extreme. It's very extreme.


Yes, Kashaw.


We have to talk about your diet.


Oh, this is what happened to Grog!


Split the party.


I can trust you.


Yeah, I already know this math. (laughter)


A perception check?


Yes. We're making our way to the Pillow Trove. That's all.


Braum. So, Braum. Where're you from?


You said a silver per person?


Check them for traps.


Would that come from them, you think?


Can I toss one of the pebbles at a cluster of--?


What's your save? What did you roll?


(fart sound) That'd be great every time. (fart sound) Oh no.


All right, just on the count of three.


He says he can't hear you over the comm.


Rock out. Go for it.


Yeah. Here's ten copper for Molly and me.


How are you going to get Doty home?


Look at all these dice that fucked me tonight!


She's still in set makeup!


Okay. It puts us in the wrong side of the city, but it's okay.


Matthew Mercer. How do you want to do this?


And I'll bonus action hide, just behind that little--


I'm going to gather in and keep an eye out before I come back into visual-- I'm about to become visible again.


Love his hands.


All right. I'm going to just play my ward Robin.


You're writing the best children's book ever.


And we saw the crest before because there was a doorway in the outer wall.


We're on the goblin side, now?


Maybe we should just kill her now and take the stuff.


So you and me go up, sneak attack, fall back and let somebody run in and take it out. Yeah?


I didn't try to hide it.


I'm like those boobies, that crash land when they fall.


And you still have my buff.


Silver Falls.


All right, so I'm cutting him totally loose and I'm going to lift him away. Whatever you'll let me do. Action, action, bonus action, right, and movement to get there.


Why are you lying to me, Grog?


Turn it off.


I did? Okay, okay.


Why are you guys going?


Bugs and bugs and bugs and bugs-- I cast black light!


I mean, we do have dragon scales. We do have a fuck-ton of dragon scales.


How did that happen?


No, I thought that was the higher one.


Scary ghouly creatures.


They are quite beautiful. We're travelers here. I've never seen a neighborhood like this. Is there a festival going on here, or is this pretty much the basic fare of the day here?


I'm sorry, I think you mean--


I'm gonna do a Batman card. Robin, do you have Poison Ivy?


I'll take number three!


You're going to be blinging out; we got to get it!


As high as I can get to get out of its range.


My apologies. He is hitting me really, really hard.


Oh, I thought it was infinite.


It was super cool.


Aw man that's that Fjord edge right there.


Are you taking a selfie with the iPad?


No, the one we came from.


I meant where we are. Are we in pitch black?


You did it!


Guys. Riveting. And exhausting. Are you guys tired?


(mimics music)


Thank you. I drew a picture. So that shit happened.


Thrown from a distance.


Oh, no. It's a 13.


Hey Caleb. I took Frumpkin and I threw him overboard to go spy on things. If you do that thing where you get all hazy, we might see shit. Don't do it right now! Wait till we're on the-- yeah.


Okay, good. I'm looking for a door!


I don't know if all of us--


I don't know how long we might be staying in town, so maybe we should go ahead and talk about that deal while we're here?


Yeah, there's definitely-- all the links are on geekandsundry.com.


I read most of it and then I just threw the book away.


Ooh, then look at the ring that I want!


Yeah, that's 4d10.


All I see is a hallway and a swarm of bees?


I got ten temporary hit points at second level, so he takes eight points of cold damage.


What about those who might be uncomfortable with toying around with my memories and tramping along around in my head, I don't really want --


Please be a one. Please be a one. Please be a one.


We throw the signal to the sky and go up this tunnel.


Goddamn it. 11.


I'll seal the other one.


No, no, no, I can't do it?


No, I can just drop--


You're a big reader or just Samuel?


I'm good!


Oh, busted.


I don't even know how to interpret this kind of input, god. First of all, I want to see how many people are in these boats coming in, are they--


I'm going to show you a really weird birthmark, don't panic.


Yeah, I feel like I'm going to cry too.


All six of you fight?


I'm telling you, it's all happening you guys! That is nine points of damage.


I'm okay, I just need a second. (whispering) What's going on?


How far am I from the camp?


A horizontal wall?


(laughs) That is a 14.


Flank that Yasha enemy! (pigeon coos)


He won't answer you. Doty, did anyone witness your crime?


He's a firbolg, yeah, but... Hey, Mr. Clay? I'm going to shoot Beau with my crossbow.


If I succeed. Fuck yes!


I mean, eyeballs. We all have two. There's a lot of eyeballs around. Just saying things have eyes.


It is a fable.


Oh, I'm wearing a Loot Crate shirt right now. No, from this month's Loot Crate--


17 points of--


(whispering) Yes! Yes! Yes!


No, the order ledger.


(laughs) Ohhh.


We should not go back out there.


When else are you going to use that?


We solved the mystery.


Oh, I see how this could work out poorly.


I want you back in my friend's life, but I'm sorry, I do not trust you. And I and the others will be watching.


Okay, I'm going to Sunbeam him again.


Have you not noticed?


Can I get out of it if I'm buried in soil, though?


That's true, too.


Hello. I'd like to share the news of our Lord and Savior: my axe in your face!


(as Fjord) "Yeah, that sounds great!" (as Taliesin) Never mind. (as Fjord) "Yep. Well. Great. Yep"


Have you named the weasel yet?


Who's been on a ship. And Pike--


Does decimate mean that 1/10 survived? Or that only 10% died? I can never remember which one decimated is. I know it's one of the two.


But they do know about the up. He said there was a face.


I like waiting until they camp and coming in at night.


That's pretty nice.


Or is it all water?


That is, in fact, hot sauce. I’m going to empty out my canteen into the fire.


Right. What else have we got?


Oh. 18.


And what do we do with him?


I'll take up the rears.


Couple of tanks up in here.


Can you transport items with it?


One more? 12 plus what? Six? 12 plus six. 18.


I don't think Doty can go in there, it's only for living creatures. I can try. Get in, Doty.


He's out of legendaries.


You're going down there? Don't go down there, Caduceus.


Our hero is right over here.


She's got poisonous arrows!


Chicken and waffles, perhaps?


That is a big bean.


This time you can see.


That doesn't seem right.


Let's just put it down quietly.


I mean, the Heroes' Feast would have worked.


I play Reverse-Flash. What's his name?


The rest of them to help the other-- We tell them they need help down below, in the cavern where we murdered everybody. You're Odell. Viscon might be one of them. Send them down there to see if there's a problem, then cave them in when they all go.


(maniacal laugh)


It's a whole other plane.


Yes, I have. I spend my life just playing games. It's my livelihood. I've won many things over the years. In fact, all of these great people, large and small next to me, I won in various card games around the planes. That one over there, the big one, I won him in a game of Gin Rummy in the Feywild. This guy I picked up in a game of Fish. I'm here to collect, possibly, one of your items, if that's all right with you?


And then he moves. He ducks back behind there. Yeah, just peeking out a little so he can see where Bigby's Hand is.


(singing) Must be nice.


You've got me.


Oh good, more darkness.


Can I pleasure myself?


So, I could throw Scanlan over.


Pike is super strong, she's a monstah!


Okay, watch out for that warm air, whatever that was.


Can we see anything?


Holy shit. I thought this was for your opening gag.


Vex, Vex, let's do the Daylight. Red alert, red alert, Daylight! Taryon, dig up the lodestone immediately--


I have little potpourri bags in almost everything I own.


Yeah. Where's Frumpkin right now?


Jester, like all beautiful women, succumbed to the cube.


While they've been sleeping, I took my axe--


Okay, so I would like to rage, and then--


"LIAM EATS FARTS!" That's right, it's right here. I have a few hundred gold.


They did.


You just touched his tail.


(slurring) Not very good.


Uvenda.


Yes, Nila!


Using our expert flying skills, we're going to fly by the window and do one of these, and check out the Berenstain Bears and then run.


No, why don't we say, are you a person?


Scottish. (laughter)


You could hear the thought burst forth Don't forget about it!


That's fantastic. Oh, I know what we were gonna ask you.


(whispering) We're on our way.


No! I'm drinking again.


Are we all? We're not all rolling, just--


(strained) Fabulous.


Well, how big is this prison--


I speak Primordial.


Oh no. We're going to scry on Hotis.


Yeah, like what you see, don't you?


I will try the door.


You could do two Spiritual Weapons if you're feeling it.


Do you know what's amazing, Sovereign, is that Vex'ahlia and Percival were just talking earlier today and they promised each other to match whatever you offered this boy, and I am amazed at their generosity and kindness--


I feel funny. What happened?


Oh, you can?


Overlord overlord.


What happens if we say no to that?


But you can't Tree Stride today, can you?


Is it like a half-dead forest? Like a--


I want to try and aim it to where it sounds like there's a commotion happening at this front door to draw people this way and not at the back.


Really? And how often does she come by?


I also spit in your eye so it starts to water.


He says to stop!


I think these goggles are like polarized. It's real cool. He's got a thick band of tattoos, sorry.


Well, I mean, if you'll have me.


Wait, wait. I want to--


We got a ship!


It's just so much, you guys, it's just so much.


Oh man, we should have tried to go through that teleportation circle.


Yep. Let's go.


I need one more. Great. Okay. Whoa, what the hell is that one? Ah, shit! What are these? I can never add d4.


I know, I was thinking that.


Thanks, Matt. That was amazing.


They do burrow.


Okay, I'm gonna slowly start making my way, just maybe a few feet down, and I'm going to shoot those two people who are on the very edge. Both of them in the back.


We can be misty animals?


Lady Kima, I only hope you do not eventually become what you fear so much. Good night.


Three-zero?


Do you still keep the blood vials that you--


We didn't look anything alike, but yeah she was very nice.


They didn't know it, though.


Just missed it.


That's just old. (laughter)


I think that the chances of finding it on the big island are greater, yes.


I'm going to work on that little project.


Good instinct, what do you think?


And said it was me? No--


Oh, the house that sponsors The Iron Shepherds.


Soon it will be creeping across my face.


No, we did not. I've heard of goblins hanging out with ogres before, and I don't think they're too dissimilar. But we didn't.


Let's take a rest.


18 plus four.


Oh, jeez. Who all is within five feet of it? Is everybody within five feet of it?


Motherfuck. Oh, you know, like 11.


It looks like somebody was very nice to you the night before, over and over again.


We better get $100,000 from Ford for that one. We better fucking get that.


We've been feeling around the air.


We should probably just finish.


Or cut and run, like you said.


No! Then they all get advantages against you again.


I make eye contact with the woman as I say it.


I look over my shoulder at Keyleth like a dumb schmuck for a second, and then back at the salamander.


Oh, I'm very curious about it. I would like very much to see if she's willing to sell it or part with it somehow.


You have been having--


I go back to a little dark corner and I pull out the Scrying Eye.


Fuck you, couch!


No, she doesn't say that. She says, "Yes, I'm very cute," a lot.


Okay and that's got an auto push, I think, or do I have to roll for push?


It will deafen the creature.


Turst Fields is just northeast of Westruun.


Halved. Is it halved? Wait, what?


Him and Tom Hanks.


So we should all be cows.


So that gives me a three and a--


(huffs) What are we looking at?


How pretty! Last episode was so ugly, and this episode's so pretty.


Can you hear me at all?


Oh, I did get a-- I didn't add my spell attack bonus! Should I have done that?


Pish-posh.


Did that use up all of the boar meat? Or am I down to like a quarter of a boar meat now?


And then the second one. This is so new and exciting. And 12 for the second.


Okay. What?


No, we're talking about convincing a dragon to go fight this dragon that would clearly kill it.


I have darkvision, 60 feet.


While everyone is getting ready, I wait for a moment when Fjord is on his own and everyone is busy, walk over. This group seems rough around the edges, but you seem clever. Hopefully we can make this work.


Ah, Grog pranked again!


Some of those are good. Plus six, so that's 14, 16, 18, 19. Another nine, around another-- 29.


It feels great.


It just means we knock her unconscious as opposed to killing her when we get there. It will be fun. Let's do this.


That's just the way it is, my friend. Been a pleasure.


Or you could. I don't want to rob you of the joy of climbing a good tree.


Both episodes.


So can I.


Manager of the ship. Like the office manager, right? Keeps it running?


Roll for Marishative.


I've been watching you.


Just looks like a bunch of old crap, to be honest.


Oh, Scanlan. You've just missed Pike!


21 for me, and what do I-- just nothing. 19 for Trinket.


Oh, they were both pouring it on pretty thick.


No, Nott, no!


It'll match the rest of the city, Scanlan.


Oof!


I am not setting foot in that temple quite yet.


Let's go talk to the old prisoner.


Wait, is in where? Rexxentrum?


The dock's on fire, for crying out loud.


I was examining and I've got four vials of acid.


Who's it getting? My cat?! You motherfucker! (screaming and laughter)


I walk up and I -


I hope we passed the test.


Ooh, not as good. 11.


I'd like to, very much, but I don't know how. We can't just barge in there and break someone out of jail. We're known people.


We can rest in shifts.


I feel like The Grudge Gang might have ties to the Iron Shepherds or at least an inside man.


Five of them get 100 gold a month and two of them get 50 gold a month. I don't remember why or who, but that's how-- I think the guards get 100 and the cooks get 50, or something?


I didn't say it out loud, I just thought it.


Can you feel this? Slap!


And she's great with money, and-- Oh look, she's back!


You know the thing about it for us is, we can go--


Can I just fly over and land?


Of course. He's already climbing up her shoulder.


Running up to the center tunnel.


It's a concentration thing. So, as long as I can keep it up.


You just love it.


Once he's tired out--


I think you're right. You know what else?


I did, I wrote it down for her and handed to her.


(whispers) Uk'otoa.


I hope that it slowly becomes a forest underground.


Since this weekend is the 24-hour Nerdist Extra Life stream, starting next week we'll go back to 826LA and get those donations rolling back in for 826--


I don't see how I could possibly help with this.


That was the third spell, by the way. Detect Good and Evil.


Hi, Scanlan here, hi.


Is that a thing?


Yeah. Oh. No polymorph.


Let’s put it behind the skeleton. If I came down here, I’d look in the crates. It’s the first thing I’d do.


How about layaway?


Woohoo! Okay, second attack; not as good, 12.


No, it's Caleb.


Caleb, where are you going to be?


You are. You are. We should go to a silhouette artist after this and get something drawn for this.


Let's make it 150.


We were part of this commotion last night. We were wondering if you need a hand with anything right now?


We're both prone, does that mean that we're in combat, or can I walk away from it and it doesn't--


I figure we should stay in all four for a couple of days.


What's all this action down here?


Am I? Fuck. All right, keep going.


(singing) Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Travis! Happy birthday to you!


You've been challenged. You've been challenged. But I definitely want to do that to always have with me a little memory from this last year. I really honestly can't tell you guys how much this year meant to me and I want to make sure that I will never forget, even if my brain starts to fall away. I'll be like, oh look, Travis's--


A storm three hundred years ago near an island of glass. Anyone know about the island of glass?


Doesn't matter, as long as I have-- partial cover, it don't matter.


Caleb scoops Nott up out of the cart that she's in, and we watch from a distance.


Maybe the lesson was for us. I'm not sure.


Yep, yep. 1d6.


Fuck yeah! Take me cow-tipping, son! Woo!


(foomph) Lights floating around.


My staff?


Look who's here!


Let it happen.


Oh no, we suck at this.


Never stop.


All right, cool, I'm going to hold on to the Pelor one. Pass them back.


I can't tell what happened; Grog went to save you.


Maybe we can at least find him, stake him out, and then we'll rest.


Can I take JB and ask her, did you happen to see my home on the tour?


Oh. Surprise! We were trying not to tell anyone our plan.


Baked beans. Tell me there's baked beans!


He has great shirts.


My invoked Jester is going to run around and stand next to Fjord.


Okay, miss.


No, no, this isn't war.


Allow me to play tiefling's advocate. If we leave now and allow the Clasp to take hold and form some sort of new shadow government, without us having any part in it, it's out of our control completely. It won't be in our control at all. But maybe if we speak to them now, we'll have a better idea of what's going on. I'm not sold on any idea yet, but if we leave now and let things play out, it's entirely out of our hands.


Crappy, and then back into something awesome.


You're a beholder, do you get legendary actions and resistances and shit?


Okay. And I'm going to grab onto him and I'm going to turn to Yasha and I'm going to say, Help me, and I'm going to pull when she gets up to it.


You don't want to scratch the name off the barrel?


The ones in captivity?


Hey, man, you do you.


Does it still hurt?


There's a little zombie poo on it.


There you go Grog. You need those.


About one block, guys, come on. Leading the way.


We didn't even realize that was an option.


We've come back.


Well, I mean, not that you're already really super dangerous-looking, but maybe you could like, menace it up a little bit?


Many years ago. Many years ago. I've lived here-- I've lived here a lifetime at this point.


You would have been fine.


Okay. As we go into our room, I say to Caleb It's not really haunted, is it?


It's in the-- wait, no, the book's in the bag.


I thought we were on a timetable to get these things done for the Gentleman.


It's like Comic Con all over again.


Okay, still 23.


Are we tunneling through this entire city?


No, but I can’t do anything.


If you've ever had fluffernutter, that's about the flavor of it.


I'm going to see if I can hop back up out of-- am I ever getting out of melee, or am I not getting out of melee?


At least one basic truth.


Do you want it very far away?


Yeah. But I mean, can't we just Alter Selves into little bugs or something, and get in behind him? Surprise him?


No, she had it out in her hand. She couldn't give it to me.


They do have a spike.


That's where they got that shit.


It says "How do you want to do this?"


(hacking spit) And start flying.


I hold up Scanlan's hands and then I hold up my hands behind them so that all 20 fingers are waggling. Grog, are there more than this many in your herd?


Half the 16, right?


I'm going to stay in my little cubby hole. I've got some good visual on a couple of these guys down here. I'm going to yell at everybody to get the fuck away from the ball. I'm going to hold my attack until something happens that's going to give me something to shoot at.


That's really clever. Why would you even think that?


One big purple feather.


I revert back.


(roars) So I'm going to do my bite attack. And I get to add this?


Or a bean.


You don't have any holy abilities, by any chance?


The Alter Self coin, does that take an action or is that--


Not good. Strength?


I got one too. My brother who also works in video games gave a talk at GVC this year, and it just went online, and not now but later you should watch Alex Jaffe's talk on metagame balancing. It's really really fun, it's fabulous, and you learn a lot.


Oh, of course it is! Does that sound normal to us?


She gets a lot of things in gold and stuff and so she says that lead looks very different from that and she thinks it's pretty.


Okay. Are you ever going to use that paint?


I get to the top of the ceiling.


We've got to teach you some slang, buddy. You've got to learn some slang.


Golf clap.


This is like sorting out a check at the end of a meal.


And Fen-wraths? What's the name?


Try and sleep through the night.


Right. So you have to provide food for everybody living in the city? Is that how that goes?


Like, how many on two hands?


Will it hit the protective thing, as well as the people on the ceiling?


Yeah, the booby. The big pile of poo-looking thing.


I'm missing it, hurry up! (all laugh)


All over again. Nope. Don't say it.


That's expensive.


I think chances are very low.


That's wonderful.


It's a couple days.


Yes! Rage!


Stone cold.


20, 20, 20.


Does it change color when it loses its power?


Looking it up.


I was hugging!


Whoa. 28.


Wow. Two 20s, two ones so far.


We would probably have to dismantle a bunch of them.


I feel like The Gentleman probably works with the city, you guys.


He's just waiting to see what's going on.


Let's avoid all Lords.


They're holding it for you.


Orchid.


Ohh.


Bu-bu-bu-bu-blam, gutshot! (all laugh)


And then leave a little slack for Garmelie at the end.


We appreciate that. Hopefully, there won't be another call to action while they're here, but you can count on us if there is.


Thank you for saving us all. I don't really have a whole lot to say, I care for you a lot and I wanted to let you know that.


What all do you want us getting out of that house?


Mine is functional!


No, it's okay, you don't have to say it back.


Ooh! That's all I need to know. (laughter)


You're so grappled again, aren't you?


Two squares. Uh... I can't see shit.


Balls. Five.


We have so much stuff we want to do for you guys. We have grand plans.


That's a good number.


How much are you short? She's 22 short?


Okay, so second one. Natural 20.


Do you think Mending would help fix that, or would it make the piece of paper come together?


Got to do it. Down the hall to the right chamber. This now I know that I didn't have to go down that other hallway, the first one, because that's already met up here, right?


I could try casting Greater Restoration on the sword.


Of course. I've got a lot of booty that I need to stow.


Oh shit, hide! Hide under the table!


Noticing that we're totally alone, silently tug Keyleth down after them.


Very sweet, see? I am very sweet.


If that makes you feel a little better.


What does Trixie look like?


Oh! Well, we'll take it. I'm swinging the door open and coming in.


That's our Percival.


I wanna move just slightly to my right. Just over there so I can get a clear shot at the oozes.


No, your wisdom.


I guess I just - I'm a little curious on how your relationship with Sarenrae works, because it doesn't necessarily seem like she... is in control of you.


Lucas, did you switch over?


I think she's right.


(poof, poof) Don't mind that.


I vault over Keyleth--


I make it up to where those guys are.


Why do you keep putting your foot up near me? (all laugh)


(sing with the battle music)


I think he knows it's super powerful magic anyway and he doesn't give a shit and he's taking it anyway.


We'll snuggle.


Steal an airship on your way back.


We have a bit of a roving blind spot here that we could use.


We'll finish this and I'll give it a few hours for the sun to go down so that I can actually figure out what direction the inn is facing.


Take you to a goth club.


You know, it's interesting, Percy, I've always looked at you and I as that opposites-attract conundrum. As my best friend, I feel like you are always the natural born leader who has been running away from it ever since I met you, and I'm the one who's not as naturally gifted, but is racing towards it faster than--


You and Fjord, are you like a thing?


I know, I don't think so.


It was. That's true. I would have wanted the--


Hey! Bye-bye!


Yeah. What about you two beefcakes? Can you move these stones out of the way?


Yeah, I've got a flask.


What are you-- what?


I know Laura read that.


She is not.


And is it a 20?


Plus another four.


Amazing. I will use my 30 feet of movement to close to Caleb.


But that's what I mean, too!


Okay, that's seven damage.


I don't know. Didn't that guy that we meet...


The Warrior.


To the side I say to Jester, I say  This does not really fall in with keeping a low profile. We talked about this.


(sings) And I would do anything for love.


We guys. Dwelma is the creepiest and the craziest, she's the half-orc.


The dragon breathed its fire on you?


Haul ass.


These people obviously skin other people alive, okay? They're bad people.


It sounds about as good as I just did. Caleb's not good at accents.


It's a waterfall, oh.


Clarence.


I got appetizers. There you go.


You have plus ten.


An intellect check? Not the thieves' tools?


Well, I'll move the carpet the minimum distance I have to for her to get in range.


Like sap.


I'll go inside and I'll open the door!


I want them to get a little closer anyway. They're all far.


Isn't she behind the door?


We should go after her. 'Cause we're all gonna split up.


Did you give us anything for that? Did we get bonuses or did we just get to hear you sing?


Therapeutic D&D right now.


I'm going to cast Detect Magic as a racial trait, which apparently is a thing you can do.


That's fine. It's 120 miles.


Math is for everybody, guys. Really.


Did you deal with this!? Oh, oh, that's good.


Z, Kash, you all have been by the Loch before, would you know what--


Do whatever you want.


I'm in pursuit of something, and I know what maybe the next couple of steps are, but past that--


I think I needed to hear that. Breathing's hard. (breathing)


Just my penalty for extra damage.


Drink!


I could use some sleep, and I've got a little thing to work on for the moment.


Then a little Kaiju cosplay for Charlie, because we were saying Charlie was a Kaiju level negative three, or something?


Grog, you just punched a cow in the face.


I pick her up by the feet.


I think we destroy the beehive structure at the top.


I'm looking, I'm checking out those stairs too.


Trinket? Trinket tries to--


I have advantage on this.


The Scanlan wood!


But he hasn't.


I do-- to what?


What, say it again?


And that's with disadvantage, too!


We head out.


Yeah, get to the dragon. I'm sorry.


Is it this big?


Which would be you and I before the fight.


Yeah. Desperate times and all that.


And 21.


I'm imagining a bear doing mild calisthenics.


I'm not flying. I can take it off whenever I fucking want!


8d4?


Meanwhile, Whitestone burns. (all laugh)


Oh, okay. Stinking Cloud, can I go through doors, or do I have to see what I'm casting it at?


Don't give him chocolate!


We're safe.


(quietly) But there might be.


My mom called me today, and she's like, "I'm watching you in the WonderCon panel." I was like, oh no. What did I say? (laughter)


Nope. You misheard me, Little Elf Boy, it's Taryon Darrington.


I'm less not-okay than I thought I'd be. I'm worried about Grog.


Shit! I push off, we're flying, we're hovering.


So he's fine.


No, we're stealthing.


And 19 to hit.


Matt, I don't know how we're going to do this. I got to look right at you.


Wait, does this mean--


I just want to make an arcana check.


Way back, okay.


That will be coming here?


You saw the guys who kicked you in the face. They had planned-out moves that were really cool.


We have to get not stinky before we eat, okay?


Yeah, you got any pies or meat or both?


I bear hug her.


She's bleeding all over that thing?


All right, I'm going to climb as high as I can.


Yeah, sorry. It was almost good.


Do I notice Grog looking uncomfortable?


No, I'm the authority on knowing what I want, Beauregard.


Trinket gets up and starts dancing around like he knows what to do, when we say we're performers.


Oh, I do! 35. (yelling)


I flag down Adla.


Feywild?


For science.


We will and in the meantime, I would suggest that we acted like we are as interested and motivated to see this through as her followers. Otherwise, I think we'll stick out.


(sharply inhales) Yeah!


You and me, Grog. We're so loyal to each other.


He's in the Karate Hall of Fame or something like that.


It's a stirge.


I was taken by your obvious beauty, but there's so much more to you than that, I'm sure.


Why have we not made fun of you for that way more throughout the years?


That's how it's done.


Me and Pike, she could be on my shoulders and we could share one cloak.


How did you lose the thing in the first place that you need to get it back?


Away?


With a beret.


Just the target then.


Like a platform like a tomb?


I’m going to finish running up to the West Tower.


Casts just smell like you after a while.


I think that's a good time to close it out. Thank you, everyone, for getting us to that thousand shirts sold.


Well, if we just montage through a beer tour, we'll quickly get to the circus. To the carnival!


Not a rhombus, anything but that.


Do I still get my bonus action?


Yeah, hold on. Are there any barnacles down here I can put in that? Is it fast in the water?


Just like a man.


And saw me play the card. He knew exactly which card was in my hand. And chose the wrong card.


You gained the ability to grow a beard in the afterlife. It's pretty major.


How do you make that weird?


It's crowded inside.


Great. I think I'm within range of Lady Kima? I can inspire her, maybe?


Inspire.


Is what your friends would say if they were there.


It's not good for you, but it's good for us. Fuck them up!


You look lovely, dear.


I'm going to have Trinket run up and I'm going to, fuckin' A, have to disengage, and run the fuck away, 'cause that's all I can do. I'm going to disengage and run as far towards that tree circle as I can.


Oh, and just to do it again since we haven't done it enough, please do check out the Spotify links and the comics. Go to the actual Geek and Sundry website because the more traffic the Geek and Sundry website gets for you guys going there to look at our stuff, the more excited they are to do cool stuff for us, so if you want more of this, definitely go there.


No? It's way cooler than I thought my family ever was. I knew my dad did shady business with lots of shady characters but I never knew-- I assumed he paid off people. I assumed he had friends in high places and people who you'd have to bribe to turn the other cheek, but I never knew that he was in business with them, owing our whole existence to these terrible people, and I don't know what to make of that


How do I say, "I would like some pastries, please?"


I didn't realize you didn't. You did a good job at pretending.


20 feet.


Watch us, au naturel.


No possible-- bottomless.


Misses or hits?


I think it's necessary.


I'll ride the broom. I'm not a climber.


It is so good to see you. We need advice. We need help. There you go. When we fought Vecna, he threw us around like ragdolls. He held us. He did whatever he wanted. Do you have any way, any thing, any suggestion for helping us avoid his grasp again? Because if it went the way it went the last time we are fucked right out of the gate.


Oh, wait. No, it's just a seven. That's bad.


Beat again.


Will you take five gold off of the dust because you like me?


How high are we at this second?


I made up everything in that city, guys.


Take care of her.


What? The orb in Ank'harel? Are we all talking over our headpieces? I think that's what we're doing.


I'm close enough to know.


I'm glad I cast Stoneskin.


It's okay because I don't get my spells back with rests, so that's really good that I used it and everything.


Can you Bigby's-Hand slam down onto the Count?


Should we stay here for the night?


Do we knock?


We might want to consider having a communal ship fund. We'll talk about it later.


We wish to stay.


The hidden entrance to the castle. Instead of using it, I think we should possibly spend the night and get a view of the town, see if there's anything unusual.


Can we take out everything except for--


Fellows! Gather around. She might come back at any moment and we should be here to surround her when she comes back.


It is a bird person.


Fuck all of them!


Natural 20 for initiative, as well.


So I'm just flying around in the dark knocking into things.


Percy, how are you feeling? You know, he seems all right.


Yeah, mm-hmm.


Fighting's more epic when you're flying through the air!


Laura.


Caleb, no!


Beau never does.


That's a-- What am I rolling?


Can he understand us? Can you understand me?


You said this was pretty big.


Oh, okay. Lovely.


I'm never eating Big League Chew again.


Oh, I think that hits. 20 total?


Thankfully, that is not the case. And you are smart, with leaving town.


Zahra. Kashaw.


It's a two-handed weapon. I can't do it.


She's Kiri.


(Grog voice) Right. So. Right so I'm. Ugh, I'm so dead.


It's kind of medicinal.


He's stunned!


Metallic, yeah?


No, I want to break the skull. I want to get rid of the dragons


I wanted to wander over to the statue while Scanlan was dumping.


But the rest of us are normal, right? Because we don't have Alter Self anymore.


Did Laura go to deliver the baby right now?


And they, they, hit their goal almost immediately. They're just now making the game that is going to be shinier because they're climbing higher. But just go take a look, his art style is unmatched, and the game is based, is an RPG based in the JRPGs of our youth, and it's going to be great. Go take a look.


You don't look shady. (strained laughter)


But I do this with my foot. (All laugh.)


I rolled an 18, but I'm going to use Luck. Good. 18 is good.


It's not a shoe! I drop a ring. Wait, did we take a short rest when we were on the boat? We did. It was a short rest on the boat.


Could go on my pinky or something.


You mentioned about having our own mole at one point. Our own inside man.


You're in the air, though.


Oh, and if you're in Denver I will be at-- is it Nan Desu Kan? I'm blanking. I'll be in Denver at Nan Desu Kan, so you can go see me in Denver.


I'm at 20.


I did just a simple visual spell, and we tried to move on, as to not get involved.


When we fake that we're killing her, what if we kill her?


Time to go to jail.


Where are you trying to get to?


At advantage.


Why didn't we think of that?


No, I can remember that. Will we have any trouble finding this place? Will we need a guide? Someone who's possibly been there before? Would that make the journey--


Then what are we going to do with Kiri?


Maybe we could open up a line of credit.


Raishan is the green. Here's the problem with goading Vorugal the white to find and kill Raishan the green. No one knows where Raishan the green is, including Vorugal.


Here's my plan.


Thanks! Thanks, guys. And if you'd like to meet for coffee later I might be available.


Hey, you're inspired.


I love the Farthing's Embrace.


I've only just met you.


The Clovis Concord.


I know it's stitched on--


I don't want to draw too much attention, but I want to be safe.


Come on man, pick it up, pick it up! I just draw my sword and stand on the sidelines, preparing for whatever is about to happen.


Oh shit, it affects the area?


You smell like chicken.


Oh. It's part of the duty.


Do they know how much further the Marduns' keep is?


I just don't know what I'm doing, but I will be back with someone who does.


Yeah. Is there anything I can do to help you right now?


Oh, it's on the shelves, we've been playing it for weeks here!


Oh, Jesus, she's going to kill me right now. (laughter)


All right--


Underneath the ocean.


That's minus the five?


As a smoke monster, wouldn't he hurt his feetsies on the glass?


Beacon of Hope just means it heals the max that a healing spell or a healing potion can do. You don't automatically go to full health.


Yeah, I'm up too. Molly, you want to take next watch?


I don't care to see that.


That's a good thing.


We didn't kill him. We did not kill him. We did not hit him! We did not! (laughter)


So if I move sideways either way I can't hit him?


Yeah. I'm afraid it's like... I don't know, I just feel like somebody's not safe there.


I pick up Clarota. Yeah, why not.


Has it been a minute yet?


How's your homeland?


I look at our little friend up there. I get up a bit. I look at him. Just run! I pull out my gun and I take the two shots, with the reload that I'm allotted, at Ripley.


God, this sucks.


Grog! You're back!


No worries. I scramble up to you and I try to sit in your lap.


Can I use my passive perception?


What is this triangle of? Where the three objects are, or where the three temples are?


And bring it back to life!


Do you use Charlie to clean up the shavings?


You can stand on and move across any liquid surface?


If we stop at Umbrasyl's lair, is there anything we can do to run Grog out like a labrador? I'm worried about him not getting enough playtime in.


Okay, so Patient Defense.


I didn't know you were coming to the carpet, sorry.


Yeah, he usually narrates as he sees.


You are going to judge me for finger motions? Hold on, everybody, stop the game. Laura Bailey just shamed me for a sexual finger motion, at this table, after three and a half motherfucking years! I have seen everything! Resume the game.


A what? Is that like a magic candle?


He's just hanging out next to me on top of a roof?


Within a thousand feet.


Anything we encounter is far easier than what just happened.


Oh Jesus, I like my face.


Okay. You go first. I'll follow you.


Some days you can't get rid of a bomb.


I rolled an 18.


In our possession now. Thirty-one.


Should we say some words or anything?


That's the first we heard that, right?


The blue works. Stick with it, you know.


I have a thought, I have a thought in that direction. When we're ready, I was thinking of basically building what is essentially a giant pressurized mousetrap.


I'll cook up what's there and we'll have a meal.


It's like, heal! Boom! Heal! Boom! Heal! Boom!


You can put your soup in it!


So he's far enough away.


It's been a long night.


Can't get pushed any-- he's still--


Mother bitch, I really need to work on this! Okay.


The Locate Object only lasts ten minutes.


Yes. Lillith told me. I need to see Lillith again.


I've never made money like this.


Caleb, you were not, I don't want to jinx it or anything, but I don't think that you were hit in any of the fights yesterday, were you?


In the mansion.


Do I roll? Does he roll?


Yeah, I imagine when I fought I was like, "Go, hang out."


Yeah. (growls)


I shoot him in the right hand.


Persuasion six, deception two.


If we take most of the gold that came from Westruun, we're a big pack of assholes.


I can. Yeah. Actually.


Yeah, yeah, that's fine, I'll take care of that.


"Man-done."


Okay. So I'm going to Guiding Bolt.


Yeah, I'm not going to survive one round in there. I'm 16 points.


What? Did you lose something? No? You'll lose it now. And I do it again.


Very in-charge.


Does the cloak of Elvenkind look like butt?


I'm not seeing that. I'm going to look in the book. I don't see it.


C'mon, Groggy.


What were those guards’ names? There were so many guards.


I don't think so, at this point.


We can call them back over.


Individual?


In the basement!


Similar name.


I walk over. Hey, are we whispering?


I'm going to go down the chimney.


We recently found you, though.


I'm doing a scan, see if there's any wandering eyes.


You're asking me what I'm saying.


Oh yeah, two. No, 17.


Could you text me the book?


Bolt. Not ball.


Why don't you two misty there, somebody start setting up camp for tonight.


This piece of shit would never replace Scanlan.


What's the attack roll?


Roleplay this, Sam.


Was he the guy that was here tonight?


This symbol does nothing for me. I'm here to soak up damage for you, Pike. Let them hit me in the face.


Yes, Grog, yes.


I'm illusion.


Do you need anything before you go in? Any enhancement of any kind?


It's time to go.


That's the revenge.


Yes. Do we know how much that is?


All those killer whales.


Yes, of course, that's obvious.


Ten. (sighs) 3d10.


Yeah. The boots.


Fuck you, Molly!


I let go, the rope should be coming out of the robe.


Just explosive shat. I'd be, like, kill me now. Kill me now, take it away.


Or just tar or something.


I've hit one of them with Guiding Bolt, and you have advantage against it.


We get there in the day.


We want to increase our odds. As soon as he's blind, I go in for the kill. And then it's on us to deal with what happens after that.


She kept talking about a sacrifice. We can't kill her.


Maybe she has a nametag.


Is Wilhand drunk right now?


I talk to Percy for a second. Percy, while we're alone for a moment, there's something that's been bothering me, and I can't get it out of my head. I thought I'd talk to you about it because I feel-- we're friends, right? We're friends? Are we friends?


Yeah, no, he's prone.


That's what we’re doing! Jesus!


I don't know about the mushroom houses thing, but I've heard some crazy-- they have ragers every night.


Not my proficiency modifier.


Maybe temporary though.


He needed to be motivated!


Pittsburgh.


Watch out for poo rats!


Okay, I'm down for this.


Everybody, your attention please! (claps)


It's very formal.


I don't know! I don't want to presume anything.


It's definitely, probably starting to turn a little weird.


It won't work.


Where'd you get that paper from?


It needs to be sealed all the way around and be able to close.


I think he just needs to down it one way or another. It could be mixed with something else; it could be on its own.


(loud and angry) I just heard this fucking-- (calmer, hesitating) I. Have... premonitions at times, it runs in my family.


Wait, you did but you didn't, is what you're saying?


Jesus Christ. I can do that today. Just rolled shitty on my initiative.


Is it something that I could use?


Oh no! All right, I'll--


But I reduce my damage five times my monk level, up to 20.


Caleb, do you have a memory of this?


You can do what?


Does it say anywhere "Property of the Crownsguard?"


I turn back to the rest of them.


No, it won't ruin my books, it's just. I would only be able to use it this one time, then it's gone.


What a look into the future. And what a bright future at that.


Come on, everybody.


Do I understand that description?


Are you going to fucking fight him?


I raise the bottom of Keyleth's glass and keep it going. (laughter)


Your majesty, are you sure you don't want to write a check from the treasury?


Ten. Yay.


That temple of Sarenrae is in the city.


And you guys already checked the pillar for any--


See? Isn't that the most fun?


(sings circus tune)


I think it might be an easy way into the city.


Ten. (cheering)


Just that.


To eight? Nine?


What did you guys find out? Is it a good spot, a good home for it? Do you want to drop it off?


Are they clay shingles? Very valuable.


(demonic voice) I'll tell you how I survived!


I'm great! I feel great.


I don't think this is going to do anything.


It's his name, isn't it?


That would be 18?


The Landlocked Lady.


He does that a lot.


What? There are dragons in the world, right now! And we're fighting? We're going to watch a fight?


You can have both wooden swords.


But the DM hates it!


Since I'm standing and I probably whiffed, I see that knee that I've been working on, and I throw my heel out and try and pop it in.


Squatters.


Oh. Good.


Do we follow him?


A one, a two, a three.


11 points of damage!


Okay. You know what? I'll just try it. I will Fire Breath Potion myself.


Yeah, natural 20. Oh, no, disadvantage. 15.


That only I know about. And it compels me to sneak into Percival's room in the dead of night and crawl into bed with him.


What is fucking going on?


And then I walk over and try to find a fucking trophy on this guy.


Keyleth, as a cat, you smell less good as Trinket does.


Hi, Aquaman.


That one's going to fail you every time, now.


(laughter) It's a cantrip?


Bigby's Hand. Shit. It's 4d6?


I like it. Can I search the ground and see if there are a lot of tracks around? Or is this like a roaming party?


Also the deal with his little--


It was crazy.


Well, maybe you could just kill someone else, and then I could just bring them back, I mean, that would be a wonderful way to repay.


Did I mistake it?


Either way, they're coming for us.


Haven't you seen his wang flopping around under his tail?


No one's going to see my moment of triumph!


Sorry, I'm half dead.


Well, I think we'll assume that we're going to take a mansion rest and we'll come out of a mansion rest. Can we assume that's going to be it?


Were you standing on the table when this happened? I'm so excited.


Okay, that's very true.


Tell us a story.


Okay, cool. But no sneak attack at all, so here they come. First one is 11, plus psychic damage is 17 for the first, and the second one is 15 for the second. 17 and 15.


I show her one of my owlbear arrows.


No! I don't care. It's the principle of the matter!


Yeah. How about I'm the down-weighter system for whoever's in the front? I'll hold onto their ankles.


The big mama jama?


Ah, why would you-- no.


Can I drift down to where I can see anything and I say to Keyleth, Uh, fog? Can you do anything about the fog?


Real bright. (laughter)


Ah, son of a fucking-- looters!


Count Tygieri?


I'll ask Grog if he wants any soot on his face. I'll walk over.


It's like we kept asking for it.


Well, they're not going to recognize any of us, are they?


Uh... you know, it was six months ago, about. Five, six months ago.


I don't know. Maybe the skull was trapped in the house. Maybe it wanted to get out of the house.


Pike, if you need anything, just let me know. And I completely understand the awkward position you're currently being put in.


I may lend my cut-dragon-like-butter blade to this whole process.


I'm going to say that I'm about 80 feet in the air, just off-center. Towards Vex and Keyleth, but just off-center.


What kind of distraction?


Today we do.


Yeah, we're working on it.


Sorry, who woke me up from my sleep? (electronic beep)


This is going to take a saving throw?


No, no, don't even bring up the bow right now, let's just try to help him out.


Must be getting tired.


We could put a mirror--


And also, our captain also eats balls!


These words are all great and everything but it's not going to change that we're going to have to make it up when we get there, so why don't we go ahead and fight this fucking fucker? (cheering)


(retching)


This is precisely the sort of awful thing that I would design if I wanted a way to look into a hallway. I'm going to place it back on the column, facing the wall.


You can't do anything?


He has been shit out by these creatures. They do not want him or trust him. He is an outcast. And we are working together, in this moment, and without him we would not have gotten here.


Careful of traps, though, Keyleth, because I'm sure there's something in there.


Now I know why you asked me to come with you.


Are we on horses?


Nicodranas, and the Inkclaw is down to your lower right hand corner.


I personally don't trust this horn travelling anywhere without at least one of our supervision.


Damn, Beau's big.


Well think about, nobody that saw us in the city, saw us taking the boat lived to tell the tale. Just kidding, all of the guards right there did.


It was an option, and I felt it was worth exploring, and I think now we do have an option, which is we have to take it somewhere and have him identified. We have to know who this is.


I'll remember it eventually.


Hold on a minute. Go. Look around the tower.


Who's real good at dispatching them quiet?


No, you're fitting in very well.


Faster than a speeding Loot Crate.


Fuck yes, we do.


I think maybe we just don't take the coins, maybe.


Desmond? The debt that I owe you is larger than coin, and is--


Can I assist by throwing Frumpkin into the water and looking?


That you died?


That's bullshit, Keyleth.


Oh, you're going to drag my shame into shore?


Are there any other landmarks or ways of navigation to find them? They're an island in the middle of the Ozmit sea.


Maybe we let them think that I'm not the same Grog I was before. Maybe we let them think I've gained abilities.


Hmm. I'm used to yards.


Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot)


Got it. So stay out of that.


I think you showing up at the front doors is the best option at this point.


We'll leave you a hefty deposit.


Breaking point!


I have a small list.


It's like a tiny scroll.


Ah, fuck me. It doesn't hit. Nine.


We are tired. We've been traveling a long time. We've been saving. Wanted to take it easy for a few days.


Could Vecna put Vax into something designed to hurt us? I believe it's Vax. It's the rest of it.


That ring of protection that gives you plus two to your AC. That we need for somebody. And I wouldn’t mind having that leather armor. That adds a plus two to my AC.


I want to be the rat!


Pike has an idea!


Six-- nine!


Yeah, I’m not going to need it.


Oh shit, that's hot!


Everybody comfortable with the plan?


I am from the Guiatao Tribe. Do you know us?


That is a really good idea.


Shush! Stealthily.


Theater whisper.


You have to be a jackass to climb a tower like that, it's just ripe full of danger.


Can we say go back to the--


Ten for initiative.


Oh, 15.


Don't we normally hit that in, like, a show?


Yeah. I think this one's a little bit more expensive, though. Isn't it? Probably. The deeper we get in? Or is it the same?


Yeah, it's 300 something gold!


Does anyone really believe that this is all going to be fixed if we work with her?


They're from Wildemount?


Viskorad and Viscon are two different people?


Like, nearby?


We're going to have to fill the Whitestone coffers with some of this stuff when we get back.


Hey, so that guy that I hired to guard me, I gave him some money. What am I supposed to do, am I allowed to get him in here so he can actually do his job?


Yes, we want fucking gold! Wait, isn't there gold all over the place?


That's your right-- I literally still don't know what it does because everyone is talking constantly.


Will we walk faster than the cart will go?


(whispering) They're losing their cool.


It's stunning. We only heard about the building itself; what can you tell us about the people who live here?


But it's not anymore.


Fuck, it really is.


What is it really called?


Oh, everyone!


Such a mistake.


It's right over there.


Fucking--


So the natural 20 is double the dice?


Oh, I believe I will.


Bugger all, I say we give it a shove.


Yep. And I killed a thing so I get a grit back. That's 30 to hit?


Iron Chef? I love Iron Chef. Never mind.


What the fuck? Why?


Wait, why are we pushing this thing?


It lasts for ten minutes. What if it's in the tavern still?


I don't want to go back to the stockade.


It's a natural 20!


I look at him, and I go, um? And now I'm going Minxie.


Frumpkin!


Manor? Are we in a house?


Can I gnaw my way through the door?


Just saying, maybe there's some cool portal or something.


No, I would be right there, just entranced that he's actually in the ground.


Oh oh oh.


Oh. Has ten minutes passed? I thought ten minutes? It only lasts for like ten minutes.


Just listen! Just listen!


I thought you said I say I owe you one.


It's fine. It's an illusion. Vax pokes his head through the illusionary lava and goes, We're in here.


Maybe Beau and myself could go?


(sing) Slow your mustang down.


Hey Percy, I feel like we should end with, like, a big bang. Like, you know, like, the goods of Whitestone.


No, let's sleep it off.


Mm. Weird. That's crazy.


That's a 13. That's a 19! I'll take that one.


He's not gone. He's always with me and he will be back tomorrow.


The whole fucking society is based off of tipping.


That fight was amazing.


We're looking to charter a ship.


So, wait, he does know jokes, or he does know the Meat Man?


Apparently Jester's mother's going to hook it up, right?


(laughs) Did you cast Sanctuary? (laughter)


Gods?


Just ears alone?


He showed it to us.


It's a rules question, you go for it.


An eight to hit.


We're making a mask?


Also, very important question, how is Kiri doing with Frumpkin?


We thought about it a little.


We should just get a sound cue for that at this point.


I'm going to Deflect Missiles.


Could you describe to me how you feel right now?


Oh, you did it again! That's not Percy.


Plus my proficiency. That's 19.


Could we wait until nightfall?


It gets to attack again even though it threw something?


Let's have you two take some out and send the big guys in.


I was asleep, and now you're here.


It's the lake, it's common?


Can I take their helmets and put them in my pink bag?


Yeah, because you did have patient dodge going, right?


I don't mind him, though. All right.


I like the idea that it's just like your regular-ass voice coming out of--


If someone were to be an idiot, where would you take them to hold them?


Do we see this happening?


Just so long as we don't kill it.


Sure. Whatever one is closest to me.


Was it that good?


I thought when we talked to them they said that Toya came after Kylre. They joined the circus at separate times.


There's options.


(stammering)


Keg just goes to the door and kicks it open.


How long ago did he send you?


Damn it! 13.


I have a hooded lantern that has fuel in it. It will even burn when it lands. It's been sitting in there for four years.


Five questions.


I go-- Are we still in initiative order?


If we want to get a good seat, though, I feel like we should leave now. I need to be up front because I can't see over people.


A week.


Well, he had a sharp wit to him, and-- not very attractive young man, but--


Yes, that's terrible. Can you look at this armor really fast and make sure that it's not actually cursed or anything?


Oh wait, that's four plus seven is 11.


Yeah! We feel the same way sometimes.


Why were you talking about your mom and your dad, though? (silence)


Wait. I thought we were going to be heading south?


Caduceus, can I ask you  what do you hear when you converse?


Hello? Hello?


And rifle through the papers on the desk.


Didn't you get advantage on that?


He didn't ask to be dropped there.


Oh, if anything sets off my alarm bells.


Yeah, I got that right for there. 26.


This is what we've found for you. I hope it pleases you.


(cooing) Okay. Maybe Pass Without a Trace, Jester? (cooing)


From my patron.


It feels so weird.


You know, when Shakäste makes a spiritual weapon it's normally a very powerful woman from the past. When I saw this downstairs-- (laughter)


Oh my god, it's so cool.


Yeah, it's all right. Listen, all you've got to do is smash dragon with us tomorrow, yeah?


Didn't it, like, ruin magic when we did it to the beholder, didn't it see us and laugh and we were like, augh, it hurts my brain--


Do I get to roll twice 'cause of terrain?


At least two. Wait, is that the stat I should have asked for? I think, right?


What was the name of the bad guy that she said?


I have a proposal for you. Are you one hundred percent sure that they haven't heard of your name, Knights of Requital? How attached are you to that name?


I'm feeling like maybe that might be a thing.


I'm right next to him, it might spill on me.


Everybody, everybody?


May I see that really quickly? Don't throw it! Pretend!


Oh, perception. 28.


I am sorry, I--


You guys, should I open it?


I've got some tricks up my sleeve. (laughs)


We're starting to drift a little?


Sweet nothings.


I don't know if I approve of the metaphor, but that's--


These earrings are tapped. You know that.


Are they attracted to the Daylight?


Knowing the history of this city, would we know what this is?


(whispering) Jester, look! Twin cubs!


And that was the last time we ever saw Caduceus. (laughter)


I've got three other goblets left, can I both give them a goblet and some ale, just to wet their lips and get a drink in?


We also need to go to the blacksmith, you guys! As I'm coming down the stairs. We have so many things to sell.


You're always so convincing except for now! I pummel on the ones-- Jester saved Nott? Or is Nott still--


What about the black sapphire?


Percy?


16. 26. 35 total.


That's my bad. Yeah, he did.


What house is this?


And then I'm going to multi-attack.


That's not my flute! (laughter)


Hilda?


Yeah, takes forever.


Yeah, but he's vined.


Taryon and Percy?


Well, we'll celebrate 50th like a motha.


I'll use five of my seven Fireball charges.


Aren't you also wanted here, right now?


Hold it out in your hand, please.


I'm staying far back at the moment.


Here it is.


You are parkour.


Oh my god--


She's 18th level.


Is that what the word is? Yep. Yep. (laughter)


Caleb's out.


I was wanting to vault off Grog's back, is what I was wanting to do.


I'm going to think in my head, Scanlan's the best.


Did you want to get out of town tonight, or did you want to wait until the morning, perhaps?


Bury our shame.


Do you promise not to kill me in my sleep because you're a Xhorhasian spy?


Do you know anywhere in town where they might have that many diamonds?


Go kill--


Hi, Pike.


Yes, I--


Should we split the party and send a few people to pillage this house that we were instructed to pillage?


Oh wait! Oh, no. I've got to roll for attack first, huh?


I'm not asking you to leave the table.


You've attacked him with acid since.


Am I going to die in three seconds? Am I going to die in three seconds? (laughter)


I can't see that?


Oh! Thank you, Caduceus.


It's a sight to behold!


Okay. I just don't want to inconvenience anybody.


So put our two clerics in front?


What if we give him some of the dragon scales?


Can I search the corpse of the woman?


I'm concentrating so hard. (all laugh)


Disadvantage against me.


Kevdak has the Titanstone Knuckles. It's a Vestige that we're looking for, right? It's going to be a hell of a fight, and this is a hell of a sword.


That's it, that's what I did the SP for, so that I could cast this right now.


First part is getting an abandoned building.


Yeah. Okay. We go and search Hilda's house.


Aw, why? No!


Oh, god.


Caste systems?


Riflepeople.


Seven. Yeah.


DM, when I cast Detect Magic in the first game, in the tavern, did that sword light up?


Fucking champ!


Seeing that, I will draw my new crossbow. Turn it on. I imagine it's battery-powered. (powering-up noise) (laughter)


What am I looking for? Grog, what am I looking for?


Hang on, hang on. Let's just leave him for a minute. Let's just leave him. Can we leave him? I can fix this. I could fix it, (whispers) but why don't we leave him?


What are you gonna do?


I refuse to applaud that. I refuse.


Yes, and what did you think of your first game?


Thanks, Caleb. Thank you.


Oh, that's good! Just straight wisdom modifier? 20.


Well, that village we were just in was not bad, except for, you know, the gnoll attack.


Loot Crate is a curated collection of awesome items from the best pop culture franchises delivered to your door every month. You get the best and most exclusive licensed figures, t-shirts, home goods, and more.


Many have before.


(gasps) Oh god.


Sharpshooter shot, Retort. Misses. 12.


Was it human bodies or animal bodies?


Well, they make a lot of noise. They may not have noticed.


Both of our clerics are grappled and restrained.


We'll do a giveaway afterwards.


The whole thing's wasted? Can we try and repair the crack?


He threw it! You threw it, though, right?


And some very, very attractive mining contracts, but if there's no one here to talk about them--


Kit Buss!


It would be that.


Sure, fuck it. Leave it up to chance.


Ugh, you have a third eye!


Oh, no, it's a War Caster feature.


We go further.


Nice, Carrot Top, nice.


I like that idea. We could take the airship and you could craft some things. When we do go, I think I might have an idea for our carpet situation.


I think you should marry whoever you want. So that's what I think we should do. Yes. Yea. I vote yea.


All right, I'm okay at that. Not today, though.


I'm going to quietly follow behind the imps.


Yes. It's not my given name; it was a name that was given to me when it was given to me.


Wait, does that mean it was a good guy? Did I kill a good thing?


Can I roll history on that or is that--?


I'm just pulling Vex down.


Oh yeah, this spell is awful.


That's the laughing thing she said.


I was just trying to keep him safe.


I'm not going near that shit.


(gasps) Oh shit.


No. Not really. I can become invisible and fly down there.


I have a question. How are we marking these traps?


You'll just owe me later, how about that?


You got it Yasha! Take him down! It's one hit!


Well, she's going to be gone for another six days now.


You're smarter than a sword!


Understood. Excellent.


Lionel?


How about-- Yeah, let's try-- God, can I even make a melee attack here?


Yes, I mean certainly if you feel like doing justice on its own– I would like to see people taken care of that take care of us.


I watch on the side and don't take my eyes off of him.


We have gold. We have plenty of gold.


There's some weird stuff up high.


This looks a little weird to me.


My ears are bigger than yours. Let me have a listen. Get down.


I mean, I'm magical.


Trinket’s the best at killing dead guys.


Okay, strength modifier says plus five. So that's only a 17.


Well, my instinct tells me that if there's something there, that they would trap it so probably more valuable, if we're going on nothing, take the path that is trapped.


Right, because even if we somehow by some insane chance defeat the dragon, cool, we've defeated the dragon and now the city is still under control by the Herd.


Early 40s.


I know, that's why I'm kind of like, hm.


How about you just show me some money, and that way we can be sure.


So 20 hits?


Yeah, but you don't have hair on the side of your head, so. (laughter)


Phrasing. (all laugh)


I would think so-- ol' broken sausage finger may be sharper than we think.


Meh. Deception?


(shouting) I know, I know! (all laugh)


Such a dick.


Tiberius, can you tell us anything about these things?


Thanks, mom. All right. Thanks, mom. I'm going to try to make a run for it to the stalactite by your hand.


Oh, that's what I want to do.


Let me check. I'll see if there's any other triggers for this trap.


He's muttering and walking in circles.


Yeah, it is at PetCo Park, so don't get lost looking around the convention center. Because it won't be there. It's at PetCo Park.


Thank you for having me. This has been awesome.


I think so. We're starting to round an area that I think we could probably fan out and explore amongst the seven of us.


I see Jester over there and I know that she does have the ability to heal so I will-- Wow, I don't know if I trust her.


I immediately start searching on the ground for another opening.


This is such a dark mirror. This is a very dark mirror.


Yeah, can we take a short rest?


The Trial Forge?


The celestial will sell itself. We don't need anything fancy.


You want me to go ahead again?


Ha! That's a two.


At advantage!


I've got this, guys.


I'm trying to do a concentrated Sunbeam. I don't know if it's going to help.


Yeah. I would have been in the heart of Emon. Shoving it up the red dragon's nose.


Well said, your majesty.


Oh, that sucks!


That's a good question. Hail of Thorns.


It's an astronaut, Ashley!


Maybe the power of our applause will cure him. Everyone clap. Oh my god no, it's made it worse! His lung has collapsed. He's bleeding internally. Oh my god, what can we do?! He says that not enough people have visited backblaze.com/criticalrole.


White man's overbite, white man's overbite-- there it is!


You can hit them both.


That's not true.


Plus the modifier of seven.


I'm gonna perception check the room. Which is high. 27.


Did you guys scan the area for Despacito beasts?


Let's adjust--


Oh god. Bring it back.


Jesus, balls.


I take a ball bearing out and toss it and throw it into the swamp. See what happens.


You ask permission to ride the horse?


That's actually really accurate.


Set a really good trap. Let's think about this.


The smell of sulfur, I mean brimstone, do I figure that it's probably the residual from the big toad guy or is there a substance in the room that is causing it?


This is so painful, I feel like I should make a concentration check on my spell.


Let's get some platinum before we leave though, what, what?


Are you going to hold on-- Do we have a bag to put that in?


With my bonus action, can I let out the loudest howl I possibly can.


We buried him with it.


Yeah, but they're a good 200 feet up.


Wait. So your dad is, what, rich or something?


We'll carry it.


It’s bigger than that.


And now it doesn't have a reaction anymore.


Come on, Percy. Come on.


Yeah, but it's a-- this is a slow-moving one-way ticket.


She called me darling.


Like the Fourth of fucking July.


I would say that I did not partake in any of that. As soon as we exited efficiently, I pulled out the silver thread and I'm already doing my thing while they do that.


Feels pretty good, doesn't it?


I'm making a trip back. I'm gonna take Tary, Pike, the gnomes, Vax, me, how many's left? That's it, right?


Oh god. Oh no!


And it's by the lake, right?


You got your wish! Her body just landed at your feet.


Yeah, but I'm stacked for days.


Just think, if it had been Percy, he would have thrown up.


This conversation did not happen in the game, by the way.


Can I put it right on top of that problem in the corner, so it can't quite be seen by anyone down the hall, but close enough to bite?


With advantage!


Oh, that’s great!


So this is a big problem.


Oh, excuse me! Oh, can we have a goblet of your strongest stank for this one?


I mean, Nott's over here trying to pull my heart strings, but it seems like you should be the target. You have a thing with kids and orphanages?


Jump just down the 40 feet?


11. No, sorry, 12.


We're here for your friends, right?


What? You never fucking get cold or nothing?


Pass the bottle.


Straight-up prep? Oh jeez.


I don't think they went anywhere.


No, you can have the vase.


So it's 10d6.


Oh my god, Scanlan.


Oh, also.


Eh. I don't know.


No, he's got the beard. And the ability to kill me in my sleep.


Don't do stealth, I'll present us all as a group.


Just chop the tree down! It's a thin tree.


So I can do it now, yeah.


At least you're by the tent, they've had us walking the perimeter of the lake the entire time.


And it's a woman's robe.


I didn't even catch that!


Diversions?


Counterspell.


That's true. I didn't see the great baby beast down at the bottom.


Not that high.


We have a-- don't you touch my donuts. We have all of the normal, wonderful stuff still available in the store. The stuff that's out of stock, actually, has been removed so that you don't get confused when you're looking for things. So we have our Gilmore shirt, we got our Strongjaw shirt, we got a 'How do you want to do this' shirt, with the hoodie. We got baseball caps, we got patches, we got vinyl stickers, which I am still a really big fan of. They go on windshields, Macbooks, whatever you want.


Six rounds?


And then we have extra slaves, it's beautiful.


(groans) Sorry.


I held the sword once.


Communicate that as a Healing Word.


They don't know where we live.


Beau made jewelry. (pigeon cooing)


After Googling that shit!


Maybe he doesn't see you because you're above him.


You're a little pale, so you have this ghostly quality to you. I don't know why I'm whispering.


Well, the main concern is getting in the prison. I don't know if walking up to the front door and saying, "Hi, we're here to take care of your spinny death problem," is going to work.


Are we going in together? Should we do back entrance/front entrance?


Didn't we do that?


Okay, 14.


Wow, you could really use some inspiration right now.


Family resemblance.


Okay if I go in?


What? What's wrong?


Well, I have been gone for many, many years, so English may have changed. To be fair. To be fair. I don't know. This is all new to me. I would have thought it would be in one of those tomes.


I am, I am. This is a long and complicated story, I suppose. We've been holding the north against something dark. Something threatens our small temple. Have you ever been to the Blooming Grove before?


We need diamonds.


Wait, before you do this, why don't we go to the festival and see what she looks like?


You're doing great, then. But there's a direction, a cardinal direction that you're making these friends in, or do you--?


And it's the same size, right? It has to be something of the same size? Or it can be any tree?


Are we still trying to capture him?


Whip it out.


Dog-paddling.


I want to step outside the game for a second to say that Sam Riegel gave me a bullet to kill Travis Willingham with, and I have turned the gun back on Sam Riegel. (cheering)


This town blows.


Of course. We appreciate the law in this town, and the services you provide. You can lean on us for any further needs you might have.


We can do a couple to the Archive, couple to the King's Hall. Just pick it up.


What could you give me for approximately a thousand gold's worth?


I would like to insight check Vex.


That was actually very profound.


And the third ray is not good, just a ten.


Unless you're really out of anything to eat. Then I suppose, you know, desperate times.


Get a kiss from.


Careful, it needs to be preserved.


Excelsior!


You're stealthing.


Oh wow, I feel much better.


Okay. All of them.


She got hurt!


I think those things are going to get us.


I always am hungry!


I'm gonna follow suit, but slowly.


Yeah, I’m going that way.


Not if we're in the mansion.


That we rescued. Didn't just meet them. We saved them.


(laughs) It'll be great.


(panting) Hold on, I need a breather. Naw, I'm just fucking about. You're dead. Can I go into a frenzied-- no, that was my bonus action, so I get two. Can I do reckless, Great Weapon Master, two attacks on She-Ra?


I'm going to put my faith in Scanlan that some sort of impossible miracle happens. (counting) 30. Right up against the wall. Can I look to the left down that hallway? Can I see down there at all? Is it blocking the hallway off from vision? Is that a moveable space?


Yeah. Two skeletons. One skeleton. Whatever skeleton is closest to Pike.


They could be inside. This is not any better than our chances on the road.


Jeez, you got like Tetsuo arm, it's like five times bigger than it should be.


I had extra hair, I wanted to use it.


I'm just going to point out, since--


I want to thank you so much for everything that you provided and everything that your people have done.


Hold that thought for one second.


Can you handle the truth?


Not in a German accent, Marisha.


I already used my, whatever, reaction, so I'll take the full four.


Sir, how fares-- (stuttering) How are you doing?


26, actually.


We could meet in the middle.


He's so happy!


Remember it.


Is that Spice Girls?


I want 500 by tomorrow morning. That's all I'm saying.


I'm going to cast Sunbeam. I'm going to beam in his face.


I'll give it a whirl. I'll reach up near my eye, and you see this little arc of energy pop out from my eye towards my hand. I'll throw it forward and cast Witch Bolt.


I'm going to run past Trinket along the back wall, all around the edge, over to where Vex and Kash are.


Oh my god, are you going to hit it with your sickle or whatever?


Nice try.


I am now invincible.


I'll just roll this time. It's just straight constitution?


Wow. Not sure how I feel about that.


Did we not check the other room?


Before she touches anything, can I let her know that there's a whole lot of spiders on the other side of the room.


It says it now acts as the heart to a cancerous tree corrupting the verdant land.


Some Inigo Montoya shit.


They're going to be the lookout now.


Yeah, that is good.


How long could it take you to memorize pockets on a coat? That's like 20 minutes.


That is so insane.


Ooh, with no advantage, right?


What do you mean, the dragons are at war? There's only two more dragons at that point. We killed three-fifths of them.


Is it spent now?


Multiple cities. Emon was the first one hit.


There's a pair of pants hanging off his eye.


I'm still a good friend, right? I'm still a good friend?


Yes. What?


Hey Fjord, did you see that?


They might be controlled-by-K'Varn stitch monsters.


Enough to see in?


Okay. So we're less noticeable?


All right, all right!


I don't think Vex even saw any of that, like Vex doesn't even know he was unconscious.


It seemed legit.


On the other side of that, closest to the portal? Yeah.


How did your homework go last night?


I will drop invisibility. Are the guards around?


We could, but the mouse couldn't talk back.


It's a repressed memory, all right?


But do you want Trinket with you?


Vax is scooching Scanlan out of the way to take that position right there.


Missed opportunity.


Jamedi, what if it was his dick that was the snake though?


That was really good!


And I've known people like you before. People who are very sensitive to this sort of thing. I have been the sort of person you are. And it's not simple. Your friend who lived here for a while, the big one, what's his name?


I'm going to vault off of the platform that I'm on, and I'm going to go for Toya. I'm going to take my bo staff. I'm going to try and take her where her throat is and grapple her down to the ground. Like to basically throat crush and get on top of her.


I like it! I want Pike here, too.


You are beautiful, aren't you?


Well, I don't know. So it was a magic sword, right? I was going to be able to throw it and it would fight without me. Like it would just fight things that I told it to.


Then spinning around, I go right to face the other one and I'm going to take my last attack against it.


Okay. I'll open it. It's not trapped, for sure.


We Rage. (laughter)


Is it really rotten?


Is that why, well you know.


Isn't that what you're doing to yourself on a daily basis?


Abacus!


Yeah, it's a bash. Every time around we're like, aha!


He has one last legendary resistance.


Maybe I'll take mine-- is it a wisdom saving throw?


To get the people, yeah, you've got to get the boat.


The area where they are.


Can they see me? The crowd that's coming?


We are in the middle of nowhere.


I've got one more with your name on it, sweet cheeks.


I'm going to Hunter's Mark Grog.


I've got my explosive arrow nocked.


Absolutely. You are a strong, powerful firbolg. Are you sure you don't know Pumat Sol?


45 points of damage to that guy, and then it goes to the other guy.


I also really need to check out the Fire Ashari.


I am all out of tricks, just about, so may I please have a superior, Grog?


Just out of curiosity, we weren't going to walk in and negotiate with your uncle. He's not going to give us these Knuckles. He's a proud owner of them, yes?


Sorry. It was meant for Allura.


Plus, he's got a lot of big words now. You want to be around to see them in action.


I'm walking down the tunnel.


Yes, you will.


The Crutch.


I use the cantrip Mending.


I'll leave my tea kettle on board. Should be fine, we'll find them.


Should we let them know we're in place, then?


Well, no, but I'm at advantage because of Assassinate, so the first roll was a 19.


Yes, I do. Circle of the Moon. So that does 1d10 plus six piercing damage. Where's my d10s? That's eight piercing damage from my bite. (growls) And then I do my claws, which happen twice.


Eldritch Blast on the other one.


Thanks, Gil.


I’m Vex, he’s Vax!


I just don't know if there's time. If she's already started a ritual.


I wanna build a watertight vest for the guns. Basically just a packet that keeps that section dry. Like a protective-- like a soft bag that is waterproof, that would use some sort of stomach lining of some animal or some leather to build it. I couldn't reload the gun.


One by one by one, yeah.


Sam, would you like an animal companion?


All right, we're in the mansion.


I have low-- Wait, the Dwarven Belt of Beard Power gives me-- I have Darkvision out to a range of 60 feet.


Weird minotaur.


This is +2 to charisma, permanently.


Do it. Could be great.


Watch this. Watch this. I call one over. You there, you there.


Darling, he takes blue sparkly poos!


Think about the marshmallowy goodness that is Sarenrae.


I want to learn that trick.


Exactly! That was my question!


Fly home!


I don't know, we've got a few things we can threaten her with. We can attempt to have her consecrated and buried in the Raven Queen's temple so that nothing will ever bring her back again.


That rule's been around for as long as I can remember because it makes people think the show's dangerous. Gives them a thrill.


They're all the same.


Can I find Tary?


I'm sorry, could you just, a bit more on--


He got 75 new spells.


The castle.


I'm sorry I didn't know that.


(yells) I'm going to spend a ki point, and go into Flurry of Blows, and do a blind haymaker, a second blind haymaker, and then try and backhand with the third. Wildly, recklessly. Okay, first one. Natural 20!


Am I about to be swallowed with Grog?


I don't think I can lift that.


"Zac, what was the most recent picture you shared with the community?" Somebody is asking to see it. Or asking me to ask you to see it.


11. Bringing up the rears.


That's going to be really cool when I can do that. Really cool. Catch a fly. Anyway, moving on, that was me.


