They are definitely making fun of you.


We've been doing a pub crawl.


Actually, does that crit? Does your 19 crit?


Well, we're here.


Can I point out that now we have to learn an entirely new lore? We've worked so hard, and now spices? Rivers, canals, fusaka! Oh god, I'd gotten everything together, and now.


Oh, and I'll inspire him. With a musical fart. (fart noise)


I put my hood up before I head back that way.


Can you imagine how sour Grog must smell all the time? He just has mayonnaise on him.


Throw up a big level five Flaming Sphere. Ah, wait can I do a, with my spear can I do a higher-level Fireball? And just do more charges out of it? Or no?


Do you want me to burn it down?


Your family, is that closer?


Your scarf will protect you!


All right. I'll finger it from afar.


He may let us keep some of the spoils?


I'll let Dad know he's going to have to watch the tribe for a few more weeks.


These are for sale?


No, by all means, but I have changed my mind. I feel guilty for discarding the book that you purchased for me and I was wondering if I could read it tonight, but only if you are going to bed.


Pike goes over and she helps you.


Oh God. Okay--


Oh, that's really good. 26.


(clears throat) That is not for me to say. But I have no interest in going. I will do it on my own. Correction: I will learn with your help.


Is it possible to climb up on one of the walls?


Okay. Contain them.


The way he said that--


Well, it's 19.


Oh okay, so right now it's only giving me a +2.


Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry.


All of us? (cheering)


That is such a bummer.


Your toilet guarded by the hemoglobins.


It is a magical sword I'm attacking with. That's 11 points of slashing damage.


Fucking muscle wizards.


That may be its name now.


It's cocked, right? Okay, thank you. 18.


Okay, so I'll try to get them both.


But that was for you, you flipped. And now I flip.


8d6, 8d6. 8d6?!


Once they're gone they're gone?


I just don't want to be over this acid anymore.


Lost. Gone.


Yes. I think that's pretty much it, outside of the bakery, which has taken up a lot of time, really.


You're so dark, man. Why do you make this shit up?


Oh, I didn't see that. Do I still have enough movement to make an action?


Literally, no. Figuratively? Yes. The biggest and the baddest, potentially.


Negative one! (laughter)


Yeah, just text her!


(scampering feet)


So do 2d8 plus ten.


We just pop out the diamonds! We can still keep ruby jewelry and emerald jewelry--


One of them shattered, and I feel like we took some.


Just Icarus tattooed on his wing.


Don't let it snag the earrings.


Want to huddle together for body warmth?


And I cast Blessing of the Trickster on you again, just in case.


What exactly did you tell Tooma was going to happen?


I was above him though, and I was 50 or 60 up, he wasn't that high.


It's constitution though, isn't it?


Oh, okay. For my bonus action, I'm going to hide a lot? I'm going to hide.


Hideous Laughter. Does that mean we all get advantage on hits now?


Wait! Yeah, I don't want to use that just yet.


Ah, that's really good.


Use it. Now!


Plus ten!


I don't understand how this works. Never mind.


You're such a rebel.


Pros and cons.


I thought it was just the long box that we already opened.


I'm going to take some of the firecrackers we got from Hupperdook, and I want to set them off during his sermon. And then I want to-- but I'm going to Invoke Duplicity, so it looks like I'm actually still there listening to the sermon. Then while that's happening-- but I'm also Disguise Self, so I also want to look like somebody else while it's happening so nobody can trace it back to me.


Hey everyone, buy a t-shirt! Subscribe to Geek & Sundry. Support Felicia Day.


Shit! 6. (all laugh)


Yep. Five.


Necromé.


Oh no. I'm really stupid, though.


That plus ten.


That's at least two kicks. (laughter)


All I got!


Lucky fucking druid.


My mother, Vilya, never returned to Zephra. MATT "For you to be here on your Aramente, it is proof that she did not complete hers, or at least is no longer with us. I am sorry. She was strong of heart."


You know we have a temple to her in Whitestone. I mean, here's the thing though. I feel like I want to destroy it because I hate her so much, but at the same time, I feel like we should leave it because maybe we can talk to him through it. We'll try it.


So I consulted with some computer whizzes. We did some facial recognition to find out what their baby might look like.


Wow. Fucking betrayal. Okay.


Yes. Just keep drinking. Keep going.


Yeah, that's what I mean! They've been storing stuff in it.


Bring your dog to work day!


Who knows? It's the Shadowfell.


That she has mentioned three times.


I don't know what I'm rolling. 14. This is to hit? It's magic? I don't know, how does this work?


All right. I will give you a minute head start to get across the room. After that, I'm coming in. So you better hope you're at the dragon by that point.


Oh, Dashilla.


Yeah. Hm, totally sure, heh. You look out for that other eye now. Don't lose the other, because then you'll just be like (scared noise) in the dark.


Okay, let's do it.


Me, too. They're dicks. They were going to take Grog.


We need to get Fassbender into the middle where the treasure's going to be.


(worried sounds)


Vax could show his ass, that's a pretty white light.


Where are there people?


Did you need help opening a seal?


And I'm on the ground. That's a nine.


The symbol on this object, though, is more or less the ruler of this dimension, so it could be useful for something.


Like another Artagan?


Just pick me a door.


How the fuck do we know? We're going to find out, though.


(deep voice) I'm so happy right now.


Way to go, Yasha!


Do Frumpkin and I see anything alive or moving down here?


Mr. Caleb is going to maybe want to take a look at that later. I would recommend hiding it.


We have a lot of foreign guests as well, in our establishment back home, so I know how things can sometimes get a bit crazy, and I certainly don't want to put any undue pressure on you.


That's 14 points to everybody.


Wait, did you put a cool little acrylic thing on there to make them mountable?


Okay, that's what I'll do.


I mean, it would not be a bad idea.


Why did you have those notes with you?


Where the 20 is the CR logo, too?


Well, I was going to do Hail of Thorns, but I shouldn't because he's within five feet?


I'd like to google perfunctory real quick.


And that's going to be 21 points of damage on the second.


I'm going to draw one of my swords and, just out of experiment, try and get it to do that weird thing it did yesterday. With my hand.


So me talking right now is just wasting time.


He was bigger than you by a little?


No one fucks with Phillip Jr. I would like to bull rush and try and tackle him, and if it succeeds, I'd like to headbutt him on the ground.


Okay, so Percy's next, and then it's Scanlan.


Crack out the aerator, yo.


He's very handsome for a dwarf.


Is anything stalking us from above while we're moving?


Within 300 feet, I can see the area.


Yeah, you'll stay with me, I'll make you the little lackey that moves shit.


Oh, god, this is the worst part. Can I try and get the boog out of her eye?


Yeah, we'll take Kima.


Aren't you Johnny Storm?


Oh, shitty and shittier.


"Finalized the plans."


I'm Tiberius the awesome sorcerer.


Oh my god, Pike. The plan hasn't even started!


I thought we were doing like some deep dive shit!


He likes to eat fruit. He likes to eat cheese. He likes to eat bugs.


Would you do my makeup for me? Could you disguise me?


How hurt is she?


I cast it on everybody that's within 30 feet of me.


Oh, no! Does it do--


I don’t know! I thought it might help.


I think you have currently more pressing matters than my concerns, my presence here in the castle.


I will read that.


It has only been a short amount of time that I am thinking, and I will be very careful, with the bag.


I wouldn't mind getting a closer look at that skull.


We killed it! We took care of the monster problem.


I could use it.


Percy. Can I have a word with you, please?


Yeah, okay, so I'll just hang out there.


(singing) Regular gnoll, regular gnoll.


Do you have any healing potions or anything, or I mean, I'm sorry, healing spells?


This was fucking awesome.


Yes, and it has the ability to shoot arrows that see.


Okay. I'm going to, with my duplicity self, get up on the roof.


Yes, because-- what was it? Baldus, Beldus?


Yes. Plus 3d6.


Yeah, yeah, definitely all useful.


We go see the Raven Queen. You go see the Raven Queen and we wait outside.


Yeah. What do you want?


Get 30 feet in the air this time maybe?


Pop that fucker out.


We are the coolest.


Yeah. Maybe it knows my family's name.


230?


This has been what I've been working for for years. I'm not going to lose-- I was surprised last time. I've had time to think about it. I'm going to be all right. And I'm keeping it together. I'm not going to pretend that I'm great. But I've got a hold on it.


Basically, it also describes you, so I feel like you should be understanding.


Another strange question  have you ever had access to our world before?


It's "Mee-ster Ford."


I dunno. After.


Is the light coming from over the water?


At least try to block off the entrance to where they can't get out.


We'll probably be back in like a day.


And chock-full of undead, you said?


Yasha, Molly, want to come in?


I've been picking up little bits of the language.


Yes we do!


Just massage each other.


What are we rolling?


I was and he healed me.


Phew. Nila's like  Thank god! Let me regroup!


I'm going to look around and see if there's a direction in which it seems there's civilization or any signs of battle or otherwise.


A little background check.


All right, then undo. I will undo, and I will instead-- I will try to blind her.


The only weapon that does as much shit as this does, the closest thing to it is your staff. Your Vestige. This thing is bonkers.


With my bonus action I'll turn to the guards and go: Avantika's not to be trusted. I will Misty Step with my bonus action.


Fjord, do you think you're slowly turning into water?


It's not like she's going to show up. Okay. Sorry. I'm so hot.


Okay. I totally - I trust in you, Matt.


We're the best.


I believe in you. Oh, wait!


I feel like I'm already just going to start crying.


No, that was her passage. There's another passage to presumably another set of cells. So I will skip along quietly 20 feet ahead of you all. Try to see.


This is with Bad News, so that's going to be 2d12. That's going to be 4d12 plus six.


I burnt it off of him.


Yeah. Pretty cool-looking. I don't think I've ever actually saw one, either. I've only seen pictures.


Nice. Long enough for us to patch it up.


I can hear them. I think we're going to head downstairs if y'all want to join.


That's not a door, it's just a cage.


Do you want to tradesies with Molly?


I absolutely would love it.


We don't need to argue like this.


I don't want it to be a hydra.


Thanks. Thanks, sis.


Have you ever had any issues with the Crownsguard? We've heard rumors.


Still need a whisper corner.


That's was me expressing my happiness. (laughter)


(sighs) So I'm just going to sit and scream a little bit. (shouting)


Me, as well.


(unintelligible mumbling)


Kerrion's healing? Is it a regeneration thing or is he casting a spell?


Welcome! Welcome!


Welcome back, baby!


It's like Nicholas Cage as a cat. It is, in fact, See Invisibility! (cheering)


We just have to make sure that we don't use the stone from here.


My grit doesn't restore from-- none of my stuff restores from death, does it?


Yeah, sentry bats.


Well, I can see the appeal, but what happens if there's something risky or it causes theft of property for someone important?


Hold the torch under one of them for a long time and see what happens.


Constitution, right?


Maybe we should change it. On the next crossover, tell Jester to paint it.


And can I throw lightning and not hit Tiberius?


Plus, you're left-handed, and she apparently has things against lefties.


No, I know, but is there anybody that I can touch?


Trinket! Your uncle said your poo is runny. You need to eat some veggies.


I'm going to move to the edge of where I'm capable of moving right now at my speed. I'm going to signal everybody and say move as a group. So we're going to try to sync our movements.


Ooh, Vex!


You heard the man! You heard him! You heard him! The earrings, everybody heard him.


No! Lyra, you're our leader, come on!


Original recipe Windex. My favorite.


Percival  fan of comedy.


Get him Jester!


I've never been so happy to see a 17 before. Oh my god.


Yeah. I'll end it with, "the big red door. The Knights of Requital." Then rip it, and then it is just the bottom part and leave it in the High-Richter's house.


All right. No, and other one, no. So, four, eight, 12, 13, 16, 20, 31, 35 for the first. And the second one is a ten.


Seriously?! Throw that away!


I say-- I go, get on my back, get on my back, and I piggyback him.


Yeah, usually half a day before it rains.


What, why are you getting teary, what is happening?


Oh, okay. Yes.


Is Broken Veil the name of a tavern here, or was it in Alfield?


And I guess as we're leaving, walking along, Beauregard, who's sort of googling at her new bracers, do you have any plans--


Hearing you say that, I'm going to be like, I guess we're-- race you! I'm going to take off running after Nott.


Maybe it's built into the architecture of the rooms within.


To the keep. Get underground.


Like. Oh my good-- uh, well, um.


Wait, what's the name of the town?


I thought we'd decided to go to Keyleth's.


Can we get within 100 feet?


That's it, that's my turn.


I'll inspire Pike, yeah.


I mean, you can-- do you wanna wear it for now?


Man!


Ja. And then I'm going to lose Invisibility because I start to weave my hand around my arm and I am going to release Scorching Ray, three globs of fire up his ass in the sky.


I turn around and I say  Do we have anything that resists poison or venom?


Come on, D&D Beyond!


Oh, he's on the side of the ravine.


As he grabs the chain, big Beau steps on the chain and cracks him right in the face.


It's actually not all right, we need to gather everyone right now, quickly, I'll explain after we've gotten everyone in the keep. We need to go to Percival's workshop, can you help me with that?


Oh my god, yes.


Do we think this is it? Are we sure this is it?


Make a whisper?


Not a natural 20.


Our hero!


If you are near NYC, make your way over!


Junior.


Well, it's to relay information back to whoever's wearing it? Or to him specifically?


Wait, what time is it?


24 x 36.


But it would take out the lot of them, right?


Yeah, we haven't seen Cadeceus yet.


I have my hood up.


Seeing Caleb walk away with the object, I'm going to cast Silent Image, and make the image of the object, glowing, about 30 feet away from them on the ground. (dissonant humming)


Yes! Let's talk about that.


Hey, Crapper!


I have climbing gear.


♫ Except for Matt (all laugh)


It seems new to me every time.


Shame you.


That's a one. Misses.


It's much more kinetic.


Yeah! I don't know if this is helpful, but I'm going to take my second swing. That's 18 to hit.


Don't be afraid of rolling ones, man.


That's in the Tri-Spire. So we need to go through the sewers to get there.


That was beautiful.


You're going to use one of your Lucks?


At the Leaky--


We're still on day one.


We're getting a comic, you guys. It's starting off as a comic strip. So it is going to be coming--


Something similar to it.


Ugh, why? Why? Oh, I'm cursed today! Eight.


Do you want to go elemental?


What did you say? I did not understand your accent.


Delilah Briarwood, Lord Briarwood had the sword, they were seeking Vecna.


Should've let me haggle that down. I would have got it to 19 gold.


Sometimes, when you let that go, only then are you able to truly live.


How high?


(laughs) It worked! It worked! You are awesome, Sun Tree! You're the best! Pelor, that is some fucked up shit. Okay. Trinket, wake up! We have to go hunt a thing that looks really scary! I'm going to die! How about you?


Last time I did that I got kicked in the nuts, very hard.


Red meat. Red.


Yeah. Have you done anything wrong?


Yeah, with my big rifle. That's not bad. A 20 and a 27 to hit.


I don't understand anything that just--


Yep. Yeah, I mean, like, I had my way with a few of those imaginary friends, because, man. No. It was good. Good sleep. Real, a little sore in my back.


Do I still get disadvantage?


Mm. Mm.


Grog has the magic carpet. Grog had everything.


You taught me just the right amount of how to be a shithead. Just enough.


I'm going to take the rope and wrap it around my fist once and pop with my bonus action. No, Flurry of Blows. Two attacks. Pop. Pop.


Let's try to set up camp in the trees, so we're not on the ground.


When you're all done, just bring them to me. Thank you so much.


Oh! Wait, we just healed her.


Leaving room to get to this gangway, but he's burning and that's going like this.


If he says don't, then--


That's not going to happen. In my year of travel, I didn't just dilly-dally around the world having fun. I was learning about the world and about life and about family. I was learning from these fine people what it means to really be a family, and care about each other. I learned from Grog and Vax what it means to be a man, and to be a father. I learned from Pike what it means to be a caring mother. I learned from Keyleth what a real sister is like, one who loves you and cares for you. I learned from Vex what a best friend is like. These are things you never gave us, growing up. I even learned from Percival... the type of man I would want to marry one day. And we never got that at home. And from this day forth, I'm going to create a home, my home, that I own, that values and respects the opinions of each family member. That cares for one another. Where we stick up for each other, and help each other through hard times, and not just rule by decree. If you don't want to be a part of this, that's fine. You can leave my house. But I want you to stay. I need your counsel, and I need your help, and we need you as a father. I need you and Sister to run this foundation for me, to repair our name and our reputation. It could be great. It could be the best thing that's ever happened to us. And there's more. I have an idea. To create something else. A team of adventurers, based here in Wildmount. The Darrington Brigade, led by me, Taryon Darrington. We will fight for justice, and win battles against evildoers, and spread the Darrington name around the continent. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but I feel like if we embarked on this new adventure together, it could save our name and repair our relationship. As a businessman, I'm asking you to consider it. Because your other options are... Well, they're not great.


Yeah, of course, not all at the same time, that's obvious.


She casts Guidance on herself to help with that roll.


I'll be okay. I've had to work through some things. Speaking of, it looks like you have a new member already in the group.


Get it. Get it. Get it.


Now that I'm thinking about it, I think they are pretty good friends.


Give her a wink and walk off.


There's no way that I could try and push out with my legs to try and pull something out of the bag of holding, is there? It's too tight for that.


I was with him when he did one of them, though.


Where will you not get arrested?


How do you feel about lacing it with gun powder?


Have we headed to The Arches yet?


I'm glad you're back.


Hallucinatory Terrain, are we doing this? Are we ready? Are we doing this? I did it, bamf.


I was just checking. Okay, do I still get disadvantage if I attack it again?


At least it's still retrievable.


We didn't look in the ziggurat in Ank'harel. There could've been bodies there, too.


700 gold pieces?


Now we've got to squish those little brains.


To 1,000 years of Vasselheim! Huzzah!


Just kidding.


Non-magical.


Yeah, and then I'm going to just hide behind that tree and wait for my next round.


Well, now there's shadows.


So 11, 27, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41.


If that happens!


What else can we do?


Kill it. Kill it.


Does it look like the sort of dog that you can actually be proud of or is it just a utility?


He and I hit it off. We would talk about literature and philosophy and all sorts of things until the wee hours, and my father walked in on us once, and I don't know what happened to him, but I'm afraid he's dead.


I take a bow, and I turn my back to them and walk out.


Which is not in melee. Damn! Eldritch Blast!


That was very unruly; I need to excuse myself for a moment. I’ll head out of the infirmary.


Grog, you could throw a shark at something.


Double-check the bedroom for safes or things behind paintings or maybe some sort of carpet--


You're holding your action for being able to move.


Best seven out of 13! (laughter)


Steeped in history.


Oh, fuck. I thought it was implied, we were just waiting for it to wake up.


Caleb clutches his chest and cries out and falls to the floor of the boat. (gasping)


That hits me.


Cooking with Grog! (laughter)


I mean.


And all she does is eat fish and do push-ups, I think she'll be good underwater.


Me and Scanlan.


I don't even-- I've never rolled a d10 before! (laughs)


Of course, well, can I just check and make sure that it's actually got any information that I need? Because if it doesn't then I don't want to buy it. You understand.


No, that was amazing. That's ten points of damage. And then I reload.


To the blacksmith.


Depending on how I roll, I can roll again?


Empty vials? I'm out of vials.


Pressure plates in the lower floor.


Punch it.


Any trouble here, at home?


20? Can I use Evasion or no?


Eye bogeys, for sure.


Okay, here you go!


We have to hide it, yeah.


Yeah. We're doing this all ourselves just to, just 'cause-- See how this works. You guys--


They're not pretty. They're made of rope.


That asshole? No, we're good.


Covered in muck, I look at my brother and I say, are you all right?


You were fantastic as Laura Bailey.


My name is Phillip. Bone-jour.


Yeah, that box is hers.


Okay, well, you didn't say you were doing it. 18.


It's nighttime, right?


Can I keep an eye out for that flower?


I don't know what that is. Let me show you. And I'm going to walk over to the wall, find a dusty wall, and I'm going to trace the symbol on the wall.


43, but if we can take a short rest, we can roll some dice.


You can call me Kingslayer. I also did that.


Some other time, perhaps.


Maybe just give it to Percy.


We can't hurt Beau!


(muffled shrieking)


Okay, I can do that.


Caleb, maybe save your shit for afterwards.


Well, you're not familiar with this where you are from?


I'm moving! I would like to go (counting) 30 feet to face off with this guy.


And then Grog was here. Reality is very malleable.


Oh, I'm Fjord. Nice to meet you.


Okay, we're still alive.


Little bit of pee comes out.


25,000.


Well, no, no, no, it could be talking, it could be--


You were mentioned in Kraghammer. I regret to inform you, though, that we were forced to travel underground rather quickly and the duergar and the other things that we ran into were not really customers you’d want to deal with. No, our lives were too much in harm’s way. But now that we’re above ground, I’m looking to pick up where I left off.


Stop being a dick.


Well, but what if it alerts a lot of the gnolls, and then we don't have the element of surprise at all anymore?


The little snake tongue falls on the ground.


Of us swimming through the volcano, and then going underground and shielding ourselves, and then fighting! And then Grog's forging the trammels! (enthusiastic a cappella music)


How much time has passed since I got brought back up there?


You should move the safe.


Damn it, nothing's working.


This is a lot.


15 hits.


Oh. Oh my god.


Oh! I'll take that as a yes.


I'm watching to see if anyone eats the food.


That's not-- She figured it out, Grog.


I'm so happy to be here. (all laugh)


I'd like to point out that we came up with a loose plan, but we're not doing that plan.


Okay, but I'm still-- lodestone's, over here! And that's all I get.


Six is radiant, and the rest is the sword.


Had a little flicker.


No, she doesn't.


I'm sorry I doubted you!


And I was like, yeah.


He is giving me sass!


Good, I have to pee so bad!


She can stay.


(belches) Pardon me. Was that out loud?


What?! Really?


We search for a garment. We search for a man.


Do you know anything about the cages they keep their prisoners in? Are they magically enchanted or are they just cages?


This is where they were going to head after they got the ball, yes.


That's the Vecna symbol, right?


Yeah, back against the wall.


(quavering) Oh, no, just leaving a little message for my son here. He's a big worshipper. Ah. I walk away.


Oh my god! You're gonna kill him!


Tell Doty to get in, maybe.


I feel like we take care of ourselves pretty well.


I'll run in, search around.


The what?


Listen. I realize I'm not great with people. Just no need to point it out.


Wait, he was about to tell us who it is.


Is the tether between he and Ripley physical?


How do you see things?


Nice. Oh, is it still covered in the holy oil?


You didn't rage yet?


I'm doing okay.


That's kind of funny. (laughter)


Scanlan. Where do you want to go?


What makes sense?


He would instantly know that we're not in our home base, he could launch an attack on that place.


It's possible.


I just tap the stone. Ten hit points.


I think that’s a good idea.


Yes, I'm going to on my turn.


Let's see, it's one action.


I mean, it does but it blatantly obvious and simplistic. (laughter)


Yeah, we start heading up with Frumpkin ten feet in front.


No, this is the end of, like, Iron Man 3 right now. I'm kind of, I'm a little irritated.


Did we hear what god they worship?


Oh, I gave him tiny bits of dragon for this amazing flask of Stone Giant Strength.


We tried not to peek.


Oh, a dirigible? Dirigible I've heard of, but a balloon? I don't know what that is.


Oh. Like, the shits or the twirls?


They've got like two or three.


Why not. I'll go, (impacts).


And come back and finish the job.


I don't think throwing up a stone wall is going to necessarily stop K'Varn.


I am not. Merely asking a question.


(exhales) First one goes, then the other.


He died.


Yeah, we're out of the room.


I want you to explain every roll.


Should've picked up a copy. I was trying to go "before you jump into the ring with Muhammad Ali" type of thing, but Muhammad Ali isn't here.


Burn the wagon. (laughter)


Okay. So I'll just keep my sword at the ready.


Inspiration, d10.


My hate lives.


They're going to learn.


Okay. I'm going to use my speed to enter the hallway. Five, ten, 20 before I get to the thing.


We thought of that.


Oh, thank you. I know, I'm like, there's going to be a test later!


It's too hard to pull it back! This thing does it for you, look. (click)


Oh, we gotta interrogate.


Right, but --


(shouting) No! No time!


She might be unconscious too!


It's a really hot hot tub.


I love you, Travis.


It was gifted.


Oh, they're really scary.


Tell him we're all alive.


Do you want to? I don't think it's a small child down here.


Never mind, it's not my turn anymore, I can't say anything.


Let's just keep going.


Yeah. So I come up from the staircase.


Has the animation gone out of the guardian?


I'm still grappled.


And to cure any freakout, Ashley is going to join us. She's finishing up.


Two oozes and a monster man.


Fuck! All right. I’ll go up and see what they are saying.


(whoosh) Baseball. 17.


So you could drop it and do it again.


1d10 plus eight.


C-man? I thought I was the seaman? Fucking get your titles right. Come on, brother, you know you want to! I'm a proud son of a bitch!


Big, angry bastards.


Um. I could look at his face and his weird tics and deduce very hard.


Does anybody have a "mute" spell of some kind?


-- take the fish-head guy?


We need to find Dolan fast. We need to, I'm serious, find a lead box to put this thing in, because someone's going to want this very badly.


He's a real bear, Tary, he's a real bear.


I second that question.


I suddenly remember the letters that I stole from the ship, and I say: Percival! And I pull them out.


Circuit judge.


Fuck yeah! A two!


I got as far as I could.


Those are gold coins. You're not making it rain, you're making it hail, for god's sakes.


Salamander?


Might have problems.


Oh, wow, yeah? What kind of help?


All right. Is Iova still here, or has she trundled off?


Almostheaven? More like totally heaven. Always heaven.


Yeah, I light up my hands.


Side note  I did not come in this building. I'm hanging back and giving Identify a whirl on what's in my bag. That other armor. Outside.


It looks like an eye.


Behind-- sure, whatever.


We do keep getting turned to stone. This has been a problem, and it's been sticking around a bit. I feel like we should maybe take some precautions for the inevitable next time this happens.


That's the northeastern one?


Fuck it, I'll do it.


Could I try to get in there when nobody's in there?


I'm going to go poke it with a sword.


A tentacle frown.


I'll take out my shitty flask, as my good one is gone. Fill two vials with alcohol and then take out my vial of acid and pour it into the third. Are they reasonably the same colorish?


Refugees are often very unwelcome, too, and most of the people here did not have much left to lose before they lost it.


I come back down and I come down and I'm like (animal noises).


Would you possibly loan me 200 gold?


We mean you no ill will. It is you who are aggravating the situation.


There's fish people up ahead.


Do we want to have Keyleth there in case 900 undead zombies start pouring through, and she can Wall of Stone the door?


24 to hit.


The old-fashioned way?


Okay. Hey, Artagan, can you look at this wand?


Okay. That's shit. I rolled a 12.


Hello. Hi, there. Hi.


I mean, I would have to ask Wilhand for his permission.


But look, we did really good today. So I'm not going to go to sleep, I'm going to carry this over the next day, I want to see how hard we can push this.


Yeah. It was like 23 before.


Do what you were going to do. Do it.


I want to talk to the guards.


He's just noticing everybody.


Can you try the sphere again?


What if the green guy and the gal are busy, you follow?


On par with Emon, the city? Bigger? Smaller?


I was holding my action for this.


Yeah, I feel really good. I feel rested. I feel fucking healthy man. I don't know. I'm serious.


Jester!


Oh, jeez! Oh my god!


All right. Not great.


18, but I'm also--


I ought to get dressed.


Yeah, see what kind of magic is being held on top of it.


That's okay. Do you have a healing spell for people?


Think of it much like your book.


Does anything happen?


You've never seen a bat in the woods?


I heard a little. I wasn't sure and I then saw you and I thought oh, all right, well, you know, yeah, all right. So, what, you know? With the what? (whispers) What happened? With him?


That is a bad, bad creature.


Healing potions? I can heal with my words. Why would I need healing potions?


Sometimes we must sacrifice for the adventure.


Yes! I'm going to grab it from you.


I felt it coming.


Well, I didn't write exactly how much platinum we have. I transposed the platinum into gold in my notes.


Naked ass.


Caleb gets over it and he comes out and starts helping push the bodies onto the-- doesn't say anything, but starts pushing bodies onto the back of the cart.


Natural 20. 13.


Actually, funny enough. You don't go to a Wednesday Club, so you--


Hey-- oh god, everybody's-- Twiggy, can you grab that stack of books over there and throw them at Caleb? Or take a look at that.


-- and squeeze.


You're in Minecraft, right? Story mode.


Okay. I'm going to try to shoot an arrow, then, at where I remember her being.


From Alfield.


Good job, that's a good job.


I miss the twins.


I'll get a little closer this time and try for one of the pockets this time.


Did your brother make it back safely?


And the second attack gets eight.


Don't forget about your weapon master thing.


Good job, Scanlan!


Oh, they're gone. Okay.


Who worships the lobster-headed god Blibdoolpoolp, and it is a real god, and is dragged around by a pack of reindeer. Liam, what is the name of that character?


It's uncanny.


On the Twitters.


I'm going to continue eviscerating a dragon.


17. 24.


Is there anything in the room that seems like it could be hollow or anything?


It's huge, these are really big.


Egypt?


I try to do a little bit of the Off a Duck's Back.


So quietly.


Nott had a great idea actually though. We should keep our distance.


Can we go around the back of the tavern and look for back doors, floor latches?


All right. Let's go order some food.


Salt, salt.


All right, 27. Do you have any arrows that perhaps have magical properties?


Can I give him a healing potion? Can I heal him?


Pikey pants, what should we do? We should go help them, right?


Well, it is religion.


But she didn't leave the room.


Excuse me, Nadine.


That is a staircase.


We have something very important. We have a vial of yellow liquid.


How big is the training area, can we all be in the training area practicing our skills?


How's it going outside?


Yeah. I guess I'm straight-up stunned, huh? Can't move or take actions until its next turn. I can't move or take actions until my next turn.


All right. I'll pass.


Any excuse to hit Marisha.


Keyleth, you don't have any way of - say it gets hotter than this? You don't have any way of getting some water out here?


And I'm going to send her out next to Molly.


Can you Prestidigitation that shit off?


We went on sort of a walkabout. Me and Kaylie went off to the woods, did some camping. We found some travelers and sang to them, and told stories like we do. Entertained some folks. Some nights were spent alone, some nights in the company of people who wandered by. We weren't too far away from Whitestone.


It's beautiful. I am a bit of a light-footed one. Would it suit me?


Oh, Kord. That is painful.


But do you talk to him?


Well it's about, like, having high-- it's not necessarily being smart, it's about having resistance to willpower.


Head west, meet up.


It's like looking at the Technicolor logo.


Advantage on the shot.


Mine says "while raging, resist bludgeoning damage."


If we wait like 30 seconds and nothing happens.


I can see.


You're confident that you can lead us to these Shepherds.


Yeah! Teamwork!


Okay. Lovely.


Do I have access to some people to help build it, and some perhaps broken homes and chunks of wood and chain?


Okay. 22!


Yeah, I'll counterspell that too.


I'm sorry. I should have been more explicit about his insulting his penis size.


We're here to report a security concern of the utmost importance and urgency to you.


Okay. Yeah, we're good to go. 22.


Is it like paying your taxes, where it's not a real thing, but you kind of have to do it because it's on paper, and someone tells you to?


Fjord's distracting.


Will they fit through the hole?


Your clothes and bullshit is fine.


Oh, that's very trusting.


I'm resigning my decision right now.


We can track him. I'm a ranger.


If you ever want someone to stop looking for something-- they'll stop as soon as they know that thing is gone, or dead. So how about we frame High-Richter Prucine as the head of this Knights of Requital and let the law handle it the way they will. And we'll take care of Lord Sutan at the same time.


Would like my organs! Oh, I would like to save those.


Great. Well then, as my bonus action, I'll give Grog just a little bit more healing.


Yes, next room, next room's all mine.


Yes! So I just roll again?


Oh, please. I'm far too clever to ask such a simple question. That's easy. I would have to ask something that was very difficult to answer.


It would seem that way. [laughter]


All of them.


All right, we'll carry it.


It certainly is.


And I walk over to Grog and I open their bag of holding and take out my wheel of mending and I put it in here.


Can I land?


But the inside was purplish and red, right? Well, because it was obviously being fed blood.


That's a good question. I have a mild confession, and maybe I should have said this a little earlier, but I'm going to say it now. One night, I might have sneaked down into the middle of the ziggurat, and I stuck my hand in it.


There are. There are windows. Good call.


Does she get sneak attack since I'm adjacent to that?


I swear we just had this conversation. What changed?


Tech problems that make me want to murder someone.


Listen, I have read a lot of books. I know it is fretching.


Yeah, and he's not stealthed enough.


This is why maybe they took the beefy ones.


Yeah, I'd be okay with it.


(continually coughs)


That's another 12 points.


Two vertical lines.


What is wrong with all of you?!


Does it take the whole passage?


Again. (laughs)


I'm in the room with you.


Who's Nila?


I'm just worried that if you do it then the lycans are going to bust it, and then they just go to battle amongst themselves.


(sings) Oh my little pretty one, my little pretty one, Pike the Gnome-a, oh you make my nipples hum, my nipples hum, oh you make my nipples hum, Pike the Gnome-a. (laughter)


Yes! Three and a four. 13.


Hans and Franz, will you please muscle us up this stream?


You know? Hold off on that. I'm not saying it's not a good idea, but maybe we should workshop it. What--


It's free! Everyone asks if it supports us, we get a lesser cut or more cut, it supports us the exact same way.


I hope you pull something in your knee.


I feel like the trolls are gonna pop up, like, somewhere near us.


All year. (laughter)


I guess we do not need a perception check.


I'm going to go cold damage.


I'll take some Goodberries.


It's anti-Pike armor.


As long as there were no ashes in it.


Okay, that sounds fun.


I'm marked. With vengeance?


Come on, don't roll Sam's fucking dice.


Oh no! We're in its lair!


You, specifically.


I would like to chop down into the fleshy bit, and after I've sliced--


I can't see them?


Okie dokie. I'm going to send my duplicate out against the wall on this house.


And apparently so are we? Or at least talking about it?


(laughing) I take the insults!


How about, any tunnels?


We can bury him under a pile of produce or something like that, try and sneak him out of the city.


You can't just off-the-cuff that. You've gotta save that for something.


One's already blocked.


Whisper hits.


Eyes up. Make a perception, you said?


I didn't take anything, I'm simply letting you know.


We move over there to start digging.


Yeah, we're not gonna finish it.


If you want to.


Touché!


Two-handed great weapon master, please.


It'll be that much more special.


Good job, Grog.


Yeah, but did you see her fun buns, though? I did those.


A lot of motherfuckers just died on the top of that tower. You felt that?


An hour and a half.


Any toad creatures?


Do you intend to go up one of the other stairways? I believe this one by the entrance, the secret entrance we came in, will afford us the element of surprise. Do you think you want to go up one of the others?


We are outgunned.


Were we told that there was some sort of webbing?


(laughs) Totally fine, dear.


Nope. You never want to see them.


It's kind of obnoxious.


Can I cast Spirit Guardians to be around us?


Okay. Will I try?


Ten feet ahead is fine.


31 perception.


You're going to have to have some faith.


I'm regretting it myself.


No, I'm going to curse yours.


I don't remember. It wasn't very good.


See? Yeah.


That was so close to a one.


That's by flute. Wait. What about our brotherhood of-- what do we belong to? Not the Clasp--


They just turn on you that fast.


And I'll dump Smite into it, as well.


-- I was so confused, by my dream.


Did you just point at me and tell me to come to you so you can make me disappear and come back?


Ermahgerd. Ermahgerd?


Okay the first one definitely hits with a 20.


We will put that in our back pocket and we will think about it.


Wait, are all the assassins gone now?


Can we ribbon dance a little bit as we go?


No, perfect. Tell me I get another attack.


I'm more concerned about bringing in a man and a goblin.


Oh, well, if only I'd used my Identify spell.


That is a smart idea. That's great. Before we leave though, does anyone have a nagging, tugging feeling about that cloaked human who praised your performance? Should we investigate that at all?


Would a prison be an object?


These are the-- no, these still do 1d4, right?


This is coming to terms with a little bit of help.


A couple of weeks?


I'm going to turn into a shaggy-looking half-elf, literally probably look a bit like Shaggy from Scooby-doo.


So what do I do? Do I just roll regular?


Oh! That's 23.


We can hide behind rocks.


I know my vote, but anybody else?


As long as you're not going to whip out the cube, then lead the way.


Yeah, guns and ships.


They don't move that fast.


Or get out of his eyesight. Remember, your magic--


I think this might be a good look for me. How do I get it to stay?


Oh, shit. Can it be acrobatics, though?


All right, I've got the-- Oh, good God!


How far is it from here? I forget, it's been a few years.


I heard I rolled really well in the beginning of this.


Nugget.


Can I go down and grab Scanlan and put him on the broom with me?


I'm always excited for a surprise.


I think I'm going to wait for Keyleth.


Maybe it's a human thing.


(Infernal voice)


Deductive reasoning, you've got it. Nailed it, man, yeah. Good work. Okay, I'm going to go now.


We killed a rakshasa.


Can I still see through the window?


What were you going to say, Matt?


That's a one. (gasping)


It was the yearly bounce house festival. (laughter)


If they're armed with anything that has arcane properties.


Ten-sider!


We also make them fight and try to kill each other.


I'm trying a bit. I'm trying a new thing.


Before I give you this sword--


Right, so can I like, how far away is that guard that's on our tail?


I can see that about you.


I feel like that was before, though, the one reaction.


Scanlan, are you doing an ass cloud again?


This is still my regular attacks.


Either way, I don't feel very comfortable with it residing in my person.


And I take-- and I cast Control Water, and I just take the pool-- the water in the bottom of the pool, and I bend it, and I part the pool, and I take it and I cascade it all the way up, following the lava flows.


I also have a propeller beanie, and a bag of chips, and-- I heard you say that. Who has them?


You need more paper?


Well I'm still here with this big, giant manticore head so-- you guys got Caleb?


Okay, I'm going to use my movement to just haul ass towards these guys.


Do you think I should shit somewhere--


Is that behind him, is that what the--


Taliesin wants to get rid of it.


I'm going to try Lesser Restoration on him. I'm not sure if it'll work.


I rolled a two?


You should lie more. It's good.


Fair enough. All at once?


Oh my god, are you going for it?


You have something new on your chest.


Alter Self doesn't do that.


Yeah, do you want Grog?


Definitely a long time since I've dealt with anyone in a dragon mask.


Definitely trying to memorize that.


I love shooting you in the face.


Ladies and gentlemen, we have a bunch of shirts to sell tonight.


I saunter in.


She'll remove it soon enough.


I lost a lot of hit points actually today. I could use a recharge.


Slew.


Would we know if this is the stretch of road that they were talking about, that they were having issues with?


Yeah, while you guys were fucking about with him.


I mean, you can tell me. There's no love there. Everything you've heard about goblins is true. They're awful in every way.


Bradley Dealman?


I will move away from the sniper fire, so where Taliesin used to be, where Percy used to be.


Yeah, I mean it's a 5, so. (all laugh)


Wait, wait, hold on. Can I cast Guided Strike? Which adds ten to--


Yeah. Might as well.


And I'll just do both right now. And--


But I can get us a safe place to stay for the night, no matter where we are.


We still have Caduceus. Yeah.


I'm bringing my sister to a bar.


To work out the details of all of this?


Any information on how to get there?


A disembodied voice says  Oh! This is going wonderful.


Anyway, I get to it eventually. (laughter)


Why would she be saying it's a trap if it's not her?


It's just Percy and the gnomes.


One quick attack, or do we try and take them out quietly? I assume-- well, we'll take a look at what it is.


Sorry, Charlie.


For the arrow, yeah.


I can dodge that shit! I can dodge that shit!


Thank you. I'm not terribly familiar with Whitestone, could you point us in the right direction?


Yeah. Just floofy with Kiri in between.


We don't have anything to store it in, really.


I take my hand away, trembling, like I don't want to give it up.


It's as easy as that.


Ten, 11 points of damage, because I'm going to use Fury of the Small.


I hand the books to little Kiri and I say Keep these safe.


Oh no, we can't see anything.


It can't possibly be that good.


Are there more rats?


I think I have advantage on this because of rage. I do. 21.


27 to hit, or something like that.


I think I play a synth. And there you go.


Still bleeding!


Surprise attack would've been really good on these guys.


We do have a big dressing mirror.


I take the insults, and I continue.


I sing to myself  (singing) Scanlan Shorthalt. I'm a gnome. My name is Scanlan Shorthalt. I'm a gnome. There's a million chicks I haven't boned, but just you wait--


Oathbreaker, baby!


You definitely don't.


But I just had to pick the two.


This is the best plan.


It is. With a little whiskey.


I knew you’d say that. That's a 16.


Wow. I feel like we're about to improve all of your general experiences of the world.


He makes us better.


Right in the ball sack.


Heal our, what are we calling him?


You don't seem as blissed out as you normally do. Did it go okay?


I didn't even realize I was sitting here like---


I'm totally depleted until we sleep.


Yeah. So do you have protection? Do you have something you could turn into?


That's with the fire.


Yay! Can I get up to the doorway? Tell me that I can.


Do I get anything from it? Is it a normal human skeleton?


I'm always paranoid.


That cloak sounds useful.


I'll make sure Caleb's square.


You were gone! It was crazy.


Maybe you should! Maybe we will! Let's do it.


Are you going to rest now? Are we doing anything else? Are you resting now, or do you wish to take this time now?


I wanna say let's give him some privacy, but at the same time I do kind of want to see him.


Empire kids wouldn't know?


Will you point us a little bit out so we can see --


Is there room on either side of them?


I also think he might be who lives in that hut.


Mirror in brass. So it's an iron room, right?


Man, you know what I would give for a flying fucking carpet right now?


Nudie picture books!


That's a 31 to hit.


I don't know. This feels like we're being lured right into a trap. We're following him.


I'll use my Sprinter's Boots.


He's doing a lot of math.


Against my 14? Yeah!


I want to put the private council table in the room with it.


I gave it to him, he gave it to her. And you're taking it? Hey, hey, hold on a second!


Oh, that's it? Not Lesser?


Careful for falling limbs.


Yeah, how do you mean?


Who did Arkhan come in after?


Can we fly the carpet forward?


I had some bad tikka masala earlier.


This is her only reaction. Oh, that's a 20 million. 25.


Until Grog did his thing. Yeah, but I wanted to see what happened. So it would be after this.


As a bat, do I have an action and bonus action like Vax does, or just one thing now?


I drop my invisibility and go over and give Tibsy a big hug.


We rest and then go. If we rest for 30 minutes, and then I switch and then we have the eagles, then we can get up in another 30 minutes, and then it's an hour. Theoretically, short resting is our shortest.


All of the ones webbed to the walls are just as emaciated and dead?


I'm going to have her take a couple of steps away from the tree.


No, I like her idea. I want to see him here.


Does this sound like some sort of ward against the undead?


Fine. Proceed.


I've abandoned my son!


I guess get it out of your system then, that's fine.


You're quite powerful.


He wants that, but I think his taste sucks. So I'm going to go for that brass piece of armor back there.


Good luck tomorrow.


Yes, so he has to turn and move away from us.


Okay. Let's take it!


Close the Bag of Holding and I just drag him back over.


That is a really good macaroni art you've made. It's so good. That's a boat, right?


Good to know! 21!


It's plus seven?


That does... ten points of damage?


You cannot resist!


How many are engaged with you right now?


The House of Valor.


No, that's the attack.


I cast Spiritual Weapon, a giant purple lollipop! Oh no. I've got some, but you have one too, don't you?


Don't you think that about everyone and everything?


Yes, I'm a natural caster. You're the only arcane caster.


Boy, there's a life lesson. D&D continued.


Oh, yeah, that.


Sure, try it. We'll see what happens.


We're looking for fresh air.


Oh, that was so amazing.


I want to pour a cup of coffee-- (laughter)


All right. That'll do. We've got a plan.


Captain Maximilian is probably like that.


I think it lasts for a while.


Do you need help off the coals?


I feel like-- if you worked so hard on a map, I was feeling a little guilty.


There's a guy darting.


Pretty standard.


However, for the second slash, I'm going to use Cutting Words to reduce the damage.


Oh, fuck. One of these guys. What? A wall?


But it's usually poison you put--


I ate them, and I was fine.


Roughly how long has it been since we were here?


All right, maybe, maybe a quick look. Maybe a quick look.


Can we see, does it look like he's got hands and eyes complete?


I have the other one, yeah.


With the additional d6, yeah.


If you want your glasses back, we decide here and now.


Oh no! Should you add it? Add it!


Well, that was the High-Richter's house. But Lord Sutan probably went home and noticed his rug was missing.


Can I use my natural 20 now?


I wouldn't make a show of it.


Shit, balls, ass. Oh, three.


What will you use it for?


Mine is also a save against dex of 15.


Oh, well then I'm going to fucking do that!


Into his cell.


Why do we need to commit this crime, and then suffer the apt consequences?


She's drawing a weird alien creature.


I am totally okay with a Hail Mary.


That's right. That's ooh! 15 points of damage.


Just hope it listens to what you say.


How high in the air is--


Knowing's better, yeah, books.


Which is even worse, I know! This feels tactless, I'm out! (all laugh)


Wait, the ring. Within 60 feet of each other. All of this was a waste of time.


Can we read it? Do we understand it?


I see a sailboat.


I mean, yeah, but one's got boobs.


Please. Last week I was like, "How does this shit work? What do I do here?"


I got a seven.


It has already been burned down.


Oh, you need to ask the white-haired one. I dunno.


I like Girl Scout cookies.


There's no stores.


Oh, I can be ten feet away. I can be ten feet.


The whole group. So we can all be with the wispy smoke.


We should wake up. Everybody should wake up. We should get out of here before they come back with more people.


Does this look or smell like anything those people eat?


Great. In that case--


Safe house cleared?


Is that above us or is that?


I've dropped Haste on you.


You're in my ear. Ow!


Oh, that's actually plus one for persuasion. 13.


Frumpkin was obliterated.


Can I reach out with my hand and try and touch whatever it was that smashed me in the face?


Well, we all did.


Marius LePwel. Pwal. P-U-A-L.


I was going to ask  beard?


And the Dwendalian Empire is fighting you? And they're stealing your babies? Because this is the only way you can have babies?


Just... he's charming, but both eyes open, please.


They have to make a constitution save.


Whoa. I am going to tell you everything that just happened, in detail, in real time. (all laugh)


He has slain things, he has saved things, and I have as well! If we're talking about trust, what on earth have any of you people done to earn our trust? What have you done that we have requested? Ever?


Hey, you're not drunk anymore, look at that.


He can't move through.


Oh my god, oh my god. Is your name Babenon Dosal? Have you ever been to the Menagerie Coast? Oh my god, do you know the Ruby of the Sea? Oh my god!


Wind fingers for Vorugal.


You've just been wearing it and it's not done anything?


It got lost and was refound.


Frumpkin can be here or Frumpkin can be there, and right now he is here.


I could carry it if you want.


I respect this squarely, but if you really feel like this is turning, then we'll turn.


Yes, do you remember her?


This is right up our alley. Like this is literally what we've been training for our whole lives.


Okay. Do I believe her? I do! Okay.


No, people carry boxes.


It's just an extra couple gold.


Never forget. The Deck of Many Things.


I've got like a scythe.


15 plus ten.


She's fleeing.


By about ten feet.


That was not what I had in mind! Straight, delicate stabbing.


Is it chains or rope?


Also, Caleb has been very distant for the last couple of hours, but absentmindedly scoops up Nott's hand. Doesn't look at Nott, but holds Nott's hand.


Where? At the tavern?


I get another thing?!


That's true. And Bryce was a soldier of the Dwendalian Empire?


Where are we meeting Ulog?


It was the chariot.


Is there a buzzer system?


You see why I left this town? Ugh, people.


Do it in a different language! What other languages do you speak?


But if you make it reckless, it's a straight roll.


And we're incapable of destroying the thing on our own.


You're not going to kill another of our friends in front of us, are you?


How do you want to mow this? (laughter)


On the way out, can I grab Wence again, one last time?


Shh. I've got a backup if it doesn't work. He says you can restore files anywhere via direct download, or restore by mail and receive a hard drive with your files. Yes, Yev, but how does Backblaze keeps all those backups for such a low price?


Oh, motherfucker! [cheering]


It was kind of crazy, right? Have you heard any ghost stories around town lately? About scary things happening?


Nobody was aware I was panicked the whole time. The thorns are almost like small razors.


We'll try! [break]


I can't get Pike?


Oh, hi! Hello.


If we're screwed, we might have to be us.


Okay, carry on, let's go.


Can he get multiple drinks out of it?


Are you shorter?


Right. So you have ears in all the right places.


To chase it away.


What is your--


I don't think we should camp here.


Two. And this includes the rest of you lot everybody leaves, except for Scanlan and Grog, and they stay.


I was desanitizing him.


Yeah, got to roll for initiative.


He’s on the same side as me?


I'm going to try to finger it right in the hole that I came out of before.


I'll get up and go down. See what's down there.


Well, that he lived on an island in the sea. And they were going to get married. He said he wanted to and he went to prepare his house and never came back. She thought maybe something bad happened to him.


So we rest here for a night or two and then, to the Feywild?


You two totally made out on graph paper.


2d10, and you're immune to poison, fear--


They've probably left a good amount of army there to keep people under control. We'd have to get in and out in a couple of hours.


Okay, then I'll Banish him.


Yeah, I actually feel like you're starting to get a rash. (laughter)


Well, fucking answer me next time, Jesus!


A volcano is nature's candle! What a stupid question.


I rolled it really badly. I'm not good at dice.


So that's eight.


I think a short rest would not be a bad idea.


Has anything you've gone through with us been like the books you've read?


I was starting to go in that direction of: Is this a real thing?


Could've been worth five copper on the open road at one point.


18 plus nine.


He has to land to get his treasure.


Well, under ordinary circumstances, I would be giving you quite an earful, but there's nothing ordinary about any of this. I don't have time to be upset at my oldest friend. I just don't have time. So I love you. And I'm happy for you.


I'm going to spend my turn removing the mud from my eyes, and I think I still have a charge in my flashlight, at this point.


We should probably get back. We've been here awhile.


Much deserved.


I imagine that all of the buildings look like mushrooms.


Even if we found a way, you wouldn't take it. To reverse the deal. I'm not asking. I'm just confirming.


Ten of Hearts, Yes! Joker, Queen of Hearts, and another Joker! What?!


What about nudey pictures?


Jesus. It's like a parking lot in Texas.


I saw this movie! (laughter)


Want to borrow some dice?


Don't push my buttons, man.


Okay. Oh, who's right directly in a row, away from me? Yeah, I can't tell. It's a bad guy?


Hmm, weird. All right. That's my turn.


Did you get glue all over my robe that I put on him?


No, 'cause I don't have that!


I think he likes me, y'all. What is it, a bite attack or a claw attack? Does it matter?


Can I see it as I'm cruising through? I see him?


Keep walking? Thank you, friend.


Ugh. I know you're right. (sighs)


Kash, are you sure you don't want to go with Vax?


I feel like I'm going to have to write some house rules from now on.


Can we put them all in the bag?


Don't you?


Should I stick something in these eyes?


Do it! It's good for America. Eat candy from strangers.


I left after him.


Like I said.


Their speed is halved.


I don't know! I wasn't expecting to move! How close am I to that one near the tree? Can I move to her?


I think he knew you would do well with it.


You could win twice.


I've got an herbalism kit.


I was asleep.


You seem really great, too. You should probably take us to him, then.


Kill her!


Does it seem like there's cobwebs? Does it seem dusty and disused?


Grog, don't move yet. I'm going to go back in for another look.


The resin's the best part.


Maybe let these two, that aren't under house arrest--


Yeah. I knew when she showed that exuberance at diving down that it was a matter of urgency, and I just couldn't catch her. We made our way down this well into this open, spherical room. At the bottom underneath some algae, there was a recession. It looked like it had space for an orb, like the eye that's in my sword. In my dullardly moment of trying to figure how the fuck I would get it in there, she reached out, and she has the same sort of thing in her hand. She put it in before I could put the sword in. It ripped the eye straight out of her hand. Pulled her hand back and blood was coming out of it; I thought it had done something to her. That's when I saw these arcane-like symbols light up and they shoot across the floor and straight up toward you guys right above the water.


That is a negative two.


So 23 plus six. That's fine. The lightning damage, the cloak doesn't absorb that?


Are they Superman and Wonder Woman? What the heck?


That's what I'm talking about. When you're in a circus, sometimes you get paid to do gigs. Things have happened. I've run a couple things in my time.


It's just like an NPC, just Skyrim.


We got all the ears. Should we search for more survivors and then burn it to the ground?


What's this one thinking? You do that, right?


I'll keep the good time in mind. And you?


The blade's gone?


Convince us to let you keep it.


My people failed, we failed our cause.


Okay, enjoy working for the man. I walk off.


Molly, Nott, and Jester?


So I crouch down, take two fingers and I get him by the nostrils and pull back the top of his head and say, "Do it, Pike. Pour in your holy light right in his mouth. Give it all to him."


Oh, and so I'm going to roll crit damage. That's funny.


Yeah, we're going down.


Save some for me!


He's a dot.


Aye. Scanlan, should we go and make sure that your wounds are completely healed?


I don't know. Wish there was a manual.


People on YouTube always get mad at us.


Fucking power plants are shutting down--


That rhymed.


As it does that, do I recognize the spell?


And he bites him and he claws him!


Well, I have a tree. I can get us there.


I would also say, as we're tromping through, that I would push forward and try to catch up with Jamedi, momentarily. Oh jeez, what is that?


All of that, I say all of it.


Are we all agreeing that, have we all decided to come here or here?


Where's he at?


I want to start eyeballing the ground of the house for any kinds of traps set out. Is that investigation, yeah?


I go towards the back "alley".


We might not.


I'm into it. I'll take it.


Yes, if things went south--


Eat all of the fruit.


I got 99 problems and a troll ain't one.


It's totally fine!


No, it was nothing. But it's a lot of space, so if we wanted to store something for safekeeping, it's a good spot to do it.


We'll hunt them down.


Or Arkhan.


Ally.


Sorry, Kima. We're dicks.


We're already out of the house.


How is Pike?


13. No, I have advantage.


Ooh, he has found the ship. This is a reminder I can't hear any of you. I don't want to disconnect. Don't give me wet willies.


I know of the things that Tiberius has told us.


Titanstone?


I don't know. You're sweet on him, yeah?


I don't know what that means, a bottleneck.


I turn to my little buddy and I say  are you ready for a ride, little man?


It's funny, see, my name's Beau because my parents wanted a son.


Are you still alive?


I'll move forward and then do it.


I jump on Keyleth.


Where are we? I just loop my sister's head and then I loop Keyleth and I just pull them in. (gasps) Where are we?


Is all this going at the same time?


With dirt?


That's right! New York City, we are coming to you guys! East coast, this show is finally for you. We are going to be at the United Palace theater in Washington Heights, Thursday night at 9:00pm, October 4th, the Thursday before NYCC. It's our first time on the east coast; take a train, take a plane, take an automobile! Whatever it takes, come and see us. I do believe that the VIP tickets are sold out, but there are plenty General Admission seats still available. It is a gorgeous theater. Liam, back me up.


(poof poof)


I could help you.


I'm a little nervous!


I'm thinking really hard.


I thought there were only five?


It comes towards us every 15 seconds or so.


Oh my God. Keyleth thinks she died. Keyleth thinks she's dead.


Oh my god, she's going to die.


Ah! Shit, add 4 to that. I’m sorry. I’m an asshole.


Which is a d20. I'm going to roll the damage really quickly. Oh wow, this is a lot of damage. I apologize. 17 points of lightning damage.


Goddamn it! 13!


Yeah. With Whisper, she has to make a saving throw with a DC of 18 or become frightened of me for a minute, on a crit.


Yes, level one.


Welcome back, Ashley! Now you have to wait a year to play again.


No, he's brought a plastic shelf with himself, apparently.


(yelling) Fuck you, Ryan Green! Fuck you!


I fly off towards the center of the city, towards where the entrance of the portal was, 'cause I'm assuming there would be sages and clerics waiting there.


Okay, can I sprinter's boot over to Grog? Sorry, no glasses, guys. So I don't see where I am.


I know where there are diamonds.


To buy a bunch of baubles and trinkets and buttons and ribbons and string and beads and one crescent ornament.


I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon right next to that one that Beau's fighting.


A super important mission.


Is he damaged?


Might just be a dwarven king.


Shit, I'm not going to be here! Fuck, I really want to be made over!


For charisma? I'm assuming?


Wait, what?!


I don't know. I'm going to ask for one of each of these beers because I want to have a tasting competition. I'm not going to be drinking alone.


To be fair, I am rowing.


I just can't believe we didn't find that bowl for you.


(nasal voice) Nine.


And the next guy, the next guy, get out your tubs of mayo for Mr. Travis Willingham as Grog freaking Strongjaw! (cheering and chanting)


On the way. And then, or, TBD, find something else to do. I guess Grog's thing is the most promising. We know that there's Knuckles there, we know that there's people we'll know there.


Okay, I'm going to scry on him.


Well, at least it's the same place each time, so if it does close off, we at least know how to find you.


He played in, like, a Wal-Mart in Anchorage.


Maybe before we go randomly hiring people what do we need to make this attack? We can probably get in. Also, we're not attacking, right? We're just going to go and try to rescue, or maybe pick off one or two of them, or smoke them out, so that the prisoners, or whatever, have to leave and we can rescue, right? We're not trying to kill everyone in the motherfucking house, right?


Oh my god, right now.


I'm going to go to the super hurt one and be like (scream), grab it and I'll do Shocking Grasp.


Sorry, I caught one of them. (laughter)


We have to make sure that you survive long enough to get it there. I mean, I wish you'd just grabbed the book. That would make life more easy.


23 points of lightning damage. And also he has to do a strength check or drop the axe.


I got 29.


Skype.


It's nothing you haven't had to regrow before.


Thank you. All right. Goodbye. I'll see you soon, Little Elf Girl.


You should probably take a bath.


There's fire.


That anus! That's 13.


Do I have any geographical idea of where we are in the city? Is this located under the Sun Tree?


Wherever we decided it was best to create the tree.


I just pop out of the door and address the people.


Oh, you're right, yeah.


A succubus.


Is that the sound of Pass Without a Trace?


Creepily. Very creepily.


Oh, he's out of range. Shit.


Plus, here's the thing. Caduceus is really perceptive.


You're more than cool.


Shopping?


Hey, buddy?


It happens.


Was there a gelatinous cube at one point?


You're lucky he's nice, Grog.


It's just the five Neins.


Level? It's a level two-- a level four spell.


It's gonna be you, Batman. Let's see what you got, old chum. Oh hoh, bye, you're out. (laughs)


One and a two.


I am not suggesting you try.


Is my thing still going?


Yeah, Matt. Why did you roll two natural ones?


Oh, I did the math between all the platinum and gold that we found, we should each get 163 gold pieces.


Hits me.


I know, no problem.


Okay. That will do. So don't expect a lot of hospitality, and let's just have our business, get it done, and get out.


I love your enthusiasm, but I tend to agree with Molly here. Maybe the baby just stays put?


Did you? You bought that book?


I'm sorry, boo! It's not good, an 11.


You guys looked wonderful. You especially, Samuel.


So basically it's you. You can use it.


From "It wasn't my intention."


That's provided we kill it. If we lose, they get nothing. I'm just saying, from their perspective, we're offering them literally nothing.


Apologies.


Plus intelligence?


(hoarse) The good one, fucker.


Any bonus moves there, Pikey?


She's 20 feet from Sylas.


I said 19.


It's a 6th-level.


How much longer is he going to be tiny?


Does it cancel out the disadvantage?


Where are those pottery tools, Gil?


-- things on. Those are mostly filled with little bits of gunpowder I have wrapped up in the thing.


This is quite possibly the only one in existence, so this is quite exciting.


That one's seven points of damage.


Abjuration?


You guys have a fucked-up relationship.


I took it back from you last game.


I'm going to find mulled wine. It's cold, and I want to be warm.


Gives you wings!


Ted?


40-something years now.


First attack, don't fuck me Gil, 15.


(quietly) What would-- why would you do this?


I'm always doing squats, man.


How are rooms there? Are they underground and filled with water and mold?


I already did it.


We can drag mattresses down into the living room, light a fire.


She's a good person and she deserves much better than the likes of me--


Oh, my size, not my height?


Well, he's all I've known and he's wonderful. He's my family, since I left, and I'm sorry I haven't really contacted you guys.


I ask right now, is he--


Yeah. 19 to hit?


Caleb, if you do the bubble thing, can the insects come in the bubble? Can you make it?


Thank you, Treev.


No, we can't let her go. But I'm saying we have to let her go from our group. Somewhere safe.


Or destroy the city and replace it with that one.


Ten minutes. 11 minutes, yeah.


You look like you're headed this way, did you need something?


It's still a lot.


I just. I don't know. It's still something that I need to think about.


Even if they're thorny? Even like holy thorns? Oh.


I piñata swing, reckless, great weapon master.


(Grog voice) Grog would like to take his Chain of Returning off of one of the axes he had it on and put onto the Firebrand Warhammer that he took off of that dwarf in Kraghammer.


There's enough room now, for the carpet to go back and take all of us?


Oh, that's good. 12 points of healing.


I have the eternal string, and I have the rod.


I do! I've decided it would be really funny to be here really late three days in a row for the rest of my life, and so I'm-- I don't want to quite say "taking over." Is "taking over" the word?


That's why I go far away.


Do you want us to excuse the two of you?


Kiki, is that-- Oh.


Good morning, sleepy heads! I leave the book leaning against the door.


This is our best chance because we don't want them to get to their destination because then they are surrounded by many friends.


62?!


Not right now. I'm going to wait.


Way too happy about that ten damage.


Nobody else hit it!


I walk forward and slap my hand on the guard's arm and say, we saved Uriel, you will stand down now. Uriel would not be alive if not for the people around you now. She's fine. Walk away.


On the lock, yeah-- I'd like to sneak in.


Not as good. 11.


You're right. I would be honored to have this sword. Caleb. Thank you.


I'm going to have the deeds to the Anders family crypt transferred to your name. I want you to clean it out. Throw the bodies wherever; he has disgraced himself. Clean them. And if you can, if you can find people who can do it, I want to very quietly, in that crypt, create a small shrine to the Raven Queen. This will help. And I bring out the vial of blood from the pit. Perhaps they will know what to do with that.


That's true. Probably need to start studying Orcus as well.


And I hit it with Sentinel!


(laughs) Great one.


It does?


No, that's 19 to hit.


Should we rejoin our fellows?


It's a traveling zoo!


The blood is blue. (laughter)


Healing potions are blue.


We learned something today.


Looks like I can't see this guy because there is a pillar in between, so the other guy.


What about Nott?


I didn't expect you to say that.


That's never a good answer. (laughs) You can try.


The nitwit. That's-- okay.


This is D&D in 2015, people, 2015. So that's the first attack, right? Now I get a second attack?


No, we did very well.


You know, when I'm drinking ale, this voice goes like: "Stop!" But I'm like: "No." And I keep going. And sure enough, I should've stopped.


You can be mid dook?


And we have spent a lot of our hard-earned cash saving this for them.


Now, wait a second.


And nowhere on the board are any of my allies within melee combat range of any enemy.


They might be gone already!


Survival? Great. Any advantage on that?


I turned into a bear. It's Willow!


Here you go. (pouring noise)


Don't tell anyone I sang to a book.


Oh, I didn't add plus ten to the previous one!


Well, I could try to--


Same way that he did.


Shh. Who's around?


Stop. (giggles).


Don't let them have it.


The lesson in the lesson.


(singing) Hello, my name is Simon.


Oh yeah, you've been trying to attune to it.


Eight! Oh, seven, I'm sorry.


You're villains on everything, are you?


I was actually technically watching from downstairs.


I have been having them, but I wouldn't think to comment on them because they're just fucking dreams.


Are there?


Let's go there. Please, god.


Lesson learned.


The three, in theory, is actually low enough to break it further.


I'm trying to dispel the magic.


Oh, good. Then 2d8 for them. Nine, and then times two because it was critical? 18.


--wasn't fair.


We're missing one.


Come on, now.


Kill them all before we change our mind. (laughter)


Can't you just take one of these things and call it a day? (laughter)


No shit, it won't matter.


I tip him five gold and I give him a wink.


Not a bad idea.


Which is why it's frustrating, because I feel like we can beat her to the fucking punch.


I know. And throw the figurine to a point on the ground within 60 feet of you it becomes a living mastiff for up to six hours.


Oh, that's terrifying.


It's actually also still around her, it occurs to me.


I understand that sentiment. Trying to find a little respite, a little peace.


Okay, and I've seen Trinket and I've seen Scanlan?


All these overlapping things happening?


If you had gotten the 20.


That was the portal that Thordak came out of. It ripped apart my entire--


No, it's a crate, Liam.


Pumat, before we go, I wanted to ask you, I know that you're an annex of the Cerberus Assembly. How do you feel about the governing parties here in town? Are you happy with the way things are run?


I think I had this at one point, and yeah it did not have that. I'm going to just ready another-- actually I'm free now. I'm going to try and back into the corner near that treasure chest. I'm just going to ready another--


Because I'm hasted, that does not hit.


Coming out of eagle form, and I'm gonna do my thunderpush. So I take my staff and I throw it down. Kerplash.


I understand that.


He got kicked into another dimension!


Can I take his helmet off, and look at his face?


Trying to throw it in the garbage, but it hit your balloon.


I just drooled a little. Oh god.


Can I use my bonus action to go into a frenzied rage?


The visualization was worth it alone.


We have Gilmore shirts. We have a few-- We have Strongjaw shirts! Are you wearing yours?


Oh, I mean, don't make any special exceptions on my part. Fuck.


You should probably lick the ground everywhere and see if you taste that blood anymore.


I would like to visit him, please.


Which ones, specifically?


I need help.


(shouting) No! God, we've been through way too much of that here lately.


Oh, so no.


Singular.


Do I buy this?


How far away are his friends?


That's my voice, Ashly.


Can I insight check him as he's reading the cards? See if his face twitches at all, if it looks like he's making shit up.


Submersive party cruise.


Flanked.


Port Damali's all the way up at the top. We could just stop at the next city up.


You know what? I think he's not quite ready. I think it was just the idea of it.


I think they can bite besides the neck, right?


Aw, shit.


You two. Leave.


Bonus action, I will Healing Word myself--


Question. You mentioned we are going into the Moonbrush with lycan hunters?


Let's pretend like I knew that.


Is there any city on the way to Vasselheim?


Second dagger. Definitely hits, that's a 26.


Isn't that brilliant?


Maybe before we sleep. Can you talk to the nature?


It's like Skyrim, y'all. There's a stool and a cheese wheel.


Don't do too much damage!


This smells weird. I really like it.


I don't mean to ask the obvious question, but how did he know we were here?


How about a giant?


Why don't we take him with us? Just in casies--


Emaciated?


Thank you. I'm an old man! When you're going through the Giphys, maybe you'll come across one of these bad boys that we're going to create live, right now, and then send some love to D&D Beyond. I'll act one out. I'm going to go over here to this camera, Matt, if you'll excuse me for one second--


Abandoned?


What are you going to name it?


I'm going to hold my movement until it's so close that I want-- I'm going to hold my movement until--


What should we be looking out for? Is there some sort of natural dangers, unnatural dangers?


No, but everybody else is doing it. Those peasants are doing it.


Can you run away before he can get an opportunity of attack on you?


To carry one of those beasts if we kill one.


It literally is a poopy diaper.


He can just make light again.


We improvise. It's what we do.


Come, let us go sit over here.


We've run from them.


Oh, it is? I go and look at it.


The Marquis Demesne.


I would like to walk past Scanlan and grab it out of his hand.


I finish reading everything, I go over to a sleeping Jester, pull her blankets up and tuck her in a little bit, and then I crash out.


I'll do Hallucinatory Terrain, and I will make it look like she said. One story, no cellar.


2d6. That's another 18.


I love a good stage show.


I do that thing where frat boys do the chest bump.


That's right, which I do.


Can we go to that place?


First word. Two syllables.


I'm going to turn that plus four to a plus seven.


We don't have a body, so we're basically making a diamond Vax.


You got this.


He's one of you. There's four of him.


I bet it does.


This is a new movie? This isn't something from years ago?


This is like the lid of a jar; everybody's loosened it up, and Pike's going to--


I don't remember what it was. Sorry.


Yeah, yeah, yeah!


It's a huge question, yes. What do you think, personally? What is this small group that you're leading? What's your plan?


It was a wooden wand from one of Vecna's people that I hijacked.


How did the golden snitch do?


Here comes the cube.


Ugh, it's sweaty.


Where is his fucking stupid tapestry? Where is it?


You were that young?


Yasha starts throwing up.


You could totally have taken them.


I start taking my broom and swinging it around me to see if I hit anything that's invisible.


I don't know, man.


It didn't work.


I turn to Vax. What did you do?


He pulled away from my wrists, and I'll give him a little of the same. Put my fists together and just swing straight down into his solar plexus since he's sitting on top of me.


That's the plan.


And I will just be backup for her, and I also will inspire her.


No, I didn't think of that.


Ugh! Ah! Ooh! Oh!


The rest of us see this now, right?


I'm not going to join them.


Potbelly.


I'm underwater. I'm going to jaunt back up, up to the surface.


Wow, I've got to get some more 20s out here.


Well, don't be stingy.


I was born to do this.


She won't know for a while. It always takes them a while to wake up. That elven woman, she would cast something, she would do something to the manacles.


May I just ask, this Linus person over there, are they just writing everything down that we say?


Hide, Kima! Oh, she doesn't have an earring.


Yes, we definitely should have a Heroes' Feast.


Think of jewelry. That was close, though. Think of jewelry.


Yes, I take it.


Wait, what are the colors of Whitestone again?


I figured she was dead, then not dead--


I've never seen him wake up with water all over him.


Miss. He's shooting at me?


Okay. Can I? He can go. Do you want to go? All right. What do you want to be?


It's near the Hespit, not quite--


That's it. That's all I've got.


What does it give me, just full movement?


Keyleth!


Dra.


I love these things. Right? They're so fancy.


Oh, so it is. (laughter)


Caleb, send Frumpkin up and see what the lantern light is.


I'm going to dislodge it, because it was already so weak.


A-N-A-M-N.


So yeah, I'm going to give it a little bit of sound.


Where did you guys get these cookies?


We need more of his brutish, tank-ish strength.


Yeah. Even like this much? If it's just moved.


Oh shit. (all laugh)


He's fine. (laughter)


Let's go fuck him up.


Vote as a group. Hand up if you want a short rest.


We're not getting rid of you quite that easily.


How's it going over there, Grog?


All right, we'll just take one of those.


That's pretty good!


I go back to the guard and ask where the Chastity's Nook is.


Nostoc Greyspine?


No, it's on a page and a marker.


There's nothing to do?


If that's the case, we have to move on foot above ground quickly and get close, and then I can tunnel us down. I think that's the only way. Other than that, we're taking several hours to get there at a very slow pace.


Okay, so that's 16, (counting), 32 points of damage for the first shot.


It's dark. It's raining.


Can you do that?


Holy bajeez. One.


I'm helping.


Oh, such FOMO. (laughter)


I'm keeping my Pass Without A Trace up.


How long have we been awake at this point?


Time to call the Sandman.


(electric guitar sounds)


They're not all goliaths.


Before I go, I say  stay in school, kids. And then I mist.


That would have been right before the unpleasantness.


What, a plane? A heaven plane? A god plane?


I like unlearnt folks.


All the strudel and schnitzel are so far away now and we are in this exotic place.


Can we sneak around the ruin?


Oh, I get twice that, good. Oh, good, that was way better.


Go check Hilda's house, as well, for clues.


Do you think Santy of the Shore Shanty sells sea shells?


Broken clock. Twice a day. Well done.


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (chuckle) (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (chuckle) shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale!


Yes, in a word. Actually, magic is the perfect word.


They won't scream at you when you pick them. Good. It's good.


Are we going to rest here?


Not if you know how to handle them.


Maybe we should just kill one of them to make an example.


Healing draught.


Sam's scamming you.


And if not, I feel like we should keep a certain amount for ourselves for our travels, but we could leave a token sum to help him on the way.


Hmm...


You just want her because she's badass and you could hump her.


You think she was going to jump into that orb?


I think that's a-- Okay. All right, well, I'll just--


So I want to give you a magic egg. And I reach into the bag of holding and I take out a basilisk egg that I have no fucking idea how old it is. But, it's in there. There are six of them.


Does this rusty bolt represent Sprigg?


Add a d4.


Oh wait, no, I used my bonus action to disengage. Trinket can't do that.


I don't-- Leonard Hyphen Leonard.


Got nothing.


Yes, they can vote for me.


I have no plan!


It's a big stone door?


Yes. I was hoping, I was really hoping, someone would say that.


I'm going to fly up to the top of a tree and try to be high up.


She crossed me one too many times.


And try to claw through, because he saw Grog get swallowed.


We're gathering the strength right now. Some among us have already-- the one who's making weird faces has already sworn allegiance to another god.


Well, I guess while we wait for him to respond, I'm going to start using all of my Stone Shape and I'm going to start bringing down this tunnel.


A peacock?


Yeah. I said, "Is anyone around?" and I rolled a 20.


Here's that copper. Thank you.


Grab on!


I'm going to put it around my neck like a dog collar, and I'm going to lay down in the water face first.


Even better than I could have possibly imagined.


No. Doesn't mean you have to find meaning in meaningless things.


I move closer towards that.


I give it a swing.


Therewolves.


It's all on the other side of a wall?


Just be ready to let us know if you need help.


Let's just take some stuff on the outside.


Can I use this planning moment to cast Armor of Agathys on myself?


(quietly) They killed him.


Hit it? Yeah.


(laughs) Terry.


These ones in particular are pricks.


No, she told me.


You and the names.


I come in, too.


So I should go?


Could I shove a blade in there and jam it, maybe?


You would-- Oh. Never mind, I’m not there.


What kind of runes?


Me? Okay. Oh no, should I go in the room?


You're a three-sneezer?


Big man, why did you stop attacking after you cut my sister?


Come, Trinket, come.


The music.


What if you kill him? What if he dies while you're--


Do you believe?


That way they can't dive bomb us, at least.


Doing what, just flying?


Are there any distinct flags or colors hanging from our rigging?


Oh man, this is mean.


That first attack that hits.


Thanks chatroom. Thank you.


Completely empty.


And then with kids-- But they need attention now! They need--


I grab Grog by the circlet thing and say, come on, I'm tense. Let's go. (laughter)


I do, I know. I'm sorry, I get confused! I'm going to try a trip attack with my new maneuvers. It's a d8, right, that's added--


Does he have any weaknesses? Is that too broad?


This is like an afternoon at the gym for us.


Always could use a circus geek.


Go, Frumpkin, go!


And you have Pass Without a Trace.


Scatlan!


(airy laughter)


What do you mean-- what did you say?


Look for no trees.


And in your time, do you know anything about Lady Delilah? What she is?


Vax and Vex are probably still away.


This is going to go really well. Eight! Nine!


Make it rain.


Do you want to have an action held, though?


No. The option of having a second caster like you is way bigger than making me fly.


And steal the broom.


Sure. Happily.


Do another one, do another one!


Who do you work for!


Challenge Vax to a peeing in the snow contest.


You sit on it, and then you fly.


(whispering) They can't hear any of that stuff when you're that quiet.


It could be worse.


Oh, he's a dumb dumb?


Maybe burn the flag?


I have a Tome of Leadership worth 30,000 gold.


I'm going to urge Frumpkin on further, to see what we can see. Frumpkin has dark vision.


That may actually be a good point.


Well, what's your counter proposal? Because I feel like we're making a plan here.


He could strip you of all your limbs and leave you hanging. Not dead.


Cool. Who's the strongest?


Down over by the bad lands?


Were you with anyone when he showed up?


The showroom is fucked. It's broken.


Doesn't he have an armor class of 20? Doesn't one of them miss? Wouldn't a 19 miss his 20 armor?


I'm going to have to leave now.


I may run away.


What has Vecna got cooking?


Trinket, no hands.


Could be, like, a pit fiend or something.


I'm a carpenter, Fjord. I'm learning to be a carpenter.


Wait, hold on a minute. I should probably take a potion or something.


Oh, a Tuesday?


A good night of sleep will do you very well.


Are you expecting more?


No, we might have tried a few things with that head, but, you know, we've paid the price. Clearly we have suffered enough!


Absolutely. And I could show you the inner workings of Doty.


I don't know, you're like his sister, kind of.


Yeah! Woo!


Yeah. Does the Hunter's Mark damage him, the invisible guy, still, if he gets hit with anything? Or is it just if I attack him with an arrow?


Here's what I have at my disposal. A, I can shapeshift into a little tiny spider and go in there--


I thought we were going to have to pick. We got like ten more minutes!


And in the distance you hear  (strained) I feel so alive. (laughter)


I say we mist that way.


You basically killed him with bro-shame.


We're going to be talking about the Young Avengers which are--


Is that Hercules Mulligan?


That prisoner over there is casting magic of some sort.


Just for a bit. I think she could use a companion who's not going to apologize or give too much sympathy.


Okay. Yeah, I'll run closer. And I'll run around, not into the pool of acid death.


Can I give her an idea of how deep down it feels, how far away it is?


Are you sure you want to do that?


With another Healing Word. This time at third level.


I was looking at it, and I was like, fresh water, vinegar, oh!


Her name was Alight?


500? All right, fine. (all laugh)


I feel like I remember something about a real larva-looking worm. Huge fucking thing.


We've come from Emon. We're not exactly familiar with the customs and traditions of your city. We were merely trying to help. My friend may have slaughtered the hydra-- unintentionally, of course. We're hoping to somehow fit into your society. Not sure how that works. Maybe you can help?


I do like ripping.


Nothing's going to show? Which way were we going when all this shit happened?


I'm going to pack up and head back to the circus. Start getting things together.


Now I'm hungry for pears.


Okay wait, not before I shoot my Conjure Barrage, because I said I wanted to fucking do it before you did that.


Thank you! Okay. Six, six, four. What is that?


Can't even kill a kitten.


I will turn on my heel and use my Mask of Many Faces to turn into a lovely woman.


I just fucking keep going with the fucking Witch Bolt. Can I use a cantrip, or will that dispel the Witch Bolt?


I know someone who might really enjoy this if you don't want it.


Yenk ain't got nothing but us to hit right now. Let's not dwell on that.


Can I do an insight check on this guy?


It also worked that we found out she wasn't there.


We're over here.


(laughing) You have to hit send.


Oh, four. (laughs)


Or the Platinum House.


It's just the temple ground, that's all there is to it.


Wait, I didn't get my turn?


Has it been 24 hours yet?


They don't wash their hands?


What will you do if we say no?


Wait, is that a little icon of you?


Grand Poobah of All of This and That


Actually, I had to reload anyway.


More than us?


I'm going to tie off a rope to the broom.


Tylieri family jewels. (laughter)


I never puke.


Oh, who's near me? Could I retcon and say that I'm--


Are we supposed to come back?


Kraken for kraken.


Terrible person. And on the other wall, start carving in the story of--


A Denny's, whatever. The worst pub ever.


We want it to land, then we strike. We just want it to hit the fucking ground.


You were nearly charming.


We are a very convincing group, I think we can talk our way through that.


They grew. (laughter)


I attune to my staff.


Man, you're going for it. (all laugh)


Okay. He's, oh, I missed. That's a 14.


That's even higher, so 14.


I'll explain it later.


I just, you know, it's not a great place to live. It's awful. It's marsh and it's not a comfortable place to live.


Oh. 60 feet for Healing Word, I believe. Right?


Question. I am still watching her. [cheering]


23! Ooh! Two in one!


Keep this going all night long.


I don't know. But he's our friend. I like having him around.


There's also a bunch of pop-up undeads around us if you want to mop them up.


She rolled a 23. I mean she rolled a 19 plus four.


Hey, Matt. We already have another 50 winner. (laughter)


It can move through the wind?


It's All Dogs Go to Heaven, you guys!


The gate was open.


Towards the anvil.


Vex, are you okay going down there? You're marked for death by these people.


I think so. I'm trying. It's the only thing I've tried that's made any sense so far. And it felt very liberating, it felt good, it felt perfect. And it wasn't about her. It was just about me. Honestly, that was really the thing that I noticed, was I didn't say it to make her feel better, I didn't say it to give her any peace. I came to that feeling before running into her. I didn't know if it would be true when I saw her, but I feel like so much of my energy had been such a waste. And worse than a waste, it had been twisted in the wrong direction. And it's too late for a lot of things. There are things I cannot take back and things that I have done that will forever be terrible, but that's not the point, I suppose.


Was Scanlan walking toward him, or had they gotten right up against each other?


Thieves' tool, yeah. That's fine.


About 100 gold worth of ink for transcribing arcane knowledge.


It is. No, I have a recording and an audition tomorrow.


I did not. Oh, I did. We have to save it for tomorrow.


Oh no. Did I destroy the loot?


It will never work. It'll never work!


Yes! Hey! I don't know if you guys have gone to the store lately but there's stuff in there. The reason that I was talking today is because I was informed that there's actually some more CR dice, not the Vox Machina dice-- those aren't back yet, but the CR dice are in stock if you've been wanting some of those. There's also stickers and keychains and t-shirts-- lots of t-shirts you should check them out-- and notebooks and awesome pencils.


That face. That face! Oh, that face! Look at that face! Sweet tiger cubs, into that.


Roll shake it, roll shake it, roll shake it.


(slurring) Oh holy shit.


Are there people in the carts?


Murderous.


I'm skipping stealthily.


I've just gotten used to you, and now you're going to change a bit.


Also, question  What is the temperature like here on this island? Are we tropical at this point?


Oh no. We gotta get a new cable, a new cable for you.


Can we leave something here? Is there some sort of alarm that we can set?


Fuck. I just want to see if she's a vampire.


Barnacle blow.


You get Inspiration.


That's powerful.


Could be an intern.


I like your hair.


I disagree, heat it up.


My bonuses stay. So, my vestige will actually--


Just within range? Until he's in range?


Was free. After this weekend, it's one healing potion.


So I'm going to move toward that sound. Carefully.


No no no. I'm not flying right now.


Not smart enough, apparently.


Oh god. I'm going to get fucking attacked by Grog. I'm going to back up into a corner and hold on to it and look down at it.


You're so entertaining.


Are there any runes on this thing, does it seem arcane in nature?


I give him a boost.


The creature reverts to its figurine form. It reverts to a figurine early if it drops to zero hit points or if you use an action to speak the command word again while touching it. When the creature becomes a figurine again, its property can't be used again for, ugh, seven days.


So once again I grab him by the scruff, take him, and put him in the bathroom.


Do you want me to scout ahead to the area that you've seen?


I'm a big Magic: The Gathering guy. We play.


I'm not helping. (all laugh)


What if it was just a chill out spell?


Get that snatch.


If it's in Celestial and it says, "those who made us," I highly doubt that the dragons are the ones that made the architects of this structure.


(whispers) Fuck.


Hold on a second, why would we keep this one around to tell us now? What'd be the point? I will kill this man unless you give me a good reason not to.


Ten minutes? No!


Wait, what is that? 32.


I wanted to do four things.


Yeah, that was what I wanted to do, just backwards to everybody.


Yeah, and are you going to wake up like a baby so we have like 20 years before we have to worry about you again?


Oh, that was for Caleb. Never mind, sorry.


All right, let's do a level two. Let's see what that looks like. That's 2d8. Don't know why I'm being so fuddy-duddy about this. Do I get a specialty-- no, it's only when I'm healing myself. Okay, 18.


I was.


I bet that sounds something Pike would like.


Can I use the rest of my movement-- yeah, no, I'm good where I am.


Get that!


Straight roll?


I Cure Wounds, level four.


It's his laboratory.


Simple white robes.


I think your nitty-gritty might be different from somebody else's nitty-gritty. (laughter)


She apologized for exactly what she did.


How close is Manta Ray?


Running towards Keyleth.


All right, let's, let's bring it down. Guys, there are certain names that people whisper with reverence. Because those names belong to the breakthrough artists in their field. Jim Henson, Bob Dylan, Madame Curie. (laughter)


No! No! No?


Not that one. That one. See? Listen to me. I'm not taking credit for that.


Yeah. Wait, can I tell it's not actually him?


Can't really talk to people that way.


We just barely survived the chat room and now we need to rest.


I don't remember him doing it.


I love you all.


24, 27, 34. 34 points of damage.


Yeah, I'll try to back up towards, who is that?


Just Trinket.


Just one roll? 24.


At the very least, I think you should sleep on it.


We're heading to the Sun Tree.


You think all of the Iron Shepherds will be there?


Two days' travel.


Okay. Arrow, snipe it with an arrow. I come out and I say: You leave my friends alone! and I shoot my arrow.


(yelping) We're both reptiles, man! Come on! Be cool!


I am wondering if we can make a tunnel, though. I can theoretically-- okay, theoretically we could rest and I could keep all of my spells and use all of my magical focus to tunnel us out, depending on how far we are going. We can do an underground approach


We're on our way to you, Garmelie. Don't worry!


I think we have a good shot of it.


From that blast? Sick.


So yeah.


Yeah, we'll find the Asp Hole.


Her name is Vex.


I guess you could say a techie. I show off a little bit of the sword juggling.


When it's done.


Yeah, totally new dice.


Well, he took some jobs with them. Did anybody see him the day of the carnival? Was he working with anyone that day?


I look about. Is there anything looking at me? Anybody throw anything at me? Pour anything on me?


She's very good at this.


We were just there.


We're not in the woods though. Flies.


Oh, that's good. 30 on the first hit.


The Signet Wall?


(belches) Keep an eye on our 34,000 gold-onaire. Sorry, it smells like a fart.


Action, shit.


Thank you. And then I slap him across the face.


Unnecessarily.


Yes, I will take my form.


You want to send me down?


If he's straight above us.


Is that cocked?


No! I'm reading them all; they're mine! Ring of Lightning Resistance. Who wants a Ring of Lightning Resistance?


I don't want to say it, but Trinket's right there.


I open the door and throw him in. Did you do this?


Ooh, that's not bad.


Should you scry one more time, for the dad? Because best-case scenario, we're in a weird, snowy ravine with no civilization around.


Aha! I crit! So that's fun. Let's roll damage. 9, 10, that's 25 points of damage.


Okay, I'm going to smack him again, this time with the warhammer, why not, just for fun. That will be 15 plus seven. I can't do math.


How about we don't talk about this in front of other people?


What is that?


Do we have the carpet?


This is the last check off your list, I think.


Who said I want to be guarded?


I'll be in the cart then.


Double?


This is like phone a friend?


She still can't get it right.


I rolled a five, plus what? My strength?


Hugging him.


The Den of Druja.


Can we evade them and get into--


Yay! (laughter)


Appreciate that, that's nice of you.


Have we rested, by the way?


Can I grab and kick off and try and rip it off his head? Or is that all the same thing?


Trippings and beat-downs.


Listen, don't spread the word around. I don't want my cred to be ruined, but... she's my little girl.


No, woodland beings can be like fey creatures.


You don't need to heal.


A lot happened real fast.


What are we doing? What's going on?


This would push it to 18. All right.


Yeah, and we don't have all the time in the world because we are trying to intervene before the worst happens.


The one lengthy creature was levitating.


You're shitty at stealth right?


Yeah! What he said.


Shit. Okay, sorry. That must have been when I got disconnected. I know what's going on now.


God, you even make that sound weird.


That sounds like a terrible idea.


To the butt. Specifically to the butt.


Oh, we're looking at the city.


Yeah. All right, Reckless. 31.


I'm going to go with Zahra.


Yeah, there's some other cool things coming up, too, but that's what's available now.


Wisdom save, yes.


You've been in the water before, haven't you?


We'll go check it out anyway.


Fuck. 13.


Oh no. No, that isn't me either.


Thank you, yeah!


You want to go talk to her and touch base with her first? You can introduce us to her after.


Wisdom saving throw. I'm sure it's very wise.


Quite the contrary. If it wasn't for me, you'd still be fighting that damn thing.


Aw, thanks, Kas.


Caleb's still holding the bowl?


(scoffs) Science, Percy?


Oh no-sies!


And I want to thank you. I don’t know that I would be standing here if not for your help.


No, this is wrong. I'm just going to draw it. (counting)


With a little bit of information, we could even keep them informed of things for it to kill that they may find around here, with the Slayer's Take's help. We can keep you in supply of things to amuse it.


I can't believe these dresses are so much cheaper than a healing potion.


Incapacitating, at the very least.


The worst job in Whitestone.


I mean, I hate to say anything else without seeing something for ourselves. You seem to have a good plan for getting rid of Sutan, but it seems you might need some further measures to get rid of this Richter as well.


I didn't see Draconia. I saw the ravine, and it was snowy, so we can assume it's nearby. But I didn't see Draconia, did I?


How healthy does that egg look?


Well, once she's apprehended.


I would say, to the people inside  Stay safe, stay here. I look at everyone else and say: this isn't over.


Uh, mental note  make more t-shirts.


I have already died. I know how it feels.


You guys missed the Dalai Lama. (laughter)


I think that it is, in fact, a-- some sort of-- I don't know, it's a-- Napkin ring. (laughs) For tiny napkins.


Awesome. I'm into this.


I relieved myself in the middle of the night.


Our normality is dishonesty, so technically we're switching it up.


Okay, but now you can add things.


Nope. That was a two with advantage.


Is he a big Percy?


Sitting in the tiniest little corner, in the littlest ball, I have created an illusion of a halo over my head, so I look like a perfect little angel. It's just a tiny little gnome girl. You would have no idea how old I am. I'm really cute, and there's sticks in my hair, and I got singed a little bit, so one cheek's covered in soot. I have really pretty necklaces.


It's a 19.


Can you please do this as Ashley, please?


It's easy. We stumble upstairs.


You took the book when we left--


They're probably like elephant strength boots.


Got for you if we live.


What's your AC again?


Codeword?


And I'm going to put my mace up to her throat and say--


Yeah, you motherfucker. Okay. 16.


I will tag along with you again, because I still have--


We'll talk about it later.


What? You're in holding? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm a pretty big deal.


I don't really believe in systems or being a part of them, let alone a system that takes down other systems. Seems almost hypocritical.


Oh, I do?


I do have a reaction.


You're not doing any drugs like Scanlan was?


I haven't attacked that one yet. Oh, you're right. Yes, of course.


It's a level one bullshit spell slot.


Oh, it hits?


DM, which one is the one that everybody knows has got the blessing of Fryda Langer?


Bad news bears.


I can do a Heroes' Feast.


You want a shot?


I can touch my miniature! Whoa!


Oh, it flew away!


No, this guy over here. And I'll Dominate him.


I cast Dispel Magic.


Let's not die together.


Go up?


Yeah, Yasha and Jester should take the safe.


Can we move up to the side of one and glance in as we slow down just a little bit to peek through?


You'll find out. (laughter)


Okay. So I am doing 2d6 plus five twice. So six plus--


That makes sense. I suppose my question would be: what are you really here for? Because normally, if I'm looking at a complicated problem, I just think about what it is that I really want, and then I go and I do that.


I say we grab the tea set and the skull and take them to Lady--


(mimicking Laura's gruff voice) MemememememeME.


Scoop him into a little vial.


Saving throw? Not at disadvantage? Natural 20.


Any second we wait longer, more people could die!


I'm at the bottom of the round.


Well, he going to hurt you.


Okay, then I will shriek and I will run towards Beau, full sprint.


I think it's an illusion. I'm hoping. I don't know. I feel this can't be real.


And then I'm ready to go.


And the haste will Haste you.


Kima's stoned.


Allies, allies.


Cry forever.


I gave him pretty flowers to look at.


Here's my boots.


Okay, so I'm going to cast that at 3rd level. So that's 3d8. Where are my d8s? That was the worst roll! Nine!


Am I awake? Are we awake? Did you wake me up?


So where, do you have any idea where they might be wandering?


Plus d4, right?


I've got one more attack, so I'll keep going then.


How much damage did he do?


So do I. I feel really rusty.


I'm going to cast Magic Missile on its head.


Just a straight roll, yeah? 11.


I take the skull and roll it to her feet. It's still got flesh on it, right?


What do I do? 11. I don't-- what am I adding to this?


Why are you doing this to Pike? Stop hurting her!


'Sup?


No, sphinx. Sphinx.


We never really discussed the finer points. I assumed that you were a vampire and that you were going to suck our blood.


I say we go to sleep.


(yelling) Did you see that?


You guys go to Dolan's. You want to take a field trip?


Teleport.


To quote the leaders of Vasselheim, "They have defended themselves through many forms of battle."


Did he go under? Tell me you're not unconscious.


I grab my gash and fucked-up ribs and immediately turn over me. Can I do a perception check or an insight check on any of the ringleaders? On any of what was going on? The ringleader or the jester?


Well, just don't make too crazy of decisions.


Well, then I bamf Trinket back in the-- well, I can bamf him back in when we-- I'm going to leave him out for a while. Let him stretch it out. He's been confined for a bit. You did so good in that fight!


