Sharks don't die as soon as they get out of the water. You can last a couple minutes out of the water if you're a fish.


No one on the boat does.


Shove them through as fast as possible. Percy. You go with them. We keep the stone. You go through. You talk to your sister. You bamf back with the stone.


I don't, actually.


Damn, Tiberius is getting really freaking cool. Badass.


You said they're covered in webs?


We did have selfish in--


Oui. [laughter, cheering]


Oh! Hi. Uh, Keyleth.


I'm gonna hold my breath, and I'm gonna go one, two, three, four, five, and grab this guy around the neck and hold my daggers to his neck. And just hunker down and try to hold him hostage.


I remember you saying that.


Wow. It sounds like they would run the mithral mine which we've heard is so hard on its employees.


Except for like one-fourth of it.


Oh, no, you can have it.


What if we don't touch the water? What if all of us hang on the side of the walls and move around the room?


We're going to look around, see if there's anything of interest.


Too fast! Like a fencer! That was amazing!


I swat my sister in the forehead.


Is anyone hurt?


Did I get any poison?


Would you like googly eyes on your tattoo? Or would you just like smiley face?


Okay, so as I'm dropping the spell--


Thankfully, we have a scry spell or two.


How many days do we have? I would like eight days to prepare.


Well, I guess we're taking the body? I'll focus my heat on his feet so we can just dislodge him and throw him over our shoulder and go.


Oh! Okay. 15!


I designed this one, it says, "I wanna be a monstah!"


I was crying, I was laughing so hard.


I know about Gilmore.


This is a place where you did good. That's nice.


Damn it, Clarota.


Rated M, for mature.


Either the dirt button--


Whoa! This could do it!


Sun Treats. Bear Claws. Angel Food Cake.


I didn't Hunter's Mark him, because I'm brilliant. Yes! 15, 30, 34 points.


Do you still have Heroes' Feast?


We're also forgetting that the second that he sees us or we get close enough, he could control all of our minds.


Thank you, thank you. Hey, man.


You couldn't see us in the low light, but they chased after whatever caused this.


Can I search the pockets of the red coat?


You know, there's merit to that. All right, let's go.


Quietly file down gold coins?


Skype force five.


Oh, that's--


Well, as I'm sure you've possibly noticed, and I apologize if I'm breaking some terrible news to anyone who didn't, the forest beyond my little patch of earth is a little unsavory. It's dark. It can be a bit dangerous. Don't recommend going out alone. It has been overtaking our temple for the last hundred years, and recently has breached the walls again.


(electronic shut down noise)


I don't know, I'm paranoid right now. It's just the scroll from the--


Okay, no. I'm going to do damage.


A-rating for the city of Los Angeles?


Let's all meet.


Nice. 33.


He's going to keep an eye out for anybody watching us.


I tap him on the face, and say  So glad you're not dead. And I walk away.


And we can all assume that when we exit this room, that our tenuous alliance is still that. Correct?


We can rob them.


What I do, where he can take an extra action.


Oh. Okay. Good thing that I'm being quiet, so I'm going to still creep toward the whispers.


Everyone, get out.


Look directly below. Maybe stare at his eyes.


That's all you could have said.


It's a guideline.


Sorry. I'm freaked out. 35. Am I still Pass Without a Traced at this point? 35.


Leaky Tap! Not the Leaky Nip.


Let me roll for two attacks. Okay, that is 14 for one and a natural 19 for the other.


Give what a whirl?


What was his name?


That's all that we have. My friends are gone and I don't even remember their names. I don't remember Thetapax or Zephyr or... the guy with the nose. He was my favorite. (coughs and sniffles) Dusty in here, isn't it?


Okay, so that is four, six, is ten of damage.


It's getting better.


I'll take the tallest one.


Ah, I like that.


It’s just the number of fingers, man.


All right. Can I get close enough to take a shot?


It's your Aramente. It's your Aramente.


You can't make me Vax again, it won't work.


Unless they don't know about the stone and the only one with the stone--


Does he have any type of fighting capabilities?


A little hair of the dog, huh?


So are you.


And I just hold her really tight, and I sniff her hair, and it smells like strawberries.


Well, Keyleth, as you make that awkward-ass face, maybe you should improve your charisma.


You got to be fucking kidding me, really?


He's so cute!


Oh! Sorry, thank you. Then it's 17 plus seven.


We should move.


Sorry. Sorry. I have -


I'm gonna insult him. I'm gonna call him a (clears throat) "Oi, you fobbing elf-skinned flapdragon! You paunchy ill-breeding lewdster! You unmuscled reeling ripe mumblenews!" Shakespeare insult generator.


Put some hurt on this undead bastard.


His eyes, too?


We've got three--


I don't really know, but I'm twice her age at least!


Get out. Get out.


It's not good for me either. 21 with the buff.


On the bow of the ship.


I look down towards it. Does it look like anything is around it?


Yeah, and I'll cast-- because, who was around, just them two?


I feel like that's been done.


Why are you telling me this? Of course I know.


Unnecessary bodyguard, yeah.


Before I hand them over, I open the lid and I whisper in: Thadeus Candleglow says hello. I shut it. I think I did what he asked.


I'll back up to the top of the ship, where I should be useful.


I didn't know any different.


Right on the doorknocker. Like, hanging on the doorknocker.


I mean-- maybe like a 'yes' and a 'no'? And then we'll totally leave you to your work, because I feel like I've totally interrupted, like, your flow and I'm so sorry.


Nott, this is torture to me! Let's go.


That one I'm going to catch.


At least a hundred feet big!


It really hurts, I didn't realize how much that hurt!


Are foxes' wisdom better than Scanlan's?


That's your name.


How much you got of that, old man?


Thank you, young boy. Whatever your name was. What was your name, young boy?


This guy is way beyond our level.


Scanlan, denied!


I see it and I cast Hold Person.


Do you want it back?


Yes, you would.


Kill this asshole.


Yeah, that's Gilmore.


Couldn't have gone with the will o' the wisp.


May I see the map just to make sure?


Okay. Wait, still? Just one? Well, the first one was good. 21 again.


They're on home turf.


It's going to be time for you to toughen up a bit. Do you have a pirate face?


How does he do that?


Yeah, we've got our potions.


Yeah! Damn.


So, going stealth, is that a bonus action?


You're hurting my ribs.


Not yet. Not until we're out of here.


Not going for craftsmanship.


Yeah, maybe we crawl up its butthole and kill the things inside.


(whispering) We'll figure that out.


She'll come. She'll come.


Are you just walking? Do you have any means of transportation?


Yeah, go for Algar!


Oh yeah! I do, I do!


Skork?


It is amazing what's happening over here. Oh yeah.


What is my stealth bonus now?


The candle turned into a blizzard, so. Ooh!


It's a cloak that devours magic?


I am now going to--


It's a Troy Aikman Snuggie!


You know. I thought I might as well, but here's the thing. We've been through a lot. We face death on a very regular basis. (sighs) And I see the way he looks at you, and I see the way you look at him. And happiness is fleeting in this world; we don't know when it will end. Take advantage of it while you can. And stop living in fear.


She goes with the second thing that everybody shouts out.


The goddess of knowledge?


What are you-- oh god.


I think we're going to go take a look.


Does look dangerous to you?


Okay, so I will stay 50 or 60 feet away from the tower and I will send one in the top, one in the bottom, and two through windows.


Yeah, I know. I feel like he said Taryon.


Is it a healing potion?


I remember from Nila describing it. I took really detailed notes.


(falsetto) Tiberiosa.


Yeah, I want to shoot out of the pillar.


Yes, that's good. That's good.


No, do not do that. I, Scanlan Shorthalt, can go get it, if you'd like.


We could have been, but I use a bit of sign language from the Cant, and let them know that I'm part of the Clasp?


I got a 23.


Do we have horses? We don't have any horses, do we?


Not that I watched anything from last week, because I didn't! 16.


I'll stay with the dinner party. I wish to observe.


No! Oh, Percy, why?


Of course we did!


You can be monosyllabic if you like with these people.


Hey, you know, it's chipping away. Chipping away.


Lemmiwinks!


I think I might have a solution.


-- the dex of the panther is.


Okay, so Clarota, how much time do we have before something happens next?


-- a weird commoner.


What an amazing mini.


I mean, I hate it, but--


I'm learning, still.


And let me ask you this. We can be on the same page, we can go up and fuck shit up. However, your weapons and armor-- would they be a great help? Should they be our short-term purpose, or should we just go up and try to end this problem?


Stand down, bird!


Do we keep going, or do we-- Somebody make a choice. Down or keep going?


Are we cool?


Trinket's fucking dead, yo.


She Pass Without a Traced us.


Irena, if Molly was interested, would you like--


What on earth are you talking about?


The one mentioning that roving beast. Seems about our speed.


With advantage? Six. I'm still a scary goblin.


Oh, no he's not here.


I'm loud and I've got range, so I'm going to let the room fill, and then I'm going to come in and get some.


Then I'm supposed to state flurry of blows as my bonus, right?


Didn’t finish him off, did you?


Oh, I got sleep?


I come back down.


So now we have our full turn and it can't react, so hold the-- I can move, I'll be fine. We all get a full turn before anything happens.


Running past where? Oh, there.


Sorry! I'm so sorry!


Well, I have one more. I'll make it reckless and not great weapon master. Natural 20.


And you're cured from any diseases. Is anyone else blind or rough?


What up!


I gave my beaded bracelet to Nott. Nott, you still have my beaded bracelet, right?


Hogwarts houses?


Chicken and eggs, everyone!


I'll go look. You stay here and be ready to wake.


Scanlan Shorthalt, killed by ROYGBIV.


It's a crazy spell.


No, I have never seen the ocean.


Yeah, I don't wanna be down on the bottom.


I drink some and then pass it over.


No, we bring the dragon to the creature.


No, I thought the ice dragon thing-- wasn't she white?


In owl form?


I think Molly would like that.


Vertical. And what do we see past the bars?


That's my last 5th-level spell, so we might need to rest.


Are we within earpiece-shot?


Oh man, it's not great. It's 16.


Are you going?


Hotel prices. What?


Well, yeah, everybody can swim...


So I start carving this-- Is this Pelor?


You don't need that-- he can have that many. You have too many.


Let's do it! Let's do it!


Thank you. Sorry to bother you.


Are you sick? Does Keyleth need to cast, I don't know, Restoration on you or something?


And it's traveling with the boat?


(singing) D&D Beyond!


Oh, now Trinket's all alone!


Marius.


Wall it up!


No, we can hear you!


Yeah, there are muffs? Like hand muffs?


Every time!


It's that direction.


I'm going to go ahead and at third level, because that's all I got left, cast Skywrite again, and throw up the de Rolo crest once again in the sky.


Well. Add just my base wisdom?


I'm back to help. It's my turn.


Yeah. It's like jazz hands. And druid magic is like modern dance.


We are?


One more announcement. Sorry, I lied, one more.


I'm going to sharpshooter him, the guy right in front of me.


Advantage on charisma checks at one creature of your choice that isn't hostile towards you.


Is there a city on top of the city?


This was a good plan.


Yeah. I have my cool reversible cloak.


Trade them for water.


Can I do some sort of arcana check on some of the stuff? Have we done that already?


Yeah. They're huge.


She's super hot.


Okay, I am going to attack with my--


I probably hit him before. So that's a 25.


21 plus 14? Yeah.


Plus intimi-- 18.


Good job, guy.


I need to know what your cat's seeing. What's the cat seeing?


And jump into the cart and start doing this.


Okay, I'll take that far one.


Oh, are we "stop" stopped?


(screams, blasts)


I'm keeping it for later.


I'm going to flip back around on the other side of that. I'm going to spider crawl all the way on the other side of that door again.


You know, this is actually pretty badass if I did give it to Grog. Yeah.


(singing) Huge success. (all laugh)


Caleb is in the background, pulling cheese from the wall. [laughter]


Okay, 16, 20, what is that? 23, 24, 25.


Be careful, that's how blood diseases are transferred!


I think it would be best if maybe we, I mean, I don't know how well we can stealth around here, if we should maybe turn into insects and just crawl around here.


You people that need to be up close, just wait until it gets to you. Make him chase you for a bit. Use the cover. Let's put some damage on it before--


Oh, don't shake him too hard-- I'm not there.


Bard out with your heart out.


Are we going to keep going? Or should we get the--


What your turn-ons are.


Okay. I need sleep. It's been a while. I'm going to go lay down. I love you guys.


Oh, that's a 15.


Well, we should definitely go see Jester's mom.


That's funny.


Yeah. Get your sleep while you can, and don't use the exercise ball to rock him to sleep because then they get addicted to it, and that's the end of your sleep life yourself.


Do I get advantage on that anyway, then?


Showing the mechanism off.


Ah--


You want to come with me?


Okay, yeah. (singing) I'm bring health points back. Yeah! You mothafuckas don't know how to act-- Yeah! That's all I got. (singing) Take it to the bridge!


I'll cast it-- no, I'm just going to keep it at 1st level for now. I'm going to save my higher-level ones for Cure Wounds, so I'm going to cast it at 1st level, so that's 1d4 plus my spellcaster. Three. That's not too bad. No, sorry. 16? No, 13.


But everybody inside's safe.


Beau, Nott, Fjord--


She sucks.


You can sneak out in the morning, if you want. It won't be weird.


Misses.


Nah, I can't do that to you.


I don't have any d6.


Hey, hey!


That's a 27.


You're not going to whale on this cabinet, bro?


I'm blinded?


Ruins every game.


Is that a new set of dice?


We gotta eventually get a candle on this.


Oh, I know! It said--


Salvation. Good day to you, sir.


You've gotta go from the side.


Are we heading out immediately?


Move to the cart, quick check of anything left behind, clues.


That was the first idea.


Okay, so now I add the extra eight.


Wait up, we argued more this game more than anything else. Okay, we know we still have to fly upwards, including on flying up to the blue crystally thing right?


Well, we have just robbed Halas.


(groans) Fine, fine! Hi.


Oh, I've read your book!


Of course, but if you want to talk to people, I think we could probably get away with poking about first thing in the morning and that's it.


This is the world's largest mimic.


I thought we were trying to get in places before dawn.


Not that hot.


I'm still doing illusion shit. Have I finished that?


You avoided them, you did not tangle with them yourself.


We didn't know! We didn't know!


She's like, 'Damn, this is taking forever.'


Let's watch for a moment longer.


And I instantly started crying. I was like, "No! No no no!"


Yeah, actually, I think I should be able to do something about that. I'll Shape Water and I can push it around in a five foot cube, so I can part it a little bit. Or I can turn it clear as well.


Oh, okay. Thank you.


Well, I was thinking--


Yep. Oh, now?


When did we hire Tom Stoppard to write this?


Let's rejoin our friends, shall we?


Normal people.


I guess I'll doggy paddle up ten feet.


Go home, rider, you're drunk.


I'm sorry, you're not talking to common folk.


Well, that didn't work. Hey, can you serve me, now?


All three hit.


He's quite well. He's very powerful, actually, and has wonderful businesses, all through--


Oh! He's not here?


Let's get within whatever you need. 120 feet? 100 feet? We'll try to stealth within that range.


Oh shit! I don't know these things!


A blessing from Sarenrae.


They were dead when the frost blast hit everybody.


Ja.


They know we're here, still.


Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things! Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed greataxe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this-- well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his Uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale!


Well, let's go, let's move along then, Gern, yeah? You good to come along with your herd of--


Can I ask Cassandra--


Just scooping up Pike into a bit of a piggy back ride and carrying her inside and we're going to rest.


It's like adding insult to injury. You're going to die and I'm going to call you your brother the entire time.


No, there's two bars in Vasselheim!


How do you fly?


I'm hungry now.


Ooh. Not bad.


What's he doing? Is he hovering over the lava?


I don't know. They probably won't sound like that.


I could get us close, or I could scry and look for a tree.


Two giants!


All right, you're right. Then I'll hit Trinket.


First show is tonight.


No, I'm just going to cripple you. Calm down.


Oh, look who just showed up.


Climb it, climb it.


I thought about making an acid arrow. I really did.


Has that not publicly been seen yet, is that not out yet?


I just don't like it when people try to take advantage of my friends, but they're family, and if anyone is in need, I don't want to potentially put them out.


Up to you, that is an option that is up to you. But let me know, because either way I'm going to either keep my boots or not keep my boots.


Common, Elven, Celestial-- sorry, Sylvan, Druidic, Primordial.


I say we pack up all of our things and raid a ship.


Have you seen this armor before?


Are you crushing on him?


Vasselheim's most wanted?


Tell me about this deity.


We stop.


Well, they were fine rolling around, we already sent the wounded and the young to Whitestone, they're fine.


Okay, I have two regular, one decaf no foam--


Look, this is that guy we were telling you about for so long.


Of course, take a seat.


Kern the Shithead does?


Seems that there's one table where everyone is perfectly reasonable!


I think I do!


Yeah, that sounds-- I don't even remember it. Algar? Al Gore?


I have darkvision. Can I see them?


Ten.


I was ready! I was ready.


It felt like a festival inside your school.


But--


Based on the size of the city and the number of people I've seen, what would be my extrapolation? I'm a reasonable human being. Triple digits, four digits?


Goddamn it, Scanlan!


This is really good.


Maybe that's in fashion here, maybe we should all go wig shopping.


Silence!


Can I cast Lesser Restoration on her?


(whispering) Oh, she's right. (laughter)


All right, I'll jog up the stairs.


Immediate perception check around us.


I'm Blessed!


It's really okay. (laughs) All right.


I'll duplicate in and Inflict Wounds.


I would not say that we have shit on everyone else's.


No, he said the Hand of Ord is the name of the peacekeeping guards.


All right. I'm going to step into the room, to give some cover. Right about, probably just slightly on the other end of this.


No, not-- well they do, they touch you with their hand and then like all of a sudden it feels a bit better.


They like us now.


Yeah, we're treading water.


Are you reading anything off of all of the eyes that I am seeing, those stones?


Wait. I'm going to examine the tracks for blood.


Vax, who was really giddy a minute ago, takes the rifle and hands it to you. These are dangerous.


I'll use Luck. Better.


They know this man. They should know this man.


I take Nott and slam her into a wall as hard as I can and say: Down you beast!


At the top of where the valley is, is there any cover that we might be able to get up behind and then peek down into said valley, like boulders?


I can be an animal if you feel like you want eyes out here, as well, but I won't be able to go elemental.


We can't, but do you remember our friend Garmelie-slash-Artagan?


A most expeditious movement towards the temple, I suppose, would be the--


Well, we have two gnomes with us.


It's not Sam.


I wanna kind of perch on top of a tree nearby and just kind of see it from there.


Any animals?


That's a DC hero.


Rage doesn't raise it.


You dingus!


Sure, I'll look at my stuff.


So no on the magic items? Of protection?


-- the mistress grants you, you may.


Grog, you want it?


How can you do that?


Oh no, I've thought about this. I had time to think while watching things outside. Not you guys. I've got the remnants of the fruit. I'm coming in with the food into their room, and I am wearing nothing but my tapestry. (laughter)


(sulkier) No.


Thank you. He rocked me. I miss raging.


Stealth check. Yeah, baby.


We fought a dragon-- we killed a dragon for them.


Hands in your pockets, Tary.


You don't need to heal me.


Okay, I pull out my Hunk of Quall. Hunk of Quall.


7th-level Fireball?


I'm pulling gold out to pay for this.


Oh hi, Vax.


Maybe as many as a couple hundred.


Before we go stomping in there, should we take a short rest and heal up? Is anyone besides me and Pike damaged at all?


Oh, it was 17.


Can I roll an insight check on her again? Jesus. This is creepy. 27.


Wait, what the heck? How much money? (laughter)


Mirror Images going everywhere.


Yeah. Oh, we should talk to them. They're not in chains, though. Did the servants get the chains off of them?


We all got presents, Grog!


Okay! I go and knock on the door.


Mask and earmuffs should make me look just perfect.


Lord of the Rings, but I see Game of Thrones on the side.


The stairs, are they staying the same, is there anything at the foot of the statue after they break apart?


Nobody told me that the show was starting.


I'm Vix.


Before it falls, I would like to rage.


Hopefully you don't fail at that, too.


How many jugs did we get? Five jugs?


How about we all go together to Whitestone?


Well, if you cast Pass Without a Trace, it's a concentration spell--


He's a sailor. Well, that was helpful. Anything remarkable? Any sort of untrustworthiness? Do you think she's fine? She's cool?


Or we could wait until they get up there and then go.


Don't let anybody tell you what you can't do.


Oh man, Grog.


You made a deal with your god, or something?


Can I do a peek and check to see if there's signs of any cave-in potentials? Potential cave-ins?


You got some watercolors back there, Matt? (laughter)


Am I within 60 feet? I think I am. All right, so negative five on attacks. The first one is total shit. The second one is 17?


Giant sea monsters.


Low. Second to last.


No, never said that.


Oh jeez, don't attack the crowd.


Yeah. Look, maybe if you let me talk to them--


I didn't think of that.


Yasha is a heavy metal album. That's pretty dope.


Quick question  From the fish guy up at the top there, if that was the corner of a cube, would it reach the one down by the lollipop?


Let's do completed full families who are comfortable relocating.


Well, that's why that's long term. In the short term, I just want to get them safe.


Big seven.


All right, Pike, divvy it up.


I knock him right in the face with the butt of my gun as he rounds the corner.


No, it's not a Polymorph spell.


Okay! I'm going to check what I have left here, which is, let's see.


Yeah, somebody outside The Leaky Tap, another person on the inside to run interference, because you can buy us a couple seconds.


Optimus Prime.


A little smoky tutu?


I think he was talking to you.


Let's take a second here.


Oh my god. The dragon's going to fucking kill us right now.


I cannot believe we left her alive!


That's all right. Eight and five and four.


#Bless bless bless.


I've been avoiding it for too long, and now I know too much.


I've got a bonus action. I'm going to give him an auto-cure, just in case.


Good job, guys that got them!


Regardless, we should be very careful, traveling forward.


Do you think you have the skill to pull off such a feat?


I don't believe your face.


Oh, so they're cultists.


Because they're in flanking. Got it.


How much is a flower?


Does this place make me feel a little uncomfortable?


Well, I never have, so I would think maybe if you were a merchant coming into town, very wealthy, looking for some adult entertainment, might be a way to bring him out the forefront.


Wait, are you saying that someone out there in the world should do the elven symbol for VM and we should all get literally tattooed?


Yeah. You know, a lot of my Loot Crate plugs have been comedic, or cute. Some would say clever.


I'm down over here.


This is where she comes in?!


Vax, can you go get Horace's head?


Keyleth goes up and touches one and meditates on it for a second.


Perfect! Perfect, perfect.


Well, shall we, you know, turn in for the night? Seems like it's been a crazy one.


I can't see Vax?


Second floor?


Why do we need Trinket? We have a small giant.


You have had a lot of luck predicting things with this stink pouch?


We were all using climbing gear or just--


19 times two is 28 plus eight is 36 damage on my first arrow.


Come back, Shane!


You want to make a mystical door floating in the middle of their tents?


I didn't do this! I'm more than happy to help, but I just want you to know: I had nothing to do with this.


I drop same thing into Grog.


Natural 19.


This is amazing, guys.


Pre-stream! It's been since pre-stream that this has come up.


Where are we going, Scanlan, again? Shadowy Mountain?


You really do have like a key to the grates, like an extra one?


What time is it, midnight?


For 100 gold, I think you will.


Does it do damage?


Why aren't I there?


Does anybody need-- Who's shit at climbing?


Don't you do anything else! You just strangle him until he dies, and then you leave him alone. (laughter)


Pass the gatorade?


I felt demeaned, but in a good way.


Pike is shocked. Pike is shocked and offended.


(gasps) Bigby's Hand is gone.


Umbrasyl. And. What was the other one?


Get up as close as we can to support Pike and Keyleth.


Yeah, we walk and talk.


Vecna's been taking over her chapels? Temples?


May I, as well?


One and two people are all that it takes to experience something!


You can jump ten feet?


Stay alert. We're not done here.


Thank you, thank you. Percy, are you back yet?


Yeah, it's not like a string arrow, although I'll build that.


The way it was explained to me, on this piece of paper, is that you are parallel to where you are.


I'll be behind them.


Jesus. I just want to run, on the broom, and use my bonus action. Is that as far as I can get?


I don't know what I'm going to get, I've never tried harpy before. It could be mushrooms, could be anything.


Is that one five or ten feet away from me? The horses immediately freak out and start running this direction in a gallop.


And we still have no way into this main room, either, yet?


Especially today.


All right. Let's rock out.


He's so strong.


I've known her for years. I just assumed that she was in on it.


Well, we'll cut out their tongues for food and then bury them?


Yeah I like the way you guys think, that sounds smart.


Hey, look at that guy who went out the door! He looked like that guy you fought in that ring.


It's dead? Or it still might work after that?


I'm going to slowly start untangling her.


And that, kids, is chaotic neutral.


3d10?


No, even better!


I'd like to think of you driving and cutting someone off on the 101 and going, "Plus five necro."


Going to the book.


Those are terrible shoes.


I do not need to check it. No smell check necessary.


Two story? One story?


Well, I'll just try to get it as far away from Grog as I can.


Scanlan, she didn't say ant-dick, she said antic.


Well this was fun.


Is she doing it against Copperfield? Is David Blaine with them?


Wait, is he casting that? Did he cast Vanish?


You want to talk to people?


18 plus a lot.


All right, but I can't open it.


Just at the top, really high. Really high, getting nice--


Hey, who's got a small?


Persuasion-wise.


So that your friend wouldn't mistake me.


While she was doing that, I was like  I feel like I saw him look over here somewhere. So over here, yeah.


I have some beads. If you want, we can braid it and put beads in there.


For now, but people can beat through those doors. That's not a permanent thing.


19. Versus wisdom save.


God, so many levels.


I'd like to circulate my hands to kind of carve out the eyeball area. (laughter)


We should ask Bryce for some healing potions.


Are these your type of people?


Is it possible to make a leap across some of water at the very least to try and get back to land?


This is like the fourth time we've done this.


In Draconia, those are snacks.


People took my money when I was learning.


Cassandra played everybody.


All right. I'm in arm's length of it, right?


We just got to the tree line, right?


Please make a deception check.


Yeah, but cobra fight!


Okay, so it was a one time.


Within, Allura and the party make an alliance, and Keyleth aids her in performing a scrying ritual on the palace. The vision reveals that the family of Uriel-- his wife, two daughters, and son-- are all under the influence of some demonic force, and have addled the mind of their father, using him as a mouthpiece for their plot. The party decides to pay a visit to the Clasp, using Vax and Pike's knowledge of an entrance, and end up in a confrontation with Spireling Modeth within his chambers. The battle ends with Modeth's head on the floor and four strange, glowing crystals he had been keeping now stolen by the party. They attempt to leave, but are met by a host of Clasp members and another, dangerous-looking Spireling. Through Scanlan's deft lies and coercion, the party is allowed to leave unharmed before their deeds are discovered. They return to Allura's tower only to find the front door ajar and the interior tossed by some previous scuffle. As they reach the top of the tower, they investigate, finding signs of a struggle with a demonic entity, and Allura's escape seemingly successful. Unfortunately, a magical defense of the tower is triggered, and it begins to cave and crumble around them. Through some ingenuity-- and the discovery of a magic carpet-- the party manages to escape being crushed within, Allura's ivory monolith now compacted into a single, magical pearl. Our heroes then locate and enter the home of General Krieg, finding a brainwashed servant and a hidden passage that leads to a teleportation circle. Using the device, they are transported to a distant cavern, high in a range of frost-covered mountains, and an incredible hoard of gold, jewels, and fine trinkets. Across the room are four obsidian orbs placed within the rock. As one is touched, a giant eye appears from within the black crystal and a voice erupts, calling for a Brimscythe, and noticing the unfamiliar folk, mentions, "Intruders... I know your face now. He is a fool, and so are you, insect." The orbs all crack simultaneously, becoming inert. Grog dives right in, rage-looting the gold, but the arrival of the party seems to call the attention of General Krieg, who appears at the teleportation circle. He angrily denounces the party and reveals his true form, that of a frightening blue dragon!


Look at this guy!


She went back to the 30s.


Are you all right?


Yes, here we are.


I'll also say I think we-- oh no, that's right, you're double.


No, it's so funny. You wouldn't be able to tell, right?


We don't do math fast ever.


17 misses?


I'm going to make my way, as well.


Get it out out.


Grog's tied. Grog is held by iron bands. He's down.


Oh, he's so little though, he's so little.


No, we can go back and forth over and over again, just you and me. It's endless.


Thank god. That would have been the end of me.


We might not have that luxury.


But where's the cake?


Ooh, don't do those much either.


We weren't holding our action for when they-- I guess we never said it.


I think Grog farted again.


I just sigh heavily and I go, who the fuck are you?


Yeah. Tell them we're bearing gifts and we want to see the captain, see what happens?


Well, here's the thing. If Dolan assumes that seat-- we have no idea if that's going to happen, but if Dolan does take that Richter's seat, Sutan, if nothing happens to him, if no guards go into Sutan's house, he knows that his rug is gone, he realizes someone has been in his home, 100%, he looks through the home himself, finds our fake message from the Myriad or whoever, would he retaliate on Dolan? Do we care?


Beau, when you hit that buffer, did it feel hard and solid, or was it soft and earthen?


A cluster of prisoners out in the open at all, or is it just out around--?


Of course. Half price is a very fair deal. Grog. Pay the man.


(uncannily good crow noises)


I'm uncomfortable with what's happening. Natural 20. [cheering]


May I use my Cutting Words?


I reappear. I'm going to move a little further into the center of the room, and I'm going to--


Mr. Caleb, all I can tell you is that the whole reason I came here is to find that, so-- Let me put it this way. You care about these people? You care about this group?


Hey, buddy. How's it going?


And let's do this. My first shot--


That sounds crazy. Is there any way to not do that?


Insight check! (laughter)


Instead, she's going to look at the ground and go, "Monstah!" And hold her mace.


Oh, nice! Ten, so 26--


That'll do it. I'm going to look at the imp and I'm, in Infernal, I'm going to say, to just-- terrible: There's nothing but death for you here. I'm going to attack Vicious Mockery on him and show him the bottom card.


Thank you, Gilmore!


Emon's here. Emon is the biggest port city on the Ozmit Sea, isn't it?


If you're under 100, heal yourself.


I can also use D&D Beyond.


Your forearms are like Popeye, motherfucker.


We're hoping that we could purchase a brief amount of sanctuary.


We're ready to pull you away when she starts to move.


No, I was kidding.


And I think, word on the street is that you completed that mission.


I have to go check on Doty! Look at the time! Good-bye!


Wait, is this like when you slapped Trinket on the ass mad?


All right, Yasha, we're going to be on the outside, then?


Oh, you need an invite?


We're going to head to-- what time is it, ish?


It was death or come back and help you.


Thank you. We lived, huh?


Do you know Ionos?


In the spirit of the Olympic games, can I shot put her?


Okay. Well, that helps us. Those are clues.


Liam knows what this thing is, but Vax does not. Fuck this thing! I'm going to start looking-- what are the trinkets on it?


No no no, there's something, I don't know what, I couldn't make out what I was hearing, it sounded like hay or grass moving, so I don't want to mess with that.


This is the most awkward.


I like how none of us knew that. (laughter)


That's totally normal. We all do it. All right.


Hello, bees!


Touché, Fenna. Touché.


But he is wearing a little petticoat.


No, I know.


Well, I'll be honest, our first thought was to flee this city.


Is there anything else around? Should we kill them?


Where we at, girl?


Ooh, what's he saying?


You have copper and silver for sure.


Avantika's not going to be alive to defend herself against our accusations.


Be cool.


Yeah, of course!


Didn't you get healed from your own healing?


We know nothing about these people or the customs here.


(flatly) It's so great.


Oh, good, three. I don't know, it's 11.


We did see this happen, right?


Damn it. I have a 19.


Bentha. Pleasure.


How you feeling, buddy?


I'm at 65 now, with that. So I'm still 30 under.


Fog Cloud.


It's really fun!


And that was yesterday.


Why would you not want to wait 12 hours to see if this woman's intentions are true or not?


That we are.


There are a few reefs that protect certain islands. One of which is the Darktow Isle.


Plus a high number.


Right as he runs, Scanlan says  Don't fuck this up!


This is perception?


She'll see it sit there, and she'll reach up high, and she'll try and cleave off the front of the jaguar's head in one downward swing.


I don't really agree with immortalizing ourselves in stone--


Second one, second claw attack is 18.


We can look for work here, we can go back to Bahamut, see if they want--


That was radiant mixed with slashing.


Ah, smart.


That's what they sound like!


To Spireling Veekar. We know where he's headed.


I just have to take a piss, hold on. I'm going to walk over towards the graves.


I didn't like it either, Yasha.


Which part specifically troubles you most? Is it the fact that the town might be without power for a little bit?


I grab one of them.


I wonder if they can see through the fog?


Who's he talking to? You?


Yeah, the hard turn!


And it's crit so double?


Oh, why not? Another round, please! And I'll put a gold for everyone down.


There's more than one. There was more than one creature.


(gasps) Perfect! Thank you.


Six attacks.


Guys, should I read another limerick while he's doing this?


We know that there's a mechanism inside that room. We know that that's probably what's keeping the brain.


You could also do one to ten and 11 to 20.


That's not how it works, Vex.


Yeah, 11.


It's technically, it's slightly cocked.


25. Plus the necrotic.


No, I did not! I did not try and sleep with her. I think deep down inside, some part of me knew, which is why I gave her all that gold. I think.


Oh, look at those beautiful shoes. They're lovely.


What was that for?


You've got the touch.


You don't know!


Yeah, angling your nose forward, all right.


Can I toss Grog my-- some of the infinite rope and tell him to tie him up, tie up his ankles too.


I had a fur blog in the early 2000s.


It is the burrito supreme of creatures. It comes with everything!


I use my bonus action to hide.


What did you get? You got a natural one?


You're pretty close to being that.


I'll stay in the very back and leaving the Dust of Tracelessness.


Are we all doing perception rolls?


You're the fucking captain!


I don't know if I'm looking at Laura or Jester-- if we're ever in a tight spot, I can also do this if we are in real danger. That's a little tricky because it takes some time to do it.


Nott, Twiggy, would you both come here, please?


That's 25 points of damage.


Yeah, me. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste, I'm going to run, I'm going to do a sort of a running roll, land on the closest circle and wait for half a tick and then roll off of it.


I wrote it in the song description. Somebody edited it out. (laughter)


Might be our best way out of town, actually. Good idea.


What a game!


Hm, that's no good. 11?


I'm not real comfortable with this sort of stuff.


Yeah, learned from Cerkonos, yeah.


I feel like I'm losing it.


Keyleth. Check the fur.


Yeah, you fucking son of a bitch! You son of a bitch!


Brought another sign.


I don't know how to live.


The minis look so cool!


Yes we will as well as-- You're going to be there too.


Comfy seats.


A couscous. And a tabbouleh.


We'll find out. Where's-- oh, Frumpkin.


I'm sure it is, but y'know, getting hit in the nuts hurts.


It was tamed.


Oh my god, that's amazing!


We are noble creatures.


Rolled a little low.


Let's injuredly keep walking.


(garbled voice) I don't know, it felt--


No no no! I take out my symbol and I say, no no no, I'm here to help.


It does, it feels like I'm making a difference.


Get Hulk Hogan to play.


Next thing I'm going to do is take a shot at that terrible thing over there. And I'm going to burn a grit for advantage and hopefully get it back by killing it dead. Here we go. Thank god I did, because that was terrible. 25 to hit? And I'm also going to put one more Cabal's Ruin into that, just to put him down.


This is not going well.


Ooh, it just got blue!


Especially with Ark--


I'm going to walk up to Ogden. Give a little-- When you make it down the hill, you will find your cart outside the city limits in perfect working order, searched for anything else you might have tried to stash away from my city. I'd also like to remind you that the Riflemen have seen your faces up close, and the next time you come anywhere near our castle, you will be shot on sight.


I love you. Glad we're all here. I'm glad we're all here!


Return of the fucking unicorns!


Where are you going?


Just, quick.


Do you not know what this place means? Am I the only one who understands what this place means?


For shot number one. Shot number two.


My father, Howard--


We can get in through the gate and then we get to the tree or we’re going to go straight into the cellar?


He keeps saying ancient. So it's ancient.


Don't trust it!


(gasps) There's carts! I see the carts! I jump up and down in her hands.


My javelin can't go very far, right?


I will keep him and I will Mage Hand grab some rope and bring it over to me, but then that will be my action.


It does because I've been doing it at home.


And now we're in a totally different place.


I stumble outside for a bit as well at this point.


In the darkness, I hand, stupidly, my Flametongue dagger to Scanlan again and push him forward with it.


Yeah, we could do that now.


Did you have hickies afterward, or something?


Oh man, I liked him. I'm almost sad that we didn't believe him at first.


If we're smart--


I'm using my first Luck of the day. Oh, that's worse. That is a nine for me.


I think we're going to start out under where Vex is flying, like if she bird pooped on us.


Yeah. Oh no.


Fifty-fucking-five?!


Yes, they were so heavy and I am so weak that I gave them to Yasha to carry. Here's your change.


Realism. All right.


I don't have a plan!


Is he telling the truth?


That's of course assuming that the little green rocks work here.


Yeah! The old "less likely" trick.


'Sup. (tongue click)


Indeed. Captain, I feel like we are having all the fun ourselves. Perhaps you and your friend would like to take the lead this next round.


Have you ever been in one?


They would never believe it if you told them.


Walking to the front gate.


It's me already? Oh, shit. I'm going to unleash on this guy. Again, crack, crack, see what happens.


Maybe if he spends more time around Beau he'll get grumpier.


You sound pretty normal, actually, Nott.


All right, Freddie.


Slowly by.


And do-- and I want to make it really thin to where there's a nice thin layer of earth, and then I want to make it really deep.


Now stay in school, Liam. Stay in school.


We think towards the bog.


Do you still have Lord Tyrell's possessions?


Sweet. Real excited.


It's going to be that centipede creature thingy.


Dullshooter.


Can I look down the passageway that was opened up?


Wait! Okay, that's good.


Hey! That's great.


Warm it up, son. Let's get the bad ones out of the way right now. Shake it off.


Settlers of Catan.


Of course, darling, and you're doing a wonderful job of it.


Fuck a duck.


No, leave it off!


We almost died, Yasha. And then we really would have been dead and then we wouldn't have come back.


The Ki'Nau?


I want it!


Well, there might be something magic. Okay. My investigation check is 19.


I like how that sounds. (like Cali) Murderous fish men.


Many footsteps.


G and R, that's what you've got.


Oh, yeah, sorry. Aside from the four around us, is anyone around?


Along the way, can I look for a tailor?


I try.


That's important to say.


Amazing. That is a 16?


I feel really bad right now. I don't feel happy. All right, so that's-- first the damage.


Well, that's enough.


It's wafting over.


Another stealth check.


Well done!


How'd you guys die? A rug.


Well, there were two paths in the river, and the second path lead to a waterfall. I don't know what was at the top of the waterfall. There could be a chamber up there. I don't know. The other side lead to the thing.


I have some jerky. Do you want a little nibble? You do eat food, don't you?


I think it's a vag.


We healed up. We got a long rest.


That's a great look.


You have 3k? You said you were single?


Is he still under her spell?


Malcavian all the way. It was magical.


Well, but it's a potion. I don't know how it works!


So pretty!


Bye, Kima! Quick steps.


She's very heavy-handed with her innuendos.


Kill it, Scanlan. Kill it.


We were all in high school once, it's okay.


I am snoring after having sex.


If he can guess correctly, not only does he get a token, but she's eliminated from the round, and now there's only three of us available. So it's one step closer to victory. What's your guess?


Too late, but yes?


You can't do that. That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works. Those cages are empty?


And I was wearing it yesterday.


It doesn't say anywhere what Hellish Rebuke-- oh there it is! Dexterity save!


I do; I may ask for it later.


Are we getting the impression that they're totally comfortable underwater?


You could cut me out first! Okay, just go, it's okay.


Here it comes, everybody.


For science!


4,400.


No, it is true. The money meant fuck all.


(groans) Okay.


That's about the same as the King's Hall, yeah.


Die die die.


I would also like to perception ahead and make sure that nothing is going to sneak attack us again.


And you get to lord it over everybody.


Without the dash?


You love her? You love her so much. Take one, right here. You could put it on, cover up at least one foul stench in the room.


Okay, and then last one, last one. 13.


I guess I could, actually, because I can do a flat one. Okay. All right. You know what, I could make little pod bubbles for you guys on the half edge of the cliffs.


Knotts Berry Farm.


Okay, so we have long nights right now.


But lemurs are so cute.


Okay. I'll deal.


We can inform her of the map though, since she doesn't have a very--


I tuck him into my shirt.


Natural one! I'm under his body.


Okay. Shit. We didn't roll initiative. Nott's still stuck?


Fuck! But it was a good song!


I lay the sword right on the table and look at the reflection.


I'm going to sit and watch right next to you.


I actually don't know. I'm just assuming that because she placed her sphere at the bottom of that well in that temple, there are two other temples which we have to do the same thing and that might lead to the release of that serpent.


This is going to drive me crazy.


Are we among friends here and free to talk in front of everyone?


Oh! What?! It's a miracle!


We should use them both!


I'll take my cloak and hang it over the curtains so it's double-blocked.


You would have given it to us.


We can unblock some of the blocked entrances. That's what we're going to have to do, is unblock the blocked entrance.


Hey, Twitch viewer! Didn't see you there. We here at Geek & Sundry appreciate your viewership and your subscription. But did you know that if you have an Amazon Prime account, you can get a free subscription to a single Twitch channel of your choice? In fact, you might even have an Amazon Prime account and not even know it. It's a proven fact that five out of five Amazon Prime account users have Amazon Prime because they simply forgot to cancel their 30-day free trial. So put that free two-day shipping to use and subscribe to Geek & Sundry. But remember, you have to re-subscribe each month to your Twitch channel of choice, which is kind of irritating. But, you know, it's ultimately not our design. So give Geek & Sundry a sub because, you know, we did shoot this fake PSA. [break]


I can still see in the dark for a little while. Let's not alert anything of our presence.


What, are you going after treasure?


And everyone's just floating up, easy as pie.


He's a big guy!


I think I've located it. I can't see it, but I know what direction it's in.


Strength saving throw against 20.


This close. Good job, asshole!


What is your plan?


That's not a d10, that's a d12.


Walk, that's cute. I would like to run past Pike and bear-form tackle him.


Let's bed down. It's not like we don't have to sleep eventually.


Yeah guys, distance is key.


Have either of you been near Pyrah, in the mountains east of here? Have any of you been where the Fire Ashari reside?


I found us Boba Fett, sweet!


You're so tiny, though.


Are you clear now?


I'm just going to flail around with the Spiritual Weapon and hope I hit something.


Yeah, we're pretty loud sometimes.


While they're talking, can I attempt to pull it off of his belt?


You're an eagle.


I'm going to start running up towards them. I'm going to join them on the wall.


Something's going well for Matt.


I'll make it inflate, and then Salvador Dalí, start dripping. Just like (humming).


Like kitchen light white or like reading room light?


(clicks)


You have stolen mail.


You got a sign?


One with a missing eye?


Reckless! But not great weapon master.


So long as you all will pick me up off the floor, I would like to skirt the entire side of the room.


You are strong.


It's on the way, yeah.


Do you promise me?


That was a neat trick.


We've got a couple of quick announcements. The first announcement is that we're currently doing a d20 holiday giveaway over on our Facebook page. That's 20 days of giveaways. We're now on day three and it's a large collection of Dungeons and Dragons related stuff. There's a command in the chatroom that the mods are posting right now if you check that out and we'll also be putting an image up on the screen later that gives you a link out to it and all that good stuff, so make sure you enter. Lucas has got it up right now. Follow that link, enter, try to win some D&D cool stuff. The other big announcement is tomorrow we have a special Beatles Rubber Soul anniversary concert. We have eight different bands coming through--


Can I use my Inspiring Leader feat?


Is it a fortress?


All right, well, then I will take off a diamond and blast it with a Prismatic Spray.


Of course. I need money.


Do I sense, see, hear anything besides this one?


All right. I walk away.


Kaorijimal.


I appreciate the offer.


There's bowls. Mine, mine, mine.


Just don't say anything yet, but just come upstairs.


I like that. I have high hopes for her. Yeah.


I'm going to cast Protection from Energy, acid, onto Vax.


Like a boy scout!


I'll make you into a jacket.


I will tell you everything eventually.


We can always leave through the window this time.


Don't act like you know for sure. (laughter)


Best and worst D&D memories. I can only read that because it's in all caps.


It's just 1d8 becomes 2d8, right?


Natural 20. First roll. Don't even need to do it again.


Look, I'm bound by what the Player's Handbook gave me! So--


We'll discuss later, maybe, but do come in. I would love to introduce you to some friends of mine. Come into town.


Really appreciate that.


Oh. So I shout out  Two! Your leader's dead! You want to still fight us?


(breathless) Yes, that ends my turn.


I’m going to grapple that dick!


Yeah, going deep.


Give it to me now.


I wasn't even looking at my 3rd-levels.


Yes. I really love that piece that you did.


Somebody, seagullblaster--


Seven points of healing?


Okay, and what are they?


I'll go behind Fjord.


Oh wow, it's not either, it's really on an angle.


I'm filing, I'm putting a wall between that.


Sorry, I just wanted to get the point across.


Hmm, that would be harder. Yeah, that would be harder to do, to pull off, you're big. You're pretty big.


I see what's going on. I cast Telekinesis (fssh) and start pulling it up.


The actual device itself has to be built for individual usage; it's not auto. I'm going to try and build one and see how it goes.


How fast? Is he still within visual range?


What is he doing, what?


Yeah. Yeah.


I'm not going to ask him how his family is.


Been looking everywhere for him. Can't find him anywhere. Maybe check that room with the candles on the other side of the hallway.


I can sense something. Let's go in the tent.


It's yours.


What is the Pillow Trove?


Yeah. Whatever you need.


I can, but he's not an animal. He's a dragon-guy.


Is it safe at night?


Thank you. I will return very soon. We will, again with your permission, hopefully be using Whitestone as a place to regroup and prepare ourselves.


The Jonas Brothers.


Actually, can I go around? Can I flank with Avantika? Or no? No, you got to be in the water.


Does that say in your books?


Where is it, where is it?


I follow them! No, just kidding.


No it does not, I'm going to use a bonus action to do Grasping Vine.


Hero.


Fucking fantastic now that I've burnt through two of my top-level ones!


Oh, we're doing both?


That sounds like a lot of diamonds. Are they big diamonds or little diamonds? I don't know.


Then why do you feel like you need to impress him?


I'm sure that the Scaled Tyrant is looking for me in other ways, but thank you. You guys, I've never had people look after me and help me like this before. You guys are probably the first friends I've ever had. Where do you guys normally stay, if I need to come and find you?


Jeffrey, please, you're just gonna make more work for me if you-- if he has to behead you right now, please.


Otherwise, we're walking five miles underwater.


We stealth there.


This is where it was!


Who else survived?


I don't know. I'll look it up later!


Yeah, I know. Go up there with Shale. Shale's a rock. Go.


Where do I put this d10? Doesn't matter. Cool. I'm going to go as far as I can towards the old broad.


I think we are on our own. I mean, I think it's part of our perseverance to prove that we are worthy of being-- I mean I am in the guild, just to be clear.


Can she come in for 30 seconds and heal us?


Nope. Is the big ogre--


Very, I, yes? Maybe? I don't know?


Maybe bust the wood on the bottom.


I'm just punching the shit out of her while surrounded by rainbow sea horses and a bladed lollipop. This is awesome.


And he nodded!


Over the earring  Pickle, will you get me one of those, as well, and don't drink it before I come back?


A strength save?


Yennen, would you be comfortable sharing some of this burden?


Yeah, I send Frumpkin ahead and see it, and go blind and deaf here, so I can get a closer look at them.


Definitely the same pink hair, but tied back. He's a thin, adult human man who's got a little bit of a scruff going into a bit of a shaggy goatee. If this is appropriate for it, a little bit of the French Restoration, but nice, pale, opalescent whites.


I'm using Luck. Okay, so I rolled a 21.


For the record, I do not like this plan.


(yelling) Fjord! No!


He's staying at the inn.


Oh no! What if it's a trap?


Oh right. Oh, that's probably better with the mouse than with Nila.


I'm so excited.


Is that 30 feet?


No, he hasn't cast it on him yet.


Is there any point to having you sharpshoot from behind that wall down below?


It was bothering me this whole time, too! I meant to fix it in the break.


Yes, this was, we got this from @rusegafdi. He wore this at Tabletop Day, so--


(sings) Grappled and stunned, so grappled and stunned!


We got two rooms.


They're considered undead. 30 to hit. And the second one.


I rolled a two and a two, so four.


No, don't! Come on!


No! I'm too scared to go over there. No, there's a child in need. We've got to help.


Taking a shot with Retort, with the little pistol at the fucker I've marked. Dear god almighty. 16 to hit?


I can kill an eel. Anybody can.


It's in my blood, man. It's all a ruse.


Okay. So we'll be careful.


You're talking real loud.


Yes. I want to re-stealth and move until I'm directly over it.


I did say that, didn't I?


I'm looking rough.


I will have Jester sketch it out and we will have it forever.


There's got to be public record, right?


Well, you don't all have to come. Some can stay above. I just wanted to put the invite out there.


Can I try doing the Mending cantrip on it? Would that help?


It's up to the deck, or it's up to you?


Let's go fast while I still have this concentration.


I know. It's so magical.


I can see why they say a witch was here. It's pretty spooky in this light.


Call whose attention forth?


And take out my vorpal blade. And reach out and grab him by the hair and stick it in the back of his neck.


Contracts.


All right. I'm going to use a different die because it's funnier that way. That's an eight.


No, we're just starting. You--


I mean, I guess we can, yeah. All right, well, I spent my beginning of the year trying to find the baby of the Grey Render that I sent on its way. Mortally.


Let's see here.


Yes. (rasping) Drop the child!


Platinum dragon?


Is she here? She's so stealthy, I don't understand.


(whispering) Can I murder one first?


That's a bonus action.


Who am I to judge?


Shorthalt?


It's been doing fine for me.


No, I'm good at perceiving things, I'm just not good at reading people.


Yeah, make it my bitch. Ugh, math is hard. 16, plus bloodaxe, six, so 22.


To a pub?


Oh, so something happened, didn't it?


I don't want to overthink this, but I feel like the sword said that it wanted to cut the webs of Vecna. Can I just cut the tower down?


Would you like to?


Can you do the cool John Wayne thing, and go underneath of him, and hang on his belly from the saddle?


Yeah, I'm gonna whisper in Fjord's ear-- I'm sorry, this is my nightmare, please just go with it? It's Lucien. And I'm back around. Pass it on.


(cat yowl)


No, it's got to be the whole book.


Six seconds of dialogue, right there!


So I can make everyone look a little different.


Fucking fuck! Do you guys have this?


Half could rest at the top while the eagles fly back, and the ones at the bottom could rest.


I'm trying. I'm sorry. I get emotional. I'm trying to remain calm, here. Okay?


We can sleep first and then get settled into the Leaky Tap, and then sell our shit tomorrow.


Hi, guys.


That's kind of cool.


Ah! (group laughs)


Should we get into some sort of position so we're not all clumped together?


Yes, I'm sure you were.


No, it's too dangerous. (laughter)


I think all anyone asked is for some slight improvements in our planning over the years. Slight improvements.


Big dreams, Taliesin, big dreams.


Yeah, stab, poke, enchant, whatever.


Vox Machina, let's do this shit.


I don't have Fireball.


Every time you use it, or is at a one-time--


Which are in the satchel on the other side of the bags, right?


I don't think so. Did I say anything that was bad?


Little much?


Something about my words are just making his blood boil.


I take my cup back. Down it. I love small towns.


Please tell me he has a shortsword and can fight.


(growls) Nope.


Says him. Psh.


Yeah, that's the end of my turn.


Sorry, I know you are busy preparing for the day.


Matthew Mercer, keeping us humble since 2013.


Make you believe?


(chainsaw noises)


You're in different parts of the song.


No, your friends. We'll let them sleep unless those things come closer.


I know Hide in Plain Sight is for myself, but I feel like as a ranger I'd be able to hide tracks and stuff.


Oh, I'm the only one that's left?


I was hoping I wouldn't need it!


Yeah, I'll have to remember--


Oh, rough. 12.


Sure. Do you write?


Do you know how to write?


No. We do not need to talk to Dad.


You know, if we kill the Briarwoods, is this even a point?


Yeah, I know, I was like, sounds legit. Sure. I'd believe that!


Is there a time of the day or the week that you would have mother-daughter time?


Scroll up... no.


Okay, so I'll just-- I guess I can't do anything while I'm in there, so? Can I just--


Javelins not so good.


I'm going to try this. I'm going to put my hands on him. Try to cast Revivify.


Doesn't quite work that way. It works on creatures. I'm not sure I could do this.


It's like three little acid vials.


Kuthok!


You're going to get shot at again. It's breaking my heart.


I give her a hug from behind as she's walking away.


The city is invisible.


Very very fair.


It takes Pike 24 hours to cast this?


Telling who what?


Oh, no you didn't. Not yet.


I'm drunk!


Yeah, I ran for a few more feet, and then I looked around and no one else was running with me, so I turned around and restarted running back with my little gnome legs. (panting)


And with my bonus action, can I cast Hex Blade's Curse at the guy standing right next to us?


Yeah, for ten gold. Just ball bearings and throwing stars.


Hope I'm right next to you.


Our announcement is our brand-new opening title sequence. Which I think we're ready for.


The dumbest--


I think it's 30 feet. Let's see. 20 feet. You're right, I'm sorry. 20 feet.


I use Alter Self to go to my tiefling form.


You might need a good laugh.


There's the woman.


Can we call you B.E.F. for short? Bird-Eye Fjord.


2,000 pounds.


I have something I'd like to do now. In these moments, I have a little bag of treasures that I smell. They're little treasures that I collect along the way of things that are significant and meaningful to me. If I smell it, it tells me what the experience will be like. If we leave this man and go to this Ophelia Mardun, let me see what my smell check does. Okay?


Because this is on a trade run, and this whole isle is part of that, could we make port for more extensive repairs there?


The whole time.


That's 19 plus-- 26 points of damage.


And Trinket. (poof)


I just made this poison for, like, no fucking reason? (laughter)


No, then your soul goes here--


Either where this happened or where they were hiding?


Nine-- sorry. 12. 13 total, 13.


It's really-- it's the opposite of fire, Caleb.


You could build a bear in the beard.


Remember our days watching Saved by the Bell together?


Shite. Best lie I've ever told... I pretended to be royalty for three weeks. For a scam.


Grog, what are you doing?!


Oh, yeah. Okay, no, I'm still on my feet.


For Molly!


I can go ahead and cast Animal Shapes on her, but it takes a turn, a round, for me to-- an action to change her into something else, so can I cast it on her, but leave her as Vex for now?


You're next to Tary, though, you can put it in his.


Sure, sure, that makes sense.


I'm going to use my staff. That's terrible. Six.


Yasha, you need healing too!


Yeah, that asshole.


For the moment, why not? I will say, I know the Feywild by reputation, and by reputation you are known for your manners, and any kingdom should be measured by manners as the currency that is the easiest to come across.


We can't do anything about that floating ball. Cover it with a handkerchief.


By the way, did you open your Christmas present from me?


We also have some jewels.


Can you hold until you--?


Yeah, I think you saw that.


This is your head, man.


I don't know that we did; there were only two of them, and because Caleb left the bubble, it disappeared, right?


I have two quick announcements. Hello, everyone. Greetings and salutations. My first announcement is that I will be sitting on Zac's face this whole game. I have found the pillow.


Run! (laughter)


What if she doesn't know? What if she can't decide?


What do you mean on the exterior?


Can I reach them with my speed?


Man, this Academy place keeps getting brought up.


Doty's not in the circle.


Just making sure it functions, too.


Yeah, do the tracks lead to the hole?


I'm staying at the mouth with the other end of the rope. You guys are going in.


Yeah, it really fights back as you eat it. You know?


Great, greater, okay. I'll do that by myself. You keep going.


Would she or would I?


He has it automatically.


I don't know that she's poisoned. All right, then I'm going to waste my turn completely and try to cast Cure Wounds on her, because that's all I fucking--


And I can do it every time?


Would you say that you offer a larger selection of meat than some of the other establishments in town?


Am I there, Matt?


Shut the-- that is not what we were doing.


Well, I'm not going to run right back to the temple. Are you?


Did you send her towards refugees?


Caleb, do you need to buy paper here or anything?


Emergency, yeah. Let's take those.


(singing) So many maps!


Wait, did you cast a spell? Oh, oh wow. Okay, that was easy. All right, focus up.


Why have you aligned yourself with this creature?


I'm still alive.


I don't know a lot of adjectives. I'm not a great storyteller. I said it's a gate and there are people there. What else do you need to know? You need the fucking colors and the designs.


The other end will be my masterpiece, my book. Doty has been very, very good about taking down all of my adventures and exploits, and at the end of it all... I know we just met, but may I share with you some of my working titles?


It's not me, Grog. It's not me.


(laughs) Never.


Thank goodness. I have to pee so bad.


Rolling now. Sorry, guys, sorry. Wait, what's my spellcasting ability modifier? Why am I blanking?


Oh! Lava pools.


Is that overkill? We'd have to convince a dragon, not capture a dragon.


What would you ask in return?


I take it back! Plan!


We're just getting into this swamp right now, right?


How many of us can fly? Well, I guess we could take a couple of trips on the carpet.


You know, it's jet lag. It's teleport lag. It gets to you.


Listen to me; if you tell me to go in, I will go in. But there's strength with the others. After this, if you tell me to go in, you say the word. It's not like I haven't tried to throw my life away already. You think I wouldn't do it for you?


Now we have to burn the head with the-- aww, it would've been so great if we would've succeeded.


Can I join in?


I could feel it from that side.


Pumat, thanks for your time. We will not be bothering you any longer.


Anyway. Long story short, we separated into four separate tribes to protect the places where the elemental planes bleed into this realm. Once every generation, someone is nominated to go out and make contact with the sister tribes in order to establish further communication, check in, learn about each other's cultures.


We are doing so great!


So that's 12, plus, it's always different. Okay, 20.


I can make, like, wind.


Just make a canister, put some black powder in there, put the thing together. It doesn't even have a fuse, it's something I can toss and shoot to trigger.


And it's not just us. The dragons were a test. This fucking lunatic, this dead thing. He's not setting up a theme park, guys.


I go  Ghosts? Did you say ghosts? I'm scared of ghosts!


The damage pressure?


Oh. I wonder if we could sprinkle it around us and they won't bother us because we'll smell like their brethren.


Are you readied?


No, how about we just wrap it in fabric. No?


Long may he reign.


Yes. I think that's definitely, I think light, I think electricity.


Does the tree have a weakness?


Did you want to know my name?


When do I change into my sailor outfit? [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] [cheering]


We're tapped. We had a long day.


Maybe this was some sort of offering to the Raven Queen? We might be getting close.


I hold off on Raging. I can't talk, right? If I'm freaking out?


In which particular way do you mean, aside from all of them?


Pike is it the sword, is it the sword?


Do I go alone or do I get help?


Oh, fancy.


Just double birds.


Yeah, I'm feeling very drunk, so I'm going to go to bed.


Oh yes!


Yeah, 20 feet tall. For six to 12 seconds. That didn't last more than two rounds.


Clarota, what are we looking at in here?


We're pretty cool.


Before I make this attack, when I scanned around, did I see any of his allies without any weapons or carrying a staff or something like that?


Avernus.


Oh, thanks!


We’re still learning.


I'm in the water with you.


He might not know everything. How long does it take for Keyleth to pee?


That's a high number.


Oh, I might Blink again! Jesus!


Nott, let's put him in the cage and maybe he'll--


What's your name, sir?


I don't think I did anything wrong!


All right, you seem to be rolling pretty high. You could use the dice that I threw.


Is this your first time?


Oh, yeah, okay. (mumbling) 14.


Hold on! Nice.


I treasure every minute, and you remind me to not be so serious.


No! It seems that way because I'm making a face because I'm halfway through a dump right now.


Oh, movement!


Well, I hate to put it that way, but uh, I don't know. This seems--


And krakens.


Okay. I run up and with the clawed hand, she dives into try and grab this thing out of the pool.


Let's jauntily head over.


Would you like a tour of Whitestone? It's really lovely this time of year.


Yes, I'm a good talker when I have to be.


So just an attack?


Thanks. I will inspire Grog by singing the customary birthday song of his people, which goes like this, (singing) Happy happy happy, happy happy happy-- they're a very simple people-- happy happy happy happy. (groans) (laughter)


Grammar.


What he just said.


Oh. 18. Is my strength.


They'll mail you one?


Okay, not too hard to hit.


What does that mean? What does two mean?


Yeah, it's one of those big--


Pass Without a Trace?


Should've worn sunglasses here.


They're worse than Trinket, Scanlan.


(high-pitched) Pew, pew.


My worry about animals is don't we also have the intellect of the animals that we become?


Frumpkin can be, oh jeez, right behind me is fine.


I'm going to go northeast.


The ship's on fire.


(growling)


Oh, good morning.


Butt turkey?


Caleb's unconscious; we've got to get him out.


We already shimmied.


Not us.


Make sure you don't get your fingerprints all over it!


We're doing it live! We're doing it live.


Yeah. It's a concentration spell. It lasts a minute.


Bribes.


Just get out, man.


Oh, this is so exciting! All right, so these fabulous bracelets and those pins that you guys ordered a while ago? Those are shipping out next week, you guys, so look forward to that! You remember the limited edition patches that we had from Comic Con? We got more of those! So those are back in the store tonight, as well as if you go there right now, you may notice we have a limited run of more Gilmore's Glorious Goods t-shirts, as well as some How Do You Want To Do This t-shirts, and I know those are probably going to sell out pretty fast, but they will be back in the store in a couple of weeks, so if you order now, you might get them before Christmas in a couple weeks. I don't know, but we're doing our best.


So you're just here to be an errand boy. That's all you want. To help us out.


Edubation. It's critical.


A newsie runs by--


There's a lot of applause GIFs out there, so why don't you do an applause or a praising type GIF? Ready? And action!


Probably shoot a couple dummy arrows out of it


I hate to call it friend, and yet I do. Isn't that right, friend?


Did you do something wrong? Or bad?


I feel like we're spending a lot of time on this, and maybe not enough time on our battle plan.


Okay then I have one of those.


It's 4d6.


I stand at the bottom of the stairs and I watch.


Fucking done.


That, we'll confirm with our friend. That, we'll confirm with our person. And, seem like I don't want to use that term too loosely. We'll see what would be most advantageous for getting what we want out of this situation.


Vex.


5% both times.


I look around for Pike.


Do they fall to the porch?


The acid will do full damage.


Basically, just burp a lot.


Not statues. Idols. Small images of the white dragon for worship.


Would you have woken up in your drunken stupor?


There's the white-haired lady.


Will you go touch that black orb?


22. Plus four.


No, I'll stay up.


That's what I was hoping for, but we'll see. But I have to ask. So that ornamental thing that's above the doorway of the tower, does it look like something I might be able to make a leap, with my Boots of Feral Leaping, and start a very rudimentary climbing up the side of the tower, King Kong-style, if I wanted to try and get up to where she is? Or would I be better suited jumping down?


My first point, Grog, I need you, we all do.


It's like a John Wu film.


No, but I mean if the warden doesn't give us what we want.


While I'm outside, I say  Could I offer you some refreshments, great master?


(whispering) We don't know what the hell this is.


I don't think I am yet, because I missed a lot of games.


Yes, shots first, then draw.


Don't worry. It helped. Helped us.


Plus whatever I was on fire for.


Yeah, I could feel your glycogen spike from over here.


I just came to borrow some butter. I was making something in my room.


Why does he need to leave the city?


Caleb, you already went. You're going to give it to her? Okay. Then I'll lay into it.


And raise morale.


It's staying out of that bubble?


All right, let's all make the changing circle.


Tink.


Yes. The side away from the docks.


Are you still an eagle? Can you even talk to him?


You sit in the bathroom stall with your legs raised, with a notebook.


It's not heavy at all. We don't have anything in it, darling.


But what if we leave and then they want to play games?


All on one guy?


Hanging brain.


I don't understand what's happening.


It still hits. That's fine.


Initiative! Roll for initiative!


That'll do. 18, 28, 30.


Wait, you want to do Greater Restoration, why?


Do you have one of those on your big Bad News?


Speak With Dead.


Oh, but it was so good!


Don't worry, Grog.


Oh, then I'd be down there.


Somewhere, there's a guy working in a morgue going, "Oh!"


It's funny how the good people can make assholes like us feel so small.


(rugged voice) Would you like to see my wares--


What are the chances it dropped any of us while this happened?


Does someone need to man the ship at night when most of us are sleeping?


It's going great, we're doing good. Oh, that's good! That's a 14.


Oh. Well, that's a one, so.


Yep, like a pebble.


Do not use Lightning Bolt.


Can I try taking a sip?


Even though it's a concentration spell?


It's not pretty, it's all broken.


Yep, butt turkey, you heard me. That's one point of psychic damage and it has disadvantage next attack.


I'm trying to get an image of her in my brain here.


No. Let's do level three.


Trinket, Trinket! Think of Vex. Go to Vex. Go to Vex. She's up there.


Is he trying to bamf in? Scanlan?


I was busy looking for my card. And I found it. Hi guys, my name is Vex'ahlia. Cool, yes, we're good. Can I search for that tea set that I tried to give him?


That's more than one.


(yelling) You were right, Caleb! You're just a shitty communicator!


To scout!


I didn't Wheaton, come on. I Percy'd.


If we skimp, he's going to think we're bigger assholes than we actually are.


Maybe she's a really cool girl that won't be into you and you can just hang out and be besties?


That's 11 (counting) 12 points of radiant damage.


Do it, Yasha!


Should we be trying to get out of here?


I'm going to be like, 'scuse me, 'scuse me, Pike, 'scuse me. Sorry, sorry.


I was waiting for your response.


Fucking fly!


He's shaking his leg so much. Don't move your leg!


I was taking in the rain, yo! I like it!


(laughing) Don't, no.


I am looking irritated at the guards at this.


For me. Ooh, a 19! Plus two.


They don't like talking.


Okay. Could you give me a moment?


I need you to stand up with it so we can see what it looks like.


Come on, Jester.


He picked up a sword and went running back into battle.


'Cause we're in the Bay of Gifts.


-- she hates undead.


The Anvil is probably too far away at this point. Yeah, it's probably not right here at the top. What about these colorful plant things floating past us? Are they going to sting us and paralyze us?


We're stealthing.


You have met a ghost you didn't want to punch.


Three years ago, Papa wouldn't let me out of the closet, so I didn't hear much of what was going on.


Shaun? Shaun! It's us. Are you home?


But no one make any mistake. She's lying to our faces. She is not telling us what she wants or what she wants to do. You have a whole plan!


Yeah, I know. I'm asking if that's an enemy on our ship, right there.


Yes! Get him!


I slip her 30 gold.


To catch things up, I walk out the door and I'm going to get the other two.


It's not above 25.


I hope so, too. I cast Cure Wounds.


See, the beads have a little bit of like, gold embossing, etching inside of them.


They don't even have to be that scrappy now.


I'm slowly - I'm going to walk in and have a moment and look Vax over.


I grab Trinket's paw like in Superman 1, and we fly.


It's of my ancestor.


What kind of devils are we talking about?


Come here, bitches


15, but it doesn't matter. I'm walking forward.


Yeah, it seems like you've been so busy.


Athletics.


You want to deal with that right away.


Oh wait, I can blind one other person?


He said two superior.


I am, yeah, I'm a rising junior.


Mhm..


I mean, if you are in the empire you've heard of the Cerberus Assembly, ja.


I know, you've been great, man.


What are you fucking doing, Vex?


Getting turnt.


It's actually true, she wasn't with us.


Hits, okay. So, first one's sneak attack, so, shite. An eight-- I'll add that on at the end. Here come the dice. Two, four, seven, ten, 16, 21, 27, 28. 28 plus two is 30, 36, for that first with sneak attack damage.


Are we not going to be in the house?


She's in this tent.


Nice. That is 12 points of damage.


I don't use them at all.


Whatever. They all sound the same. I can scry, look at a tree, and then we go through that tree.


Oh, ritual casting Detect Magic, but that's ten minutes of stoppage.


I think it's just you.


Whoa! Slowly!


Do we have a library at the Take?


Sounds like Caleb. Wow.


I didn't see it, I was recording.


My timing is bad. (laughter)


I throw up a Wall of Stone.


Oh, we got the Slayer's Take.


Can I use my robe of infinite twine, which I have on my person in another game before. Because it's connected to my rope. Can I use that and tie it around Kima and hook it to Trinket so he can drag Kima along?


I'm going to keep Sacred Flame prepped as well, to release it then if anything gets attacked.


That's right. We rolled a character sheet for our baby on our announcement.


Wait, here's what I'm afraid of. If we sleep we could lose Grog's trail. He could be nearby right now.


I thought you were going to die.


I can't turn it off! It won't stop!


Yeah. I regret zip. [end of transcription]


Gather close next to me, who's close nearby? I do a Wall of Stone as a pillar and pillar us up towards the hole.


Do you want to Speak with Dead before bed, or do you want to sleep on it?


That'll be our brand-new thing, so please come and watch that.


What language was that in?


27, with five points of necrotic.


It's like in Willow with the stick. Woo!


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was... 24 points of damage.


Can I as a bonus action--


I do have my winter clothes. I bought them. Just laying that out.


Oh! Wait, someone's here.


I wasn't bitching at all! You asked.


That was a Gil, but he did good. 19.


Okay. 15 now.


Are our things even in our room anymore?


I'm going to go find my sister.


Oh, Taliesin's here.


Whisper!


Someone has to ride the carpet with them.


If he can't move, he's fucked.


I'll take the skull to Whitestone, and I'll see you in the morning.


Which I have advantage on. 18.


I pull Vax aside.


Total of 12.


I want to shoot the rakshasa! (all laugh)


Butt-cheeks clenched.


Fly into the air!


I take the leftover bacon strips, and I shove them in my pocket.


This is like us trying to figure out a check.


I do a little gust cantrip to blow it.


But wait, you get to dispel magic!


Castle Greyskull on there.


What kind of an alien language? Any that we recognize?


Sandwiches!


Wait, wait! Just paint wood there!


Don't hurt the snail.


We're saying that's the idea because there's a diamond to a diamond, and a star to a star, and a triangle of dots to that triangle.


That's a two, so I think this story is over. Aw, the second one was an 18. Aw. Three.


Can I attune to my blood axe instead of the thrower before I go to sleep?


Yeah. They were texting all of us the pictures.


Do I go for the bear, or do I go for the gnome?


All right. Let's get this man to safety and then we'll finish up our errands for the day, yes?


Let's go. Just do it.


All the fun has gone out of it.


Ouch!


I pat him on the shoulder, and say, that was so impressive. A genuine mage! And I use sleight of hand to shove the flying broom into the Bag of Holding.


Let's go in there!


You're-- you're farm folk?


I go back.


We're all going downstairs.


I don't know. I said there's all these cool cult people. Yeah, they could leave.


Were the blankets the same, or were they all different?


20. 19.


Or one big thing.


Let me go try and gather the rest of the Ashari.


Are you coming with us, though, Keyleth?


And then Sleep arrow.


Lillith, does this mean you are free from those who are hunting you?


That's three inspirations you've just given him.


It's okay, neither can I!


But if everybody is out of the town, and it's empty, then won't the dragon know?


Ooh! That's sexy.


The Voice of the Tempest is overruling you on this one.


We could make some interesting decisions on what's in that box.


And stay tuned because during the break, we're going to play the first episode of Key Question, because it's Deadpool related, and Deadpool's tomorrow. It's an edited version because it's a long episode but you get a sample. Okay bye.


You are not.


Keyleth has laid out the Vorgual spoils like she got back from a yard sale.


Take that for what it's worth.


No I'm going with my first one. You don't get to negate my roll.


Is he starting to look any better? Could I try healing him a little bit?


The guy who saw me as invisible.


You both had 18?


I got drunk before we came underwater. That's the only way I could go underwater.


Thanks Danielle!


We wake the next morning. Beard check, please.


Like cheeseburger in a shot glass.


It's very nice.


Yeah, tell him to go sit in a corner, Scanlan.


Does it break through the door?


I'm going outside, too.


Is there anything else in the room besides the two reliefs on either side that we can see? Tools?


Something with a big lapel. Maybe double breasted. Sounds great. We would look so handsome, you guys.


That seems legit. That seems legit and honest. He was making an honest-- Right? Did you get the honest vibe from Plankie?


Yeah, but if we don't kill the people then they can kill us.


Yeah, I'll pour you a drink. I'll refill his cup. Does he have a cup?


We've returned for good, for a while, so no immediate threat anymore.


It's dark okay?! I can usually paint much better than this. It's really dark and my hands feel a little numb.


They don't have Middle Eastern food there, I hope!


I'll be right back. I go.


My plan was to take that skull and run like a fucking football player and fucking go for the goal.


Like a turtle.


With the new data, how do you feel?


I shake like a husky a little bit.


He's doing what he loves best. Ignoring everything else.


Yes. Move like a giant frog.


Oh boy, that is a lot happening.


Are there any buttons, knobs, levers?


Would anyone of your group like to be joining us? Kara or Ulog, yourself?


Big Sur is nice this time of year.


(high-pitched voice) Oh, hello!


I'm gonna look for tracks.


And then get arrested for it.


You shoot it at an angle up at his head. Up into the sky.


Are the ropes attached to the spears?


It could blow up in my face.


Oh, I'm on my broom, so I was flying backwards.


Actually, oh there's a bunch of those dudes, aren't there? I'm going to do a Fireball instead, right in the center of the juiciness where I can get a couple little guys and both the big guys.


Well, it does.


Happy to.


Can I grab a stick and lift the edge of the mat up?


Four! (laughter)


I was drowning.


Cool map.


But they were going the wrong way.


That's deeply accurate.


Well, one of those people was giving us the stink-eye.


This is terrifying, but I think the three most even-keel, normal of us should go to the meeting. I don't think that the three of us necessarily would be appropriate company.


Just curious why you have a mask.


Shat all over my plans. Let's go home, I guess.


Hey, you can get the note.


The way Circle of Teleportation works is when I learned it I get to pick two locations that I know innately. I picked Emon as one of them.


There's a pool in the back there. That's where they entered and exited from.


What are you doing? I mean, I knew it was you, but I thought you were going to reveal yourself to everyone.


Concentrated evil.


Pike, I'm standing right next to you.


Yeah, it's the dexterity, right?


I have my goggles on, by the by.


He doesn't know what that word means.


Hey, man. Old trick's the best trick.


So, I'm like (long groan, rewind noise) Oh shit! (long groan). (all laugh)


Lead something right to us.


I do that thing where I try to water current its bloody guts away from me so I'm not inhaling it.


Get it out now.


Okay. I'll take it, I'll take it.


One of you little ones, please, would you use your magical hand to touch-- there's a jar in that drawer and there is a bottle of ink.


This is going to be an odd request. Let's not go to Whitestone.


Just a reminder the daggers, folks, blink back to the belt on my waist.


Well, I think I speak for all of us, we're certainly up to the task for a bit. Well, maybe for a little less than a bit. Can I ask, are there any other threats to this town, besides those gnolls?


Yes, but that's not the first letter of the alphabet. You've said it before. Ah--


Yeah, I feel like going down.


That is mighty considerate of you, Nott. Are you sure you don't want to take a crack at it?


Why did we do this?!


No. I don't have bunkbeds.


I've stared at the eye. Fuck. I have no idea.


How is your relationship with him now? Besides the fact that he used to beat the crap out of you when you were younger.


I'm going to get provisions ready to spoon-feed her.


That's exactly my range.


I motion to everyone, stay back, open the door, and I push Dr. Ripley into the room, with me behind her.


Was that today? It legitimately feels like a week ago at this point. (laughter)


I start cleaning it up. Well, he seemed pretty pissed that I went and got Kaylie, even though he ran away with her at the first chance he had.


People die every day. Except me. That's my punishment, child. I live on. I live on with my shame and my intelligence and you.


Lulling you into a false sense of security.


Well, we're from Wildemount. Hired mercenaries from the Empire. I'm with a secret order of the monks from the Cobalt Soul, known as the Expositors. Avantika has been a person of interest that we've been wanting to investigate for some time, and I was sent to do that. So, unfortunately, our business has nothing to do with you fine folk here of Darktow. It only has to deal with Avantika. She's disrupted our shores enough. We decided to investigate.


Welcome to Agrabah.


We have to kill them at some point.


We're not any good to anybody at the moment, so I imagine so.


Hold on. I'm learning how this works. I can cast Healing Word.


He smoked both of them, yeah.


I forgot what it was you left to go do, actually! (laughs)


Laura and I will get our travel situation fixed. We didn't know raw plutonium was not allowed in the UK. We travel with it always. It is a fantastic gem. Put it under the moonlight and it radiates.


Hydra.


Hi. I don't want to be alone tonight. Do you?


Next round, on its turn. I'm burning another grit for my final shot.


Are we sneaky?


That money's not going anywhere.


Eskil?


Did he say weeks? Did he slip that in?


Penis!


I don't believe that'll work.


Do something good.


50? A year! Why?! Thank you so much.


Hey, Percy? How much does that comic cost?


(sings) It's delightful, it's de-lovely.


Pickles.


Oh man, we're in it, y'all, we're fucking in it!


You thought I'd be the one to fuck up. (laughter)


I have a question. Has Vecna still been healing with each round?


I can look for them too, I don't know what a trap looks like.


Constellation Bridge.


Yeah. Theory time. Maybe. This primordial is marching with Thar Amphala on its back to Vasselheim. If I were a god, wanting to prove that I'm awesome and do a big miracle thing, I would drop a giant city on top of another city.


I think I have a spell. That might be able to help. I don't know it right now though. We'd have to take a break. I'd have to pull out my books and relearn it. It takes some time.


Gold, I guess.


High profile, but low profile.


While all this is happening, I'm going to go over to one of those moss clusters and just cuddle up with it and sleep. And take a short rest.


And we get out.


It's either a one or a 20.


I point at the tree.


She looks really scary.


I really like long walks in the forest when I'm feeling disconnected.


I never see shit!


All right. Are we dumping these bodies or what?


That one use, okay. Can I move any more, or am I all moved out?


Okay! Fucking want to (mumbling). Die! Okay, first one is a seven, second one is a six.


Come say hi! As Travis says, "Come give us a squeeze."


I thought you were practicing honesty.


Should we go to Terrah? Check in with them, I guess, while we're there?


(German accent) Ja, let's do the raging.


I got an 11! Together, we can get a Slurpee. I'm weird tonight. I don't know what's up.


And then for the dude by Scanlan gets a-- word, 19.


Wode and Wade!


I assume I don't get the extra bonus for radiant.


Okay. Move me an additional 30 feet because my flight is 60 feet, so that was from the last turn.


Nott, how close does Mage Hand have to be?


What are you shooting it with?


I honestly don't know. I haven't been here. But we hunt. We are... everybody here hunts.


I'll make my way over to Janet-- Yasha and take her by the arm and say, you okay with this?


No, no, it could be a decade from now. Yes.


Do you have eyes on them?


It's all up to you.


Nice. 37 on the first.


Yeah. It's going to have to go fast.


There was a lot.


This is the Broker?


The breeze from his wings kinda stokes my fire elemental form a little bit and I'm kind of into it.


(Winnie the Pooh voice) Oh, bother.


So I can't use Trinket yet, because I already did something.


This is true.


Just dump all your money on the ground. They'll come out of the houses, the woodworks.


You wouldn't be able to commit it to memory and then rewrite it later?


I can try again.


The trees are awesome. Oh man! That fucking music.


Oh wait, you said-- oh, disadvantage.


Have you seen it?


And now there's a firbolg! I feel like leaving--


It's 1d8 plus one.


That's the title of my, '127 Hours With a Gun'.


Classic line.


It's a reaction.


We need that! And our money exchange.


Yeah, but what purpose would it serve?


Ooh! Yeah, yeah.


No, no, no, no, no, not yet.


Tiberius puts his hand on Percy's shoulder, and go, I'm sorry for the tragedy which is your family, and what these Briarwoods have befallen to them, and I will promise you, I will do my best to have you give that final blow from that barrel to the names assigned to them. But now it is a far dangerous situation, as you very well know.


Yeah, fucker.


And gameplay mechanics, can Trinket get walloped so hard that it passes all of his new form, plus Trinket form, and take him out?


Here's Percival's.


And back up around that corner so I'm parallel with Percy there. Yeah, right there.


Dragon! Drag--!


All right, I love you guys so much.


That's a good question. Do you want to walk away for this?


But Tary was still in--


Perception? Not investigation?


In terms of just being giant or, like, well-proportioned? Symmetrical?


We've got the gray wave one.


So glad I healed myself.


You, my good friend, would you walk with me in the direction that the dead person said that this entrance is in? Before my magic runs out.


Ooh, look at your dice!


Clang clang. ASHLEY Clang clang clang clang.


I vote we don't fuck with the pixies. Never thought I'd say that.


Well it's just that-- listen, there's no offense, I enjoy our talks and your schooling and everything, but I haven't talked this openly and freely with other people in months. It's amazing.


(singing) The best lay around!


Wow! That's a deal.


Whoa! [cheering]


Vex is retired in Whitestone right now. She's not here.


Yeah, that's correct. Nott, you could at least give it a whirl.


All right. Let's go assassinate someone.


Do we hold hands?


Good thing no one destroyed this thing while he was gone.


(singing) You had a bad day. (groaning and laughing)


No, he keeps all his stuff.


Taryon's sitting with a cup of tea.


Oh, there's one on Caleb. He's still on top of him?


He's very sad.


No, we're going to talk to her first.


The axe is across the room, remember?


I have advantage on dexterity saving throws.


So our right, its left.


We may very well be the person that comes to power in this city.


This is so stressful. 16?


She's going to be like--


There's always shit behind waterfalls. I think we should.


You're still strong.


The half-elf and the half-orc are the ones that are magical.


Do the guards sleep here on the estate, or do they go home at night?


22 points?


Before we officially say that, let me check the schedule, because we've already told everyone the first week, so before we say that officially, let me check the schedule and make sure that's okay.


I mutter that to Beauregard.


We could also go to a breakfast shop and do it there.


I do too. I'll do my best to keep him in the forefront. And as for you: I like the version of you that's not afraid. So let's go meet this terrible thing, drop off the book, get you feeling a bit better.


I'm not going to volunteer myself as a slave to the dragon.


Fabulous. They came with quite a price tag, didn't they?


It's a tube? We're in one of the cow's stomachs.


I'm going to cast Sending.


The things we need to collect?


Ooh, snakes come in and out of here!


Indeed. He seems like quite the benevolent leader.


What is going on? I had-- This has never happened before.


You hear a dice fall, "And... six witches come out."


No, I had a bit of a reclused upbringing. I learned magic, I know a few spells, and I learned how to control it a bit. Draconic blood gives me some magic, but I've never been in a real fight before.


Ooh, jesus christ.


Is that a thing? Are we doing this?


He's alive, don't worry.


But we have a map and maybe she can show us on the map where she thinks she needs to go?


May I examine it?


Go figure.


I'm going to cast Light under one of the flaps of my robe. (igniting sound)


And, are there stores, are there businesses? Are these all non-descript buildings, or does it all just look like the same shit? Or is it--


It's a two.


And in all your experience with these beasts, are their attacks mainly physical?


He does turn people.


I'll go grab her.


You're pretty small. Just as mice.


I don't think I should tell any of you.


I think you're overthinking this.


Well, they said that we were--


Oh, right. I'm glowing. No wonder I rolled so poorly.


It's a big solid building, doors are shut, that's it?


We killed a white dragon, motherfucker.


The German judge doesn't like it.


Is there blood?


(singing) I wish I had looked at the Dodecahedron this morning. (normal voice) 15?


Yeah, it's technically an ice bucket.


That you know of.


Maybe we'll come back tomorrow.


It's the whole thing!


No, nobody's in the room.


Just the campfire.


I pat him on the shoulder and say  don't worry, nobody saw that.


It's a good half-life.


He has Fassbender. I guess I'm just going to shoot it. I mean, what else can I do right now?


The Volvo of wagons.


"I’ve never been to the Coast."


No, it makes sense to leave him here, right? Where do you want to stay, Gilmore?


How do you feel, Percy?


Whoa. Did you print that? On a laser printer?


Great, cool, awesome. Can I run? Can I use my speed-- are they both in melee range?


What's the test?


I'll drink instead.


You were rather loud. I'm afraid things might be drawn to this beach from that explosion.


She's after me.


Okay. You use dexterity, right? I give him Cat's Grace? I cast Enhance Ability on him.


Are we splitting up all the party gold now?


Understand.


Werewolves!


Nott, there's something.


And I'm going to hold my attack until it is on the ground or low to the ground.


How did it compare?


That's eight plus the modifier.


Are you surprised? I'm not.


How do you own this many models?


Okay, there's two more. This is a bone dirtdevil. It's a bone devil that cleans up after every fight.


Yeah, not that way, nope.


Vex, you want to talk to them? They might have told him. Might have been the ones that just told him.


I'm going to find that out right now.


I look down at the paperwork on the table, too.


I'm going to swim and try not to touch the ocean floor.


Don't they all. Speaking of fathers forcing you to do things, we have to deal with you. We have a starting point for the rakshasa.


One time!


-- Matt Mercer. Basically everyone at this table except for Taliesin will be there.


Are we at a bar? At a table?


We lure him outside of the Chateau, and then we kill him.


He's the only one who's down but we're all hurt.


If he actually has the phrase "a bunch of digits," that would make me so happy right now.


Looters, yeah.


I'm going to do an Arcana check.


I got 11.


Thank you, Liam!


Ask your god.


Who's Lucky Pierre? Who's in the middle?


Let's not do that! And I make a quick... I'm going to try and bap the thing down as quickly as I can.


Why are you curious about that?


I'm fair with that, all right. Harvest gently. We're trying to keep as much of it--


And we will find him.


Oh, just this cleaning utensil, is all. Are we by ourselves? Nobody else came down, right?


Down, down.


Okay, 25.


That's gross.


Y'all, we're day drunk!


24. Close. Better than the other ones.


Oh, black and tan.


Two, and I've got one.


Okay. Hey, I can see him now.


Because I was trying to be--


So you're saying that we could use other handwriting as well, and it wouldn't be out of the ordinary, as long as it beared the signature and seal of said place?


How deep is the crevasse?


It was a gooood Valentine's Day.


He is reaching under the table, ladies and gentlemen.


These guards aren't going to stay out for long. We should set fire and get out of here.


Guys, D&D Beyond is a wonderful platform, in which you can organize your statistics and your equipment and they've just recently done a revamp of their layout. Liam, how do you like it?


I thought I was in algebra class again for a second there. (all laugh)


Hey, I'm living a life. I've got Trinket. I've got you, sometimes, when you're not with Keyleth.


You haven't?


Oh, let's get a few of those.


All blinged out.


Real quick.


I know it's not a bear, but at least they both start with a... D.


I was looking at you.


Anywhere you prefer? Is there a hiding spot?


(mispronouncing) Kaitiake.


You were in jail when this happened last time.


I'm very much interested, in this and other books as well, but we will start with (whispers) the Courting of the Crick.


Do I need to do an additional stealth? Creepy is automatic. It's a given.


Thank you, Lootcrate!


Yeah. You know


But you know what! You're still alive.


I'm coming for her.


Ahh.


Taking three shots. And that's a 34 to hit.


Wow. Do you have anything that makes you faster?


Because I was going to run that way too, I thought we were still--


We could put it in a bag and then put the diamond on top of a bomb or something, and then when he picks it up and like, (explosion) in his face.


At GeekandSundry.com! The shop! There it is!


That's good. That's my turn.


Shut up, Nott! That was very good.


Yes, very helpful, young man.


You were mentioning this group, the Tomb Takers. You had another name before. Were you a group and our friend joined you at some point?


Halfling?


He's upset that he miscalculated. The DM wants blood!


I'm gone. There's no finding me. I'm gone.


I hope I do not fail you, Father.


They're torturing orphans on the deck.


Hold on to it.


So, that is not that good.


Do I see anything like landmarks or anything out of place surrounding the tree?


(mumbling numbers) I'm missing d6s.


Where is that?


Have you ever made him a unicorn?


Yeah, of course. Feel free to lend a hand.


Yes, it is. It's a 150 foot range, and I do 10d8 damage.


You are rose gold.


All right, I'm spending half my movement to get up, and I'm backing up against the wall.


Great. Good times, good times. 16. Both miss. Fucking A. What a waste.


Can we cheers swords?


I go over as well.


Reckless, all of them.


Your dress is really pretty, too.


I drop the snake, try to get that little bubble of air (gasps), and I'll fucking cast Bigby's Hand.


Trying to learn more.


The baby can hear all of this.


Stealth. Disadvantage on my next five attacks. (laughter)


All right, here's my question. Ulog was in against the High-Richter. That was his motivation. Dolan wanted to get after Lord Sutan for running him out of his practice.


It's all I got. I wasn't ready.


Did you find him?


And Grog.


Which is to the place where they--


He wouldn't have trapped it or anything?


I'll give you a Blur coin.


Oh. I'm sorry.


Watch him while he sleeps.


You're good, you've done it, you've been hazed, you're good, kid.


I thought they were going to make bumsen, but it did not happen.


Claudia says she's selling the tavern.


I walk over to Percy.


That’s terrible. That doesn’t hit, that’s like, ten.


Oh my god, it's so long.


Yeah, he was.


No food!


Waiting.


We're cool.


Narwhals!


Should we wait outside?


Maybe seal the tunnel behind us, yeah, so that--


But he said some people were incapable of leaving. There might be elderly and sick here that can't travel.


I don't know, I could Inflict Wounds on it or something, or Toll the Dead on the bowl.


Lost cause. Abandon ship!


Are you guys ready?


So no glamor will survive, no magic will survive, no trick can be allowed.


I'm sorry I said that you were not good enough for--


Ooh. No, probably not.


I want to go with whatever's furthest away from the guards.


Yes. (everyone laughs)


Should've grabbed some dried fruit.


Was it beaded? The jade bracelet?


Can you say that anything that is not laced with sexual innuendo?


Mine is a save against dex of 16.


Yeah, raging, reduced to half. Yep.


And we sleep.


I feel like a boy again.


Are you hoping for that Ladyhawke moment where you have a furry octopus?


Who's up first?


Oh my god, can we do that? Like a hamster ball.


I mean, maybe Ogden just isn't telling you things because he's so old, it's locked away and he doesn't remember. You know?


A natural one?


I hope you have some extra hands. We're going to be picking up very heavy equipment and lugging it all the way from the house back to the gate if we can't bring the cart in. I don't mind, it's just--


It might have. Yes.


Okay. Let's do the guy right there. The big guy.


Do you have a picture?


Kit Buss and Wendy Doodles. Wendy Green. They're awesome friends of ours and fans of the show. They do amazing work. They've done a lot of the character work that you've seen, and they're going to be doing a lot more, and we just wanted to really appreciate them and show them some love, so yes. Go follow.


Is the general feeling of supernatural unease coming from either of the-- or any signs of--? I know that we're going to be facing probably some will-o'-wisps or something like that.


There are tunnels here.


Silver Falls. That's the residential area. Where the finger towers apartments are.


31? All of us?


That's mildly adequate.


Two damage dies at this level.


It looks like cruise ship goth club.


Oh, but we're not in the Empire?


Punch him back toward us. Bigby's Hand on the opposite side of him and punch him back toward us.


Commune with Nature, and I--


But I see from her, you know? She fixed a wheel.


Okay, great. 12 points of damage on the first one, and six points of damage on the second one, so 18 total.


Just do it. Just do it.


Well, you did our family a great service today, and you didn't have to do that.


No, I don't think I will, Horace.


Certainly not anymore.


Then I'll--


(whispering) The cheaper one.


We could clear out the sewers.


(noises)


Okay, but what are we going to do about dominated guy? Can we tie him up, too?


We watched him die.


In the morning.


It was Juniper.


Number one, there isn't.


I start charging out at the beast.


I feel like I've been robbed of the experience of your fine, fine meat products, and I, for one, would like you to rebuild so that I might try some of your meats.


Maybe not. We'll see. I want to cast-- I conjure back into my imagination. I remember that portrait that was up above the desk in the other room, and I go: Fuck, this better work! I start to bring my hand down through the top of my body, and I make myself look like that portrait of who we think is Halas. Now, I'm only a foot taller than myself. So I'm a four and a half-foot tall Halas. But I have a lot of presence, okay?


All right, yes, let's go sleep.


What about going back to Kamal?


Well it's for ten minutes.


Do you think they're centurions?


That's something, that's something, Percy!


I'm going to use my speed to run on this side of the cube closer to you, as far back against that wall as possible.


I'm going in?


Also, look how attractive that map is. Dwarven Forge, everybody.


Telepathically?


Just kidding. So that's one of the things we have as well.


Fjord, what was that naval officer--?


This room looks kind of fucked up. We should not rush into it.


Yeah, do your thing.


Just hoping to check in with her and catch up on some coaching.


Do we recognize any semblance of that garb?


I was singing? (whispering) I was singing? I didn't even know! It's a force of habit!


I’d like to follow.


