Does it look like it has any magical aura emanating from it?


She's just casting, right?


Almost poked my eye out. You almost made me Vecna.


It's not for damage. It's for--


Yep, I'm flying.


What are we doing, we're warping out?


That's what I was wondering what you were talking about.


Oh my God, you've done this before, haven't you?


The wall has my armor class. That's really horrifying.


Is this the skull I gave you?


It's all true, though.


Can I make my way to one that's over by the entrance?


She did that and I was like, ooh!


Can I see now?


Wait, they all blink out?


Of course, be pleased!


Jeez. Oh man, these are not used a lot.


Strong eight.


He doesn't know barbarians.


I tend to find these things don't blow over necessarily as more they just eventually decide someone's guilty and take their revenge on them.


Maybe for 50 gold we could get out, though.


I am now out of 5th-level spells.


Do we have something fancy to put at the bottom?


Drop in if we have to and, yeah.


It was a regular.


Oh gosh. Okay! I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon!


No. That's fine. We'll be back! It'll be good.


Okay. in the fucking world.


Jesus. You're using every spell you have.


You could potentially learn this as well.


Helps a lot.


Can I use my saving throw reroll that I get?


There's no crying in the Nine Hells.


That was mean!


We're going to--


How long do you need to get what you have done? You need a day?


Ah, shit. What do we do?


Give me a week.


Every year on a Thursday it is your birthday.


I went out. I'm standing by the front door, bouncer-like, and trying to get my bearings, take a look around, see what the vibe of this place is.


That's all I can do, right? I can just move.


And this is our last day. Is that right?


I'm going to get something to drink.


Well. Okay. What am I doing? Investigation? 11.


I ran out of a lot of things, and I was drinking pretty heavily at this point, so I was probably fully drunk at this point. And then last, but not least. I mean, all together, I'd say probably an hour and a half it took me to do all these, including the CVS run. And last but not least, I'm most proud of Pike Trickfoot, ladies and gentlemen.


Solid rock.


Because I can't see anything, I'm going to hand on your shoulder.


Clap him on the back of the head.


We should really start the first one!


You got to try Gil.


This is why we play the game.


I'm so glad that we're together for this, whatever it is. And no, I'm not resigned. I would love to see you off to a very long life in Zephra. No, with you. With you, until I'm not with you. Your dad's probably worrying. I worry about him worrying about you, that's all.


I cast Fly on all of us.


No, I am not CB-ing that action, all right?


I know the news they delivered to you. I am so sorry for your loss. Your father was very brave at the end. Impressively so, and I want you to know that. I've also recovered his body, and I thought to add him to the pyres that this city did outside the city, but I thought maybe you had a family plot or somewhere you'd prefer him to be laid to rest. I'll gladly take him there for you, or take him with you. Whatever you prefer.


I think it's also, in theory, necrotic, which means it can be turned.


Well what are you going to do with it?


You're half-orc, but what's the other half?


Oh, really? Well.


Oh God. Terrible.


Irena, what about the little girl?


The grappling arrow I used on the little halfling, I can get that back, right?


But not our gold.


I agree with whoever said that.


She's flying.


Well, I mean, I don't want to--


He can have my room.


The roof blows off.


We tried, at least.


Investigation? All right.


On the other ledge. Yeah. I'm trying to hide myself.


Back onto the road. And off the road so that we're not super visible.


Right up here.


I know, we're breaking under pressure.


This conversation is now making me uncomfortable.


Multiply by two.


All right, let's go. Its midday; we got to go to the Open Quay.


I can sing a song to heal you all by 1d12. Is that right?


Oh, I was on the broom.


I roll in on all fours.


I swear I thought I could kill it.


Oh yeah, it's the start of the 2015 NFL football season. I'll be repping the Dallas Cowboys today. They're not playing right now, but they will be on Sunday. Go Cowboys.


Those bats were jus-- I made no promises other than bats.


They're gorgeous. Many different colors. Make great Christmas present stocking stuffers. Put your dice in them. You'll like them.


There are two horses.


Take his belt.


He's a real peach.


Sorry for the wait.


Here you go


It's Cabal's Ruin, correct? We're going to search for Cabal's Ruin.


That doesn't do anything yet! We don't know!


He brings up a plate of biscuits and hungrily starts eating.


Those parodies are pretty funny.


Pike, can we destroy this thing?


Because she hit as the goldfish!


Actually that's 30.


Charmingly provincial.


And then also another idea. What if you used your Pillars, right, against the Beholder and trapped him in? Can you do that?


Scanlan, stay within 60 feet of me.


You're an amazing person.


You'd have to pick one of the two of them to hit.


Vox Machina. (all laugh)


It looks like it!


I'm gonna hand Vax the endless rope and say, you might just wanna drop that down to the muck so she can get out if she needs it. Maybe. Like fish for her.


Oh wait, he's stunned! Yeah, that's an 18 to hit, a natural 18. And another goddamn one! Five.


(muffled) Just fucking break the gem!


Travis? Yes.


Tell you what  after the coast, we will propose it to the group. If they don't want to go, I will go with you.


Well, it's funny. Because I finally got an assignment with the guild! Can you believe it? It's like whoa! Uncle Randy's going to be so--


What? 21.


She's a baby bird.


Oh, yes. Funny thing  we used them because it was a dragon. Do you have any more?


Feels so good. And you'll get free shipping. And then also, lastly, this is the last couple of hours for their kickstarter for the sentinel box. You can get our logo onto any box, like this, or you can get the real swag and get the master box. It looks like this on any wood. And you put your dice in it, cards in it.


Okay. From my crouched, butt-out position, whilst holding my Hand Cone of Clarity.


Just saying that Trinket died already.


You have such big hands.


We are home.


Oh yeah, you've got oats.


You're going to take it?


Can I make a perception check on this one?


But our mist form will dissipate, so if we want to mist it, we should mist it now and check it out.


I'm going to stop there in case that kills him.


Oh, he's a Persian.


That I give to Vex. Last one-- I'll take that 15, with-- 26.


You're in New York. Can you stuff her in your suitcase while you're there, bring her back?


Yeah. Let's do this!


No one of any worth.


Most birds do that, Fjord.


I help him.


I jump and I yank away instinctually.


Oh, just throw the carpet in there now, why don't you?


Oh man, it would be. Eight.


Other creatures? Don't skimp on the details, it's only our lives.


Fists of fury!


I think 15 feet.


Can we get the whole way there?


Grog, for ground forces we do have a thousand-foot Teleport. So we could actually bring you into the room.


I was really looking forward to looking for ridiculous meats. Not meads, but maybe we can--


Maybe we do the live bait thing, I don't know.


I will. I took a little bit of a nap.


Until we save, or until his concentration is broken, I assume.


Nothing that a good night's rest won't help.


Did someone lose an orb?


I'm not going to. Instead of killing him, I'm going to say, you probably don't want to attack me. We've got a boat full of people. We just took your ship. You should put down your weapon.


Use my action to get up there. Okay. Then I am going to get within-- Okay, 60 and a bonus action? So could I get up to him and then use a bonus attack?


No singular secret that you've kept from the entire group the entire time we've known you?


I know, but if it's on the ground, and it's in front of me, I would just like to put it in my little bag, to have it for my own spellcasting.


What? You're jumping around so much.


I want to see some bees.


The Order of the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood.


(sighs) Did I even want revenge before I talked to you? Did I? I don't remember anymore. What does she die for? What do I even need? I want my country. I want my sister! I've killed two of those who have wronged me and nothing is better. Nothing feels better, nothing is avenged. What is this worth to you? And I put the gun back at her head.


Right away. We're going to replace it with something a little less complicated.


I think that's one of the Vestiges.


He put it in the Mending Wheel.


That could work, too.


You want to jump on my back?


That would be a natural 20.


I would like to start looking at their cards through Frumpkin's eyes.


Fifty, ah yes. Fifty thousand.


Hit him in the face.


Wait. I have a weird thing I'm going to try and do-- No, the thing I need to do, I need to get within 30 feet.


They find a dead man on their perimeter and know that someone is fucking with them.


Is this some sort of pirate town?


We could potentially keep moving now, if we want to, because--


What if we offer services, and they excuse part of the debt?


Just barely.


Scanlan, I imagine.


He’s just holding his action -


I don't get the sense that a lot of high-quality paper and ink makes it to this island, but I have been wrong before, so if you see any would you bring some back and I will reimburse you?


I know, you guys, I won't be there, so.


I was never here. We never had this conversation.


I'm sorry, a little-- 80? Eight zero, or one eight, 18?


That's fair. All right.


Some theatrics.


Happy birthday, Duganator!


All right, so we're free.


Come on, this is what you live for!


Hakuna matata?


With the dozen servants.


Whatever we do, we can't split the party (fast-forward noise). Okay, we're going to split the party.


The other one that I am interested in that is not really my forte, but many wizards believe it is of great benefit. Do you have the Shield spell?


The strongs.


Yeah, there's a correlation with blue.


What Caleb does is well thought-out and always intentional and smart.


There is no difference between our old home game and this.


I don't think so.


Oh, yes! How'd it go in there? You're walking straight, so it couldn't have gone too well.


Oh, I'm going to take one more shot, because I have to reload. That's a 15.


You think he can pay 50k an hour for realsies?


There's so many people calling us heroes.


Oh. In that case. I think I'd like to ask the zombie character, who I believe was-- no, Stimpy was the skeleton, this is Coral. I'd like to have Coral rip-- is my skin on fire, or is it just my vest?


Oh, I don't have to. I get shocked from my-- the chest. The heart locket sparks and--


You have a d3?


We wait an hour and get into position.


Whoever I'm standing next to, I grab their butt.


Thank you! I wave my head and it whips around.


Why didn't you put them on the same piece of paper?


I did. You can fuck off and get yourself killed.


Yep, to carry it over. And I take a shot at him. That's 22 to hit?


Should we do it? Should we nap and then you guys go?


That sounds delightful.


Scanlan! Thanks!


We don't doubt you, Matt. We don't doubt you. I know you don't sleep. I know you stare at a computer monitor and think up numbers for us non-stop.


I think that was part of the--


They wander there.


I throw unconscious guy and Sir Dead.


-- we would show them one of the things that makes this castle so special, and one of the things that makes this castle so special is you and your company.


Oh, I get advantage. Yeah! 25.


Man, I wish we had some Cold Stone right now.


I haven't actually technically attacked it.


To inspire Keyleth with her scrying spell, I hop in the ditch I've been digging and start going, "Look, I can do it too! (laughs)" And I start paddling in the ditch.


Yes, then you maybe saw us in the fray, and now, after saving this beautiful city, we are on our way to the middle of the fucking sea. Would somebody be able to take us?


I just had to say it out loud.


There are a number of innocents that we need to figure out, still.


All right, we're going to kick this off. I'll take the trammel out of the bag of holding.


Uh. I feel like we're learning a lot.


Is that all?


I may be secrets, and that is of me, but I believe there is power in its secret. People died for that. Many people.


Keyleth, you don't know what's happening.


Grog, no.


Where was that fucking pigeon? We didn't get to that part, but I feel like, because I saw my former captain Vandren with the same sphere, that he might be the one that she was talking about.


All right. I might make it.


Yeah, in fact, could we could take a short rest while Caleb's doing that since that was a little gnarlier than we anticipated?


We should settle down to sleep.


Who's riding on the cart first?


Pike, I'll cuddle you for warmth, if that would help?


Quiet yourself. I've heard enough. And I lift the bloodaxe and I say: you are a disgrace to this herd and I will return this herd to power. And I pivot, and I drive the bloodaxe into Greenbeard.


If I shoot up at Vecna, will it go through the cone?


Ja, that is a good point.


Okay. What looks to be a pouch of chewing tobacco. Okay, got it. Could be spice.


Careful, Bilbo!


You want to go to the theater.


That is me.


You have these very interesting emotional reactions to things that I find really entertaining from my side of the table.


What was he doing?


Oof, I need a drink. Do you want one?


Maybe there's hidden stairs or something, like in Indiana Jones?


I learned it.


5d12.


Put the chain in there. Cover it back up. Transmute. Turn it into rock.


Just so you know, your notepad is in the upper-left.


A couple of weeks on the road to a city bigger than this one.


Dwarven Forge, Dwarven Forge, Dwarven Forge.


This is not gonna go well, guys. (nervous laugh) We got nobody else on the field.


Practice for an hour, have a midnight feast.


I'm going to grab that jewel that was on the floor.


Ooh, get lost, motherfucker! (all laugh)


The job that I had before I met up with you guys, in Zadash, information passes through. You hear things.


I don't think it turns.


No, don't say that. I don't want to see art with you with Annabelle's face.


Well, I'm meditating now. I dropped into my meditation--


I grab an empty cup off of the table and say: Tips for the bear, right here!


Right, so we pick the biggest room and we all enter it.


Did you just call Percy 'Freddie'? I like it.


What was the boat's name?


I think there's a point where it's like a piece of fruit, but it's been out so long that even conceiving of it as a piece of fruit is not useful.


How much would you like for this? What do they--


I'm not a real adventurer. That was a story I told you. I know it was very convincing, but I haven't been on any real adventures, ever, and--


Didn't you buy a fuckton of paper and ink? You've used it all?


I don't know. I just asked who you were because you're really pretty.


You want a hug? It makes you, like, super-strong.


Can I inspire myself? Can I, after I know my roll?


So many carats! So many carats!


It's canon.


(sings) In Tampa.


We don't have Pike, though.


They did want trees.


Renders.


Add that to your survival.


The chest?


He's in the room with us?


You've been bad.


And the Death Knight, right?


Is it dusty in there now? Or is it just windy?


Well, if you read it on the way back, you'll remember it forever.


I'll move up to the right near where Grog is. No one's has taken any damage yet, right?


They're both metal, right? I can help you by heating metal, actually.


Do we have to join hands for this?


Can I assist him with counting as they go by?


Well, let's let her go.


We knew this. We totally fucking knew this.


Wait. We didn't have that conversation with her.


Here or Whitestone?


Yeah, they're standing up for themselves.


Just time that. Time that.


Who are they?


Go look to see if there's anything left.


I should maybe talk to Dad.


Blind Matt Mercer.


Yeah, no, you're probably right. Look at him. I guess this little guy is like the moment encapsulated. Hey, bud.


It's so dangerous.


I'm not. Okay. 18.


Tracy! What was your name?


Can I do that one too? I can survival stuff pretty well.


It's eight AM.


Big money. Okay, okay. 22.


You guys, it's so beautiful to see the friendship that you have. If I had that with another person-- say, Aldor-- it would be--


Because he asked you to.


Scanlan, Taryon, Doty. I tried to leave them behind, guys!


I roll that?


Did you go already? Did you say yours?


I nudge my sister and say, all mine.


Siggle Boost?


Oh, yeah come on, that's all right.


First one is a 34.


He's the best really. Fearless, strong, big, and excellent penmanship. He's everything I could hope for in a friend. Silent.


No, it's the best.


That burrow? Giant worms?


You go be a monster, and you heal all the people.


Were there people inside?


Yeah. Natural 20 with Whisper.


That's why I asked.


Taverski?


Then maybe it's all right to take a little bit more time.


Does anybody have weapons or coins on them?


How's your trashy novel? Is it a good one? No judgement.


It has a burned slash on it. Should I open it with my magic hand? Everybody stand back?


Baked beans and sausages and-- ! No.


Six on each one?


Ugh, why are they always intelligence--


I'm going to go to the opposite point from Caleb.


So it's a name for when he's ribbing you. Ribbing. I'm just so excited by all the puns that are available.


I'm sitting there, watching Caleb and Yasha walk off and feeling sorry for myself.


Oh no. We have to fight them.


Like a sentry, I just keep looking that way.


It is what I do. This is an old, old type of lock, hold on.


Reggie, this town has been hit hard, you look very weary and maybe a little down on your luck yourself. Maybe I'm just reading into things, but I would gladly pay you a silver for this horse.


Most of us, yes.


You're unprepared!


Special packages and everything like that. I leave to go on to watch them. (laughter)


They're dry-rotted. They'll break easy.


So these are all fire elementals. Should I continue--


That's like a game mod for a character.


Well, I feel like if you were a monster, you would go--


Bryce, some of these gnolls were undead, or raised from the dead. Do you have any inkling as to why, or have you seen that problem around here before?


I'll shoot one more time, why not? That is 17 to hit.


I was only curious about the orb, but it just seems so--


Yeah, that is a 21.


And do you think they charge an arm and a leg?


We've made allies. We've got a look at everything. We know the terrain, and we know the political terrain.


I have a question for the group, because I don't remember. Did Beauregard share with the group that she got tapped by the Plank King?


Here for you, man. I've been learning to swim.


(laughs) Why would you say that?


Yeah. It's on wheels, it's on wheels. It's functional.


I agree. I would like to do the complete opposite of Tiberius with rage, and just tear shit apart with my teeth.


You know, Caleb doesn't like the blink dog, but keep the blink dog, because Liam loves it. Keep the blink dog.


I did my classic ten-minutes-later remembering-the-rules shit.


Oh, 19, 19!


Oh, yes. Mm-hm. Oh, disadvantage, because I'm exhausted.


Let's all talk about repercussions. And I lay him out.


Well, certainly not with the cowards who're abandoning you in the face of a tough fight.


Okay, so I'm going to hit him, or try to. That is 34.


Oh, that's right, they had the weapons. Shit.


No, it does not hit.


I am worried about crossing two planes of existence. It might not be that at all, but it is definitely not worth chancing.


(laughing)


Then I'll run back to my cubbyhole.


Did you guys divide the money up?


Slow him down.


Yeah, oh my gosh.


Plus, these are several, subtle steps. We don't just chuck you in the furnace right away. We've got to temper you a bit.


Yes, it was successful! Remind me what it was again? There's been so many rituals lately!


I am an English concentrator.


I think-- we're still talking about the people who kidnapped our friends.


Come on out!


This is the place, guys.


It's 23, okay.


We need to get some horses up in this joint?


We're normal people in robes.


I get along with everyone, Beau.


Into the bubble.


We'll be here the whole time.


Not with my--


You made lemonade. Way to make some lemonade.


It is known.


Yeah. Desmond (mumbles). Briarwood's carriage driver. Lady Briarwood is immune to daylight.


Invisi-cart.


Right there, patrician! That's perfectly fair right there.


Yes, the arbiter. (all laugh)


The Scanlan Shorthalt t-shirts are available on the store right now. Travis is wearing one. You can see it maybe on your screen. He's doing a little jig! Boop boop do boop boop! Boop boop! Buy your shirts today.


I forgot where I left them.


I'm going to do that lean up against the wall thing over the top of him.


I'm sorry, here's a d8.


I throw down for the pies.


It's a brand that we got from a giant sphincter.


Can you Seeming us to all look like lizard army members?


You summoned Cosette.


All right. (mumbling) ...13…


I'm happy to be home for a bit.


Yeah, that was my first.


She just was like, "I'm out."


And balance was restored to the universe. Oh god, don't do that! Come on!


You killed Jeff Lobey!


How old is Berleben in general?


We are also looking for the Sword of Kas. What's if it's in the temple?


Wisdom modifier is three.


So terrible.


I live in Ank'harel and I'm a crime boss.


Can I take the bread crumbs from the corner and throw it down so the rats could have it?


Don't rush on my account.


Is that three for the night?


Show the dog your dick.


Does it look like those vacuous eye holes in the snakes are about the same size as those rubies that I had found?


Surprise!


Right. Can I barrel down through the alley now that someone's on the ground, and race towards the one that's nearest Percy?


Okay. Well, we will be, then.


What is it, Kiki?


Thanks. I was afraid I was going to permanently kill it for a second.


Did you want to see if somebody worth bargaining with or something?


His dead brother, and--


Whispers. We have nothing to sell.


Ooh! I like him already.


Percy, I'm sorry, I know you like a good Rube Goldberg.


Oh, I do! That's not much better. Ten!


We had no time!


I fly up there--


I already, I just--


Oh, she's in prison!


No, you have to-- it's touch.


These guys are human?


Connected.


I had that spell once.


Fabulous. Shall we rest up?


I like fighting people for fun.


It was the magnets.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I don't know what to add for Trinket's stealth. Is that just his dex maybe?


Yeah, it was a weird time. It's getting cooler now.


Well, hang on, hang on. What are we going to say to them when we get down there? What are we going to offer them?


Oh, that's good. One for you, two for me, two for-- oh wait, no, wait, math doesn't make sense.


Why do you have that with you?


Their god?


I don't think there's any shaking them, right. Why don't you leave old twinkle-toes outside, and we go in? Surely Doty can read or something?


I don't have any fire in the bag of holding, either.


He's done it before? Oh, right. Lucien?


Corpse Flower. It's the only thing I can remember. He said it too fast!


Can I use my reaction to cast Absorb Elements?


All right, that's fine.


Yas, grit, yas.


It was merely a few pennies for your time.


Oh, you know what? I don't know how to call it!


The little dude. Your little friend?


And then right when he gets to his height, Trinket reaches up and bites him as hard as he can and lashes him around like dog with a toy.


From a distance. We pick a fight with a house from a distance so we can get to the other house and pick a fight there.


How familiar are you with the sea?


I'll need a distraction. Do you think you can come up with one?


It felt like blackness.


How many rooms do we need? Three, four?


Okay, now I feel better. That's all.


It means we would at least be framing it like we're committing. I mean, that gives you a long hike to be able to talk and mind-read the gnomes while we walk.


They're psychic.


Oh, don't drink it.


That one seems appropriate.


We don't see a door.


Adele Dazeem.


I fail. In fact, my gun jams. (group groans)


Well, come see us at the Leaky Tap and maybe we'll hire you tomorrow morning.


God, it's real uncomfortable.


Have you heard that joke a lot?


Oh, compound!


We had it in our hands!


They had to open it so that we wouldn't be opening the boxes.


I don't know. She doesn't like to swim, I don't think. But you'd imagine seeing something like this would give perspective.


I asked him to bring food.


I'm coming down very hard and heavy. Advantage. I'll take that natural 19, and then for my second one-- advantage on all of them?


Oh, it's dark now, right?


(high pitched) Where'd all my d8s go!?


Yeah. All right, so you're gonna aim in a way that doesn't do lethal damage. Go for it.


18 plus something, I don't know how to hit things.


Took less than three tries to figure that out.


No. No. Well, that's true, but we used it right away and we got here 20 minutes earlier than him.


Even wizards make mistakes.


Yeah. Hey, 20.


There's no way to see out downstairs?


Now I invoke the Blessing of the Dawnfather.


Oh wait, I don't get to roll?


You don't know where that's been.


We've heard that no fighter can match your skill.


Just because.


Why do you recommend the Moonbrush?


That's not a lot of people. We need to move a lot of people. How many people are in theory still left in the city?


(whispers) Can I say hello?


You can have mine. Actually you can't, I'd like to keep them.


Aw, that was so considerate.


Wait. None of you look the same.


That's the one that was distracted.


What if they eat this fruit and that's how they-- I'm not there.


I don't think he's protected from fire damage. It's a lot of damage. I don't want to kill Trinket.


Should we toast now?


And we didn't go sailing with Pike.


I stop. I hold my hand up. I put my finger over my lips. Shh.


There's some carvings, and there's a moving staircase.


Tell them to get underground. Tell them to be silent.


(forced laughter) This is fun! I'll just keep going.


Do I roll a d20 for it?


I didn't know I had a choice.


Well, we sought an audience, and to be frank, we thought we might find a little bit more of a warm reception than the one that we're currently getting.


Leave the bear.


You got your dick bit by a rat, son. You're a man now.


That's first dagger.


Thank god. 21.


That's less than a handful.


No. When you wear this pendant, you stabilize whenever you are dying at the start of your turn. In addition, whenever you roll hit dice to regain hit points, the number of hit points--


You don't speak that shit, is the problem.


What's the craziest thing you've ever done?


That is just a little ten, plus-- 15.


That's awful. Eight points of silvered piercing damage plus seven points of lightning damage.


All Fjord sees is a little kid's hand, like chewing on a little kid's hand


Vex brought up the fact that I killed a kid. I’m having all these memories coming back, I'm on the brink.


(coughing) There was some popcorn that I ate earlier.


No, darling, put that away.


Pike is on the other side. Me and Scanlan.


I wonder if this was holding that acid.


Ah! That one hits, on the other hand, I think. 22?


Can you tell if something is cursed, Pike?


Unless we beat Avantika to the punch.


Yeah, we've landed. Let's do it. We all want to die.


We saw him there.


Hmm, what?


Eh?


Should we try it now, do you think? I'm going to try to blind it. So if he can't see, maybe he can't do some shit. So I'm going to cast Blindness at a third level.


Vegan. Sorry.


Yeah. "I'm going for the green knight!" That.


Also to toss out  the flames are opaque, so they cannot be seen through.


I've never done it.


Yes we did.


Oh, good. We can try it every day while you're with us for a week. That's seven times!


Is he under the thing, still? Or did it break?


Nearing the palace? Hit me.


What time of day is it right now?


It's a zoo. It's a traveling zoo.


I will take the wand.


That's totally what he means.


Is there anything around us, like donation jars, or anything around us? I don't know how churches work, guys.


Okay. You followed me into the fiery abyss, so--


We are wrecked.


No, we can just throw it.


He's blue.


No, not that part. But I could use a cadre of devils at some point.


With my gold. Yikes, no, I don't win.


Oh! Yeah, I'll swim-- which one is closest? All of them? All four of them?


Okay, I'm going to cast Hex on the dragon.


No, it's a code lock. And I forgot the code!


Louis and Thed?


It was surprising. You haven't talked about them too much, just that they're shady.


Maybe we dump the bodies and I'll get out and try to make the tracks go away for a little bit. I'll walk up the path and do like this.


Bring me your smallest, most helpless child. (laughter)


Second attack, I'm just going to do both of them. Natural one. So I'll take that natural 18, which is three plus another three, six plus four, so nine damage.


That's when you know you've really found the right bar. The rats were like: "We reserved this table two weeks ago. You have to make a phone call."


Let's talk about the Scanlan t-shirt a little more.


What was the evasion one?


Yeah, she changed back.


Oh. (grunts)


Yes, that's a 23.


Sure. Although the more time that passes, the longer word has to spread.


Was there a Looney Tunes hole in the wall? (laughter)


Grog says I do.


She's going to do that.


No, what does it mean?


Biscotti?


Our kill!


No, not its poop mouth!


Is that a nine?


Not a firm handshake at all.


Eyeball saving throw.


Yes, we accept. Thank you, my master, we will go do so right away. Two days, you say?


What happens?


Like a glyph?


Or it's just-- it's gone after that.


I will let you know.


Just the bunker--


I've never seen them before, either. I've never seen anything like it.


Are you a craftsman in the trade?


That's an Emon tradition. We're overseas, remember.


Oh, that got so awkwardly quiet.


Champion of Pelor, the Dawnfather. We've been speaking to the gods. We're taking on Vecna. Hopefully not alone, but we need to speak with Kord. I know that sounds odd, but Grog was hoping--


Give me one really big one.


It's on my list; it's literally on my list.


So everyone can work on the farms.


Or maybe we need to breathe under-fricking-water.


So it's level 5.


Oh, hey. Don't get after my camping partner like that, all right? Shit. Chill.


Forgive our friend, someone attempted to mug us on the way into the city, he's still a bit sore.


We're visitors here.


Yeah, we rotate hosts out.


Jesus. Do you think you can accommodate seven of us on your two craft?


(whispers) I think that went well.


Sweep the leg, Johnny!


I'll take first watch.


Does anybody trust this guy?


Something with a second-floor view, but with some distance.


"You'll be sorry when I run this cat-o-nine tails over your rear end."


"I want to be able to hit it if it comes up!"


I like it. I'm so in love with you right now.


Which is not a good answer.


Really? Does he need healing? I can do that, or otherwise.


Yes, I’m very good at writing letters.


So with Animal Shapes, I can actually decide what animals each of you can be, so we can all be different animals. Furthermore, on my action, I can use it to transform you guys into a different creature.


He's a large creature or smaller. Okay. I'm going to make him the boy in the bubble. I will cast Otiluke's Resilient Sphere.


Yeah, I thought so.


I understand. Thank you for your nimble fingers. Next time, I'll ask Percy to do it. (laughter)


Why would they do that?


How about we hit the wall?


Come back to us please.


Okay. The second suggestion is that you should meet my cat, Frumpkin.


Wait, so you could have flown when you came out of the dragon?


We can leave, we just cannot flee. We can travel as we see fit. We just need to let them know where we're going.


Do you want me to stay with you on the broom?


If someone's allergic, they're fucked, yeah.


It's made of fucking cookies.


Right, listen up. If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this Barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and (giggles), shiny things. But also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the wood--


Oh, fuck! I got snot and ash all over it.


If anything was true in the porn, you can always trust porn to be honest.


I stay out, and I search more around Yenk.


It's frightening to drive here at night. I can't wait to do it at two in the morning.


(Michael Jackson voice) That's ignorant. (laughter)


(singing) Doesn’t seem to be anyone around! (all laugh)


Shit. It's a teeny tiny tunnel.


The Horn of Orcus.


Undress me.


You get privacy. It's your moment.


We used to play for eight hours!


Trinket, go pee on him. Go potty, right there.


Don't gnomes live for a pretty long time?


Yeah, and I'm looking for the first crossbow bolt that's going to go towards one of my friends and try and deflect it.


Well, I could start it, depending on when we leave, I guess. I have Bless. I was looking at that, but I didn't know I could use that on actual objects, other than people.


How many subscribers away are we?


I sometimes live in a yurt. They're quite nice.


When I left the mansion, I locked it.


They were trying to exploit our abilities. We were being held against our will. We were threatened with life or death. There was nothing personal.


I do, I'm taking very nice head shots. Actually, I go to Prints Charming.


I think if we can go here to this little island, I might be able to do some think-y, spy-y scrying stuff before we storm the city.


They'll get away right, they're going to run? You're going to run, right? They'll be fine. All right. I'll inspire Grog by saying, you're a magnificent, handsome bastard, don't die!


Who? Our what? Who?


Oh, okay. I would like to hold a dash.


I'm taking off my glasses and going to go soak in a corner quietly.


Do they know we're here now?


Oh, am I still doing it?


(gasps) I did not!


(shouting) Onward and outward!


Yeah. I guess Vecna has spider abilities. Pro-tip.


I'm trying to figure out, how do you cast necrotic damage on a bowl?


Everybody, look casual!


Oh hi, I am Sam Riegel. I play Scanlan Shorthalt, the level nine bard gnome, who is the handsomest and most charming of the group. (all laugh)


I stop, I pull out the gun, and the second those hit-- I've seen this coming, because fucking copper room, fucking acid. Ice shot to the one tube, do my best to reload as quickly as I can and ice shot to the other. I'm going to try and clog them with ice, at least temporarily.


Go fuck yourself, Beau. Come on.


He just made his constitution save.


She's why it looks good now.


Do we want to ask where he is? Where he was going? What his plan is after ascending?


Pathetic. 20-something.


First, I got a small drink, and now this?


Wow! My hero.


I always wanted to be a lord.


We'll do this together.


And it's super cool.


How do we know you're not the real Scanlan?


Oh my god, everything is an action. I have no bonus actions or anything reasonable that I can do.


Then where were you at this point?


It's just like a spiked helmet stabbing me in the cheek.


Have you checked?


Nope, no! Sorry, I was calling that out like an idiot. 11 points of damage on the first one, and seven points of damage on the second one.


Man, that was pure Dungeons and Dragons. I took a little pebble and dropped it and it turned into a frigging avalanche on the side of Everest.


DND Bob Ross reference is like Playstation trophies.


Did you see her eyes? They were golden.


Can I see it for just a second? I'll give it right back.


You're a terrible liar. (laughs)


Anything.


He's playing both sides, possibly, Percival.


I drop my fire form, turn, see my anger, destruction, get immediately guilty, and then do a Tidal Wave to quell the flames.


Thank you, Scanlan! Love, kisses, kisses and love.


No, Vax has already crossed. We're not going to feel the angst coming off of him.


The radiant didn't seem to have an extra effect then?


I love drinks.


I pour him a little bit of the Tear Whiskey.


Also a terrible risk.


Please. He couldn't touch you, are you kidding?


I immediately drop to my knees and start looking for a shoe.


I don't think any of us can judge you, Vex'ahlia, but it does strike me as a little bit odd, if nothing else.


Okay. I'm going to put these away for a later time, and if I have one more day, I would like to work on--


He gave us a little bit of information. The valve of valva, what's it? Valor of -


You're going to lose your beard!


Maybe we just have to ask?


I don't know if I want to run back or help Beau!


He's coming?


Caleb, I need you to come open this door.


That message probably interrupted a threesome.


It felt like I drank a Slurpee or something.


Is he still grappled?


(battle cry) I would like to run over that direction.


I think if there's a dragon sitting on top of them, removing people from him is--


Three v three, man. Battle royale. Let's do this.


Balls. Ass. Three.


You have shit all over your arm!


That's fine. Then I'm going to shoot two more holy arrows at him. Okay, well, I'll roll for that.


Most certainly.


Can't wait for this to go wrong.


It's going to be Wednesday Club on Hellboy.


"HR would like the plan to be moved forward."


Do I know that it stays? Do they keep later hours?


Are you getting paid for this item retrieval?


Sneak attack that bitch!


I don't know if I can sleep.


I'm Alter Selfing into my tiefling form.


Okay. It was almost a fucking 15. 15.


All right, but that's all we're taking.


We're at level three, that's got to be an acceptable option right now.


I'm impatient. Perception 20. Is there anything around that indicates where, which of these four directions is the best direction to go?


There?


It has to be magic damage, though.


Four damage? Four damage. Four.


On him.


We could go to a warm place, the three of us, and live out the rest of our days.


Shut up. I'm trying to save you.


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants. Literally. (laughs) Born to the Air tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei, where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast-shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: is she even worthy?


It was the hairy shoulders, wasn't it. (all laugh)


He got nabbed, too, didn't he?


Thank you. Good show everybody, everybody great time. Just wanted a round of applause.


Yeah, I'd love to. Thank you.


Oh no! We swear we're not pirates!


Oh yeah. Does it even matter?


Usually, if they say it, we've already noticed it.


You feel like you maybe-- I don't know.


We probably talked about this in the last Q&A, but I'm sure there's a lot of new people here. They want to know about Pike's death.


And if I've ever been up there, I'm going to try to Dimension Door to the west tower.


Keep on target.


When you have two wheels and some ropes and it makes a pulley system--


That's where we'll pick it up next week.


It's 150.


He's going to send Asum to us.


I'm sorry we weren't faster.


Holding a rope.


Is it two Thursdays from now yet?


Can I do a Wind Wall to protect us from around us?


In fact, this is entirely Grog and Scanlan, which I think, it's about time.


You do like the theater.


For the meat pies.


You're welcome. And yes, that was weird for me, too. Just weird right now.


Well. We're going to have to get someone's attention.


Dance!


Is there anywhere I can stand that I get a good cone shape? Or am I all blocked in?


The thing that she loved killed her. 13. Strength.


So you get any attacks, Groggy? Mm-hm? Okay.


It's so lovely to meet you. I whack him with my tail.


Is there another inn, other than that bougie, terrible, underground situation?


Two little orc parts, now poisoned and...


Keyleth, that's awesome!


Cool, man, cool. Kick me out of the room, I get it. Yep, all right.


Well, that would... sorry?


Well, I don't know. I just noticed, because I wasn't paying attention to all the talking.


You could find him. Hunt him down if you wanted to.


Most of them?


Shouldn't we get to a port or something before we--?


You told me one other thing. Did that get jettisoned?


And I send Frumpkin further in.


(laughs) What do I do, again? What is this shit? This thing plus five. 16. No, attack bonus.


Just to be clear--


If you could maybe potentially help me, Meat Man.


Plus 15.


Jester, can I put you in charge of keeping an eye on Twiggy? Twiggy, we're going to the Bisaft-- what is it?


Yeah he's got lots of teeth. Let's brush 'em.


He's been taking pictures of all his fails so everyone believes it.


But if he does have Stoneskin, will you let him charge?


Playlist on Friday.


That is a 19. That is a crit.


Is my nickname Drunky, Smoky Keg?!


(growling) What do you do?


Oh. Sorry, Cassandra. That's going to suck.


I can't hear a thing she's saying.


There's a big splash up against the wall, but it's just water.


So I was being honest. I'm looking at the chat room, because I know they're going to tell me I forgot my damn Hunter's Mark.


Can we stand on the wall of the temple?


Roll for tongue action.


We fought once, and if this is a broom motion, we were just getting swooped. Swept. What is it? Swiffered.


An old friend of mine. I owe him some money. If you happen to see him, let him know that Fjord was looking for him.


Do you guys have earrings?


And try to yank 'em back up into the tree.


Lillith was an albino?


Ah. It's not happening, sorry.


Near where Chent was?


His name's Fassbender. And he's got an awesome mustache. And the bracelet's kind of just a bracelet, but I made it. It might be a friendship bracelet.


We had a group of 50 goliaths, and they were all killed instantly.


That was my stealth robe.


We're not--


-- dirty, ragged peasants.


I'll fail?! Did you just say I'll fail? Okay, bye!


No, I don't subscribe to that voodoo bullshit.


Did he move?


Oh! That's them, I'm afraid.


Can we insight check the guy we're talking to?


If I did it with Kash, would that--


Okay, do you actually want me to answer? You can say yes, it's all right. It's not going to get weird. That's all right. I'm going to tell you anyway.


If we're talking about, like business shit, Caleb is going to Beau and saying: I'm sorry, I know that this has been less than ten days, but I need my cat, so I am taking my owl, I apologize. On a side note, so impressed. I walk off with my little tiny one-ounce owl.


This is our first live initiative.


No, I haven't. I've been cleaning. I've had such a need to clean.


King what?


It's 1,000.


The little metallic glimmer that we saw. Can we see?


Is anything constraining our movement? Is the gangplank in our way? Or are we unfettered at this point?


Team Single Digits!


Yeah. We didn't see any other exits, right?


Is it over my ears?


Okay. I want to get right up on him.


Maybe, but maybe not.


Well, we can't go through now.


Eyy, this is my specialty.


Yeah. I've never done this before, so this is cool. Yeah.


Percy roll. Come on.


There's a rider at the end of everything I send.


Good thing nobody in the world saw that.


Why are you not attacking us anymore? (shouting)


Yeah, clearly. The red barrel that says TNT.


Got it. Then nevermind.


Get it!


No, we're trying to go towards the temple.


Bringing it back.


Yeah, no, she can manage.


I think it blends into the texture, actually, quite nice. Makes it look like he's seen some shit.


That's a deep pool, you guys. Like seriously, drowning warning, okay?


Yeah, the one that Jester is attacking.


You didn't touch him this entire year?


I'd like to get line of sight on him. I look back at Caleb with his failed attempts and say: Let me try mine. I'll move my Hex over to him.


It's not the tarp that's the source of the illusion.


Vegepygmy is a familiar?


Yeah. Anybody have any objections?


Preparing what?


Look back the way we came, there's some sort of light up ahead.


There's flashes of light over there. I don't know what's happening.


I thought the thing was behind us.


Focus on the mission at hand.


That's not mine.


Ooh! Caleb can turn his cat into a bird!


I'm going to get two sets. One says Scanlan Shorthalt, one says Burt Reynolds.


While she was walking, I go behind and do this to Vax.


His first one?


A short rest? I thought we did, back at the house.


Should I secure us a rowboat?


Do you want Nott down there? It's what you do. You're very good.


Yes. I'm going to step a couple steps toward Fjord.


Oh, Lorenzo! He has such good mic technique. (laughter)


No! Look and see if there's anything cool, first. What was that thing that's covered up by the blanket on the altar?


I don't know. It's quite nice, though, isn't it?


Woof.


Good. I turn to him and I'm like, you better get the hell out of my way! And that's my turn.


I can wield. I can use him. Honestly, Fassbender might be something that we use sometimes and not all the time anyway. Maybe?


Druyah. Drujah?


That's exciting.


I'll keep that in mind. Travel safely.


He could just write that we set out at dawn.


Oh, it's incinerated. It had three hit points. Even if he saves.


Okay. Why's all my stuff in different order?


Yes, let us know if you want them.


Oh, okay. Is it darkened? Can I see the boat now?


Jesus. Two duergar, we can take them out in a second!


So there's no way to put a bubble around me or anything, is there?


She will not move at all.


Who's Christ?


Yeah, because we're fucking spies!


They are staring at their own footprints on the ground.


We want to murder everyone inside and rescue the people who are trapped.


That's the one we need, though.


I'm already standing by the bodies, yeah.


Little Leatherface.


Oh no! Get Caleb off the ground!


So we're standing outside the place where we just left Pike?


I mean, how many guards are there around there?


Yeah. We traveled.


So I bet the white dragon would be real pissed off if statues of Thordak started popping up around Draconia.


But you don't?


We have yours.


Ooh, good call--


No one's going to believe her!


I have a song for your next playlist. I'm so excited.


I will reduce that with Cutting Words.


You can dance if you want to.


Can you look around for more trees that aren't so hard to get to in case we need to make a fast getaway?


Your brother?


Yeah, but didn't Grog train to the right?


I think it does. I think it's concentration.


I take a rag out of my pocket and I roll it up and I shove it into Kerrion's mouth while Grog is tying him up.


Right, left, yeah, right, left, straight, straight, right, left, straight?


I know it is, and I want it for you. We've used a lot of people in the past and I just want to make sure we're not using these folks. Are we?


Is there dim light here?


How we came to be-- for all we know; once again, roughly a thousand years ago-- certain people possessed natural abilities. We assumed we were blessed by the gods of nature, and when we realized we had these abilities and then the Sundering happened, that's when we banded together, but it could have been anyone between humans, elves, there were a few dwarfs, gnomes. Mainly humans and elves. So we're primarily-- I guess you could say mutts. Primarily half-elven, but we separated off into our own separate tribes, so we each developed our own individual cultures, even though we came from the same root.


Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, sure.


It's addictive, isn't it?


Is there the same ever-light sky?


Does that mean we don't have to answer to you anymore? You're equal to us?


Sorry, sorry! That's-- that's on me.


We've seen you surrounded in radiant light before, you think you can do that to the carpet?


We're not going to tell you what to do here.


I'm going to drop off the roof, staying along the wall, I should be able to take a diagonal at that corner and totally avoid Greenbeard.


They're not-- the warden can take care of itself?


Don't complicate this.


Yeah, they got jostled.


Super happy.


Yeah. Behind that cage.


I'll grab a drink and I'll head over to where Vera's sitting.


Did I hurt you?


We should bury the dead. There's piles of dead, we should bury them.


We're past the chasm at this point or still afloat?


Sherri is sassy today!


You can handle that.


The giant white face.


The light stopped doing this across the gold, right?


We keep making a show.


Well, we were leaving from Whitestone, right?


I feel like that's slightly underhanded.


Catch that, Pike? He healed himself.


What are you talking about? How big is it?


I say we let her hit them, and we run.


So many horses on this lighthouse!


Yeah, that's right. We caught him in the tavern, correct?


Super on edge and guarded.


So he has five.


And I switched over my Hunter's Mark as my bonus action.


Correct. So as long as we're cool with me losing my ninth-level Shapechange. I can't escort us as an erinyes anymore.


Okay! 12.


Oh, okay. Never mind then. Who has a (fut fut)?


When did that happen?


I know, right? Now, here's the thing. It was in a really pretty box: wooden box with gold all over it. I tried to open it, and it wouldn't, so I smashed it.


It's like Aqua Velva.


Wow! You're a walking nuke!


We got an offer to work for the city, to be legionnaires. To protect it while its troops, hunters, and mercenaries are going to the front lines. There are bounties of up to 10,000 gold in reward if we stay.


Concentration? It's not.


No! That's all right.


(shouts) To the archive!


Why don't you just go get arrested again?


Aim long, strike true, a War God's Blessing upon you.


No worries. Do some damage!


We were walking through Target and were like, "Hey, guys."


And then through a tree, and then there.


I've been looking at some of the folks around here. I think they're over-exaggerating the importance of this beast.


Oh, because I was in a corner.


Yeah, I'll watch as they do that.


You could have used the Traveler in your life, too, then.


Yeah, because they took him away in it.


What kind of weapons does he have on him?


Ten plus four, so 14.


This is the most Douglas Adams beginning of a fight ever.


Well, when I peeked my head in, before I got my life sucked out, I didn't see anything in front of me. Did I?


Keep checking for traps, okay?


We asked Orly about the Sluice, and he said he didn't know.


Use that inspiration die, man.


Okay. What kind?


A performance check! 18!


Vince is the--


You know what just occurred to me? I didn't have a childhood. I've never said that out loud to someone before.


That dice just is the biggest tease.


Well great, that's great. 20?


This all she talked about from ages six to 13. Only thing.


I'd like to think that we leaned down to the same gnoll, cutting, and went, same hat? Same hat.


I'll go on that side of the room.


All right, it's very boring.


I'm going to burn-- I did that earlier, but I'm going to burn my last 5th-level spell to do Transmute Rock again?


I do not understand what you are saying.


It's a critical roll. (groaning)


(cries out in pain) No need to yell!


Someday Travis will attack again.


I do have ball bearings. Hold on, I have so many things.


I take it (yawns) and put it in the Bag of Holding.


We're doing a one-shot of Crash Pandas. I'll be running the game with some of the people at this very table, and it's going to be released on the 28th of September. I think?


That's true, he hasn't said.


I rolled a 15 to hit Phil.


Many?


You yell it across.


Okay. So that is cold damage. 3d8. Come on! Nine total.


How many people got hurt in that fight, by the way? Three of us, I think, took damage?


I'm here for a little while. (cheering)


Can I divvy those out, please?


Have we?


I can raise dead.


Moving on. Let's go take a look at this statue.


There's a tunnel back there--


Wait, what's that-- the horn of--


(laughs) What the hell's going on there tonight?


Yeah, yeah. Grog, I think this bottle's more well-armored than we are.


It's the brown note.


There's lots of people who're not dummies, though, and I feel like we should just quietly negotiate our way through, because I don't think we can bullshit, not without Scanlan.


Well, that's really weird. Okay. Well, tell you what, how about, because it's probably going to be coming, you know, I'm here really early for it, you know-- so if it comes for me-- when it does-- could you leave word with the guard outside the Tri-Spire?


It's possible that I will want to steal it, but can I make anything out? Does it look like anything that I have read about or encountered before?


Okay! So an extra d6. Oops. Okay, an extra two. So 16 total.


Rest for an hour.


Incinerator or lasers.


I know. I feel that's the equivalent of putting dish soap in the fountain on prom night.


(French accent) We have already packed up for the day, but if this is a serious business proposal, well, I can go in and fetch them.


To not drag any attention towards her, you are completely shoving her into the limelight.


Jif. God damn it, you beat me to it.


Yeah, I second that question.


No, actually I'm--


What 15?


I have a bonus action. I'll use Sanctuary. On myself.


(rasping) Actually, funny you mention sinking our boat. Sustained some damage, so if I could request of the captain, perhaps some grace while we go into shore. I'm afraid if we try to make it to her ship, we might be on the bottom of the ocean.


Of course, I say as I cut off the ears of some of the gnolls.


It's just a pulsing orb of doom, isn't it?


Oh Jesus Christ. Garmin over here.


Oh, yeah, buy the shirts.


Oh! We can put them on now! They're not magic.


Was it tattooed?


Of course. You are a gentleman, and apparently a worthy smith, as well. I do bid you good day, then.


(still knocking) Hello!


The other half of the party saw it die. 20 seconds after it happened, and we heard them scream from out there.


I pick up a piece of the local fruit and smell it.


We going in or what?


I turn a corner and fucking book it.


I can create it.


There are a lot of aortas and chambers and stuff.


I have. It gets funnier every time, though, I got to say. It's all in the delivery.


Yep. All the way...


And throw him at the dragon.


So we have to protect her for 24 hours, yeah?


There's more dead things down below.


I don't, it's just shiny.


I don't have that.


It's pronounced "verd."


Well, you know. Some people have needs. It happens. Just keep an eye on your things and make sure you always know how much money is in your purse.


I appreciate that. Can I ask your name?


Do it! Yes! Okay, one more. Do a second one.


Curse.


Another eight points.


I would like to swing through and catch the corner of its mouth, open its mouth wide, and then I'd like to reach in, and with my teeth, pull its fucking tongue out of its head, and start thrashing it side to side. (all laugh)


And just to clarify, the part where we saw all the illithid figures was on the opposite side, right?


Let's take over the shanty-town. Let's at least get on the island.


It's been a long time. (sighs)


That's all I want.


I'm sorry, I can't wait any longer. Do you mind if we go? This is all too strange.


I wanted to move through the door once she made it.


No, it's not. 28.


Still 28.


Is there anything we can do to repay you?


Miss. [cheering]


Your balls of fire wand.


Oh, you're running away from it?


DC is 15.


Oh, I lift him. I lift him in the air and twirl him around and I put him down on a bar stool and I give him a playful slap on the cheek. Not that hard, but like. How are you? It's so good to see you! God, you look good.


And the ogres were getting sucked under by something.


Oh god, a tree falls.


Uh-huh. Do I have any movement?


Yeah, let's have dinner.


All radiant! That is a really good roll.


Shit. Fuck. That's bad.


What's a gable window?


You're not here!


I don't know anything. It's part of my charm.


Can you hear yourself right now? You sound pathetic. Pathetic!


Obviously the decision is yours, but we are low on supplies which means we have more to lose. If something goes wrong, we lose vital members of our crew or burn through magic ability. We're going to be without food whereas I'm sure they're probably very well stocked and prepared for these sorts of eventualities. I feel like we would be coming in from a place of weakness. That's my initial thought.


I'll move and do Lightning. Why not? Just try to get as much as possible. Just so I won't hit whoever that is.


Oh, right. The guy that was stealing all that gold.


That is very true.


Guiding Bolt, up the butt! You want to move forward so you can hit him?


Okay, cool. What did we decide? Are we leaving town or are we doing something else?


Pike and Trinket, are they still stunned, or are they... better?


Like sandalwood, kind of?


I could attempt to tunnel us there. Percy, I'm sure you would know more than anyone. What's the likelihood that we might encounter, that I might bust through a dungeon or something, though, over there?


Cannot get approved.


(stammers) Sorry, that's infectious. We have a really big guy. Are you all right with him coming in? Grog, are you all right with coming in?


That's a 14, except negative three to performance.


Boy, I hope they wrote that one down. Also, any legendary bundle owners who purchased prior to Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes can apply the same code to the new book. Ashley, Mordenkainen: Am I pronouncing that right? (silence)


What? MATT Let's get a drink.


Through the sewers again?


Dayana, okay. I'm going to write  Dayana, got your message, our plan is moving forward exactly as we discussed. The Myriad has our back!


Well, don't thank me yet. I should probably tell you what happened while you were asleep. I mean, you were asleep for so long. I got bored, frankly. I was going through my pack and reorganizing.


Because they're--


I throw little bits of moldy pastries at it because I feel sorry for it.


It sucked their brains out. Whatever it was.


(whispers) They know we're here. Obviously, you threw a fucking rock. They want to fight us-- whatever it is they're protecting-- this champion's--


Why are you so keen on this one? I mean, that was a lot. I don't want to get involved in that. That's crazy.


There was a trapdoor in the floor and there were just people stuck underneath there, wasn't there? Three more points on that perception roll and I'd have been like "That carpet looks like it's been moved recently."


So the floodgates are open. We're going to let that build up for a little bit and then do the giveaway.


Drop it, drop it, drop it!


We're together now. We're not arrested anymore. You don't have to keep doing this. All right! To Grog the Victorious!


How many people can fit in there? It's pretty big.


Does Ogden seem to grow younger as he finishes the beer?


I'll just put it on my back. I'll just hang it.


What a fun episode.


(whispering) Krakatoa. Krakatoa.


If I do not see a mummer's show from this, there will be hell to pay. Now let's go.


Okay. Why not?


We're making investigation checks?


I put my ear up to his chest.


Come on, Tal!


I'll put 400 gold down right now.


Do you know a good blacksmith?


Pike, come here and give me a hug! I give her a hug. What happens?


I hate the SATs! I hate Scantrons, I hate number two pencils, I hate all of it! (all laugh)


Come on, buddy!


No, Shale.


Right. Should you tell him?


I was in a wall.


We're just about a thousand happy--


A simple what?


Can I push the door open? Or at least try?


Ah! You're still here?! Shit!


Can I attempt to disarm it with Mage Hand?


Okay, so. I'm going to attack this water elemental where I can-- if I can see an open spot that Caduceus is not in.


Okay, but roll again, you have advantage.


He's a monstah!


You're going down?


Are there any people? Guards? Goliaths?


Do you want one?


That's more interesting than the bolts.


No, I don't want you to go in! It fucking sucks your life out!


Gulp gulp gulp gulp!


I think so? I'll say to the young man  All right, I am sorry to play these games and haggle with prices. I will go fetch them immediately. I'll go in the mansion and yell: Fucking jenga! We've got to fucking kill this guy! We've got to go kill him right now! Come on! Let's go!


We're going to be fine, but we have to do it now.


It's been wonderful seeing you all again.


That's fair, yes.


I am really attractive right now.


"Impassable until it is broken, or the spell is dispelled or suppressed."


Do you have any, er, plans to-- well, I would like to, I don't know if you want to. But may I go to the library again with you?


We could just throw them in the ocean.


(sings) Primeval Awareness, yeah.


Hear anything?


No. So, there's that.


It's okay. It didn't break.


I throw up in my mouth just a little bit.


A finite amount of ink, or what?


I think a little bit actually got out, buddy.


It's the little things.


Right, so it's only if it exceeds my hit point maximum that I'm killed outright, so I'm unconscious.


And I jump in the air a little bit.


We never spend money on ourselves.


These are probably the only ones! It's a male and a female!


Care for some Cold Stone?


Anything on the left?


I forgot, I should've looked at my list. I had one or two other little things.


Okay, I see that. I turn and I see him, and I'm gonna take a Grasping Vine and wrap around it and yank him, trying to beat him up against the wall on the other side.


I'll take that 13?


Cobalt Reserve is gone. The dragons took it out.


Everclear.


It's all right darling. It's all right.


I had a quick thought. If her husband's dead, are we just going to tell her that right now? Just you know, husband's dead. He's being eaten by fish.


A tiny one.


Of our members, only this one human over here on his hands and knees, is the expendable one of our group.


You probably recognize the two of us even if you don't know us. We're Syldor's children. This is my sister Vex'ahlia. I'm Vax'ildan.


(chagrined) I narrated it.


This is what you tuned in for.


Well, in the tower with the-- yeah.


I assume I take one hit point of damage. Or 1d4, from a monk.


He nodded when he said no.


It's my family. I cannot help it.


The emotional poking was too much!


This is awful, and I don't want it.


I know I'm getting a bit ahead of ourselves, but once the dragons are gone and the city's returned to normalcy, what is your ultimate goal? To hold power or to remain in the underbelly?


Our options right now are to pull the mysterious ruby book, to touch the glass, or to keep searching.


No. I should probably go find that guy. Or we can go all together.


All right, I pull it out from behind me and hand it to you. It's in the bag, wrapped in cloth.


Can we see any light from above us?


And Lesser Restoration says it can cure one disease, but it's not that kind of disease?


Could you draw some portraits of this group? Of Grog. Of Vax and Vex. Keyleth and Percy.


It's stuck in there.


I think I'll buy--


No, we already went--


I figured the answer would be 'no'.


The other team has the carpet? Those bastards.


It is plus four.


12 total?


I don't have something planned. I'm just going to go.


That one in the middle's about to topple over if you don't push it.


(chuckles) It sure is.


She just shot some Sun Chip out of her mouth. You're welcome, internet!


If I use my bonus action to fire again, I can't touch the thing, right?


My father is over there.


There's a gate around the outside.


We need you!


Oh, that's so Ravenloft. (laughter)


Can I get one further away, just to--


Are we going to Emon? No. We're going to the earth-- the earth people.


If he doesn't remember we went, does that mean I lose my title?


18, but how does off a duck's back work, again?


Like a jar? I-I got no pockets!


Magic is allowed, but this is strange magic. How will we know what isn't strange magic?


We need sealing wax.


Double damage on objects and structures.


Is it poky up top?


Yes, I have a flying broom.


And we're filming again soon.


The road down is treacherous. The benefit of being on the coast is that you limit your field of danger, right, it's only going to come from one direction. That's just something to keep in mind.


Hang loose, buddy!


Who lives, who dies--


Baldur's Gate, which I played again on my iPad a year or two ago. Somebody, oh go ahead.


Mass Cure Wounds?


Acrobatics or athletics. We'll make it athletics, straight up. That is a 17.


Yes. Do we have permission to enter within the next few days? Obviously we might need to be prepared.


Throw some money instead!


No, wait.


That is true. That is a very good point.


Okay. We'll book it to the other entrance.


Tiberius, tell him to look for paperwork of something. For the mines!


Oh. Well, he writes me all the time, but outside of that.


To find a very ancient goddess--


I'm going to approach it by five feet.


What do we do?!


Pike saw Keyleth go running down that way, so she is going to run after her. (counting) She can't see the troll from there, right?


Well, I know, but where else are we going to find a vendor--?


No no no. I was asking, you can't teleport a room out, we have to be together, right?


What can you do? Do you have a spell that lets you see things? Reveals things?


Oh, shit. He is untameable.


Yeah. She's waiting until she sees them.


Nott and Jester, do you guys have ways to block arrows?


Huzzah.


You're not picking up Tiberius six miles away?


Which is why I'm going to be wearing-- I haven't been seen in years, and when I was seen, I was much younger, and honestly--


I hit her with the flat of the blade.


Yes, I will do my best.


I like it. I'll hop on the broom.


I'm also a little disturbed that it looks like that bag of holding is made of you.


Armor class is 18.


It's on all our minds. Unspoken.


Can we feel more wind coming from either side?


I was going to learn this on the guitar, but then I realized I don't really play guitar. All right, here's my country song for D&D Beyond. (singing) My baby left me on the fourth of July, I cri-- Take two. (laughter)


We'll try.


Look, we know who has them. We know.


I want to find this dude!


I thought I'd get you a bear ride, but I was wrong. I'm sorry.


Shoot or sip?


Have you ever tried human before?


The thing is--


No, remember they have to, like, be where the soil they came from is?


You said how far? Oh shit.


Oh, your invisible servant!


In the Puddles.


I walk behind Fjord and I cast Blessing of the Trickster when I touch your back.


Can he see through the counter?


I'm going to go through the skulls. Do you want to join me going through the skulls right now?


What else lives there?


The troll dick. Is that still in there or no?


Oh, that didn't work. Let's see, what did that end up doing?


We have money again, don't we?


Yeah, it was probably a really bad person, and now they're inside of you.


Once again, there is no way I can break through the grounds and get to this imp, is there?


Get in there, Barry Allen.


Anybody want any of the weapons? Shortswords, longswords, battleaxes?


Yeah. Fuck it.


She's a magnet.


I have evasion.


Walked into that one.


I don't hand it to him.


Are we just above the hole?


It's an inconvenient moment right now.


FurryHunter85, "hope it helps a little."


No keyholes, right?


All right, fuck it-- This is your thing.


Hmm. Have you noticed-- I'm sure you've seen many people come in and out, but an older gentleman dressed much nicer than he should be in an establishment like this?


Fantastic Four!


I see Vex looking around. Can I look for tracks as well? I'm proficient in survival, and I never use it.


Isn't Summer's Eve a douche?


A 20 didn't break it, so yeah.


Be sure to follow us at @CriticalRole.


Yeah, we could do that, right?


You can't dex cut this thing? You can't pop it in?


From the Value of Valor. Tremaine? Was that his name?


What, a 15 and 12 don't make it?


He's got armor.


This is so dumb. What color is it?


We lure the kraken onto land.


He quit.


While backing against the wall behind me.


Okay. I'm going to tie this rope around your waist, okay. Then this rope is going to tie around your waist, now, so you guys are tied together. Then we're going to hold it up top. Okay, you have a minute. If you start to go too long, we're going to pull you up.


That's nice. Can I look around and see-- I mean, no! In our area! I'm not gonna wander off, but just to see if I see any kind of anything interesting. I mean, if this is a really old area that I've noticed, it's old, can I see anything cool and old around us?


Okay, I'm going to back up.


The sledgehammer we leave. It's a sledgehammer.


Throw a falcon through the window.


What it had done to you?


From Vox Machina? We're sponsored by Gilmore. He put the brand on my armor that my mother gave me.


40 points of force damage.


I'm going to gently get in. Yeah, I'm sitting in.


Is that a name?


I shall.


But is it a fanged grin? A fanged grin is usually cocked. But it looks more--


Total of eight.


How many teeth does a mermaid have--? What is that?


You could spread his name wherever you go.


I've only got the medium glasses right now, so--


You could fly down and put me in the necklace, if you want.


I think his name was not the same Beau as your Beau.


It flashes if I hit a natural 20.


It's looking pretty rough. (All laugh.)


Thrym.


I feel... Tiberius is just me with magic. So that's how I feel.


Bring your dice so we can roll.


We can help you get revenge against your brethren who did this to you.


My therapist would be so proud right now.


I still have my movement, can I move out of the ring?


In the woods.


Can you do it again? Don't you have to rest?


Agreed, yeah.


Well, we all just slept, so we're fine.


You guys could do the Feast and some of us can help tunnel out the ground during that hour.


Sylas? Yeah.


That just seems messed up.


Yeah, can we talk about that dog? Can we talk about it?


Pull out Bad News.


Beau's got all the persuasion.


That was the most privileged thing you've ever said.


He was there too. He was there.


I get the sharp side?!


How do you even know that-- I-- no, never mind.


Do either of you have Dust of Tracelessness?


He does breathe fire.


Do we have our bits of god?


I know creatures who are from the Abyss, right? I've encountered them?


A pack or something?


You have it? Ah!


I call, "Trinket, Trinket, Trinket (kissing SFX) Trinket!"


A kid.


Did you just kill her?


Just like sentry, though. They're not concerned or turgid or stiff?


No, the mansion can't be seen. They would have to know that it's there.


So the world's in danger, as she said--


Can't miss that.


Yes. I don't think we should try to go directly to the mines and find Nostoc.


I will still help you. I need a moment, so I set it down and start scrawling on the floor around it, and about ten minutes later I have--


Wait, how much is that?


What! Really?


Yes, you were tickling his nipples with your water.


We've seen this before.


Do we put an alarm around us in case?


8!


Dex save, yeah. You're blessed, so add a d4.


I'll go in for this if it means a faster breakfast.


Can I take a peek?


That's okay. I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on Vorugal.


That's why they rolled so shit.


No, no, on. We're going to pull it over on Vecna. We're fine. This is a great plan.


(deep voice) Come on! Come and get me!


A very good friend.


We all are addicted to it. He works with Tess Fowler, who's the artist right now, and basically their outfit and our outfit are in love, and Kurtis announced on Twitter today that he is going to be shoving Vox Machina in there in some way, somehow, and we're very excited.


Your little project just killed your girlfriend.


Welcome back, Ashley. (laughter)


We fought a manta ray.


It'll be fine. Yes.


It's got to be locked up--


One of our favorite things about all the feedback we're getting through social media is how many of you guys are starting to play the game.


What, you're going to kill a guard?


Yeah, it's called, "Get the fuck out of our business."


Yes, fellows, what should we do?


I'm not next to the window anymore.


I'm a rogue now, you guys!


It is generally your level plus whatever your class is. So I'm 1d8 plus three.


He knows. We'll lead him anywhere, darling.


No one walks away.


I'm going to remember that you said that.


Just in case here.


Nevermind, let's go to Rissa.


But seriously. I've been part of a shady group. I've been dealing with shady friends for as long as I can remember. If there's one thing I've learned about dealing with people that you can't trust, is that you have to trust them where you can and not trust them where you can't. I'm not saying that I know what I'm doing or anything, but I don't want anybody-- I want this to work. I need this to work. I've not done this in a while. All right.


If he hits. If he hits the ground.


Drums it is! Drums it is.


Please, we have been around death plenty of times. Caleb throws up quietly into the water.


Can you grow back his digits?


Ooh! A door that works!


Doorways are the tits!


Eyes out for any things.


I mean, just calmly walking away, right? Are there lots more people coming?


At a distance.


That voice is usually me.


Right, so I'm going to start rushing up the stairs. Before I do, I'm going to spank Grog as hard as I can on the ass and say, "Kill!" And run up the stairs at the first guy who's enveloped in Percy's smoke and start stabbing him.


I'm going to do it to you, too.


I'm pinned and annoyed. I'm shooting him in the face.


Nighttime beach party!


Well, that's just great.


Aw, that's so cute; he's honest when he's asleep.


First attack. Is that cocked or is that okay?


We'll one-shot it later. (laughter)


Panel-con.


Chalice from the palace?


Pumat.


I'm one hundred percent behind any decision you made or make, by the way. You say "go," we go. You say "stay," we stay.


Oh, right.


Then I do a bonus action and I also turn into an earth elemental.


(laughs) Ah, you son of a bitch.


Well, how do we make it not burn us?


All right. 27.


I drop 18 points of healing into Vouk.


We now need to have a Stephen Chow night, that was some crazy shit.


My magic attacks have been using-- Working from above, Tiberius.


But there are stuff out there in the woods. There are things.


I wanted to use Druidcraft, but I don't know.


The old woman in the lighthouse?


You'd need one, and someone else take the other.


Taliesin pulls out a curly blonde wig and--


Pat her on the back. Drunk? Already?


That's crazy. It's a ship! I'm coming back out.


18 for Pike.


All right. So, that's all good. But he did escape.


What will you be able to do by staying on the ship? If another vessel--


Never been that far.


We've got a long road of history, you and I.


Oh, okay. Not like  I'm sorry!


I hate it when that happens! It's like a flashbulb going off in your eye!


Yes. Scanlan, we're heading towards the Shade. It's the big green tent. Follow?


Red hair, green eyes, big patrician nose, cleft chin--


That's ten on the first one, and the second one is nine plus four is 13.


And continue, or stop?


Where is it? Jesus. Oh! 13.


Does it look like there's a central part where there's a lot of people gathered?


And you! And you. The Dawnfather's Pelor, right?


It's got bat poo on it, let's keep going.


That seems nice.


Solid?


They're not turtles, no.


Then I can come and ask if it's been delivered and then I can come, because I don't want to have to walk all the way here, you know, if it's not here for me yet.


Mostly Keyleth.


Yay! Nice.


It doesn't matter, they all suck.


What a setup. (laughter)


The further out you are, the easier it is to bend the rules.


Yes, sorry, I forgot. Where are my manners? My name is Gern Blanston.


Yeah. One more day. Just to get supplies and get ready for the road again.


All right, that's kind of funny.


(clicking) Sitting down.


We most definitely are. Spread the word that hope is alive. We will find a way to beat this.


Fly, Fassbender, fly.


So did the bear only have one claw?


In a minute, it's going to be 10 35.


I get another attack, so I'm gonna do that. Natural 20! (all cheer)


The silent treatment.


You're lying, Grog.


Natural 1.


Like scry and see if it shows me something?


I cast Feather Fall on everyone else. (cheering)


Hi, Sam.


Let's get that first thing. That's 12 points of damage?


26


Everybody hear that?


I'm waiting for Keyleth. I'm putting the book back.


(as "The Twelve Days of Christmas") Five gold coins!


I want a pillow.


I'm so glad you guys are alive.


Keeps everyone from getting a good night's sleep.


Peace, friends! We are ourselves!


That's like a 1st-level healing potion.


Well, we have, thankfully, a professional tunnel collapser.


I can agree with that. We found this in a tomb.


It's pretty spacious in here, I think. (all laugh)


Did you just fart?


He doesn't, sometimes.


About the Bastion of Flesh, is that what it was?


Yeah, bones.


No, I'm from-- you're from Port Damali. I'm from Nicodranas.


Kill it out of spite.


Set it up?


And if it's possible, any research-- any energy that can be put forward towards mounting some sort of defense against these creatures would be greatly appreciated.


On the count of three?


One plus two, five, ten, 11, 15, 16, 17, 20 for the first. No, 27.


Okay. Aw, two.


Port Demali.


What was his name, so we can avoid him?


Yeah. Alive. That is the feeling. Did it make your heart beat faster than, you know, being completely stopped how it was.


Ranged attack roll with an attack bonus equal to my dex modifier plus my proficiency bonus.


Moving around, or is he chilling?


Fuck yeah, he is! Let them know, Pike!


But it can point us in the right direction.


He's disappeared!


34 fire damage.


What? I don't see it. It's there. She did it.


Very nice of you. Can I keep an eye on her hands just to make sure she's not going through my pockets while she's up here?


I notice a bulge in Grog's pants. (all laugh)


(quietly) I would like to rage. (laughter)


Okay. To the side, to the side would be good. And just punch! Just a couple punches. Just throwing some punches.


Caduceus Clay. That's a very interesting name.


Promo code "criticalrole."


I think if we ask them, they're just going to argue amongst themselves.


A yarmulke? Anything?


Caleb's in charge.


Yeah, what time is it? Is it dawn?


No scratch marks, claw marks? Almost seems mechanical type of-- magical?


The Dawn Table.


Give him a boost.


I have a plan. It's a bit of a crazy plan. They're carrying the means of their own undoing. If we can free whoever is in those cages, we get a lot of allies.


I should have taken the poison resistance. He talked me out of it. What am I--constitution.


I pull my sister and we flank. I push her into flanking position to the door.


Half cost. Oh my god, that's awful. Okay, tinkering check. 12.


Yeah, counting our hit points for us?


Is there anything going on in the tunnel, on the outside of this door, where we are?


We have a cart.


The chasm is a problem.


(sings) Mother! Motherfucker!


I mean, you have a lot of scales on your face, but look at this one. Look at this one. Look at this one.


Yeah, I should probably, I should probably--


Yeah, actually, I was going to say, you haven't done it yet. I think that--


Are we doing this thing?


Balls. Shit. I'm on the ground. If I stand up, that's my action?


I have a little dirt in my room.


Yes they would be, very much.


I'm going to mask it.


Next time, sushi. Sushi.


If we wanted to spirit ourselves away from this boat in the middle of the night, she could paint us a boat.


But she would still theoretically have his clothing. It would still exist.


You burning my hammer?


I just want to see my son. I want to go inside.


You can put three Lightning Bolts in there and it costs nothing.


Could I, um, would you like to touch my axe? (all laugh)


So, I'm going to go see if there's-- if there's not a blacksmithing, if there's not somewhere I can do a bit of basic smithing work and technical work, then I'm going to go find that blacksmith from last time.


Yeah, fuck it.


Shut up, don't say it out loud!


He's speaking Draconian! I heard him.


Like a downgrade.


So yeah, that's right, 23.


Wilhelm scream?


Shot, reloaded, shot. I'm now going to burn my action surge.


Believe so.


Yeah, we tied the boat.


-- you only buy things you need, and just lease everything else. It's very, very common. It's all good.


You love a good lime? I'll go to him and get some limes.


You have to try them. They're so good!


I'm not sure, exactly. I have some ideas.


What? She wants to see the sunrise. She'll totally be up for it.


Possibly burning.


Is Trinket allowed to join in the pie eating contest too?


Ow!


Okay, she's going to run. She's going to book it into that other building to try to get away as fast as she can. And she can move super fast since she's not real.


You will put a drink aside for me.


All right. Yeah, but it's not anything fancy. That's the weakness of the rogue. Where's my pyramid? There it is. So the first one which was the critical is big 11 for the first one on a critical. And the second one, I'll put poison on it, as well. Seven for the damage, and it's a DC of 15, for poison.


Nott, have you seen Caleb?


It's my fault, I'm sorry! I yell from the water.


Yeah, yeah, oh god. Oh god, what if they're-- what if they're dead?


You're a firbolg!


(shouting) Gnomes! (pants)


She's a merchant in town. We've been looking for her.


Oh, it's Becca.


Do you have anything gnarlier than-- I mean, I'm a little invested too, I've spent a lot of years with this bear-- like, anything gnarlier than-- an eagle's cool, but like anything with spikes, or rhino armor, or anything like that?


Consonants are gone!


How? This is terrible, here.


Vax!?


Or if we go up to the grate, and try and get someone to open the hatch in case we need to beat a speedy retreat.


He rolled really high.


Look, I'm sure you've realized by this point that Vecna has ascended to godhood.


Oh, yeah. I save it for when it counts.


Fifth level.


Lanterns?


Ah, no problem.


How is it lining up towards the steps of the giant?


Sending, okay.


Oh my gosh, yes.


We didn't build anything as a family!


Sorry, I blacked out for a little bit. (all laugh)


Do it quickly, if you're going to do something.


So I've got my axe out. And may I make a perception check to see what I see? To just see if I can pick up footprints or motion or whatever?


They need to go down into the tunnel to help him.


A week? That's before we set out.


We agreed to bring him along because he's paying us.


I take out a bit of fleece and rub it and cast Silent Image on myself, to make a pussy eye, something real gross that looks real disgusting. That's an 18.


Can I take a healing potion while they're inside? I'm up on the thing.


Testicular.


Hey man, I don't want to harsh your mellow.


No, we're trying to keep him from calling in a fucking dragon or something. He can't Dimension Door in a dragon and be like, "Just kidding."


There's no other entrance on the tower? Just the one? That we see?


Oh, 40 this time. Only with her.


I wrapped it all pretty, open it up.


Keep that demon cat away from me. El gato es el diablo, all right?


And I'm gonna use my movement to run around and to roll around behind Grog's buttocks.


Good. All right, let's go inside.


Oh no, I think I know. Please, go on.


I'm amazed that took over a hundred episodes. I've been waiting for the interpretive dance for a long time.


I like that an eight-year-old boy delivered those points.


Did you remember Hunter's Mark?


Well, this one is 29.


I gingerly open the door. Can I check for traps?


Is it its turn?


No, no. You got 19.


Pike! Are you all right?


She's throwing them in the acid pits.


Wow, make it worse. That's a one.


We haven't said too much, but we thought that he might be somebody you'd be interested in. Very clever, has no love for the Empire.


Does he have cover like he did before?


Let's not do the ritual site right next to that cliff.


Inside, now!


That's definitely a little shitty.


Yeah! Revoke your travel status! Never leave again! Okay, cool.


(deadpan) Ow. (laughter)


Ten more!


How's your sister, at least? Is your sister reasonable?


I have four as my planetar, so I've got two more of those that I just did, in terms of myself. I'm trying to keep tabs.


Smells like its been in the barrel for a hundred years.


Can I do that now? Or next turn.


And I say, "Hi! Just hang on." And that's my turn.


It just gives you--


Grog's ale, keep away from giants.


Going Ginsu on this dragon.


Bee bo!


I'm going to move--


Like a maid cafe?


Canon. (laughter)


I'll take the rear, then.


Couple Fireballs.


We could have, potentially.


Ten? No points of damage.


Well, they've brought you toward us, darling.


All right. Ooh! 24.


Illithid.


Yeah, one of those. Any other trees? Is this the biggest or closest one?


Right. So yeah, so the leader of Ravenites, her name is Tooma, and we went there, and we were talking to her, and I think we have a plan, but not really a plan, so we're going to figure it out as we go. All right? Let's go. That's the plan; you're caught up.


Do we have any--


Go away.


That's a nine! That's nice.


Wait, let me smell. Oh, all right. Here.


Do you mean the fu man, or did you give him the full goatee? Because you just did the fu manchu.


I have a rope. I let go of the front of the carpet, I put one end of the rope in my sister's hand, and I jump off towards Pike, holding it around in one hand as I go--


That's what I'm talking about. They're vampires.


And one more.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. (laughter)


Shall I?


We'll get it on the break.


Okay, I will. Check your pockets.


Fuck no! Look what happened last time. There was a crazy ghost lady!


If he makes a move towards me physically.


Give it a try.


Just not that one time that we want to actually know.


What do these do? These do a d8 damage? These do monk or do these--?


Have you ever seen Ashley wear pink lipstick?


It wasn't good. Six. Slow going.


I've asked your age.


This is the key. Anything else is a distraction, can only cause wrinkles, so we ditch it. Maybe somewhere where it can be found again, but it is not as important as this book is. So, we solve this, and her goose is cooked.


Somebody insight check that little bastard.


We didn't get it yet.


Put it in the Bag of Holding?


Oh, we should get him something other than dried fruit. That's not good for diabetes.


And see if I can find information.


And I'm drinking a lot less.


Anyway Caleb, this is what happened to me as-- Oh no!


I may have a plan. How fares Professor Anders?


"How were his shoes."


Or you could just tell us.


But wait-- find the safehouse and do what to it?


No, we just got that repaired.


Think of the heads of his enemies.


All the damage.


Oh, pommel.


I know, he almost dies every time I put him in battle. It's ridiculous.


Get him! Get him! He deserves it!


And I'm spending my bonus die as well.


Are we starting a fire?


Seven more, so 29 damage.


Just come down.


Loosey-goosey.


Well, that's a thing. You guys see that?


You may never see your bear-- nope. Playing devil's advocate. Cosmic bear.


I love you, too. Good luck.


Was he your new path?


We entered.


Isn't that an old Chinese folklore, a magic paintbrush?


What can we accomplish? What can we do? There's got to be something we can do.


That's interesting. I'm going to go into a frenzied rage as my bonus action.


I want to teach him to be quiet.


Does it feel positive?


But if my smallish falcon went in there, is he going to get cut up?


20 god damn dicks.


And you said everyone going in and out was being escorted by one of these individuals?


Just a wild backhand.


And we need to find another potential safehouse.


Aren't you worried that her parents are wondering where she is, or her family?


Is there anything missing in the room?


Or it could not.


Antioxidants, you know.


We got to go. Can't fuck around with mama deaths.


Yeah are you like--


6d8? Holy shit.


Jester does that too.


Do we want this to be the thing that we find out on?


Yeah, and I can drop a Fireball on there.


The most frustrating.


I was thinking if we had a small glass jar of it, we could give it a throw.


Lord Briarwood. Down here, hi.


Stop touching him!


Yeah, this place sucks.


It’s getting pretty low, yeah.


I'm going to stop and attach and begin strapping this.


So will Yasha.


He'll be back something.


You're getting ahead of yourself, okay? I am a garbage person. Let's put that on the table. But while I am a piece of shit, we can help each other in the short term. This is going further than I anticipated. I just meant that if-- These people we are with are all interesting, and great-- and untrustworthy, but great-- but I trust you, which wasn't really true three weeks ago. I just mean I wasn't-- I don't know, words don't do it. Talk to me if you want.


No. I'm going to stay put. I'm going to attack him. I'm going to throw-- dagger, dagger, dagger-- through the air. (flying blades) From the shadows. I have no idea. He might be able to see me like the Predator.


What? Oh shit. Well, that's extra.


None of us fucking know. Why didn't we go metric?


Oh, god. ORION Oh, is that-- I'm sorry


We didn't put that in our--


Any other half-orcs in this bar?


I'll meet you there!


I want to be on our side.


Keyleth, you and me.


That's kind of racist.


One, please.


This is some good shit!


Let's camp here for the night.


I wink back. You know, I kind of liked that. It was kind of hot.


Is it racial features or class features?


I'll get Jamedi.


Are we going to get questioned?


Ooh, 20!


And they're all by their allies so they should get advantage on each other.


A lot of bad guys there.


Oh, do I have to stop? I can't do it as we're walking?


I've been here.


Did you just tell a joke?


I believe you.


Hey, dirty bard, could you come up here?


Yeah. Ruckus, you and I go in.


Because he also turns people, right?


Can I give her some assistance?


(clears throat) I feel a little poorly for the time you have been having, traveling with us. It was not a very good day. It's been a string of bad ones, in fact, and I am grateful to have you along with this group because we get hurt a lot and stick our noses places maybe we shouldn't. You have been very helpful.


Wait, that's not us.


He's our type, man, he thinks sleeves are bullshit too.


Shut up! What? No. What?


You sign a contract with a devil, I'm never going to do anything with it.


Scanlan could hold his action.


Let's sleep. So tired.


Yeah, it was. On the way to Kraghammer, that's right.


That was an amazing battlefield.


That's really hard to make, chainmail. It really takes a long time.


What about our appearances coming up?


Run that way. There. Am I still in its--


Modern Literature.


I'm gonna try to hide.


Here's the bag.


I can tell you what is in there. It's nothing fancy.


And in case you forget, you can always follow Critical Role on Twitter, @criticalrole, and the panels will be posted there, I mean, the schedule, so you guys can find us. Or follow any of us for our individual signing.


We don't need to go in there.


We're closing in on four years.


Me and Caduceus again?


Are there any guards in here with us?


Nothing's happening.


They're very rare outside of this castle, and traditionally when they're found outside of this castle, they're collected and the owner is often killed.


I got a nifty necklace.


Oh, are you hurt, Caleb? Caleb's hurt. Someone heal Caleb.


Oh, this is pertaining to dragons!


Wait, did he find her?


I'll have a mimosa.


She's like Sarenrae.


I'll be downstairs.


What was your unifying trait or pursuit?


Why'd you do that?


What? Wait, did you make a decree and then turn to us and say, "What's your plan?"


It's a 6! (all laugh)


Nicely done. Who's first?


This is what I'd like to do. You tell me if it's possible. I'd like to click my boots of haste together and then get up, which takes my full movement? What does it take?


17. 28. And then another d6 for my Hunter's Mark. 32!


I can't carry it, that's how much I weigh.


Anyone says jenga, kill everyone we meet.


Okay. What else can I cover? I want to cover everything and gather as much of the layout.


More balcony terraces?


Let me reach in.


Did you go to the carnival?


It's three, I'm sorry.


Did you see her eye? It didn't move. How does that happen?


Although Grog doesn't have the worst idea. And I don't mean smashing Vax's head. That's not what I mean. But don't we have some hidden gems, because I'm really terrified if we start hacking away at these stones what might happen.


No, it's totally fine. I don't care. You haven't done that here, have you?


Can we save him leftovers?


Well, where do you think I go when you guys leave all the time? (laughter)


This is a good question. I don't know what to do. Should I make him fall asleep? I think no. Because we want this fight to continue, that would sort of end it, won't it?


You may not want me in company for Sarenrae.


I figure-- Well, if we're going to do this, I think we should do it quickly.


I say we take a wall.


Okay, first one was 21. Second one's 15. Third one, heh, is a natural one.


They are fast moving zombies!


We don't even need the bowls.


The storm!


I want you to be happy, and we all could be dead in a week. You know that.


We can't take the skull.


So yeah. A three for investigation.


We tease because we love. He did fine. He fought well. He fought bravely, and he treated us fairly.


We're grabbing a drink, Kashaw.


You didn't do anything!


Aes. Does he depend on you?


Recently.


I want to do an arcana check. 18. Check for any nasty magic.


Ten. Not so good.


She's not even here. You're with me. Gavroche, come on! And I swat him as hard as I can in the back of the head.


Well said, child!


I’d actually say we take both.


I like jumping into things. I like leap of faiths. They're exciting.


Okay. Sorry. I'm going to hide behind the beholder.


Oh yeah, I 'member.


Should I draw up the deed?


It's just black?


Yeah, that we buried under a mountain.


Yeah, okay--


(yawning) We totally can.


The giant Tiny?


Fun ball of tricks, yes. I will not forget again. Anything else we should know about that people might wish they had instead of you?


Now you can store up to three level spells. Three of them in there.


Percy, you go to work. We'll figure out everything else.


No, he's taking it.


Go over to the water, put my foot in, and then-- withdraw it, and take a big swig. (laughter)


Good job, dummy.


What's the temperature like right now?


Oh yeah, we've got this new thing now. That's so much better.


Let's go check out Fort Daxio.


But he's prone.


Yeah, let's go talk to my dad and get this settled, and then we'll figure out your next assignment or whatever.


No, he's cold as ice.


Looks normal to me.


Okay, cool. So here's my other question. The Briarwoods wanted something with Emon. That had nothing to do with building a bridge, right?


What were they throwing in?


Can I pull it out?


Okay, so where are we at? I'm so sorry. I can't see.


Also 19. Yeah, baby.


The sword didn't make you Grog.


Lady Keyleth, did you just say where the planes shift?


All right, just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything (sighs) complicated. Leave the gold, obviously, and the food.


Okay. Yeah. No, that's. Wait, do I add anything?


Did you have to rename him?


You got it, you got it. Count your death.


22. 20, what is that? 27 for the third.


Okay, so she can do that. She's got a couple of other things she can do with this ability.


No, I really won't. Knock her out again.


Yeah, I think it's just two right now.


I saw it! It's so cute!


A 30.


Cobalt's a good color on you.


You're wrong, though.


No, but I know she is probably wreaking havoc on your mines.


And I leave, holding my forehead and laughing. Small, little laugh.


I will take the time to turn Frumpkin- I have two uses left with incense- back into a Bengal cat. So he can live his best life as a Bengal cat.


I am going to be looking at all of my spells.


Smithing and gadgetry, while I can see how, to the layman, they look very similar, are in fact quite different.


You did great.


That's my designation.


Roll the dice, double it, and then I add everything. Lordy, this is going to be disintegration. Six, 12, 22, 28 points of damage.


Yasha will be actually up front, just in front of you.


Does Trinket have to make saving throws?


The crystal that Lillith gave you. Does that work across planes?


Inspire yourself!


Well, you could. What--


Oh no! You? You're eating!


All right, I'm coming. You guys should really reconsider, that's a word he just told me. I mean, he sounds scary and all, but it's really awesome stuff he has to share if you guys just shared back. Okay. See you.


How wide is the entire--


Tell our story, Keyleth.


Did you kill them, with those punches of fury?


That's all it takes. (laughs)


Of the fortress.


Of course you do.


Should I try and skip Vax across the river? (laughter)


It's not. I'm pretty fucking weak.


In a coma.


Sure, man. Bring it.


We can disguise you.


We're just talking (laughs). All right.


(knocks)


And the Dread Emperor literally side-stepped him and Scanlan fell out of a window.


He's waiting for you to become unstunned.


The city is mostly stone; I don't know if we can burn it down.


That's 20 more levels.


Yeah, 23.


That's low priority.


What? You swing back?!


Well, Raishan was the one who busted out Thordak in the first place, out of the Fire Plane. So I would assume that Raishan has some idea on how to--


All right. Use my last Luck. No, that's okay because I'm me, so that is 25.


Oh good. I didn't know if it had a name.


Oh no, Fjord. Ten bucks you get defenestrated.


We beat them, though.


We hate doing work.


You keep that behind your ear, and you wear your necklace, and you never forget that Vex and Vax love you very, very much, dear.


Time to go to bed.


Oh, she was.


We could ask him up to five questions.


Oh, maybe I'm wrong.


We've probably got a week or two.


Look, I was trying to protect our new friend here. It had to be done.


For Human Peoples! I just tweeted it out.


Oh no! Is she poisoned?


Well that's a lot of us, actually.


The other side is a skull.


I mean, he's not very-- maybe we could have a quick burial.


They're okay. They're okay.


You know it.


I pet him and it's like  Ooh, I love your cat! Ooh, that tickles!


Can I pull it off of the mast?


GURPS.


I've got a great idea. I want to sit, and I want to skin this thing.


No, that's 28.


I don't know why the Incantation of Isolation would be--


You can do it from the other house. It's sight-based.


So I'm going to catch it, and I'm going to spin around in a full flourish, and I'm going to just throw it like a Gambit card with the momentum that it's got.


Who wants bacon?


If something horrible happens, we're going to run anyway at this point.


I know, obviously. I'm so excited.


I'm saying if you want to, you would look good that way as well. You look good this way, you would look good that way.


It lands?


I pack up. I said we're staying for an hour, so I cast Disguise Self again to keep the illusion going. I'm done, you look--


You blindfold him on the way to being blindfolded?


Be free, little angel baby. We shall feast tonight! That's so gross. And I just shoot the baby.


No sneak attack though, right? Matt? No sneak attack, or--


Oh, right. Yeah, I'll put that in. Thank you.


At least three sets of twins. (laughter)


Do we need to rest? I mean--


While that was going on, is that caravan still in town that was coming through? We've only been gone a day.


But it doesn't seem like the magic is protecting the metal.


It's like we're in a Western when they cut back to the tavern and everyone's gone.


That's a nice idea, as I'm a vest-maker.


You found it?


Same option as ten minutes ago.


No, she took off like she does.


But you already did.


And then won't he leave?


Oh, good. It misses me.


Where the more upper-class folk would live, I'm assuming?


We don't need to take that to the Plank King if Caleb knows the language.


That's some heavy She-Ra juice.


You're drowning him, baby.


What? Where did that dwarf come from? Did you hire more mercenaries? When are they showing up? Hey, I'll own it. It's fine. It's been a long week.


I put my goggles on by the way--


We'll edit this part out, right? I just meant the unwrapping.


I would like the last one to be on this gentleman.


Maverick, not Hollywood.


I believe we should go and rescue the prisoners and build a small army. Moreover, I've been thinking. It all goes downward, correct? He's all up in a pit, yes?


You have the best ideas.


Could we just burn down the building? Burn down the motherfucking house?


I'm going to try and wake Cassandra up.


Is my...


(singing) Can you answer the call? Dig in deep in your soul as the legend unfolds. Now it's your turn to roll! [fire burning]


I know, it's thrilling. We need eight gallon wine skins or bottles or jugs. Because the Alchemy Jug can make out eight gallons of fresh water. We pour it all out and then at the end of the day it starts over, so we have eight gallons sitting in the bag.


Oh, I want to know what it says so fucking bad!


Yeah, 21.


-- head towards the door? No?


Okay. I think we learned a lot.


I do my morning push-up and pull-up routine.


And sweet.


Hot. I needed that today, thank you.


We should probably just get there.


Oh, "we are."


Not if I put that fucking slap bracelet on!


Okay, ready? Nope, that's disgusting. Wow. Okay. Sure. Maggie is such a sad sack of shit That no one will tickle her tit. It would make her so glad To be had by a lad. Her drawers cream at the thought of it? Taliesin, what did you give me?!


No. (sigh) Sit down! Seems like a problem in your mind. Are you mad because we're stealing gold? Are you mad because everybody's running off in directions and you can't keep up? Are you mad because you almost died?


Definitely hit light now.


I mean, I'm just going to do an insight check on principle.


Sasha Gray?


So (whoop).


First of the night.


I blast up two pillars, right next to Kevdak.


I'm going to follow the twins.


You do it.


I know, it's confusing when you speak with the accent all the time!


That's not halved? No, it's only halved because he's--


I'm all right. I'm just going to talk to my sister for a minute.


Oh, hello everyone.


You can whisper it in my ear.


It could also potentially be bullshit. We'll know more when they decide to open up, or if your travels for information bear fruit.


Good job, Matt!


My movement, by the way is I head to the beach.


We'll make for the wall at that point.


That's true. I mean, it's its own little pocket. It's at least blocked off. That we know of.


Yeah. I'm glad he's okay.


What kind of cargo does it look like they have?


I keep waiting.


Yeah, I guess-- You guys have been nice to me, I can tell. You know I mentioned those folks in the dragon masks, the cult? They were the ones that raised me.


Well, I've never been drunk.


Oh, good call. I do the same thing on the other side.


(singing "Whistle Stop") (all join in on different parts)


And I'm within range?


I need a little danger in my life.


I start scootching him behind the ear, I know this one spot behind his left ear that calms him down, as I watch with Keyleth.


Yeah, he didn't do anything.


Oh my god, I've never been here. I don't want to die. Who do I do this to?


That's true. (laughter)


Vine hugs.


We can overtake her now if we go right now.


(hisses)


You and Yasha should pull them off the street.


I'll take it! Can I? Have I seen anything like this before?


Holy fucking shit.


Doesn't work underwater.


That's it, that's all she wrote.


I am now going to attempt to, with that knee, give a full front kick and try and knock him prone.


No, it was fantastic.


One, two, three.


But you can't address it. You just have to let it be. I'm not going to encourage it. I'm not interested in him.


That's very impressive.


Is the ghost still alive?


We've had a lot of success flying around, right? What if, and I don't know who does what, but what if one small group flew in with Tiny in the form of a mouse. And then--


So then they've been working on this side, right?


