Not good. Oh, wait.


Hey thanks. We should go look at the treasury.


I don't know if we have the option.


51.


Did you give him the password?


So am I.


(weakly) Uh-huh?


Depending on where it is on his body. I mean.


What in the hot and holy shit is happening right now?


Okay. (sighs) Thank you. I'm so pleased. I may stop by one last time before I leave town, just to say goodbye. Thank you.


I rolled four times as good as I usually roll.


Yeah, but as we've already seen from the other tomb, it's already been heavily, heavily plundered.


Our chances of sneaking through here are low. I could try to talk us through. This guy's a threat to them because the kingdom wants him and they're housing him. And that is not really financially viable. So I feel like perhaps we talk our way out of this. We don't have to go in banging an evil sword, not that we have one.


Can you help us understand your kind? Your history? How you've come to be here and who this individual is that is fucking with your shit? (all laugh)


(whispers) Fjord? Are you dead?


Dex save for that.


I'll take my first shot.


That's our next shirt.


It says, "That guy's name is Paul."


Oh shit! Okay!


And it was the lair of one of those umber hulks.


Was she taken and Fjord and Jester?


You should just try throwing it and see if it comes back to you.


That's a good question, Pike! (whispering) What do you require from me in return?


And I want to check in with--


Keyleth, question. Can you make it look like we're not here with your foliage shit?


Lady Keyleth, if you will, could you perhaps make a flat, sturdy stone tablet we could all particularly stand on.


I don't even know if they would recognize me. My hair was different.


Quit starting with me.


It may give us an advantage.


About a two-to-three-foot spring, then. Three two-to-three-foot springs made of solid iron. Just enough to lift the system and toss. And it's just, you make them like chainmail. It's a process that exists. I'm not going nuts.


Pumat's got to have a--


Pencil or pen?


How do you know this gentleman?


Are you guys okay with this plan?


Do they give these postings to people who are fuck-offs? Or do they give these postings to people who are--


That's good to know. Excellent.


Wait, is the Apricot this, or is the Apricot the tiny Tiffany Ship?


Sword at the ready.


I'll make it look like Cosko is walking by the hall. Then walks back.


No. Our bear will stay in the room with us girls.


But you're resistant.


That's actually not a terrible idea.


Sneak attack on the first. Two plus six is eight... 30.


And Pam did the photo of the wallpaper.


The fuck, Jester?!


You're like the one happy person at the DMV.


Okay. Where is Wilhand?


It's blinded!


Who won that drinking contest in real life?


Oh, Pike's not here.


I want to try to move Bigby's Hand to hold on to his arm. Can I try it?


The one shot game description is  Want to know what happens when a group of D&D luminaries come together to play completely random characters? So do we. Come join the fun as players create characters at the table during the event, using D&D Beyond's randomize feature to improvise their way through a classic Dungeons & Dragons adventure. The event will be from 1:30 to 2:30 Eastern Time on Saturday. Aah! Next, and look, it's Sam Riegel! Hey, look at me, I need constant attention! Also, D&D Beyond launched their new show, Heroes of the Vale, this week! Join DM Mike Mearls, with players T.J. Storm, Todd Kenreck, Shelly Mazzanoble, and more in this new show set in the Nentir Vale! I'm an egomaniac! Laura has to add on to that--


In which we have a new poster.


Hi, yes.


Just barely!


Put seahorses instead.


Nott, what do you need to be saved from?


Is anyone else in the tent?


Is it possible to do it halfway through my movement so I still have two steps that I can take? No, never mind. Eff it, I'm good. I'm not going to fight it. I'm going to take two attacks.


I've got two spares if I need it!


I won't be burned because you're not gonna mess with the traps! Just do the ones that aren't trapped!


It's been a few years, you guys.


Oh, did you really?


No, he was great!


Add ten to it!


He could have a secret entrance to our Keep that he built and didn't tell us.


The faces of the statuary. Maybe we should prod them. We might as well start prodding things, because nothing's going to happen if we don't prod them. I'm going to crawl up to one of the statuary soldiers and see if the helmet comes off, or if the face is removable. I'm going to start tinkering.


I go!


Okay. Come on, you giant ball-bearing. Damn.


Yeah! I won this doll before!


I don't, either. I'm assuming there hasn't been enough time to where we've taken a short rest, correct?


On my way up, I fall in next to Keyleth. Ask, is your hand all right?


He is definitely--


Yeah, but I mean, what's a couple of dead bodies on seaweed to people like us? No bigs, right?


Oh, the one that was--


True. But they were like people's canes and things. (laughter)


Stay at the back.


I was hungry. There's a definite explanation for this.


I'll join this.


If you smelled like grape jelly, we would be BFFs! Anyway, hi.


It's Kiefer Sutherland.


No one can help him on these things?


As Pike, Ashley Johnson.


It's a troll. Like a--


Maybe he has to give it to Thordak in a dragon pyramid scheme.


A. As. Good message. That's a big word at the front.


On the one that took a little damage already. And then I am going to shoot him. All these are for like really large groups of people. I am going to shoot him three times. Can I shoot him three times?


Do you think they would appreciate these?


All right, how many are we away from that?


Keep workshopping that.


Vex and Vax!


13 is the DC.


Away from us? But I don't know where the others are.


And we can find the ashari on the way back.


I'll take the tail.


Oh! Natural 20!


Okay, so 8d6?


I have many forms and I master magic that you will never understand, but know this: The money I pay you is real, so you still work for me.


I would like to rage. (cheering)


I'm accustomed to failure.


What do I add? Is it proficiency bonus?


That I can do. I'll do a Wall of Stone where I tunneled.


Percival, he who breaks wind. (laughter)


Are you sure you don't want me to be a carriage driver, and you'll hide in the hay of my carriage and I'll go straight up to the Briarwoods.


Sorry it's burned now, but there you go.


But she doesn't take any holy damage off of the oil on the thing, right?


How about fuck shit up?


Are we all pulling against the walls?


Can she respond to these messages?


She is... yeah.


Nope! Not a scratch!


All they've got to see is me. There are roofs, right, I mean it's like two- and three-story buildings all in that city.


Another play-friend.


We're surrounded by a reef and artillery and pirates!


Good job, Keyleth!


They're hiding, they're waiting.


I'm in melee with this thing? I'm going to take a shot at him with the sword. I'm going to give it a swing. Well this is fine. It's my sword. So it's a 21 to hit.


Yeah, we walked past some.


Oh. Right. He already said that. So, you sail a lot.


You could battering-ram a zombie with the shark and just go.


Speaking of presents, even though you're being kind of a dick.


Look around for a door on the roof!


Of course. Have much coin do you have on you?


That makes the t-shirt extra special.


You know what we could do? Get the garlic, sprinkle the Dust of Deliciousness on the garlic, and feed it to the vampyr!


I'll move a little further away, it won't really help.


For my birthday, I got this. This is really great and heavy.


You first, Grog.


We'll give it back! You've got to answer some questions for us.


Any powers that you can think of, let them know where we are heading. Do not let them know the plan. But let them know that if there are forces to gather, they are gathering in that direction.


I'll go after Jester.


They can't hear you.


So we know that this guy-- while we walk there, I was talking. We know that this guy is a demon from the Nine Hells. So, he seems to be targeting wealthy people. Do you think these are people that tried to get under his control, under his servitude, and it didn't go his way, so he ended up killing them?


Yes, we're going to go do that today.


That's fine. You're with us.


Wait, nobody hit it because Fjord's going to take serious damage!


Do you have any idea of where it might be?


The two twins and the handsome one.


The Stone's Pillow?


Come on, wind killer.


Come on, you tall, magical cow.


The duck!


To the future!


Oh, I love making people happy.


Okay, I'm going to pull the last of my pastries, which I'm sure are really fucking gross by now.


Ah. A fairy circle. Make a wish. Ah. Anyway. We were hoping to gather the clan and take you on a tour of the estate when you're prepared.


(worried sigh) Now I'm doubting-- No, you know what, maybe I shouldn't trade these.


You two have been speaking to them the longest.


That's not Voltron?


You little devil.


This is technically what you do, though, isn't it?


That's very unsettling.


That's a book full of shit limericks.


I have a weird feeling that this prison is run by Dis-- Lord Dispater himself.


I do have my movement--


Actually, who is good at math? Oh, Percy! You're good at math.


That's like me! That's exactly like me.


Why the water, though?


Should we get some awesome all-black clothes?


So I can't do anything else? I can't do a bonus action? I can't do nothing.


But wait, it just occurred to me as I was handing that over, we need platinum, don't we? That was platinum, wasn't it?


Who has them?


Probably pretty fair.


Are we to carry the box down as we journey into the dungeons below, or are we to leave it here while we go clear out the basement?


70 hit points.


That was real convenient, guys. Did you see that?


Just grab my feet.


(singing) Now we got Grog's blood. (laughter)


(whispers) Bollocks.


But it looks twice the size of what I would use for a fire, or what I would use for a bedroll.


I can't see you. Corner of my eye. I hear you squabbling. You guys squabble all the time.


Is it blood?


I shrug and look.


I would just like to point out that my complete total is 45.


It's a worm.


Imagine from the broom up high how far that arrow would go. And then when a creature is killed by an arrow from this weapon, a single six-foot tree grows out of their corpse.


I'm really curious about this last hand. If you beat me in this last hand, I agree.


Be ready for anything.


So does the Identification spell actually tell you the name of the person that you were consuming?


Just in case, eh?


I'm not going to fire it at you! I don't have anything wrong with it.


I'm not with her. I don't even know this is going on.


Some spicy meatball.


I was trying to keep her away from that.


Don't do that!


Yes, our friend. From previously.


Dick joke.


Yeah, Percy? Percy?


Opposable thumbs.


It's just radioactive material in the basement. It's fine.


I have three-- oh. One was stuck to the back of another one.


I have some suggestions.


That's an intimidation, okay.


I'm to the right. I went the other way.


I will, I will be at Amazing Comic Con in Hawaii next weekend. Actually, I will be missing the game because I will be working on my pale, in the moonlit shores of Hawaii.


Where's Kiki? Where's Scanlan? I think I owe him an apology. Oh god, I owe Grog an apology. Maybe I'll not apologize to Grog. That sounds like a really terrible idea.


It's here. Acid vial.


Yeah, I'm Sharpshooter.


I'm trying to figure out a way we could just conserve the acid, like if I could--


I stay awake because I don't want them to be alone.


Yes. Oh, how many attacks do I get?


How is he keeping all of this in his mind? It's like a computer in his brain.


I'm going to step back to-- bring me back two to three steps, just like, back away.


The whatever it is.


Your guests are vampires. Look at my brother right now.


11 on arcana.


He's in the water, though.


Oh, but he's a little cutie, isn't he?


Wait, Scanlan, can't you go invisible too? What if you two little buggers just went off and like found it on your own while we were distracting Captain Fancy Hat.


Do I get the temporary hit points that Pike had granted me, two turns ago?


We all hear Scanlan Shorthalt's voice in our minds.


50,000 gold?


You said cocked.


What, to tell us what you're about to tell us? For us, or for you?


Are any of you guys going to GenCon?


You want me to be in charge of money, I'll be in charge of the money. It reminds me of Caduceus. It's a unicorn. Ashley gave this to me.


I haven't done this in a while. Little rusty. But Backblaze. Nervous. Backblaze is such an important sponsor, I didn't want to just do a commercial for them, I wanted to do an infomercial. Maestro? [infomercial music]


Gems.


Sorry not sorry.


Yeah, we probably should've told you that before we brought you in here.


I'm going to start heading back to the inn.


Yeah, what are they, like "lie down" or "drop your weapons" or it's a single word, so "drop." Drop everything in his hands, or you could say "lay."


Oh. I vote Scanlan.


You should've worn boat shoes! (all laugh)


Fair. All right, I was wondering if I was pushing this too far.


I have my armor.


(Australian accent) In the outback!


He'd make us owe him another fucking favor.


(growls) Eight. Yay.


Okay. Is this technically-- are we in the woods? Is this my favored terrain again?


Not that I noticed, no.


Yes, schedule.


It's, you know, to each his own. (laughter)


I was just trying to go with what you said.


Are any of them still alive?


Still cloudy?


I know, but I don't want to waste it on this. And 13.


I could be grasping at straws, but I'm getting a bit of an arachnid vibe in here. I'm not sure. There's three passages, there's webbing of some kind to the left and to the right, and some sort of divot or bowl on the ground. I think you can all come in. Quietly.


(laughing) She doesn't handle that booze very well.


Thank you. Ah, let me see how beautiful your song is


Remember those little round seeing stones?


Yeah! Insecticide. Pesticide. Herbicide.


No windows?


Know when you've lost your clothes.


Yeah, good, so I cast Friends on this crownsguard.


Oh, five, yeah.


I'm going to cast Disguise Self on myself.


Give it a go.


Yeah, this is crazy.


We're all even moving forward.


Oh. I don't know exactly what you said.


How did he sound, again?


I'm going to write a letter to my mother that says, "Dear Mom, all of the money's gone. I don't know what happened, but I am very broke and I need more. Please help me. I am going to Zadash. That's where you can send it. Just send it to the inn that is the biggest one and I'll find it there. Just address it to me. Your loving daughter, Jester. Please, thank you, I need help, thank you."


We have the stones. What about the stones? Stones. Someone can mist back with the stone, then mist back to us and give her the stone.


Falchion?


Oh my god. Grog.


What are you doing over there, Nott?


Acid, it is.


I used to do this with string and a G.I. Joe for my cat when I was a kid. She loved it. I'm sure the rot behemoth will too.


It is listed. I'm going to make one of the doors on that boat over there slam shut really loudly.


I want to suggest something to you. We rest here for a half hour, and I give this to you. This came from a very strange creature. It will help you resist any control, if there is any control, and one of us-- you could even choose-- could strike you and try to take you out of it, and if you are not being controlled, then you are being struck across the face, and I'm sorry for that, but if you are, there's a possibility we'd pull you out. I know that would hurt, but it would go a long way to earn our trust.


You know that I'm madly in love with her, right? You know that, right? We don't need to joke about it or dance around it anymore. You know that I'm in love with her, right?


Did I not get cover?


Take Wil's dice.


I suppose. I go and I start moving rocks.


Sorry. We're going.


Soul glow?


Yeah. I've got two firewood bundles in the bag of Ikea holding.


Yeah, wow.


Pfft. Still grappled, yes?


How deep did the water look?


How long does it last?


Guys, this is all besides the point. We have a god to kill. What are we going to do about the god?


(sympathetic) Just on the tusks!


Can I say, I change my mind every five minutes about whether this group was a good idea or a terrible idea, and I'm listening to these chuckleheads talk to each other, and I'm waiting to cast Blur on myself when it looks like everybody's going to do something, but I'm waiting until the last minute.


Oh, yeah. Coasters are not heavy enough.


It helps you with your stealthing!


On the main gaming stage.


Watch this Grog, watch this. I'm going to do Conjure Elemental.


Not many of us are lucky enough to have a lineage at all.


Wars have been started over less.


It gets poisoned, and it takes damage on the first hit and every round I think it takes that poison.


He's probably just playing with us right now, waiting for us to get there.


I'm gonna do-- it's fine, I got it. I'm really good.


How much would that endeavor cost me?


DPB, yes.


The ten, two-handed. That is it.


I'm a really skilled archer. I'm kind of like Legolas.


Whoa! It's probably been through people's skulls, actually.


What kind?


You can do better than that.


It's like a napkin on a buffalo.


I turn to Jester and Molly. Fucking-- we probably shouldn't kill crownsguard, even if it's a zombie. Should we go after the toad?


Gladly. But not in chains. We do this freely.


Is the room clear? Did you take care of all of them?


Oh, that's hanging off?


I don't think he's going to want to... partake tonight.


Yes, two fronts.


Trinket's in my necklace.


I no longer feel in control. I no longer trust myself. I wouldn't expect you to trust me.


If you hit him, does he become not paralyzed?


That's good for two applications, I think.


Let's use some bait.


Oh man. I feel so bad about this.


Save us, Yasha.


Oh, I was about to say, and--


Yeah, that's as far as I can get, that's good.


(mispronouncing) Wil Wheaton!


It's cocaine!


What was that, again?


We got to announce "Black Butler."


Can I fire now?


Ohh. Trinket, dear? Come on, come on, d'you want to go in the locket? You do? If you don't, you can wait out here but it's probably safer in the locket.


He's keeping him safe. He probably helped build the house.


And here, have a thing.


To keep him from wandering off.


Less than five pounds?


This poor guard. Ooh! (groaning)


It's fat Percy.


Look over my shoulder at the temple as we walk. Come on, let's get drunk.


Kynan, I need you to believe in second chances.


Fjord!


Exactly. Wouldn't it be better if we just don't know?


No, nobody asked.


We haven't made contact with them in almost two generations. I don't know. Last time we made contact with them it was fine, and everyone was good, but who knows. It's been a while, because my mother didn't come back.


We're heading out of town.


Yes, it's right in the name.


No, that is no good. That is a 13.


Yeah, there are times. I've seen them other half orcs with the teeth.


It seems so drastic.


Yeah, covered wagon-worth.


Stop peeing, Vax.


Are there any young boys around?


I want a nerd roll. 24. Book reading!


That's okay. I haven't eaten any children! I have no desire to eat children! But I've seen children being eaten, and goblins are awful. They're terrible in every way. If you're not good, they cut you, or kill you or throw you away.


So here's how I think this goes. I think the team infuses the carpet, and any shields, or head pots they have with radiant light. They go in and make a big stink on the side of the camp. You and I go in, you're invisible. I'm a--


Good work.


Just like that? We got to talk.


We're going to see if we can find, like, a--


Okay. Thank you, Pumat.


On me!


Technically, she is tax-exempt.


20, 15.


Oh, he doesn't have another 9th-level Meteor Strike? Another 12th-level Halley's Comet?


Can't we scry on the fort?


Ignore the last attack?


Yeah, it'll be the two of you.


Wolverine?


Did we do this?!


Should we ask Clarota if the bridge is safe to travel?


And two for Pike, so 11 shots.


I'm going to try to knock them both off in one blow, but if I miss, you gotta take one.


Don't speak so loudly.


No bigs.


It feels like a time capsule, but in a book.


She's huge!


Grog runs out and brains them the second they hit the ground.


Can you just be good?


(exhales) I hope so. And... well, you said I was right. Let's pick up that conversation later. I'll go out the door.


It's our save game plus.


We definitely need one for Grog. We have to get him to make us hats for Grog.


She rolled a one.


As we're walking, I just want to very gently take my gun--


For myself.


(laughs) We are so high up.


She's rolling.


They were held.


I don't even look at the cage at all, like I don't give a shit about it. And I walk up and I say--


Most people don't know--


Oh man, people are going to ask questions about that later.


I will do my best to maintain myself. I apologize.


You literally just-- that's all that's on there.


I walk up to her and I set down his armor and don't say anything.


If we're going to rest, it doesn't hurt to try.


All right, I'm going to Sunbeam She-Ra right in the face.


I'm up here, dear.


Oh, parfaits are bad?


Right, yeah. I would like to come out of my rage.


(Minnesotan accent) "Hello, we're from outta town, y'know?"


Those will be shipping soon. Those will be shipping-- yeah, pretty soon. Pre-orders are still available right now. With the posters-- I'm going completely out of order-- with the signed ones, it's going to take a few extra weeks to ship those because we all have to sign them. Just be patient. We love you, and you will get them! The ones that aren't signed will get shipped out a little bit faster.


I take a bit of phosphorus and squelch it through my hand and cast Wall of Fire across the entire length of the boat between them and us.


Oh, and we're still talking about the con we're doing.


That was for me!


There'd also be a fire inside the inn, to be fair. Charcoal is-- it's not like it's hard to get.


You're right. Person that I work with, would you walk over before my spell runs out so that I can use it to help the group?


I wasn't there.


This is Caleb. He's a wizard. He has a lot of fire and stuff. He likes his books and he used to smell bad, but he doesn't anymore. He likes water now.


The Wand of Smiles.


Yeah, we're already paddling. The boat's going too. We're fucking fast.


Keyleth uses a fog cantrip and just fades into the alleyway.


Yeah, all right. I'm over there, hiding. Fuck.


What kind of slaves did it look like he had? All types?


My god, the money.


Druids can teach it, too.


I figured we're-- All right.


The opposite of tryptophan?


I've got a potion, so--


We just don't have all night to go through them. Oh, can I make a personal request?


I'm all right with this as well. This is fine. I'll take the bed, though, if you're offering!


Liquid MDMA.


Are you talking about fingerless gloves made of dragonscale?


(mocking Laura in gibberish)


Like what if we get trapped down there with no air?


Those are your options, is Trinket fights a beholder, or Trinket stays.


Do we leave the cave or do we use the teleportation circle?


No, you go.


Okay. That sounds like a plan.


19. Nine. 17.


But I get their abilities.


We have a nice DM.


So even if we fly down on top, he gets pissed, he could fly up, but we could fly away. He probably doesn't want to leave the top of the--


I use my movement to zip up and look around and my bonus action to zip back down into the boat.


It would get, yeah, that would be bad.


It's time. Okay. I'm going to attack the giant, big thing.


(exasperated sigh) Fuck.


Tall.


Are you all in love with her now?


I beat them with initiative?


I would agree, it seemed to happen with this--


What do you prefer? 10 seconds to think about it, and then I'll--


Hold them closer to the camera. Hold them to the sky.


Understand it would be a start.


I think-- I don't think a boss battle-- I don't think we can fight this guy and win!


From the spirit guardians. Oh, and I'll also inspire Vax. (sings) Rip out someone's tongue and I'll know you. Cure someone dead and I'll show you've got those moves with dagger. You've got those moves with dagger. You've got those--


Fitting, absolutely fitting.


(laughs) Oh?


It's a 27, so.


Maybe it might be wise to ask any particular groups to avoid while we're here.


Embrace him. Embrace him!


What just happened!


Good night. Aah. Pleasure, as always. Thank you.


Are you-- you're superstitious. Yeah?


A nergaliid.


So he's got this really cool--


This is certainly possible. You are heading back to Marquet, you say?


What's it called? Skein?


What a dick! That's a natural 18, so that's a 26.


Blowing it. It's worth it. Gun jams.


That's doubled.


We'll be fighting undead, more than likely.


No, I'm going to stay at the edge of this and I'm going to use Vicious Mockery.


K'Varn?


No. And let me tell you something. Whatever lie you were trying to feed your daughter out there about the man she thought you might be, that you just thought you could tell her and then she would walk away and never actually meet you or get to know you. So that maybe she would never see what a shit you can be. And you can be a shit. That fucking girl out there is a shit too. She's a miserable, lying shit. And for fuck's sake, the thing that brought her back here was the things about you that you don't like about yourself. And don't think that they don't count, either. You're a shitty person, we know! That's not the fucking point. The point is for just one moment-- one moment-- once in a blue bloody moon... You come through in a way that others can't. And you do it, and we love you for it, and you are worthwhile, there's a reason we just nearly went mad trying to bring you back. And it was not pity. And we didn't bring her-- we brought her here so that maybe she would snap you out of wherever the fuck you were going to. And I know you're not out of there yet, I've been where you are and I know it's shit. And I would really recommend, as somebody who misses an awful lot of people, that you are honest with that girl and maybe discover that she actually likes you. As a person. Because you are actually likeable as a person! I know, it's coming out of my mouth. I can feel the shit from it but it's true. And for fuck's sake, get to know her and stop making false promises that you can protect her, and you'll always be there. 'Cause you can't and you won't. No one can. And you're fucking lying! And it's sick. Be a man. Be a man. I've seen you be a man, I know you can fucking do it. And when you're done with that, and we will leave you with that fucking shit girl, I would like you to look up my parents' name. You can find it on every fifth hallway in this fucking city. And then I'm out.


I had gone downstairs to go get Grog.


Yeah, I was just wondering if you had any incoming mail for the Baumbauchs? I said that I would pick it up on the way home, heading over there.


12, plus six lightning damage.


You rolled a 20-something to hit, but I don't think you said damage.


(quietly) Yeah.


Hills are bad to fight in, unless you're on top of the hill. That's good.


(muffled) I'm still in here.


Gnomesies. (laughter)


I've got to see this dice as you roll it.


Then, instead of my staff, I'm drawing my two wooden swords that I won with Nott.


So one of the things we were actually talking about doing, so we'd like to give a shout out to the person who made this, big shout out to @RuzGofDi. Thank you! For doing this. A lot of people have been asking for shirts. I don't know if you guys maybe would be into that or not. So we thought maybe we would wear these, see what you guys thought. But if you guys are into it, we thought about doing a limited run of these and making this the first of our fan-designed t shirts.


The whole time, you're smiling!


I crack my knuckles on a rock and I'm like: Ah! And I roundhouse kick it with my second attack.


We can get that for you, just not from inside us.


Should we go on our mission or should we get rid of Horris?


I bow to him, and I salute, and I say, Kaitiake, brother.


Bust out the mustache?


Yes, you know. That's 26 points of damage. Oh, wait! I get three attacks, don't I, that's right?


You do. I was with you when you bought them.


I do. I've actually brought a few gifts.


Pike, he has black smoke coming out of his body all the time.


Advantage! Well, that's a weird roll. I'm going to do that again. It's still like 21.


It’s flawless and beautiful and so sparkly.


Ooh. 20.


Do you like him?


Yeah. Oh, cat?


Ashley, you just destroyed a classic Dungeons & Dragons foe. (clapping)


Yeah, but there's a war brewing, and that place is the center of it all.


Oh yeah, that's us.


I almost won.


I hope to see it someday.


You shitted him up for me, Grog. Good job.


Yeah, we got like four hours until sunrise.


(wordless squeal)


Do I roll this for--?


Turn into a duergar?


Juuraiel?


I bet it's big.


I want to listen. I'm going to sit close by.


Why? I can't help it, I get so happy. Okay.


While we're there, would you like us to take care of any other problems?


I'm throwing my sword.


Get that fucking bow and that bow is no joke. Those arrows are fucking--


I got 24 points.


Nott, look at me.


Hey. 25.


That was pretty bad.


My dexterity-- save or check?


The cloak doesn't have anything to do with this, right?


What is she-- what do they look like?


You can sleep in the rain or under the cart.


Is it like a fondue pot of nine people in one?


However nothing.


Y'know, while he looks that up, let me point out that when I punched Percy in the face, there were zero points of hitpoint damage. (laughter)


That was perfect timing!


As far as I know.


18 for the third.


Or can I at least try and flood that side to where I can try and toss him over?


Well, we're not going to get our deposit back.


(imitates sounds of drums)


Beast.


That's a little cocked.


I'll follow after Vax.


Stop. Get off of me!


You tried to cast something on your friend, the guide, right? To make him tell the truth. Do that on me. I won't resist it. I promise.


Beers for everybody.


Oh god, don't drop Pikeys.


So--


Okay, well at least it's out. I guess right now I'll just do, jesus christ, Guiding Bolt at 1st-level on the hydra.


We're all healthy.


Pelor.


We've got like two left, and they wouldn't fit me.


She's a goblin?!


Hang on, I messed up that. Three plus four. I messed up.


I'll stay in the shadows with my arrow notched.


No, it's murky down here.


Did you feed the dog?


I step over Scanlan's head and I kneel down by Keyleth and gently place a hand on her shoulder and say: What do you need? What can I get?


Can I Primeval Awareness the dragon?


Déjà vu.


That's why it happens.


Is this going to be the entrance where we're going in?


(starts singing In the Hall of the Mountain King)


These aren't Great Weapon Master, right?


You came in really late.


Drop my form.


'Course.


It can be, you know, destroyed.


And what does a superior do?


Most amazing 2d10 roll ever.


I just want to remind you that my friend over here can split you in half like an apple, right?


Okay, great.


No, it was great.


I know, is he going to know?


Four plus-- There's no bonus. So it was four plus-- then I got an eight and a two, right? It was an eight and a two?


Prison is the target.


Nothing is ever going to top the triceratops, really.


Tary, it's your only friend!


Guys, our NYC live show!


Oh yes, of course. It can come in handy.


Oh was it?


We could sleep on it.


Okay, so, it was 11 and eight?


A demon? What?


Right. Can beholders fly?


Maybe he can teach you how to do that.


Do you have any food? They don't have any.


I'm so scared to roll.


You guys were down with manatees, but have something against killer whales? I feel like our priorities are off.


How much do you charge on a weekly rate?


He had parents.


Ugh, gross!


Are we trying to go through the sewer?


I know, because I just--


Well, okay, hang on. What happens next? Because aren't we supposed to be arrested next?


I'll be on top of you, if that's okay.


Welcome to the table!


That ear is mine!


The Drensala Vis.


Pirouette.


It's something different?


(whispering) He wants popcorn.


Probably should check the silverware, though, in the keep.


Can I use the siege portion of the Titanstone Knuckles and start smacking the shit out of this ice trying to get down there?


It's a crit, right?


I thought you suggest violence.


Well, we don't know, maybe it is! Where are you from?


I say, Tiberius, give me some light?


No, they're not, are they?


But I'm a good person.


That's not as good.


Read it out loud.


They're custom order, so they make them when you order them. It takes a few weeks to get them once you order them, but it's worth it.


Stupid tinkerer.


How high are they?


Oh, that's right. You avoided it.


Additional five.


Nott and Caleb are still going up the stairs.


It's gone.


I'm going to pull off the mask and walk forward a bit, about there, and take three shots at the armor.


That can be the name of the episode: Yas Queen. (laughter)


So we need pieces of god.


Liam, I don't want to ask Matt this, but the chick that runs the Slayer's Take, her name's Vanessa?


Vax. Can you do a thing to look inside of Pike?


She's a fangirl.


Shit's going down.


What about just one of those enchantments? What about it just makes people start dancing?


Caleb! Here's where you respond to her.


Two more minutes.


Yussa Renis?


You're low? On health? Have you not healed at all?


Air force got scrambled. (aircraft noises) Amazing!


Cool. (whoosh) I go over to Scanlan and do a healing touch. 6d8. (counting) Can you give me one more d8? Okay. Scanlan, you have 14, 15, 26. You heal 26 plus three, so 29 hit points.


As I'm running, can I use my spiritual weapon and--


Yeah, it's real loud.


Let's gamble.


You have to. I like that you're looking for something. That's good.


The middle finger.


Why don't we all head in that direction, maybe? In a large, well knit group.


Actually, I was already proficient in the herbalism kit, I was just specifically looking for the stuff to make the potions.


No, Doty, I've tried to put him in the--


Oh, we've got these.


Yeah, you do.


Wait, are you talking about when Vex and I came back with Clarota and he helped us for quite a while? Is that what you're talking about?


Yeah. Keep going. There. Not quite in contact with the other--


Can I try as well?


How do they get repaired? Is it like a Doty situation?


I go  Fluffernutter! and take my ninja star and go (floof)!


Keyleth, may I speak?


It's an attack.


Why this creepy music?


But over the bridge just in case I fall.


A which?


I don't think we almost-- (softly) Hi.


Which one are we doing?


About an hour's walk to the city is where I want to put us.


-- and I would win. So we just decided not to do it.


Oh, right. Okay, cool.


Cozy. Help me!


Trying to blend in.


I killed like seven of them already.


He had to flip a page for that one. It was exciting.


All right, before it passes, it gives me a quick deep-tissue massage.


I'm raging. I would like to rage.


We need a weight for this.


I set it down. I sit with just my legs in the bath for a moment, and I look at the book. [exhales]


28, 29, 30. 34!


Steer clear of lightning people!


It's an unnecessary step. Just blow that thing up, man!


Dang it.


I think Keyleth has to pee. (laughter)


Straight into the--


Yes. (laughter)


KASH-aw. Like cash. I like it.


But it's a short cloak, it's a little one, don't worry.


Hold on, did we maybe get-- is Thordak going to-- we should go.


Not surprising. What about his concentration?


And apparently, nobody really cared about Enon, so that's, you know, good for your conscience.


Yeah, I'm going to start eyeballing the room while sis goes and talks.


So guys, we already gave away one promo kit, so we reached our first goal.


Somehow, I got to the rift door and I didn't get there on my own, so thank you. Thank you, Big Guy, for dragging me there. I appreciate it.


Oh, but they're so fun to look through! All right.


Happy Birthday Ashley!


(whispers) Don't let him tell you what to do!


That's someone snoring. (all laugh)


What kind of animals do you have? I want one.


Ah, your sword?


Each slot is one Magic Missile spell, which is three missiles.


Okay, you haven't been around her as much, when she tells you don't do something-- well, usually don't do it-- but okay, that's weird.


Can you do one of those things?


Only, Frumpkin is down at the bottom of the tree. He runs around and--


And I brought the hood. (all laugh)


Oh, it was just the glow stick.


Good idea, Grog. I'll definitely try it.


I intend to be behind them, but what's behind them, like?


Yeah, you burn five feet of movement to get out of it.


I'm not going to interrupt, but that sphere looks very--


Is there a good place to make shelter?


I think that will work out well. Make sure you use your scarves, though.


Is it my turn?


I'm going to-- Yeah. I'm just going to help my friend there. I'm not going anywhere, it'll be fine. I'm going to cast Bless on Nott and Yasha and can I Bless myself or can I not Bless myself?


He can't see it. Against the south wall of that little building.


Perfect timing, Ash.


Yes. That's so smart.


You understand anything coming out of this thing's mouth?


Four-to-one.


Can I grab the door?


That's a "he attacks first."


We haven't encountered any tieflings yet.


60 feet, because I'm sharpshooter, so I take no disadvantage.


Wasn't it a delivery thing?


I'll come with you.


(sings) Merchandise!


We'll see, yes. That might be complicated, but yes.


Does someone want to go talk to them?


I'm going to inspire her with a song.


All right. What do they do again? Can you explain one more time?


He can do spells.


Okay, we've got time. Not a lot.


Nope, that didn't work. (tink) (laughter)


He's like, "It's not going to tell you shit, but sure." 15?


Yeah, you look a little pale, Percy.


We'll try that sometime, okay?


Wolverines!


Tell you what, we'll go Hupperdook on the way up, and then we can do Rexxentrum on the way back.


Is it an open area over the village?


Well, we've already killed two of them.


What if we say, "We're from the Timalt Company, they never paid our invoice, and they stole our puppies!"


We're going to go inside and talk to Gladys, yeah?


You take left. I'll take right.


I'm looking for a boat. I'm looking for a ship. I'm looking for a shipwreck, not an object. We could do object, too.


What does the weather look like? Are there clouds in the sky?


It's a skill check. It's not a save. Oh wait. I don't get to add anything from the hammer for this?


I am finding it very hard to concentrate at the moment, but I know that I need paper and the most expensive ink you have.


Enjoy those boots.


I'm clean right now.


I don't want to get targeted later, Matt! I want you to treat me fairly, okay?


I don't know, I could open up a hotel? Or I could make a bunch of dresses. Or--


Right. But now we've changed your plans, yes? You're with us?


If you see us, we won't make eye contact.


Even I am taken aback. My jaw is just open like: (gasps).


I'm going to hide. I'm going to pull top right, and go up. I'm going up and I'm getting the fuck back there, as far back as I can get.


We're the most deadly thing in this land.


Hang on, 180 feet in diameter? Hang on. Pike and I check our spellbooks real quick.


One more day! Not even a full day!


I don't want to move, I'll break the pose.


Oh, you'll be fine!


She turns back time.


So that's the first attack.


Well... (laughter)


Yeah, but we're trying to be stealthy.


It is. How time flies.


Meet back here in two hours--


They're all copies of this fine gentleman. Pumat, I wanted to ask, we're such fans of your store, did you ever find call to, I don't know, use your magic for combat? What led you to a store like this?


All right, I'll cast Message on one of the kids.


Well, here's the thing. If she's sitting right there in the middle, can she see better than if she were in the shadow?


He got a 19 and I got a three.


No, you have to be touching your ear.


Yeah, he's right there.


I don't know. Maybe it was a relapse of the those mushrooms that Molly and I did. I don't know.


Its speed is halved.


Oh ho! They're sucking the life out of you.


Nipple rings in or out?


Could you "pick the lock," Grog?


No short rest! Heal some people, I'll heal some more. We got this. We got lots of healing.


You may have to throw the knife.


I don't like her winking at Percy!


Not very often. You saw how much candy they were eating yesterday.


And like, wipe at any dirt off your face, okay?


Okay. Interesting.


Can I use my 30 feet to run by this creature to this area?


I said I fed him, but I didn't say what I fed him.


Sorry. I've learned.


Oh, you have three daggers still?


That's some black magic right there.


Well, we roll well when it counts.


It smells good, too. It smells like new comic.


Is that mud on her face?


Don't struggle, or you'll sink faster.


Yeah, we'd have to stop them on the way out the hole, right? There's only one way in and out.


This Philip Glass nervous breakdown you're giving us is really--


And maybe it'll open again.


You built it. You must know of some way to disable it.


She gave us a key to Plane Shift there. This is the tuning fork that I needed.


Yes, I'm a sorcerer! I do all kinds of fun things with the arcane!


Like Disney!


So you're done melting the whitestone, but you still have a whole bunch of this acidic compound kicking it in a warehouse somewhere?


We don't leave people behind, and that's the deal.


Like ravens, they are able to mimic many sounds.


Mama, it's not that kind of ball he swallowed.


She's on fucking range!


Well, he has a better eye on the situation than we do. He's right in the thick of it now.


There's one left.


Yeah, our left.


Let's watch her work for a day. See how it goes.


Yeah, delegate.


That was for finding the Sword of Kas, wasn't it, before we slept?


I wonder if Kevdak goes to the sacrificial area where they leave the hoard for the dragon.


She was great, wasn't she?


I believe she's incorporated. She's incorporated.


Speaking into the earrings; they're all behind me. I think we're in a more populous place with the undead cannibals, know what I mean? There's a very large cavern in here and a lot of room.


Porpal? Marpol?


(sighs) Let's use this one. This is a big, shiny die. 17.


One shy. So now out comes the Dagger of Life-Stealing. It misses-- well, does 15 hit?


Oh, that's a shitty side effect.


How do I get to it, though? I mean, if we break--


That's only 15. 15?


Our plan worked perfectly. How far am I from the thing?


He's got six points left.


Do I recognize the text on it? Celestial?


Oh, god damn it, it was almost better. It was almost good. Ten.


There's only--


It feels like a genie circumstance, right?


No cool goodies?


Shady motherfuckers.


Okay, I'll take my bonus and whack. Or you know what? Yeah, I'm going to whack it.


This one's name is Bluute?


Just going to start kicking him in the side.


Or it could happen really quick.


Before I do, why are we trying to get in here? I thought it was to meet people. I don't think there's anyone in there.


Tell us of this Kord. Try to find your notes of this Kord.


You can cast that sigil anywhere, right? You don't have to be here? We could do it from home.


(deeper voice) You know, I never did catch your name. What do they call the two of you?


Is that the same problem?


So Pike is--?


I had to grab that thing.


Was he a client of your mother's?


(chanting) Go, go, go!


He's got a Frumpkin too!


I'm going to start my Plant Growth. I'm going to drop. Can I try to clear out an area where I can-- I should be fine.


I want it to be a surprise for you, I can't tell you.


We're going to be insurgents?


Running ahead, turning around.


Oh, okay, see, you don't really need me after all.


That fucked with my head, Matt.


This is one option, are we sure we don't want to seek help--


Grog. Okay.


Okay. I'm going to roll up this roof like a big, ominous fog cloud. And come up, and I want to do a Whirlwind on those two archers up there.


Curse of the Eyeless.


Take him out, and then stab him while he's down.


A bit of smoke. Lots of smoke and bird-like.


(singing) He's never going to dance again.


Yeah, I was a 25.


To controlled--


Thanks chat room!


There are no legends, there are no scrolls that might recount the tale of how that happened, that you might still have somewhere?


They may not be very happy with leadership that leaves them in a place where they're being taken advantage of. That's very clever. Might be time to move on.


Thanks to whomever sent these Jelly Bellies, by the way.


It's worth its weight in salt?


Pike, you're in the middle of it? Oh, shit.


Larry. Larry and Tary.


Okay. Do you think you could help me, though?


I saw it. That's all I needed. We can head back up now.


Okay, that's less disappointing.


To blathe!


For six?


Ten? Let me see.


So then you go with them and Dimension Door out.


Because I'm a level 11.


Word of mouth. You don't need a big, public thing.


If you make a bunch of David the Gnomes--


Exalted. Exalted form.


Oh yeah, can I fucking run up past the cart? Charge into the fray with my 30 speed.


For the other groups, yes.


It's what I do.


I've seen other undead things.


Sitting on top of it.


Oh no, his final change is complete!


Who, Hotis?


If we're talking about what we were talking about before, I don't think it's a good idea.


Are there any drafts? Do I feel any wind flows or anything like that?


Is he an illusion cat?


Are all the ladies that big in Draconia?


And the first layer of Hell is also referred to as the layer of Inyimenemo-- what?


Oh, and plus the Hex! So that's (counting) 24 points of damage plus two points of fire damage.


Maybe my brother should hang onto his things.


Oh, no I'm just being my same, awkward self. It's fine.


My kind of place.


Eat a dick!


Maybe you can.


Or just like in front of the well?


Come on! We need to save him!


Let's make our way in.


No, I, didn't we use--


There will be no test.


Oh, to Terrah?


Ever since we were five.


I am keeping an eye on these pools, looking for any movement, by the way.


Yes, I do. It was seven damage, you said?


I told her, I told her.


She's back?


You think Uriel might be in the Briarwoods' pocket and pass on that we're aware.


I just know it's 120-foot range. Should write the other stuff down.


Twinsies!


They cut their dead down.


Everything just flipped.


Oh! I like that he's checking out his Yellow Pages.


Can we talk about our next thing because I'm so excited about it.


Oh, well it was but--


Do we have any more reason to be here? Or should we start heading off to Ank'Harel?


Did Toya love crabs?


J'mon, they say they're okay. It's okay, we can go.


Bat AC.


If we're going to go outside and take a look around, I think now is the time to do it.


You know what's up, brother. Thank you guys for waiting. I heard, Tico told me that people were out there at 6:00am waiting? You guys! We're about to watch people play Dungeons and Dragons! (cheering)


Can I start going (groans) Oh get off, you little beast! To help with the illusion?


I know where everything is in every pocket of this coat. It has been with me through a lot. What?


Ridiculous.


How did they see us? I thought we were stealthed.


And that is 1d8 fire damage, which is seven. Seven fire damage.


No, I didn't. No I didn't, I definitely didn't, because I remember kicking myself for-- I definitely didn't. Okay so, click, everybody starts moving slower around me. I want to-- so Percy's against the wyvern, I want to reach over Percy's shoulder and stab the wyvern, and then I want to throw another dagger at the dude standing next to Scanlan.


That's a really good point. I guess that's a positive way to look at it.


Sounds like a creature.


Sorry, Caleb trips, or pretends to, into the mud, and scoops up two fistfuls of mud and shoves them into his pockets.


That can regenerate?


I liked his hair.


No. I'm going to move towards any entrance or window I see. I can't really see over there.


This feels wrong. Do it, just do it, I'll take it.


No, I bet he's in the fucking Nine Hells right now.


Looks a little hinky?


They all cracked.


I'll grab her by the hand and pull her into... Is there a back alley or a side place or a shadow anywhere?


Amazing! How?! God! I don't get it!


All my dice. Every dice! I don't have any dice left to roll.


Ooh! Let's be sharks.


And again, if I do this, what's to say we're not just going to drive up another debt again? Doesn't seem like father or you have been very good at keeping us in the black.


I have an intelligence of six normally, but now it's negative two.


Are you planning on sounding like Caleb now?


It's a boot.


Oh, she's still prone, okay.


Could I try Mending again and see if what they did made it to where I can fix it now?


Okay, second book? 21.


Natural 20! Thanks for that blessing!


Here to talk to you about D&D Beyond is a returning friend of the show. (laughter)


Where did your kin take our big friend?


Do they, like, go with the outfit, though?


Yep, and a cannon.


Tell us about the experiments beneath the castle.


No, it doesn't. I was lying.


Stone Shape?


See, he's really good.


That is funny.


Okay. Oh, I reroll that, because that's a one. That's a two. 18. 18 points.


I don't want you to die. I don't want you to die because of your greed. I don't care that you have-- You look amazing. Doesn't she look amazing?


We may not know where he is after this.


He's throwing you a bone.


You've been drinking?


Make it breakfast.


(words of encouragement)


I can do a medicine check. Do you want me to look at it?


Right. Standing by the blacksmithing stuff, I say, you are interrupting Grog's arts and crafts! And I would like to rage.


(muffled) It's dark in this closet!


This will protect anyone who comes within 30 feet of it.


Yes, he's my dad.


Oh, okay. I did that, too.


I'll move five more feet--


Ay.


It goes (splat).


Oh, yeah, you did the clicking the boots of haste already.


I get to do more?


Sorry, sorry.


(creepy voice) Samuel.


Can it be like a kid who's holding a rifle, but not up to him, so it hits him and it really throws me back a little?


Loaf. How about Loaf?


Can I make it over to this dock over here?


18 plus 3 is 21?


Hey. One of us has a familiar that can look for us, right?


Do you want Taliesin to lick it?


No. I can cast it at a greater level, but no, I don't have Greater Invisibility.


We don't want to lose it in a game of cards.


Are you still learning tattoos from Orly?


Yeah, you did, thank you for the DM slip. What's its wisdom saving throw?


We could just own it and call you--


I mean, I can make some water if you wanna bless it.


And then there was a dragon?


Oh, natural 20! (cheering)


You look good in blue.


What if it's beyond even what Fjord has just seen? We do not know what we are talking about yet.


We might as well just be doing this on a treadmill, because I think I'm pretty close to 130?


Why are you having a mermaid pick fruit if she's in the water?


I have dreams.


She's going to take two reckless attacks at this one that is near her for just a straight roll.


Or is it a walk in and try to challenge him?


Suncut Bazaar.


It worked on you.


Halved to 14.


I will definitely take some.


I'm going to make my way around all this riff-raff, uh, no, uh, yes.


I don't think it is.


No. I didn't have that sort of a streak in me then.


You have wings.


Someone who can be invisible, someone who can be a hawk or Ravenite?


Roof, roof, roof.


Hey, fuck off with your stinging, burning shit, all right? I'm not putting anything else in water. I don't know if you know, Scanlan, but water burns.


Mr. Samson?


I'll be in front of Caleb and be his train.


Uk'otoa.


I have a flashlight.


Okay, I gain plus two to my intelligence! Whoa!


Next week is what's under the blanket. That or cake.


Here, I'll help you, Gramps. On either side.


No, just goes poof.


If somebody tries to hit me within five feet with melee, I can hit him back but I forgot to do it.


That's deep in.


It's fine. Do I roll for that?


I'm-- I'm--


And go where?


They do, they cut it out.


I can change any memory. Ah, what was it called?


Heh, yeah.


I think we should go buy some potions and take a nap.


You've made some allies today with that.


Can I get to its mouth at all?


Oh, wait, you ready to go?


Like a lead-- I would pay premium price to get a hold of a lead box right away.


We could just sneak in the gate.


Hey, DM!


Can you turn this into a gold piece?


It was very nice before it caught fire.


I flip him a coin.


My way of thinking is what if that web is sticky as shit. I don't want to get caught in it.


Who knows what is above us. It could be slower for the upper half.


Except for me.


History. My history changed here recently. That's my second natural one in a row. I'm going to get rid of this one. Where's Laura with her dice jail when you need it? That's an 18 that I just rolled now.


Whatever.


Yes, five feet.


One more shot. First, I'm going to Hex the dragon. I'm going to give him disadvantage against strength checks. And I'm going to shoot him with a sharpshooter shot for my last shot. Come on. Yeah! 29.


I'm going to spend a Grit point and-- Wait, if my armor class is 20, does that mean they still hit?


Right at the rim of where the illusion stops.


I have a book you can read, Yasha.


Which is a big seven.


Do we do the spell when we get up there, or now?


Anything small? Ooh! Can I find my old flask that I left here?


Probably need some healing potions or something?


Just say, "Your soul is forfeit," just for coolness. (all laugh)


Oh! Thank you! I would kiss you if I could.


We need to go to Kraghammer to collect our 30,000 gold waiting for us.


I wave at them.


(gasps) Your strength is double mine?


I'm close to a guy who's going to hit me if I move, right?


Caleb, you're very--


Okay, I'm coming.


Probably will.


I've got fireworks.


In pirate clothes.


Someone probably very high up.


Yeah, mermaids? I don't know.


They were very interested in researching it. Which I don't think is a bad thing. They're good people. And learning about history is a good way to keep yourself from repeating it. However, you do serve the Raven Queen, who I know wants nothing to do with the undead. And if it means destroying this book, then do what needs to be done.


Yeah. We could do some of that.


Good to know for next time.


Careful with that.


Well. Better him than us, I say.


Can I invoke Duplicity?


Don't fuck this up this time, come on.


Okay. Five.


I'm gonna pee my face off. (Liam imitates rushing water)


How did you survive?


Of course it's not, but yes, definitely let them out. We'll have to make it more secure and safer.


So there's nothing behind?


If there was a basket for trash and you threw it--


Should I kill the brain, or try to kill the brain?


Oh, we're here!


Yeah, what's that?


Take a potion! Heal yourself!


What do you have, Grog?


We could put food out in front of us!


Did you roll shit, too?


Ooh, not good. Dexterity check? 11.


Percy rolls!


That's the front?


A plethora of different entities and beings, it was running around town changing at will.


Hey, I'm going to--


Sorry. Quartermaster Tusktooth, formerly captain for us.


Yeah? Yeah.


She was doing something previously. I don't think that anything awful is going to happen.


The dining room wall.


Under that un-intimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stilben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


(Minnesotan accent) "Oh, don't ya know?"


Victor, I think you know how I feel about that, but you're a very attractive man, and--


The third figure is by Ripley. The goliath is off on her own with some sort of box.


Does anyone know that you're here?


Do you get any more inspiration, Scanlan?


We also have these really super cool spiky boots.


Yeah, I have a little cantrip that I was going to use, but-- Oh no, never mind, it's not a bonus. Never mind.


Could you do that to me?


What do you make of all this?


We do not tell them what our new room number is.


Oh, yes, these are my allies and my friends. This is the team known as Vox Machina. They are a fearless band of adventurers and they have taken me in as their own.


(gasps) I'm going to cry. That would be so wonderful.


Oh, no. Just going to turn him into mulch. That's okay. (laughter)


I don't think I've ever heard anyone say "at dawn, we plan." So I'm going to assume--


Hands up, motherfucker.


Did you say, "Get that smut?"


Don't piss off Tetsuo, man.


We need spice. We need to find out about this merchant guy.


I've got nine charges left on Cabal, baby.


Is it an actual cove?


Cool. I look back, and do this.


And check out these awesome Dread shirts, you guys! They're in the store. Aren't they awesome?


How far above our position is that smaller entrance-- (noise of hissing gas)


Wow, that was so inspiring. 15.


Yeah. But while we're looking that up, I'm basically going to pull my gun, I'm going to fire four times into the face of that awful, awful screaming bastard.


Well, I'm not a kid, but still works. Abducted. Abducted me and brought me home. Paid someone to do it.


Oh yeah, I will buy you a drink if you tell me how your eyeball went missing!


30? You said 20.


I want to take short rest.


I purchased it myself. With my money, that--


It's the best thing.


Okay. Here's the question  does the potion also get my bonus?


(roaring) Get off of me!


Welcome back, big guy.


(calls out) I've got 6,500 gold to spend and I mean to spend quite a bit of it.


Burial shroud?


It's totally whippets.


They were eaten by harpies.


What wands? The Wand of Smiles?


I just see a lot of swirls.


I'll just stay put.


In a way, the cover of a book is kind of like a door.


Oh, you're right! It's forever. It's a little muffled.


Nott, are you okay?


It's in my head!


As soon as I hear that noise, Fireball.


What's the closest pub here?


Who did this?


We'll see what you put together, and we'll definitely talk about what this is worth in the morning. And if you have anything unusual that you put together, if you have a signature blend of any kind, I'm always interested in people who are excited to experiment.


Do I get with advantage because of the mantle or no?


We were not there.


I'm going to hit him again with another needle arrow.


15 teeth--


I'm getting itchy. Can we just go to the Take please?


Boss. Total boss moment.


No. I doubt that's what it is.


Have we killed any of the gnolls-gnolls?


You've got one job.


We stood around and looked at a proof of this about a week ago, and I might have gotten a little verklempt. It is really special. So keep your eyes open for it. Oh yeah, one last thing. To keep up to date, I'm sure we'll talk more about it, but you can visit geekandsundry.com/artbook to sign up for email updates and book previews, so do so.


I let Grog look through the scope.


All right. That misses. I'm going to take a run behind and hide behind that rock outcropping.


I'll take all that. How much is that?


Nonlethal!


(Keanu Reeves as Johnny Utah impression) He's not coming back.


You would, though. You would.


Is that where we should go?


I'm blind! It's very hot!


Yeah, it's a reaction.


We're going to check it out. We won't do anything untoward.


It's minus.


Like Phantom of the Opera.


Yeah, with holy arrows.


Feel free to dive through the bag for anything you need.


We're just going to walk up to the guards and say we're here to dismantle the "robit," right?


I'm doing my Disguise spell and keeping it up the whole time.


The helmet is worth more than you'll ever see in your life. I don't think that's a fair wager against your cup.


I don't know what the Fifth Edition rules are--


Aren't those the same kind--


Old dude hit hard.


--wonderful. No, no! Don't 'aww'. They were wonderfully smart and engaging, but my best friends were the books I read.


Whisper, the blade.


Sure we did.


You can teach him the art of nerd chic, Percy.


Am I on the cliff?


Is there any other entrances or anything else around?


Okay, which one is the flattest? This one. It's got a rose on it.


Anna, shut. Up.


That's good. That's good.


Cheese.


He's all clean right now. Pumat Sol cleaned him up.


Can you do that ritual on the cart as we drive away?


Pretty drunk.


Get your tinker toy.


We should get some damn hats.


God, you're making me agree with her.


Was that the bonus attack? Or was that my main attack?


Where's Ogden?


Bouldergut was in the back, though.


Does the guild give you money for..?


I have a shield.


Do I get a nice view?


Well, I don't have it.


Are we talking about General Krieg's house, or are we talking about the guy that we first came into his house in Emon, remember? The diplomat.


I want Meese's Meanutmutter Mubs! (laughter)


Well, bonus action is Vow of Enmity.


Such a good burn.


Okay, good. Well, I don't need it because I'm going to Conjure Barrage a cone at them all once he's Hunter's Marked.


It's just a misunderstanding. I'm sure he's a lovely gentleman.


(crow sounds)


Should we go get some potions so we can heal up?


Nope, I don't see shit.


Let me do a quick lap around the ruins and see if I see anything that jumps out at me.


Finish getting angry at Sam. Here we go.


I did Keyleth. I should point out that all of these are signed and numbered by the artist.


Marion Darrington.


Oh, yeah, that makes sense.


Lots of gold.


I'm going to put some pressure on the ice with my foot. Is it giving, or is it not giving?


Jonas and Lucas, very good names.


Is it a visual spell?


People call him Chode.


And I miss.


Beau's holding onto a lead line.


What are you playing with over there? Seemed really intent on whatever it was.


Would certainly put you in the good graces of the Cinder King.


That's Magic  the Gathering.


Okay, bonus action. Who am I near? Am I near Keyleth? Can I inspire Keyleth? Is she close enough to me?


There's a fight club! You guys, it's a fucking fight club!


Take it.


I take them off.


Three days new? Or-- Forget it, I don't actually want to know the answer.


So he's basically wanting to raise a giant zombie titan full of zombie cannibal dwarves, and then they'll poo them out to fight other people.


Go for the brain.


Are we going to walk there? Should we get horses?


Is it burny?


How are we absolved yet we still have to be locked in this inn?


That's assuming a lot.


Archibald? Is that his name?


It's not as ridiculous as you think.


Smarter, handsomer, more stealthy--


It says the next time you hit with a melee weapon attack during the spell's duration your attack deals an extra 1d6.


Oh, I'm sure it's terrible. Hold on a second.


It's on the cover of a book.


I need more wine. Do you think he was just making himself at home, or do you think he was looking for something?


Eight point eight?


It's now frightened of Pike until the end of her next turn.


Is there one with three lines, or are there any more areas we saw a reflection?


We'll eventually need a bath and we'll find her again.


I have rope, so I could tie the rope around the javelin, (shoonk!), and pull him off the wall.


A recent campsite?


Does the DM get to keep the ticket if you spend it? Is the question.


We're down all of our laser pointers.


Of course, darling. I didn't catch your name.


Do you think they just want domination over people? Over us? They called us ants!


Well, Caduceus.


Oh. There's more. A few more at least. So. Yes.


It's terrifying.


Yeah, I mean, he's particularly brainy. You guys have a lot in common.


Should we leave someone back to protect the horses?


Yeah, let's try to prepare better.


Tanya.


Fresh fish!


No, she's path of the zealot.


All right, I'll hold on a moment.


Yeah, teleport, right?


Did we take a long rest or just a short rest?


28?


Yes, it is.


I'm flexing the wings out and around, and I'm making a feather bed with the ends of the wings on the ground and laying Velora down on it.


Immune to grapple.


I would like to find one of those people who was dressed like they came from that library that I saw that day with Beauregard.


Ooh! I lower it by 14 points.


Are all these doors so far the same? They are loose?


Tell you what, if I see it, I'll call out. What's your name?


Can we even say that these people are in--


Oh, it was a one, but it's a 37 now.


I've climbed up on those things, and I'm swinging back and forth on the ropes and the hooks on the main mast, wind in my hair.


I'm going to try this. I haven't tried this yet. I'm going to hold up the moon card, and I'm going to try and do a sleight of hand trick and flip it to one of my little moon trinkets, moon baubles.


That's really all I've got. I can't start working on these locks at all, can I?


Shit. That's cocked.


What was his actual name?


Hang out in Whitestone for the day.


Should I try flying down there with the broom?


You guys do the scout, we'll heal?


No, don't fucking compromise everything!


Did he get worried when we said we were going to take a look at it one more time?


Can I ask a retroactive question? Caleb, and maybe Beauregard, read all of Siff's journal?


How many? I've got five here.


You have an extra action. Yeah.


Are we going to go into the bowl?


What just happened? Where did Fjord just go?


Welcome to your yurt.


Well, I don't know she's there. I don't know what's grabbing me.


I'll see about that. I'm going to check the door.


You have a one with the stand.


Maybe we should fan out a bit.


These spells are all still new to me. Oh, that's a big one.


This is Allura and Kima who are here?


I have to come with you.


Can someone fly us in some water for the DM?


It seems rather old, this portal.


What does Clarota want to do?


What are the odds? Pretty slim.


Yeah. It can grab us from there.


Oh, that's right, I put the regular hand-- did we?


Shall we go find out?


Very good for armor.


That's better!


I am going to send a little time working on a couple things for the fort when we get back. Netting ammo for the trebuchet, just a sketch. To start to design a very simple bolo for the trebuchet.


You better promise.


When he was in the gaseous form.


That's unfortunate. I mean, it's great. Did kids make fun-- never mind.


Lost. Okay...


Well, Schmidt can't see shit, but Frumpkin-- can my cat see in the dark? I would know that. I don't know.


Look at him winding up. This is awful.


Look. This ring is perfect for you. That way if we get near water you don't go in it.


Jeez Louise.


Are you guys doing a play?


A toast? We're toasting? At a time like this?


We literally cut the head off Barney and shoved it in her face. (singsong) I love you.


All of this are great points, but I'm waiting for another idea.


It's not great for me either. Six.


Same. Holding on desperately.


I know. Some guys are just lucky. (laughter)


When?


If we're rested, are we going to set off again?


Blink-blink!


Okay. All right. I'm just going to stand next to Caleb, away from this guy.


You're very good at this.


What species?


It's also possible that we'll return and years have gone by and Vecna is already a god.


No, they got separated. But we don't know yet.


I'm impressed that you stuck to taking a guy's money in a training game.


Only this one strand is this color and everything else is white and translucent, whatever--


(whispers) How do we know when it's evening here?


I found, like a, it might be a roof or--


I tried to get Ulog to stay and he didn't listen.


I spend all my time with that book.


They completely keep their composure.


(biting noise)


I'll give advantage.


Attack what?


Let's use that save point.


That doesn't seem really--


I guess three ladies.


Shut up, Percy. I'm not from here, clearly.


Great. Okay, so I'm going to attack him again but in his neck. Oh, that's good. That probably hits. 18 plus 14.


Right. You mentioned it being hungry. What does it hunger for?


Team Clarence and Team Kima-gibbler.


And now you want to abandon her?


And do what? Convince him to come back?


War is a great time for opportunity, my friend.


Cla-ro-ta?


(counting) 16 points.


Yes, you did. Good job, Jester!


Come see me tonight at the carnival! I'm really good!


No, but I thought I could wait in the back of the throne room, out of earshot.


Is Scanlan singing?


And you think you do?


That nothing is in!


Vorugal will come when we make a noise. He'll come over here.


Yeah, theoretically.


Real soon.


It is painfully true, in my case. And I tell Frumpkin to start drinking milk.


We had this discussion at one point. We decided that this longsword was a finesse weapon. Or it could be used as a finesse weapon.


Okay. And it's on the other side of the force?


Are we under them? Are we under them?


I did. I don't know, maybe I shouldn't have done it. I just wanted to make sure that they were okay. Maybe that wasn't a good idea.


(in odd accent) Duergar, some duergar walked down the passageway while you were sleeping.


I cast Game Over. 20th-level spell.


Whoever can do the most damage with one attack should go first.


That's true, we have lots of rats. We have many creatures.


"I'm sick of you people pushing me around--"


Okay, all hit!


I'm gonna kill him. (all laugh)


Good evening, madam.


Yeah, remember you rolled shit?


It felt like that. It's all bright and more meaningful than it should be. There was just nothing. I was practically catatonic; I was barely speaking.


We all know what that experience is like.


I would much prefer if it was actually a leather thong that you had to put on in order to get the Mage Armor.


It's a fire elemental.


You know, that's fine.


Roll intimidation.


You're an asshole, Sondur.


No reactions from Molly here.


I'll take Water-Closet.


That's great, yeah.


(copying Marisha) Lalittle lilittle li-- A little pixie.


Wait, I want a hit! It's not going to go well.


I think that's all, yes.


Oh, use an object, not an item. I can't use my ring or anything, right?


I want some stuff.


Sure. That's a 40.


Would I know anything else?


We are dressed like guards. Where are we? Are we on the outside of the cellar or are we down?


Can we just do 20 feet up?


Oh, it's better than the Pearl of Power!


I'm down as well, but--


Another hallway.


Is there a time when they change?


We could finish the watch that we didn't really finish.


Okay, in that case, I'm going to grab my sword and start hacking at him.


-- and the lure that I had was really shiny and sparkly, like fish love sparkly things in the water. And I'm just noticing now that you are really shiny and sparkly kind of all over.


Can I try for Intimidating Presence?


I'm just rubbing my wrists.


I am burnt out on all my higher-level spells.


The next one is 14.


Nice. Watch me knock this out of the park.


Better figure out what I'm going to do!


It works. It works! I'm holding it above the water.


Ow, jeez, oh my God. There's like-- There was like a little twinge.


All right. I'll make do, and we'll have to adjust our living standards, that's all.


Tary--


Nothing strange.


You hear music?


I don't know. Can we ask him? How do we know when it's evening here? Does it get dark?


That is really kind of you, Grog.


Can you put it so that the people can see?


You know exactly what.


So if you guys play Gears of War competitively, come out and fight and then see me while I'm there.


I think he got food poisoning from the finger food at the gala. You should never trust that shit.


I really don't. Whoever that was came to that end, and I want nothing to do with that. Whatever it was, it doesn't feel good when I-- the moment when something creeps through, I don't like it. I don't want anything to do with it. I was happy! I liked the circus! The circus was great!


I rolled a three, so that's three hours.


How they access the gate.


Investigation, you said?


The booze?


Too much. I'll need to be plied with many drinks.


I'll give it to you before we go.


All right, here you go. You know, it never runs out.


Well, we can dance while setting up for the Q&A.


All right, but I thought we were killing somebody in this house.


Oh, cold! That's good.


As far as you can tell he thinks he's telling the truth.


I may join you in that, if that's all right.


Oh wow, I do smell it now. Yeah, that's nice.


(yelling) Sylas!


I am excited by this plan.


With no one to protect it?


Double unos. Five points of damage!


What's illusion magic?


Keep your voice down!


Oh, you know what, and I take out my old wooden music box that I discovered.


Can I check the Titanstone Knuckles? Have they changed now that I've kicked a friend in the face?


This is a really good piano.


Darkness.


Do I get anything for having my protection from fire?


He's my twin brother.


They do glide.


I don't know, how do you fight a gelatinous cube?


Okay. Is she old or young? I can't remember.


Arkhan?


If you squeeze and twist, you can make it stand up again and you can make the arms move.


Blow everything you've got. Blow it. He's leaving. Unleash.


Okay. I'm going to sneak up and peak through the curtain.


Oh, good question.


I love you very much, so thank you for this, okay?


Okay, here's my idea. We've got that immovable rod.


Oh, did I fully heal?


All right, this guy can obviously play heavy. Reckless, great weapon master, can I make the first attack, I'm going to try for the first time--


Directly down. Doing this as I go.


Tiffany's ship.


It's my friend.


Smash it!


Do we have anything that can negate the magic or--


That was a princely sum you just wagered with there.


When you're an adventurer, you have to learn to live with a certain amount of bloodshed around you, and I think what Greg has told me today--what he has taught me was to toughen me up. And I appreciate him for that and I appreciate the lesson. And I appreciate you all for sending me out with him, knowing full well that that would happen.


The succubus. And that thing with the bones.


Can I say my bonus I move my Hex over to him?


Let's not question this.


I have been an admirer of your ability to disappear. We could use that talent now if you thought you could get up close and strike without being detected. None of us--


I can't get the handle through the crack in the door.


No, no, I didn't know what to do. She looked like a deer in the headlights.


All right. With a couple of provisions here, all right? One: you cannot say shit while you're doing this.


Oh, good! I like it!


Wait, wait, wait. Grog, do we still have that helmet, that pot that you wore on your head, in the Bag of Holding?


So studious.


Very appropriate.


Bugs or bugs. I cast black light.


I use my 30 feet of speed to run this way, southeast.


There's a 30-second lag.


He rolled a natural 20.


And I would like to use reckless attack on my first of all three great weapon master.


The dreams?


No, we're going with you, yeah.


I agree. And this engraving is a reminder that every time I attack, it's not out of vengeance.


That's not Grog! We're going to toward a monster!


So nervous.


Wow, he's really shook up.


As I said last week, the Waterdeep  Dragon Heist is now available on D&D Beyond. As Max said last week. They'll guide your Waterdeep campaign from levels one to five. After that, explore the legendary Undermountain Dungeon below the city with Waterdeep: Dungeon of the Mad Mage for levels five through 20! Waterdeep: Dungeon of the Mad Mage is available for pre-order on D&D Beyond and will release November 2nd. Now, because D&D Beyond is such a generous sponsor of this show, Laura, I wanted to show the audience some of what we do with that sponsorship money. We take it and we turn it into this amazing studio which has amazing equipment and after effects and editing suites and cool special effects, so we put together a really cool ad for them using all the equipment, and if you guys would turn to the monitor and see what we made.


Currently.


The whole shebang-- make sound, it smells, the whole thing.


Your trolls can't save you.


Rocks?


D&D Beyond! Thanks to D&D Beyond for sponsoring and helping out with the live show. Your sponsorship dollars will help our cast pay for the therapy they need after seeing my junk so close and personal. It's been a while since Travis and Laura were here, and this is their first show at the new studio. So D&D Beyond wanted me to bring them up to speed, to catch them up with things, with all things CR. Here is your update, you might want to take notes: Laura, the new wifi password is "DallasSux" with an "x." Travis, we rented out your parking spot to Brian Foster. The cardboard box he lives in will be parked there until September 15th.


That's 29.


I don't speak the shit. So, bats!


Aw, you see it was like, (strains) no, fuck you.


I'm following him.


We're in the Wharf.


I suppose that's fair.


That was very nice of you, thank you.


Thank you, Grog. Percival, this is your kingdom, so if you--


I mean, I can teach you, if you want.


I've been working really hard. That was five minutes of the most concentration I've ever given to one thing in my life. Thanks.


Let's just very gently - we don't know what that is yet, so let's very gently get you out of the orb's influence, and then we'll remove it out of the orb's influence, and we'll see if there's a problem.


All right. You don't want us staying here, I suppose? We should scoot out so that we can't be traced back to you?


Will the hat let me choose who I look like?


It's alcohol one way or the other. I'll fucking drink.


Rupees!


Oh yeah. In fact, we should probably take the carpet back now that Grog has the Bag of Holding.


Well, let's go up there and check it out.


There were fucking dragons, Tary!


How about now?


No, I didn't.


Who wants to talk? Scanlan? You're so charismatic.


He's been training!


Yeah, so we could get hit! Now I'm more protected than you are!


Just says, "found someone special."


But we're not rested!


Yeah, it's like how you have to buy something to use the restroom.


I'm so sorry. I said that out loud. Goddamn it.


So I can touch him now.


Wait, we're going to get cash and come back?


I'm not complaining, I very much approve. Feels like old us.


He is falling. Fly!


That was a very long pause.


Oh. It worked! I think it worked!


Throwing it out there to see, I don’t know.


Plus bless!


Can I hang out outside? I want to keep my eye on the skies.


Wilderness is your favored terrain.


We want to rush? You want to rush? Let's take it slow and we're going to get to the swamp just as the sun is going down if we rush, and that is full of nasty things, I'm sure.


And that's where the sneak attack damage is, right?


Oh god. I miss Pass Without a Trace so much.


Are you friends with the big tree? How can we help?


Thank you for being a friend.


You're out of paper?


Towards the campsite?


I can hear you.


I was about to say, I don't need much.


This thing won't stop!


Certain sizes are?


Is that why--? Is it a sleep thing?


Is it floating, like a gravitational state?


Hello, hi, greetings, good day, good afternoon, don't mind them, they're my friends! Hahahaha!


I bet we can ask the guy downstairs.


That's the other guys.


Is it super heavy?


Come on, Grog. Snap out of it.


I'm going to let him out of the Pokéball before we get him out!


What figures?


We're moving-- But we should probably, I don't know, stealth? I don't know what would be alive down here, but there might be undead. Actually, can I take a moment and use Primeval Awareness and sense if there's any undead entities around, any ghostly or undead zombies? Anything undead?


Oh my god, yes. Wait, wait, if I pull it out of the sheath to talk to it-- can I talk to it through the sheath?


This is how I know you're lying, because if I had written that down, you wouldn't have thrown it away. That's ridiculous.


They were already gone when you passed out. Go back to sleep. Is he always like this?


You'll go away-- huh?


If Mr. Wizard can do it, you can do it.


Do you have a tip jar?


Jesus, I don't think we've ever seen anything this hard.


I'm working it out. The second one, 14, then another six for 20. Necrotic on the last, yeah.


Can she help try to get the ship to move more?


See if he wants box seats or something?


Yeah, living language; we decide.


I know. If I could, you seem so anxious. When was the last time the item was in your possession? I'm so excited to reunite you with it. I feel like if you tell us your story, we'll share in that sense of triumph.


I hired someone to help run the-- my workshop.


Yeah, yeah. I don't have any way to make fire, but I'll take it. Definitely in my shirt now.


Three-quarters cover, what does that mean in this crazy world? I'm going to burn a grit for advantage and shoot one of them.


Oh. That's disgusting.


Yeah, you have one, don't you?


The higher one was a four?


Ooh! [cheering]


Hell yes! Oh my god!


This table, man.


She rolled six sixes.


Maybe you'll freeze it.


So when I mean as long as I want, I mean, long enough to where I've never had to really think about it before now.


We should just go knock on the door. (laughter)


I feel like we all grew as people.


Amazing! So accurate.


You have Hunter's Mark.


I start slowly releasing people from the pods.


Fancypants. 20 gold. There you are.


And regardless there's a genie, so.


Oh, I have one.


So we should probably get going.


Plus Hex.


The effort is all I ask for. We're a clever group. Surely we can survey, come up with a plan, try something. If we fail, we fail, and we'll move on with our objective. I can't leave here without trying.


Oh my god. I stand up and I give Zahra a giant hug.


Second one is a 27. Third is a 29, so they all hit.


Ain't you pretty?


I said tracks, I'm not looking for traps, we're in the sewer. Tracks.


Here's the precious research you were looking for.


That's eight Frumpkins.


Nott, I have limitations. I can do many things like you--


You've made some bad decisions, haven't you?


So you said there was dirt? All right, let's dig a little bit of a hole real quick. So we dig a hole ten feet down.


Are you dead?


Oh jeez, that's all--


Once a day.


Don't worry? What?


Have fun dealing with the dick.


(gong noise)


All right. All right. Maybe it's all about love! And I try and give him a bear hug!


I am the greatest rogue alive! I will go try and disarm that trap. Well, with my Mage Hand.


Amicable, amiable. All right, I'll talk to a tree. That's what I'm going to do.


That would be amazing, though. I mean healing potions are nice, but we need someone who can-- we get killed a lot or nearly, you know?


All right, that's not entirely true. It's a vague memory. I don't really remember it. It's kind of all jumbled. It's what I've been told, about some of it.


(laughs) Oh no. Oh no.


Wait, what do you mean that's my action?


And it's signed--


He looks content. Happy, even.


Yeah, because I have two levels of brutal critical.


But mostly because I fear her.


Okay, what are we, what's our plan here, Grog?


You just got a cure for cancer, and you gave it away?


Who could have predicted this? [music] Marius is just standing there, held by a goblin, going, "Ah!"


When do you get to the loot, though?


Yeah. We rose through the ranks and it was the Empire over all, and eventually, he wanted to test our allegiance, so strangers were brought in-- traitors. Disgusting people, traitors to this empire, and we killed them.


East guard?


What was under that blanket?


Pike's necklace goes, meh?


And I take Keyleth's hand and pull her after me.


I'm going to try and motion everyone to follow me in a circle around the city and then back out the front gate.


That's so clever. Clever girl.


No. God, no.


Wait, everybody. Be cool. (laughter)


Wrap your hands.


I only have a few 1st-level spells. I'm pumping a 1st-level divine smite, so we're going 2d8 for level one, 1d8 for undead. Okay. 2d8 for my axe.


Put it in the Bag of Holding and give the Bag of Holding to Pike.


That was 12 plus... 19.


I hate you so much.


It doesn't matter if it's going to be daylight if we're underground.


Bonus action. I'll shoot him again.


Stop the game! What's the drawing? Hold it up.


Dex saving throw. 16.


Any boat.


I'm going to do my Wave Kick. That's just something he's always wanted to try, he doesn't know if it'll work. It's where he does a full-body-- and then his foot kicks him right in the groin.


No but I was just thinking about-- because I did use the Thunderwave.


Are there a lot of other soldiers still in the camp, or did we--


He's really a rotten guy. (sighs) He does these unfair deals-- nobody knows about them but me, and I tried to tell him to play on the up and up but he's just a liar and a cheat.


Can I whisper in Draconic? Lockheed! And whatever the word is for "Come to me."


Not again!


Mine's connected to yours. Wherever you go, I go. Unless it's, you know--


We can't just take an hour?


Ooh, I got a five.


We'll stop when we see somewhere that seems advantageous.


This is his place.


You realize your lord would not be alive now were it not for us, don't you?


I'm okay at surviving.


Tary, I am an assassin of the highest caliber.


Yeah, we need to keep going up. Oh, somebody needs to heal Scanlan.


I don't know how to play this game.


Already sass!


Craven Edge is on the ground, right?


The giant reflective piece of metal?


I go upstairs to cast "Find Familiar".


She went to public school!


What if we find a dead body and bring it back?


I've heard about it from somewhere else.


Yay! Okay, so the second guy is another 18.


Thank you, as well.


How often are you in the Feywild? It's like going to Philadelphia and not eating a cheesesteak.


(nerdy voice) Oh, the weapon's within five feet.


Can I Blight and then back out? Back through the window?


Okay, we’re going to Dimension Door out.


Hey, do you want to get out of here?


No, I can see him just fine.


I'm going to walk up to my sister and take her hand and squeeze it as hard as I can, and just walk forward with her.


Grody things.


It was just a dude!


Mandrakes?


Use those dice, use those dice.


Vouk?


Yeah! Why a hundred feet? Why not 20 feet? Why not 30 feet?


You take it with you and you can zoom back to wherever you left it.


That's it. I'll say, (singing) You are not throwing away your shot, you are not throwing away your shot, you're just like your sister, you're young, brooding and hungry, and you're not throwing away your shot. (laughter)


Well I was just thinking, for this evening, maybe we should double-check there aren't alternate exits coming in and out of that cellar.


So proud! So proud!


I'm going to look for what looks like an office. For whatever door seems most inconvenient.


You know what we can do, is we can make the magic mansion in that cave off to the side, in the very back of it.


Well, do they know Percy's among us?


I'm on this guy's chest, by the way, and he goes down, and it's landing on the ground, I love what you do! (laughter)


Past-- you said it goes now straight that way?


That’s, 16, 17, 18, 19... 25?


It's hard to remember because it's been such a long time since you said it.


Yes, we are interesting.


I'm now in Keyleth form.


Cool. I'm going to also try and do non-lethal damage and knock him on the head.


Actually, I can learn Heat Metal and I can heat the beam and make it (clicks her tongue) beam.


That's really big, yeah. You already have a lot on your plate.


He just-- (mimics snorting cocaine)


All right. Then I do something else. 1d8. Right?


Hey, that's a classic.


Are you alert? Do you have Alert? Is that what it is?


Again, I don't get days. Why don't we just make that tree open up?


The siege arrow that Percy gave me, is that a magical weapon or a technical weapon?


"Look at you" is always the worst. Look at you!


That's really good. This one, sure. Why not.


(laughs) Yeah. That ends well.


It takes the edge off.


21? No, 22.


This is their 'build' theme.


Where.


This is suddenly turning into Labyrinth. "Beyond the Goblin city..."


Yeah, why don't you go walk down the hallway?


Is that your new nickname?


They are truly great.


I go up, I put my arms around him and, if he'll let me, I'll kiss him on the cheek.


You never told us that. You always talked about bloodlines and legacies and the Darrington name. But you never told us you were proud. You never comforted us. You never cared what I wanted to do or who I wanted to be. I'm cursed with this name now, Darrington. You've sullied our name by enforcing these taxes and just being an asshole to everyone around our whole city, and now I have to live with it or marry this girl to save it. Listen, I'm sorry I left, and I'm sorry I took all of that gold. I did not know it was everything. But what you're asking me is-- I'll need to think. I'm sorry.


But rather force them to help rebuild the place that they helped destroy.


I hate spiders.


So he's hiding?


And then I go, Fassbender, high-five. Yeah.


Is he prone?


You're so early tonight.


And that titan has stopped moving.


I'm still cuddling him.


Quietly.


This is true. I've heard of these frumpkins. I'm just kidding; I don't know what that is.


Yes. None of your business at the moment. Tell us your business.


We're tweeting pictures of our dice and our things so everyone can see now.


This is chapter three?


I have some thing.


This is an important thing we need to remember. As we're doing all this, let's just assume that we're us and this'll all go tits-up real quick. We're going to be a fucking long way away from you before we can come to help.


Do tell, motherfucker.


Up close sucks.


Well, I want to know in case they're going to come try to kill you and kill me by accident.


I am going to be way ahead, behind these bushes, because what I'm going to contribute I can do from far away and I can be knocked down like that, so.


Oh, he wants arms, right. It's a Ring of Protection. That's cool.


With my bonus action can I make it a frenzied rage?


I think I'm the oldest.


It's pretty big, but I mean, I'm from the south, anyway.


Should we control it, or--


Challenge accepted. (satisfied grunt)


Let's head to her room.


Yeah. Action to fix a broken gun. Let's try it again without the sharpshooter bonus. Better! 20 to hit.


A werebear.


She's going to try it sooner or later, you know.


You know them better than anyone.


And there's the spa under that.


We've heard good things.


Looks like you're writing a letter!


Now that we're together.


We should still call the werewolves.


I'm going to give it a little zing and see what I get.


And with that, I do Inspiring Leader, my newest feat since I'm a leader. (laughter)


This is a lot of drink that I seem to have taken on.


Yeah, no. I don't find anything.


Short rest, short rest.


Oh man. That was a ten.


Can we steer them away from the area where we ran into those basilisks?


I did learn Dispel Magic, but--


We've practiced this, I turn.


Sounds like a horrifying idea.


Do I? No, I don't. I looked it up today, yo. I don't get shit on attacks for him because we transferred over from Pathfinder. All I can do is talk to him.


That feels like that might be a trap.


Arm wrestle.


We're leaving a bag of gold in a trash receptacle?


The Slayer's Take should know. They've got contracts everywhere.


Oh, well, yes, I'm convinced. We should definitely just march up to the estate.


When you cast Light, do you get to control the amount of light, or is it just--


Well, I also thought we were going to the Reserve and now we're in the library.


Yeah, they have it in order as to what we're sitting.


(sings) Ahh!


All.


Decades could be 20 years.


You have no choice?


That was seriously awesome!


Well, we're going to have to if we leave the city, anyway.


When else are we going to know for sure?


You're a lot stronger than you look.


So happy about it.


Yeah, as we were landing, the gashes all over Vax's face started to heal up a little bit, but not all the way. Then suddenly they went even further.


And can I, can I like--


The little gingers come back out.


Ooh, they're antique.


(singsong) Go to sleep, little tiefling.


Everybody was a hit job with-- everybody. Nobody made it out clean from that place.


Should I roll two for attack?


Yeah. He was at the Leaky Tap, right? We left him there?


Yeah. I just go to sleep and I'll take a shower in the morning.


I'm going to collapse in a corner for a minute and start using my ascot to clean some of the gore off my weapon and my clothing and my mask.


I'm back for a little bit.


The chair was really big. I mean, anybody's tall to us.


You hit a creature from inside of it--


Okay. I'm going to take the remaining of my turn. Oh shit, I actually didn't want to move. It's okay. I'm going to turn into an earth elemental.


Well, why don't you take it?


I feel so popular!


Do we see any other orbs around?


Grog! And I take off running to his room.


Don't do it, Percy.


All right. She seems a bit drunk already or something.


Yes! 39.


We're good. We've still got to camp for the night, right?


Use the boots.


New episode! Whoa, you guys! New episode of Handbooker Helper, and it's Liam, giving you the first quick-build on how to build a rogue. Also, super quick, to address all the people who are a little confused why we went from dice basics to character sheets: we're wanting to show that we're going to be doing a little bit of everything. We're going to be rolling out tips while we also build out character stuff. That way we can get newbies playing as quickly as possible, because in our experience, the first thing you do is push over a character sheet to somebody.


I'm going to go investigate-- not the hydra, the creature that I killed.


Where'd you just pull that from?


Actually, if it's all the same I'm not really an ale fan. Do you have any fire whiskey?


So yes, and we'll probably also go ahead and throw in a Critical Role signed picture as well with this. What you have to do is tweet @EspionageMakeup, is their twitter, @EspionageMakeup and #CriticalRole, and tell them what your favorite character is from Critical Role and who your favorite nail wraps are today and then we'll pick at half-time a winner.


Does it go over your whole head?


So while he was transparent, they saw through him?


You can see me, though whether or not you want to inspire me at this point is definitely debatable.


I don't know if this is going to work!


Can I use my Hunter's Mark to find out where she is and then we rest and go there?


I'll join you in that. That was my next plan.


You guys-- You and you will be hauling ass away from the charging horde--


I have my gun in my hand, by the way. And my mask on.


I'm going to drop my sword.


Out?


Is it on the ground floor? Or does it feel like it's above us?


Rakasha!


Can I insight check him and make sure? I just don't trust anyone.


It’s all going so fast.


Vex is so into showing people our city.


You didn't kill anyone, did you?


What's the nearest building? Is there one building that's closest to where we came through the tunnel?


I think he's lighting the set on fire.


25 points of damage. And that's 29. Hits?


Yeah! Yeah. We went and lost our collective damn minds for a second year in a row and at GenCon this year, we gon' be doing Critical Role live once again! It's coming back. Second year. This time it will be Friday August 18th, at the Murat Theater at Old National Center. It's going to be broadcast on both Twitch and Alpha, and we're going to have general admission seats and VIP package seats which will be the first like, few rows of the theater. You guys'll get like, a whole hour show before the actual show starts, so you'll get early admission. Brian Foster from Talks Machina will be in there.


All right, I guess we'll keep going.


Or just inside of it?


We know of two places to go to up near the something mountains. Zenwick Mountains?


Imagine what that'll look like when your hair is down, too, because it'll be like blue all over the top and all mixed in everywhere.


I thought that was Conjure Fae.


Oh good. Hi. You look nice.


Just a purple tiefling.


Are there any trees that we can see as we're walking?


You know I've forged all of our documents? You are aware of that, right? Any time we've needed papers.


We'll sneak on in through the sewers?


Dig. Dig. Dig, dig, dig.


Wait, I'm so sorry, how far out is the acid room from where we are right now?


We have to make sure that we can get out immediately, and we also have to agree that if things start looking too iffy, we run.


She does that sometimes. I'm sure it's nothing.


Got you. I will do that.


That's true, this one has been plundered.


So 5d10?


You've got inspiration still.


Back behind a wall.


Here. I'm going to make sure that that's finalized with the correct spelling.


Yeah. Natural 20.


Okay, and this is probably not Sneak Attack at this point, or is it? I don't know.


Two Vestiges, an army of 40 barbarians.


Dag, yo!


I have a charcuterie board coming to the girls' room, if anybody wants any.


You said dex save? Dex save?


Let's go to, is there a market area?


At least you weren't looking in it.


How is it working? What are you guys doing?


No, sorry, six plus four. Ten.


Didn't we say we were going to do it?!


Okay, I have low hit points. I'll do it on myself. 15?


Are we all here? Caleb, are you here?


Well, here's the thing. I have read this book and loved it, and if you would like to purchase it for the low, low price of one gold, you can sell it again. You sold it to me for three. You have it back for one. You can turn a profit.


I put my finger in his ear.


Oh, yeah. 2d12.


Roof snipers.


Still no hand-grenade.


Yeah, but that was a year ago. I'm over that sentiment.


I'm going to cast Bless on myself--


Neither do I.


I think they thought it was him.


Knock knock!


Jesus, I don't like rats, but I'll keep it. Okay.


Can you sense Vecna?


Wait, they're all here. Here's an eight.


Jesus. Please. Oh! It's 30.


There was an instructables involved in this. This is just really-- we're doomed.


I rolled an investigation check ten minutes ago at disadvantage and the lower is a 27. My investigation is plus eight. I'm smart--


It's going to be my woobie.


Yeah, I'm good. Break time over.


Scanlan, get out of here, I'm naked.


I'll wait until she has looked, and then I'll take a look.


I want to walk back to them.


Lock the door!


What was the third one, though?


Yeah, I've got a scythe. A sickle.


Including casting a spell?


And bamf up into the sky on my broom.


But he's gone prone.


And we didn't see anybody it fed on.


Right, let's go to Pumat's.


We all have at least the one superior from the brass dragon.


That's fair, that's fair.


Do I know anyplace that's near?


Give credit to the whole damn group, move on.


I definitely feel like I've learned-- I think I need to pass out.


No, that was wrong. 23.


I'm doing a really bad job. I have a package probably here anyway, so I'm going to check on that. I'll let everybody else talk to you about how famous we are now.


Oh well, I was just perusing our store recently because sometimes I do that.


Have you heard of him, Mama?


(Wilhand voice) "Wine cellar!"


Or about a rosé.


Her other shoe is gonna drop, eventually. And I'm not ready for that.


Why would you?


Deuces wild.


Ohhh.


Percy's losing his shit.


Yeah. Perception all that shit down.


I would be probably be in between Fjord and Caleb.


Don't worry, I'll keep an eye out. I'll be in disguise. I'm going to cast Disguise Self on myself, turning myself into a halfling with red hair, green eyes, a hawkish nose, overalls, thinning on top, too-big shoes.


Fuck all.


(muffled) I'm trying. I'm just seeing range here.


I'm going to stay right here. I'm going to hold my turn until one of my friends is on top of this thing and then I'm going to stab it.


No, no, no! He's been doing everybody.


Hi, I'm Eric Campbell, and here at Geek & Sundry, we like to play a lot of RPGs. I've been lucky enough to run a few myself, like Doctor Who on TBD RPG, Star Trek on Shield of Tomorrow, and of course now Callisto 6. We thought it was time for us to sit down with some of our players and discuss their characters and the choices they made on a very special one night only covering Callisto 6 and Vampire: The Masquerade: LA By Night. Please join us for a night of fun insights and emotional backstories, the way only G&S can do it. I got to be honest, this feels like the laziness thing we've ever done, you know, gag wise. Would you agree with that?


She stole this.


That's okay, it was just one anyway.


Can I go and find the barkeep?


Aw, man. Low intelligence. That's a 13.


It's Nick Cage at his most mediocre.


I can bonus action fire again, or I can get off this cart of death that they're going to be swinging at pretty soon. I'll just shoot again. Oh boy. 17.


Hey man, if you've got Fireball.


Do you know where we are?


As his hair dangles beautifully in front of his face. Thinks-- (singing) I'm in another dimension!


Can we see to the other side of the room?


She might. All right.


You're unbelievable.


48 points of damage.


He works for us now.


There's no way to go any faster on this? Is there no way to go faster, Captain?


He'll be pissed? What?


Oh, thank you, it was a pleasure. I look forward to coming your way again one of these days.


I take my cloak off and put it around Toilet's head.


Yummy.


Oh! Good job, Grog! You did it!


Oh Jesus Christ, Taliesin.


I've been travelling with these fuckers for years, and I still don't understand magic.


No, I just-- no!


Is that you next to him?


And now Pike.


What about the basement way back when?


Okay, I'm going to use my feat, Cunning Action, for one extra action per turn of combat, use for either dash, disengage, or hide. So I'm going to double distance and go one... two... three, four, five-- I still can't see her-- six, maybe... seven, eight, nine, ten. Stop right here by Clarota. (over enunciating) Clarota-- Clarota! And dagger, dagger at this jerkface over here.


Is the fire halved because of the--? And what was the fire again? I'm so sorry.


As far as I know, its reaction, its single reaction--


Wait, we're still underwater, right? (garbled underwater speech)


For the forest near the Pools of--


Why are you rolling perception checks?


Umbrasyl's ghost.


Because it works on PCs and Macintosh. And that's very important because--


You know what, I don't know what to tell you. Everyone with a tail's an asshole. We got what was coming to us.


Kill all the horses first so they can't get away?


Good man.


Let's get back to the mansion.


(as Algar) Who the fuck are you?


I just turned around for a moment!


What's yo digits? Gimme those stats.


Well, they're the same for me. Same modifier. 17. Her-story!


And Greg.


Could be both.


We are enforcers of justice and saw that justice needed to be done.


Raven Queen. Just kidding! (weird caw noise)


Is your throat ticklish?


Vedmeyer. Have you seen him around the castle today, or recently?


No. Maid Marion Darrington.


Could have just gone back and bought it, but no, we want to go the expert level!


Oh my god, are they in there?


Yes, no, you should trust him with your life. He's very trustworthy.


So because you kept my secret about Craven Edge, and you never told anybody about that, right? Not one time. Never told anyone. I'm going to confide in you about this thing. I found this little deck of cards, and I was like, oh, I'm going to pull a card out! And I did, and I got a magic weapon! I could throw it and it would start fighting and stuff. But that turned to rust. And so I was like, I wanted to pull more out. But Vex was like, no, it's so dangerous!


Sondur, Syldor, they're brothers.


Because the chain devil potentially knew--


For some of us, not all of us.


Yeah. Up and over, let's go.


Do you see how easy it is? We all created a character in, like, 25 seconds!


So uncomfortable right now.


At advantage, being a half-elf.


One at a time.


Before we cross the precipice into this-- what is it, undercroft?


Peace out!


There's probably going to be a fight tomorrow.


Would have been great if Scanlan were here just to like Dominate Creature.


Also, I have another question. How far from the fence to the home?


Plus I do want to take him on an adventure.


Are we still doing our--


You look so intent.


Thank you so much! I open it up and count it.


Wow. There's Hail Marys and then there's that.


Yes. Well established.


19 and 15 to hit.


I think that we need to stay far away from this thing. I think we need to get its shield away from it.


