Oh, are we busting in?


I mean, they're pretty smart, they're like me.


They added Horshack back into the cast. That's a reference that nobody in the audience got.


What town was that then?


(tearfully) We didn't tell him to! He just did.


I'm going to move away as far as I can.


No, I'm not crying. You're crying, bear.


Onward, ho?


So Game of Thrones.


(squealing) Okay! Thank you!


You're being facetious, aren't you?


Thank you so much for having me. We've had an absolutely amazing week and-- oh, it's really nice to speak in my own accent again.


I rolled a natural 20.


No, doesn't hit.


Yeah, they're good storage boxes. Or regifting boxes.


We can Plane Shift.


Probably. But what are we going to do?


I grab a mug of ale and go  another one, right? Yeah! He's had so many!


Ghosts! Shadows!


Terrible, just awful.


Does it not work anymore? Ask for mayonnaise.


This is really nice now.


Oh, I don't know. He's just very charming.


14. Actually, no, 17, sorry.


(mumbles) Shoot an arrow, if you would, Vex, please? Wherever you wish.


Veekar.


Well, if it wouldn't be too much of an inconvenience.


Okay. And I was trying to be funny and I didn't mean to be careless with your feelings.


I'm coming downstairs.


I'm hasted. The hasted action is only a weapon attack?


I cast a Gust cantrip over top of him to keep ice from falling on him.


Yeah, shambling zombies.


Wait. Wait. Wait.


Can we call Pike through your magic poo?


(laughter) Those poor fuckers!


Okay. That's good. Plus two radiant damage.


It looks like a rock. Melt it!


A solid baker's dozen.


Are the insects really not bothering him at all?


It's going to be a pound of turmeric!


Fucking triangulation shit.


You can do it.


(warbled scream) Is that how you sound, Tary?


That's a half hour? Yeah, that was hard.


Oh right! You're so tiny right now. I keep forgetting that.


I'm up first?


Oh, those aren't good for you.


Get my lockpicks.


And I'm more than willing to be compliant with the investigation. In fact, you can see the injury the beast left on my ribs, so if you want to test it for any type of specimen samples, feel free. It's very painful, but I'm willing to do it for the cause.


How are we going to smoke him out?


I got it! I did! I rolled a 15 and a 17!


Yeah, I don't think we've ever discussed this, but is Caleb's father Crownsguard, or Empire?


Be on the lookout for eggs, giant frosty-looking eggs.


I appreciate you all counting ears, but can we deal with the kid for a minute?


Doty, take this down. As the tree split in front of me--


So there's just a big spherical ball there with nothing inside of it? Or does the creature look like it's inside of it?


She totally fell for me.


Tary, you just keep surprising me.


Have we had contact with Allura? Since returning?


It's like a cincture. Like Spanx.


We had been planning for that episode, I remember talking to Marisha. I was like, I kind of want to boost Taliesin. We were like, everybody knows who Taliesin is.


I'm going to use Bad News, then, because that is within range for my fucking sniper rifle. He's going to take that.


Gosh, plan B indeed.


Ranged attackers.


Jeez, Scanlan! You need better armor!


He has to look. He was hanging back.


I can’t see through the corner of the wall there. Is Scanlan like 10 feet away? 5 feet away?


So we're going to go to Beyond the Horizon.


I don't have any gloves.


"All right." I'm insight-checking him.


Can I just point out, not to be a jerk--


Who's this?


Will you come back? Have we tested this?


20! Oh, so close!


All right. Two, 11, 13! Plus four. So 17, 15, low.


Could Trinket do the other one? Where's Trinket?


You want to have a drink with me?


Also, do we really imagine whatever trouble they might be bringing to Pike's doorstep is something we can't handle? I mean, we've dealt with pretty terrible things. I have a hard time imagining it could be worse-- I'm not saying it's not dangerous, it should be--


That was smooth. I'm into it.


Then the other one I had was flowers for you to say sorry for that last bit.


I turn my cloak inside-out to the inconspicuous side, and case towards the docks, and start casing the area for Revelry that are guarding the area, or potentially, a good place for them to do the thing.


Little gamey?


Me and Grog got shot a few times.


Inside Matt's brain?


Do you want all of them?


Yeah, you were there.


It is one of the two horns of Orcus.


I mean, I'm unconscious.


So, magic stuffs.


(cackles) I think he was bragging at you. Good night, Caleb!


Toodle-oo shitface.


Five, I--


Okay. Can I hit back? Because I--


Oh. We don't add anything to it.


I keep doing this so I can make a jingling sound with my chains.


Oh, you don't want to know? Okay, I'll just save that for later.


That's where we just were.


Yeah. I was just trying to move things along.


Yes, what was that?


Oops, Percy died.


19 for the first. And a natural one for the second.


That would make me feel quite nice.


Okay, so I would like to rage. Ah! Just strength?


Can the guards that I'm near hear her?


It's just a pain in the ass in combat, not in out of combat.


I'm going from my current vantage point, to about seven o'clock, eight o'clock.


That's it, Pike. Pike's got it. He's definitely going to come over and talk to us now, I can feel it. We're so cool.


Oh, it's okay, we have a wonderful writer.


Growing? What? I didn't eat anything. How could my stomach be growing?


Right now?!


And I rolled a 15 for stealth, not that it probably matters anymore.


What, were you gonna give him a hug and get possessed forever?


The Wrath of the Fey Warden.


I feel that.


Are you telling me we're going to have to crawl into another monster's asshole? Is that what you're saying?


Sorry I'm late, Percy.


I don't think we have time to stop.


Oh, we're all here.


I go to Fjord. You've told us about the Halas thing?


I like knowing that because it's not there that it doesn't matter? And it helps knowing I don't think it matters for anybody. I don't care where anybody's from, it's nice. I certainly don't care where I'm from.


-- it makes my voice a little smokey when I'm down here too, right?


Unless you're a foreigner, everyone knows about Rexxentrum.


How much is that?


Centaur!


He's just locked in.


We're going to drop a quick Loaf, then go. It's always better to drop a Loaf before you go.


I have 25 hit points. I'm fine!


Yeah, we saw the statue, but we wanted to get a better look at it. We brought this gift for the Greyspines and we wanted to present it to them.


I didn't know. Where can we plug it in at?


My dex was 18, by the way.


So let's send a pigeon or something.


And you know what? I'll just abbreviate the middle part.


I burn my 8th-level spell to Plane Shift us back to Sprigg's house.


Oh. I had to make sure, you know.


I'm going to take a slashing attack at the guy right in front of me.


A level three blood hunter earth elemental.


All right. Who votes for more muscle? Let's put it to a vote.


You're gonna have me do nothing wrong?


We all trade seats and then come back really quickly.


Shit. Shit.


I'm not here. I am not here.


Can I cast it at a higher level?


Is it making my hair poof out and look stupid?


Maybe. I only got vague directions.


You did a bunch of research on Vecna. He used to be a man, right?


Up high, I see you guys up high. I see you down low. It never gets old. Fucking amazing. Great job, all of you. [cheering]


Does anyone seem to be paying attention to us?


Creepy Zahra. Well, I am a demon. All right. 11.


Give me the bones. I put the bones down. Here's a handkerchief. You'll put it over the crystal, pick up the crystal, and bring it back to us.


Go. Sausage cat!


I don't know about that, it might keep them from getting digested


What if she finds out you lied to her and judges you for that?


I am just hoping to look at books. Is that all right?


All my mirror images are like, yeah! Drink!


So do some cold stuff, like this guy.


She changed it. Did you know that siphons can be changed? It changed from one color to another.


Ready to Turn Undead.


No but it was the perfect moment!


Oh my!


Cool when there are six others, seven others. (panicked mumbling)


This doesn’t get sneak attack?


Amber eyes for the second. What about the third? I'll go over and look at the far mural.


Percy, I'm not afraid, go talk to this thing.


And that guy, I'm not sure what he is, but he looks really cool.


What is this ride? This is crazy!


Upstairs, yeah. Convene in-room.


Just pull it over here for a second.


Did he misfire again?


Oh my god, you guys are going to love him.


That dagger's so sharp, it could cut the sexual tension.


Do ranged attacks reach?


No. You have action, action, action, action, action. (laughter)


Oh man, and it's right next to me now? Oh god! Okay.


It's a lot of things.


Four episodes in February.


As I see her do this, I open the scroll of Polymorph. I do Polymorph on myself, and I turn myself into a gadfly. And follow.


"Not sweet, sweet Sally. My rear end, I'm going to miss her. What did her in?" I don't even know what the fuck--


You know Caduceus, I think there's actually merit to your plan. I'm kind of into it.


But you are behind me.


How much do they cost?


I had a funny feeling.


Wait, the core?


(spooky groaning noise)


That's going to be a 27.


That means we don't need you anymore.


How many are there?


Is it an insight to see if he's lying?


Can I pick him up and walk him back over to Gern and go: sorry.


Ooh, maybe we have to kill them and then smelt into their faces.


Ooh, yeah! Natural 19. 19.


I choked on my spit as I wooed.


I will be dead.


In front of Broad Barn.


(clears throat) Nott, I hope you will learn to trust us and rely on us like you do Caleb. We may not be as powerful as he is, or has the ability to become, but certainly we can help you. Are you worried about something or someone in particular finding you?


I am My Left Foot. Yeah, I can't reach a wand. I don't want to get rid of--


He's looking! He's finger flipping!


Hey, she's good!


Wow, it's so great.


5,000 gold pieces, I think is a fair price.


I don't remember them. When were they?


I'm so glad you had advantage on that.


Where's Yasha?


You're also really clever. Forget your spells. And funny, and it's good to have you around, so yeah, do you want to go someplace really horrible with your family, or what?


I'm coming with.


I'll load one for you. I'll give him her boomstick.


I hate that feeling!


Excellent, because I don't think I could sleep on a couch. (laughter)


It misses?


Well, yeah, I guess, I did tell you I'm angry when I sleep. I don't like being woken up, I forgot, but it would've been nice to be woken up.


I'm going to scurry up Mr. Clay and jump.


(laughs) Take the dark purple, moody one! Or I should have given you a different one.


I spit at his feet and I pull Scanlan by the ear. Come on, you shit.


Um, hold on.


So I can't even cast that on her.


Yeah, give them to me or I'll just take them while you're sleeping, easily.


What you got down there?


He's a pirate. Fucking pirates!


That can happen. That's okay.


This is bedlam, at this point.


Are you Taryon right now?


I don't think Grog can cower.


You can roll one hit die. He's rolling commando. He don't want it.


Yeah, I'll see if I can start the muck going in here and maybe get a nice little indoor terrarium, I don't know what will happen.


We did know that they were on a road headed west. Heading east. Which means if we head north and then the minute that we hit that main road start heading in that direction, we might even pass them on the way and be able to identify a horse.


Take care of our girl.


Also, if it's a tree it instantly dies.


You know, I don't think I'm very useful for what they're doing right now, so I'm just going to do a little bit of a poke around over there to see what's happening and listen. What am I going to do, shoot a gun right now?


Scanlan, you first. My plan just went up the rainbow.


All right, I'll take the gold and the bolts, and everything else I'll throw in a puddle.


Hit your head in the fall.


I'm sorry, is there a washroom here? My sister's a little drunk and managed to yak on me a bit and I would really love to wash up a bit. Anywhere nearby?


My parents were in the winery business. The wine making business. And halflings really like wine.


Meanwhile the mind flayer's saying, (gravelly voice) 'I haven't got all day.'


That's really funny. Yeah.


You're on top of me. I'm holding you!


But we didn’t get to go.


He's strong.


She said, "It's almost time; it's happening soon." Whatever he's doing it's happening soon and then he spoke to me in my vision. He said my name. He knows... She's alive.


Should we do it?


(shouts) I think she means Shadycreek Run.


He's probably back, drawing pictures of you on the city walls and crying.


Okay. Let's go back to our plane.


I'm going to remove my coat. As I've learned.


Dear, the Briarwoods aren't after us. They're after everybody. What we need is a place to stay that we know is protected.


We should go investigate.


That's fine. Yeah, I follow your lead.


Yeah. All right, I have it. I'm not going to preserve it.


Which is still a ton at this point.


Like, this is amazing, Keyleth.


I'm just going to whisper to Pike, and be like: It doesn't have any eyes! I feel like we shouldn't move!


Disposing people. I keep looking. I can't leave without a Vex.


I'm just going make sure, I'm going to push on it a bit more. I think it's okay, you're fine.


Are we? She says as she dies on the rocks.


Yeah, this door. This one here.


Spell attack is 13, plus the Bless is a d4?


Now the bottom one-- shush!


Yes, so I'm going to Hail of Thorns him.


Kerrion Stonefell. He's in one of the three-- I would assume that he's been given one of the three mansions in town.


of exhaustion as soon as we hit the deck?


I'll take a deep breath and I'll use it to pull myself chest up towards the surface.


Did they have feet or--?


No, I wasn't playing until the '90s.


Well, kill Kevdak, then.


Oh yeah. Through the tree?


Someone asked what kind of food would everyone like?


I understand legacy and responsibility and I think it's very admirable of you to recognize your place.


I put on my climbing gear, which I definitely own.


I think these are your best options  either a floating weapon that can go anywhere, or a big fog cloud, if you run up and put it on the priest, or up there. I think probably Spiritual Weapon.


What's the Abundant Terrace?


I was basically trying to let her know where I was.


It's bronze?


I'm going to think about it.


Badass! (all cheer)


They bought it and I think they're after it now, yes.


No water, though? I can't like jettison myself out of this guy's mouth? All right.


Oh shit! These are good arrows.


You could certainly try.


That's beautiful! Who made this? Did you make this?


But you can't create ice.


That came out today, so make sure to head over to the website and read that. And I know a lot of you are probably wondering about D&Diesel. Which is apparently the name, D&Diesel.


Yeah, how tall is Caduceus?


--and these other things.


First one? Man. I'll take that 12, though, for an 18 to hit?


We've gone up, right?


Okay, that's fine. I'm gonna spend my bonus action to take another shot.


With some sort of interference?


I'm picturing Grog being like (intense grunting, careful inching, intense grunting).


This is where Bryce lives, right? We should check in with Bryce.


(whispering) Oh.


Oh, absolutely.


Well, I still whelm him. That guy in front of me. I still can move into his space.


Matt, we've got a good thing going on with this glue now. Could you pass me Arkhan back?


Volume control, real important.


As long as we give him some notice, I think it will be okay.


I knew you were testing my knowledge! You're saying it wrong, you're saying it wrong. I'm not an actor, dammit! So go check that out. We're still looking for a lot of countries to have representation, so if you're overseas, go to the website, let your local retailers know about it, sign up, and get in on the fun! It's going to be a blast. We're going to have this whole building stacked to the brim with people! Board games, live streaming the whole thing. Get in on it. It's going to be a lot of fun!


It's a weird paladin spell.


Also, before Nott even got out, I'm stowing the journal away for a closer read.


So your family is trying to fix that?


40 feet off the dock.


For Percy to get there.


That's a five. (singing) Von Dienstag.


He can't stop it, he can't talk!


Oh, we're still on?


And I wrote. A lot.


8-Bit Foster!


I'll go with them. (laughter)


You're Beau. You're looking for a staff?


Can I do a religion check to see if there's any Vecna stuff here?


No, we know it was gross.


I'm going to cast Locate Object. Cast spell. I'm going to search for a wax seal.


(confused noises)


I'm pulling a Grog.


When we last left off, we were in a cardboard box.


Don't flatter yourself.


Slowly, five feet by five feet.


Scotty doesn't know.


(gasps loudly)


Somewhere in the future, there's an Acquisitions Inc. game going, and my head pops in from the side, and then pulls out again.


(French accent) Into the fray! Do those tentacles attack good guys, too?


And it’s not a temple?


Oh, no. Okay, yeah, I'm gonna grab them anyway.


Can I keep an eye out for whatever I stepped on in the river?


So we can find our way back to the lycans, right?


What if we took a short rest?


(as Vax) Oh, this sandwich is so good. Mmm. (laughter)


Should I sing?


We're not?


I say (garbled) Lodestone! Right there!


Well, I do think it might actually help me in my future-- Part of it could actually help me.


I'm so glad we understand each other. Take care of them.


Yes. We threw it and it landed in her pocket when she ghosted out.


All right. Okay. So we'll do that first.


Closed?


A laser light show. With fireflies. It's like in a Disney Imagineer show.


But it's a present for Liam O'Brien. (cheering)


Well, I don't know how to tell you the things that you don't know yet, because you don't know them.


Have you ever noticed that pomeranians are the nastiest dogs you've ever met?


Oh! Okay, well then I will roll my d4 and see if I can hit it. I only rolled a three, not a four. (groaning)


So, can we get like a vague idea of how long these people look like they might have been here?


Disarm him?


Thanks for just stopping by. That was cool.


That was less clever, but still very impressive. What if we were to throw your chain, or if we could throw the rope across the river?


This is my home. Wait.


Wow. Work hard, play hard.


Uh! (Knocks)


Okay. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him. I'm going to shoot him with my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel. So I'm going to roll.


A 16. This was supposed to go much quicker. I'm sorry, guys.


(quietly) Don't roll a one.


That clarifies that, okay.


What about the education of the kid, where he's got to go to animals to learn things-- oh, forget it.


No, he can't. It's too heavy. It's too heavy for the carpet.


He is very charming.


Is Scanlan sleeping it off? I mean, we're in Vasselheim, we've just bamfed across miles and miles. We're here.


There's a locked box?


I'm keeping watch on the right.


Did she? What did she pay?


No, we take a contract on a really large creature, and then we let the dragon do the work for us. We get the best of both worlds.


Could he have Misty-Stepped closer to us?


I can heal myself just fine, but I don't know about your friends-- do they have healing abilities?


Wait. I want to prep something. Hide!


I have about 50 gold, do you want me to give you some?


Can he run right here?


What do I see?


I feel like we're being watched.


Protecting her feet, right? That was the command.


Let's let her stay. I say we just rest up and we attack tonight.


Oh, hi. You want to be part of the bro moment? Or a Beau moment?


Fair enough, your asks are fair. We'll return, quickly.


Did you go underwater in your vision?


That's on the way to the "Solstryce" Academy?


They would have floated right above it.


I just want to say, I don't think the dragons stand a chance. (laughter)


Can I roll an insight check to make sure it's actually him?


That's right! He's full of shit.


Pressure knobs?


So it is a crit?


You're a blacksmith?


I'm going to move on the opposite side of where Nott is and do like a quick runaround and try and flank.


To your success.


But there are some people that look just like people?


(singing) Something has changed within me! Oh my God! Oh my God. Scanlan.


We gave the book with the cipher over, so if anybody else wants it--


Well, I'm disguised.


There's one in the Fire Plane.


Okay, I'm going to do that at 2nd-level.


You're skipping town.


Can I hop on a carpet or broom?


Oh! Oh! You've got a little smudge right there.


She's not an eagle and she's falling with the gnomes.


You were wearing it yesterday. The amazing Whitney Moore made it.


Who? Astrid?


That is impossible.


There's something in you that you either don't want to talk about or don't remember properly, I think.


Well, then no. 25.


Good riddance.


You're not going to try to heal me?


But I don't get any action, then.


Or maybe they got lost to the winds of the road.


The thing is, what if something bad comes in front of us and then they trap us? Because he's just following us.


I've got nothing, man. I don't even know.


Okay, so 23 was the damage on the first arrow.


The place to place to go buy potions.


It was awful. I let all of you go first everywhere.


Just answer the question!


Don't worry. I got so many details about the curse, I know all about it.


I nod back. Hmm, yeah.


I feel like I've heard of something like this before.


That entirely depends what you think it's worth.


What's the main points of historical interest?


If there's one place to use the flamethrower, I think it's on that.


Put some clothes on.


No I haven't! I've--


Not my strongest suit.


That's disgusting!


Yeah, I could use 20 points.


I went unconscious once 'cause I fell, how far did I fall?


I need 20 actual seconds to see what the piece of paper says!


It only lasts for ten minutes, so I mean, we might be coming to the very end of it.


Second shot, I'm going to burn one more Grit and I'm going to try for a head shot. Which will give him disadvantage on next round's attacks.


I'd like to investigate the tunnel to the left.


As I count you as mine. Going to have to look out for each other now.


You could--


Exactly. Will you send a message to Caleb and say, "Are we going to leave everyone else tonight and steal the big ball?" Send a message to him saying that.


Tiny.


I'm obviously a fan of stealth, right? But when we go in there and it all fucks up like it does nine times out of ten and the thing sees us anyway, what are we doing?


Should we scan for traps?


Oh, that was not good.


Well then, I'm going to peek into this door here. This open door.


You hungry? Yeah. You have any food? (laughter)


You really suck. I don't know if it's because you're so tiny--


I don't know what, but yes. If I were to cast Seeming on us, or some other sort of magic, it would make us look one way but not feel that way.


I was getting a tissue, and I dropped a fork.


Are there any pool aerobics? (laughter)


26. 25!


Does Pike have anything attuned to Sarenrae, though?


There's no way.


To be fair, you'd do it anyway.


Can I do one of these?


Yeah, they sell them here.


I think I am.


Just curious, have you ever had the Sandkheg Hide?


It's a... I have to pull out the thing, I didn't pull this together as much as I thought I should've. It's a constitution saving throw.


No, I can't find it.


No, but seriously. What are we doing? I don't think we use that mercenary to walk into a mine. I'm not sending her to her death.


(quietly) Would you jump up here?


Are you going to try to shove it in the lock?


Attack roll. I'm gonna use my last Luck of the day. Because that was a one.


That's when we should lightly drop him in as a mouse. Because when this takes enough damage, which he should, as a mouse, the spell will wear off. And he would poof back into whatever. We should do it right on the beholder.


It feels like it went away.


What if we blocked off that entrance when we go inside?


Your homeland is, you know, I mean, the volcano, the magma, the monsters, the fire torn in the sky, it's lovely. It's charming, really.


Athletics. Oh, really? That's not what it was; I moved it.


I don't think he would be able to reverse engineer it.


Sometimes we're out and about.


Which means we need to find Gilmore and we need to find Allura now.


I'm going to try to do this about now. I'm going to look to my right and my left and at 6th-level I'm going to try to do Glacial Blast and split the damage and try to hit both of them. Because it does 8d8 damage--


I have two items that I would like to look at. Well, I have three items that I would like to look at. Sylas's sword and his amulet.


Then come up with a better damn plan.


My undead brother I'm dragging around with me! This is fucking so fucked up! (laughter)


The Hut of Wodenna.


So there's nothing in the boats at all?


I give him a Vex wink.


Zero!


Vote, then?


How many's left?


My cousins might be fish men.


Right. There are a couple of people that are in the chamber around the corner here that are also trapped. How are you with a lockpick?


Hugely important!


I was thinking Dorito, too! How weird.


How do we fix it?


Three times.


Yeah. Let's head back.


Oh, that's a good idea.


Where's your cat?


Have you seen her use any magic?


No, this is the fantasy equivalent of locking yourself in a refrigerator.


And I'm fireman's pole down the ladder, down one side of the ladder to get to the gate.


Very good. I go just to touch him, I am not trying to pull him up.


It's okay. Now Becky won't know I was talking shit about her.


I mean, should we explore the street that we're on? I mean, we've got a long wait time.


Be on your guard, dear.


Are you coming down under?


We're heading down.


Now! I do it now! (laughter)


We'll try. Thank you. Man, normally Fjord is here to do this part.


Sam is tweeting it.


Did you just call the DM a bitch?


Unless it cracked from throwing it.


Oh?!


So, 15.


She wanted to stay at the inn this morning.


Yeah. Spider's an asshole.


What a turn around.


I didn't get my bonus attack on that guy. Can I get my bonus attack?


I am perfectly content to hold onto that chit for as long as we need.


Grog, you need to eat something. You look really gaunt.


I pour-- I pass the drink.


The whispers.


(as Sean Connery) Yes, hello. (laughter)


Well, what's below me?


That's not our fault. She's very important. I would hate to keep us out of her good graces. I feel like the pull she has in this city should be more than enough to allow us to use the lift.


Oh, it's going to hurt!


Seems like it could be potentially hilarious.


(crying) How do we know we are doing the right thing? We've killed a lot of people, you guys. We've killed a lot of people.


I don't know. (sighs) I could have gone home. I could have gone home at any point, at this point. I'm scared.


Start making some coin.


That's my secret, Taliesin. I'm always hangry.


I'm going to do my Bite and Claw attacks.


You can if other people hold. And you describe--


Fuck you, Vecna!


I'm going to be on fire.


Find the Path? But I think I have to have seen the object before. It would also burn my last 6th-level spell.


40 gold. All right, we've got the tents, we've got the canvas, and then just a little bit of lumber to put this whole thing together and that ought to do it.


I'm going to move off in that direction, if that's okay.


A stream of diarrhea come out of his rear end.


I want to get to that.


I'm at everybody's disposal.


I've always liked your human form, Tiberius. I thought it was very attractive.


You don't know where any trees are in Wildmount?


With a Lightning Bolt.


She can hold this part of her turn until everybody's up there.


You're asking if I can tell you're conflicted?


That's true. 20 on the first roll.


My hair.


Just a little!


Using my last Luck of the day. That's better. 15.


Per the song? I mean--


He can do whatever.


I mean, you volunteered it very quickly.


I just say to Beau  The fuck?! (laughter)


Sore subject? Maybe.


Come say hi. It looks like the posters are gone, but there's still some signed ones left if you want.


I'm going to start walking over towards where the skulls are.


I burned almost all of my hit dice to bring me back up.


Go check them out. They're in the store right now. They're amazing. All of the other stuff that we had is still in the store, as well, including this fabulous necklace. And the posters shipped, so get ready to get them. Or maybe they're shipping tomorrow, something like that. I don't remember. But they're going out. And then the aprons are shipping at the end of next week, so you'll be getting those soon, too.


Also, you know, they basically helped us out today. You can do it for one, for them.


As I leave, he's speaking Draconian!


Wait, I think the edge of the bog is kind of far, though.


That would be awkward.


Bad Cop.


So if I succeed, I take no damage.


You sadists. (all laugh)


Blood Maledict. With the added--


Mansions of Madness is great.


I already had my great moment, all right?


Oh, shit! Never mind.


This. Is. Vox Machina!


But there's trees.


Or hold action.


Ooh, strength.


(sighs) It's reminding me of something that happened this week. Okay, I'm going to take a-- blender of glass. It's a whole thing. I'm going to take a shot at it to see if it does anything?


36 with the Great Weapon Master.


Oh god, I'm first?


I take no pleasure in this. I cast Obelisk of Stone and crush them.


Unless Grog can just tear through the roof.


Firbolg?


Halfway done.


Wait, wait, wait. Ahh! I'm not putting them on your feet.


I'm like the dog that's staring at the cat that stole its fucking bed.


It's been a while. You've redecorated.


And how about that diamond that we put in the mending wheel?


(singing) Beauty school dropout.


11?


Bored, Vax starts tossing gold coins off of Grog's junk while it's on there.


This is Beau. She's really strong. She's the one I was telling you about that can fight things with a stick.


I don't know yet, hold on


These people are in need. It's very hard to say, but I don't want people being homeless and we're walking around with a bunch of gold that's--


Four skeletons on me?


Oh man, Swedish Chef over here.


Yeah, quitter.


You know, just out of eyeshot of them.


Oh, was all that-- that was all recorded?


And what's your position been in Westruun?


Investigation? That is 19.


What is better in this town? A disgusting mess or a robit?


I skip to the end. Last page.


I'm fast as fuck.


And smart. Very smart.


So great! We're stuck in a city that has zombie issues, that's all.


We are in your debt. I'll have the paper drawn up, and anything you can do to put the weight of the situation behind us and make sure they know how clear it is and how necessary this is and how desperate we are.


Can I now shift away from the guy?


Some of us will be. Do you want to wait in the house, Grog?


The moment she does anything. That depends on how you want to interpret that.


Okay, cool. I'm getting down there.


You got a gat?


I'm going to run, let's see, I've got 30 feet? I'm going to cross and run for cover behind that.


What is the sound of a bat coughing?


Well, here you are.


I'm going to go looking for one in one second. Potion of healing, just a standard 2d4+2. So take six points of heal, you're stabilized.


We know there are. I mean, that's what we're looking for, right?


Wait, is he around? Don't say it out loud.


If he's going to hit you. He might not.


(laughs) Does that name mean anything to you?


I am definitely woozy.


Beauregard, what if she had been lying to us?


Yes, I guess.


Hour and a half, all right.


We step just outside the door again and let his invisible servant push buttons.


Oh okay. Yeah.


If there's anything left on Grog by the end of this, I'll try to swipe them off with my sword.


Maybe? I don't know.


The Gentleman.


But it's one spot.


Stupid to be a champion, stupid to kill Orcus, stupid all around.


To the spa!


We are still waiting for Scanlan to get here, and then we'll take him to the next stop.


Is there another entrance into this cavern?


Like a 14 year old whose father doesn't love him enough to teach him how to groom himself.


Stealth?


Is it me? (stuttering) Is it just a row of guys in front of me?


We can also go in the not-lava cave, Keyleth.


Go earth elemental!


Please take it off!


Are you dead yet?


It ended on the first attack, right?


Molly laid down his life for you guys. He was the best of us.


He's very weak. (laughter)


And several slaps.


I'm going to go check and see if I can find Kash.


Vanessa, hey. I'm not asking anything. We're going to get you into Emon. That's a promise.


I saved his life multiple times today.


To market!


Thank you guys so much! You are all amazing, I love you so much.


Batman's the worst.


All right, let's go down.


Okay. I’m going to get up, I’m going to yell at Trinket to run out the door, and I’m going to grab my arrows and my quiver and my broom.


(chuckles) "And you're paralyzed."


Are you waiting for me?


27 on the second.


I go to her? Him?


Oh, me. 13.


They had to make 15? Not my spell save DC or anything?


How do you know? How do you know he's not working for the Empire?


Oh, Scanlan. I kind of liked her.


Boat. Bloated Cup. Back and forth. Waiting.


I found a rock!


Sound it out. Bus-eye-ness


He didn't fail a death saving throw.


So can I fly where I'm in the middle of Scanlan, Percy, Vex, and Keyleth somehow? Within 30 feet of everybody.


What? Where did that even go?


Only Scanlan can make Vox Machina speechless. It's happened a few times tonight. Did you notice that?


I'll cast Locate Item.


That one's cocked underneath. Okay!


I think they'd be smarter than Grog.


Right, yeah!


You guys are pretty great.


I thought the horn was like a party hat. Like you could just yank it off.


Only way to solve it.


And the third attack does--


How does the grass grow down here?


All right, 27 on that guy.


Murdering people in their sleep.


Yes! here! Here you go, here you go--


We're going to miss you, Pike.


You need to go full Burt Reynolds out in front of that camp and get the bulk of them running towards you.


Come on, "son."


I'm after Jester or after Fjord.


I'm trying to be fucking silver lining, so I don't feel like a piece of shit for waste a day, and you guys are shitting on that, but it's fine.


I'll go gingerly touch the base and see if it moves a little bit.


Oh, the dodeca?


You know, I had the same thought. Really, either she believes Jester and no big deal, or she doesn't believe Jester and knows that it's taken care of.


As she's running, she's going to fire her crossbow at the dude. 11 plus six, 17.


I said we're going to have to Shadow of Colossus this shit.


That was very interesting.


That was really graphic!


Most of the murals are of one of our friends, but yeah.


Yeah, let's search around.


Your thing?


I am gonna go ahead and cast Stoneskin on myself.


Well, depends on when you're going in.


If I get there, are there a lot of guards keeping an eye?


Oh jeez. Don't let me fuck this up. Oh, that's not bad. 14.


Can I run immediately underneath Sondur?


You seem a tad weary. Is there anything I can do to help you?


No, onto Asum. Now I can scry through that. That way I can at least check in on you every once in a while. If you're okay with that?


Let's use this one. Add my what?


Oh. What do we do with a vacation?


Can I try--


Am I able to have enough movement to get on this stumpy stump?


Okay, I'm going to pop Trinket out.


Why don't we keep it handy, no pun intended, and we'll just flash it if we get in trouble, and see if that helps us.


I don't know, it's a central point.


It's lovely to meet you.


I'll just wait.


If it's hairy, we won't need Pass Without a Trace at all.


Oh indeed yes, the well being of your men obviously, was something that we would easily tend to.


Can I turn towards the beast, and I'll cast Eldritch Blast at it.


Possibly.


I got-- oh, Sanctuary. Against spells? Even though this is an AOE?


I really liked him.


And that's nine points of radiant damage.


I go to the room, I take out my bottle of water..


I'm using quick draw.


And, you know, a bunch of other t-shirts as well, and a whole bunch of other things. Go check out the shop on geekandsundry.com and you'll see all of the merchandise that's available.


So you have to drink fast? I thought you just said it didn't matter how fast--


If they are not interested in me, why should I be interested in them knowing about me?


Let's get some hats!


I'm just eating bar popcorn.


Yeah, no, it is. But did I buy him a room, or is he just sort of...?


It's a magic fun bag. It's probably got everything from Silence and Dispel Magic to Petrify to a disintegration ray.


Okay. I have another gift.


This is going to suck!


I did step out.


But don't worry, I'll do it.


The Moon Weaver? They have a temple to her in Syngorn.


(whispering) Maybe you should kill it before it says anything to you.


Hey, what a great 2018!


Maljikaori?


Anything else interesting?


But they're blocking it? Or--


I will show it to her.


Do we need to decide at this moment?


What do I roll for that, again?


What a wild ride, tonight was.


Is it dark right now?


I was thinking initially I'd like to remove one of his five hits that he takes on me, but, four, who gives a shit.


Let's go do it.


Okay. I'm going to give him a potion. I'm going to-- I have a big one.


Yes please.


Time travel!


We don't have them.


I think I just pulled a rib.


(sings) Let's go to Dis city.


Are we going on the airship?


Is that a band, what is it?


Stop by.


We’re just selfish.


Well she's coming with us, right? We can ask her on the way.


I have a greatsword that's just a normal greatsword.


How far away?


I don't need you right now.


Yeah, I don't have any of that. Well, but my Blazing Bowstring. I'm going to try it.


We'll go to my house.


That is one way you could phrase it, yes.


I'm working on it!


I don't hear anything, and you're nowhere near me. What I will do is send Frumpkin down this hallway, because I did not go this way yet.


Just intuition, I guess.


Oh, I have a saving throw, constitution-- I have a concentration--


I don't think you want to do a goose-step.


But I can go around it, yes, let's do that. I'm going to stab the wyvern in the butt, and then I'm going to throw a dagger from my other hand at the guy standing next to Scanlan-- I've got a question for you. Because both of them have somebody who's running interference, do I get sneak attack damage on both?


That's a thing? Oooh.


(high-pitched groan)


I wouldn't be surprised if there is a spy in this room.


Pike gets to attack. Pike has been holding her action to attack as soon as she could, too.


The sphinx, right.


Sometimes they aren't regular, though-- sometimes they're undead ones.


I think we should duck and hide under his covers. His big, nasty fur bed.


Oh, you're right. She is your manager.


(raspy, older voice) Yes, I'm so sorry, I was wondering if I might be able to speak with the Wharfmaster. And I'll produce two gold coins and start to rub them together.


There's no large outcrops that this thing could be sitting on?


Hey. Hey, you. I kick him in the back a bit.


Oh boy. I'm trying to find something that won't destroy-- How close is everyone to me? Everyone's pretty close.


Plus we have one extra ally. Two!


It's a giant? Oh, no.


Yes, that's right, I haven't used reckless yet. Shit.


He does actually have Commune with Ducks. It is on the page. Staring at it right now.


The one that you stole from me?


That's nice.


Kevdak did?


Show him what you've learned! None of us know what you learned though! We can't help you!


Oh he's--


They were mango-esque.


That's 20 points of damage.


Start with the stone.


Okay, but I didn't see, and you guys decided to attack first. I will grace you going first if you prefer.


Ask him what?


No. Doesn't stack.


Huh?


Okay. I think that's next.


But it's just him, right? One dude?


Well, that's fair.


Keyleth, attack the monster, not the wall!


Oh, it's like a mini-game.


Thanks for that.


(sighs) We're killing time but yes I do. I take the ten minutes to take the book out of the holster, and set it on the ground and while everyone just sits there in the dust, I cast Detect Magic.


Matt's hair. (all laugh)


How close am I to that?


Healing potions aside, you are doing something really interesting and exciting here. You're not a healing potion dealer. What are you doing here? Like this is fascinating.


Girl power!


No no. Not.


I'm going to go on record as saying I do not think this is the right move.


Depending on whether or not you have the mount, let me know if you want to trade boots or not, since these are non-attunable.


It missed. I'm just making sure I didn't misfire. No, I didn't! Thank god.


I can drink.


Right now, on the air.


Well, you got a little boxy back there that you should pull out.


We're also on a chasm, so if it gets wet and slippery and muddy we might all go down.


I need a guide. Someone who, while is not connected to you, can help us find our way through the city. Find what we need. Answer questions. Somebody with a little bit of the lay of the land. Somebody to help. Not with the actual act, obviously, but just to run us around? What happens to our soul-- what happens to my soul if I die in the process of this?


Oh right! I'm dragging it behind me.


So do we!


I'm putting it there, at the mast.


Please tell me you guys found a lodestone. Did you guys find it? Did you find it?


Being taken to the Plank King ain't bad.


I'm going to risk an attack while I'm not hasted. I'm going to risk an attack and back up about ten and go up another 15.


You probably got away with it. You looked like you were 30 when you were 18.


You know, we could give him some of those rings.


Hi, bees. Okay, okay.


I'm just saying that if drink tokens come back to the bar--


Okay, here's what I want to do. I'm going to go earth elemental, but I want to, like, do it like a badass, you know? So I see Scanlan--


So beautiful.


On dexterity saving throws. Is that a dexterity?


Okay. I could try to get one of them to fight with one of the other ones of them.


Plus two for the bracers, so 26 damage. Oh, wait! Plus the Blazing Bowstring, which is another seven! That's fire damage.


(laughs) Do some grocery shopping.


Fjord can tell me what they look like.


Shall I inspire him?


I flip my blue cloak inside out to the brown side.


Do we keep our hit dice from our Heroes' Feast? If we never got rid of them? Or are they gone?


At least three weeks, right?


Kill!


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays on repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


My spidey sense is tingling. It's behind us. It's over there. I used Locate Object.


You get advantage on investigation?


He's missing an eye. His depth perception sucks.


It can't be complicated, can it? It's gotta be small.


And there's this top of it, which is open.


This is disappointing.


Thanks, Vex. You know, he was "indiposed." We should go.


Nott the Brave. We have things to accomplish here. If you allow me, I could do what I have done in the past a little sneakily to help you cope with this fear you have. If you allow me.


There's creatures?


Everything was alive everywhere. That's what, the rules here haven't really--


Come on, Yasha.


He's a total not-a-good-hunter. I thought he enjoyed the hunt!


Can you hold the top part and I'll just hold it by the handle, the hilty-part?


I'm going to peruse these ruins a little bit, see what they are and what they look like.


No, it was 15, 20, and 23 on the hits. That was the damage.


Tary, it's up to you, but you were talking about going back.


Okay, ooh! 22.


Perfect. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians. I'm going to start whispering into my big purple crystal and then tons of tiny little adorable, sharp-toothed fairies are going to come out and start biting and eating a lot. They're adorable.


Oh, then eight, and--


That's what you fucking tell people.


At everything.


Don't group!


Can I angle it so I don't hit my buddies?


I told you it worked! Sorry, I'm a little defensive right now. Continue.


Okay, Vax. I know that you are an expert tracker. Right?


The gates were pretty heavily watched, though.


Five points, if you get more than five points he's dead.


It's weird, Grog weirdly seems smarter now than he was before.


I get sauced.


Well, I'll handle that for you, okay?


If you were just prone, he would still have it, so if the spell is still active.


It looks quite nice.


Yeah! I heat it up and I put it in my milk.


Oh, fucking harpies.


I will, seeing the one on Caleb, spin around and fire my hand crossbow at that one.


The Elder Brain casing was, not necessarily the cross.


Tree Stride.


Perception, yeah.


That's two. What did I say?


Transform back.


No, Frumpkin is scarfing around my neck right now.


Okay. We land. I land.


Bacon. Speech.


Yeah, he's not going to know where we went.


It just formed, right? We watched it happen?


Geekandsundry.com.


We have money now.


So can I turn to my right--


All right, so...


We have camouflage?


What's going to squeal?


Wait, what do you mean by "those people"? Do you know a lot of people who throw dynamite in houses?


Three more?


No. I'm not even dignifying that with a groan--


(tch boom) Ooh.


Oh, man. This is a really tough one.


This is a regular. Now, for fans of the show, you can get our logo etched into any of the boxes at any tier.


Didn't you give her an arrow?


How do you feel now? (all laugh)


And then what happens after that?


The big guy will be fine.


Yeah. Okay. So this wrecked me. So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to send you guys on your way. I'm going to take out my purse of money. I'm giving you all my money. Stop. Don't say anything. I want you, and I want Astra, and I want Johann to leave and I never want to see you again. JB is going to stay here with me.


Guys, art is subjective, all right? Put clothes on top of this thing and we're golden, I think.


That's a 12. Oh, minus three. A nine.


I'll make my way forward into the hold even though we haven't seen much.


You're out again?


Wanna reach a hand around and see if you get a handful of wooden boob?


We're back to me?


Oh, I'm not looking for anything, I just--


How could you have my back if it's on me?


They're going to try and flee, aren't they?


And she's grappled, correct?


Don't make me make it. No, I'm ready. Let's go!


And he hasn't gone yet, so for the assassinate feat for rogues, if he hasn't gone yet, this is a critical hit.


Let me see, at the end of each of its turns or each time it takes damage, a target can make a wisdom saving throw.


That. Is funny. Well, you're right, we do have quite a bit to talk about.


There's a Facebook page. You can search J-O-R-E on Facebook, and that's probably me. If you see Matt's picture, then that's me.


What if we said they were baby gnolls? I'm going to cut them off just to be safe.


It's really distracting.


All right. Oh shit. 19.


Is this why your skin is so smooth? You've been giving yourself a facial every night.


Some gold to give.


Is it a fear effect?


Hey, Matt, heads up, Laura's having that stupid baby.


Great. Thanks.


Because it's fun.


(laughs) I didn't recognize you, Grog. Is that you?


Okay. Well, I love you.


I don't know, I'm literally blind. I want to light this--


But what if we have him help us fight?


Are any of them looking rough?


Caleb is very judgmentally petting his cat's head.


Shooter, coming out!


Orn, did you kill all those dried food rations just now, did you just--


Ow! (laughs)


Do we know how far?


This guy goes by The Gentleman because he is smart. That’s all I’m saying.


No, no, we worry about that now.


She's a terrible half-elf.


That's plus five.


How far is he from me? A long way.


We did it, you guys.


Oh, 23.


I'm in a nice womb.


Babenon. Babenon Dosal.


Sleepytime it is. Thank you so much.


Also designed by Joma, aka @ForgingMeanings on Twitter. So yeah, it's our next iteration of our box art poster.


What kinds of things?


Are you all right? I am so very sorry, I'm so sorry--


I haven't had a friend in a very long time. The last few months have been... unexpected.


No! The chains are pulling me one way and you're pulling me the other way. Just come down to my level! Come down here!


As I'm lying on the ground, I wipe it off the front of my face and throw it on the ground and growl at the cabinet.


Elven, Sylvan, Primordial.


Just real quick before we leave. I'm sorry. I think I had a burrito. Can I just use a facility inside? A restroom or something?


I might get some residuals.


He's using all the maps we didn't use in Indianapolis!


They're so giving.


Yeah, I was sort of unprepared for this. I was really excited for this fight.


Oh, fuck me.


We’re gonna bring it to put on the set. At some point.


I thought you said you had a lot of money! (laughter)


Do you want to fly, or should I?


I mean, I can burrow us a tunnel right now.


It says the Wrath of the Fey Warden is what we're looking for, the bow, and that it now acts as the heart of a cancerous tree, corrupting the verdant land. Is there something I can do, maybe try and...


Took trips with Vax, and had him as my right-hand man.


26 and 27 to hit.


That was what I was hoping for, and it happened.


I'm like five feet away from you, at this point.


You picked us specifically.


Sam, can I show you my snake? (oohing and aahing)


He is slowed still. So half speed.


We can send one of the stones with them.


What's in the middle? Are those fires?


You okay there, Pikey-pants?


Two. Uh-oh, that was two questions.


Is it listing towards Keyleth and--


A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (lightning roaring) Under that unintimidating, petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally. (giggles) Born to the air tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei, where the four elemental planes begins to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beastshaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts, which I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hikes down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


I say  Get off the ground!


He didn't seem very irreverent in the way the Traveler seems to be.


We have to rest.


Is it okay to just set up shop?


Yeah, but it's over there!


Not good. Liam, yours doesn't matter. Mine does.


Hunter Shark!


I want to jam my whole forearm in her mouth.


Thank you. He will definitely need lots of healing on this island. Between you and me, Jester's a really bad cleric, so-- it'd be good if you could just stick-- if I go right, you go left. You stick with Caleb.


Oh my gosh, Mr. Clay, have you ever had a doughnut?


Yeah, just-- forget it, let's go.


Taryon Darrington, of the Darrington family.


Ten, halved.


Wouldn't see me. I don't want to speak for Vax, but if we're going back tonight, you no longer have the ability to fly, is that true? But you do, Vexy?


Let Asum know.


I have a bonus action.


The Dawn Martyr. Dawn Martyr?


(mutters) I'm okay. 26.


We make our way to the top of the ravine as well.


We wanted to move faster.


Did you use your ascot?


-- that you had everything under control.


Oh, okay, plus 12?


You know, for 826? That's all done now, right?


(giggles) You know the situation is very dire, I don't know why I'm laughing, it's a nervous habit. I'm sorry.


I liked him.


Also, we're giving you a hard time, but there was no reason why I needed to keep fiddling with this thing, and I pat the satchel that I have the ball in. Could have left it well enough alone.


See if I can get any more details.


It's like a dry skin. You got it!


There's an attack on Ashguard something.


It's both.


I go back to sleep.


I didn't know all that stuff was going to be that way. That's why I asked.


We know you’re there!


We climb up in the tree and keep watch.


You know what? I rolled the wrong damage die for those first two, but that's my fault. Six damage. I rolled d6s instead of d8s.


We could roll it up in one of our fancy robes, though, and hold on to it. And pack it in-- oh, we, yeah! Let's chisel out some of the ice.


I thought you were in Vasselheim!


Well, there. That's where I think we could come to an arrangement. We're not particularly invested in the power structure here. We're here for sentimental reasons. The estate and just enough property to maintain a modest comfortability. We don't really care what happens to the fortune so long as your family's taken care of.


Well I mean I was really impressed with the little trick, I sure would like to see a big trick.


We're stealthy motherfuckers, right?


(whispers) Shh, everyone whisper.


This is so intense!


What you have there is a Greatsword of Frenzy, Grog. You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. Ooh! When you attack a creature with this magic weapon and roll a 20 on the attack roll, after dealing damage, you can immediately make an additional attack for free.


Inspire me!


I was making an evil shadow.


I hook him by the arm and we just start off.


Look in if you can.


'Cause I'm so bright.


I'll hold it in place for now and kind of--


Yes, you do. Trinket, go show some love.


By the way, Matt, last round I should have done 20 points of damage, not 19 because I'm level five now.


No, it looks like the third pencil you've broken so I just wanted to-- Just curious. Fourth.


Well, if he's so charming, I just wouldn't be able to help it.


All right, I want to slam down right--


And then I'm gonna duck behind the tree as much as I can.


Okay. So I'm going to use my first action to cast Lay On Hands and dump five hit points into her to wake her back up.


And Beau, Jester, Fjord.


All right. This is all very useful.


A fighting chance.


So we don't want to do that. Sorry, also Marisha talking right now.


I think it's something about seals?


Yasha will head towards the door and wait for it to open. She's going to use her movement to go up.


Okay. Faerie Fire (poof) right in front of me. Right on top of him. It gives everybody advantage on attacks against him.


I'm talking through Skype, so it's a little more difficult for me!


Like a beach, just (snore).


Did they have like a clean-up crew down there?


Ooh. That will last us probably, like, a day.


Can we see what made the light?


(laughs) Oh, great!


All right. Pass them out.


You just dove off, Free Willy-nilly?


Would you like to go?


Big bad scary thing.


Shh, no. I'm in the middle of the tree. I'm in the tree.


Are you guys going on a walk?


As I'm lifting my shield, the other one gets underneath it.


Actions, reactions.


Oh god! They do.


No! She's right here today!


Ulurat?


That's terrible. Drink up, by the way.


The only person, the only person that would remotely know is you, Tiberius, and I don't think--


Nott, do you have five copper?


You guys were born at the same time, you're both scrawny.


It will be if we get on with it.


I had 27 hit points left.


Wait, what's the plus five-- break it down again?


But we are not devils.


I know what you're talking about.


Everybody at home, grab your ticket you got in the mail. Scratch off number three. (laughter)


We could expect Trinket plushies. It might not be next week, but I feel like within 12 months, there will be a Trinket plushie.


Well, it could be an anonymous note. Or we could send Frumpkin once we leave here, and you could sign it, from Beauregard.


What if I roll like shit?


And I clap my hand here and I leave a big, gory, slimy smear right on the half of her face. Thank you, Pike.


What am I doing? A persuasion check?


Arrested?


Roll a d20.


For this particular thing, I think it was.


Weirdest production of Grease ever.


Garmelie's gone.


I'm escorting you to the Labenda Swamp. Right? To retrieve stuff for the crown? For Zadash?


I'm going to come out from behind my tree right there, just a little bit so I can see him. I'm going to try and Enthrall him, because I don't have any good stuff that I can do from a distance.


Good morning, Vox Machina. Lovely to see all of you.


I mean, I'm not going to do shit. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to leave. I'm going to go out the door and back in the hallway. And I'm going to whip around to that guy and go, (aggressive lizard noises).


All right, off we go.


It's an emergency plan. It's a good plan B, I'll grant you that.


Let's hope this works the way I have in my head.


Do you think the other two are-- the barrel names: so two are Sylas and Delilah.


Wait. Okay, I want to help Keyleth out because she's-- yeah. Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. Hold on. Go ahead.


I go find Jarett, and I give him 200 gold. And I say, do not let-- Desmond? Leave your side. Watch him, watch for invisible anything. Protect him with everything you can.


My thieves' tools? That's a 29.


Well, you know, I want this to work. So whatever they need. I definitely do not agree, but whatever makes it work.


It's going to take two turns though, right? MATT; She wasn't affected by Slow.


Next time, stealth. We should get inside.


Kuthok. Yeah, an emphasis on 'thok'.


I get on my broom.


This might be them.


(gasp) Oh, you have to try it. It's so good.


I do have potentially an exploding holy arrow.


I have a compromise.


Well, then I move to where I can.


Nothing of consequence.


I'll put that on.


(whispering) Your animals can't breathe.


Followed by the airship.


I turn and show him the scales from the Chroma Conclave.


Yep, podcast coming to the alpha network. Project Alpha.


We'll return them all.


I'm just not working right now.


What are you trying to roll?


Going with her to do the same. Investigation?


Cool. 19.


My vibe is it didn't burn.


I already called Greenbeard.


But I need it more than you, you get nothing!


It's worth it. It's a good investment.


Someone will be behind the tree.


It's a posse!


Did I find anything?


Yeah, but it hasn't changed at all.


Ah! So strong! (laughter)


Why? We just want to make sure he's okay.


Well, you're the leader, shouldn't you be--


Music just got supes loud.


I am lying. I am definitely on the run from someone.


Shadowed and decor.


Okay, cool. Here we go! Yeah, no. Doesn't hit. (laughter)


Would you say a new day has passed? So can I try for my beard again?


We ate already, right?


Do we have one on this ship?


I know one thing that's a photosensitive thing. If we need to make a fast escape I'd rather have some light maybe, if it's something like that.


I'm unconscious. Again.


Shortly before we switched from private to public. It was emotional. A couple people started crying, I teared up. We put two and a half years into this, and we're all very connected to it. I'm not gonna get into it, but I've had a hard couple of years personally, everything's fine, but this was like therapy for me. And to see one of my friends go down?


Does it look like there's an area that the pulses are brighter, along the wall?


It should be right above.


Locate Ariel.


Oh. Well. I didn't do it.


Yeah, I'm Gazlowe.


Oh. (belches) (laughing and cheering)


I think we should allow this poor creature an attempt to redeem himself, what is it that you sell here that would please our mistress?


Yeah, I put you down.


No, I want beautiful hair. I've always wanted blue hair.


What is a bloodline?


18 to hit.


Oh, proficiencies and languages.


How long has it been for--


I'm just a passenger. I'm on you. If you're not going up, I'm staying on you.


How long ago was that?


We're taking in everything.


So it has to go with another attack. Now I understand. So if I had understood - thank you, thank you. I’ll take that mulligan for understanding. So now I’m going to stab him with Mythcarver through the back.


That you... never mind. (laughter)


They're dumber than Grog is.


What's her last name?


Get used to it, because I am! (laughter)


So wait, are we all in our own individual rooms?


It's coming for us.


Oh, sorry. It's half-dead.


All right, the man who brings it all to life with his amazing imagination: Matthew Mercer! (cheering and chanting "DM")


Oh, I rolled a 14, plus anything?


Tell you what, we'll take the weapons and give it to you if we need your help.


Nice, dude.


And we're trying to be sly. We want to avoid eyes.


I don't think that we did.


We can ask about that.


Yes, I have a beautiful mind! (laughter)


It has been an honor.


I think you can let that go now.


Here, take my cape.


Life. Oh wow! Yeah, you did.


(lip smacking) I walk over to this dragonborn. Good morning to you.


Oh, look it up. It's a real thing. Wow.


I'm still punishing him.


Total?


Dice versus dice. Wizard versus wizard.


Except there's going to be a glowing door in their camp.


I'm going to attempt to use my Wand of Fire-- oh no, no, that's a bad idea. I'm going to use my Lightning Bolt! Lightning Bolt on it. Lightning Bolt. 'Cause I'm right under it, right? So it'll just go straight up.


That's a novel.


You know what the craziest part is? We don't really know why we did it. [cheering]


So you're looking at the face.


What is fueling the tree, yes.


Did you purchase that armor all on your own as well, or did Mommy and Daddy buy it for you?


Kick the cane out, see what happens. Do you need this? Boom!


Just back up a few.


I drop form and I'm going to Firestorm all up in this bitch.


Music works, you guys, music works.


Ooh, that actually could be pretty tight. Like those elves in Dragon Age.


You said that over the earring?


I have lots of theories. There's lots of theories here, we have to be fast enough to try them out.


Just look to the right of your seat, balcony row K, seat 32. Okay, good.


Half-elves did. I remember team half-elves did.


I'm going to start pouring water on this stuff, and it's going to be ice again so quickly.


No, he's too strong. Fill him with holy light, Pike. Do it now.


No, W.C.?


That's, ooh. 27 points of damage. And five psychic.


Where are we going to kill him?


Okay, I'm going to take a step towards Vax.


I go  Oh, you're about to-- watch it!


Well, most likely, yes.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! I forgot, I haven't done this in a minute with undead! Okay.


It's not really something that I want to discuss out in the open, but we could take a walk and talk about it.


Nothing! I put the fucking broom back in the Bag of Holding.


So 5 plus 12?


Have you heard about an island of glass?


I had surmised as much. There's possibly an old person in one, and then sounds of something, so both of the chambers are occupied. I came back to confer with you instead of going off on my own because that gets me in trouble.


I don't know, ignore what I just said.


Cool! Super cool, guys! Super cool!


Is there a bar in this place? A proper bar?


I'm going to start heading in this direction, too. Does one of them look like it was possibly holding a gelatinous cube at some point?


Same round, yeah.


You guys are a black screen, what happened?


Yeah, so donate, we're gonna be taking donations, it's gonna be great.


For the past 20 years.


You know, there are those that protect life, and they just left. Now, whatever me and my mates are gonna ask, you're going to answer honestly, or your life will be forfeit.


Oh boy. (laughs) It happened again!


Sometimes boys like it if you are a little bit aloof. A little bit cold to them afterwards like maybe they did something wrong and they don't even know what it was.


(laughing) Dr. Dre! (laughter)


I had to feed a healing potion. I had two going, so I needed hands.


I am, I would say the best at crafting, actually. I've spent my whole life doing it.


It will be like the creature back in Stillben?


Well that's good. It's probably good to have a second one of those.


Nothing happened last night, but it seems like a ticking time bomb.


I'll keep them coming.


I'm sorry, what Academy are we talking about?


Good to know you can jump at all.


Hi, Trinket. Get out.


I want to hide.


This will depend on this roll. I've got Stone's Endurance, so I'm going to try to use my reaction to reduce the damage, and I reduce it by enough to keep me up.


How much would that require?


That's 36?


Or we could disguise ourselves somehow.


So I get five back. Ooh, so I suck a little bit of his soul out.


You may even outrun the dwarves we're about to set free.


Put your eye out.


His tongue?


I think they're probably hanging back a bit. I don't know if they'd want to get this close.


That's what he gets for profiling.


Oh no, that's a four. I thought that was a one for a second. Eight damage.


Thanks so much!


We're looking for a suit of armor he may have won in a card game.


How you doing, Percy?


You said they were protective in nature?


An invisible poo!


It could be!


It's nice! So okay, you don't want to inhale all at once. It's more like flavor thing. Like a cigar.


Let's at least unrestrict Caduceus.


Nice. [Orion And Marisha] Undercarriage.


But I had a good roll.


Yes, so 11?


Sure, let's do that.


Big one.


Hmm. I'm trying to think of a topic that's less charged. Do you have a favorite sports team you like? (laughter)


(creepy voice) Try it, you might like it.


I'm going to disengage from it.


Okay. Yeah, no. Accurate.


What they do in the comfort of their own home is their own--


Am I to unveil it right now?


First roll, first roll, first roll.


Wait, where are you?


Okay. I've still got daggers turned around. I'm gonna knock this fool out. Okay, yeah, and you guys are right on top of him so first one is-- and advantage because he's grappled and down, right?


(clanking SFX)


With my daughter!


(singing) Oh, The Mighty Nein is The Mighty Nein. The Mighty Nein is The Mighty Nein. The mightiest nine that ever neined!


Oh, that's a good idea. Where the fuck is Raishan? Okay.


I say, "Ooh, light."


Yeah, thanks to you. (excited stammering) Did you feel our bag of dicks that we did? Were you aware of our bag of holy light dicks? That was an out-of-context thing.


All right, and we already had two, so now all of us have one.


Right. That's what I'm saying.


That seems like an abstract question. There are certainly very useful things that can be found in this world. You never know.


I haven't been such a good monk.


About the guy, about Al Gore Dyomin.


Is that one action? Because I have an action and a bonus action, so I'll just do as much as I fucking can to dig this fucker out.


I detect a note of digestive tract.


Two plus four, plus my extra four. That's six plus three is nine.


No. Let's do this.


He sounded very serious.


Could he still potentially have it inside of him?


Can I make a retalito-ri-teh?


They're kind of rare.


Yeah, we're them.


Even if it's risky, yes. We're going to do it. You'll help me?


So, you know that guy?


No, we should stay, we shouldn't go to the house-- Yeah, let's fucking go!


Don't think that far into it, man. It was a cool line.


As a note, the previous function of the sphere, we can access? Or is it one function at a time as it changes?


But somewhere else that I'm unaware of-- no surprise, motherfucker?


(crack)


And then I Dimension Door us to the boat.


There's no trees on the top of the tower.


You both saw that, right? That just fucking happened. This is not my normal die. This is something I bought at Comic Con.


Can't carry any one person over? Maybe a gnome?


I go over, and I'm really happy to put my armor back on over my cool bear bikini that I have on. (laughter)


Pleasure, charmed.


That was the most English thing I've ever seen in my life.


One day we're going to have a real big talk about your issues.


Yasha and I want to kick douchebag ass together. It's been so long.


I'm going to cast Mage Hand. They're holding nets and what else?


Ah.


Oh, he is? He's dead dead?


I hope he's got enough hit points to make it worth it.


But there will not be a tree down there.


Plus, I mean, it's like wearing really cool robes. Right, Scanlan? You know, there's nothing wrong with wanting to look cool.


Doesn't matter, he's dead. He's so dead.


This works for me.


Can I shoot at the other one?


I'm having a weird-- yes.


The hell's a celestial?


Cool. Tight, tight.


Do dwarves carry the same schedule?


Does this look like something that I would have? Like, is this another druid doing a fog cloud spell?


Halt den Mund!


I stay hidden over there.


I'm going to quietly take-- I'm going to back up 15 feet. (whispers) For everyone who's next to me, and for those who are not, it is in here. It is awake. And it is waiting for us.


You already took my left nut off my body.


She wasn't very good on phrasing.


It might be better if we move quicker through here as well, instead of stealthily.


Take a bow?


Is that south?


They're so comfy.


This is even more awkward. Just put me back down. Put me back down.


Have I been drunk at this point? I don't know, am I?


Wheatoning? Yeah.


I didn't burn the spell, right? I stopped it, I didn't burn the spell, I stopped it. Right? Because I was like "Cancel cancel cancel", come on, man.


Well, maybe in different places. We don't all need to get it in the same place. Maybe on a theme, but not the exact same thing?


We still need to hide. And heal.


Okay. I'll go around the back way then.


Oh, nothing. All right. Fascinating. Thank you. I suppose we'll sit, and get to it.


No, we do not tip him.


Yeah, to a purpose, not when he is waking up instantly.


No, I didn’t say that was true.


I'll buy the whole lot.


Goodness gracious.


If you guys let me go right now I can try-- You can do something?


Kids are expensive!


While that is going on, I walk over and stand next to Caduceus and say: Hey. Hello, would you hang out with me for a moment?


I go cast Cure Wounds on Yasha.


Maybe nobody else do that.


As much as I like being targets for their lawn bowling, we are in the bottom of a fucking valley.


Yes, of course, I don't know what I was thinking.


More than us.


I'm gonna stay out. I'm gonna keep eyes on JB to see what she's doing.


We're trying to kill this thing, yeah?


Oh god. Now I'm thinking--


Well, my stomach was rumbling.


And give me your ammunition. And when it's time, I will hand some to you.


It was a three. But I get advantage.


Let's move.


Opium den style.


There's three of them, right?


You could always slap it up there and shoot it with a flame arrow.


You turn into an asshole.


We could have some kind of Freaky Friday.


So that's evocation you guys, and divination, and necromancy.


I still follow Clarota. I'm like, "So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--"


Do we need anything else?


Wait, I'm stealthing.


Is Cusack.


Do we see any crownsguard around? In the street.


It got taken. The orb is gone.


This is the real world, okay? This isn't fantasy.


She's the best one of the group! (laughter)


Who are you gonna believe?


I love sports games! And guess what? D&D Beyond will be running a roleplaying roulette one shot on the Pax main stage, which is kind of like football, hyuck hyuck! Marisha says, so like-- sorry. I don't have a good Marisha. So like, you can get more information about the one shot on unplugged.paxsite.com or whatever. I'm cool, I guess. It's weird being next to all these old guys from like the 80s or whatever.


I know, I've got to save you!


Plus a one point punch.


Wow! That's awfully nice.


So the goldfish turned into orange marmalade?


Am I within ten feet? I'll move forward a bit.


I'm not what? What am I not?


Wait. Doesn't my worm take it too?


He's not even vaguely dying.


I walk right in. Follow him in.


Do they seem to be the same three on each, or is it just silhouettes?


That many stories?


Okay, what was your question?


Sorry, Nott. Crack!


Now it's just me. It's not much to hold down at this point.


You know, Percy is a bit of a tinkerer himself as well.


Lady Johanna.


I don't need to say it, but Keg is aroused.


Yes, it's why we're rubbish when you're not around. Everybody's trying to impress you.


Thousand? Fifty thousand?


And now?


Not prepared, but we never are.


Take this hat--


Five more. Five more.


Do you have a comment about my perfect breasts and the shortage of them? Oh no! Careful, they are expensive.


He's day-drunk.


I guess we can?


Don't forget your inspiration!


Maybe we're in a rush; maybe after.


You should have just done it!


I'm going to look up above me and-- wait, he doesn't see me yet, I think?


I have 115 hit points?!


For now, we leave a back-door entrance.


Yeah, but then he'll pop where we are.


Jack off, jack off, jack off!


There were three other kids, you know?


I don't know, really, how to start this conversation. (sighs) I guess I just wanted to talk to you, and maybe you can give a little bit of insight and help clear my head.


Foster Wayne Brian. Or Foster George Brian, as I think he was originally tagged. But Foster Wayne Brian, our very own, from Talks Machina. He was on. It's a very funny episode. A lot of us make cameos. He makes a cameo, you make a cameo.


I've got nothing.


(as Kumas) I want rice pudding!


Hold on. Before we decide that Marquet is the thing.


Actually, skootch me one over. I can still see him from right there, yeah?


I chase down Vex, and we do the same thing.


You also have that dog. They can maybe team up and have extra-strong smell perception. Or we can save it.


Shit. I just got out of the dragon. I don't know what's going on. I didn't even know we were flying. I'm just going to shoot a Lightning Bolt at him.


Geometry, kids.


It comes in pulses.


Get on the bear!


You're doing good work, Joseph!


He can call every single creature in the city to come to his aid.


For the basic bitch wine, correct?


The one Flash I don't know, really.


I thought we talked about horses as well.


I hope you're not naked!


Uriel, if he's got his mind controlled, it doesn't matter if we try to clear our names, he's going to find us guilty.


Be all like, 'kh'.


So many toys today.


Happy Birthday, Kit!


Thorbir's right. We're burning time. We need to go in.


I was hoping you had an iron pot I could borrow for-- never mind, I'll use the piss pot. I'll borrow this.


Awesome. That's an eight.


And it's always gone right.


Like in Skyrim, just wheels of cheese. All the cheese.


Are there any doors or anything in here?


Where do you-- why?


(gasp) I lick the spot. (groaning)


I thought it would help.


We haven't given her the key to the trapdoor.


Is this something he can save from, though?


I mean, I don't know, she's busy. I guess.


(sighs) I'm okay.


Oh, just right inside the door.


He's a strong man.


Oh, I thought Counter-- Okay, I see.


You wouldn't even.


Clarota--


You guys can sleep wherever you want. I'll be sleeping in my bed.


Whoa. Hey, I feel like shit.


I only used one 3rd-level and I used it and got it back with the Arcane Recovery.


It's all shabu-shabu from here on out.


Well then, in that case, can you carry Keg?


We know things.


He's looking at Nott pretty hard?


Bonus action, shoot again.


Otto!


I know! What's wrong with you?


Who are you people?


Are you willing to kill?


Well, next week we do the sphinx, and then the week after.


You tell me, friend.


That would be quite wise.


Not promising.


He failed, or the guy failed?


What are we doing here, Fjord?


You know coasting is not a bad idea either. There is not as massive a gain, but there is not as high a risk for whatever this 10,000 gold target is.


12 points of radiant and then next attack gets advantage on it.


Oh god, really?


Everybody?


Oh, okay. I think the dragon is roughly here?


Sounds like an expensive enemy to make.


Which is what?


I was like, just, Chain of Cool. Awesome.


Yeah, it's been about twice, a minute each time.


Damn, Gina.


Musk stick. You got it correct! It's actually a candy from Australia!


Skitter up.


This is the castle, this is the town?


There'll be real dicks!


Majority rules, but let's hear what you have to say.


Selling any wares? Or do you need any news from the other side of the road?


Can we see a little spire poking through its belly?


Oh, I'm so sorry. Like a cop said "you're trespassing" and now we're just going to never trespass again?


I'm not going to go stealing from some house--


It's your best disguise yet.


It's fucking 18.


Oh, of course!


I need some clay.


Keyleth dies in episode one.


That's actually good. He'll lose the paralysis because he'll be in a coma. We'll just wake you back up and you'll be fine. It's actually kind of good.


Hey, oh! (oohing)


I thought it was silver.


I am now going to attack him with my blazing bow.


Ashley, you coming back next week?


I just want to double check, I still have my attack, though? So I can actually hit him and--


Like he's parting the Red Sea.


Well, I rolled a one, but then I used Luck and I rolled a 20.


I'm going to pull out my disguise kit and give him a nice little beard and a mustache. And an eye patch.


Have the vagrants caught up yet?


Classic rage, we call it.


No Carvers or any sort of guard detail outside the house? Anything like that?


Unless you want to stay and fight.


I am going to Counterspell that.


I appreciate the chat. Please, keep it coming.


I might just sell this robe, though.


The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe!


I'm so scared of rolling right now.


For someone who knows the exact time of night, you are shit with directions.


All right. I'm going to send an Eldritch Blast towards the octopus.


Just resistant to it.


I thought you were talking to yourself again.


I'm going to groggily stumble over, put on my googles as I start stumbling towards the light.


Turtle! It's only a turtle!


Yeah, I know. I say "Where is Tiberius?" in Draconic.


There's four more of them. Stay back.


About an hour?


Flowers?


Yeah, keep creeping, keep creeping.


I give you a colorful one.


I thought you died. I watched you die.


I'll sing a song about myself. The best kind of songs. (singing) Cube, glorious cube! You really should try it. If you're in the mood, I won't even hide it. I'll pull down my trousers for any gal or dude, O cube, glorious cube, wonderful cube, magical cube!


And he is off the deck how high about now? What would you ballpark it?


Do you need to run from the Broker, or can you stay with us for a few days?


Oh, of course! It's right here on the table. Sorry, grandfather.


I'm laughing, by the way.


Yeah, and to refresh, that's a wand. Does that still use my spell slot?


Okay, where does that sphere of vertical influence start?


You have no power over me.


We're luring them. And also, might I remind you all, that they're being mind controlled by this, what, illithid--


Well, that's why you wanted money, I assume, from your mother, was to help us out in the position we're in.


You had the contract.


That was a Dickens novel.


Eight. 27.


Could it?


Why don't you think about it for a while?


Who did that?


Up the stairs.


And I can do double damage to structures. Can I beat him out?


This book--


What about a sign-off, like, "The Knights of Requital are rising."


Is that what Sam would do?


Guys, thank you, oh my god, I'm so happy to be sharing this.


Man, you did a really good job with what you were told to do.


They might really like it here.


Nightshade.


Why not something darker? Like ash, charcoal, black powder.


Is it far away? You can set my arrow on fire and send it down.


Think about Sprigg, right? His tummy was glowing like fucking Teddy Ruxpin. I want to see you swallow that shit.


All right. Super fast.


Yeah. 3,400.


You've got--


You want to keep going?


You. We roll together.


I'll make sure you see a sunrise. Now come on. We need you with us anyway.


How many more of those do you have?


Hopefully it will dry.


A simple, level three Dispel Magic can get rid of a 9th-level permanent Polymorph?


Ugh. I love the ocean!


Multiple dragons.


I'll take the front.


17 times two is 34.


It doesn't get any more intense. (all laugh)


Run in, grab the armor, Plane Shift out. Can they chase us down if we do that?


It still has disadvantage from the-- for its attack, though.


And I will bamf there.


Can I get some closed-mouth ones?


Could have been tundra. Could have been tundra.


What if he were to go in and get it himself?


But it's nice to be able to speak it.


Do you know a goblin named Furgle Burgle?


Yeah. Wait, by 1d6.


That's the first time I've heard Sam say "Okay, okay, okay."


Yes, the one that burst into flame.


I'll look up where everybody is and I'm like--


She knows how to get there.


And then there were three.


The bottom rope is tied to the bottom so if you tie the rope to the boat, you got yourself an anchor or a moor.


I reach into the Bag of Holding. I take out the second-place medal, the participant medal, and I go, make sure Kern gets this. (laughter)


That's good, that's good. Okay. Hey, so... This is difficult for me to do. Did you know that Scanlan had acquired drugs?


He is best cat.


Keyleth, Vax.


Oh no! He's like a dragon!


Can I use a two-handed weapon? Oh, I have a shield.


The cart is not back?


Do what you feel, Scanlan.


Yeah, we did say we were going to get better at that.


Oh, shit. I'll start going towards it.


I'm up first! Okay, did I hear it happen to Fjord? Did I hear anything?


Primal.


They get their own--


No, I don't want any, I need more of the hands-on healing, you know what I'm saying?


Trinket, have you ever experienced anything like this? Do you know anything about this gooey shite?


What! This is the best thing ever.


I mean, what are our chances of walking around town and going like, 'hey, that prison, 'right? Right over--'?


I snap the thing into the lock. Oh no. I knew I shouldn't have done that.


Do you get advantage because he's prone?


Which you have been. After a lot of research--


It was an honest question.


Yeah, he's still in the ball.


These are shit. I slide them off the table--


I'll blind him at a level three.


So I'm still down on my knees.


I'm going to try and make a wig out of it.


Will you please tell your sister that we have enough money to fund several townships, and that this guy wants 1500 gold for four healing potions and we have almost none.


Is it directly above me?


(shouting) My door, my door!


Hey! Actually-- no, I don't want to talk to you. Keyleth. What do you know about magical things? Like a lot?


We had someone last year.


Oh gosh. I guess I shoot him. Can I see him to shoot him?


You fucking genius!


32 points of damage on the first one with the great weapon master, five of which is necrotic. 32 on the first one.


But wait, maybe nobody heard.


So the upper left corner from where we're looking.


I think we did.


You're welcome for that armor.


I always carry a closet with me.


Go to Geek & Sundry, then click on shows, then click on Critical Role, and that'll get you there.


I'll peek my head into one of those rooms where the crew is hiding. I'll say: You, you, and you. Get your ass up. I want these crates taken above deck and put on our ship. Do it quickly, do it quietly.


I don't think the caboose makes sense now!


Wait, didn't I have Freedom of Movement?


Does that count, if I hit it into my box and it slammed into the side? Does that count, or should I let it roll naturally?


Can I cast something?


The sword.


Yeah it is, it's adorable and it's funny.


All right, so, let's see what happens.


Oh, that's excellent.


What would you like for lunch? I already ate.


Hit her with a stick.


29 points of damage.


Four miles.


I'm keeping watch up front.


I'm keeping some distance.


Spinning it. Spinning it now. On the tip.


Gilmore shirts. The Gilmore shirts are still up, along with socks, vinyl stickers, mugs, patches, bracelets, pins, hats, nail wraps, logo shirts, the disturbingly comfortable 'How do you want to do this?' t-shirt and hoodie, and more, but not really more. That's actually I think everything. (all laugh)


The wolves are the primary goal, stopping short of Jester. They are the wall, the outer edge.


Do we need to talk to anybody here?


I am terrible! Wisdom saving throw? 12.


There's not actual spaghetti.


Can I try and hold the sphere to my chest?


I'm worried about the big guy.


I like killing roving beasts.


Right, and your voice doesn't change, so you probably don't want to try and sound like Grog all night.


You were on the council with him, do you know anything further?


Okay, not a problem. Ten, 19, 29 on the first one.


It's the girth of Gern.


Oh god, what if it's a giant spider?


Five more hours.


I'll be behind Grog.


In addition to the insects, do we start to become aware of wildlife around? Birds and beasts?


It's not good for me.


Just the fried piece. Not even an onion left in there.


Okay, hang on, if someone has to roll to see if second Scanlan is dispelled, do you have to roll?


28 Days Later zombies.


Oh, thanks. You're my favorite-- everything, I guess. (laughter)


But we don’t know. I just want-- for the next two to four weeks-- I would prefer to keep it either in a lead-lined container or in that bag. Chances are small, but if someone was really determined.


Okay. So it's a 15.


(growls) I'm going to go earth elemental.


A contract?


Where is everybody?


We'll give you a little lessons in economics as we travel, just for fucking future parley situations.


Sorry, I did a quick scrying spell and I know that we're 50 shirts away from the total, so keep going. Get your mother a shirt. Keep going.


Three of us!


I'm going to cast Zone of Truth.


Since this is a lot of time that's passing, and it's just Beauregard and I in this carriage, can I, as a ritual spell, cast Detect Magic and check out the cart around us?


Wait, you can do that?


We plan a heist for tonight. We wait until she's asleep.


No, you don't know! You don't know!


They're angry. They were following us.


Oh yeah. I bust out one of the wooden daggers. I walk up and I try to stab it into his heart. In front of my brother.


When any time we let them buy us drinks, I'm just going to put a silver in anybody's pocket who's buying us drinks.


But Gilmore looked at that. I had Gilmore look at it and he said it was scary.


Oh no, wait, no. Hold on.


Cleff, you know, you seem to have a fine eye and talent for mechanical devices.


Think about it.


Go for that natural 20!


No! You know me better than that!


And I'm throwing my ax at him with the chain of returning as well.


That does remind me. Scanlan?


My friend Mark Whitten has a DND-based webseries starting tomorrow called Rolling High, I think it's youtube/rollinghigh, check it out.


Yes, because I’m scared. Beau is going to--


Disco dragon!


Excellent. I'm going to take a run towards my sister, since she's right close to him, he's distracted so I'm going to turn just as I get to her, so my back presses against hers and swing around and sneak attack two daggers up in his belly.


Yeah, just like a backpack vacation, you know? Just stretch my legs a little bit. Meeting some fine people. Discovering myself.


Shit! Let's try the other one.


I have inspiration?


This is, like, your shit, so let's go.


I'm always in an existential crisis. I'm going to go now.


No, I'm going to move on my broom so he doesn't know I'm there. I'm going to fly to here.


I can cast Invisibility.


It's a pew pew stick.


She's not 60 feet away.


They're the distraction.


I'm going to come.


Okay. That's a 15. Did 15 work?


No, in a week.


That's not how you do that!


30 foot.


Wake up. I think I'm going to escort Horris out. Be back as fast as I can.


That's right in front of-- I pull out my cloaks in my bag and start trying to put out the flames. Keyleth, what? Was that supposed to happen? Is that good? Was this good? Should I stop? I keep putting out the flames.


That's enough! There's no time! We got to keep going! I can't do it! Do it for me! Now we're going to go to Taliesin with a song.


Fifth.


I was going to say, did they come to your room as well?


Everybody's hiding.


Wait wait wait, I've got some thing. I just gave everyone in the party rupees, treasure!


I will definitely have to think about it. Because that's a lot--


That may be because in battle I am deft, fearless.


At the respawn point.


I would very much-- I have never had a candied apple before.


Wait, should I cast Pass Without a Trace on us? No, I'm going to do the Oracle Arrow first. Oh. What if we wake it up when I shoot it down and things come out?


Can I kick?


I had ulterior motives.


Well, half a day, and then a whole other day.


We should get some fanny packs.


Also, you have to train your animal to harass mine.


I'll do it. I'll do it.


Plus ten to whatever you roll.


We'll have to tune in next Thursday to see what it is.


Gnome coverage. [Marisha And Taliesin] Gnome coverage.


Do I roll now?


But it's already happened.


We swing it over. Somebody needs to make a loud noise when we throw the grapple over.


Because your damage is reduced since you're teeny.


Rough me up?


Basically worst scenario possible. That's all you had to say: worst scenario possible.


You may have to tank this.


Isolate!


We now have something that rivals a shopping episode. It's called the library.


We could be in business!


Then we'd be a raft in the ocean.


She was?


Hey, Ms. Beau.


And I have a bad side.


I'm really sorry. These two gentlemen obviously have been off their ass. They came in here, smelling of booze, looking for something to make them feel better, I don't know, and they just passed out in the corner. Is there someone you know that we can call? I really hate just leaving them here.


Well, the candied apples are hard, right? The caramel apples are softer. Do you have caramel apples?


Fuck. Nine.


I'll think on it. I'll think on it. Thank you.


Who is this leader of yours?


What the fuck are you reading it for, then?


I will use my luck point. (gasping)


Ja, and I send Frumpkin, who's holding his breath schlooping up on top of his chest. He's hungry, and so am I. (laughter)


From Harry Potter.


I don't think I've ever done this before. I'm not entirely sure.


Yeah, I do that.


I don't mean to pry into your business too much, but are your appointments exclusively here, or have you ventured to his place?


But did you need it?


Medium?


If we take a few minutes and I take another breather-- because being a rock elemental takes it out of you for a little bit-- and you guys can make some bombs, I can go back in there as an elemental.


We're going to risk it all. [break] [no audio]


That's my mother's name.


I've got double speed.


Ooh, nice! Okay, we try to go to the second one and break through. Okay, so this time, I'll be more specific. I'll go hm, hm, hm, and then we pull it! Yeah, one, two, three, pull!


You have to stay far away from Winston.


Wonder where she gets it from?


There's music.


Zsundie with a "J"?


You can make the chasm look like it's solid ground!


I have so much adrenaline during these kind of fights.


Oh shit. Fuck.


Oh, I get another one!


Natural 20! (cheering)


And the donkey dong?


Now we're definitely going to kick some ass.


Do you remember, in all your time there, did you ever deal with-- this is completely ridiculous-- a merchant who only had one eye?


I can! It's as if I can see the spittle myself!


Oh, yes! Yes, it makes me look cute! (laughter)


Percy, do you know of anything that's big and tall, around ten feet, has six eyes going straight down in a row in pairs, really thick hide skin, legs like trunks--


Scritches, yeah, scritches.


(French accent) Well, you haven't seen what I have to offer.


I guess I should do a Cutting Words, just to help a little bit.


That and her beautiful hair. (laughs)


We have lots of ways to hurt it before it gets there. We have arrows and guns. We're fine.


And then four.


Pardon our appearance. And stench.


War God's Blessing?


If I say it so you can understand it, what's the point?


I don't know why I'm so excited right now. Everything's dead.


I'm stabilized.


Let's stay on topic here.


And I will also use my bonus action to cast Healing Word on Vax.


I'm sorry, I'm in the need of some incense.


Pike?!


You're rolling with sleight of hand, so add sleight of hand to whatever you roll.


Yeah, holding the chair for Jester.


All right, fine! One cup of it.


That is how it's done.


I've heard gnome parties are the craziest kind.


While he does that, I'm going to go immediately for the gate and look at that, into the stairs, and see what the deal is.


Yeah I know, I remember.


Is it okay to do that?


That was good! Snaps for that one!


(yell) That's my action.


You accidentally knocked one off the roof, Matt, five minutes ago.


Ain't that the truth.


That was not as good a kiss as usual. I was worried, but it was special.


God damn it! (laughter)


Critical fail!


I am nervous.


You got it on your phone, right?


We can get you something else nice. I have a plan for this armor!


Ahead of us.


I get sneak attack because I'm first to go. It's not surprise. All right. Fuck. (counting) 34. 34 and the second dagger will go as well for seven. Plus poison. DC of 15.


Sweet. Natural one.


There's a volcano?


Oh no, he didn't even get a new franchise before it was--


What exactly is an archfey?


Excuse me.


Well no, a 22 wisdom will get him plus seven, or plus six, to his--


No, yeah, that is a good place, or we're going to get in a battle.


Yes! Come on, yes!


Flushing, what does that mean?


That one scene?


No, but there are a lot of bones there. They looked like--


Oh, fucking hell. Oh jesus, come on.


Listening to their footfalls.


I'm going to very gently lift the back of the tent up and not go in through the front. And just--


No no no, 150 platinum.


I take a step forward and unsheathe a dagger an inch and say, we're going to keep this civil today, aren't we?


I'm blue.


Ash, I'm going to take a picture and send it to you.


No, he doesn't know which of his toys to play with.


Cool, I'll stay right where I am.


No, he's got a fair point. I'll give him that.


Six, okay. I'm dead.


I will go first.


Screw you. I want my final words with you to be indignant and irritated.


30 feet to the right.


That's pretty cool.


Yeah, it's me. I know, you can't tell.


Hey, Mister Caleb. Good evening.


Thanks! I'm not good with lines. Keyleth isn't good with lines. Are you afraid of us? I heard Percy try to do lines, and I'm like, that's what badasses do.


(laughs) I never got a beret. Did I get a beret?


Pick Nott up, walk Nott over to one of the tablets. We'll say the north wall and I face Nott towards the tablet and I say: What do you see?


We're in a group.


Thank you. I'm glad my friends support me.


While drunk.


It was worth a try.


These are auto-crits, though, because we are surprising them.


Wait. If we destroy the Briarwoods, it will be no trouble to come down here and let anyone out who's down here. If she's who she says she is, we don't know.


Just roll a natural 20, Joe.


Directly overhead of where the spider disappeared.


I'm going to cover his mouth and lay him down in the grass, and do another blow to his temple to try and knock him out.


This is not my night.


It's so simple and beautiful.


Thank you, yes.


Don't fly away like I did. Oh, wait, your broom's over there, all right. They are watching us. They came in close, and then they left, so I don't think we're safe anymore.


We've got eyes on. We're above. Just go hide.


You have advantage on wisdom saving throws.


I meant convince him to come inside.


Right, but I mean in that last room.


Have I walked this path before? I never walked this path at all.


I cast Detect Magic.


I believe Pike and I both have access to spells like that.


Hey, everybody.


It was holding a baby.


These three are of great value to us and they are our friends, and we are better off with them, and it is worth the trouble. We cannot accomplish what we've come out here to do in the first place without them. What?


Any doorknob or a keyhole that's on the ground or anything?


Hey, Percy!


I'll head over to the other house. Show me on the map where it is so I know where I'm going.


Grog, I'm just so tired.


I'm just so excited about this, you guys! I kind of just wanted to get the apron made so I could personally have it.


I just want Vax and Keyleth to do the original Superman movie dialogue while he and Lois are flying.


We'll talk to him in the morning. We got to go.


Matches my beard, now.


We are continuing on, but I just want to point out that the place with no doors also fucking shrunk.


Tary, can you tinker up some Raid real quick?


Can we have Tiberius standing there to just Firebolt it?


An intelligence check? Oh, because I got to put them together. Two!


I want to see if I can disarm.


Can I please knock the legs of the chair out?


I wouldn't know how to help with that.


Try something else.


Looking. Up to an hour. Ooh, and it takes two hours just to get there?


What a beautiful tree you've found. It casts so much shade. (laughter)


6d8? Can I have two more d8s, please? Those were definitely d6s.


She would follow her.


No, we're not. We're here for a long time.


And then I'm going to do my second attack.


I just pull out an arrow and get ready.


Split his head like a gourd.


I don't know who to trust anymore.


Oh, that's cool, okay.


Just be sensitive around him. I know that that's not your strong suit, but he doesn't deal well with harsh criticism all the time.


So I will direct you, again, to hit the dude.


Yeah, but he almost killed us like super easy.


All right, I'll stay back down here with the pillow fort thing. Fine. But after they go to sleep, I go upstairs and go back to my bed.


Are you guys good? Do you want to keep training?


It took us 45 minutes to walk here.


Correct. Can I just take a second and ask Caduceus to check the door?


Minus from your intelligence.


I don't see it. I'm not looking through it.


Can I tell how old this thing looks?


Up on deck though, and see if anyone's around.


The triple blink afterwards.


I'll do a quick glance for anything that looks like it could have loose boards, secret compartments.


Well, A) he did that, not us, and B) we were all very much friends and happy with each other when he did that, and he is not happy with us. It's not exactly the same thing, dear. But if you want to go with me and find him and check in and say hello, I'd be very happy to do that with you. But to send the woman who threw our friend, drugged, over the back of a horse, and took him off to his family? I don't really want to send her after Scanlan, to look in on him or follow him or watch him or anything him. It didn't sound like his father wanted him dragged back on the back of a horse, and it happened anyway. She doesn't seem very trustworthy to me. Yeah, she's cool. So what?


Do we have Pass Without a Trace?


That is beyond a generous sentence.


It gets better!


They're not going to let you see the super secretive weird shit in the back.


Not while we're still in it.


Tag you in! Tag you in!


(strained) Yeah, this table is pretty heavy too.


Wait, wait, wait!


I don't believe it!


I want to save some grit for some problems. (raspberry)


I can't see. It's dark, I'm blind. It's the safer bet, to aid my friend on the next turn.


I remember when I got those for you when they were still prototypes in a little white box.


That's 30. For the first.


We can't keep everything.


I will go find Allura for you as an apology for being a dick last night. And I fly off and I go try to find Allura.


Burch-icide!


I've missed... you.


Yeah, Little Sparky.


Mythcarver gets you some action once every two years.


Right. I'd say something about that that doesn't kill you makes you stronger, but I feel pretty fucking weak right now.


How can we go there blindly if you don't know where a tree is?


22 for--


Does this sound familiar to you?


How's it going up there?


I can slip it up my back and then you can be on my shoulders like you're tired or something?


Let's see, there's a window, right? Can I run upstairs?


Oh no, Fjord! Are you melting?!


So we're going through water to get to air.


Yeah. Oh god.


Well, you can move out of the way of the doorway so that other people can shoot at him better, maybe, in line of sight. Just move out of the doorway!


How did we do it last time?


One at the bottom of the sea.


Can you use a bonus to help anyone?


I'll go first. I'm going to try and break grapple, obviously, since that's what I have to do.


It's all in speed, man. 15.


How have you been, Kutha?


I cast Stoneskin.


Hmm. What a good word.


Molly, come on now.


The hole is this thick.


Well, get used to disappointment, shithead.


You there! By gods, you guys are stocking up something fierce!


Can I ask you, really fast?


Newark.


One of us has.


Nice. Athletics?


Nine?!


I have a goodberry.


Oh. How is that, being married to a god? That's rather inconvenient.


We should find out if Blemmy's crew also got stolen from. Do we remember if Blemmy's crew hung around the tavern afterwards?


I know, I want to go look at the tea set.


When they walk past you guys, we'll attack.


That's-- I can't talk. 21.


What is his name?


I'm always eating stuff. Maybe we should get some of the others to come in and do a more--


Right, so we camped and we got up, right?


Fucking Verizon. (laughter)


(laughing) Oh, man.


Anybody that is, you know, very skilled?


I got a shield, bitches.


That's weird for you.


No, I am not going to put my hand in there.


Looks super cray.


(off-camera) Yeah, we're good on the stream.


We hide somewhere and we're never seen at all and you'll bamf in. Unless you disguise yourself as Tiffany now. Then I would say we find a hidden place, potentially in our private quarters in the Bloated Cup, that you bamf into.


We're sorry.


You never know. They could've died trying. And then walked away undead.


Yes, does that stretch across the planes?


You're also unaffected by difficult terrain. And spells and other magical effects can neither reduce the target's speed nor cause the target to be paralyzed or restrained.


Zac, did you type that?


This dice is out for the rest of the game. I'm gonna run. Is there an outcropping where we are? I can't see.


Is it under a thousand gold?


It's pretty high, considering.


No! I never have. I can actually say that.


Sorry, what do I do?


Can I sit on the ground? I wanna sit on the ground and wrap my cloak around me and make myself look like a rock.


And I can help.


How fast can my broom go?


Is everything all right, Uriel?


Is there anything-- do one of you guys wanna-- can one of you guys check me to see if there's something in there that I don't know? Vax?


I've got a light stone in my pocket if anyone wants to go for it. Here, hold on--


That's why I was thinking fuckface. Well, is fuckface a step down from fucko?


Girl power healed me. I feel it.


