I guess we'll wait, yeah.


Yes, I'll say  Shit, I missed! Let me try again! I'll reload and I'll go pop and shoot the goblin right next to me.


Okay, I'm going to Invoke Duplicity 30 feet in front of me.


Yeah, and so does the stuff that you make. I just assumed you were conjuring, you know, sea pigeons and stuff.


Yes! Okay! Do I get sneak attack on him? I don't, do I?


A lillul lillul pixie.


Blend in.


She would never do such a thing. She wouldn't do it. You're lying.


Start banging your weapons together.


Hoooly shit.


There's no face. So if I were to make a head attack, that would probably be really goddamn useless. One way to find out.


We could do a little stakeout!


You know like grandmas in malls, like around Christmas time.


Have him take care of it. Well, we know what's in it. There's inventory, so if anything's missing, it's on him. It's on Dent.


It looks like it's getting better. Oh yes. Does it feel like it's getting better?


Yeah, if you keep them away, Yasha and I can make it work.


She sniffs a purse every time she wants to make a decision.


Has he? That's not what other people have said.


Is it a profession of love? (laughs) Damn it!


Yeah, so take some of the metal and melt it down into the head.


It takes no damage for that?


Like a rock in his face!


Yes. No, we just want to look at the house.


I just want you to know, I was trying to free you.


Oh snapricot.


Fjord and Jester made out.


Okay, see if he's full of shit. 14?


And Grog is 18.


We need less than 300 subs for that bear. I think we can do that. I think that's pretty likely.


That's uh, I don't know where on my character sheet is. That's also a 14.


Bless you. But no, seriously. I don't know what any of this means.


That's a lot.


That's too much. I feel like we can take the book to him. I think if we say that we knew about the plot, we suspected, and were looking for proof--


Okay. How big an audience space is it?


Make sure you tell the Plank King it's a limited time engagement.


Then he'll look like a fucking commoner.


Don't you touch my friend.


Right, it was a good day, right? Like, superb.


I'm gonna cast Hex.


It's a perception? 22.


Never to be forgotten.


(sings) I want to go where the people are.


No, that's fine.


I really have to go. Can I go before you? Thanks. (music)


I'm chaotic neutral. Sam?


Against them! Against the skittering creatures


It is a good thing.


Grog, do you want to trade boots, by the way, again?


Yeah, or would I know of what his name would be from the telling of the Second Spark and any of my elemental knowledge as a druid?


When you show up, right off the truck, you don't know what you're doing.


It's a fucking one! For the third time in a row!


Did we do that before?


I'm not a good thrower. Is that what you call it, thrower?


Listen, the skull we took out of the house. I haven't told you, but it grants a wish and only those that dark things have touched can use it. That's you and that's me, as far as I know. It said it wanted you, but I wasn't going to let him have you. It grants a wish. We can change all of this. I feel like it was there in case the dragons came out of that portal. It was facing the inside of the room, it moves, and there's something in there. I feel like it's a weapon. What the fuck else are we going to do? We go for more help, it'll get killed coming into this city. We're not strong enough to take four of these fucks.


I mean, of course you can stay--


I'm just so--


Those two burnt men? Yes.


Travelers passing through to somewhere else.


Yeah! Oh, I don't think it works that far away from him.


One of us, one of us.


It could've been.


I want you to have some happiness in your life.


How about this, how about nobody ask the skull any more questions?


Taryon Darrington, pleased to make your acquaintance. Hi. I'm going to be leaving soon. (laughter)


Well, then they'll be easier to kill up here than they will be down there.


Yeah! Through the paper.


I've got an idea. I run back to Grog, stealthed. I get our flying carpet.


A long time ago.


Now you're not going to be able to see anything because they have terrible eyesight.


It can be maybe in a chest above Fassbender, 'cause he's going to be buried, and then it can be triggered maybe when the dragon lifts it up.


Because we've just covered this in our Handbooker Helper episode.


So I'm at 83 points.


Oh, do you need help reading a book, Percival?


Okay. They're fiends.


--and the bravado.


Stealth roll?


Just his study, then we'll go.


No! I already said that I had them. No. No, he doesn't do that.


That will happen. I did not even mean to discuss this, coming here, but I noticed, coming in, a sigil under your carpet. I had no intention of this, but we need to get back to Kraghammer in a bit of a hurry, and I certainly have no abilities, but do you remember my friend Tiberius? Dragonborn fellow?


I need to go to The Pillow Trove, which is the nice tavern in the place.


The strange fellow down the road sent me to you. He said you might have some ore?


Maybe we could do a cave-in.


Does that mean that's an automatic death save failure, though?


An onyx statue of a dog.


19?


Or the blade, the sphere!


He may have licked a couple of them.


I'm shooting our friend over there. I've just sort of turned, and I'm firing.


One girl, two cubs! (laughter)


Everybody's rolling high tonight. Except us.


Wait, is that it? We need to know, because if that's it, then we've got to go get drinks. (laughs) That was our promise.


Thanks a lot, Tiberius.


Everybody, our trip to the UK changed us in a lot of ways. We were exposed to the European culture and that area of the world. We fell in love with it. Tonight, there's so much to talk about that I'm going to need some help. Everyone knows Matt's Scottish accent is top notch, but I've been studying with a dialect coach that I found on Craigslist and I think I'm ready to unveil my Scottish brogue. Now, because it's so accurate, Matt's going to translate what I'm saying. I'm going to be saying things in traditional, accurate Scottish about D&D Beyond that he'll translate into American English.


Wolfstar is a total space cowboy.


Oh, I will.


Do I get any advantages?


What is this, acrobatics?


All right, I'll saunter over with my drink and sit down at the table. Come on everyone, let's do this.


I follow Pike and peck at her bread crumbs as she crosses the road.


Oh, reverse reverse psychology!


There's not some deep secret that you're keeping from us?


I'm going to say it's-- The strength is 50.


Between you and me, we're the most powerful ones in the group.


No, it's not a real box. I'll stick my hand through it. I heard everything!


Yeah, you can have it back if you want, I just took it for the swamp.


What about drawing him out to a luncheon or whatnot?


It's got disadvantage on its attacks.


Oh! It's early.


The Hand of Ord is supposed to be super secret.


And it won't take us a whole week to prepare for this party. All we need is a couple disguises.


Vax getting all the kisses.


You're not too little, Nott, you're not.


You didn't think of him at the time?


I'm a little soberer than I'd like to let on. Not sober, but-- I don't quite want to say surprise for tomorrow, but I may have something exciting to show you tomorrow. I'm going to need you to be extra intimidating tonight, because tomorrow I'm going to be very intimidating right back at you.


Let's tippy-toe around the back door.


You have a bajillion health points.


We are pretty hurt here.


Does my tracking tell me anything?


Height by 20 feet? And I imagine that would throw it a bit.


If you want to discover what girls actually like, ask girls.


(hearty laugh)


No, it smells good to me!


12 and ten.


Does she have a Cure Wounds?


Yeah. Mm-hm. Yeah.


Wait, we can show it? Are we going to show it?


Two. Three.


Only men name their things. (laughter)


We have-- We have two carpets. Two carpets.


We're just spoiled for choice.


Do you want some of this lumpy milk?


Do not use it against Kevdak. You don't want something making your strength unnatural when you fight your new foe.


That sounds really shitty.


As, actually--


(whoosh) Poison Spray! It's a ten-foot cone.


Trinket rolled 21.


We stay down.


The dicks look like his dicks.


Are you using that?


If we have what she needs, she'll have to play nice.


Oh shit, how did I get the same thing? Look.


She can heal herself on a good day.


I'm a big boy. Well, I'm a little boy. But I'm a little big boy.


That's real good.


Grab all the dice. Grab all the dice!


Juicing, man, he's juicing.


He's going to roll. He's going to do something.


I thought maybe the top was coming out of the water.


Oh, so wait, I get to roll for damage now? It's a bunch of d6s right? 8d6.


I say we camp outside.


Tary-- Tary!


What you got, girl?


Everybody at home gets out their swatch they got.


Nah, we win money. There's money in it. I like it. I say we go for it.


All right, so which way is Wildmount?


I don't know. It's hard to say. Do they seem distracted? Can I make anything else out?


Ja, danke. Okay.


I cast Major Regret at 5th-level.


I'm giving Yasha a piggy-back ride.


Yeah, you don't get to keep eyes on me all hours of the day.


I know, I wasted them all!


Well, I rolled a 14 but it's better than that, it's 16.


I can make it really foggy.


I give him a pet. But is it real? I don't understand because sometimes it just poofs, you know?


Thank you. Thank you for the information.


Remind us. Did we bullshit our way in here, or did--


Well, there's a few people in our party who are good at that.


Ooh! 16 for Pike.


What am I adding?


As she's saying that, I start using--


That's cool. Go up and in.


Yes, hard-to-find spice. I don't know if they have it in this particular bazaar. It takes a seller with a keen eye to identify it.


You do!


One of 17.


2,600 gold to get some booty, I like it.


What was that other item you had?


Because you have a big lollipop to carry.


As I go down the hole, I pull the rug over the hole.


Just letting the fairies do the work.


I'm going to throw something again at Sam.


Oh! That's a better Valentine's Day.


I add two hit points to myself?


Well, I'm up in the air again. Of all the people who really shouldn't be in the air, I'm up in the air again.


Oh. Really?


For now.


Can we talk about Keyleth's child murdering?


Vision fades? That's all I got?


It's nappies time. Nappy time.


All right. Okay. So we're going to mess with the statue.


Pike and I can cast Daylight on our magic carpet.


It looks like he was being born.


Until recently, okay.


If I Scry.


He dead.


I... not to be a pest, but--


Do I need to roll for this?


Nein?


Going the rest of my movement, which you said I used 40 feet? 50? So I have another 70 feet of movement.


Mostly we don't. We don't live near the ocean.


Oh, I think I got like a 21.


Honestly, I'll say, I've had a number of years thinking about what I would do and what I would say and how I would go about this. This kind of obsession is not healthy, and I know that, and it's no way to live. And I'm sure that was something on the list of things I thought I would say, some attempt to be scary when I met them, as opposed to being scared, I think I was-- (sighs) again, I don't really remember much because I was so angry. I've never been so angry. And I think I was just trying to sound threatening. And I'd had these dreams before, you know I've-- you don't build anything like this without the knowledge that you're-- I'm aware that inventing this thing has been a mistake.


Yeah, she's around.


We'll go over to the ogre, I guess?


Burning down the grit.


We're all sure about this? We're out? 100%?


Towards the door?


What about the door?


He's got it. He's got a whole strategy. He's street-smart, this guy.


Ooh, I bet we can get some of that poison. Dip the arrows in it.


That's nine points of normal damage, two points of psychic damage, six points of necrotic.


I think it was part of a thing. I don't know.


I did teach him that.


I'll shift in right behind him and see Molly looking around, give him a little wink, and I'll take the falchion and take the back of his head off.


So I'm going to do that. Okay, and then the Scorching Ray happens. And I'm going to heighten that spell, which gives you disadvantage against the save? Is that what I want to do? Yeah, that's what I'm going to do.


The jade beaded bracelet?


This is why I wanted a stupid water elemental.


Oh god, it's so awkward! I just don't know. Thank you, Percy. I'll let you know if there's anything that I need.


No, I grabbed it. As I'm going with me. I can't do that?


No, we would need to--


But I wrote it down.


Do you have any details? Something that could lead us to him? Your god of secrets?


Until we figure out a damn way to get it out of that lair.


I just like the idea of the formation.


You will win Matthew Mercer's wood tonight. No?


Other two! Or maybe not.


Right. Nine. That's a lot.


Not enough to make a concentration check?


$250?


I warmed it up first.


This is the second time around you.


Like, at all during the day, even? Just a question. If we wanted to shop or something. Not okay?


So it's even.


Yeah. I'm going to turn your head into a dreidel.


He puts the wand down in front of Jester.


It was good, but you have to reroll it. I'm sorry, man.


The Core Anvil is going to float up from the magma.


It's a lot, it's just a lot of spots right now, but I'm sure.


Yeah, let's sleep up in the trees tonight, before we make our way into this area.


It is going to be very special. Thank you, Molly.


Can you do it?


Your name?


Berenstain Bear.


So with undead I also roll an additional 2d6, so am I doing four? How many?


The whole eastern seaboard is shut down.


She's the one who made them?


So 18 max up and then an 18 on top of that that goes away once you get hit.


Let's get what we need and get out.


You're still huge? Oh! Nope. Yeah, you're huge.


Jesus, that's an intense water ski.


You mean that hamster, right?


Do I see the triggering mechanism?


It's a French tickler.


So it gets an attack of opportunity from--


Which necklace would that be?


It makes her fairly close to Thordak, it would seem. Apparently, when she came to the Fire Ashari, she was about 15 years old, and...


Okay, for the d6s alone. Okay, that's six plus four, that's ten plus another five, 15, plus three is 18.


I need to start planning. Oh man.


Um. Why, no, Percival.


Trial Forge.


From, yes. Drove in from New York.


Her name is-- I wrote this down.


Home for a bit, at least. And of course, everybody is welcome, always.


I have a little opening that I made for myself. (laughter)


Second attack. Four plus one is five. Plus the psychic damage-- Is he a fiend? Is he getting anything extra from this?


Those are both my attack actions. I'm going to use a ki point to go into Patient Defense at that point because that sucked.


Fire and ranged attacks.


How many of them were there?


Okay. Rinse, repeat. I send Fumpkin under the first door, pull Keg a little bit further so we are by those doors.


Champions over here.


We've all read stories of the extraordinary, but you do not have this in your wheelhouse, you are saying?


I drop it in the coals.


That's not bad. I mean, that's a lot.


Well, we were saying that the terribly injured, the people with the worst injuries--


I only have one greater healing potion right now.


We ran into a really weird thing in Whitestone, and I bet you know some shit about it, because you know shit about everything.


I'm going to take two more shots on him. The next shot is a Sharpshooter shot.


All right, I'm inching up, I'm pulling Scanlan behind me, but I'm inching up to this door, just peeking through, seeing what I can see.


Yeah, I probably can't even get all of it out, but let me-- Let me see what I can do.


Cave first?


My best friend.


We need patronage.


Is it wood? All right, well at least it's elm.


Shattered Teeth, what's the Shattered Teeth? Did your teeth shatter? Is that a place?


And how thick is it, based on what she just did?


Welcoming committee.


I'm staying. Is Trinket still behind me?


So the question is, is there actually someone of some minor intelligence living there that is this magical key, or did that person get eaten by a giant?


You have the bag of slimy skin.


No, you'll tell me now.


Penny Bear.


Yeah, this is so much fun. I'm glad we are helping this random-ass penguin.


13 is all that I rolled, though.


That's 31?


You're wearing sleeves.


With his dagger.


But Caleb does not not know that and does not tip. He has no experience with any of it.


You speak goblin?


"Without sufficient magical essence the distillation is proven to consistently fail. A shame, really. I shall seek an influx of materials elsewhere before I can continue this project. Regarding the weapon, after a year of taking notes from eyewitness accounts, my original designs were faulty and recently cost me my hand. The wind of fortune has seen a shift it seems as Sylas just returned from Emon, having encountered the still-living subject, and had the pleasure of seeing his work first-hand. His unnatural eyes took in much detail. I believe his observations have brought me to the brink of finishing my design. I intend to journey from Whitestone within a couple of months to gather the components needed. But, if Delilah's hunch is correct, the subject is heading here. I may find myself needing to leave sooner than anticipated."


I can't believe the Jethro Tull song with no flutes was the one you happened to find!


Hopefully, this war will go on schedule. But there's our promise. That's the best you're going to get. I head out.


We're going to have to do something.


And I know how far away from the center of town are we--


One less. Ten.


Yeah. Old terrors.


Nott? I pull Nott close and I say  If you fucking fire on that ship before they fire on us you will never get into the Academy. Do you understand?


I was after the book.


I don't know who that is. (laughter)


Can we--


(death rattle) Not like this.


It's no DC. It just hits.


It really is. I'm going to die. I'm going to fucking die. He's going to kill me now.


I'm not doing a voice.


What's a rusty trombone? (laughter)


Let's look at it. (laughs)


Can I do Entangle instead and just do a concentrated Entangle?


Yeah, Cole was heading back to the city, though.


Hey! Get away from me! No!


I haven't milked this kind of-- no, I haven't milked a snake.


(laughing) No, you're stuck.


If you care about me.


I slowly walk up to her with the sword in my hand.


My time is valuable.


Stop. Trammel time!


That was strong!


Yeah, your head shots fucking MVP, man.


No, but I'm going to cheer people on, though, real good. (laughter)


Steal some?


Nae! I cannae be aff ma heed! It's Taps Aff cos eh D&D and Magic: The Gathering, ya numpty!


Oh, good diss.


I'm just a little peasant boy.


It came out of the ground.


No, I mean, the Iron Shepherds know my face, but it seems like there's so many weirdos in this town that, I don't know. No one seemed to be looking at me funny when we walked in. Oh, wait, I was dressed as a gnome, that's why. Never mind. (laughter)


Yeah! Trinket!


I watch very carefully.


But let's be real, it's still pretty good.


I just start scarfing.


Did I die? I think I died. In the water, I think I died.


Then you got hit by a wang!


Fjord's stuff, technically.


47.


The horses know who our friends are.


This armor is like the Little Mermaid armor. It's all for you. I found it, but I would like to trade it for you. Yeah, you have that glove, and I know I handed it over willingly just yesterday, but I have a checkered past and an interesting history with flame. Fire. There's no real reason. You'd be very good with that glove, but I feel like I would like to have that glove, and I would love for you to have this armor. I took a look at it while you guys were inside, and it would allow you to move freely in the ocean or in rivers or lakes, underwater, and keep you safe in water.


We have to keep people from defecting to him. The more people that he has, the more of his symbols that get spread around out of fear, the more he'll win.


Go check it out because the more people who check it out, the more likely they are to say, "This deserves to be an entire comic book."


With the dagger, maybe.


Do they look like us or were they just dressed like us? Are they made to look like us?


If we can pick the locks and untie everybody.


We need coins, yeah.


Yeah? What do they mean?


Thank you, Nott.


I take the gold. I put it back in.


I'll do it!


You're not going to heal me?


We should just marry then!


Can I feel if there's any wind coming from one of the tunnels, like there's an opening somewhere that leads out?


It’s a Beautiful Mind moment right now.


Correct, and one more  Giff or Mirt? They're both beasts!


Let's just start on grain alcohol, also. That was a good call on my part.


We thank you for your time. We are your willing allies.


You can't divine the sad out of alcohol. I don't think that works.


Does the Sphere of Annihilation get an attack of opportunity if I run away?


Hard to say no to that.


Jesus.


Grab the carpet. Grab the carpet with you, Kash!


When Grog goes to work. LIAM Boom. Kill the behir, take its glands, money.


So I didn't hear the number because I was reading, what was--?


On the end is '-hard' or '-heart'?


I don't know. This was like a Renn Faire purchase.


Okay. 21.


That's great. That is a 34.


I'm pretty sure that would be 150 points of damage.


Oh, fuck. Okay.


I'm going to take care of a little business outside, and then we'll seal up the opening.


You know, you're a good guy too, even though you try really hard to pretend not to be.


Yes. For the sake of this. I'm going to move my hands but just know my hands are here the whole time. Okay?


One shot, or would it just be one shot-- yeah, 'cause it might--


Well, I know that he lied to you, and I just found out that he lied to me, but it's okay.


Hi. Okay. I'm going to--


So it doesn't know anything, that's good. Let's find out if it can, does it have any magical properties beyond punching, can it, tell it to use magic.


I'm guessing the best time to sneak into any of these places is during the day.


My god, really?!


Did it just take its turn?


Down to the-- yeah, okay. Then, yes, I'm going to--


Just try it, man. Just try it.


Is anything glowing there though, Matthew?


You can heal my hand.


Not too long.


Brass.


Awesome. Go follow them on Twitter; I think they're @espionagemakeup. Just look it up. They're awesome.


Just air.


Oh sweet. Eight, 16, do I add the two for the bracers on that?


Unless the knight was Sylas. I don't know, I guess we'll find out.


All right, I'm going to click my boots, crack the door a few inches, and I'm going to hold my turn until one of our magic-users pulls a trick or Kevdak takes a swing at Grog.


How much would this task be worth to you? Obviously we are doing you quite a favor and we brought you quite a gift!


But that was just 30 minutes ago.


I can't do it. I have to do it by the rules.


We might be okay.


Then what are we talking about?


For an attack? Okay, so I realize it'll end my invisibility to do this, but I pop back out of my invisibility and I'm going to snipe one at him with advantage.


What do we do with Jorge? I'm kidding! (laughter)


Well, yeah, but--


Dude, what? You rolled a two?


I'm walking very cautiously. Hey, come here, big guy.


Well, he's saying create a distraction.


The tower, is it obscured by all this shit happening on top of it? Vex can see there's no windows; can we see if there's a rooftop to it at all?


Nope, no parents.


When did it happen?! (laughter)


Go to the post office. Check our P.O. box.


(similarly) For fuck's sake!


I rolled a 25 total.


I didn't even think about that.


(Grog voice) Where is he?


Even under three feet of sand.


Didn't you say nobody's around the Sun Tree?


I'll lean over to Nott and say  Nott, do me a favor and make sure he's not carrying anything fancy in his pockets.


This is our sergeant.


Shall we move forward to the first plane of webbing that would hinder our movement?


We're playing Ladies and Gentlemen, and there might be some gender reversal going on in that, and we're also going to be doing a new card game that was just Kickstarted with Indicade, and we have musical guest Echo Sparks coming by, as well as So You Don't Have To with Hector and Becca. We will be doing some things to them that are not very polite, and making them play pony games because we have a lot of pony Steam keys to give away.


Yeah. While I'm walking by him, though, I'm going to nail-- I don't even know if I'm really going to-- going to shoot him three times while I'm walking by, because that's funny. With Sharpshooter.


Trinket's going to move, and I'm going to attack again, can I do that?


He rolled pretty fricking bad. 12?


Is Beast Shape concentration?


This is all pretty much unworked stone for the most part? Since you said it was all self-carved. It's pretty rough.


Okay, very good, and here we go. That'll be ten points of damage.


All right, first two rounds. That's a 14 and a natural 20.


Do you want a pamphlet?


Can I share some of my 37 with Percy?


We don't hear anybody or anything?


Too bony.


I thought we were there. It's a lot going on.


You're drunk, go to sleep.


Oh, this guy.


Now I'm going to give us three cards, so we both roll, but we can't see. That's good. Okay.


Mm-hmm. How healthy-- oh, yeah.


All right. I need a higher-- I need a broom!


Before we go to the keep, do you want to swing by the place?


Whatever you would like to call it. Or just, yeah.


No, I didn't-- I didn't know he had a daughter. I mean, there was this really, like, killer babe in our group, I didn't-- where is he? Where's Aes, you guys?


Vengeance.


That's scary and dangerous.


Or the stone giant, yeah.


Between the Sheets! That was on Monday! That show is a one-on-one deep dive with Brian W. Foster, where he talks about how storytellers became storytellers, and he's starting with Taliesin, and he teaches you how to make a cocktail.


(clenching) Yes!


I pop Trinket out and I heal him.


The Hand?


I want to borrow Grog for just a second and ask these two if they've encountered the dragon before, and what its disposition is. Anything we should know.


He's like one of those creatures at a gas station. (laughter)


You know what, I'll do level four, so 9d6, I suppose.


(muffled) Fuck the power of love! (laughter)


I only have one.


Turn, jump.


What about the black armor? Put on the dwarven black plate armor!


Going to cry a little. So, I have three orcs basically-- or two orcs and a god-knows-what?


Some new dice.


I haven't used any movement. If I go to the archway right across, right?


Absolutely. I walk up to Lord Pup.


No. You can't finger it to death!


Doesn't matter, you killed him.


(fake cough) Beau.


And that guy's like right next to her, right?


So this is the last episode, you guys. Hope you've had fun.


Because I'm a nerd.


We had them, would we have noticed if they were hand-signed or if they’d been printed?


Oh, I figured Cordell walked us in.


31.


'Cause I'd have 20 more movement and then my speed, which is 40. So I should be able to make it.


Grog, you'll take the loud ones tomorrow and I'll take the quiet ones?


No, not with blood spray.


I take it out (wind SFX). I control a small gust.


Pike, do you want me to try to stop him? What's going on?


I’m going savage! (all laugh)


Yeah, but there are gates.


Tattooed on his fucking wrist.


I say suck it up buttercup. I'll take care of you later. [hooting and laughter]


It takes seven points of damage from the unarmed strike.


I want to take the blade, turn it down, and straight into the middle of it.


Tary, it sounds like all of the opposite of that is true.


And I think it's smart if Pike and I dedicate a decent amount of our spell power to Freedom of Movement right before we go in.


And then we can kick the tires.


What if we fold it?


Yeah! Can't wreck that game! (laughter)


It's going in the book.


Concentration's gone. Everybody wake up!


Well, I make things. They're not--


The yellow liquid?


You want an anonymous reputation?


Okay, Sam, I'm going to need five small pain reactions and five large pain reactions.


It gets slowed when it reaches a log.


Well, is the point to try to-- I'm sorry, no, you finish your thought.


Can we have your hat?


I know! I backed that shit!


So you're on Vorugal right now?


The armor? That I took from him?


That is a--


Yep. That's a 19.


Oh, gotcha. Seven.


Go Strongjaw, go!


Are there punishments levied against you?


They're huge!


But if you're breathing water, there's no air to expand or contract.


There will be another shameless plug later.


You know, be really generous.


Really running?


I can get the giant inside the temple.


I meant no offense whatsoever. I mean you no offense.


Thanks for helping, Percy.


I literally am sending the eagles as this is happening and I dash out of the tree on my broom, and go for the Immovable Rod, just long enough to stop and grab it and keep taking off after the dragon.


(singing) We are the champions.


What are we doing? Let's have Frumpkin look under that door that was just revealed.


Oh, this poor bastard right here, yep, I remember him, good chap. Hello? Is anyone in here?


I'm gonna come out of the door with you.


Stealthy, though.


That is an extreme over-exaggeration. We got a health potion.


Oh no, she's muted. Hanging up and calling you back.


You've got to.


So, do you play tour guide often to newcomers in this town?


I'll look for you.


It's very expensive, don't break it.


I can do it at will.


We've got nothing but time. (laughter)


No need to scream. We're getting you out, don't worry.


Get out! Just go! Just leave!


Is this considered a spell?


Come on, Duraflame, come on.


I can grab it. I do have a big hand.


I'll go in, too.


Bring him back in.


No, I want to run forward.


I'll hold Eldritch Blast until he's visible.


I'll throw in two, Molly.


One. 11.


I'm all for trying to get knowledge out of the captain. She seemed to act like she knew who the third person was, or had been.


Yes and no. It's better if you just come. Pike, come.


Hilda? If he is on this plane of existence, I don't know if it's a good sign. But it doesn't mean that he couldn't be lost somewhere else. My spell only extends to this plane of existence but there are many planes. I can try again.


I look at Tary. Tary is within 30 feet of me, yeah?


That's true. Well, you'll know, because, come on. This charm can't be replicated.


Okay. 20. Natural 20. (all cheer)


(retching) The spins.


I'll keep an eye, and no matter what, keeping each other safe, it's what we do. It's what you do when you got a group of people.


Ask him what he wants.


All healed up.


Yeah, you don't.


Can I cast War God's Blessing?


Is he looking rough? (laughter)


Of course, I can totally do that.


I believe it's immune to certain magics, correct?


How else do you spell home?


This is just an extra wrinkle into a larger problem. So, what's the move now?


Right, because you're Hasted.


What? Do you have any gold left?


I rolled a 20 on the wisdom save we didn't need to make, and threw it away, and thought, "well, I wanted to keep it," and then I rolled again and I got another natural 20.


Yes, great date.


Did I give you a scroll of Invisibility?


Can you do something about this? This is necessary at the moment. Do you have nothing?


Something bad. I'm going to stay here, I'd like you all to bring up the rear, and Kiki, bring the bear. Bring my nephew up, and I'd like everyone to pass ahead, and my sister and I will get Trinket up behind you all.


I haven't rolled above a five all night. Okay!


Yeah, well, you know, anything worth going after takes some elbow grease and hard work, so.


Don't send us shit.


If we're really going to do this, no tricks in here.


Towards Doty.


It's not as good.


Okay. Oh, that's-- Oh no.


Are those bone demony guys?


It's Relentless!


Oh Jesus!


But I also want to be able to do it.


I have a potion with my sister's name written on it, and it's going in her mouth.


Which you don't know.


They all have one octopus tentacle?


Two strings in case. (laughter)


You found a dead person?


I do! I love it, this is the one I was telling you about!


I was going to say--


How do we get over these things? Could we climb them or would we get cut to shreds?


I think it's up to ten. Let me double-check. I'm pretty sure it's ten.


Oh, we can do it in the morning?


Seeing Percy fall, all I have left is Thunderwave, and I'm going to do it at 5th-level because that's all I have left.


This is why I sort my dice at the beginning of the game...


I'll keep working on it.


I immediately turn around and Invoke Duplicity down on the ground near them.


The big one worries me. I think we should have a code in case we have to jump him.


Put your pants on, Grog, really.


Who's still awake?


Oh, that's why it's all grimy. It's blood water. Ugh!


I am from the north. We have Brot, tomatoes, and cheese and that's it.


Okay, that could have gone better.


Do you want anything from the tavern before we leave?


I do. And I can speak Draconic.


What's the plan? Rush it!


I throw out the Rope of Entanglement. On the gloomstalker.


Yeah. The wielder of the magic stick of nose-whappiness. I will wear this with honor.


YOLO.


At the higher levels you mess up the assassinate thing.


Oh, good. So that's 20.


Sure. Why are you looking at me when you say that?


You got this, guys. You got this. Big rolls!


Was ist das?


Settlers of Catan!


Okay. Then never mind.


You definitely made it seem like she could be a Xhorhasian spy definitely there to potentially kill them. In fact, I think that's exactly what they thought might have been happening.


I pick it up, grab it.


It's so hard to roleplay tonight.


Probably. I don't think this will be bad


Pike, Pike, I missed you so much.


Can you also remind me where my Vecdar made me feel Vecna-- where on the Prime Material Plane?


It says offline?


Oh, you found it.


No, I don't do it. I'm assuming it's there. I'm not doing that right now.


Her name's Nancy.


Yeah, I'm going to stab him. (laughter)


Okay, I have a question.


I have had some Aldors in my life, too.


It's a great cover.


I've never seen him laugh like that before.


I'll flank around and try to see if I can see what this thing is.


Kiri, did you steal our money?


(laughing) Yeah, first one!


They get your unbridled reaction.


But I have a bonus action!


The was fucking awesome.That was awesome, aside from the death.


Well, I was going over--


I will admit I did not expect to see you folk again.


Wait, shades coming from you?


The Cold Flower?


Well, they'll know soon enough.


Oh, right. In the dragon room, too. I was talking about in the library, though.


I sold Travis's gifts.


Gilmore, Asum, do either of you have a theory on how they communicate?


I mean, it's ten.


Can I use the--


We both have one.


Anyone who can beat face, but doesn't have magic. Yasha, maybe? Nott?


You want a health potion?


Yeah, it's either that or try and push him off the roof, which could be pretty funny. I'll try and knock him prone.


Damn, you broke its ribs to get to its organs.


Oh ho ho. What!


So we're switching out that cantrip for Hold Person, if that was at the store.


The cult? The orgy cult?


She would do anything for you, Grog!


Say, "Vex is awesome."


I thought you said, who's going to attack first, we were going to Goodfellas it. We were going to do that.


All right. Hi, I'm Taryon Darrington.


Just say yes, we can always leave in the dead of night.


As he goes to hand over the chains, right as he goes to reach for it, I'm going to do Feeblemind.


Uno.


Oh great, it's a rock butthole. (all laugh)


Aw, because Oskar?


Let me know when you're done.


And then we talk to the Clasp together.


Just has to be line of sight, right?


(dryly) Wow, I've never heard of that.


Let's go to the bar.


Make sure that's correct, actually.


Nice, that's better!


What? Girls like me! That's not hard to believe! I can sell that, right? Percival, back me up, please.


Sharing amigos is a whole other-- yeah.


I think that would be wise.


He was enthusiastic. I'm excited. It's good stuff.


Because he's a fighter, he gets three attacks per round.


Leave one of them alive, but don't let them leave.


Into it, into it?! Or just around it so you collapse the--


She gives you the mom look and says, "Don't touch it, okay?"


Yeah okay.


Can you fucking calm down and tell me what you saw?


"Fucking dead." (laughter)


Do we want to do any digging? Any mudding? Anything else? Is this our ambush?


Flo just got real, all right? Flo just got real.


We don't care. We're not that attached yet.


We should change the name.


I think I want to be of use, so yeah.


Taliesin, we are being killed by a metaphor right now.


You need some of those blue guys with an aerator at all times down in those cellars.


All right, so then the second one does as well, and the last one definitely does, so.


Go interrupt the party.


I'm back, baby.


Pike, you're at one?


Oh, I don't care about being underwater. I just don't like looking at it.


It's just a dark book, we found it in Raishan, well in--


Yeah we are, we are.


Why don't you send your little dancing lights down there with him?


Yeah, the Makey Mace-- the Mickey Mouse-shaped one?


Yeah that was your stealth.


Third is better than that.


What am I adding to this?


Grog, it doesn't mean what you think it means.


It's a well-constructed hallway of dwarvish make. (groans)


A recognizable cold chill, or a brand-new cold chill?


So that didn't work.


It's like a roller coaster. We're just going tick-tick-tick-tick-shooom.


Same thing. 21.


Then he doesn't hit me.


(sighs) We're a little light on details, unfortunately. You know what, I'm going to go eat a half a cow, and then maybe once that's soaked up some of this I'll return. If I remember anything else.


Can I fight one of your kin with a blindfold on?


Oh shit. We're so tapped out.


Okay, yes, we'll have Dent take it to the stables.


I don't need your help.


Plus a d20.


Council of leaders pushing to build the economy once again, in that sense I'm sure they would be delighted by the opening of trade, and perhaps continuing with the plans for a bridge. Worth discussing at the very least with the new rulers of Whitestone.


Why didn't we Heroes' Feast?


You know, maybe the warden of that jail was a dragon! And he invited his friends to find us.


We’re on point today.


Double insight.


Yeah, like hide behind something.


Do we know if the Nine Hells have day and night the same way--


Well. What do we do now, fellows?


Here's the question. I should know this how quickly can these things be made?


I don't know. I'll find one.


Craven Head. That's not great. 22.


I'm going to crouch down, and I'm going to cast Invoke Duplicity.


Because I have a key to The Pillow Trove. They're going to keep charging me a room until I give it back.


And 40 is her speed.


Copy that, captain.


Which is cold resistant?


I'm at advantage for this shot!


Ja, that's it.


But why is Tary special?


I rolled a three.


It's Claudia.


The beholder is merely a demi-demon.


(whispering) Yes, yes.


Okay. Is there water all over the deck, is it hard to move, is it okay?


Nine. ORION. 18.


When you have a moment.


Your thing.


Not a good sword--


(sighs) That's what you rolled the last time.


That's creepy!


That's true. (laughs)


Okay. Fly with purpose, fly with purpose.


I think it's awesome.


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream: a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were the best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roar, crunch) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Six extra points, so 22.


I was working on that for a while.


Dope. That's awesome. I'm getting creepy as fuck now. I've got the Immovable Rod; I'll be the caboose.


Like Teen Wolf?


See? I told you it was a girl!


I knew you were going to say it! I knew it. You were doing so well.


Yeah, it was crazy in there.


Yeah. I'm going to go with Fjord.


Of course I promise. I'm going to stay in here.


Do you need any help with that? We feel a bit of responsibility for them.


No, I aimed at the other one.


The one that's beaten up already.


We'll just have to remember.


That's my wrestling name.


Hi, ma'am. My name's Scanlan. This is Grog. We're just-- I needed one hat, but you have such a fantastic selection, maybe we'll pick up a few.


I reach over to Scanlan, and I rip his hair off.


Sorry! The most LA moment in our game ever! Just now!


We run as soon as we’re in.


Are you trying to prank, Caleb? I will not stand for that. Well, I'll go fetch it. Pick it up.


Do the twins go first or does Grog go first?


Wow. I could've just been chilling...


Like, she fully fucking died.


No one should live here.


I lean in. I pat him on the hand.


It's a wisdom save.


400 thread count. (laughter)


Dark.


Whatever, that one. Sorry, that's the fifth level one. The sixth level teleport... transport...


Whoa, hey! All right there, chief. Okay, all right, you're good. Sorry.


Arr.


A gentle knock happens on the door in front of her.


(French accent) Francois Bertrand Jean-Luc Australia. (laugher)


Is Caleb blushing at all?


60 feet in diameter. No! You can make a straight wall of 100 feet or 60 feet in diameter.


Something at least.


This is what happens.


Honestly, cards on the table, we're in town because a friend of ours got in badly with a rakshasa.


Would you like a body to reanimate or something?


All right. Does it only affect living things? Or does it affect--


If anyone is going to turn us in, it would be her.


We can kill him right here, right now!


Hey guys, so those t-shirts-- (laughter)


She ate what was put in front of her. We ate what was put in front of us. We're not picky people.


Why are you talking to us like that?


Yeah, sit on it! Front or back?


--on the gnoll that's engaged with Fjord.


We got to get the crow's nest out of the boat.


The ruby one?


Do it again.


I'm pretty sure. I got-- his essence was floating in nature's ether, and nature told me he was here.


I fall out of my rage, yeah. So I fall out of it. Can I throw something? I guess I can, yeah.


Yeah, different fingers, but sure. I like it.


Okay. Before that, here's the deal. I have some beef, as you may have gathered, with this crew. I'm not interested in just getting your friends and getting out. I want to fucking kill every single last one of them. If you want any more information from me, I'm going to need a little bit of buy-in.


They're like miniature grab bags.


Guys, we're having a water battle.


Yeah, I lived here for like a short time, passed through.


Tubo versus Beau with bows! (laughter)


It doesn't hit. I put my foot on its fist and--


Then somebody else could take up that hunt, right?


All right, so I'm gonna flit across the floor, come up right behind Keyleth, shoot right around the side of her and stab up and in, one-two-three.


All right. So let's do (counting) 26 points of damage.


I do have a room there! I pull out my key. I have a room.


Son of a butcher.


Because you used your blood on it?


I can see your fingers-- let me move closer towards the kraken and towards the portal.


I definitely can cook. I mean, whether or not it's any good, I'm not sure. But if everybody's happy with it.


So he also gets, that was ten plus 14 total. 20 total, between the dagger and the poison.


I walked the other way, and it definitely didn't work.


Don't be ageist! That is an evil bitch! She needs to be killed.


Good river. Good boy.


Natural 20 and a 16.


Kill him, kill him.


No, seriously, it's amazing.


(reading)


Didn't he already hear our two options?


Ew, that's not good. I'm going to use Luck. That's better. That's all right. Perception, you said? 28.


11 plus seven. 18.


All right. Bitch.


I mean, we will probably never see her again, that seems a little foolish to me.


Ugh, seven.


I will use Mage Hand to try to snuff out the flame.


Well, then let's go break into a store and get a lead box.


This guy just started. I did AD&D in high school, and I DM'ed while playing, which is totally cheating. This is the first pure experience I've had.


If she went in the tiny thing.


Dump a couple of statues.


Well, I look real cool for five feet.


I sit up and take the watch.


How important are these tunnels? Because if we want, while you're doing this I can go distract the dragon?


Okay, that's the right hand with the symbol.


Ahh, totally.


Can you bring dead people back to life?


Are they going to chase after a triceratops, though?


I pull out the flask of Courage that I've brought.


Oh noes, hold on, hold on.


The ground raised up?


I actually do, yes.


He's the most important. I'm not important.


I love camping.


I don't think I'm working next Thursday.


That's our new bodyguard.


We're dashing.


Yeah. It actually was.


Was there something else that does that?


Sh! Sh.


If we wish to rid Emon of these dragons, then we've got nothing to deal with this fucking thing right here, whatever it is.


Three gold.


I might be able to turn it into a projectile.


If Trinket gets up, does that use any of my stuff? Trinket can move freely--


Well, Syngorn is gathering their forces as well.


I pick one.


Yeah. Keyleth for life. So we spent a lot of time in Zephra, but since have-druid-will-travel, we met up with these two quite a bit. About once a month, we would have three- or four-day weekends. We'd spent time in Whitestone. We went to Vasselheim a lot. The twins spent a lot of time in the library.


Well, Beau, do you want us to stay together?


I can?


Well, we follow footsteps; I can track footprints.


Mecca lecca high, mecca hiney ho, don't fuck me, Gil.


Yes, and you believed him over your two best friends?


I think we should friggin' dive bomb towards the far tunnel past this war camp.


Which some could argue is magical in its own right.


That's an 18 and a 17 roll.


That's good. You need to have that trust between family.


They come in barrels, usually. You get barrels of pickles.


I'm out. (laughter)


If you listen to your better angels, and they're within your friends. Listen to them. I don't want to be pushy. I'm sorry. But you have a family, if you want it.


I'll reappear and take--


I said, "Hi, Beaus."


That's very interesting.


I don't know much of anything, and it's important that we learn.


Just hit the whole wall.


Is he always going to fucking fly?


Oh, yeah, no, that's with the minus five, how about that, I rolled a 19.


I turn around and go, don't worry guys, I got it. Good ol' broomstick trick. Works every time.


Yeah. They're tricksy like that.


Yeah. we need to leave no trace. The only way this gets pulled off is if--


Yep. Roll like a turtle.


What the fuck are you doing now, Matthew?


And I run over to Vax.


I kneel down toward Keyleth.


Am I allowed to move back at all, or duck under the window?


Can we see if it's magic?


No, all the way back. Back towards my original hiding place.


From behind Beau, off in the distance, I, at the same time--


We got a tip?


And the candlesticks.


Let him know that Horris is out of town.


Yeah, I have 30 feet. I'll take two swipes with my falchion at disadvantage.


Can you make them vests or something that says 'service'?


Can I take a bonus action to do Patient Defense after I do that?


(computer voice) You are leaving the combat area.


Round globes of victory! I love it.


You're clean. That's right. You're the best of the best. You would have the best robes. Right?


I'll write up a release form really fast.


Am I 60 feet from Algar?


He's wet.


Stab the other person, not yourself.


No, I want to save it! I'm inspired, for later. I will think back to that moment.


Do you want a pair of manacles?


"Second Pact! (robot voice) The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to--"


And throats slit. (laughter)


We shoot horses outside, just on Tuesdays!


Okay, we all fit! We're good.


(sings) Bigby's Hand! So I take Bigby's Hand and I sort of try to wrench it off the last thing that's holding it up, but in the direction of the--


(singing, VO) D&D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D&D Beyond, D&D Beyond, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D&D Beyond, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D&D Beyond, D&D Beyond! (cheering)


Oh, no! I wouldn't (hums). I just want to look.


I don't know, this big guy's got me worried. This may take a little time. Nobody seems to be able to hit shit right now.


Bren?


Another fabulous moment that you guys have to know about is we wanted to get into a tower at one point, and there was a very intelligent sort of right-hand man to whoever owned the tower. Scanlan just started fast-talking, which is his defining characteristic. Took his finger and put it right here as a mustache, and said, "hi, I'm Burt Reynolds." (all laugh)


Up to an hour?


Oh yeah, everybody, let's take a bath.


We need a boatswain. Well, we've got the cook. We need a quartermaster, we need a navigator, and a captain. If we don't need a cook or a carpenter--


Her game, man.


Oh. But it won't block an attack. So in that case, I'll just attack with it.


That was a real rush job that I had to order a day before I flew out.


(laughs) Sorry, Matt.


Well, you're the one who brought us here, Vax. Where would you like to go?


I'm going to inspire myself, because I'm a selfish motherfuck. (laughter)


Persuasion? It's 35. Wait, 31. 31.


Rocks, rocks, rocks.


Oh, and I'm joining Monday Melee for Team Coco on Monday.


Not a bad idea with Cass, but we'll see.


I really hope I didn't kill another kid.


Are you still laying across the back of a horse or have you pulled yourself up?


I've been separated from my parents for a really long time. You get used to it. It's not too bad.


They're no good for me, but I think last week you said something about spears or javelins or something?


It's not a crypt or anything like that? Or a very expensive crypt.


I just want to see what it does.


What did you talk about?


I don't have a third shot, but now I'm at least reloaded. Do I need another round to reload, or does that count as a reload, a clear? I can never remember.


It's also pure oxygen, so we could get a little buzz.


Goblins, The Screw Job, and then the Ass Sailor? What was it called?


No, on that side, yeah.


We see two rock creatures that were really big but they're really slow so bolt on past them and they won't be able to catch you.


No, no apologies.


21 points of damage. I'm still enlarged, right?


They kick someone in the face every time.


Wait! 16! 16!


Come on, Grog.


I don't normally speak with the dead on a first date, but we'll think about it.


Who's our weakest?


So we've gotta break our way out of here, Grog.


Let's take a candle from around the room. And then we'll stamp it with a ring! One of my rings.


That's 11 plus-- what do I add to my-- Guiding Bolt, plus five. So 16.


Yeah, we're like really important.


I could fill a book with what I don't know.


But I can't help again?


That's good. Let's go back and talk to the cops.


But she would know if you were swindling.


I agree. Let's do that.


Or baking bread. I'm not sure.


Oh, it's canon in my game.


Oh, look at the webs!


I'm going to check the frozen body.


They just give me a plus two to damage rolls.


And if we are to go down into this cave, perhaps they have some insight into what's going on there as well. Especially at this point in.


So I bet the fortress--


Okay. Then I run over and try to see what I can do.


We just need to wait this out. We killed all the creatures. How many eyes do I have right now? Because it feels like I have three of them.


Outstanding.


Maybe it wants some paper.


Do you want to be on a hilltop, like standing on a hilltop? Because we could arrange that.


Yeah, should we go off and do a shout-out of each of our charities?


Thank you again to our friend Kai Norman at KommissarProps for making the horn, go follow him. It's awesome. KommisarProps on Instagram and Facebook


It's a 10.


Percival, we all have fought with you this whole time, and you know that we have your back and that we're with you in this 100 percent. But I'd like our enemies to know that, as well, so with your permission, I will cast Seeming on all of us. And I make the girls look like Cassandra, and the boys look like Percy. So I give us all the gray hair.


Brought her out of her comfort bubble.


I'm getting a taste for it.


I feel like we're missing something, wait, you're trying to get us passage to the back--


The things in that we're finding. Oh, yes, yes, of course and they would be great keepsakes.


Well how do you want to do it?


(tearfully) What's coming?


Okay. I will use Guiding Bolt, and I'm gonna shoot that thing.


You do.


I think this is the verge.


I did. And I pay it back happily as I look at her dragon eyes of money hoarding.


Sealing the cave would be one thing, I think stealing the baby is going to be a bit of a--


Does anybody else have anything to say to this?


Meta that Sluice, there.


Well, as you mentioned, people ending in arrest, are you bounty hunters?


No wait, add your constitution. 12!


It's the worst.


Couple inquisitions. Couple little, uh-- Following the clues.


This moment right now.


I've seen him having sex and stuff. We haven't seen it, but we know.


-- what do you mean, quiet? I can't hold it, it's so powerful, oh! (yells) (laughter)


The final miniature is just Matt.


Gimme what you got.


Is there anything we can do to help? Or just make you feel a little bit more at ease?


And then the second attack is-- ten.


Are we still in our rooms, or are we downstairs?


You talking about experimenting with how many weapons we can see--


That's later tonight, though, isn't it?


Oh, wait, but they should've taken damage on my turn again.


Because Matt can totally whisper to me if I get this good.


It's a second level spell, right?


I do Plant Growth. Make a big old tree.


Thank you. Woobie it is. Henceforth it shall be called Woobie.


Are you talking to yourself?


Hey everybody, D&D Beyond wanted you guys to know that Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes is out. Big news here guys, it's not Mordenkainen's, and it's not a Tomb of Foes, as I've been saying it. It's Mordenkainen's Tomb-- Tome of Foes. Fuck! (laughter)


Summer vacation!


Here. (clink)


It's my mime.


I mean, I would imagine between ungrappling and stabbing, is that it for me? Or do I get my second attack, I don't know?


Yeah, I wanted a beret.


To the wall. 2d8 plus five.


He's a dashing young rogue.


And Grog just ran away from him?


I yoink it out of his hand. I'll take that. I got it right here.


Who are 'they'? The 'Unseelie court'?


Is that the third time we've had him? In our lifetime?


I feel cruel, but in control. This is controllable, at the moment.


That's my fire shot... so that's...


Hunter’s Mark!


Hey! Hi Guys!


We're best buds!


Let's go take care of this.


I was about to say. I watched the episode.


Can I learn its lowest saving throw ability?


Wait, right?


I'll take Caleb's share.


What if we set a trap or an ambush for him or her?


Okay. Perception, you said? 14.


To do what?


He went that way.


-- can I just rotate around him towards the door and stay within.


We've been very busy.


Okay. I'm going to turn back around. That was my action to take a look in there?


About these Vestiges, perhaps?


It's where we camp.


Oh, charisma check. Straight charisma?


The brain is down there in the puddle? In the pool? Is that big scaffolding still hanging over it?


I don't see any trees, and those guards look heavily funded. That looks like expensive armor they're all wearing.


The good kind, ja. We would know, more or less, not 100 percent perfect, but pretty close. Then we could come back down here quickly, and see if there's anyone else who needs help.


There's chicken!


Those are the only two? he’s an amazing fabricator and propmaster.


Oh good, there you are. Listen, did you see my broom?


What lady?


Because you're fast.


Do dragonborn have natural fire resistance?


I'm going to do the same thing  I am going to crouch down and I'm going to pull two ninja stars, and I'm going to hold my action until I see Lorenzo.


Only in the house of lady favors do I let my beans hang out when I sleep.


I'll heal myself at level two. 2d4 plus five. Okay. Seven points, great. And then for my action I'll Dimension Door into the tornado.


Am I the only one going, do we really have to give up our weapons? I don't feel okay with this.


Too bad I can't make light.


I'm tapped.


Breakfast! Caduceus.


Wait, you're not going to hold your turn?


You know what it will do to the roof if it works?


I'm also going to cast Stoneskin.


Where's your book?


If you give us a speech, how long does that last?


Okay, while his attention is diverted, I'm going to come up behind and try and do a crack. Go to sleep, go to sleep.


Oh, you know what? This was a bad decision. You're correct, this was a bad point of entry.


Where's your mother, child?


Yes, it's like a poop earring.


Oh right, yeah, she talks that shit, doesn't she?


Okay, hold on. Hold on. Oh, good.


Oh God. Can I do something?


I'm sure Ulog can look for traps, because he's also a rogue, right?


We can fix it!


I really hope Toilet makes it.


Yeah, I'm going to take my staff and where Jester already put in holes, I'm going to (grunting).


You have an adventurer's kit?


That's a yeah. If I get burned, he gets burned, right?


Yasha has a 15.


How about a limerick as payment, Scanlan?


Does his body have a pouch on him at all? Can I search the body?


So we can take-- yeah.


Oh, okay. Then I'm going to Hunter's Mark the magic user.


Do I keep hold of my guy?


Way far away.


I've just been tightening my laces while I've been kicking it back here.


I was looking straight at him.


Do we need to stop by the temple of the Raven Queen?


He's going to fail this one.


If you're going to find her?


It's on the table. I mean, whatever, you know. I'm going to follow your lead.


Everything we can do is strange magic. Be prepared that not being from around here is going to be trouble.


Well listen, if you want a fight, we could still use one of their heads. We could find one of those patrolmen walking around, grab him, take his head.


I'm down for joining them and letting them join our cause, and using their infrastructure, but beyond that--


Okay. What is the buy-in?


And the river's 20 feet wide, right?


So it's pressed against the opposite wall of this big place?


Oh, hello there. I'm Taryon Darrington of The Slayer's Cake. The Slayer's Cake, your pals in a pastry pinch. Go now? Okay. (clears throat) Heading to a fancy banquet and not sure if your hosts are undead? (gasps) Slayer's Cake. Say it's Winter's Crest, and you don't know what to get your secret Sarenrae. Possibly because you've never given a gift before. It could happen. Slayer's Cake! We even have miniature cakes for that special gnome-one in your life.


Can I say two-handed?


The caravan.


It doesn't have a distance. It has a DC to pull it back.


And he's going to bite Umbrasyl's tail to try to distract him, so I can run between his legs.


I think there's something bigger at play here. Whatever is driving these gnolls I think is deeper in. Can I look around and see if I can find anything like any papers, anything from that humanoid that might be intelligible?


It's a bonus action.


(speedily playing The Entertainer)


You got it. (laughter)


Okay. And the 4d8 of lightning damage.


Right, that's an easy thing to go to, so go to it.


Oh, that's going to hurt. And you get to re-roll that one, don't you?


I'm going to finish up those things that we talked about earlier, spend some time making some ammunition, and I'm going to attempt to build what we were talking about earlier.


Foh-morians.


Funny thing. I like to work out a lot, and I like to go lift boulders in the forest sometimes, so would you have anything that might give me a temporary increase to my already magnificent strength?


I grab my earpiece and very lightly say, Vax, keep your eyes about you.


That was scary, I should not have been this close. Where were you? I was doing everything up there!


Have to have a conversation soon.


It's a small room. You and I can probably handle two, but that leaves a third.


Okay. Is there somewhere I can get where I can be within 60 feet range of everybody? In a middle spot?


Darn it. Jiminey Jillickers.


We're going to get this fucking bird killed, y'all. I'm just saying.


Not necessarily. I just cast Pass Without a Trace.


(moans) Oh, don't get it in my head!


Right, I know. I lost my-- 18, I think. 18 was the last one.


Not like this!


I think we might need to have a discussion with Vanessa at some point for not alerting us to the fact that this is a -


(whoops) Nine, eight, bringing us to 17. 21 damage.


I'm taking some of the blood, for sure. Filling some vials.


No, I had to go with you so I could take the carpet back.


(whispering) What is it?


We should bury him, and leave some sort of marker--


You're 12 feet tall, so you're hitting the ceiling?


Can I do an insight check on him?


They just got here, but what's your feel on this?


Do you have any pickles?


Du. Du hast. Du hast mich. (laughter)


Is that terrible?


And now there's a little girl. It's all coming full circle.


Could we put invisibility on her?


No, that's a strength check.


Well, maybe he can fly, I don't know! Sometimes he's invisible, could it be he's flying next to me? I don't know!


And we can maybe get there faster.


Indeed I will. Indeed.


The fact that you just checked your inventory for that worries me.


Norda. Yorda's at the inn. Right?


Sounds great.


Liam.


What? Like 120 feet? Is it that, or is it more?


Did I take any damage?


You're worth it.


And you said it was minus 36 damage?


(singing) Loves her Scanlan.


I don't think I can do that.


Should we put Pass Without a Trace on us?


Don't do this, don't do this!


Hide in the corner. Stay quiet.


All right, who's on the first carpet?


Your fun is wrong. Your fun is wrong!


Hard.


Christmas TPK.


So it seems like less of a trap.


76 for the first hit.


Oh, I need to go as well.


Do you want to throw some light in here?


It is wisdom.


At the very least, it could be installed in the ship. They could have it as a possible--


Okay. What if, theoretically, playing devil's advocate here, maybe Uk'otoa was like: I should make four, one extra, just in case-ies. Vandran has that one, but he's also already put it in the temple, and this third one could unleash him!


(laughs) Where's Steven?


In the winter.


Aw, he softballed you with that one.


(starts hyperventilating)


Anything I need to know about?


I'm not-- That's probably not going to work. I head back up to the top. Actually, no, I don't. I go to the side of the temple where the rope that I was throwing earlier goes and meets down to the floor. So I--


Nine. [laughter]


Ochre jelly? Vegepygmy?


Great. Those are probably traps.


Anyone care for some games of jenga?


I feel totally fine.


What do trees need to live?


Okay, I got a minute before he comes back.


They'll have a really bad hangover tomorrow.


Well done! Is that the first annual--


Is she back?


We need a full 30 minutes to do a quick short rest?


When we get under, make sure to take a breath really quick; you'll sink faster.


Just run. Save yourself.


Go back to lock-a-pickin'?


Oh yeah, baby.


I'm at 20. I'm pretty rough. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. I have an idea to try and get out of it if I need to.


It's the gift of smugness, it never goes away.


Don't worry. There's other tongues in the sea. (laughter)


Oh, really? Can I go along the walls very stealthily and see if I can find any opening, anything else?


Are they wearing underwear?


Vasselheim was just out the window.


They'll probably see through it.


Oh yeah! Both the Signal Boost Halloween episodes are out. And Taliesin and I are in them. And you make a cameo in the latest episode.


But we're not supposed to be there! We're gonna get framed for it!


Is there anyone in the beds?


Do you know where they are?


I've been picked on so much.


Then you feel a tap-tap-tap on your shoulder.


13, 14, 15, 16-- 22 points of damage.


Shotgun.


I tried it. 20 up, 20 down that side.


Two big trolls, and ogres, don't forget ogres, there's ogres too.


We did it a little bit ago and I think I completely forgot. Very excited. (laughter)


Yeah, gun's broken. I've got another gun, but big gun's broken.


Oh, sure, whatever. No, wait, but it was nine, right? You said? Just four?


Yeah, you said there's no back door, right? Side windows, anything like that?


Sure. Yeah, a cube in front of me.


It's all part of the great eagle conspiracy.


Did we ever get a count of how many zombie giants there were?


She killed them all.


Is he conscious?


And Wilhand is the brother of Ogden?


60 gold, Caleb!


It's only been two hours.


If we don't think the room or the setup will fuck us up, the big boys can go in and probably handle it. Or we can follow your attacks.


Is it still raining?


It's a coin flip.


That's a 15 plus seven to hit.


This is fucking stressful.


This is amazing.


All right, I'll take a little splash of alcohol and some darker stuff and mix it around.


I would know the word.


Is that like a--


Does that include your wife?


No, this is not Vicious Mockery. This is Charm Person.


No, the clerics are not sticking together.


Not just yet!


Girl time.


That’s a 6th-level spell!


No, it's a damage-dealer.


I mean, yes, sometimes I think it's been pretty bad even for me sometimes, watching you. But that doesn't mean-- there's always room for improvement--


Let's go talk to Dolan.


Outside the door.


I assume you'd want to go ahead and give it to us for that so that we keep this a secret.


Reload. Going to take another shot.


Vaaax.


Things you never want to hear Matt say


Did they die in the show, or from watching it?


Is it Tooma?


I'm only saying, if they were just here--


The nighttime is the best time to go frog-digging.


Seems like a lot of dock spaces. Have a lot of openings? Business been slow?


Oh, I'm really tall, but all right. I'm also going to take a look at this guy they just killed and commit his face and what he's wearing to memory, just to put it in there.


And drift.


I wasn't trying to hide it.


That was my first.


I look at the two in Abyssal. They say 'entry', is that right?


"I'm back!"


Maybe not tolerant.


Coming right up.


Have I reached the top?


I'll use the red dice for the Ruby. 15?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, but we could make dragonhide-- with dragonhide you could make badass armor, right?


Then I pass out the other healing potions between--


Do we have to have names?


It's not real, is it? (laughing)


Well what are we doing with the book and stuff?


I'm into it, yeah.


Mack spatter.


Percy, you cannot honestly tell us you don't know anymore! We just watched you have a full-fledged conversation with yourself!


I think this seems like the sort of job we'd want to take.


Okay. Did he work in the prison?


That was a big die.


Fucking roll high.


Cricket.


Don't put a timeline on it. These things-- it takes a little time.


We're confirmed with some Jim Lee X-Men Series One. We're confirmed with some Superman vs. Doomsday cards.


That's what Nott would do. Absolutely what Nott would do.


Mine and Matt's wedding rings are rose gold.


I could be your champion. You could teach me to believe. I, arguably, am faithless. I know you all know that. I believe, and I have respect, and I am awe-inspired by all of this. But faith, I still don't know if I have, but I... I believe you could teach me.


Let that be a lesson to the two of you about making fun of a foreigner's accent. I'm watching you.


I stomp back down the stairs, and I join them.


I haven't seen it yet.


Oh, Scanlan, hold it.


Grandfather. Let me carry that for you, before you drop it. I'll keep it safe. I'll keep it safe for you. You don't want the head to fall off it.


Do you think they would grant you the graces that they did before and spare you if they saw you?


Yeah, I follow.


It was inevitable.


Next to him, no, I know. Fuck it. I'm gonna burn a bonus action and shoot out the wings and I'm gonna fly into his face and stab into each side of his neck.


I've got nowhere to hide.


Lovely field, I apologize for the rudeness of my compatriots. We will be gentle trouncing through you. We will make as little mark as we can and enjoy the splendor of your ever-changing colors. You are majestic, you are windswept-- I'm flirting with grass-- you are everything I could hope for in a beautiful view.


I'm going to land down next to the other one and start looking in the same fashion. Across the room.


Skipping across!


Anything explosive?


The sound of 10,000 pens hitting paper.


Yeah, and perch there. Can she see inside?


We have running water. Use running water.


Well, if I saw a black mist, what I would probably do, realistically, is think it was some sort of poison shit and I would Wind Wall it. So I'm going to (goosh) Wind Wall that mist.


What, so we go out and fight zombie giants?


How many of those necklaces have we found?


Well, you lived there.


Oh no! Ten.


Are they standing free, or are they carved from the wall?


An octagon?


It's a good game.


12, plus two is 14, and I'm going to cast Divine Smite-- no, I'm not. No, just 14 of damage, so that's movement, action. My next action I'm going to use to fly under him, halfway between Percival and the gang, and land on the wall.


We read Abyssal, we studied it in school.


Reckless! Not Great Weapon Master. Two-handed with the Dwarven Thrower. That's a lot. 30, minus-- oh, there is no minus. 32.


How big is that?


You probably should have done that.


Well, don't say, "Dad's okay, saving the world again." That won't make any sense to him.


We're about to get some alcohol, do you want to join us?


Oh, shit! What's his name?


Kill this guy.


So why don't we just walk through the center of town, in the middle of the road, with the censer, and walk into the tower? No? Maybe?


Hold on. I think there's a blackberry one somewhere in here.


That was fun, you guys.


How do you know Vorugal doesn't know?


But maybe later. We'll see. If I get a little tired.


Tiberius-- I don't know. But I want us to be as safe as we can. Tiberius, can you lift us up on your pillars, or like, encase us in, or something? Make us a room?


Well no, just like halfway, and then I can run around and look for tunnels. Well some of us can fly, so we're okay.


Yeah! That's us. We should do "loins encouraged" and "violence girded," no?


Okay. So that's unconscious.


He really did break you, he really did. And now I'm Nightwing, great, that's how long that took.


I'm holding my attack action until I'm closer.


He doesn't know this happened. Let's get rid of them. Get rid of them.


Wisdom modifier?


I know when I feel overwhelmed I like to punch things. You want to hit me?


He's not dead? Can I-- so he's at a disadvantage, basically?


Give them to me!


It was really bad.


And then what? And then what, though? Once we get there? Play it by ear?


Angry?


Let it build.


So it's like a stone? Is it pretty?


Are you a good guy?


(whispering) Whisper campaign.


Are they all falling?


When we arrive, they may have left word to look out for us. They know what we look like. We should have some sort of disguise. I know that you and I can disguise ourselves. You can--


Cats don't like birds.


Because he has Minor Illusion as well.


Is there granola?


Thank you! I stand up. I'll reach out and cast Cure Wounds on Nott.


All right, seeing where Nott just put a bunch of bolts in him, I'm going to flat hand, palm the bolts right deeper into him.


Come on, Percy. Oh, son of a bitch!


What the fuck are the cooks gonna do?


An attempt at an object of power or an attempt at friends in power?


260 something pages?


Is she going to come back as a zombie?


He doesn't want to leave.


Squats.


I wink at them as I'm climbing up.


In-game. Sitting at a table just tinkering and tinkering.


I'm the weakest!


He wasn't as proud of them. Early work and all that.


How do you get this closet door open? I can't get back out here.


And Vecna knows where we are.


Where did the beam come out of? Where's the eye? Where's the phantom eye?


14. Jesus.


It's a dex save.


Get up there and grapple him, and I'll send projectiles.


No more spells.


And, when finding this, craft some type of piping system where we could smoke him out. If he has to breathe, which I believe aberrations need to breathe and eat.


A Scrying Eye?


No reason, darling.


We're Rat Queens. I'm Violet.


I was about to, but not anymore.


That's very fair, yeah.


Is Grog within ten feet of me?


All right. Sorry, guys. Sorry, Pike.


I just wanted to say. People might have ideas and thoughts, and I'm trying to look out for you because we said we'd have each other's backs. Sometimes the less you say, the more people's minds like to fill in the blanks. From what I've learned, generally, what's in people's heads is worse than the reality of the situation.


I actually talked to him a little bit about that, as well.


Oh. I forgot to-- I'm really distracted right now. I don't know why I bother.


Got to feed those forges with something!


And I'm getting down. I'm preparing for the shot.


I'm going to catch the sovereign on his way out.


Oh, is it a worm? A purple worm?


And there's a shit-ton of shit on fire right now.


The random nature makes and the random that man makes.


I go over to the glitter and I get some of my potion bottles from my alchemy to-- Oh, I'm actually good at this. I try and harvest some, sweep some glitter.


Best item in your inventory?


Then the dude in the white robes?


Why don't we try a person to use the rod first before we start wasting spells?


Oh god. Just know Ashley, that sprinting in like this will take you right in front of the Briarwoods.


Because if we were a flock of birds, Vorugal's not going to give a shit about birds.


Do we have a plan for how we're going to-- what if they're taking you downstairs to ritually sacrifice you, or something?


Do we hear the bell?


Already have you under contract.


We've killed a lot of them.


Can I touch a little bit of the webbing with the flame?


Rules question. Caleb is too fucking poor to change Frumpkin's shape willy-nilly because it's ten gold pieces worth of charcoal, incense, and herbs, which I don't have. So he's a cat for the foreseeable future.


This seaweed in the middle of the chamber, have we seen anything like this before?


How many kittens is that again?


I don't think rot is going to be how we kill this thing. I think it's not going to be like the crocodile.


Yes. Advantage on attacks against that one.


I would like if she tried to run up the ramp and just kept sliding down. (cartoon running sound effects)


Well, I'm dexy.


Mark his face, take his tongue, let him loose.


Yasha, Caleb, Nott?


This is a donkey.


Fuck's sake. That's everything I've got right now. I'm going to try and scoot around the-- I'm going to get a little further back so I can grab onto that orb if things go shitty.


No, that's the bolt.


Clarota, is that mushroom forest, I mean, is that your home?


Just hold it out like you're searching for a signal.


Enjoy it. I find the second book and examine it. Am I able to read this?


He's going to do his thing, isn't he?


Here's one.


Crazy! I have some hickies too, actually. What?


That fucking hurt! (laughter)


Mariya and Howaardt Darrington.


I think best we can do is try and be happy in, as you said, this shitty situation that we've all been granted.


Ten. I'm going to flip my coat to the brown side.


That is true. Just keep it in the bag for now, just in case.


(sings) All that doubles is gold.


We'll just go.


Well, no. They know we're here.


I agree. Do you want to make sure everyone's feeling all right before we--


Yeah, that sounds legit.


So a single attack. Then I will use my War Caster ability to cast Bigby's Hand at level six and I will say, you leave when Burt Reynolds says you can motherfucking leave. (cheering)


You know what, just to be fair, I changed out all my daggers except for one, so I probably couldn't throw the same dagger three times in a row, so I think should pull back some of the modifiers, so I would pull out four, because my dagger is plus two. So the plus two for two of those hits gets taken out, right?


Yes. And make sure to include that this must all be completed within 14 days.


Are you responsible for this?


You don't like him, right?


Nine, 13.


I start peeling it away.


I was really expecting more there.


I think I'm dying.


That's good metal! Good craftsmanship, damn.


I know, let him go in the room.


I can come get you.


He could be watching us, for all we know.


Great. Everything's fine. (laughter)


Have we seen another tiefling since hitting the city?


Do they travel with assassin friends all the time? Where do they come from?


Do they write books about philanthropists?


Oh, because there are bodies in the way?


Doing much.


I know, right? I fly 20 feet up. As high as the ceiling. How high is the ceiling?


But stay within 60 feet. Everybody gather up around me again.


We went to the bathhouse to get clean?


Yeah, but these would be Umbrasyl scales. This way we can make Umbrasyl black dragon armor!


Ugh, I don't think I hit.


No, we don't want it to know we're here.


That was an option?


Kas.


Healing Word, maybe.


I can literally only see my mother when you describe this image, by the way. (laughter)


On our side of the door, I'm going to take out my healer's kit. Do I have any bandages or medical tape or anything like that?


I'll take that natural one and give another $100 to 826LA.


While all this is happening, I pull the vial of poison that I traded from that hag and start to drip it down onto my blade of life-stealing behind the group.


I'm afraid it will make whatever's in the sword come out.


-- and look pretty young. You don't know. You don't know how old you are.


Roughly how many people are crammed in here, at a guess?


I'm going to just, I'm going to get the more intense acid. I'm going to just-- I'm just going to use the tiniest bit. I want to maintain as much as I can. I want to start working on it.


If I had that, I'd be doing that all the time.


Cautionary tale in there somewhere.


Come on! What else is it gonna be with a disadvantage?


Oh God, I'm a tiefling. What happened? Why has this happened to me?


Maniac! Here it is! Get it!


But I would like to go Great Weapon Master and I would like to use Reckless Attack.


Out of how many?


Classic rage.


Matt wore the cape and I wore the tiara. It was really good.


I third that.


What? No weapon in my hand?


That's-- ooh! Fancy. 18 points of damage, four points of psychic damage, and he has to make a strength saving throw or drops his items.


Put the letter in the bag. We have it for later. Then I go and pick up Nott. Let's get out of here.


Gran Metalik.


I'm in a dress. I don't have a pocket on my buttcheek. But you can try.


Oh, I don't believe, Matt! I don't believe it!


Is that where we're going to sleep tonight?


That's some bullshit, Matthew.


I've got access to this thing. Let me show you.


I raise my hands above my head.


I saw it, Jester.


Stay invisible.


My friends just call me Tary. And I'm a bit of an adventurer. I've been traveling around this continent for a while, trying to tick off things off of my list, and I've had a few scraps and scrapes. And I'm looking for more adventure. I was travelling with a band of ne'er do wells that I had hired and, well, let's just say many of them were killed. Heh. SO. I was looking to employ a ragtag group of people, elves, whatever you are. To accompany me, sort of be my side men, if you will.


Shapeshifter.


I thank you for your advice. We will heed it well. What is your name, sir?


That was so dope!


And that's his third of this round.


So much. So much.


Aliens!


How about one of his friends Pumat Sol or Pumat Sol or Pumat Sol?


Yeah, what did you just say?


Well, at least we're all back. We can get on the flying carpet and go somewhere fun.


You better be writing this shit down.


You commune with the Stormlord? The Stormlord?


Do the running man in the mud, Beau.


And I have a question. If I do the Bramble Shot, does it do the damage straight up, and then if they do the strength save then it doesn't--


Anytime I look for anything worthwhile, I stare at rock going, huh! Found a rock.


Fair enough. You don't happen to have a bean on you, do you? Hard no?


Okay. This is so many-- (laughter)


Well yeah, in essence, I would like to jump towards the tower. If it goes better than I thought, then awesome. 21.


Right, but if it goes down--


No, Grog!


Oh no. I'm just giving myself inspiration in general. You can't do that?! Oh fuck. Well in that case, forget it. I don't do that at all.


Ooh, that's nice! 13 points of damage.


Got it. Thank you. (southern accent) I mean, got it, thank you.


Yeah well, have fun.


We should talk. This is going to take a minute.


So, can I go from a bat to a bear?


I feel so alive!


Same plan. Just go with it.


Does he shrink?


Which is hot.


Science bros, man!


What does that mean? It's always good or bad. [music]


Can we see?


19 is the second?


He's just old I thought. No?


Not particularly welcome, no.


Yeah, no, you're right, you haven't.


I don't want to enrich all of the--


Guys, my shit saw no movement. (laughter)


I feel a connection too!


But Percy, you don't believe in anything. This is bullshit!


Candles. Have you ever met a candle-maker?


I guess. I suppose she knows about this.


15 plus, what is that, ten, 14.


Mistress Asharru?


You're more than welcome to hop on the wagon, if you want. Can't promise much more beyond that.


I'm going to spend a little time with Kiri. I want to teach you some sayings. How long can you keep mimicking things?


Oh, minus two. 17.


Yeah, swing for the neck. Beheading-style.


All right, that's one grit. Taking another shot.


He still has disadvantage.


(singing) Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and--


Yeah, but do you have any theories for what happened before?


Vex, I need you on the roof.


Okay, I'm going to take a walk with Pike.


You've still got a really big dick!


I can un-stone her.


Oh, he's evil. That's evil. That's the evil dragon. Potentially.


What? You can just do that?


Oh, that's the bottom?


With its withering touch?


You'll get used to that someday.


We should talk to the Slayer's Take, as well.


Worst case scenario, she ends the day where she started.


To a point.


Which one, the dark paladin?


(laughs) I don't know.


I love his work. We'll be in touch.


Wouldn't want to be ya!


I don't necessarily see how two wrongs right anything here. It's just really kicking the ball down the road while you make another random human being you have not met miserable.


All right. First things first, please go tell your fellow gloomy friends that the hunt is off. No more flesh down here. And come back!


I come down at the mention of a skeletal wrist. Are there any other bodies in this cellar?


All right, let's split up, take these guys out.


Oh. He was supposed to go. Right?


Yeah, because I just saved his life. For a second. I also beat his ass when he was little, and let me tell you a thing about grudges: they don't go away.


Eh. Superior's a superior.


Can I attack again?


I'm going to try to mist down and just see if I can.


No, no, no. He mentioned, he mentioned Titanstone Knuckles.


I don't have enough.


(gasps) Oh my gosh!


That misses!


Yeah, there was a rug that turned to life and attacked us.


It's raining. It'll be fine.


They get out and they see Laura and go, "Ah!"


No, blink dogs don't pee.


All right, fine. I'll help.


Briar.


No, I have not, because I didn't do anything last game, because I was all recharged.


Nothing about what kind of monster it is? No darkness? Tentacles? Big teeth?


And I say, Keyleth! Can you swim?


What's the save?


Yeah! That's your second one?


But that's when we'll need to use the trammels.


I don't care about Keg or any of that. I want to talk about what you and I are doing.


I'm going to walk over to the horses and-- they're trained horses.


Concentration check. Yeah. Yeah, I'm okay. 18 and 19.


Greystone Keep! Get my robot!


I did leave a little rat turd before I got scooped out. Just so you know.


What about a secret path that we can maybe get through to avoid some of these people? Was kind of wondering if he's lying.


I mean, I'm sorry, not to be blunt, but, you know. It's pretty obvious goblins are not welcome strolling about.


No? I never had to.


Tigers resist Hunter’s Mark?


Can I do anything?


Fuck it, we'll do it live!


I pick her up and I hug her.


Was it Phil and the other guy?


We don't want him to die.


Yeah, and then we'll just Alter Self again.


They're so fucking bright!


Doesn't matter, I should have-- I'm a disgusting person. It doesn't matter. Anyway, all that gone, just like that. I ran. Not right away; I pretended like nothing had changed for several weeks. She was stark raving mad 15 minutes later herself, the woman who helped me. I killed one of Trent's people there, and took this. I pull out the necklace. This has been keeping me hidden for years. For five years.


Oh, hi. Oh, hey! Hey!


That's right you do!


He's up top.


Wow. I've never seen a bird like that before that can talk. Is that your daughter?


Back up the conversation a minute. Thank you. I would not be alive if you had not-- you saved my life. So thank you.


Mm, mm, 21!


(whispers) I'm sorry.


Stand-up comic.


Oh god, sorry, that was so wasteful.


Wait, why are we finding this Artagan fellow?


Don't fall for it, don't fall for it. She's trying to use them titties. Don't fall for it.


Bring 4,000 of your closest friends.


I'm going to try and start focusing on that for the next walk. When one gets down close, I want to see if I can see what it is?


In the air? There's air traffic? I have to worry about air traffic?


Just in case anyone was worried. If you thought perhaps we'd slipped into some sort of odd parallel universe where I was competent or in any way able to do anything. Just to let you know that we are, in fact, in the same reality, I did just roll another one.


Did you leave before he did?


I don't see her! That's it.


They both want to do it so bad.


We're preparing to go through a portal.


I'm going to use the colored ink from my mom to make it really gory.


No, it very much is. I'm very glad. I'm just surprised he didn't say anything. I spoke with him.


I move through as well if I can.


Oh. Superior healing. All right. Great.


(sighs) That was intense again! You guys are giving me anxiety attacks, you guys and Felicia being in the chat room the whole time. So I wanted to shout out some thank yous. Oh, and you guys still have time if you scroll down on the main page to 826LA donate button, click on that and donate for these guys, for the wonderful work that they're doing, and we're getting ready to read out all of your donation messages on the stream.


How big is it? How big is it, roughly?


I'm dead!


No, I'm going to take the bodies, too.


It moved away though.


When we're released, I would like to get my winnings back.


He is. When was the first time you gave it to him?


I'm a tiger so--


It's going great.


We luckily, because I know it was a tight roll.


To look like a pirate.


I make sure it's still there.


Roll. Roll. Roll.


I was dreaming--


Dragons get hungry.


Bird of Paradise.


Okay. Can I use necrotic shroud, then, if I use that as the action to run?


Three? Did that count?


A Scrying Eye.


Nott Bren, yeah.


Ooh, I love gigantic sacks


Cali.


Kick him on the way up, and then he'll follow you.


What if we can--


And your 1d4 for being gigantic.


Yeah, can I take her and yank her up with me?


I look at my sister. What is it? What does he need?


Coleson sent the pizza.


Caleb and me--


"Sory."


I know that it didn't go very well, but, this is our new family, right? We want the family to stick together. I think we need to-- oh you're over here. I think we need to lead by example.


All right, everybody's doing new stuff. With 50-foot speed, can I get to the far side of the old lady that's sleeping?


Okay. No. How are you doing this?


No, you were invisible.


All three was reload, attack, attack.


And your other equipment away.


I don't-- It says it gets its own initiative.


Guard that entrance.


Gather all the papier-mâché you have in the city.


And these, too. These are deck boxes.


That did not lead to further hallway, in fact that just led to a bedroom. It ended right there.


They're far too big.


I come down too. It's party time!


I think they're going to find us.


Are you broken again?


Don't worry, Gilmore. We'll take wonderful care of your employees.


Let's do two.


Oh, is he dead?


Way too tense to talk about all the great things Lootcrate will send you every month.


I'm a couple steps behind Fjord, saying "that way" once in a while.


(chanting) Put it on!


You get the horn.


What? You fairies are manifesting these ideas, okay? You are creating a dichotomy that does not exist.


Once we-- If we live.


Lydia.


No, no, no! I just kind of said we'd go and do it. So, it could be, you know. Ah, I just said we would do it.


Who was out of healing potions?


I have Feather Fall.


It's the Jump coin, three times my--


Natural one. 24.


Sneak Attack damage. She's a rogue!


It took that long to find him? Does anyone in this town, Deastok, know about Whitestone? Know where you found him?


Yeah, ten.


And to be fair, he was only thrown out once K'Varn took over the Elder Brain. Correct?


Good times. Good times, guys.


It was speaking to me.


So I'm invoking the blessing as we get closer.


Yeah, should. Is that right?


That is true. How cold is that lake?


13 and what?


Is it up through, all the way to the ceiling?


I hate to do this. Can I ask one last question? You just tell me to shut the fuck up, but I really don't care about the snake guy because he seems weak to me and the spell says I can choose the target. So if I only chose the hydra? I really don't care about that snake guy. He seems on his last legs. He seems like a weiner dog.


And I’m going to shoot him with my Blazing Bowstring.


The tree is producing it.


Mysteries.


It was really big.


Wait, do they have them?


I am the best at advertising. (laughter)


Literally a decorated pair of swords to make them look special.


It's a fucking natural 20.


It sounded like a thump.


We could go look.


We should investigate.


Can I bonus action and still get the Dash thing?


No no no no no! No. I’m grabbing Vex. Vax, Vex, with me. Everyone start searching. Tell them that we’re going to need a healer downstairs. And I’m going to take him. We’re going to head towards -


I appreciate your help in this matter. Hopefully we can be of some service to you down there.


This seems like a bad idea. Sure.


Most likely, yeah.


Yeah, both hands.


Hill giants.


22 hits.


I mean, I'm grappled, right? So.


I don't know what would be worse, a dragon or a beholder.


I'm sorry that I lied to you. Even though you didn't notice. I want you to know you can still trust me, and I can still trust you to not fuck with this.


No, when is Vorugal coming? We can't sit out here all day waiting.


Aw, that looked like it was going to be awesome. 11.


Oh! Only when you're finishing up.


I like to think you're scratching-- You've got a sword in your hand, for god's sake.


No, we kept out of sight in the caverns and Vorugal we don't think saw us, but we also didn't see Vorugal, either.


We'll still be right behind you.


Harvest Close.


Well, thank you. For, you know, doing that-- (nervous laugh)


I'm a bird.


That's good. 26 for Trinket.


Yes, I was all on one, unless he went down. Would I notice?


Don't you want to see your daughter?


Leave the fucking hole the way it is! We'll leave a couple gems in the bed.


Blushing Tankard.


From the other side. Which is strange really, because when I was on the other side, I don't remember hearing anything. What about you?


Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total.


Listen. They make a great cucumber salad. They've got an excellent endive.


I think I should hold it.


Hang on. Well, technically, what do bats have?


Rolling terribly.


Did it hit you that fast? It didn't hit you?


Still having those dreams, then.


I've seen your sheet, you don't speak French.


Eight. TRAVIS 19.


All right, I'm gonna do a stab. I'm gonna sing a note and see if this does anything to Mythcarver. I'll just go (sings a note) and I'll try and jam it through his arm.


Should one of us protect him?


You've got like, a section to take notes now.


That is very observant. Yeah.


That's ten points of radiant damage.


No, that's not doable. Do you have a wider gate around back or something like that?


Of course I do.


What? Something different about me?


That does have a vibration, doesn't it? I'm not at my best right now. If they're human, even if they're friendly, I'm not the first face you'd want to see.


But all I have are the basic six.


No, just us.


Right, everyone, we're getting slap-happy.


We dropped it.


Well, I'm gonna follow Keyleth back to our room.


And the Joker beats Harley Quinn.


I only have gold; I don't have checks.


I'm also going to move it closer to the one next to Beau.


Hello? Is anyone home? It's relatively safe--er. Than it was.


It's got to be Pike.


Yeah, aggressively. I don't know what you're talking about, I'm happy over here.


Don't have to do it all.


Does it look natural?


A moment of your time.


How would that work? In front of me?


I told you, I don't--


We already got copies, right?


Loot tying? I mean, rage tying.


I don't have a turn yet.


I want nothing more for you than that. Let us help you.


Well, we're around lava, right?


Currently, Vecna is just north of Vasselheim, close to Pyrah.


No! I don't know every goblin! There's lots of goblins! I never-- All right, all right, point taken, point taken. (laughter)


You have to ask the treasurer.


I'm going to back up against you.


We'll fix it.


It--


Ionos?


I don't think I can get worse than that; that is a one.


Okay. I'll wait.


Still think it went well?


I'm at 39 I wanna say?


Yeah. Persuasive Beau.


To be fair I just cast Entangle. It works. I'm distracted holding Entangle.


I was dreaming, it was real--


I've done that, actually, that's true.


Three gold pieces. I think that's worth it, Kiri. Okay. Three gold pieces.


Anything we should be worried about?


Little Zemnian man who's like  Can't believe I didn't think of this sooner!


Does it mean that much to you? Would you like it?


All ale and wine is special.


Yeah, we'll get into it, we got time.


Yrat, that is most noble of you. You truly are earning your place here.


Yes, Grog, we can hear you.


Over here, adventurer!


All good ideas.


Our sister.


Holy crap what are you?


Yeah, I think inside as well.


What the fuck? What is it?


It's a bubble. We're in a bubble. I go back down.


Is there money involved here?


No! It's-- No, don't, it's fine. No. You're fine. You're great! Hi!


Yeah, you know.


Yes, I do. That's exactly what I was going to do.


That actually wasn't the golden snitch. I was just feeling like they had something on me. Okay, so this is double the dice?


To un-grapple him.


Show me what you got!


Can he talk?


I'm just asking.


He's engaged with firbolg over here, right?


Definitely limited edition.


What the fuck is this?


Cool. So now it takes a negative two penalty to its AC and its dexterity saving throws, and it can't use reactions.


(quietly) I think so.


We got to find out some info.


Disadvantage on the shot.


Yeah, he's gonna be showing us the stones first, right? So yeah. Jesus. I go in first.


It's a library; keep quiet.


Thank you. I don't have to kill you now. (applause)


God-fucking-damn it.


Questions. There is a certain amount of knowledge in the schools of this empire, and then there are questions. Theorizing, philosophy of the arcane.


Sean Hudson, who does our post-production. And Andy Inglat, who edited that thing. Okay. I'm sweating a lot.


But they have an air force?


The thing that I had that I still want. That one.


Not Whitestone. Oh, I thought he was saying he was going to go to their hometown.


Why would a dragon keep a boat?


I think he can see you underground.


Are you going to go up his ass into his stomach?


She's in New Zealand. The other side of the Earth.


Right. Wait. And Drez sent us out through Quall.


Thank you for running with that.


Bless roll. Bless roll. Make that big roll.


Aren't you about to go out with them? You told me you were leaving.


Uh, pretty distracted for Vex.


(garbled) Don't you have a Dancing Lights cantrip or some shit like that?


We can't get closer.


Oh, good!


He's a very bad performer. I'll be right with you.


Does he know that you think of him like his son?


Try it, just try it.


Is it blown to shit?


I don't know, Grog.


It's instantly going on my wall next to my Dallas Cowboys--


No! It's good. We all need to self-reflect every once in a while. I needed it. My heart is in the right place. I know it is. I'm just afraid sometimes actions speak louder than intentions. If things I was doing could be read the wrong way, then... maybe I need to change what I do.


So they could be my healing potion, you know? We'll talk about it. Third place. So, drag her off to the Burnished Bibelots. Boom, in the door.


Wow. Is that a chosen name? Is he an edgelord Sharp?


Okay, scry. Let's scry on Hotis.


Druid dice! Not good.


Seriously? Again?


We should probably get the fuck out.


And I'll take another one, that's not going to roll well, here we go. My third hit is 16.


She can't see anything, so she's 80 feet away.


You said she was lush, you didn't say she was a lush.


Overall.


Yeah, I'm going to stealth-- yeah.


We're going to switch out the one that we usually use.


Nobody has tails down here.


Then we wouldn't have to go to Whitestone. It would hold all of our things.


Can I stand on the top and look out from the platform and see what is visible from the platform and what areas seem hidden in the landscape?


Just some iron ore. Actually, I have a little invention which sends projectiles at great speed.


I'm floating above, keeping an eye.


Wait, we need to prep anything?


Maybe on the walk, we can see if we can find a tar restaurant.


No one's cast Light yet.


Weeks? So this has been happening for quite a while?


What's Allison been up to?


Hm, what about those kind of fish that have the--


Well, I'm glad to hear that you have a family because it would be a shame for someone like you to be alone.


I'm a flyer, so I'm good.


He will probably hear the thoughts inside your mind.


Yes, you had it from the dinner party.


Okay, I'm going to use my movement-- can I see them all?


We have a sloth on standby.


Bling! Bling, bling, bling!


I feel like my intelligence went down one.


We know what pushes their buttons.


So stay on it.


And stealing is wrong. But if you did it, could you get away with it?


That's radiant damage, and then the Spiritual Weapon--


Hey, big man.


Did you say she was a dwarf?


I'm going to rush forward and help. Do the same thing.


Remember, they turned into shooting stars and they flew away.


From the Menagerie Coast?


Gonna be buffing us like a vampire slayer.


We should disguise ourselves.


First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to cast-- I'm going to get myself into a reasonable position and I'm going to cast-- where did it go? There it is. Calm Emotions. In theory, if this is a charm spell, and this counts as a charm if I'm correct, you can just fail a charisma save, if you'd like.


I don't know if I have the knowledge, but I'll look at it.


Seeing if I can find ways through.


In this world, on the ground? I love it. We haven't done it that much lately.


We have a Keep back in--


Yeah, should we come up on different sides?


I guess we're going slower than that.


19. Oh, 19 and then for Trinket-- oh no.


My father was killed, and I was left on my own in the woods, so I left.


I mean, I'll go in and--


Yeah! I love everything that's happening.


OhGreatLampShade, we thank thee for thy mercy.


He just went to go poop.


We could just camp here for the night.


Wait! Before you talk out loud, can't you use your magic to make some sound or something to muffle what's happening in here?


I saw the whole--


No, I get that. I do.


No, I've still got two more shots. Actually, I get my grit point back from that because that was a natural 20, so that was a free shot.


Could be anywhere.


Not for a long time, one would hope.


Athletics or strength?


No! Just chatting.


Are you high? Are you high on the ocean?


I thought maybe it would say like maybe you know, romantic on the boat. But great. Good. So, if that's the case, then I'm not getting into that room. I think that I should tail this team instead, if you've got an eye on the exit to that building.


I used it twice, and you said, stop bothering me, Tiberius.


I pull out a cat's paw and say  (stuttering) Bad dog. Maximilian's Grasping Cat's Claw comes out by that one there. It has to make a strength saving throw.


There's a pen pal. And finding out who the pen pal is--


Small miracles.


Oh shit. 16 and then 3d6?


And I cast Hold Person at the same time.


Oh shit. Where are you off to now?


Bad at this.


All right. If I climb down there, it's an athletics thing?


Further than my visual range. Okay, we've got company up ahead. So, yeah.


I am concerned that there are more further on in these tunnels, but I think you're right, we won't be of any use to these people if we don't get them to safety first.


No. But I can do climb!


Bad dog.


You're not.


Aww. Damn it!


Maybe we shouldn't do that right before we go to the swamp where we're going to fight people.


Oh, so did I. Best friends.


Oh, god. Just straight strength?


We're going to fucking get Vax out of there.


(combustion)


It's a new day. I didn't waste it at all.


There's a temple.


For sure. They also work here almost all week, and practice after all the shows. (laughs)


Well, let's take a look around.


All right, and I'm going to drop one, two, three, four, five points of Cabal's Ruin into that one. Drop, motherfucker. Three, four, five.


That's right, we're part of 826 National, which is our umbrella organization out of San Francisco. We have chapters in San Francisco, we have one in New York, in Chicago, D.C., Michigan, Detroit. We're actually opening one in New Orleans very soon.


You're still really cool looking, though!


Okay. I'll go stand by the enchantment-- under the symbol for enchantment, just in case.


Wait, that's damage.


Overnight rebellion!


Why would he? He doesn't--


I can try, but in Whitestone, there was at least a visual path toward the ball, but I don't think there is one here, is there?


You don't to need check it again, he didn't tell us to.


(laughs) Whoa, you're huge!


Oh, terrible. Actually terrible. That's terrible. So that's going to be a 13 and natural one.


How many do you have?


Taliesin, you work in film and TV. You know how this works! Get behind where we are.


That took a dark turn.


I'm going to back up away from it.


But it won't kill the thing.


The Bastions  what are they?


We hardly can make cocktails.


Then let's go see him or her. Or they.


This a lot. I'm having a hard time figuring out this damage.


Stone. Soap-stone.


This is the most epic map ever, by the way.


From down the hallway you hear  Now the question is, if we do the same thing again, will another one come out? Or do we need to try to hit all three at the same time? Let me come in there.


This is a step up from fine leather boots, Grog.


I roll for strength check?


How much radius does the dragon take up?


And say, "We all want the same thing. Kima. Tell us. What is it that you've come here for? What is your purpose here? Speak your mind, if you are true."


Oh, that's still me manufacturing shit. Okay.


What was your name?


What is it, what is it?


That's fair. I'm into that.


Okay, I will rotate around the guy with the red ring around him so that I'm between him and his friend.


Oh, sweet gods of Pelor!


(wheezing) I made it, guys! I'm glad you made it!


And handing money to Vex has sobered me up a little bit. I do walk over to Kern the Hammer and extend a hand and say, well fought, brother.


Charlie Sheen.


I'm watching Nott, and as soon as I see that she has found everything that she is looking for, I've got the copper wire ready, and I mutter through it, to the one on the ground: They're going to kill you. You have to run, now.


