At the break we're giving away--


Sorry, big man.


That was not supposed to work!


Oh shit, sorry! I'm so sorry!


Oh, stop it.


See you next week!


Never mind, friendly bear. (all laugh)


Bam. Doing that shit.


What elemental?


I think she's okay, I left her in an invisible-- I made a false rock.


Let's open him up and figure out if he's lying.


I'm fine. I just want to check in, to see how you're doing.


Don't care.


Beautiful!


I turn to her guards and say, do I wake her up? Does she not like being-- I don't want to be rude! But I kinda need to talk to her and I'm only here for a few more hours, and I--


Ooh, no.


It's a growing book.


Good job. Yeah. Would you be willing to-- are you okay with that, for the actual big-- I mean, you could be up close and personal with fucking Vecna.


Oh good.


Any time you need me. (laughs) Ish. I will try to be there.


No, the closest we have is lima beans.


Are you an imposter?!


How long does your magic last?


Yeah, slow-mo style. Fwoom. Ting.


Sorry. If Zahra wanted to make some dragon arrows, could she use stuff here in the castle?


Going to get out my sketchbook and I'm going to leave the little bubble for a little bit and wander out and I see Beau and Keg. I wander a little further away and I sit down with my sketchbook.


Oh no, I missed!


How? We're on the carpet, he's flying. Scanlan's riding on an eagle.


That's a lot of people. How you guys doing? (cheering)


Sorry. Not really sorry. 21.


Have I rested? What's going on?


Oh, Grog, how's your back?


600 gold!


There are five total? Whoa, I did math.


Do you want to send in Frumpkin, bird Frumpkin, see what he finds?


You've been betrayed.


By the blessing of Bahamut, I choose Draconia.


Now, I'm standing at the portal ready to, yeah.


They all launched, and I'm in a cute adventure cartoon for young girls and boys. And I'm up against bloody, gritty live-action dramas and political satire and other cartoons, as well. Roger Craig Smith is playing Mouse Cookies. But if you like Everstar, which is this young action/adventure space-pirate story, give it a watch. If you like it, vote it through. If it gets voted through, I will continue to be a robot.


Oh, the guy from Battlestar Galactica. Oh, what was his name? Adama?


We can all get there. We can all get there.


I'm going behind those stalagmites over there.


Never get into a drinking game with a man of the sea.


Can I see the cover when she grabs the book?


Am I the only arcane?


(sighs) Okay. More than anything, I think I would want you all to be relief for the surrounding area and surrounding villages if anything disastrous were to happen. I know you have to guard the rift and that is insanely important and especially right now with someone like Vecna who could potentially abuse that. But if anything were to happen, I don't know if you could house extra people during a disaster.


I'd say for me it was doing Type-0. Not so much the actual lines, 'cause I had a lot of fun. I don't know if that's cathartic, but. Completing an actual real life dream goal. I've said this a couple times before, but the last day I was recording the last stuff, I was literally crying on the way home, because I finally got to level myself up. And this thing kept it up, and it was really cool.


God, is she flying really far away?


Time! We don't have a lot of time. So what are we going to do with it? Are we going to get allies? Are we going to talk to Allura again? Gilmore?


I don't know. I just have a vial of it. I don't know how much that is.


Now I like this guy.


Percy ate a soul!


Then I go back out. I just wanted to see.


Whoa, that was sexy! You guys, we need formations! We need code words!


Hundreds of text messages.


No, I've bathed before, yeah, I know what a bath is.


No, every time it's magical and very special.


I mean it could be an undead--


You're busy. You're busy.


Cosko.


Got it. So I tiptoe all the way back to everybody and say, listen. Stop doing that. Stop. There's two passageways up the way. I think we're in some sort of dungeon--


He's still in the cage--


Wait, before we go in--


Shit, they do talk!


Everybody kill Keyleth.


And just to try it out, I would like bring out the flaming hammer of--


I'm going to go ahead and do Flurry of Blows for these next two. That's a natural 18.


Oh, but you're still unconscious.


You ruined the fucking lock! (laughter)


Is the waterfall really hardcore? Could we see if there's anything behind the waterfall?


Did Jester spend hours doing that?


What is Terrah?


You just took a drink and you're back.


It's okay, Grog.


Not good for Pike.


I think we're all here. I'm moving through his stuff.


How you want to do this!


We could fell the tree right on them as they come by.


What would you do every week without sponsorships? You would explode.


(small laugh) Not very much.


Is it possible to get inside the door?


Cali, can you make this water around the tree go away?


I'm holding my action.


That keeps giving and giving and...


Yeah, we're starting to-- not like this. Starting to drop like flies.


It's mostly seitan. There's a few different things I use. You can really get an effect, it's--


Where that mug came from!


Wait, let's come up with some more announcements so we never have to start.


I'm going to parry.


Okay, so, I'm going to alert everybody, get down! And I'm going to take three shots--


I don't want to touch this. I feel like we should go over it.


I am not giving you shit, I am putting a subject on the table for the group. I need to make an informed decision about what Nott and I are doing.


Yeah! Put him a little lower, Grog. I rip off the necklace.


Matt! Come on. Let's get some crew people.


You have to roll, don't you?


And I get him a tiny glass of creme de menthe. (laughs)


Go, run faun, run.


Was like a ruse?


Wow, that's super great. Five points.


Yeah, get him to come toward the door.


You know what, I'll start digging a little pit.


She's not my favorite anymore.


Earmuffs. (all laugh)


Yeah, we all have one.


Oh, both!


Very bathed. In fact, quite bathed.


First time ever.


Just a little time. And I walk.


When you are.


Can you cast Fly on somebody?


Remember, Delilah was already down there? She was in tunnels underground, right?


Yep. No action.


Dragon Queen Baator? Is that what he said? Baator?


Perhaps it's time to be a better badass.


And he's got advantage on smell. 25.


Yeah, to fit in those things.


I'm sorry. Yes.


Monday at nine.


Seven damage. I'm sorry. I was adding the wrong modifier. I was looking at the wrong guy.


A flaccid penis, or an erect penis?


Did you ever meet a dragon named Thordak?


Daughter of Sarenrae, I'm guessing.


Good narration DM. Good narration.


Yes. I'll be going there anyway.


I still think we should keep watch.


(singsong) New Trinket stats!


Dragon does not seem to be--?


He's so good! That was good!


Scanlan is up?


Vox Machina! (laughter)


Lower than a 13?


Yes. I didn't even really understand how good I had it. I was so used to being okay no matter what, even if I rolled a one.


Get out of the city!


We've got other people who can do healing spells.


It's you, right?


But you did it.


Nott, if any of us are in the room, no Fluffernutter, okay?


Burt, your mustache is falling off.


I go rescue the bear.


I'm not moving, man. Hey. Hey, Flynn. Hey, man. How about first we put the swords down, because we helped? Yeah.


Oh! Hello, Balgus.


Just, once again, like, it-- No.


Yeah, I got one hit point.


Have you had the elderly or the sick in these tents before?


11 points. That's not bad, yeah.


Okay. Okay. This was last night. I was looking for a place to hide.


Or eat fecal matter, question mark? Signed Algar. (laughter)


What do you think when you look at me?


No, obviously-- just us. Let's try this proper. I'm going to start walking and see if I can make eye contact with anything.


Boulder-Parchment-Shears. Perfect opportunity.


Ooh, and a natural 19 for the second one.


It wasn't Power Word Kill, it was Finger of Death?


Prison Break-style. It'd be so dramatic.


Did the little Wildemount theme song.


Get that motherfucker. Get it get it, girl, get it get it.


So if we attempt it, then she can intervene? She can be on our side?


I'm gonna step up.


You fucking piece of shit.


We are going to get a bunch of angry tweets from stegosauruses and triceratops.


Good, he's back, you guys. He's back.


I'd assume they are not safe here. We'd have to convince them to leave, or protect them somehow, or make a deal to at least protect them in poverty.


The ones that died.


Anything further?


That's Tennant. That's also who I dressed up as at the superhero party. I painted myself purple.


Bonus action, I hide again.


With that last one, can I take my right leg and in an effort to shoot for that same knee I've been kicking at, aim for the knee or sweep his feet?


Oh, that's a million. 26.


I will sing  (singing) Hail to the goliaths, hail victory, blood on the warpath, fight for Vax and me. (laughter)


I like rings!


Yep. We go.


I'm going to shoot the one that I tried to hit before.


Oh! So weird!


Nah, you're good. Just swim.


And was that skill learned or innate?


Oh good, I see you brought us your best, Reggie. Thanks, man.


We need to get the last trammel in.


Steven Seagull.


But they look so good on me. And your feet are so smelly! Are you-- are you mad?


Poop, poop.


Mandrake?


Dex plus two. So 19?


Oh, well, we were wondering if we could be of service to you. We happen to have acquired a great many dragon bits and we thought you might be in need of buying them for your sellers-- buyers. Your people.


I would do this at home.


Or maybe you're free from that deal?


And I'm going to put my gun away, walk up to him, and begin stabbing.


No, we keep that sword. This one with that sword?


To Lord Briarwood. Again.


Pike isn't here!


It's got to be water.


Aw, god damn it.


All right. When do I get to look at the cards?


They do have a range.


That is a series of poor life choices.


Why are you big men making these weird speeches to me?! (laughter)


We can't find the card.


What if we block this one, and then we block the one in Whitestone, and then we just--


"Vex, let me see the diamond for just one second." As he's shaking his sword, I go into the Bag of Holding and take out the Mending Wheel.


Dirty birds.


Oh, shit. Invisibility again.


Keep going. Feel like we were on a roll!


Let them poke sticks in here and find nothing.


No, but one of them is 27 and 23.


Let's have them. Let's tell the crew what's up. Early in the morning, at first light.


Banished from the game!


Yes, but the upside was so--


Approaching us? Or we're approaching it?


Wait, this was Scanlan One.


I think the snare glove is 1d8.


Jesus! What the fuck is that?!


He put a ring on it! (cheering)


You're at 39.


I tried to do a little observing, too, in Zephra as well. I didn't want to interfere with their customs, but it's like working at a funeral home, and over time you just get used to it. A couple of bits and pieces. I saw everybody, really. I went on a man's weekend with Grog and killed things, that was awesome. Talked a lot of shop with Pike. God talk. The girls went off on their own a little bit, so I spent time trying to figure out what it was Percival does in his workshop. He lent me a book about the history of Whitestone.


Someone's going to fucking die.


White?


What does Underdark sound like, by the way? (all laugh)


Okay. Then I'm gonna-- I'm gonna cast it at fourth level.


That was a sick description!


There is no mansion yet. I haven't done it yet.


And now I'm unimpeded, direct. All the way to him.


Yeenogru or Yeenoghu?


Two Grogs? Is it like two Grogs?


Haha, funny joke.


Can I roll to see if he's bullshitting?


I'll have a granola bar.


You've got to go more nasal, Taliesin.


This is some Bones shit.


I miss my mama already. I thought we could see her longer.


Do the talking thing, I'm going to go back in.


It's a cave. Okay. I tell my sister  it's a dead end. It's nothing. Coming.


Who can look up the stats first?


I'm flying, so I'm up near it. Can I investigate it?


The skull did.


That'll do. I'm examining one of the red rocks. Does it look like anything? The red circle spheres.


Fuck. I'm going to draw Mythcarver and look at it. Admire it for a moment. Turn to Pike, who's right next to me, and Healing Words her with just a simple touch. Can I demonstrate on you, Taliesin? I'm going to do this. Just that.


All right. I give her a big hug, and I whisper in her ear. You don't always have to put on a brave face, dear.


I'm going to take a nap. Taking a short rest.


Pike comes running up the steps.


It's not my sex abilities.


No, I said I wanted to help.


Five, so 11.


I would also like to throw out there the other-- it currently looks like it's a race between Starburns, Freddie Mercury, and Fu Manchu.


It's welcome, it's very welcome. Which way is the potion shop from here?


He makes dead people tea. It's very nice tea.


And back to hers.


We have options.


"What did I do?"


I'm hitting things.


Puddin'.


You look so mopey.


Okay. Come on, come get some!


Percy and I strategize.


You're right, it will, yeah.


Come on Caleb.


You guys, I've just had a near-death experience. I've been craving some lasagna. Okay? So I'm going to make some of the best goddamn lasagna we've ever had in our life. I'm going to spend a thousand dollars and make some amazing fucking lasagna.


Yeah, let's call it a night. Thank you.


There's still one left?


Okay. Oh, shit. 18?


Was I doing that? It's force of habit, I don't - it's like breathing.


The people who are in the water, are they being dragged under? We can just not see them anymore?


I've seen it, it's huge.


Oh, no I'm get-- (grunting) Is that for me? Beau, its beautiful!


Yeah. Just back away. Back into that corner there. Yeah, back to The Duchess. Son of a bitch.


For me?


I mean, right? You'll help me out with that?


Same thing, I want to see-- could you help me over here?


That makes us all stealthy?


I'm flying! I'm flying, Jack!


Can you seal it?


And then I go  Look, I'm a gymnast! (laughter)


You're still alive!


What? We've got to have somebody to kill while we're at sea.


I tell him to do a blep. So he just does this--


No, I used it all up. I didn't cross it off. Two.


Oi, T-- Tar--


What if he bites and kills you?


Sorry, got a little squirrely on that one.


But they said this was being guarded by the Hand of Ord. Interesting.


Then I could send--


Should I go ahead and roll?


Because the fucking dragon's going to see us right now.


I don't actually know what I'm talking about, to be fair.


Okay, arcana check is a 20.


Except if we bring this to the Plank King, it's admitting that we broke into the ship and stole it.


Please be careful. Wait, I tell him. Scanlan, this is very delicate. Please be very gentle with this.


I just can't believe he got here.


Those lips are very big.


Okay. Wait, which one?


Allow me to collect my additional notes.


I'm going to back up as-- Can I crawl? Do I have enough movement to crawl back through the window?


They know we're here now.


You think he wants a mercenary showing up in his life, looking for him? Think about it.


Okay, I know the twins are good on flying, for the most part.


That's Gilmore's mini. Any time Gilmore talks, can he have that mini?


Yes, Nott, I did.


Oh yeah, like I was saying to you, there is a tree out there and there is something sleeping in it.


We can definitely do a distraction to get some of them to turn away from us. At least we get a round in.


Why don't I do Mass Cure Wounds on everybody?


Yaas, queen! She's working her butt off.


And I'm going to first attack the one fighting Grog.


Yeah, after you piss on it.


Guys, our money's getting away!


Are we just leaving a boat here, is that the--.


Darkvision is 60 feet, I wrote it down.


I take out like my little filet knife and I start going to town on the frost worm in front of me, trying to salvage anything that I can from him.


(chanting) Level three. Level three.


Sure, what does that mean?


Oh, so they went after them?


Whoa, that's a cool name.


How's Febron?


History check.


Later?


I'm sorry. I'm-- sorry, that just means she visited the Earth, and the Fire, and the Water Ashari. She completed her Aramente.


Where is Avantika and Jamedi in the initiative order?


You doubled down from the last campaign, didn't you?


No, no, no. It's okay. I would rather be here, and I'm glad that you guys called me.


You there, excuse me. Hello?


We're doing it.


Isn't it weird?


Should we look around the room for the maul?


Of course not. But my brother is not with him anymore.


Sorry, Quebec.


That's good, because I noticed your beard.


(sings) Traps, traps, traps-traps-traps.


I can't do anything else without dropping this thing because as soon as I do anything else, I drop the horn. So I have to do that first.


I'll try. If you want to join us, you could just point and clap, off to the side. You don't have to dance. You can be there to, like--


Don't make that face!


Hers.


Okay. That's good, that's positive, guys. We're getting somewhere. Is that my movement? Is that my bonus? What is that?


Was there no other choice?


How about four?


What the fuck is the Kryn though?


Does a 20-- Is that good?


We don't actually have an official theme yet, but I have a strong sensation that it's probably going to be something about Riverdale. I get the vibe that we might be going to Riverdale. There might be a teenage witch. Maybe a band. I don't know. We'll see. It's not official yet, but I'm working on it.


Be quiet.


Oh, shit! Sorry. No, I'll take the first roll. Sorry. I'm forgetting everything. No, I'm not doing reckless. It was 21.


We just freeze?


Can I sniff and make sure it's actually a real potion that he gave us? Did he give us fucking fake potions?


Yeah, it's really not that good.


Well I could be wrong, but with what I know how to do, I don't think it can do that to this door, for a short amount of time.


He doesn't look good.


Carrying groceries in, look, guys  hoagie stuff!


Toss another dice to Percy, he seems to need them.


And I'm going to take out one of my-- Hunter's Mark! And one of my Sleep arrows. And I want to shoot it with my Sleep arrow.


No, let's slow our pace.


Okay, so first and third. The first one gets the sneak attack. So that is (adding) 29, plus the psychic damage, gets 32. That's the one that sneak attacks. Then the other one, the regular one, where'd my pyramid go? Gets a ten. So a total of 42 between the two attacks.


Are those different directions?


Way up after Nott has gone, I go over to Norda. Is Norda down there?


Leylas Krynn. Did I say it right?


I wouldn't say fought, because I beat him really easily, and then I ran away.


When you wake up, you just write.


Hold it, Marisha.


No, nothing can be there.


Come on, Vex. Come on, sister.


No, no, no, no!


This time, it's big.


I'm peeking through the door at this point.


That is a decision, sure.


What is the deal?


Hold on, it's going to happen. Let it happen.


They're going to get fired.


We should probably get one of those made.


Do the people seem friendly? Do they seem tired?


Oh yeah! The robot is--


I don't see it.


No, stealthy stealth.


What's Dungeons & Dragons?


This will be no problem, right?


Where is the circle? Oh. Thank you.


A sled. Like a toboggan and hold it there so when he lands he'll just slide.


Send who?


Do you want to rest before we do that?


And liked it.


We got someone to remove a debt upon our heads.


I was about to say, make her do a persuasion roll, it'd be funny.


I kinda clamp my hand over his mouth and tell him to shush.


I did! It took everything.


We're allowed to say the date now?


I'm gonna throw up! I'm gonna throw up!


This is the best plan we've ever had.


Anything alchemic.


And whatever Molly is. (laughter)


Scanlan's out, too? Fuck.


24, 26!


He's a little feathery Frumpkin.


(pff)


Did you erase the Overlord drawing?


Yasha, Molly, Cali, and Fjord. We'll walk towards it.


Oh, oh! I have a Belt of Dwarvenkind that lets me read Dwarvish.


That is a 23 to hit.


Everyone use code names.


Sure. Yes. I don't know how much money we have.


Unarmed? She tried to kill us.


We need to get everybody underground while we can.


Okay, I'm going to--


That's 22 to hit, and then dear fucking god.


Actually, can you move the Wyrmwood box, because all I'm--


We can destroy more, if we're not careful.


Seafloor Bounty.


I can see and hear and all that stuff.


What's done is done.


Is he coming to this side?


Vax? Who has--


To the temple of Sarenrae.


You sweet, sweet man.


Is it open? Can I open the door?


Have a whole seagull!


No no, he just broke out, right?


I could take you back to where I bought this cloak yesterday, if you want to go there.


Yes, I am!


I got a one on both. Thank god they were both at advantage.


It's going to be keyframed and photoshopped, I'm aware.


Most of mine are illusion and something else.


My god is called Vesh, and I am the only one on the planet who has ever heard of her. Yeah, she killed everybody else. Want to talk to her?


Are you remodeling?


Now I know.


Ooh, secrets.


Is someone before me?


I look down at Pike. Pike, buddy, are you all right?


Vex. Vex. Sorry, Vex.


Okay, I think getting-- yeah, we should, it's easier to not get caught. And then we'll stealth as bats.


Just enough so we can slip unnoticed downstairs.


Nobody cares but you.


A lot of white dragonhide. I think we even have a fair amount.


It could work for either of us.


Do you stinky people want to come with us?


Oh. A bathroom break room?


It did nothing!


Can I get decreased fire damage?


And we didn't. But maybe if we see that sword, we can be like, "Hey, do you know who Kas is?" and if he does, then we're like, "Oh fuck!"


Do I still have control of the vine?


Can I locate the crownsguard?


Seven total. So I got that.


We have so many things that we need to do!


Well, listen, we're not going in the orb, right?


DM, just for funsies, do I sense Vecna in any way, shape, or form?


It did. It did the fire damage against the dragon.


"Okay!" We stealth. Can I head that way?


We could sit down on the floor together and have a look.


Well, that's why you're on the boat.


Yeah, so if I roll bad, or--


Does she have the power to create more lycans?


Damn it! He's a vampire!


I know I, for one, have had my discontent with the Empire, so it's good to hear we're not alone.


And that's when I went to the right?


(whispering) I'm actually really shit at giving advice, but don't tell anyone, okay?


We take ours off, I'm taking mine off now. Good night.


Looking cool, but stealthing.


That's right, we were supposed to escort her back. Yep.


Oh, like a (explosion noise). Oh, cool! Got it. Then I'll take those two dudes.


This is her game.


Oh man. What the fuck?


Oh my god, if we thought we made it out of this--


All right. I will insight check him. That bitch. That did not go well.


I hate him so much.


Yeah, we getting in a fight?


I describe the room. I don't know what's in there yet, but something's changing.


'Cause I didn't pull up the Cone.


Faerie Fire is one of the best fucking spells, man!


51. I want to carve his shoulder blade out and away like a piece of turkey--


Highbearer Vord.


If I hadn't sneezed, you guys, we never would have seen this.


Say that again, Perce.


And finished. Using Backblaze makes me feel so awesome and cool and hip and young and free and attractive and empowered and invincible. It's so easy, even a total jackass could use it.


Okay, I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt on it.


Chaotic Neutral, baby!


We need the eyes. I didn't have the contract.


All right, I'll pass the trammel to Grog.


Done


He's busy this week.


Keep their morale up, I think, is all I mean. We have done good things, I know that the day was-- it was a day. But we want this to keep going.


It's a lot. Scrooge McDuck over here is fucking swimming in that shit.


Whoa, my natural one must have been real shit.


Wait, hang on! Grog just said wait!


I was wondering if you had a small box of some sort that could carry a magical item, and perhaps shield it from detection.


Right, I would like to run around the other side of the rock, raging, spit flying out my of my mouth! I would like to use the chain of returning, also crafted by Tiberius, attach it to the end of the greataxe, and throw it from where I am at the snake.


Okay, I'm going towards this fucking ogre. I'm going to do a pole vault situation. Lift myself up, and then come down with a big ol' slap. First strike. Okay! 20 total for the first one. Okay, that's not good, five damage.


Okay, it's not.


I'm going to heal him first.


I hope they have milk.


Clarota, so when you eat their brains, do you also get their thoughts, maybe?


How many things can you learn about?


Yeah. My guy will look more like the Meat Man in undead form, but otherwise, everyone's normal.


Actually, I have to stop really quickly and use the bathroom. There's these little outhouses over in the corner right here that drop straight down into the--


Is that remnants of Dork, still?


Sorry about that!


Are you going to wear red?


Yeah, I'm so glad they wrote out the exclamation point.


Yeah, I would like to find the Wharfmaster.


You made sketches the entire time.


Caleb, you're in charge. Which way are we going?


How are you?


Maybe not all of the Reserve was destroyed. Maybe they have secret rooms underground, where they keep the most ancient texts. We should at least check.


Can I ask a question? Since I was obviously out of commission with the whole last fight that happened--


No, I thought I attacked.


Vex! Vex, give me a sign? Vex! Throw a pebble. If you can hear me, throw a pebble!


If the entrance is here, I'm throwing it in the opposite direction of where we are.


Beholder!


Yeah, why don't you see if Fjord wants it?


And has been since Raishan's appearance in Whitestone.


I don't actually know. I'm laser-focused on my shitty one-shot.


Tell me how I would go about doing this. As I fall with the carpet, I want to try to pull up on the carpet and land in the shit.


Science-bro stuff.


You know, Vex, I don't want to be alone right now. (laughter)


Right, and I did the boots, so I have action-action-bonus action.


They're all shivering in fear, you guys


I need to sleep. You need to sleep.


Did you do a cannonball?


I'm going to turn us all deep green. With Seeming.


Magic domes.


So let's let Asum know.


Do I sense any type of creatures living under here?


No, you don't know what she's talking about. It's Esperanto.


All right. I'm gonna go down to the bottom, to the Abyssal at the bottom. Checking for traps.


Steal that boat?


Months but we also don't want to wait until--


Two weeks earlier every year.


First, I want to stamp him out in the fire, in the snow, sorry. Stamp out his fire in the snow.


You guys have jazz hands.


If she was a little older, Tiberius would kill her. (all laugh)


Right, but depending on what it is. Those both do different things. Okay, they do the same thing. Sorry.


Yeah, so Herr Tinkertop, once we are to get past these defenses, would dispelling its arcane nature shut the machine down?


I don't understand. We've killed with reason.


Nott, Caduceus, Caleb.


Have fun.


You mean, the one we just saw around the corner?


There's a dagger, there's a cloak. Armor. There's a staff.


Give her time.


I knew this day would come.


Not Grog, though. I'm gonna just--


You're sure you're adding that right?


Thank you, Sam.


Well, Stubby, I spent so many years standing at your side. I guess I thought on that day, I'd be standing at your side.


What does that-- What does that do?


Nine plus four, for the hit.


I'm not going to say that I'm never going to do anything stupid again, and I certainly wouldn't necessarily want you to stop me if I were, but I'm not going to do this sort of stupid, am I?


Well, Percival, you threw "gentleman" out the window about 30 seconds ago.


She can do 100 push-ups.


But we can always easily go get her.


Wow! That's a long way. It's the same as the other one?


I might read it later when you're done reading it.


Do you know all of the members of this Iron Brigade-- what's it called?


It explodes.


Was that an issue?


And a one.


Yeah, it's bottomless.


Do you want to be unconscious again? We have to be careful here.


Goldfish are not magnetically attracted to water. They still just fall.


Or it can only be on the full moon, or something.


Sure. Recon.


I said I balanced it out and that I'm kind of doing that.


You have a photographic memory, don't you?


Pike, don't toy with our emotions.


Who didn't know that here, honestly.


Damn it! It was a 20. Now it's a 22.


Deception? Fuck, come on. 12.


Oh my god. We're Minecrafting.


But you know, you wouldn't suffer.


Come on, dice. Be good to me. No. That is a 17.


Aw, come on Grog.


No, he's a good guy!


He got 19!


Advantage or straight up?


Somehow you make that less threatening. I'm not sure how you do that.


What, are you really cock-blocking right now?


No, I'm super not okay. What's going on? What the fuck is going on?!


I'm going to hold my turn until all of our party has gone.


All who read this, let it be known, by order of Aes Adon-- it's a stupid name, Scanlan. But it's fine.


Oh my goodness.


I'll do whatever they say.


Can I swing the axe?


It seems that they don't have a strong housing code. They can get away with these more unique builds. It's very fascinating.


Jester, this is your axe.


He's so fantastic. He's so kind-hearted. He took me in when I was-- anyway we'll talk about it over fire camps!


Hold on! And I go giant eagle form.


So we wouldn't be out a Message range of each other.


Well, okay. Let's see. I'm going to follow Yasha, because that's apparently the way-- how much distance can I cover? How close to her can I get?


Charm him, ask.


Very smart. Did you see my title?


I made contact. I'm supposed to meet up tonight in the casino one hour after sunset. I'm supposed to wear red. I will not lie, I am shitting myself, I'm so nervous.


What about in the Pillow Trove? Do they have a little library there?


I have their armor.


Does that do a thing then? For him or is it just double damage?


With you and me, it goes back and forth.


And now we're going to take a slice at this one. And that's... that'll do it. (counting) 25 to hit.


No! Not every time!


I'm going to do something very weird. I'm going to walk over and dampen my hand on the water on his chest really quickly and (sniffing).


We all have those.


Vaporize this motherfucker. (laughs) Cross the streams! (laughter)


Gazlowe? Yeah, he's really stupid.


I'm going to hold Bane.


Should I? Yeah.


Keyleth goes over and gives her a hug.


You got a lot of hit dice that you can roll.


They're zombies, so yeah!


This is our punishment for--


He says he sees three things.


Why don't we take the rest of the night to try and do some research. Is there any way we can find maybe maps or something about ancient history books?


Donatello's my favorite Ninja Turtle.


Oh, and Trinket's gonna swim towards the door.


She's always here in my heart.


We're close?


Thank you, Scanlan, for making me feel... So, guess what! I can fly! A-plus!


-- Alter Self. Yeah?


Okay. Come here. I have an idea. Okay? So everybody, hold onto me somehow.


Okay, I'm going, I know he'll get a hit on me, but I'm gonna run away from the guy behind me, run straight at the general, and just open out my arms in an outstretched big hug, and I'm like, come here big guy, come here! And I give him a big hug, and upon touching him, I cast Banishment on him and send him to another dimension.


Two shots in his leg!


Does it taste like stomach acid? Because that's gross, man.


Get the goliath. Get that goliath.


We're not fighting, they're trying to protect the skull.


How many do I add?


But he's got a rug, he's got the flying carpet.


Yes, of course! We've got to find out what's going on.


How did Orthax take his form with you?


Yeah, but you know also, the other day, you gave me 200 gold, so it's not really a problem.


Knock-knock, we have your son, safe and sound.


Sea horses with unicorn horns.


Check her person for anything.


Any attack or spell. All right. So, let's roll this one. Not great. That's not great, but luckily I got really high wisdom. So, 18.


Obviously, we've gotten the better end of this deal.


Let's get a drink, maybe? It's only been a day.


Come on, friend. We just need to ask you a few questions and we'll let you be on your way, as long as there's nothing too inappropriate happening. Devil's Tongue.


Oh, I pictured Gilmore with black hair.


Oh boy, oh boy, okay. I wander off with it to study it.


Early in the morning.


When people have libations they get up to hijinks at night, and that seems like the main activity here.


It's a robe, it's not a rope. It's from the inside of a robe or jacket.


I said goddamn.


Big, small?


So the daggers are not magic?


Fuck. Can I go the other way around?


You've got an elven perception check.


Heal her!


Can I grab the sword with two hands, please?


Can I see her, if I've gone up to her?


Are we all in flight now?


So that's Trinket.


A stick.


I got it! (cheering)


We could try to just draw him out somehow.


(laughing) How did he take that?


Might be too close.


It can't do anything.


Thank you, Matt Mercer, for this amazing new campaign! Welcome to Wildemount.


Do you know where? Can you sense where it is?


I hand the three vials of blood to Vex to put in the Bag of Colding.


I've seen their traps. I know their methods!


What do I have--


Did you-- wait.


Pick who up?


You don't think they'll patrol this area?


All right. Well, let's get going, then.


Yeah, the letter does say the Wayfarer's Cove and it says it's supposed to be delivered by the end of this month, so I feel like there's some urgency if we're going to capitalize on intercepting this.


The pit fiend was a devil. Who was the guy who lied to us, and you said devil at one point, and he was actually a demon.


Probably not where they were from.


We head over to a table in the corner to discuss.


Right out front, we hear it?


Him first.


Let me see if I can Control Water and take a wave to toss him overboard.


I don't know, for your bear. AC, HP, bite attack, claw attack, plus eight.


48 hours.


Can I send two shots of Eldritch Blast at the stuff around it, the kelp?


Okay, there's a little bit of distance, so I'm just going to start hucking daggers at them. I'm going to start with dagger of life stealing.


She needs better organization.


(laughs) I love Minxie.


Is there a way to flank around behind wherever that shape was?


Adventuring for Dummies.


Wake me up when you're done with your shift.


For my first action I kill Sam.


Oh, that's good.


Tibbsy. Let's go ring Allura's bell.


Hey, maybe you and me should go to a game sometime.


That hits; it's my armor class.


I would assume they're being stored upstairs.


[NO AUDIO]


Make it do the thing.


Have we ever seen anything like this before?


I'm shaking, guys.


That is a big piece of paper.


Well, I don't know. I don't know. And look at this. And I start to unbuckle the front of my chest-- Relax, look at this.


You know. Like I told Vax, you just have to chill out sometimes, and I'm like, well, maybe I should run it by the man with the mouth.


(excited shout)


Oh, I do. Just not for your daughter.


What are you doing, man?


Yeah, but you're you. You don't have to apologize, we just assume.


Then I'm going to have Trinket attack him.


Heals blindness and deafness.


Disadvantage because of the cloak.


Same question.


Well, I'm talking about a dragon. Couldn't we try to talk a dragon into helping us do what we're doing? They're not all evil, are they? They're not!


Unless we web.


Who? Just point him out! Point him out. He doesn't need his ears anymore.


Is there something at the base of the tree, is there anything?


Was he in Alfield? She. They! Were they in Alfield?


Like it's people?


Would you show me how you make money with it?


Colder than it did last night? Because it also got pretty cold last night.


Percy, take your hand off of him.


I suppose I could part with them.


38, and I will Smite him as well. 52.


Welcome to my fucking three years.


No, we can use it as a weapon.


Do you need to get out of waterfuck?


She was in the prison with Abjurist Noja and Blackfoot, who's now dead. What's her name again?


Just a ten. Besides you.


Can I roll an insight check on the whole allies thing?


I'm going to go outside and stand at the front door.


Hi, Caleb.


That's very good. That's going to be 28 points.


Get me some drugs!


There once was a bard from Nantucket. (group laughs)


No, I'm fine with that. My last thing is, I'm going to quickly run and have a quick conversation privately with-- I assume we have some sort of royal jeweler of some kind, or somebody who does some of the ornamental work.


Okay. I follow your lead, captain.


Shit! (group laughs) Uh, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. (group laughs) 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 (mutters softly) 28!


What the hell happened? What was down there?


I'm legitimately happy to go in any direction far away from the front line, personally.


Wait. What are those red things right there?


I know! I think a big weight, once it's been acid-ed.


Interesting idea. It's an interesting idea.


That was rude.


I'm up? I run as fast as my little legs will take me. 25.


It's a one! (laughter)


Fjord, what if you try jumping in this water?


Just throw it offstage. Just throw it.


We'll table it.


I am so excited.


If I'm too late-- Can I Hex him?


What's the decoration like in the room?


He's making fun of your name!


I want to hear more about this.


Oh, good, then still don't, how about that?


Wait, I didn't get your weapon.


Attention's a bitch, isn't it?


I'm going to book through this weird little log.


What?! No! You know what, Vex, I'm still, I'm still practicing.


Isn't there--


Oh. No, there's no comma.


And we have that, right?


Because we just went straight for it.


Don't do that to her!


Tons of shit. Signed posters, D&D stuff. It's just a box of awesome shit.


These old dragon feet--


You're a hero. Thank you.


I've been on the broom, yeah, I don't wanna stand on anything.


Sam, I saw a question wondering when you're going to make a Weird Al Yankovic-esque compilation of songs.


You get nail wraps.


Clearly you are the type of person who looks for answers in other people. You are clearly unaware of accepting any fault or any result of your actions. Why don't you start fresh? Do you really want Thordak to have another sway over you? Another gift, another favor, that he's given you? That he is going to hold over you for all of eternity? Do you really want that? You're stronger than that.


Like, you know, give her one of your things, Grog.


I've heard of him.


Wait wait wait. Before you dispel the magic--


He wants something big in the front.


I feel like when I was crossing the river, I wanted to kill myself. And I'm afraid that anybody else crossing the river--


We got "reward for rebel gatherings." Which we are not going to do. We've got "tracking down heretical god worship." I don't think we're feeling that one, right?


I'll go ahead and do a Flurry of Blows for my bonus.


I have your names written down!


No-- wait 'til I find the light, find the light, find the light--


He said we can still use it if it's not damaged.


We missed an opportunity to put Backblaze on that back brace. (groaning)


Turn your sadness into victory.


Are you looking for investors, Gilmore?


Oh my god! It's another Rod of Holding.


We just gotta see where they're going! We'll come back and get you.


So you are impervious to being set on fire or burned?


All right, I'll try!


(husky voice) Goodnight.


Yeah. 17 on the second attack.


Fuck, balls, shit, six.


We are going to ask for Ophelia Mardun.


Are the guards following?


This is true, it's the OG. I don't know what that even--


Is that all right, do you think?


I mean, I don't want to take too much time. I'm good.


This has been a bad couple of days.


Yeah, good deal.


I will give you your answer if you give me a card.


All right, new plan. We split the party!


How high up is Vecna above the deck, would you say?


If you're going straight up.


23, the sneak-attack damage is--


She doesn't have a glug glug.


I can part seas with this.


Have you talked to Sarenrae about it?


I liked that.


Is Tiamat still alive? Is he still around?


I'm at 106.


I have a very active imagination when I eat.


Okay. I'm going to cast, I'm going to cast--


That's okay, Matt.


It's like on the other side?


Won't happen. Doty has my back. Right, Doty?


This is why we go to brothels instead of sneaking around at night!


60. Same speed as my sister.


Enthrall.


54 damage?


CheeseBug!


No, not yet, no.


Zanror, she is quite a beauty. Congratulations.


And you've got to assume that he's got some feat that can get him a ten whenever he wants, right?


Yeah, okay. We're sticking around for a day?


And 17, thirty. What's 24 plus 10?


Come back when you're ready.


Then the minute the door's open, I'm going to make a break for it.


No, wait, wait.


Well I just-- I don't know if I should be talking about this in front of him.


Shall we try to make our way to the manor, then?


If the box was solid enough, that's true.


I use another reckless attack and I make the first strike against the guy right in front of me.


I'm going to check for traps.


(laughs) So casual, her god. "It's cool. Go for it."


(quietly) I think maybe...


You're very dexterous and I think you'll be a very good dancer.


You can't go by yourself.


We can attack them now, away from Vecna.


17, but really, how hard is it to hit a web?


Did the key break off when you locked it?


Wow, so cool.


I'm going to kill him. That's a rule, right? I'm not supposed to kill him?


I trust you 100 percent, Grog.


I could probably read an average novel in over an hour, so has this journal been read?


It’s a hellhole, apparently near where you used to live.


I'm pulling out my lockpicks and I'm going to start working on--


We will. I guess my only question is  do we wait for him to come to us, or do we try to take the fight to him?


I'm stood next to Nott, with Kiri.


Burn the first. You have to burn a card before you even begin, because there is a mystery card that isn't in play normally. So keep that in mind when you're playing.


Yeah, can I essentially just entangle him into the ground?


Bigby's Hand is gently tickling my taint. (laughter)


He's a slacker.


There's quite a bustle today, this is impressive.


It was made out of stars and space stuff.


Why are you fucking talking to me like I'm a child?


I've got her.


I help Kash as much as I can.


Yes, it would, but--


Look, you guys, we are trying to make it work.


No, we are, we're super fast.


Who knows? We'll find out when my arm gets wrenched off.


That sucks, man.


You want to get a beat on the vibe of what people are saying out there?


If I swing it harder, does it?


So you just hold it like a giant mantle?


I hold my hammer over his other knee and I go, "Look, we can work on you one limb at a time, or you can be very truthful and my friend can end it all very, very quickly."


Formation. Smoke.


And what was her race?


We played with Scanlan, of course we do.


Would you like to pray, Pike?


We need-- transmutation--


Melf.


I start flipping--


Did they take damage from falling?


There's stuff.


How about we use that barrel pile as your meeting point? We'll make sure that Frumpkin's watching the barrel pile, and you get back there when you're done scouting.


My spell DC, 17.


Yeah, it makes water.


Yeah. Sorry to break it you, but your pals just got taken into slavery.


Oh, I knew she'd love it!


Boots, his voice says from beyond the grave.


We activated the beacons.


With advantage? This will be fine. 17-- that's even better. 21.


The snitch returns.


We are picking his scabs.


I'd like to check if there's any kind of device or anything on this side--


Douchebag ability.


I'm going to go eagle, and I start scouting the halls looking for him.


I keep forgetting. I keep forgetting to do it. And then it comes around, and then...


Blitzen, Donner? What was the name of the other one? Oh, it was General Krieg!


I think she's got this, so-- I don't want anything to happen to Caleb. Can I get to any of the ones over by him?


Well, we could start it. It's also something other people can do while we do other things.


Ah! Did I kill it?


Wait, we're doing a short rest? Wait, who needs it?


This thing that you want to do, this mission-- I'm sorry, I overheard last night-- is there a place that it needs to happen, or is it something that you will do wherever you go on the road?


No, she's in a whole other town.


Eight plus five is 13. How many do I roll? Seven. Oh shit.


Spinning swords at bloody high speed and take two shots.


Yeah do you have hooves?


I do too. All the time.


Okay, we'll move forward a bit, and then I can camouflage all of you.


A monk.


Potentially. I mean, it could've happened.


Where is the glow for the seal is coming from?


You have several already. You defeated a leviathan.


No? Wait, what?


Yasha, how are you feeling?


It was supposed to be SNL, but geeky, nerdy stuff where we were going to write and perform our own sketches.


Unless we all go in from the top.


For my actual action I'm going to put-- I'm going to use one of my Channel Divinities.


Bring the sphere back down so that we can throw their bodies into the sphere so that they don't turn into undead fuckwads.


It's not?


Oh wow, you guys made a--


Obviously not part of the okayed deities of the Empire.


But only you 7,500. The rest can fuck off.


There's a really loud ticking clock in the room with you.


I'm going to blind his big eye.


Oh, I got a Vax sigh. I like it.


Under the water or on the surface?


Fuck yourself! Wow!


Okay, I'm going to use Spiritual Weapon that I have up and try to hit that thing.


Well, that didn't work. Much better. 18.


Is it gone?


Let's not dwell.


Oh, did the Amazon pilots launch today?


Oh! Poor guys.


Do we know how they communicate?


No, no.


He's an old man. He doesn't lie.


Move around, yeah, but as long as I have an eye on the main thoroughfare.


Kill him! Kill him, Keyleth.


It's a new skill I've picked up since we hung out last.


So we're going to be careful.


I'd say let's get a bit off the road, if possible.


Last time we were there, things attacked us, so we're going to double-check.


Straight into it and I'm going to come swinging out at it.


Good job, Ketchup.


Giant grizzly bear.


Yeah, I'm using the light from her thumb or whatever.


Bone it.


You look so healthy, Gilmore!


It's daytime now, right? Outside?


It's an outlet, outside of town.


Do you know if they were hiding anywhere? If anyone else went anywhere specifically to hide?


Wow. This is bad.


Oh man! Should she do a cantrip? She should do a Resistance or something?


Wait! What about Trinket? Can he try to save against it?


It did, yeah, last night it did and then we stuck it up today. And then a comedy special on Comedy Central, Funcomfortable, April 30th.


Yeah, give them a little  If you wouldn't mind?


Do you know what time it is? I'm feeling a bit nappy.


Yeah, but I mean at least if we're heading towards the docks where the entrances are, I'm sure more people in that area will know--


Wait, is this it?


Not enough, DM says.


What if after we do this, we go down there and see?


Offering all the gold to the herd instead of the people of Westruun.


Pull it open. (grunt) And just  smoke!


Well, Caleb did technically.


No effect!


Between apples and peaches.


Lord Briarwood, I am not familiar with Whitestone. How did you become caretaker of such a place?


No, if the dragon kills the creature and then we all die and we can't harvest it, the Slayer's Take doesn't have anything from its previous contract.


Jesus Christ. Baroness of what?


I'm scared of all of my dice right now.


Oh! That's me, I'm an eight.


Tense fight, guys. Wouldn't wanna be in it with anyone else.


Oh, goddamn it. 13.


You're the only one still on the carpet, then.


Hard to do at all.


Well, who talks back?


And it's about 2 30 to 3 00?


I'm good! I'm a good one! I'm good!


I keep sharpening it, and it's just shit--


Oh, coming from the carnival.


Signed, by the way, signed by us, not by the artist.


Write in the book?


I'm looking at the compass.


We aim to finish the dragon, maybe even tomorrow, and make Westruun free once again. Would you have any interest in aiding us in this fight, or are you past the point of putting up a brave battle?


Just change the license plate. No?


Don't tell them about the bag.


That's my two attacks. Patient Defense.


10d6.


(whispering) Maybe it was Yasha. Maybe it was like, "Ooh, I'm a captain."


-- with the little, yeah.


Does not hit my owl.


There's a video of it.


Is that an attack action?


Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.


All right, just hold on-- stay over there. Do I see anything of value or anything else in the room, besides the traps?


He was a strange one, right?


Still?


It's the second button.


Does it look like the floor opens?


All right, here's 50. Go get us a decent set of silverware.


I'm so torn, you guys. Do I heal you guys, or do I do damage and go earth elemental? It's a big decision. Scanlan?


Could I try to further my beard?


And a nine, so that's 43.


Right! (laughter)


Don't! No! No! No!


Physical? Do we have someone who could back up our testimony?


It's very strange how you're very dense.


Well, I don't know. Does it fall from gravity, or does it just it stay there, locked in?


So, if you die in the process--


Next to me.


Also, Lady Kima, our purpose here was to find you, but your purpose is somewhat greater than our own. What do you suggest we do in this moment?


Okay, before it hits me, I'll say I sit down on the bench and just go (whimper).


Well, it feels polite and not everybody is as understanding as your friends, you know?


Dear god, let's get out of here before something else happens.


Fair enough. Do you want to ask any of them?


Ten, is 21. Plus 21 plus 24. 21 plus 24 is-


Kiri, be careful.


Okay! I'm going to do that! I'm going to attack him, the guy.


I speak Elvish, Draconic, Undercommon?


No, not an imp. It's an insect.


I'm riding on her, so I probably won't be rolling for stealth.


Get it, Grog.


That is what I'm thinking, we could get them to fight.


The resistance.


We're risking our hides for something that might benefit one of us, maybe.


I turn to see where all of them are in relation to the party. Are there any sons of bitches over here that I can't see?


That is Kama Sutra.


Is eight my save on wisdom?


It's all right. Girl talk. So, Keyleth.


It's a big prison. I think you're going to be very far away from us very quickly.


How far down is it?


That's what everybody says.


I did?


Yeah. Can you miracle more?


All that thinking.


Is she full of shit? What do I roll?


(giggles) I thought about it. It would have been pretty funny for you to wake up, but I like you more than that. Are we sleeping on our boat? Where should I go?


Jeez, get off my back, Mom!


All right, let's go. Are you good with that, Nila? You seem apprehensive.


Oh no, there's two more?


If you can tap me every so often to remind me of that, that would be great.


I think we'll be fine, because I have privilege perk.


It was a really fun group in the audience last time.


I like to think that Earthbreaker Groon has, like, mood music for his fights.


I'll take the back.


(eagle noises)


You pulled a rabbit out of a hat.


I mean-- (transforming sound) (deeper voice) We've got about 50 minutes, if we still want to go.


Oh, you're in our home.


That's from Vasselheim.


We're going this way.


They kept singing about a Technicolor Dreamcoat. (laughter)


We'll un-stone her once we're back at the Keep.


You said two more points?


They can still watch, they just can't ask questions.


Have you ever heard him say nergaliid?


No problems.


But he told me that it was--


Jesus Christ, I don't think either of them hit. 13 and lower.


(gunshots)


Would you say--


Yeah, he needs a lot. He's gonna have a big loincloth. A really big loincloth.


I like making friends.


Dissention in the ranks.


(singing) It's in a book, Reading Rainbow!


I said (robot noises). You said that that tower had, was full of some sort of flame, right?


His face is usually not the trouble.


No, we can't all fit.


Oh, I got a nosebleed. We could just do-- I mean, Keyleth could do her trick of turning us into ladybugs or flies or whatever and we could all hang out and follow along. I mean, mind-reading first.


Possibly?


Sorry, sorry, sorry. 25 plus seven is 32. Sorry, 32.


It's going to be so bad.


I did cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us again a while ago. I said it. I even marked it off after the fight.


Whoa, miss.


Pitbull Chasers.


That shit takes years off my life, y'all.


I don't know! Maybe ours? At the Garrison there was 1000 dead, so that's our side? Wait, no, we're not on sides! We don't like the Empire!


What is he wearing?


I tie up all the horses to a very large tree.


You could do it tomorrow, could you take care of my sister first, Pike?


Champ, right?


I'm not going into the necklace.


I give her a hug. It's good to see you. It's been a very long time.


I haven’t either.


I'm an erinyes.


You said 42?


Everything's downhill from here. It'll be super easy.


I don't still get to take my attack of opportunity, even though that happened?


Every time.


Tempest Fang-- where do you hail from?


Beyond it.


I said constitution to you.


Ooh! I like!


I'm awake again. I was, but now I am awake.


I'm shooting him two more times while he's on the ground.


Beer, ale, mead, or wine will cause you to regain 2d4 + 2 hit points.


Those men were flying!


(baby wails)


Okay! Damn it, I rolled a one, this sucks. 12 damage for the first one, seven damage for the second one.


How did that feel?


So anyway. Back to the plan-- (laughter)


I don't know what a hydra is. I'm not a dork.


There's a snowstorm out there. We're just going to be one with the clouds.


Thank you. (sighs)


And I just rip--


We have to take two devils and put them in a place of holy worship somewhere in the world.


Oh, that's not a mustache. That's so-- ugh.


(quietly)...of secrets?


Protto.


Well, that's not up for you to decide, my friend. I get on my earring. Hey, String Bean, your drink is here.


But also, "The Mist" is printed on the side of the boat. We have not changed that, have we?


Six--


I've got fog.


I think we should all be on top together. I don't think we should try and separate.


Are you alright, big guy?


That was a barrage.


Oh, you weren't serious, were you? I thought you were being funny. (laughter)


Congratulations, Laura.


Oh! So she probably did that.


It didn't say. The house has to be taken down to the ground. The portal must be destroyed.


We must be branded in the dark, Tiberius.


The Briarwoods, Lord and Lady Briarwood, are responsible for the death of my entire family. Whitestone was my home. Many years ago-- I don't want to get into the details. I came from a big family. I came from a proud family. One night, they were invited into our home, and over the course of that night, they slaughtered everybody. They are evil. They are corrupting. The few survivors of Castle Whitestone who did survive only survived through deceit and by working for the Briarwoods, turning on their masters. Thankfully, the de Rolo family still has standing elsewhere, and there's other branches of the family other than my father's. (sighs) I was lost for quite a while after that happened. I had nothing else in my life other than my family. I was never really going to inherit anything. I was not going to run anything. I was idle. And at some point, I made the decision that, if nothing else, I survived to, maybe, extract some vengeance. Maybe set something right. Maybe stop whatever it was that they were doing. I don't know. There was one of their party, Dr. Ripley. She was in charge of something during the murder. I don't know what. I chased her. I chased her down. It took a year, and I had my gun, and I discovered where she was and where she was working on some ruins, and I approached her. I never even saw her face. Her guards captured me, beat me up. Didn't even bother taking my things. They just threw me in that dungeon. I never even got close enough to see her face.


Yeah this is low level, there wouldn't really be much bringing you back. That'd be the end of it.


It's not a gimme.


Is this thing hollow at all?


No. No, but I would love to hear all about it. I'll put it on a scroll. Anyway, so I came here because my boyfriend, Aldor, is here. He is going to be my boyfriend. It's a long story.


That is an interesting point.


A little bit like Linda Blair.


Good. Then we can work with this. They were building something down here. The Briarwoods are no longer a problem. They were building something-- what do you know about it? It maybe started, it seems to be affecting magic. I think.


Bold decisions.


We are in a precarious position. The city is in ruins, already, in a matter of hours.


Yes, I've got maps.


8d4? Can I roll 4d8s?


Yeah, so.


It's not terrible. My wisdom-- 19.


A straight athletics? Yeah. (whimpers) 11.


And is our reputation intimidating? Threatening?


Doty, take this down.


Bless you!


Five plus eight is 13. Plus sneak attack, because he's got Trinket next to him. 13, 18, 23, sorry! 23 and then lightning damage. 24. 25, 26. And then Blazing Bowstring. God dang! 27.


That's what I was thinking, making like an air tunnel.


How thick are the trees here?


Yeah. And I'm going to tell Trinket, back the fuck out of the fire, Trinket!


Trial Forge?


I think we should leave them for the moment to keep appearances up.


And that doesn't hit him, so. Good times.


That's two?


Goddamn it. Where’s my goddamn - ah, shit.


Well, can I just use the compass?


(groans) I am ropy as fuck.


Yeah, without attuning. I just hit the doorway.


Going to give her a shot of something. Got to go back for more, soon.


That was it. No, I'm staying where the hell I am.


Yeah, it's in the letter!


I’m not in this one, fucker. You guys are the best, that's the last we heard. (laughter)


Man, maybe we shouldn't have gone back to Senokir.


I think they're going great.


It would only be hers.


And 27 on the second hit.


Proficiency, dex, and roll.


It doesn't say the name.


Is he within 60 feet of me? Vecna.


I just punch him in the shoulder really hard.


No, I held that.


Is this a hovering stealth check?


Grog, are you skinning a boar over there? What are you doing?


Oh, Jesus, Kiri. All right, let's go.


Yeah, you were like, "so, we can do anything?" (all laugh)


Oh. 19, then. So not sleight of hand, this is a dexterity check.


Grimjay?


And I'm going to look for bad things on the beach.


And then we have to pop a new opal in.


Right. What do I roll? Hang on. 1d8. So I'm rolling 4d8. I need d8s, goddamn it! Give me d8s.


I will put all of that stuff into a package and mail it away with a note that I sent you earlier, Matt.


That is a 17, I believe.


He's running.


Wait one second!


Oh well, I'll get the cloak then.


(whispering) Grog, I'm so glad we're together at last.


That is 23.


We send word of a dead dragon.


I assume fox will not survive very long.


I think so, yeah.


The curse doesn't care about which die is rolled.


Almostheaven, "This is becoming a weekly thing, much love, the #CriticalRole crew." Becoming a weekly thing for us too.


Do we have $50 in the budget to go on eBay and get a Castle of Greyskull set? Put it on the set somewhere? Let's do that.


Percival de something something something de Rolo the III, you badass motherfucker!


(singing) I wanna be in the room where it happens, the room where it happens, the room where it happens.


It's a yellow noose, so it looks spiritual.


I know you're good on your word.


I know. When there are too many dice to roll, the phone comes out.


Do I have advantage on that because of Faerie Fire?


Here? In Hupperdook?


We have an opportunity here, but we're going to have to be careful.


Piece of shit, I don't know what that stance is-- I chop at him some more with Craven Edge! I don't know, can I do one Great Weapon Master and the other two just regular?


Anyone ever? Stronger than anyone that's ever wielded you?


I'm looking at the ground.


Not tonight, though.


Do you like the dragon or do you not like the dragon?


I'm a really quick thinker and I'm also a pretty fast writer.


Yeah, tuck it down by your nuts, eh?


Hex the "robit."


I hate you. The difference between those rolls are really impressive.


Oh, no, no, no, no, no, it'll be Poison Ivy.


I'm going to blame Shaun.


Can I go to a frenzied rage and unload on Yenk?


Does that mean all of our heal-- our points are healed, or are we just--


How many do we get, five?


Okay, so-- Cool, one.


Here's the deal. This guy's super fucking charming. He's going to talk to you first. You don't want to talk to me.


What's the plan now?


Only rats that they ate.


Thank you guys for having me!


Should I dig into the bag of holding?


He's whispering about the Whispered One!


What do you think Greater Restoration will do?


We're saving the world, Marisha, we're saving the world.


Yeah. Rissa, how far are we from this Assembly Yard?


I'm sorry, you think that the title of Meat Man is so important that you had to kill or attack a gnome who also went by Meat Man?


Okay. 14.


Scanlan, you know how to harness the power of electricity.


I think doing a once-over might not be a bad idea.


Just you?


I got a new die, baby. Does it look familiar, motherfucker?


No, I know what you mean.


Don't go through the wall. Can I heal, Pike?


(gasps) We were going through this thing. There were traps everywhere-- electrical traps, everywhere. And all of us were being really cautious, and Grog hits Trinket on the butt with the blunt of his axe and sends Trinket running through the thing.


All right, just get me out of the hole.


It was, yes. The driest of swamps, yeah.


One, I'm certain she is lonely, and two, she's probably the hag.


Right, is this the one that's also like a whorehouse? Is that that one?


I'm just showing the snake, the two snake eyes. I'm showing the peacock eye. And then I'm going to show the eye in the floral arrangement.


I think it'll be fine.


They won't even know--


Let's have it face the wall. I don't want it looking at us.


I'm doing nature. 29, nature.


Does 23 do anything?


No? Can I shift to see him at all?


That is way better.


Way shittier!


Oh, you can't talk. Shit. Land us in an alley somewhere, and we'll change our appearance, I suppose.


She's had a bad night.


I want to kill something tonight.


Leave me alone, I'm reading.


Okay. Any sort of--?


Yeah, but I could blast it. Would be very dramatic.


I fly straight up into this motherfucker.


Oh, happily.


Yeah, you're welcome. And then I put a bag over his head and I say sorry, sorry.


Wait, where did Grog go?


I cast Dancing Lights and the four globules start floating around in the air.


It's fun.


I get plus five?


We really should've kept one of them alive.


Wake her up! Tell her her dad's dead!


We open the box.


Only taller.


They're coming for us!


I take out the immovable rod out of the bag of holding, and I put the heel of my hand against the trammel as it starts to push, just to help it.


Let's dive into the story.


Are you still going to be in Puerto Rico that long? No?


We forgot our key!


They all do.


What'd she say?


He did not give me an amount, so what's a normal amount of incense that you would need for a month of incense burning?


You know what we should do?


Do we have anything that can sense people's alignment?


They would all be dead right now. We would have taken them all out in one clean kill.


This guy is good.


That sucked. That was the worst one of all of them.


How did you have that? (laughter)


This room won't fit my storm cloud.


No, I'm fine that was good acting. You were perfect. I panicked, I didn't know what to do. I was trying to create some sort of distraction.


I'll try to heal you.


I'm going to press a torso push with this, by the way.


They're so hard to get a hold of. We should probably focus on the other one.


Oh shit, yeah. Fuck. I'm gonna drop the mace on her foot.


Oh shit, imagine if we had done that before we went after the dragons.


And a reload.


People tend to know things in taverns.


Scribbles!


At the rowboat?


Wait, do I add my dex on those?


It's a 22 is what I rolled.


Did you put your finger in the hole?


That’s a complicated thing for me, one that I’m not really quite ready to talk about yet.


Charcoal and incense, yeah. For this plan to work.


Do you have an illusion that you can do that? It's a good idea. Maybe we should've done that to begin with.


No, I'm staying on the ship.


Can it be arranged in writing?


I know. Well, you made a robot cast a spell on me. An automaton, I suppose.


No, because I've been avoiding her as well. I'm avoiding everybody except for Percival, who I've been asking advice from.


Would you say that he reaches back for his face like that in pain?


We have 60 pounds of--


Yeah, I fucking bite into the meat of my hand because I see what she's trying to do.


Yeah, you'll be a little busy with the child and all.


That was a 15. Oh, the dice roll? 12.


Investigation, I got a 23. 22.


Right! Why is it always you?


Oh, the cutest unicorn hamsters.


That's how they got over here!


Yeah, and I'm hiding. 20.


My little sister? What the what?


We activated the Chaos Orbs. Crisis Orbs. I always mess them up.


We were also talking about visiting Keyleth's family. Can you get away long enough to--


Yeah, go get fucking Caleb!


Those are real hiccups, aren't they?


I'm so confused.


Isn't it?


Oh, I wouldn't have had to do it. All right, well, I'm in the building.


As he's walking.


I hope so, too. That's all. Have a good night.


J'mon, can you become invisible, by any chance?


All right, come on, man. For fuck's sake. That's a six.


Man. You're always a surprise. And after so many years.


Like, legs going out to the side there?


Oh, I know. That was on purpose.


We'll find you again, Nila.


I don't know if he's going to be able to control time, though.


Also, since we spent so much time in those carriages, I would have spent a full day with my lucky rock that I found, and those ideas I had have come to fruition. I have set it just so.


Oh God. The universe is collapsing.


Come on Yash.


Valley aurochs? Got it, thank you. All right, we should get ready for the road. Walking into the store.


Do I see the beast?


I kind of want to throw them at people across the room!


I feel like we won a slot machine.


At night, maybe after they've camped.


That's me. I'm having trouble. What are you thinking?


I've got everything you want, big boy.


As far away from the water as possible.


I have been listening to my friend, Jester, speak of them a lot. All the time.


But do we have things we need to accomplish today?


Taryon Darrington. We passed briefly in Whitestone.


So! How's the research on the Shadowfell going?


Super hard.


You're just moving things?


We'll put it in post.


I know. This is the first thing I've done. I stand up.


We head outside. Well, that was revealing.


I sort of stuck my hand in the spinning ball of death and let's just say I'm glad I'm still here standing with you all.


And I had asked for an oolong tea. (laughter)


12 plus nine is 21.


Bam! Shebang.


Yes. How much do you want?


Well hold on, I had to take the Gauntlets of Ogre Power off, do you want them back? Now, I think you have to give 'em up for the boots, but it's your pick, it's a kite-- or you can be a monstah!


You're allowed to do any of those things.


I have a hooded lantern. I could set this whole fucking thing ablaze.


The door's covered!


You should probably experience this, it's interesting.


As opposed to down here in the hole?


Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun!


Well, if I’m in the air, can I see down at...


He's had it. We've been playing, and I twirled--


Yeah, anyone want to go stealth or anything?


I've read about them.


Jay Garrick. I wear a tin pail for a helmet.


I bet that's exactly where it is.


It's more important than my eyes.


Spend the entire game being the worst person in the world.


She's blue.


A plank of wood will work too.


I take it. Can I put it in the pool of blood?


Yeah, I never shook it, still in a rage, but never shook it.


Cast spell.


Thank you. That was the same roll both times. That was really shit. Eight.


I smack her on the back of the head.


Don't worry about your shelter for tonight. Let Scanlan Shorthalt take care of you, in every way, shape, and form imaginable. Come with me through this weird magic door into another plane. Believe me, it's going to be okay.


Oh, I bet Kima would want the shit out of that.


Is that where Lord Sutan is?


(mouths) Just go with it.


Take its weapons.


Thank you! I had some amazing help and support from you guys.


Okay, no, no, I wasn't Vex then!


(scream)


Yeah, I'm going to throw a Healing Word at Beau, and I'm going to start getting out of here. I want to cast Healing Word. It's not a lot. No, it's 60 feet.


Oh my god, Ashley.


No! I hold onto it. Well, I know people that, you know, care about dirty old books, so I guess, I mean, I might be willing to purchase it for them, but they usually like things in mint condition when they buy their antiques. This has a damaged spine, I see it, and yellowing of the pages. And it seems like somebody's bookmarked this one.


Yeah, they never came by Wilhand's.


Oh, okay, yeah, get the wyvern.


I would be amenable at this point.


Wow. Wizards.


Yeah, I'm already peeling off my shirt.


I rolled poorly for my insight--


She came through earlier. She's with me.


Oh, it just goes. Okay.


I forget. Refresh my memory about what the fee is for entering this contest.


Is there a pawn shop anywhere in this city?


Uh-huh. You dump that bag out or just go searching for a necklace, stick your hand it, it comes right out.


Is it just a general d4 bonus?


Would I what?


GURPS, 13. I was, yeah, 13 years old, GURPS.


And I just turn around and give it the eyebrow of you're-fucking-dead.


We'll take care of her for now.


And I like tongue. I was eating some tongue when you saw me.


So I used it so I could have the fire.


Could someone keep their eyes on the road as we're moving forward?


Or we could cast a spell. That also works well.


Do you boost signals in it?


Awesome. I'm gonna have Trinket, for my bonus action, swim up on top of the kraken's back.


All my whispers are just saying that in different pitches.


That's really hard to do, very small and hard to catch.


I made the kill. It was 100% mine.


Give me a thing.


And he was the most useful he's ever been.


That's not-- not that part.


I would like to use Eldritch Blast.


I bet it's his partner in Port Damali.


What kind of water?


So, how far would you think that we are from his lair?


Are you still intoxicated?


If you want to put my face on every character, that's cool.


Frame somebody?


Why didn't you just come and get us when you were ready for us?


Oh god, is he still going to attack you?


Plus my strength, my non-existent strength modifier. That's a 12 to hit.


Stone.


If you think of anything, or if you hear anyone speak about him, you can find us at the Nestled Nook Inn. We'd appreciate anything, if it happens to reach your ears.


That's not a problem. Is there somewhere where you would like to go after you die? Or are you going to wake up right after you die?


I open my journal and start drawing him as a balloon.


Regular rage. 23 on the first one.


Possibly, yes.


What are these scores you keep talking about? I don't know what anybody's talking about.


Don't say our name. Don't whisper.


Sing it, sister.


Hello, darling. You've got a little blood all over you. It's all right.


And Nott!


That tiger's on fire!


Can I make it appear?


Why would you touch a flame?


No, I mean, I think about one time with Scanlan--


All right, I'm gonna use disengage and pivot around Grog, right, run all around the circle and get behind Scanlan.


Just looking forward to wearing a giant Platinum Dragon. That's all I wanted.


Should we all stealth? Try at least?


How far in did you go?


Yes, I feel like this would be a group outing.


But he's our liar, Grog.


Laura is texting with a full case of FOMO right now. Ooh.


I lean forward and I take my erinyes nail and I go around his face, and I say, consider this a good-faith investment.


We have to go around some mountains right?


We're all going together.


Yeah, the squirrel goes (running noise, explosion).


You've got a cloak on.


And it's gonna attack him.


(laughing) Money well spent!


Because I have advantage against charm.


I charge ahead.


I'm not available right now.


What, is Doty the center that breaks the tie?


"Four score and-- never mind."


I'm nine.


If the trapdoor is open?


It's like telling a fortune, but with smelling things. All right.


No, that-- close your eyes-- or, how does this... what?


Someone from production made us sign it.


Is sleep now?


Good. Good.


I didn't know! I thought we were going to start small and then build!


Meat hook?


That's an improvement.


How much for the pretty?


I walk away.


I walk up to Grog.


I'm going to dash and I'm going to get further away.


Senokir, where are you from originally?


So Percival, would you imagine that the science of the Feywild, I don't know what that phrase means, would it be the same as our own world? Maybe it follows different rules.


What? 32?


Does the shark?


Rich people get drunk. Oh, do you want something fancy?


That's what you wrote down, too.


As he falls, I throw a piece of feather and I cast Feather Fall on him.


What are we doing? Are we taking our cart?


Zombies are grabbing for his arms.


Okay, cool. Should we bring Caleb some food?


And it worked. It was awesome.


Oh. Yeah. Well, that's one way of looking at it.


You're still attached to the thing?


Okay. Oh, fabulous. All right.


So now Sylas has to move ten feet back.


They got under the mountains and attacked Felderwin.


Yeah, let's go. Hurry! We don't know how long it will stay open for.


We should probably divvy it up, don't you think?


I rolled an 18 and a one.


The armor that I found and gave to Grog. It's magical.


Yeah, there's only one left, right? No? Maybe?


What do I do though, then? Fuck! I am going to--


Oh, no. Shit, that's another 23. Two 19s in a row.


What's the guesstimate on this fella's height?


Well. That's a lot.


Is fine, he's hiding out. They don't know he's here.


It's not a group of people. It's just, "you're an investigator today" kind of thing?


Maybe they do a dry city after a certain time.


So I want to make her a really pretty jewelry box out of lead.


I like you. You're nice.


Now you what? You want to follow the orders of the Cobalt Soul? You want to do whatever they ask you to do? Or something you want to do? Why are you running around with criminals? And me?


Show our appreciation to these fuckers.


--Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel--


Right? Oh, wait, is that bad?


That's what I got.


Guys, tweet at Tom Hanks to come play with us.


No, I'm all right with that.


(gasp) Pike!


And as he's doing this, I cast Thaumaturgy and cause the table to start vibrating.


I have a fang too, right?


It's not here.


I command it to go for its eyeballs.


No. There's nowhere. I'm as far away from everybody as I can currently be. There's nowhere else.


Well, I suppose we should mosey out and get the lay of the land, as it were.


All right. Big kiss on the forehead and then walking away.


Stab the floor with your dagger.


Although, you've got your shoes on, yeah?


Keyleth, you need to study, so we'll take first watch.


"Only".


Okay, can I cross over to that window and look out the front window? The window over here?


The Divergence, yeah.


Keyleth tries. Keyleth tries so hard.


There you are.


I practice alchemic magic, mostly, so I'll be okay. I think.


He had big gnarly teeth and slaves.


Really, that's what she's going to do?


So everything's good, then. He's good? Everything's fine?


I just imagined some crazy shit. (laughter)


Just try to growl at him and scare him because he can't attack him.


I'm appealing beyond the Voice of the Tempest, to the heart of the storm. I'm asking the heart of the storm, pleading to the heart of the storm far beyond the Voice of the Tempest. There's nothing to be heard here.


Okay, I'm going to pop out. Can I pop out? Am I able to do that?


(gasps) Hey, NOLA!


Okay. Yeah, deal.


That’s 19 points of damage?


I might be distracted looking for things that I can pluck out of the fields. All right.


No, go with it. Go with it.


And we tied the boat, yeah?


I'll give you the signal, you guys go, I'll be nearby, I'll distract any guards if need be with my feminine wiles, and then you let me know if there's any emergency--


Oh. Yeah, of course. Head back that way.


(singing) It takes two, baby!


Uncle Randy! (laughter)


He can't do a separate attack, can he? No.


You're really the heart of the group. We don't pretend that losing you wouldn't have broken us into tiny little pieces.


I know isn't it so weird?


Ooh, that's a cool plan. I like that plan!


No, I'm kidding! Jesus, it falls off into eternity. It's instant death.


A big thing of tongs? What would I have to roll to find out if it was covered in some basic sulfuric acid? If it was one of the things I was using for casting.


That's it! You're in the clear.


All right. Keyleth! Cast your thing and let's get the fuck out of here.


I would like to use my falchion to open it the fuck up.


It's like an arcane prison around all of the Elder Brain.


So, these Vestiges are ancient, right? Spread across the land. Wasn't Tiberius looking for a bunch of objects of magic that his people had sent him to find? Perhaps that's the reason Draconia was hit. Maybe they were trying to hide these items.


Are you going to be in your shop a lot?


Oh, that's right. Thanks, Caleb. Extra one point.


Well done. Good call, Travis.


Festivus.


(Australian accent) G'day mate!


I feel like this could be very useful. I'm going to work on this.


34 damage. So he did not dodge, though, right?


Trinket stays in the corner, then, because he can't do shit.


Trinket's a boy!


The first guy's name was Louis?


Just be as cool and calm as possible.


Walls, or the false ground?


Vampire Hunters. Sorry.


I'm still a little disturbed that there's a dead person under this inn that we're in right now.


The last piece of residuum I have.


It seemed like the Gentleman-- who's very impressive, by the way-- knows a lot about stuff, including the fact that we were involved in a plot to frame the Sutan fellow.


You fucking ass. Goddamn it!


Or they haven't been eaten yet.


This is Dragonball, right?


Yeah, fuck those guys, right?


(relieved panting) All clear!


I don't know, I don't understand that at all.


Let me find out. So I wiggle up a little more.


Can I feel you?


I threw a shuriken.


You disagree with my opinions.


A ghillie net.


(singing) I like chicken, I like liver, Meow Mix, Meow Mix, please deliver.


16, so plus-- 20, plus my six, plus seven, so 24.


You rolled a lot of sixes!


This is awkward.


You can have these rushes, you know? It can get a little intense. You'll be great. Yeah. Try and focus real hard, though.


Can I see what's on the spine of that book from where I am?


Then I'll light up my hands a little bit.


Sheed or Sheen?


She has five heads?


Dead armpit.


Do you not know anything?


Oh, that you killed?


Vex says yes, and I am so in the mood to kill something. (laughter)


Or if you're ready to come back, tug twice on the rope.


Probably. It was probably Nott. Wow, this ring is so cool!


Can I do anything--


Did you say 113?


I'm equally bad at both of them. But I think that Thorbir wants to go intimidation. I'll give that a try. There it is!


I'm a big kitty.


Sitting at nine on the current bestseller list.


It is worth a try. Of course it is.


You already did 40 point of damage without doubling.


That's right. [cheering]


Those don't reach into the mansion.


Oh yeah, oh god!


Yeah, I think it's the sound, too.


Okay. Well, maybe I need to think on this a little bit more.


Go back to your fire slit!


I activated my boots and walk.


I don't even know what horses are anymore.


(laughs) This is the strangest snail milk I've ever seen.


Okay. Yeah, let's do that.


Ten for the second guy.


No fear, no poison, 2d10.


But faster than fish?


Don't tell us what we can and can't do, Scanlan.


We know a lot about that. Allura, is Vasselheim going to be looking for members to join the council?


But I always had it.


We have to get this gnoll out of the bottom of this hole because that's gold.


Anything you can buy on dry land?


Are there trees to tie them up?


Do you want to stay? It doesn't really matter.


The violins go south.


Are we just here to see your mom?


Yes, I have advantage on, okay. That's 15.


Right. Yeah, that's a good point. We should make a stop.


I'll go ahead and drop form so I'm not a bird.


And we're going to have a discussion about what we're doing, with heat, steam, water and a little bit of cash.


Yasha, I know you're not into this. I know that you want to have a night out. Do you just want to sit and keep the young one out of trouble?


Greater? I think greater.


I mean, I hate to win a game all by myself but I don't see a problem.


Let me just scootch over so I can be behind Vex.


I wake Percival up.


Maybe this is vision-based. Maybe we have to close our eyes.


I don't know if she follows me or not.


The loneliest plant.


Avantika is the Infinity Gauntlet and she has one stone. (laughter)


Not inside the chest, I would be hanging on the outside.


Athletics is pretty good! 15!


The Fire Ashari. Why?


Can I pop my head back out the door, and looking at the ground, is there any semblance of a sewer system or a runoff grate or anything?


On my good days, I always have bonus shit to do.


It feels like outside, but, you know. Also, if we're ever in a tight spot and we know something--


I run over.


You can put Doty in there. I farted while I was inside.


Even better coming out of your mouth.


Yeah, that's eight damage. It's like a Looney Tunes cartoon. My heels are dug in.


Let's step outside.


To Dolan's, then.


But just call us the Nein. The Mighty Nein.


50-foot radius. I cast it right there.


From the church.


Bead.


These were sent to me by Tim West who has a great new company called Fantasy Coin HQ. If you go to fantasycoinhq.com he makes - Matt's holding up a dwarven coin at the moment - they make gems, they make fantasy coins, nerd coins.


Eight? That's four.


Yeah. Sure.


I'm so glad I confide in you. I have you to lean on. You are the rock in my life. What would I do without you?


Break. To split asunder.


We have the mansion.


Percy's gun! (laughter)


I'm going to go in the grass.


You Critters!


They might be ahead of us.


I spend three sorcerer points.


And Bad News just goes (click).


No, I think you're saying it wrong.


No, no, no, I rouse my sister quietly.


Do they?


Can I do another investigation check? Is it near me?


Yeah, I don't know if I can do anything about that right now, though. I can cast a second level or lower-- oh my god, this is awful.


Been around the world.


The most selfless.


You don't know me!


No, give me your packs!


That would make me so happy.


Yes. We can both fly.


Hey, Matt? Question. Do I-- between me and Caleb-- who has keen memory-- would we remember how many prisoners were in the stronghold including these guys?


Wow, in-joke.


I will inspire Vax with a selection from The Ultimate Dad Jokes.


Wait, does that go with the cart?


I ain't a fucking waitress.


I'm already heading towards Gilmore's.


Okay, so what do I-- How do I do that? With the Ensnare arrow?


Should I cast something through it to try and purge whatever it is out of it?


You'd better have been able to actually convince them.


No. We just are in.


You want to borrow a flashlight?


I really want to talk to them.


Times two. 38 times two.


I know which direction is north at all times. I don't forget anything. I'm real smart in-game.


Oi! I'm here now. Sorry. I thought that the rock people could handle it.


Oh, that too, yeah. I just can't get afraid, that's all I was going to say.


His bone-dry anus?


If the reward is good and it's not stupid.


Oh my God! That was the most sniper thing you've ever done!


You're Mary Ann, you're Professor.


The signature reach-around move!


It didn't help for me earlier; I rolled a three.


I take out my hand crossbow and I point it from the goblins to Caleb, and I fire.


How did we get in? We picked the lock. We'll be fine.


It's a 19! But it was almost bad!


Oh, 22! You're right, 22.


I don't exactly remember, but it had some really strong arguments.


That is a pretty big matzo ball.


Wait. Why are we here? Why have we come here?


Take the book! At least take the book! Hey, I've got an idea. I don't know how much time we have, and yes, we've got to find Fjord--


I mean, of course they're going to come for you because you could have fucked off days ago but you're a big team player now! Oh, I better try to hit that guy again. I will scooch down again. Oh, he's holding both of her blades. Okay, well, I probably won't hit, but let's do it again, pew pew! That is a six-- 14.


A lot of ghosts need punching?


Hey wait, well, that's where I am, I don't want him to come up there!


Plus strength. 12. (laughter)


Wait, with advantage?


I'm so weak, but I'm holding to see if I see a cave.


That's 15, is 70-- is 81.


She's super scary looking, but she's got a heart of gold.


I'm about 60 feet, but I would need to be at about a 15-foot cube to do my Thunderwave.


I wonder where the Concord-- yeah, where they're based. Isn't there a headquarters?


Grog, kill her.


Vax, I assume you have secrets you haven't told us.


I've seen it, I can reach in there.


And Westruun, how's it going?


I'm not convinced that they don't still have people alive down there.


I can have someone turn the key, if that's what we're talking about.


It's funnier that way.


We have no plan. So let's just walk right up. I take, me and Keyleth take tip of the spear, and we just walk right up to the base of the tree.


We don't have advantage on this, do we?


Is he blind? Is he still blind?


Ooh, 11 damage. No, sorry, ten damage.


Both of us. Action, action, and the bonus action was an attack. Hasted.


I do, I literally do.


We wouldn't have to kill the horse, we could just send the horse--


Hang on. Can I do a nature check? Is there anything weird about this?


I'm going to say, you gonna fail that attack, so you better sit your ass on back, because I ain't no hollaback gnome, I ain't no hollaback gnome.


That was like a real connection!


We're just screaming our asses off.


Also, like our shirts that you can't tell how soft they are until you're wearing them, like the Joe Mad poster that was so beautiful but until you saw it in person you didn't get it. This thing in person is unbelievable.


That's key. That's great. It'll buff you a little bit on your strength check.


Is it painted on or is it chipped on?


Fuck. One.


Heard you guys got all heebie jeebie and passed out in your last little mission.


Yeah it does.


Let's make our way to somewhere quiet.


I don't know who that guy is. If you see him, tell him that V. is looking for him at Greyskull Keep.


In a complete attempt to capitalize on your disgruntled feelings, would you mind telling us who paid you to guard this, or where it came from? This paintbrush?


Fucking... (shouts) Assassin!


Beau's left behind going  Come on! Pick it up, Caleb!


Are they fourth level or higher?


They know it's true. Just like we all know our logo looks like a weed shop sign. We all know it's true. I should probably stop saying this stuff. It might be a breach of contract. Let's keep going. (laughter)


Wait, you fucking-- track him down.


The little black dog statue? Oh, I like that thing.


Where are your 20s, Ashly, where are your 20s?


My sister and I have been sent by our owner to peruse the market for things that he might enjoy and I have been asked to inquire upon the nature of what you're selling and your suggested price. Never making eye contact.


At some point.


There's bone bears.


Hey, Percy, you find anything?


Cool. Since I got the killing blow, can I chop this tree down now?


What a lovely number.


Has it happened before, or was that--


I have to learn some-- Yeah, that's a--


Let's climb!


We could take them all back and see if anyone can read.


Something like that, submerged gates or something.


It's going in there, anyway. I don't even have to roll.


I know where he is.


It would've been about 60 feet away from you if he used his action to dash.


It was lower. Since we're being honest.


Everybody ready? And a one, and a two, and a (whoosh).


Oh, gotcha. Okay. Just the first one.


I'm really shit at makeup. (laughter)


Yes. I consider the matter settled.


That's not bad, that's not bad.


Would it hear our voice, or would it-- ?


Break him.


(pitter-pattering) Eventually stands on top of her dagger, and I cast Identify through touch of my familiar. And he weighs one ounce.


It's tiny, it's just a small cube. Oh, look. It says, "To the bravest rouge we've ever met. From your friendly--"


I float down behind him -


(buzzer)


I know. That's the thing, right?


I thought that's what they meant.


Armor?


I'm gonna pull an arrow out and just stand there and get ready in case Groon does anything.


Lovely.


I'm gonna inspire him once with an inspirational quote. You have to look through the rain to see the rainbow. (All laugh.)


I know, right!?


I was dropping little green rocks.


Awoo. Ten plus--


Just then, the real Scanlan comes back from peeing. He's like, what'd I miss, guys? (laughter)


We should go attack things.


Damn it! He's fired.


Good idea, but a little bit too cruel. (laughter)


Good man, good day. We'll be on our way, thank you.


17. Wait, and with disadvantage.


Am I hiding still?


Just take your shirt off. Show it to the world. I'm gonna cast Pass without a Trace on all of us.


How would you get the stone cold enough? You would need all sorts of sides to add to it, to fold into it. It's a terrible idea.


We wanted to get caught up on our, like--


That's shit.


The smoky thing.


On the little ooze?


(gasps excitedly) Honeycomb! Oh, of thieves.


Wait, are you saying the Mis-Steak like a good filet mignon or like a mistake?


But you--


You're safe now.


Whoa. They've got some serious magic stuff over there.


Did you see that crazy army ride by? There was a lot of horses. A lot.


No, there was only one that managed to draw blood with their display. Therefore, Percy is the winner. (applause)


Only bigger.


From this position, you can clearly see how this one would reach. (laughter)


What, sorry?


Do you know where Kara is?


What are we around? What's near us? Is this just a tunnel? Is there any sort of shelter, caves?


Got to go.


I'll light up my fire hands and start melting, just his face.


That's what I was going to ask. It's a forceful darkness and looking at Fjord get nauseous, does this remind me of any ghostly presence that I experienced before?


I just don't feel like freeballing it right now, and I'd really like the group.


Crickets.


But it wasn't.


No, they're regular dwarves, they're good people.


That's the answer you're getting.


Proficient with blacksmithing tools?


Please don't.


I love dogs.


How it's not covered in dust or decay, I have no idea.


So it says no action, when you slay a humanoid you can cause its spirit to rise as a specter that gains three temporary hit points?


(sings) Scanlan, the best bard.


Oh, I'll go with it.


He can go anywhere.


Well, sure, but it means that thing will be bright the whole time.


So I double sneak-attack damage.


Ten points of damage.


Sheed. Sheedy. Ally Sheedy is here.


Aw, Lockheed Peach.


Charlottesville.


Yeah, freeze. Nose up. Let him see your nose hairs.


If we go slower--


So now I am stuck in a door?


I don't like them at our keep.


Chod?


Let me see. (counting) I don't think I can hit both of them with most of my stuff.


How much can you make?


Researchers.


What can I do besides trying to pick the lock? Is there anything I can do to knock it open at this point? I still only have one hand free, right?


Could be good, could be bad. We have no idea.


I'm right here, guys. It's really not cool.


If I did.


Yeah, or, "I want to mate with you." That's probably bad as well.


Does he feel the same about the Xhorhasian as you do?


I stole a gun!


I. Was amazing. (all laugh)


The big monster that we're setting for him.


We'll send a carefully worded letter. We can't roam the city for days trying-- looking for some dead guy's daughter, come on.


Oh, I thought you said 25.


I have the ogre and the wolf, right?


Why? Come on.


It's Nott.


All right, fuck it! Let's do it.


Now there's three.


Doesn't mean I can't be flattered. I'm quite flattered. That was very flattering.


What it? What came out?


I'm going to tiptoe backwards into the mansion.


So the top is Abyssal. Here I go.


Um.


Laboratory.


You can get us there, though.


Yes, we have that.


Maybe we can go under it.


I'll take a robe with the censer.


Intelligence, right, thank you.


Vax, I want you to know I've never been more proud of you than I am right now.


Send up the goliath.


Well, those of us who can swim quite quickly will try and evade. We'll try and hide and keep looking for them.


It's a nice neighborhood. There's no bars on the windows.


Yeah, just get the lockpicks.


Well, I admit that I'm not sure about a lot of this. No pressure, right?


We rob them blind!


We're waiting.


Oh, shit, I go running after Percival. I'm going to go find Percival.


Right, yeah, it's funny, but like the pictures that were on the big shape, right, there's something about it that reminds me with this arrangement of that time that we fought that shit-head beholder. Yeah, like, it doesn't really want us to look in it.


Where's the sea?


I like interesting thoughts.


If you want, they're non-magical items.


Do you remember when I brought Trinket back to camp?


Yeah, but that was a game thing. That wasn't a character thing.


I'm grabbing the thing that she was trying to grab.


Or Vex. Whoever.


It's playtime.


I'm actually not looking to buy anything. I owe your son a bit of money. I lost some money in a wager we made on a dog fight, and I was hoping to reimburse him. Do you know where he is?


Well, that's not what I said. I said, do you want to play?


Are we at the foot of the stairs yet, me and Pike?


I'm having a wonderful time.


I have never met another nice one. Ever. And I really tried!


Okay, I'm still Hasted, I'm going to run down the center over Clar-- I'm going to step on Clarota's-- I don't know if he has nuts, but whatever's there, I'm going to step there, run around Scanlan, and place his fucking hat on my head.


Is that inspiration?


Black blades! (laughter)


It's a powerful wink.


How long do we have you? What do you remember? Anything?


We're in the tower of Entropis. We're on the back of a titan. Try to get them as far away from here as possible. Vasselheim is an hour away.


Yeah, but we don't have to have him anymore, so that's good, right?


And then I immediately rush into Cerkonos's space, and do Whelm.


Doty. Act cool. That means book down, don't say a word, and if the guards get close, let us know with some sort of sound. Thank you. Remember, you're a leper, so seem unhealthy.


The iron one and the wooden one.


You're doing very well.


Scanlan? I know you can't hear, but I'm sitting in a tavern right now with Grog; he just went to sleep. I had a pretty good day. I had to do a lot of labor; just lifting stuff into a cart. And then, you know, Vox Machina, lo and behold, come home and I see them and now we're here. But we miss you. I'm going to-- I'm very tired. (snores) (laughter)


Anything in the box?


Should we set out to our various tasks, then?


Nice pull.


This is my accountant, Caleb Widogast. Very intelligent, good with books and numbers.


You better use Cutting Words on him, for one of these things.


(French accent) Oui. Oh, slave, can I have the gold? (laughter)


(gasps) The Victory Pit!


No plan survives contact with the enemy. That's the truth.


If I can't tell, you didn't--


Me! Me, help me.


I'm going to do another detect undead really quickly.


Can we sneak there, can Vax sneak there? What was the man's name who we killed?


It's like Candy Crush, but with more death.


You healed 19, by the way.


You guys, does this make us highway bandits? Are we highway bandits?


Do yours, too!


Like as our character?


Frumpkin has been a sparrow before. Sparrows don't have darkvision, do they?


Suggestions?


Do you have any honey?


(yells) No!


That is a d8 plus four, that's nine points of damage to the wolf.


Hey, thanks for having me, guys.


The Way of the Gun.


Hold on, Marisha. Are you okay?


That is a natural one.


(laughing) "Or whatever."


Oh, that's right, he did some stuff to it. No, when it was clean, it was lovely.


Well, I was saving them but then fucking Fjord asked for healing.


Question, before we go. Typically when you've done this in the past, you inform Vorugal and he heads on over right away? Does he need to see evidence of a hunt? How does it work? Do you typically inform him?


I speak Dwarvish as well!


He does. He had to pack a lot of stuff because of me. I feel mildly guilty.


Yasha makes a good point, though. Just in case a simple wipe-down was enough to gain you entry.


What was that shit about now I'm manly?


As I go in the water, I'm going to go about halfway and then stop and tread and make sure that everybody gets along the rope fine.


Is somebody aiding you in that? No.


Okay, I spent some grit on this, and did some interesting modifiers.


What is a rating one? Is that super lame?


I do, yeah.


Still hits! Uncanny Dodge please! To halve the damage.


Use the earring real quick. I'm going to write a quick letter. If anybody goes shopping, let me know.


Oh no, she could die, die.


(as Vax) Half damage.


No, I do, yeah, hold on. Get the cask out, pour him a cup.


Shook it off.


Those clouds look like half-elves!


Have we tried to Restoration him first?


Show, first show.


I'm going to drop my things and run downstairs.


I go and look through the window, is there a window?


I creep up to just about 30 feet away.


Okay. Yeah, that's fine. That's 32.


I need a technical question. Can I move the Horn and let go of the spell so I can then do my turn? Or does that take a thing to do that? Like, I want to let it go--


Yeah, not too bad, Vasquez.


Do we get advantage because Beau's helping us?


Do you want to help build, I don't know, a trench? Set a trap?


Ever? In my life?


I'll also say, if this was a gas trap, I would probably throw my mask on before passing it, as well.


Doty, show me the ledger. How much platinum does he have on his person right now?


I don't know. I was standing right beneath the throne when the throne collapsed. Then I found them.


I also have a question about the Periapt. It says that whenever you roll-- oh, it's rolling a hit die to regain hit points, but it doesn't count when anyone heals me?


There's, so, down there, there's a big pool of water--


Can I hold up one of the fish claws and see if it matches the claws that are on the box?


Percy, you can make that.


They were gift-wrapped and everything.


Second one is even fucking worse. It's a two.


(quietly) Oh man.


Before we leave this little cage, does it look bolted into place?


Kinder, this is a thread I am going to put around the chamber that you are living in, and I will know if our little feathered friend or you all leave. You're perfectly welcome to. I'm just letting you know that I will know, ja? Okay.


Oh. Holy shit. That's that half-fighter side, right?


I believe Cali.


Yeah, well, that's the thing.


Thank you guys so, so much.


I was wearing mine earlier today and I only rolled 20s. Only.


That's from the Heroes' Feast?


Oh shit. 19?


Although I will admit, I rolled gold for this roll.


(groans) Too strong. Oh, such a monster.


Which brings me to seven total? Okay.


We make our way back up to the top.


Fitz, I understand that you might have felt a little slighted by last night's encounter.


If you'd be so kind, throw me here, then.


Critical hit. You're right, sorry.


And I look over my sister's shoulder and say, Grog! You want to play? Come on, you want to play?


Do you know, I would be all right if you had? I am a fan of calculated risks.


We'll un-stone her, it's not like she can take it from us.


No save.


As quietly as possible, to keep moving forward.


You get a player's handbook signed by us.


I'm going to do a super fast throw out-- well, I'm not going to rush them, 'cause they are our sponsor. Marvel Puzzle Quest, everyone, great game. Download Marvel Puzzle Quest, available on the App Store, Google Play, and Steam. New characters are added every two weeks, and you can play as heroes, villangers-- Villangers? Villains, the Avengers, X-Men, Spider-Man, and more. Speaking of the characters, I'm going to do a quick trivia quiz with Taliesin Jaffe here. Master of comic books. I'm going to read a list of characters available on Marvel Puzzle Quest game. Some of them of them are real, some of them are yoga positions. You tell me which is a character and which is a yoga position. Ready?


Yeah, and I guess I can let Trinket change out of mouse form.


Flex.


Uh, when shit is exploding in your face?


I mean, you were really up, though, when you were, you know, full there.


Oh yeah! Sagas of Sundry announcement! Cast list went out! Who's in it? We are!


18 plus.


I also thought it would look nice in the house.


I got rope.


I'm gonna hop out of tiger form, by the way, since we rested and stuff.


There are limits!


Fuck, I'm an idiot. I'm such an idiot. I've got to get better at this.


Can we relocate all of the refugees staying in our walls? Can we bring everyone through the Sun Tree? Keyleth? How long does it stay open?


You're off the boat.


Not for you!


Yeah. Five total for me.


(laughing) I am, I'm sorry. The door, with my axe.


Fantasy math. Once again, 826LA, after-school tutoring. Good charity.


(laughing) I thank you.


What if there was a way to start a ruckus at the Vedmeyer estate? Start a fire, maybe. Start a ruckus of some kind.


Nice, Pike!


And then I am going to move. We don't have anyone over here yet, really, correct?


The adjacent to the Pools of Hatafah.


That's true. He squealed out like a little girl, too.


An old ally.


Just do it, we'll heal him up.


Oh yeah, can we sense motive on him?


Is it flammable, is it poisonous, is it acidic?


Oh god. (all groan)


Can I interject for a second and thank Earl Davis, @Wheelyfactoids, for buying 8 shirts?


But I'm still giving him love, right?


Not so fast, young lady. I found my tuna casserole in the garbage.


On our horses that we own. Do we own horses?


If it's a zero, it's a ten.


Is it a never-ending beer jug?


I'm going to look right back at him.


Hey, yeah, Sam?


Yeah. Oh.


As we're walking, I'm going to whisper to Percy. Are they going to take all our stuff?


Yeah, use me as bait!


Oh, it's so pretty! There are the pillars!


Of (tolling bell) damage through the water.


It lets you commune with nature.


I'll pull the other Slim Jim out of the bag.


They're two different dimensions. It's two different planes. But if you or I, with Locate Object, douse ourselves in this oil and we locate the object, we know exactly where it is, and we move toward it and then go down there. It might be encased in a ton of stone or something. We don't know. We could go toward it, find it, and then go sit 20 or 30 feet away from it, wait to pop back into this plane, go grab it, Gate Stone up here.


Eh, not our problem.


You don't look a day over 20!


That was so much fun.


I read a lot, but all I've been able to find in this town is that parchment place.


Right before we leave, I turn and have a piece of pelt from the rakshasa, and I throw it at the guard's feet, and I say, here. That's what's left of your boss.


Wait, one of the crewmen?


Hey welcome to the club.


He's out, get him!


It just ate a Crownsguard in half.


So Slow. DC 16 with Bane.


I just think it's rather rude that she doesn't want to come down here and meet us.


You want to be loved.


So your DC is 19. Sorry, Matt.


So smart.


You were great, Marisha.


No, it's-- no, it's good.


Maybe she's a real queen, I don't know. I just always heard to her referred to as the Queen.


He's a boy! Look at his giant dick.


I'm not saying it was the best plan.


I'm just sitting back here holding the carpet. ♫ I can show you the world ♫ (group laughs)


Hm. Ooh! 17. (all laugh)


I told him to go down low to the ground. Yeah.


Thank you, sir!


Okay, I'm going to shoot Conjure Barrage at the ceiling and try to create noise away from us.


That's exciting!


Yeah, I was curious if you've seen Gustav around. Tall, thin, elvish-looking man.


This one has a pretty big number on it.


You scared them with positive energy?


Darling.


We haven't used it, yet.


Oh, the brain's dead.


That's where the gunpowder is.


Well, I think that the existence of a pantheon of gods is a well-established fact in our world, so I believe.


I hadn't imagined him in but--


I guess Whitestone?


You did. That's a natural one!


Did you want to smash your way through this very loudly?


Can they be gold, delayed later, when they pop out?


What is this? A special edition?


If I didn't get barfed, we would have problems.


He's friendly. That is my cat. If you want to spend some time with him, you can. He is very soothing for me, anyway. Give it a shot.


I figure we're going to dance tonight.


You know what, I think he is grumpy, but he stands next to Beau so much that he looks happy. (laughter)


I mean, I can't do anything. I can run over to the other thing, but I can't do anything, so--


If you pour poison on a blade, do you get poison damage if you hit them with it?


