Sounds crazy. Can we always use this?


Right, true.


Okay. Yes, it hits. I rolled a 17.


Look, I agreed to start a rebellion and let the people have their uprising, but I'm with Vax. I was trying to tell you this before we even came here, Percy. You don't want to become the thing that you are so desperate to seek vengeance on. How are we any different than the Briarwoods, at this point?


Like a fog cloud?


I believe in you.


Can you check in your bag to see if the Horn is still there?


I could cast a spell on one of us that if you died, it would activate, and it would heal you.


I fart. (laughter)


Molly? Can you?


Oh, Grog! Share.


He has cardiac arrest and dies.


You trust these folks?


(laughs) 16. 22.


All right, I'm going to curve around to the front of the tent I'm at and start aiming at the larger orc who's whacking on Keyleth there.


Is where I can see. And then I'm gonna take this little block of stone right here, this stalagtite or mite or whatever it is--


That'll be a 21.


He's fine!


I think they're angry and sad.


That does. Actually, can I move? I'm going to stay in melee, but I want to come over here in case he decides to golf-swing me into the fucking lava river.


Unreal.


Yes. If Vecna moves, we will know.


(yelling after him) You're hard to read, man!


That's 26 to hit.


People like her make you uncomfortable?


Just don't take the thing on my waist, because he'll be pissed.


Wait, hold on, I forgot that somewhere in this armor--


Yeah. It's gone now. Would I know direction, even?


So three plus six, total of nine?


Puny god!


All right, shall some of us stealth ahead to the temple to see what we can see or should we set out on foot as well?


Well, fine. I can still move it, yes?


You have a Bag of Holding?


Okay, but then do I have an action once that's done or that's the action?


Maybe amble more than dash.


Oh, sure. Yeah. Can I feel lucky?


Perhaps it's time to have a difficult conversation.


I cast Entangle on the ground.


Nice, cool, yeah.


Which tattoos are the old ones? I mean, I don't want to see your naked body or anything. But do you have some?


Yeah, right? I don't even feel it. It's like nothing.


Okay. Do I have line-of-sight on the other ooze that's attacking Grog? The big one?


I'll most likely kill you in the morning.


Bugs! How do they work?


Please misfire. Please blow your hand off.


We'll see what this means.


I want to see the pixies, too.


Maybe if you use it the right way, it will be fine.


What are your three attuned right now?


We know his name.


Too many Beaus.


Bless, bless, bless.


Against?


I'm going to stop one and ask what happened.


Yeah, so we've got a backup plan because I followed whoever that person was back to where they dropped off. We should probably honor the offer first. If that goes sideways, then we have a backup plan.


Is Max still here?


Do that, you two.


Okay, and that's, I guess, everything. Right?


Two is pretty decent, I think.


How many names are there? Is it over ten or under?


War Machine.


Can I see? I'm raised above, right?


And we're walking, and we're walking.


I was going to escort them there. Do you think you have things handled if we go for a day?


That's the idea. Ja.


I mean, we have to kill Rodents of Unusual Size.


Come along, Percival.


Dex, dex, dex.


And they've got a power crate coming out.


That happened in six seconds. It was like, (explosions).


I go in and put my arm through Percy's arm to make it seem like we're twins. I go in with Percy to make it look like we're the twinsies.


Yes, we know, darling. We know.


Caleb would've remembered that, too. I don't, though.


I follow Percy.


I didn't even ask  how far is the water from the fucking dock? Five feet, or like 15 feet? Is it a tall dock?


We came close to fucking up that ring proximity thing seven times, and then finally we did fuck it up.


Maybe I saw something. I don't know.


So wait, there are song parodies? Can we get those?


Is that sneak attack because she didn't know I was there, technically? Oh, Grog's standing right there!


I say we go back. I would love to go back and maybe have lots of drinks.


Dos.


Yeah, an old lady trying to cross the street and takes out Grog.


Are these at disadvantage? Or I'm right up there?


I don't know why I didn't expect it to be that amazing.


All right. And Trinket.


That's okay, that's all right.


Percy, you probably want to take out one of those contraptions of yours.


Wait, you want to find his hand on the giant tower full of rubble?


We can get 13 people out. That's it.


I will attempt to Counterspell it.


When we lower into the cellar, right when--


I am going to run over to cover. What is that other side?


Should we kill this shit while we're stunned?


Need that uplifting-- yeah!


No, someone asked how the group, yeah.


With our thanks.


I don't know, what does it look like?


It's not new, it's just been a while.


What we were talking about? Can I help him with that? Can I assist him?


Apparently, kelp is shallow.


Yeah, it was so much fun.


Is he flanked with Yasha?


We can make you look as cool as you want. That's undeniable.


Is this just with a simple Scrying spell? Okay.


Take some legs and arms and just shove them in the holes.


Up close and personal.


Whatever is left over if you could put in there, and I'm going to start something and hopefully something--


-- eight plus five is 13, you just took 13 hit points.


Do I join the initiative order?


20 will do!


Oh. Yes. Of course I will. I will do that right now with these d8s that I have. 12.


We could have strapped them both to your back.


I speak Dwarvish, but I can't read.


Wait, can you use your bonus action to wink at Matt to ask for forgiveness?


Should we put out your hands? So that they can't see us? Well, there's a bunch of people off in the distance.


Ooh, the Walking Dead t-shirt. I call dibs on this next week!


He wasn't with us yet. We had that other guy he was playing. (laughter)


It's something you should know. Yes, I should-- if you need to know anything, you should always ask me.


Oh, she's just a dwarf? Oh, okay, that makes more sense, actually, when you say it that way. It seemed like she was shrunken down from magic!


That's definitely an option, but I feel like maybe we could just try to be better than him. Maybe you could really show off, and show him that you are better, and that we're better, and we're better friends, and you know, that he should come back and hang out with us.


The Shademirk bog.


Make sure that they're paying attention to us.


If you take so much more--


It's a city that has no water. We shouldn't make waves.


Staff.


This is what you get for Counterspell.


There is one that is free?


I have a forgery kit, a poisoner's kit--


Did anybody show off the shirt, yet?


It's a good bear. It's the best kind of bear.


Okay. I'm going to say "Halt!" in Ignan. Which I'm assuming it speaks.


It was pretty great.


To minty families.


Percy's in hell, Hanson playing in his brain.


Seems extreme.


Okay okay okay, two for me.


When you give it, we'll go in the other way.


And when I got in there, I didn't get close enough to see if there was any good hiding spots beyond him?


No advantage.


It went back to a 20.


When he pops his wings, the wings will be gold.


Which is what he said.


Pike, these are very attractive rocks. What does it look like?


Redemption is fucking painful.


(singing) Ashley, come back!


Price paid, I think.


Natural one. (laughter)


While we're getting ready, I would like to talk to Pike about a certain proposal that happened. None of us have addressed it.


Before we go, quickly, guys. I'm sorry. I haven't done this yet, so can I try to see where Kaylie is and do a little scry?


All right, I'll just add a bunch of stuff to my stuff.


Aw! Wow, twinsies.


You serve this queen?


I go down and nurse him, nurse his head, hold him, and just tell him, Grog, you won! You did it, buddy!


You're still alive. It was enough to keep you al-- oh my god, man!


I didn't see you there at all!


Fucking Dwarven Forge, man.


14. You know what? It's fine. I'm alive.


That's what I was going to say. Is it a water chute? Drainage? Is this a drain pipe?


Do I have a sense of how expensive the Grudge Gang is?


Personal.


No, I was just so excited about New York Comic Con, I wanted to be a part of that announcement.


I have been trying not to show you this art for two weeks now.


19 against the hydra--


Well then, how about this? Why don't we concentrate, instead of-- Because okay, it's a middle cross beam thing, right? Why don't, instead of focusing on the middle section, we focus just on two sides, so it goes.


We would.


26. I've tiptoed away.


I don't know who I would talk to about that. Can I go find Keyleth, are you asleep yet?


How about you go first, Tary.


Yes, I'll bet you do. You don't look that terrible to me, though.


Is that all there is to this?


I'm going to shake it off a little bit. I'm going to--


But you don't want to.


12 squares, full.


You can have the teeth. I'm going to skin it.


Yeah, there's nothing in here.


Did we recognize the other human male that he's with?


No, I know what your face looks like. What does it mean? Double rainbow, what does it mean?


Do you want me to bury you?


The whole chamber is two to three inches?


Can I snatch it out of his hand real quick?


At ease, at ease.


We can-- And we can attach the camouflage back onto the flying carpet.


No record of their names?


I'm going to use Minor Illusion to make a really shitty Vax. A really cruddy-looking Vax.


Okay, good, then I stealth forward, towards the camp, towards the tent, away, staying away from people. Yeah. Is that as far as I can go in, towards the tent?


Cleaning up your--


Oh my god. Oh my god.


Whatever you're into, baby. (laughs) I've become Austin Powers.


I mean, I can cast Enhance Ability to help our willpower? Or our will.


(whispered) Jester!


The computer, the story behind that, is during the charity drive, we had a robot read off all the donation messages. And the robot would say, and when they made a heart, it would say, "we less than three."


Wow. (laughter)


What are you learning about the man by what he drinks?


I still like D-Roll, but whatever.


(ke-kunk, ke-kunk, ke-kunk, ke-kunk)


Well done. Bad life choices.


Bits of Beau. Bits of Beau are showing.


That's all right, we just need your cat.


I turn to Fjord; I go  The orb! Fjord, do you see the orb? Do I see the orb?


If you're lying, you'll pay.


You're back up. Missing the last two sentences. Buffer over.


Okay. I think that's okay. I think-- that's fine.


While you're talking to the twins, I'll be talking to Ornna. Oh, for fuck's sake.


Okay. Three, seven, 12, 30. Oh, 22, 32.


Why have you all read it and I haven't?


(slurred) Inevitability.


Yeah, keep going, as far as I can. That's as far as I can go?


Okay, easy! Easy! Open up the door! I open the door and I slowly open it up like trying to funnel a rat out of the room. Here you go. Remember what we talked about.


There was that.


Communicable diseases?


Can he not react either?


So, wait, and then you saw Allura there? That's bullshit?


We've already hit 9,100. Protocol95, you are the first winner of the night!


Isn't that gonna be fun?


And for my third shot. That's 30 points.


I just lost my best friend.


Sorry audio team.


I thought Percy's was long, shit.


Well, then it's expensive. Because mine was very pricey and it holds some stuff.


God, you're irritating. Fine. Ugh!


I would like to go into a frenzied rage. I would like to start with a giant front-kick forward and then hammer him down.


I don't think they fancy us much. I don't really fancy them, though, so I guess that's fair. They're allowed that.


I took a really easy punch.


It really means a lot.


She's-- you know what? I bet she's pretty noisy too!


We need a cleric! We need a cleric with us all the time!


23. We're stuck where we are because we can't run closer to it.


The fucking Herald.


I'm going to use a Locate Object spell


But you'll be out of other things you can do?


Is it an automatic hit, or is it something I can do Cutting Words on?


I turn him into a goat.


(exhales) It's so hot. I wish we were back home.


Should somebody pickpocket her?


There's something real big back there. It's real big.


I'm coming along.


Is his proximity close enough that either of these guys are within five feet, or anybody's within--?


Who had the red oven mitt?


I'll just hold on to the hand right now.


Psychic damage?


I have one job on this ship.


Why do we have to go down there, there's nothing that we need down there!


Take a shot. That's a 28 to hit.


Maybe. Okay, Scanlan, I'm a terrible person, I know.


Oh, a lot. 25.


Does the door actually open on it?


This could affect everyone.


You want to go cow-tipping, don't you?


It doesn't matter, that's incredible. Wow.


Like a dog at a fire hydrant.


Never strangled someone before.


We still have that plus 10?


There's only eight of them. We can take eight undead.


I'll run up onto the nest and start looking for stuff.


Jesus. We're going to get out of here real fast! You guys are listening to me, right? Because things are coming up the side and we need to get out of here.


Well, tit-for-tat, give him something else.


Well, it looked-- That leg was pretty rough. Hmm.


Seems like-- I guess all of us are picking up on our own individual paths from here? I guess.


(laughs) Holy shit.


Walking is really good for the health though.


Oh, come on! Oh, um. That would be a 15.


It just means you're really invested. Schlurp.


Lucas, what was the final number on subs?


Hm? No, I remember everything that happens in the last month. I don't, Caleb does. I have a Clippy. I have a magic Clippy.


Yeah, what do you want to do?


Gimme.


13 total.


That's not a problem.


All right, I'll take one.


I grab it, too.


That is 12 plus two, 14 points of Eldritch Blast damage.


Two or three, give or take.


Oh, she doesn't get to have it now. That's how that works.


Is the gold pile trap still there?


Feral instinct.


I'm going to that and seeing if there's something there.


GoFiBePo? Why didn't you just name it a Poobah Platter?


We go to the shore.


Guys, hi! Sam Riegel, here. It's award season, so tonight I'm going to announce the D&D Beyond Awards. The envelope, please!


For fuck's sake, Jesus. Really?


It was a big hassle.


I like that you're violent instead of just going, "Healing hand."


I'm going to turn around and do Wall of Stone. Boof!


Go for the middle.


Yeah, give them to me.


Well, now we know what to do. We were too late, and we have seen what we're up against, and now we need to focus. We can't let it be over yet. We need to focus. We're going to find these diamonds.


Keep it where? Where?


No, not 'ermahgerd'!


Hey, Captain.


(sings) TPK. TPK.


Maybe we should just give up.


Yes. It's Turn Undead.


It's a big iron pendulum swinging around.


Oh, sorry, he's been talking shit about you this whole time, I don't know, I just--


Now or later, friend.


Nice. That plus six, that's eight points.


It does make more-- I don't mean to demean Trinket, he is a lovely bear.


Look, I don't want her getting in trouble for anything that happened.


Do I have three-quarters cover? Because I'm using him as a human shield?


LED. Six.


Oh, okay. I didn't know that.


I want to shoot him.


I was starting to follow. I push the door open...


Yes, neat. Neat would be the word I would-- she does all right.


Okay. This is going to be the hard stuff now.


Oh, will?


Oh, it's got a little deck.


This is an early whisper. A first-hour whisper is rare.


Shit. Could I have reached Molly?


Can I make my way over and up the steps?


Nananana no.


This is not deception!


Brian Wayne Foster!


Sure, 18 to hit.


Lightning. Lightning? Has anybody tried electricity yet?


No, back. Yeah. Back a little more, towards you.


He tries to grapple him, or something. Can he do anything to make Grog not be able to attack me if I run away? Can he try to knock him down, or something? Jump up on his back and knock him over.


I had a lot of breakfast.


Here's the payback.


Whoa! That's a natural 19 so I think that hits.


Sorry, little bit of ongoing rage.


Damn. That's half.


I feel like you're condescending to me! I'm not, I'm not a dullard, here. I can do a lot of things! My wealth has bought me many different artifacts from my travels, and they all do majorly magical things.


They don't care, right?


Pull it back, put it to her, put it back. "Maybe I will."


We're in a secret chamber.


Just wanted to check.


I think we can--


They're awesome little four-panel weekly comic strips going through the backstory of Vox Machina at the Winter's Crest Festival.


Okay, we'll walk around the docks and look for--


It'd be expensive, though. It's somebody's time for a week.


Let's flank.


Called it. This is a fucking incinerator. I knew it! This feels like an incinerator. No? What? He's looking at me-- (nervous laughter)


What does the hallway look like that all the rooms are in?


Bzz.


Oh, good! I want to do that!


I turn to Vex.


Plus three damage.


Oh, right. I still have two left, don't I?


Ugh, I'm out of alcohol. It's the worst time to be out.


I felt like I'd seen it before. I just wanted to touch it.


I'd like to see any questionable thing you may have.


Are we out of earshot?


I feel like they're terrible communicators.


Yeah, it's a duplicate. It's not going to touch anything, really. It's a hologram, it's an illusion.


It's a roll-off! Oh my god. This is a critical roll. That's a two.


Love contracts.


Jester, you should always look out for yourself first, all right?


It has been used?


I thought we only got tokens or something for free drinks.


Oh, that's no good. Oh, I have advantage on the attack roll for this?


Let's all leave except for Grog.


Excellent, I shall go there next.


So there's no one else in here, right? Is it still dark?


She will cast Toll the Dead.


It probably was! That's the thing, it probably was!


Okay, for an action, I am going to cast the Blur spell on myself again und I will use my bonus action to have Schmidt come. I'm assuming he's not affected by webs?


Oh, no. That's a four, so that's three. I'm a negative one for survival. I thought it was 11.


What can I hit with it?


That would be lovely. I'm bleeding over everything.


That's true, are any of us doing ranged attacks?


Frost-Willem Dafoe.


Okay, I am too far away to do anything and don't really want to get in closer. I will get a little bit closer so I am in range to inspire Keyleth.


Are you in the room?


Your first one was--


It's stupid!


He didn't bring anything back to life, that's good.


(laughs) Just the tip.


You can play it as well if you go to your local shop or download it or get it at a store--I already said that but you can play samurais-- we have no samurais here. You can play knights-- Hey!-- or you can play Vikings-- you can use this guy!


Oh, he worked so hard on that!


No, we hit the nest. Set the nest on fire and it'll run.


I could do it.


This will do just perfectly. Let's do this.


I choose Keg.


We have a second. I'm going to hand you my Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch. Why not?


So that's fine.


I'm going to tail my sister, actually.


Well, we can go to the ocean first.


He knows we're coming. He wants us to come.


-- closer to here?


Yeah, jauntily. That's good, yeah.


Obelisk of Stone.


Are you going to take him, one on one?


They've got a booster chair for you, Scanlan.


I fly down and cast Cure Wounds on Vax.


Well, are we scaring them or are we luring them?


I'm gonna spend my turn keeping an eye on the thing I just Hexed so I know where it is.


It kind of is your thing.


Feel free to give me like a--


Why would you want to scry on me?


You just stopped him from farting into his flute.


I wanted to use my bonus action to hide.


Ask Merkin. He can tell you.


No! No, no, no! She doesn't like our kind, she's--


Then can I take my shillelagh?


So we found out that there's a ritual happening soon.


You have less than 100 gold? I'll pay for it in full.


Plus, we have a bear.


Yasha walks over, and bends over at the hips, and puts her eyes right in front of Twiggy. I like her. She walks away.


What about the big old weapons that the two bruisers were-- are they massive?


I spit at his feet.


In the Feywild.


Don't worry about it. She's been at her books.


What the fuck did you just draw?


I think it starts right now.


Best DM ever.


Do they make you burn things as a display of your abilities?


Yeah, they're probably nocturnal anyway. That means they're around at night.


Her stuff?


Everybody except for some people.


I think I can. A particular type of field mouse.


I'm open to suggestions.


I'm collecting some seashells, and taking a bit of a walk.


So I'll take the Dodge action.


I teabag her for roughly 15 minutes and then I-- hastily. All right, here we go. Fuck.


Her arcane calculator? Once again, our charity.


Will do, good sir.


Yeah? And then I slept on the couch for two nights. (all laugh)


Oh! (whispering) I bless you!


And then we'll kill him!


"If found, return to--"


Third attack.


How much money does he give you?


Okay. Because I don't want to do that--


You invited vampires into your palace.


Fromora?


I’m going to drink! (all laugh)


I don't need one. I bring out my bottle of air. And I go, "I have this." And I put it back in.


(singing) Purple worm.


Wait, why did he say that? Why did you say that?


And you are saying that you have no memory?


Big Lebowski.


Is Tary-- Tary's still held on?


I mean, I'm so far away. I can try to get up there but--


Where did you go just then?


Oh, that hits. Yeah.


You did throw two javelins at an irritating creature, so that's good.


Look at these palm trees!


Yes. Question  the symbol? Scanlan?


This is wonderful. I'm going to add it to my other necklace.


From beautiful downtown Burbank.


This is Clive the bartender, right?


We're the beginning of the announcements. It's great. We were talking about the playlists.


No, no, no, let's follow this thread.


Who's going to attack you?


Fucking secrets.


41 damage. And he has to make a strength saving throw.


Okay, can I do some cool monk shit and do some wall running and leap and parkour and then get to this guy?


You can handcuff her behind her back.


At dawn!


--Baryshnikov of Dungeons & Dragons.


I'm very worried about Pike. I don't know what to do.


Fro-yo damage!


You're at one hit point, you're at one hit point.


I'm hoping to procure an address or access to the sigils of Kraghammer through my Circle of Teleportation spell and whatnot using your arcane gates. That's about it. (laughter)


Yeah. I'm going to head toward the tieflings as well. Which I think is the same direction anyway, so.


You're here until the job's complete, right? Or she feels that you've paid your service, I feel like I remember you telling me in bedside chat at some point in time over the 15 months?


The Exalted Collection.


We faced basilisks once and they did this to Vex'ahlia.


I'm just going to sit next to Vex and I think we're just going to stand and let this happen.


Watch the flask.


I'm above you.


How many can I have?


So this is a new place?


We want to find a bigger city to disappear into.


The front hall.


It's not going to work, but I can try.


Oh look! I bet it's that guy! That's his robe!


Look at how big they both are.


I could've cast it at 1st-level! Damn it! You still only got fucking seven points of fucking healing!


Wakey wakey!


I'll do it. I'm going to enhance. In case we get busted. So you'll have advantage on persuasion rolls.


Wait-wait! I already said I'm winged and Hasted, I'm already there! She can't go anywhere.


On the carpet. Go. Do. We die with honor.


It's not, actually. It's an action that lasts for an hour.


Cool. Oh, right, then I held my action for that.


Oh, okay! Tiberius, I'm falling!


Strapping. The strapping age.


Eels.


I'm pretty good at it, too.


And also, I'm restringing my new, awesome bow.


I don't know if I agree with that, but--


17 points of bludgeoning damage.


So it is like Saturday here, right? Time runs the same?


You already know how I feel.


All right. I'll follow them out. I'll tap Yasha: We should get out of here.


Okay, we're good!


No, what did you do?


Halved, again.


All right. And I'm going to, as a bonus action, chuck Whisper into-- no, it has to be tied to an action, doesn't it?


Can we just use chain and tie him up?


Okay. That's it. That's what I can do.


What's the catch?


You don't have to watch.


Oh god. Doty was a machine made of metal.


Yes or no.


What is that? Can I see that?


From where we are now, would I have any idea how far from the gates that we just-- have we passed through the gates?


Oh, sorry. To Lorna, with love.


We'll see. (laughs) Or not.


Do we all have to say it that way, Vex'ahlia?


I figure, they're (flying noise) so. Flying beetles.


Are you going to try it, Grog? (laughter)


Did you just say "snapricot?"


Congratulations, Nott.


Was I supposed to say something?


He's stunned. [cheering]


So we go get a letter and we go back to Emon and clear our name.


I'd say 200 yards out.


Do I see Cerkonos?


No, I am in favor of Slow over Invisibility. I want to kill them.


That was a six. Is that for me?


I might need to leave the table for a while.


Let's just keep running.


It's a bad guy's house, so it'll be fine.


Talking to the guy. We're bonding, man. These guys are pretty okay once you get to know them.


I didn't see any other ones.


We have a couple around.


Look at it this way  one path we could take is that you are the mastermind who hired the right people for the job and everything is perfect. The other path, we talk about how we came in and fixed things you could not.


I can rub it on your back for you.


God, you're so heavy, Tiberius, god!


It is going to be aired during Talks Machina this week, in place of our normal show, so if you miss it, you get to see the full panel in its entirety.


So the passage to the castle I'm aware of is to the west, and then the one that Stonefell mentioned is to the east?


Before finding your friend.


Is this one of the ones where his eye is missing, is he one of those guys?


That's a lot of matching robes.


Sure, I thread the cart, but you have the thingy.


And I'll sing a song of inspiration for Grog.


Vasselheim. Whitestone.


We're very grateful.


I don't know. Was I?


Ointments.


Nature-y things. I can ask it about--


I told you--


Well, I could probably get all three. What else do you have?


Maybe we can chain him up to something while we sleep.


So what's around?


LED six!


Well done.


That's with the bonus.


Just making sure that I can do this.


How, how--


Don't take any offense, but no. I make it disappear.


(growling) (nervous humming)


I can, but I think it'd also hit you. It's a straight line.


You're going to just shoot something in there? What if they see it fly in?


Can Clarota be on the carpet, then?


I give Kerr a big hug.


The far one in the back. Yeah. And I'll look for the symbol.


I wrote down Dermis, yeah!


Well, should we leave her in peace? If she has work to do, we should leave.


But it doesn't quite have the same effect without his head. Do you still have that head? In fact, I think I might have the head. Did I put it in my bag of cold?


You look beautiful.


Including the silverware?


One. Eight!


Also, we know that people are looking for these type of rebels. If we can see a board ratting people out, so can other people. We don't want to get caught in a sting operation, for lack of a better term.


It's definitely like an iPhone contract.


I'm gonna cast Detect Magic.


Circus shitty.


I'm going to lick it.


That guy knows.


That's the one. Thanks, everybody.


They're really clean naked bodies now.


We're going, we're on the way, we're going. Unless you want to fuck with this tower a little bit.The tower is super interesting to me. It's 400 feet tall, no doors.


Aw, too helpful. You're being too helpful!


Diameter.


I'm cool. I'm cool on these desert nights, and I need something to warm me up at night, so that's why I was inquiring about this spice.


Just strength saving throw?


What other weirdo would name themselves Meat Man?


Feet?!


I can probably lift that door bar from inside.


The Iron Lot.


Guess who was on this week, you guys?


So we have sword of Kas, bloody knight, what he's trying to do to prevent his binding, weakness/fears, and display of power.


Of course you can. I scan around for Avantika.


That's adorable.


Let's find your brother.


Ah. Well, good question.


A slight shimmer?


Meanwhile, I'm telling my table a story about how I won a cannonball contest last night.


As we go, I just want to Druidcraft little green pebbles. No, let's do brighter-- red pebbles to start leaving behind Hansel and Gretel style.


If there's money involved.


Laura, twice.


The influence of other planes of existence sounds promising.


We made it off the Titanic!


I float up to the edge of the mouth of the cave and say, (whispers) Scanlan?


Go stab everyone, Percy. One at a time.


What? Parts of the symbols are glowing more.


The town square's emptying out?


I'm picturing a public access infomercial.


Ten. So 18.


No, nothing, she didn't say anything.


Badass Pike!


What! Vex!


(counting) 25 damage.


Then why go through the crypt?


We didn't know she was the captain.


It's just cold.


How much money do I have left over from his hundo?


That those things come back.


At first, I thought it was some sort of evil gassy dog.


The Squallbeater. The Balleater!


What do you guys want to see? What do you want to do when we're here?


You want to see one on the 405 one day, don't you?


Is it auto-crit?


But this is a brainstorming session, everything's positive.


I don't want to demean him, but his performance is--


That's dope.


Scanlan, can you and I focus our Call Lightning spells together? To Lightning these--


And trap him in.


Is that what that song is about?


Diver's Grave?


It was, like, a thousand gold?


Is that a record?


Oh, yes. 24 of them.


I go over to Fjord while we're taking a break. Hey, did you find anything out from Avantika? About, you know, shit that you guys have in common?


I'm not moving!


That drink?


There's one of him and however the fuck many of us.


Okay. Oh, fuck.


Really? That's fucking amazing. Are you serious?


Just any of them.


I have an idea! What if we put on the red cape and then it does something if the statue behind the red thing sees it?


I walk up behind her and I go, huh!


I just disappeared.


That dryad can help kill him now.


Huh? (laughter)


But I don't have eyes on her? So I can't inspire her?


Eight points.


Well, you can't see the show if you have a weapon on you.


After a rest, I'm going to sleep.


What do you mean, "Tary?" (laughter)


And we're coming from?


Part of me really likes the way fire feels. That's it.


So happy for you.


Fuck it, this is what I worked for. I'm going to go for it and try and do two shurikens right at his face. Three-quarters cover. First one is a 14 plus seven, so that's a big old 21! And then nine plus seven is a big old 16.


Yeah. Scared of school.


Can I also spend some time practicing a Protection from Energy potion?


Well, I do. And my sister's going to kill me, specifically.


When are you clever folk going to get in his head?


Siff Duthar!


Rotisserie chicken!


But that's all of their turns, right?


Well, should we try again with someone who has better perception?


So fucking easily.


After all this time, you finally saved them.


We can use that.


(singing Peter's Theme from Peter and the Wolf)


And show us all the best gifs.


I can't go get him, though, 'cause the other dick lord is still on the map.


You get a whole other language?


Oh shit. I fly up into the hole in the ceiling--


We could destroy it.


Thank you, Randall. You've made me a very happy small man.


So put him in the water.


She was going to come to the castle.


Should we walk the cart off?


Okay. Then I'll duck back behind some cover. And as my bonus, I still get a bonus, I will inspire Grog and I'll say, Grog! Now it's your turn to fuck shit up. (laughter)


If you want this to poop coins, I don't think you should do that too much.


I need some quiet time.


My rod can become anything, you understand.


Earth elemental! (laughter)


With the cone. I want this to work.


Rick is my name.


If we can't help him, you're going to have to help someone else to make up for the lost karma.


That's where I'll be.


Please stand by.


Yeah, take a look at him, Pike.


Good morning.


I'm cool!


Oh, no, we got this one! This one's on us. Your money's no good here! I'll fucking kill you if you try to pay!


Of course, Fjord.


LePual.


Do you have any little toys that Kiri would like?


I go and ask. I walk into the-- come, are you hungry?


Stitch monster.


Yeah, you wrote it down.


I've never actually been to a grave before.


Does that freak anybody else out?


Yay. Do you roll for all 15?


She's really nice.


Yeah, this is awesome. Does he still have the blessing?


Do we have to find Dolan now?


Come on, dude.


Are we supposed to go research the lodestones before we go to bed, right? The ones that are failing?


Dope. So, I'm going to make a doughnut-shaped dance floor, and I'm going to make a hole in the middle to where he's still in the middle in the bone, but we're all on rock. Around this area.


A romance novel.


Do we feel anything? Does it feel weird, like any type of, I don't know, energy? Something? Caduceus, I look at Caduceus.


She grabs her holy symbol and flips it the bird and Turns Undead.


Oh. I pass it down the line. The shells have been devoured!


Tomorrow's a long day.


Okay, well, I see you guys are flying? The two of you?


Feet are passe.


How far can I get? About that far. And while I'm running I'm just going to take-- Oh hello, where are we? There we are. I'm just going to take two pot shots at him as I'm running by.


Oh, that's it, yeah. Three!


No, the birds. That's 13 points of damage plus one lightning.


Yeah. Plus zero.


(sings) Everybody's still alive for the time being.


But Vex, you're my best friend!


Can we just take a moment for the carpet, please? We've had a lot of good times with that carpet.


I don't trust you.


I'm going to try to very gently, maybe, with everyone's permission I'm going to gently start cutting into the bottom of it, not too deeply.


Where am I relative to everybody else?


I'm not coming with you?


I can throw up a wall of stone to block the tunnel we came from, and then we go and we do the other stuff.


All right. I will ritually Identify that. What's that all about?


I was trying to be stealthy, as well.


Oh, the orchard, that's right.


Where do you hail from?


I Druidcraft a little tulip and give it to her.


What have you learned of the one you do have?


I would suggest that we-- there's bars here, right? In Vasselheim? They drink, don't they?


All right. What tavern are you in?


Smoke them if you got them, man.


That was easy.


(singing) Oh, moon weaver!


Maybe it would be good to block it off.


I'm getting bored.


All right, I will peer down into the ice below us with my 21 perception.


If only we could close the barrier to the--


I'm putting down one of the swords. We're having a very weird day.


That's his eye.


I will cast it again using an action, next to me.


No, he's not.


If we're keeping our distance-- how many people are seriously considering fluffernutter? Show of hands. Can we put that to bed now?


--Is the arm part of a dead thing or is it alive?


It’s on my phone now. We switched.


Disruption. I think so, yeah.


In one round. Yeah.


A little bit of both.


Oh, the dragon one.


Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books. It's actually kinda hard.


No problem. This is why I look over your shoulder even when my math is bad.


Oh, then let's go.


Into the water?


Less than a hundred? If you're lucky.


Yeah, Trinket wants to be by my side, you guys.


When I was bending the water back, we were kind of in that area, right? That was that area, but the lake--


What kind of things? From where?


If you can figure out a way to use one of these to create a Plane Shift that you'll feel comfortable with, then I'm all right with that.


I don't think it matters, though.


The law of Vasselheim, for not getting branded?


I'm coming up, right?


I mean, we have in the past. If we are confident we can get away with it, we would. We could--


Does that bring him back to consciousness?


One more time? Sorry, I can't hear you very well.


Half the audience is going, "yeah." And half the audience is going, "what the fuck are they talking about?"


I figured it's like one of those things, that if you're going to get caught, you might as well tell the truth because it's easier to remember. I don't know. I panicked.


Are we dexing it down, right?


All right. I'll spend as much time then, I'll stay up as long as I can throughout the night. If I hear any disturbances I'll come back to the mansion.


A holy dick.


Wait, hold up.


That's it. Aw, no.


Like a people mover?


Just going to kick her up out of the bog.


Can we all see this?


Wow, Gilmore, this is too much! Really. This is amazing. You're such a kind, generous soul.


Let's find out, right?


I mean, I assume she's a cultist. Maybe she just is a very nice religious person.


I don't, either. We could get them and just figure it out as we go.


Into the corner. Face the corner for a minute.


(sighs) You're bigger. All right, I will do the old classic. I'm going to Polymorph Grog into a giant eagle. The old standby. The giant eagle trick, if you'll accept it.


Those guys? They'll make it worse.


I'm going to stay there.


There's also maps downstairs. I don't know that, he knows that, never mind.


Not with what we got.


(air hissing) (as Kylo Ren) I have come from a galaxy very far away to talk to you about Tor Books. Tor Books is America's largest-- (laughter)


It's me, you idiots!


I'll let you leave the castle.


Is there a way to track the hit dice in (singing) D&D Beyond?


Technically speaking, you've been on salary.


She made him bend the knee.


Yeah! They're scared of her!


No, I will stay there and huddle closer to Mollymauk. Did you step out?


I think I'll wait it out if I'm in a relatively safe place, because I can't really do anything for you guys, anyway. You're on your own.


That's a good idea. We certainly can't carry it anymore; it's very impractical.


Can I see if I detect a bell?


(sings) Letters, we've got letters.


We could do a little circley-poo and put Cali in the middle as bait, and then when it comes to attack, we spring the trap!


Squeakers!


Yeah, if we can keep him controlled. I can get him mind-controlled on our team for 30 days.


How far away is Jester from me now?


Because it's our ship.


Can I do fanatical focus?


I can't even see myself with this roll.


Slip in.


(negative noises)


You haven't even played with your hammer yet!


You did punch a cow.


I'm offended at this, guys. My spots are not controversial in any way.


Oh, I'm fine, I'm just fascinated by all things wizard and I want you to succeed, that's all. I have great faith in you, I know you'll do great things, and I just want to help you get there.


We're getting better! Plus my inspiration from paddling.


Yes, they will!


Was it gators?


Oh! Well, all right. I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on the most damaged one.


I'd really owe you one, Eskil. Just a quick message?


We're here to stop a murderer.


Oh, I did that wrong.


Oh, advantage. Right. I got it. 19.


I don't know that!


Spending 45 feet to get there? Once I'm in ten feet, as a bonus action I cast Vow of Enmity on him. To start. I have no idea if I'm in range? It doesn't seem like I'm in range, but I don't know. But that's within ten feet of him?


No, we've got to get the wyverns inside. If anything flying overhead sees these bodies, they know something's been attacked.


But it's just a baby!


Oh, you have inspiration!


That'd be so fun.


Oh, like raptors.


I mean, I'm not going to get anywhere higher in the order.


-- a nerd as pure as the other.


Oh yes, that's true. But there's the in-town people we can meet first.


Are we in the front, or the middle, or the back?


Crossing the streams.


That's definitely Vex.


As I took off I just said, "Doty, on me!" So he's coming.


One more shot. You can do this!


But you run the place.


Like a claw, like a crab.


Well, I may have signed a contract with a devil.


Send him on a mission.


Do you like her a lot?


I don't have any magic. I can heal a little bit and that's it. What are you talking about?


Are we in a room? We should be in a room instead of in the--


So much better than us.


You'll see. It be fabulous.


Yeah, that's true, I'll check out the eyestalks.


Well, you said you got that nice little sphere there; anything else we should know about, maybe?


I feel like I want to stay with Caleb, in case.


You eat like a fourth of a cup of playa dust at the end of that week. At least.


Same target, with an added fire bonus. Three fire damage and 17 as well.


Six more attacks!


A tantalizing offer. You said you had others?


Damage anything.


(mumbles) Something rhymes with world.


I could take one.


A-squared plus b-squared equals c-squared? C'mon.


So I held up that rod, clicked it, and then it was pulled out of the body pretty close to where I am right now. When it went, did I see air? Did I see daylight, when it went out of there?


Okay, I'm going to scratch that. I'm going to scrap that right now. I am going to do an 8th-level Sunburst right in his face. 12d6.


Scanlan's never killed anything.


Not that I can remember. Not that I know.


So maybe standing there is not necessarily the--


All right, eat up, let's go.


Yeah, I mean, yeah.


I will take that as a compliment, thank you. What are you guys doing here, are you shopping? What do they have in there?


I'm in the wall.


Let's do that. I cast Crown of Madness on one of the guards.


It was awesome, though. Then he just walked off into the sunset.


I'm-- No.


But he hasn't announced it.


Or an insatiably powerful enemy.


I will inspire Vex. I will sing to her. I will sing, (singing) you don't need anybody else. When I stand beside you, I touch you, elf. Whoa. (laughter)


Leroy!


Then get the fuck out of here.


Oh, just a conversation with the Many.


You know, it was probably you told such a good story, they're just fascinated by you now.


Yeah, 150 feet from the tree.


Guys-- (cough) if we could just make our way out of here, in as cool a way as possible... If I fall, just pick me up like Weekend at Bernie's, okay? (all laugh)


Do we still have the cart, and the two horses?


Should we all be in disguise?


And I Hunter's Mark the guy attacking near Percy and Scanlan and I shoot two arrows into him.


Yeah, let's do it! Sorry, Fjord. He hasn't taken any damage, step back. He still has Armor of Agathys, too.


Shale, what type of magic do you wield, exactly?


Matt, if I may be--


There's blankets. We can take the blankets.


Maybe we should do our dance to distract his competitor now.


Okay, cool! All right! Right. I'm going to roll all my dice, and then double that, then add my extra things. How about that?


Can we come into it?


Thank you. It is kind of cool. I have this persona, and people know who it is, and when I go places, they're scared of me a little bit.


Close our eyes and show reverence to her.


Yeah, that's what I thought. Green ears and then like the-- anyway. Sorry, I'm getting distracted from what you asked me. That happens sometimes. Just give me a nudge and I'll get back on track. There's something out in the swamp. There's somewhere, like a smuggler's holdout or like a storehouse, I think maybe.


How do I do that for the dog?


How do you know what the Traveler's like? Do you hang out with the Traveler too?


Let’s see what we can trade around maybe.


Because he's like swinging at that dude so I'm like up his keister.


Fuck you, Sylas.


Feels like eleven weeks. It feels like a very long time.


We leave.


That's 22.


(deep voice) I'm back! Can I do like a cool, monk-like kick and go pop pop! Like two unarmed attacks as I kick-kick with my legs?


I may be a liar but I'm never a betrayer. I'm honest in my work, and I believe in doing a good turn. I've never cheated you out of money. I've never robbed from you. I stayed with that circus for two years, I know how people treat each other. It's important. And all that stuff you told me before? I've got to admit, I didn't even listen to any bit of it. I was just trying to teach you a lesson. I don't care where you've been. I don't care what terrible things any of you have done. You're here now. This is how it works.


Oh, just you and I?


On myself. (laughter)


He's got like two hit points. Fuck that guy. I'm going to try to disable the giant, larger threat than Phil, which probably won't work, but it's worth a shot. I will point at the barbarian and say: Oi, I'm thinking of removing my spine because it's only holding me back! I will cast Hideous Laughter on the giant thing.


With the bonus.


Vexed, that's a good word.


There's only six or seven of them. We're super powerful.


What? (laughter)


Destroy.


Hey, there's Grog.


I'm going to wait. I'm going to see. I'm going to save some action. Real fast, just in case-- and I whack him with the staff.


Wait, I'm at one?


I'd just like to point out, this is like the Avengers trailer, where all the heroes run out and jump at the same time. (all laugh)


He might not be home.


I need more from you if you want anything from me. I don't trust you anymore. Besides. I put the gun to the hand of Lady Briarwood and pull the trigger. The gun's broken anyway. I drop it. I'm not satisfied. I want my money back.


I do. Why?


That's cool. It's meant as an intimidation tactic. It's this high-pitched screaming cricket chirp that rushes in, so that's where the term "Crick" comes from. It is used in a derogatory fashion towards individuals who live within the empire of Xhorhas and Kryn. The book talks about them dueling wits, finding common ground, and getting angry at each other and murderous, then turns into this torrid love affair in this very Anthony/Cleopatra feel to it. It's very dry. It's an older book. It doesn't match some of the imaginatory flair of some of the other smut that you briefly perused as you were walking in the bookstore earlier. You glean a little bit of information, should this be accurate at all, of some of the relationships or dynamics of the empire and the Xhorhasian folk that live beyond the border.


It's hanging brain.


I'm multi-tasking.


Did we use the Dust of Tracelessness?


Take it!


I would watch every episode of that. I would correct nothing.


Let's Misty Step there--


Unless they want us to think it's the path that they've trapped.


Are you sure? I thought you were both raging. There's no halves!


I could put him in the necklace and maybe stabilize him? I don't know.


Aren't you part of them?


He's in this room.


No, the back door, the back door!


I'm a monster.


I can forge paperwork, as well.


17. Plus three lightning damage. And then... 16 plus two lightning damage. And then for my bonus action, Trinket's gonna-- and it was Sneak Attack, because there's something next to him, huh?


There's no way to fucking sleight of hand this shit, is there?


You're aiming at-- Sorry, I just got so scared, I heard my name.


You have a flying carpet?


How do we get her-- Keyleth, we need vines! 11, that's a success.


We go to wine country. And then I work on the propagated sprig from the Sun Tree and continue to build it out, hopefully on the ley lines of the planet, and I take the feather that Pike gave me from Vax and I embed it into the trunk of the tree as well as any other relics from the Raven Queen I can find. Care for ravens as much as I can.


I had a dream about Pumat Sol attacking us.


You're such an asshole.


Didn't Molly have--? [cheering]


Look forward to doing business with yous.


Hits.


37, by the way.


Who? Did you say Mario?


I turn to Nott and say  Are we still fighting this thing?


Yes! I'm never going. I'm going to just have a snack.


I don't need this at all, but I just wanted to play with it. That's me right there.


Oh, so it's the food.


Thank goodness.


So coincidental. That's exactly what Grog offered.


(whispering) One point!


(bubbling)


Pick a leg.


This language spell runs out in an hour, let's speed this up.


Okay. Oh shit. It's that fucking sword. Right.


It was really amazing.


Find another geocache! Come on!


Well, I'm worried that we're all going to die in the Nine Hells.


There's a dragon. Where is it?


I'm just going to look down that hall.


Hold on. I send Frumpkin to get down by my hand to look up so that I can look at what I'm grabbing, to make sure that it is not one of those bags with teeth or something that I have read about in fairytale stories.


Wait, cutting webs?


That makes me want an empanada right now.


The dragon one.


Daggers.


Do we want to check the wall?


Spiders!


It's going to mock my cover, isn't it?


What if one day you died because of that?


Do I feel high? Like Freddie did when he consumed the little orb of-- ?


Damn, son!


Oh, Desmond.


Do I see anyone coming?


It wouldn't get the two guys down--


I'll take that one. I'll swim.


Anyway, it's called Signal Boost, and there's actually going to be a never-before-seen promo airing during the intermission, but yeah, I'm hosting the first run, and I'm producing it, and Sean Becker is directing it, and it's written by Eric Campbell, so it should be very fun.


That's an afterthought.


Is there a registry or something like that?


We are golden gods.


How much chocolate have you been eating? And for how long? Whoa. Oh, wow.


You can't? Hey, Pike, do you know Haste?


Hell, yeah. I look like an Ed Hardy tattoo. (all laugh)


But it did seem like this is not enough.


60 foot, right through them? Can I?


We can't leave this duergar behind though, we gotta take him out.


Yeah. I don't feel like they're telling the whole truth, but I think something's there, and I can't seem to get to the bottom of it.


(old man voice) Did Avantika finally do it? Did she finally do it?


Okay. I run up as far as I can, 30 feet. Do I see this motherfucker?


Lentils.


Put in under my-- okay.


Beautiful. Can I move to where I'm in a nice pretty line with a Briarwood and Cassandra? Over here? And Sunbeam!


Eat it. Make them all eat it.


Not much! Gnome, Marquesian, and Common.


Good jug.


(singing) Ghost puncher!


I think to not be frightened.


Fight club!


We're not entirely sure what happened here.


Can you do anything as a paladin? Can you do anything?


And then when anyone finds out that we did it they'll be like, "Good for them for killing those bastards," right?


Purple hearts, green stars! Purple hearts.


Grog and Keyleth. I start pulling them through-- that's all right. Out the door. Along the hallway towards the voices.


I'm going to hold my attack for the door that--


This astral projection is very hard to hold. (laughter)


While listening to all that, Vax slid his hand into Keyleth's and quietly listened to the whole thing.


I have 16.


Grog had some brass knuckles to get. Was that a thing? Did we get those?


And then-- Wait for me to finish my thought. Stay with me. And then, you fight K'Varn. You kill beholder.


Something very small. Like a moth, a white moth.


Move the rug.


We've never really discussed what I was doing down there.


I think something.


Take a shot?


Does he have a goofy run?


I'll put it on Instagram later.


Like, by the rakshasa, probably?


Yeah! Disadvantage would mean it was--?


On and off.


Cinc-ture?


None of us remember that. At all.


Do we know enough to scry?


Oh god. Does it look like it's hurting at all?


We all rage.


Just to be clear, the temple of what?


(giggles) So smooth. Yeah, little balcony ledges that they can go on.


We would like to talk to J'mon Sa Ord or his or her advisors to seek advice.


And somebody else's hotel room will get us clean.


I Druidcraft a little twig and hold it into the light column.


We have a music room. I actually have a trombone.


Oh, she has it?


Where's my ring?


How much was that?


Fuck it.


Yeah, when we were in his plane of existence, and we encountered that big tree rock monster, and I just happened to take Command Plants, and he happened to be a plant monster, so it just worked out perfectly, and I was just like, "we don't wanna fight you! back down." and avoided an entire battle.


In your mind, so many things--


(hums) I hum back at it.


You know that word!


Getting flashes.


But what does it look like? (laughter)


You mean, what physical attribute would we increase, or what would you want the tattoo to be a picture of?


Like something was eating them?


Okay. How far away is Nott from me?


Now ten percent more realistic  Critical Role.


Does it turn into a pearl?


(whispers) It's probably a lot of money, so we should open it up in the rooms.


No, I just styled it a little bit differently.


In the foot.


All better now.


Is it a 20 or is it a what?


All right. Get on, Yoda.


I know Grog is dextrous, so Grog can take it. Sorry, Grog. But I want to start here and go backwards. Towards you.


I mean, I always have pants on.


That would be a seven. 15.


How do you pronounce that first name?


I would like to go check my room out and see how it is. See if it's okay, any damage.


Point of order. I know roughly how far Vecna is, right? So I should be able to tell, as we're getting closer, roughly how much distance? Halfway up the tower, three quarters, et cetera?


That's the first one?


I'm going to pick some as we go.


That is a 17 to hit! Nine points of damage!


No, ein bisschen.


17, no 19.


There's some words here that might be a clue to the code word. Basically, we need to find the code word. What do we know about Gern?


Because I don't trust you, old woman.


Should we check the tombs?


Pike might even be an emotional trigger.


What'd you get?


That's all my movement to get there?


Want to go at the same time?


When I communed with nature?


I'm going to walk Kiri away from this for the moment and say, after an hour has passed of me doing this ritual spell: For the moment, I can understand you as clearly as you can understand me. Do you want to tell me anything about your time in this swamp or what you want to do with yourself, now that you are alone or how we can best help you? Or anything you want to tell me.


Bringing up the rear this time, Grog.


I want to watch them as far as I can to try and pinpoint a direction that they're heading in.


I rolled a 16, is that enough to actually stealth?


There was that moment when you two were falling to your deaths before we entered the titan. You were away from me, so it's possible that he knows.


Five. (clears throat) Five.


I'm always ready to make a damn fool of myself.


Go underwater.


Oh my gosh, that can go in any direction.


I'm just gonna yell at him really loud.


Why did you wear wings?


She did; she said there was one other chosen besides herself and now me.


Well, you will once my book comes out.


Is this rock tartare? Oh my god. We used to serve this all the time in the Air Ashari. It was a delicacy in the Earth Ashari.


You should get some distance.


So if I got in the middle of the area and cast Locate Object, it would do a really big radius. It would reach at least the top of the buildings.


A plan?


God, I hate him.


I was, as well. The twins were scrabbling at the rock.


Actually, could I roll for perception or insight to see if he's telling the truth on everything?


I didn't learn it. Not for today. I thought Pike's magic would hold up.


What the fuck do we have in this world except for moments with each other? That's all we've got.


Who picks the card? Or should we--


I know. Your inner insecurities cannot be the cause of Vox Machina's death.


Oh, right before the day goes?


I'm not that charming.


They are going to Shadycreek. They are probably going to take them to The Sour Nest, that's where they--


Yeah, me, too. SHITs forever.


Whoa! What just happened?


You don't have to drink it--


Nah, but we make happy stuff.


Someone go deal with Beau.


Did we wait the short amount of time for Detect Magic?


Nope. Dang it. The second rolls are always really good! That is an eight.


Yeah, we should--


Yay, Matt!


Yeah. Let's put a little distance between ourselves and this place and this gentleman and I will send Frumpkin out to have a look.


Ten. Yeah, bust out that compass.


Yeah, Yorda.


That probably would be smarter than what I'm doing.


I have resistance to both, so it's 68?


He's shy.


Help you pay for a new roof, maybe.


I have ways.


Ridiculous. They're going to be dead in a day.


There's seven of them!


We want the same thing here. Get over yourselves. Both of you. We share a common purpose. We are going to end this fucking bullshit. Kima, we have come here for you. Pay us the respect that we have earned. We have come a long way for you. He is an unlikely ally, but he has gotten us to this point. And together, for this moment and this moment only, we can work together. We don't have to be school chums or buddies in a week from now. But right now, right here, we will work together and achieve the same thing. What say you, Kima?


Are you familiar with anyone in the farming area just outside of town?


Should I try to pull it out?


Yeah, that's what I mean.


Oh no. Against ignorance, against bravery that should never have been. And that's why I'm here and they're not, because I ran, you see. I'm your future. You'll all be gone. You and you and you and you and you, and you'll be left.


They came back from the dragon. But still, these are like kids, right?


We don't want to rock the boat here, by all means.


You feeling that double?


We're building a trap. Where would you put them?


I cast Sending.


Are there any more moorings or-- did she get off--


In comparison to the world events--


I know my beauty regimen's changed.


Why do we want to go down there? There's crazy people down there!


Yeah, three really quick announcements. Number one is tomorrow we're going to be starting early for some special programming because you guys tweeted at us and told us that you wanted us to, so Erika and Josephine are going to be playing Tomb Raider at 1PM tomorrow; that's not on our schedule, but you guys wanted us to do it, and Amy's going to come out and join them, because Amy's really excited about the game, too. So, those wonderful ladies will be playing that at 1:00, and then we have Taliesin joining us for Group Hug tomorrow. (cheering)


We're here. We're with you.


Three, two, one. Six.


Oh, that's right.


Well, do you think it would be safer somewhere? Do you think there's something you could conjure, perhaps, around it? Or should we move it to another room?


Was it Pelor? Does Pelor have a book?


Ah, you know, I've been worse. It's okay. I'm okay.


Oh, I couldn't tell you. It was my parents, I was just wee by the time that happened.


Two plus the four. 13!


Your cape is looking really nice, Vax.


All of us get arrested.


We worry about that later?


I mean, I guess I'm going to back away from it, since I made it worse.


Am I mistaken? You're really damaged still?


Okay. How far away am I from this guy, like-- roughly how many feet?


I'm laughing.


Tiger’s resistance?


That advantage saved that whole thing from going tits-up, because that first roll was (explosion).


I find that very reasonable.


I will spend my action seeing if there's any rope lying around, and trying to tie the man's hands up.


Is that a bad thing?


I know what you're asking. I didn't have any other dreams. It was fairly restful.


How close am I to one of the human form ones?


A beartrap!


It's like Venice.


I was also curious if the tears felt like crocodile tears, or--


In my opinion, the gods are generally bored and looking for things to do.


You be good.


I'm sorry. I guess I was raised with a different appreciation for money, but Pike, your family came in and robbed us and you gave them a bunch of gold. Then this person kidnapped me, and you want to give her 5,000 gold.


Well, should we go plunder some mines and kill some goblins?


All right. We'll take the book. Tary? You want to come with us or the twins?


One day down. Two days down!


Can we try to memorize their faces? Of everybody that was here?


It's nice to know Burt Reynolds is still around.


This feels so weird to say after you mentioned that.


Kind of blanched complexion, orange hair?


Matt will have to make it -


Even more. Then I am going to cast Invoke Duplicity. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity! She's going to run forward and stand next to Fjord!


I've never seen anyone in a dragon mask before.


I can bring you to her.


How's the menu?


I shout  Gilmore! Before I go though.


It is glass on the top, so we could try to Sunlight the head?


I'll let you do it.


I'm gonna bless you before you go. So you can be sneakier.


I want to go to him, to touch him-- but I want to make sure that there's nothing that is going to trigger something else.


I go, "Tee-hee-hee, shh."


Oh great Rimefang! What a glorious moon you are amidst the stars of your treasure.


I didn't say Blazing Bowstring.


Ask her.


Yes! I literally have! Fuck!


Oh, I have a rumbly in my tumbly.


I love that from his perspective, you were like, "If the whip hits the floor, come after us." (footsteps) (yelling) (crashing)


Yeah, well. Yeah, we definitely do that.


There's eight. One of us would have to stay behind.


Give you a place to put down your things for a bit.


Go for it, that's exactly what Grog would do.


Ten is better than nothing!


Vaguely west.


All right, well, we're all going to die.


That got weird.


I lean out the window. Hey, Sprigg!


Eat a bag of dicks!


What the fuck? (laughs) I know. Paint chips.


O Ioun, O goddess of knowledge, O lord who knows all. You know. But I don't. Let me ask you a question. And you'll see I didn't phrase that as a question because I know how gods work, and that probably would have been my question and then I might as well have just talked to a turnip. Which I've done. Found it pleasant. That being said, this is my question. The next thing out of my mouth is going to be my question. Why did you choose me to be your key? I'm nothing. I'm a coward. Why would you ever choose me?


That's not great--


Well, I have no idea what we're going to face.


That's a chill-as-fuck duck, y'all!


Do you know where?


Oh, come on. Seven points of damage.


Look what I caught!


Okay, and then with that knife in, I'm going to stick the other knife in and attempt to attack it and then drag it to the ground. Grapple it to the ground with my body as I attack. Second attack is a 25.


18 points of damage, plus the same thing. Everyone gets this-- So everyone gets advantage.


Okay, hold on a second, Vax, just chill out for a minute. We all just took a little damage this last time.


It would just be about making us less vulnerable to the mind--


Okay, I will do that, I want to know that tongue guy, that looks like me-- is he dead or is he alive now? They gave him to some stalker, some stalker!


Seriously? Seriously?


That's cocked as hell.


Maybe they're really jammed in there good. Maybe it's because there are so many, they don't shake around.


Look at that! Look at that.


We could use that to our advantage.


That's 14 points of damage, plus three damage of fire.


Tell him we say hello.


It's not so bad. Good job, Grog.


Yeah, they're members-only jackets.


Sure! I'd like to think so, yes.


Okay. I'm going to hustle back to the roof.


It's supposed to be a distraction, all right-- And then I use a bonus action to be like: everyone inside!


I'm going to stay where I am. And I'm going to keep yelling. Help! I don't think I have an earring.


Why are you cupping the balls under your mouth?


Indeed. I'm sure their employers are not fond of thieves in their midst.


Yeah, it's a southern thing.


I try to wrap my legs around, but they don't go.


Do you want me to come in? Are you okay?


Is it saying something?


With dex?


Ooh, another four, so what did I say?


Okay, I'm back. Oh my gosh.


We're going to hide behind the rubble.


Do me proud!


What is that? Do you guys have like a nightlight?


You busted a ball.


That's not that bad. Where's my perception? There it is: 14.


Did you procure this for us?


30 feet?


I crit on an 18. Son of a bitch! No, I don't! Fuck me.


Don't fuck me Gil. Oh, Gil. Did he get an advantage, though, because he sniffed out people?


The other thing we could do is find a place on the Menagerie Coast a good ways away from where we departed and some of us could try to find a crew. Also, we left the cart behind.


We could just set a fire down here.


Well, I'm going to leave because we're all three down here and go back up to the top and keep an eye.


I'm going to back up next to Tova. Wait, who's the big guy? What's that big thing? Is that Doty?


Right, well, let's get it up to the top and then halve it. So 32 to 64 plus six is 72 halved.


Maybe I've become terrible.


Don't worry, I still have my lips. (blows whistle) (laughter)


He has a strength saving throw?


At least you got one for free.


No, have you?


Drop it! Drop it!


With that?


Bacon?


No, I would like to take 12 hours to read my book.


The table, Sam, the table!


I'd be like  Eat shit, fucko.


How will he do zingers now?


In the center of town.


Our meal is still active, as well. We need the benefits of that. Plus, there is a rebellion going on. It's been, what, an hour? Two hours? They're probably mostly dead by now.


Yeah. I'm in favor of that.


Frederick.


Chains coming down? Or no, two chains from the ceiling.


Feathers. Feathers.


Yeah, we're gods!


Can we check the bodies for anything?


We can't HALO drop in this bitch?


With the plus ten.


Well, they have all my things and they have all my family. I'm going to figure out what is going on. Try and find out what's actually doing this. I assume since it's none of us, it's going to happen again.


It was really good, Matt. You did a great job. I watched it on the cab ride home from the airport.


Why don't you give me ten platinum.


Yeah, she can get us out of this.


Oh dang we were going to pass it around.


I race towards Kern, and I duck down as if I'm going to go into a form tackle towards his waist. I take a step to the side at the last second and wrap my arms around his waist from behind, pick him up to DDT him over my shoulder. (cheering)


Start healing everyone.


It comes to a stop.


They have wyverns who have been running patrol.


Or you'll just have a great time.


Right. Can I reach around? Do I feel any dangly bits or something I might be able to yank on?


Just mull it over. Add it to your--


I-- man, nothing makes sense anymore.


And we got plenty of light in this room, correct?


Is that a lot for a horse?


Totally good.


"I have on a robe, I have on a robe!"


Do you know, Percival, what it looks like? Did you see it in your mind's eye?


What did you roll, Sam?


19 plus one.


Very tricky.


I'm waiting for the right time.


So wait, that's Johann? Or what's-his-name and his wife?


Guys, D&D Beyond has partnered with Beadle & Grimm's to paint my face. Check it out! You get $50 off. Dndbeyond.com!


I could send him to the blacksmith I went to.


I mean we already said.


What about giving her advantage because I was talking about testicles?


It's fine. Yeah?


I thought that--


What's your fucking name?!


Fuck, so it's higher than that.


Then I'm going to stealthily--


We paid way too much money to have him store our horses.


I feel like it's not really gone.


Yeah. Fair enough. We'd love to help. Just the world and everything, so.


Let's do it at the temple of Sarenrae or the temple of Pelor.


Tickles.


Thank you. (incoherent grumbling)


All right. Where do we go?


Pike's here, right? She's in the city.


Yeah, you can call us by anything, we'll both respond.


You'll bamf into yourself.


What's it say?


I'm just going to-- look at that thing!!


That was Tary's fucking automaton.


It might be a cheap joke.


Yeah, I used it. It's all gone. Just like my cat.


To fucking fall apart!


Is a real bar!


Oh, right. So I don't cast it, then. (all laugh) God damned concentration spells.


Oh my god. (cheering)


What would be the point?


I know what this is.


I never had it do that before.


Could be worse. They could not be afraid of you.


Wow, eight.


What form is Frumpkin, an octopus?


I'm gonna try to open the door, you little asshole. But I don't want you to get burned while I get burned.


Intelligence of three.


Okay, I'm using it.


It's the abyss.


It goes the other way?!


Me too. I'm so scared.


Interact with that fucking weasel.


Admittedly.


Is it an elven word?


Let's get you some ale, big man.


No, you're Jumbo, I'm Tary.


Hey, look! We picked the right way to go!


Natural 20 on the second one.


You know damn well that we're not allies. You know damn well that this is a tenuous relationship. And you know that neither of us trust the other.


I'll take that, though. I take his drink.


The wyvern.


So we can just shift in and out whenever we want? With an action?


All right. All right, give us a second, my sister and I will.


Yeah, Come on, man. I've been half-elf since day one. Half-elven. Yes! You can see me shooting lightning and turning into awesome animals.


I'm not going to, Caleb.


And Vox Machina. (quietly) Does she know we're called that?


A day's rest? All right.


Right, right, right.


That is a six.


It feels good, doesn't it?!


Oh. (group laughs)


That is very agreeable.


Beer?


'Aw, man!'


I've got two more shots. And remember that you take half that damage at the end of your next turn.


Me? I'm trying to climb up onto the rock that is right there that I didn't jump onto.


How long do you think I live?


I know, he's going to get a hit on us. I'm going to go down if I heal Beau, so I'm going to heal Beau and hope that somebody takes care of him before he kills us. I'm going to use my duplicate to reach down and touch Beau. Can I see my duplicate?


We're cracking this case wide open.


Oh, I didn't quite make it up past making the crew. I'm afraid higher duty didn't quite suit me.


Okay, then I'll do the carpenter.


Somebody asked why Tiberius is so loyal to Keyleth. Tiberius comes from a presidential family. A family of political power, of high-seating in his land, so he's very honorable, and Keyleth is royalty in his eyes. He didn't know, because that was a reveal for Keyleth's character. I think it was a year and a half, we were playing, and then you revealed it.


Archive.


No! Write it right here! I throw up a slate.


Before I go, can I borrow that ring of water walking?


And just for flavor, I take a big gust of air, a big Wind Burst and I go (whoosh) down into the lava pool. Encrusting it all.


You look way better mostly naked, so don't -


He's a very friendly bear, look at him!


Well, if no one else is going to, I think it'll be funny.


The guy, you don't know his name. What does he look like? Where have you seen him?


Oh, it was such a good bath. I'm ready to go now, I feel refreshed.


I convey what I see. I think you might have a guardian you have to fight over that hammer, Grog.


The nerdiest raver.


Ha ha! Also 22.


43?


Husband? Do you have a name other than husband?


She will.


So are we going to see an orb in the morning?


Yeah, teamwork.


You want to come in our room so you're not in the hall?


Never mind!


Where is Vecna within the city?


Then that's nine.


We still have two cultists full of magic.


I mean, we've been staying on it already, don't we have quarters on there?


Just regular?


He makes a note every time.


Got it, I got what they got.


Be aware, we only have two left.


Do you know parchment-shears-stone?


Where's my money, Taryon?


Yeah, so we're blocked from the dragon as we flee. I hope you guys weren't wanting to shoot at it, by the way.


Vax? Can I put my hand on his chest and see if I feel a heartbeat?


It's a bad idea.


Always take out the magic users first. And if we can get a few friends in whoever is in those cages, for all we know that's where they've got our people.


Which way could I shoot that he would not be in the way?


What am I good at?


Ah, Caleb.


I'll have to go set it up. Okay, I gotta run.


No, I'm not wearing a necklace.


We tried shouting. There's just no way you could hear us.


I go full Ip Man on the next attack with advantage. So everyone has advantage. Oh god, I thought it was a natural 20, but a 21 total!


Oh, I know, it's so obnoxious when someone has their hands on you and you don't want it, isn't it? Okay, let's go. (laughter)


Oh, no, I'm sorry, oh my god. I have to roll again. I'm sorry. I'm so nervous! I'm sorry. That does not hit.


If you please.


I never do. (groans) Could be worse. 14.


(cartoonish ghost noises)


I don't think anyone can make it through the gates, except for you.


Sorry. Absorbing a lot at once. Keep going.


Yes, they are--


Nila's just staring at this bird.


(quietly) Awesome, great, good stuff. (louder) That's a 20.


I think indifference is the common courtesy here to an awful lot.


Dragonborn, yeah! That's right.


That's an embarrassing 20.


What does Wall of Force do? Can I walk through that shit?


Yeah, block it!


Guns out.


Well, I grab her.


Mister Caleb, do you believe in fate? There are lots of different kinds of fate; I know that's a heavy question, but do you believe that we are driven towards something by things that are greater than ourselves? (background music)


Or he'll arrange for us to be arrested.


He's stealthing. He rolled a 28 and disappeared.


She's stone. Stone doesn't breathe. Right?


That's it, I'm out, I'm done.


Burn it all? Ooh, they're carrying weed. (laughter)


You got Ang Lee to be in your short?!


Oh, this sucks!


Stop burping! Yes you did!


Well, we got to go to the treasury.


Let's not cheap out on Scanlan here.


So positioning and ready for things to come.


Yeah, he can bite the wind.


And you had to lose that one.


Yeah, I was going to ask that.


What does it look like? Is it like a kaleidoscope?


Wait, do you guys remember-- (Matt growls and snarls)


It's a low-life area.


So, what if it's a scary thing that scares them away?


I'll go. Do you want to go first? I'll go first.


Don't walk on this lake.


So then I want to attack the Elder Brain again.


Okay. So I'm going to cast Healing Word, then, since I can't touch her.


That's amazing. That's great.


Your armor now smells like a grandmother's bathroom.


Okay. I'm going to send Trinket up to that little alcove. Keep running, no, a little further-- a little further.


I'd like to learn to read a bit more. I'd like to split some time in the temple of Kord.


You bent it!


The world is ready for two Scanlans.


We're sending ourselves as well.


Yay! Natural 20.


We'll make it work.


This is so fucked up. I'm into it.


I understand. Okay, great.


We'll just have to Seeker Asum that it happened? (laughter)


Yeah. Get ready--


It's still got some booze in there, if you want to take a slurp.


At the same time? Acrobatics. 22.


They put antlers on the antlers.


Yeah. It's a ten-foot-wide column that I just want to go back.


I didn't reckless. 11.


How much water can you displace?


I will go 25 feet the same direction Grog went in, because that's all I can run.


Yeah, but now I can't erase his fucking memory.


I give everyone the chainmail.


Did you just sitcom mug? "Okay, Allura!" (laughter)


Let's go up there!


But if she's an astral projection, can she still use the champion's blessing that she got from Sarenrae and stuff?


Let's make our way toward them, then.


No, he can't--


You've been past here before?


I have a question. If I finally go to bed for like 14 hours-- Minor Alchemy for a transmutation wizard. I am able to perform an alchemical procedure on one object composed entirely of wood, stone, iron, copper, silver, and transform it into another material. If there was damage to the mast, would I be able to shove other things in there and turn it to wood? That seems like too much.


If you need to roll a one, you can use one of mine.


I'm going to try and Earthbind this motherfucker.


Look, here's the thing--


Stormwind.


"Yeah."


If someone were to want someone with that sort of magical power, you could not provide that, but the Cerberus Assembly could?


I'm going to heal her a little bit more.


You've got it.


What do you guys think? Should we stay here? Should we go somewhere else?


Twiggy's invisible. Beau's gone. Caduceus is stone. This is going great.


Gives us time to think.


The ones around Yasha, are those the same guards or are any of these people from the ship?


And Trinket was.


Sure, I can dispel any magical stuff going on in the cages shortly after, or improvise and switch to long range destruction.


Yes, of course. I'll tell the rest of the group. We were planning on heading out to Whitestone today, but we can put that off if it's very important?


Mighty two.


I walk forward, I pull out Dagger of Venom and I drop a little bead of black down the blade and I hold it just about a centimeter under his neck. I've all run out of patience, friend. We're here to help this city and you're going to help us. Talk.


Powerful. Well, I do have one thing that seems to be pretty powerful.


We were unprepared to warn you. I'm sorry.


To the house?


The Bag of Holding is a negative space. It's not designed to sustain life.


Oh, we just stealthed.


And is she 18th level?


Decent, decent. And I will inspire Grog again, with a little ditty, I will say, (singing) You're a psycho killer, with a bearded face, Grog Grog Grog Grog Grog Grog Grog Grog Grog. Run r-- That's fine.


(strangled gibberish) Which translates to, take us as in lead us or carry us on your back?


Then would it have got to Nicodranas and to Zadash by now?


Act natural!


Nipple piercing.


Ooh. I will turn your hand into gold.


I believe it is three days.


He did, and it's just, it's in my-- so I don't have it.


Right. I wonder where her office is.


I come up from behind.


Mini Jenga.


And in addition to your excellent illusion spell--


Sylvan, Primordial, Druidic, Elven.


Yeah, it's something.


With Ophelia Mardun, who was-- yes that's what I was about to say.


Why are you jonesing for a horse?


They're all the same note because they're all fucking empty. (intones melody) Oh no, that wouldn't work.


I want to watch people as they walk away and try to read their lips as they're walking away to see if everybody seems loyal to what he said, or if anybody seems a little--


He hasn't had time to memorize all the ways he's going to fuck with you. There are that many ways.


We'll come back to you.


I'm keeping my little pearl from the beach.


I'm the leader of the Air Ashari and the Voice of the Tempest.


I go to the one that had that knight near it, right?


The golden snitch wins again.


But, we're curious about the island?


We can show it?


But you've got a complete stairway over there with boogers on it.


Oh, your eyesight is better than mine.


Guess you should have come here sooner.


No, I'm going to leave one with Vax.


Start guarding.


Give me a little bit and I'll do something to it. I don't really know what I can tell you, but I'll take a look.


It's quite all right. This has been the first sign of the Mother I've seen since leaving my home.


I can't go twice. I can just do it once.


God damn it!


Oh, you're crazy.


Up to them, quick.


No reactions and it can only do an action or a bonus action, not both, and only one attack.


Vex will be so proud of me. (laughter)


That's what I'm thinking. Yes, they're terrified, but this whole town's being ruled by fear.


Is Jameson his real name or a nickname?


Please.


Waste.


I'll recast.


But he's one of those creepy ghouls that probably doesn't speak.


Yeah. Get a little vantage on him.


I felt it.


Gotcha. Okay, cool. Second thing. I drop off my Swallow, or I'll call it the surge blade, and to have that enchanted on both ends.


Somebody do fucking something, because he shook it off.


There's a reason we're not a poor city.


They will be staring at us. What if we destroy the crystal? I wonder if all the undead would die. Let's keep going.


That's entirely possible.


This'll do.


Let's figure out how we're going to control it.


Sorry, tree. Wait, are the trees really alive?


The door creaks open again. I'm sorry, as well. (whispering) For him, he's awful.


They're caffeinated. Sorry.


Vasselheim? I've been there.


Put some shingles back.


Do we have the highest perception?


People are putting their lives on the line. Plus, Uriel is suspect now. He's been corrupted; he is not trustworthy. There's no point going back to him.


The last I see of Frumpkin is where?


I don't know if I want to wear this the whole episode. I might. I'm going to hang out. Oh yeah, save a cupcake for Jon. Wait, Matthew!


Unfortunately, the authorities think that Gustav and the circus are responsible for what happened. Actually, it's just Kylre. He wasn't what you thought he was, I'm afraid.


(sing) Too much love drives a man insane.


Yep, got to go. Got to go. Got to go.


Just don't get a lich phylactery installed in you again.


The world just ended.


I think someone has a crush!


Do something amazing, Scanlan!


Bard ass!


Bring him back in! Okay! I can't move any more, though.


Oh, sorry. Well, maybe we'll follow them to the Barn Broad.


We have two carpets, now. Matt? (laughter)


High five, Pike!


This is alternate timeline version.


I'm just trying to save time.


Does it look like-- (pained noise)


You wouldn't want me to have that sort of ability, you'd rather Caleb have it?


I do not know what it means, but "fuck."


No, I'm not talking about killing them.


Maybe we can figure out something a little bit more jerryrigged.


I'm going to use my bonus action, take a slash at that imp. I can only use it as an action, right?


Maybe we could send an errand-boy to get it?


But once we walk out of here we will be at the same level.


I certainly remembered my Charlemagne! Let my armies be the--


I feel like this guy's a good guy.


I saw that you were eyeballing the room. Alles gut?


Probably jury duty.


What would I add to that?


Me and Pike.


Can we remember with investigation or insight?


High rolls startle him.


(chuckles) Heh, math.


TGIF flair, is all that is.


I swivel out a dagger and cut right below the knot.


Here we go. 23?


Merkin.


We got 40 pounds of black dragonhide in the Bag of Holding.


Did the two that were on me attack?


So while we're sitting here, can I cast Locate Creature? Oh, wait. Here's a question that I have. How much time has passed since the last time I cast it?


I guess the rest of us can't understand the pressure of coming up with a D&D Beyond bit every week.


Nice hair.


No love!


We're seriously going to die.


Holy shit, Grog!


So am I at a disadvantage?


On a boat!


(whispers) The Gentlemen.


I didn't sign up for this shit.


Man's got to eat.


Some caverns run deep.


Side of a barn door, right?


A rousing jaunty bear-like tune.


(sounds of pain)


You don't know anything about the ritual she was talking about?


Yes, it is-- I bring word from the Mighty Nein. May I come in, please?


(shouting) Steal his heart! Take his heart!


Oh yeah, it's an eight!


As you will, if that is welcome here, but yeah. The bit about her being a traitor to the Plank King, and wanting to rule over the entire sea, and have the Plank King-- I believe the words are, if I remember correctly, because my memory is spotty, "bend the knee."


I think we wish to stay. I think--


Thank you David. Thank you for being amazing. We love you.


They're not miners.


I wipe the sweat off with my robe.


Am I with him?


Nott? Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot it was you for a minute.


Where's my dice?


Still a cemetery, though.


My wings are gone. There's no wings for Vecna unless we rest.


Mollymauk. That Jester's adorable.


Speaking of which, you're in a thing this week.


Yeah. It looks like there's pillars and shit?


Ow. I mean-- (fake coughs) eh.


It's more of a summer home.


How did you make that? How did you build that thing?


I'll be behind Vax, since we touched down first, I guess.


Yeah, I ignore half or three-quarters cover.


Can I take a step towards him?


Seems like a pretty important entrance. I don't know why that would be last on their list.


Come on, Sprigg!


Try and squeeze under? This is when a natural 20 is-- aw.


All right, let's go. On our stone airplane.


Zip?


It feels pretty public.


I push Vax in.


I enjoy gilding lilies.


Yeah, it's called Plant Growth!


We got one.


I might be able help you with that. I was obsessed with underwater life and mermaids, so I've read a few books.


Wait, wait, I go and--


Trinket stays near Grog.


20 on the dot.


I'm going to get so much shit online.


Yeah, that.


I choose the one on the left.


I don't think so. 12. Guiding Bolt!


Well, Kerr, Pike and I are both from Westruun. Yeah. Yep.


Seven damage because of the stalactites?


Want to do a little runaround?


Just saves.


It isn't. Whoever that boy was that created those things, that suffered such horrors that he felt they were justified? You have to forgive him, too. Because everything you've suffered and endured and created in that time has made you into the person you are now. And you have a brilliant mind. And any darkness that might cloud your vision on occasion, the fact that you found it within yourself to forgive her means that it will never overtake you.


Wait, could you technically do this with any refugees? I mean, where do they go when you make the door go away?


Sorry, she carries this book around. She's very precise with her notes.


Should we stop this?


And four 20s.


Oh, I'm really glad we healed.


I want to see-- I think this is a man who needs to be free so that he can be at peace with himself.


It's getting amazing reviews.


(singing) You’ve got the world on...


Just a fairy. Just a teeny little fairy.


Please, call me Kenny Rogers.


(whispers) Sorry about that!


Run zig-zags!


Was that a character-DM inside joke?


Like those weird balls filled with weird sand--


Ring!


Can I try Divine Intervention right now?


I'm going to walk up the steps and push open the door.


I mean the dragons are going to be the least of your fears if she comes back. That's what I mean.


Is there anything that's offensive? We don't want to offend anyone by accident.


Yeah, I. Yeah, no.


We're taking on water?!


This is awfully nice.


Can you draw me a map of how to get to those places?


And then you walked away.


You're gambling on jealousy.


Rogue shit!


That's probably because you just drank 15 drinks.


Get out the black light.


Okay. Well, I still have Pass Without a Trace, right? So I'm at 40.


How do we know if it's good quality, though? Can I give it a sample?


Lady Ripley lives in one of those mansions.


As a bonus action, can I do anything?


I think I did the ball first and then the powder.


We got a big fat care package from Kurtis Wiebe, who is the writer of Rat Queens, so we have collected volumes. I think the first volume or two of Rat Queens. There's some t-shirts, so some of that will probably be finding its way in. Obviously, we love Rat Queens.


They call me Sprigg. There's more. They call me Sprigg the Obnoxious.


I cast Feather Fall on him, and me, and him, and Yasha.


Not even all of us were at San Diego. Well, we were all there, just not all at one point at one time.


Let me-- you know what? Guards, can you take them to the Slayer's Cake? And I will be right there.


Oh wow. What a cool map.


Sorry, Matt!


Soul transfers?


At the very least, Vax, Keyleth at the very least.


For my bonus, I'm going to move my Spiritual Weapon and try to do the same thing and hit it.


You'll lose it when we wake up.


Yeah. That's it. (laughter)


I'll kill you in your sleep! Okay, bye!


I think Pike should stay behind to take care for--


Are you from the empire?


Is there someone in Vox Machina that you really love?


Green, lucky jade. That's okay.


That's all right. Somebody can mist back and bring her.


Hugs. Well. I'm beginning to get the idea that we're going to be intermingling with gods a little bit more, so.


Odell comma tell Viskon we have visitors. Wait, when did we hear Odell before?


Oh, great. Well, I've seen all the things explode. Fucking hell. I'm going to pull out my Vecna symbol, that necklace that we still had, and put it around my neck, because that fucking sphere is out and I don't know if it matters.


I would definitely want to learn this from you, and I probably, once I get a little more rich and I have some powdered gems, I'm going to have you do it to me.


Okay. I didn't know if there was like a rally or cry or something that you all universally believed in. There's got to be something, a symbol of Vasselheim.


And we're carrying a large ark, or a box of some sort?


I'm going to focus on the dragon because my friends are here and I'm going to cast Blink.


Can I start climbing 25 feet up the wall?


It makes no sense. Yes! It's a hollow die.


Did that make it in? That was a nuke!


Plus, we didn't get any holy water, we only got holy oil to put on our weapons.


I'll cast Inspiration on this gentleman for his throw.


I think it's Tiberius's turn. He and I have the same initiative.


But he's the one that cast--


It's just a game.


Hey, guys. We got some gifts for you from the chatroom. Some letters.


Let's head upstairs and take care of this.


Enhance Ability. So I think it's called Bear's Constitution or something weird.


Wonderful. We have the jenga. We can do the jenga!


Who said that?


Is there a little bit of vomit on there?


We will see you in the morning.


Back into a rat.


You get advantage--


I take out a piece of wire and send a little Message.


I thought you liked that hat.


I swing around and hit him with the broom.


Yay. Are we roommates?


This is terrible. Give her something flowy.


Let's not get ahead of ourselves, but thank you.


Well, we either have a 10% chance right now for her to tell us what to do--


Insight. I want to make sure she's not holding anything really important back.


We would certainly entertain that very notion. It's hard to think past any sort of a rest.


Certainly badly enough to risk these scoundrels.


Wait, you can shoot into water.


After those initial winds, I take them and keep us going for a little bit.


Well, no, they're dead now.


She doesn't come back as a zombie, right? It's raising dead.


All sorts of stuff. I don't even know if his inventory has improved since we've last been here, but he will give you a really great deal, and it'll give you a chance to prove to me how good of a salesman you are.


Let's all group shuffle out of earshot. (laughter)


Grappled and restrained.


Which is a d4 we've said, correct?


Oh yeah, okay, sneak attack. On my advantage, because of Vow of Enmity.


So that's 32 points of damage.


I don't care, I just say it anyway. I choose Vax and I choose Scanlan.


All right. 11, 21 plus psychic damage, sorry, doing math, be right with you. 58.


So I’ve been talking with Scanlan and I know he was interested in the plus two AC ring.


You can either help us get there faster, or we'll just take the long goddamn way.


I feel like we're missing something.


This is way bigger.


Wait! Can I do a Mass Cure Wounds before we leave? (laughter)


All right. I would like to use my movement to fly. It's probably not all of it, but 120 feet to get to his backside and stab him in the back.


I'm going to cat-paw try to catch the missile with Deflect Missiles. What do I spend-- Oh, wait. Oh no, wait, this is a ki point.


That's what I'm most afraid of!


On sword and cat's eye. It's whatever's sitting in my little--


Nope. Six.


That's a dex save.


That's true. But we still have to get in.


Yes, I'm 16.


Yeah, all of us.


I agree. Let's hurry it up, Merkin. Shall we?


I gave her one. I gave her a greater.


Right up the hill, gets kicked back down.


Look, this guy is funding to take care of the spinning death machine that's in your guys' basement. This should be a city-funded issue, but this guy is being a good, noble citizen and funding it himself so we can come and make a quick buck and kill your death robot. Can we please just go kill your damn death robot?


You can't broker a fight between a huge beast and a white dragon?


I keep giving him ale.


There's math happening.


I hope these aren't your cousins.


Let it settle.


Because it's in the spellbook.


Battlemap? Just call it a map, Matt, don't call it a battlemap!


The worst kind of candy.


Nine dragons.


I could tell by his Cheers shirt. (laughing)


So there's five.


I'm all right for this plan.


The burned one?


Wonderful. Yeah, they all hit. I got a 14, an 18, a 19, and my spell attack bonus is plus 11.


Dragon rides.


All right. For you, Fjord, I will make Frumpkin a bird.


Yes, yes, yes. And I'd like to-- oh, could you not tell Caleb about this?


It's a classic movie moment.


What comes after that?


Caleb, Caleb, Caleb!


Ten tables is a lot.


I can cast it at 6th level.


There's probably more coming, I would think.


Or let him create it the first time, because we might not need it.


How big, are we talking?


--everything stocked, everything it needs, I think we're just reasonable.


I lost track after the D.


No? Okay.


I'm going to my last whatever movement I have to step back a little bit, because I'm really fucked up. If I can step back, whatever I can. I know I stood up, so I know I have half movement.


This is a deeply-inappropriate convincing mena-men-mechanism. It is working. All right.


Fjord Practical?


Oh, wow. What are you doing?


Okay. These creatures have no eyes.


Well, I'm not going with you!


I'm going to light it up with my flaming war hammer. I turn and I swing at it.


Going for the handbook.


Can we make Percy some dragonborn armor right now, somehow, so he can be all white, all over?


I'm not arguing, we're rounding up.


Hey, I feel it. It's like sandpaper, a little bit.


That is true. Poetically it would be nice, but--


Oh! It needs attunement.


47 for Sharpshooter!


I'm literally leaving the studio on the 17th for a road trip.


For talking to Caleb through his, you know.


I reached into the ball bearings that I have left since I have about half. I take one and go-- (ball bearing bouncing)


Here's another option. My foot hurts, but I'm not too bad. How are you?


62. So you're at 19.


Residual?


With disadvantage, but-- Yeah, okay.


All right. We could do that.


The wording was a little squirrely.


Oh shit! That means there's probably more than two?


Oh I don't care about the people who have them. I just like pretty things. Toys, anything really.


Great, he takes another ten points of cold damage, as my Armor of--


I help it down a little bit more.


I know. Maybe I should get a tattoo for Kord, like the symbols you have for Sarenrae.


Wait. Why are you keeping it, Percy?


Please, it's big for me.


Scanlan, grab your horn, call out, say that Osysa sent us.


Percy's out, let's go--


Then I will inspire myself on my initiative roll.


Let's go buy some horses.


We have also, if you're interested in trade, basilisk eggs and parts of an umber hulk.


I won a strawberry.


Wait, can I take my last thing?


Vax is shorter than Scanlan.


The last thing Vox Machina ever sees, immortalized on a shirt. It's the grinning face of our destroyer.


DM, I write a detailed--


We should probably figure out a way to light up the room. Are there curtains?


12 total, since it was a crit. Is it still up?


I got Ulog.


I guess we go.


You've had a lot of time to think.


What is this 'we'?


I mean, she's so convincing.


I'm going to conjure an air elemental, and then I'm going to go over to Grog and I'm going to give him a big hug and say, for the next hour, no one can keep a hold of you. And I'm going to give him Freedom of Movement.


Ooh! Seven.


You just spit on this letter. I saw it happen.


All right. If we find something cool, we kill the dragon.


(laughs nervously)


We haven't sprung the magic trap, either, so that's just none the wiser.


But what you can do, it's still useful here.


Yeah, it's fine. By myself. No big deal. No big deal.


Do you guys think maybe we should, um. We should get in the mansion and have a nice little chat and figure out what the fuck we're gonna do?


Because of the Hadar's?


You want them both?


Yes. Did you see where he went?


Makes you sick.


Get drunk?


I do not. And I'll tell you another secret. I like them, too. I get that they're angry. I don't agree with them. But I get it.


Sure. Anyone else wants to join.


But Keyleth, there's a waterfall. It's fine.


Nothing. You have a compulsion. I just think it's funny.


Yeah, we'll go with her.


We should go that direction.


Are you going to allow that?


Eyes Wide Shut?


Tight tight tight.


Let's camp-- oh, god.


How do?


And then I can cast it again twice. I have two more times to cast it.


When he reappears.


Can I watch with Zahra?


My time is valuable. Will you pay him so we can go, please?


I'm going to be very helpful and not go in there with the two of you while you try and get her out.


Next campaign, we don't attack anybody! We talk to everybody! Every NPC, every hot dog vender, every lich! Talk!


Oh yes, down below, in the waters, our allies - Vex, and uh, somebody. (all laugh) Found some creatures under the water, snatching bodies as they fell. Keyleth. Yes, I forgot who went.


We have an instant ability to transport anywhere.


Oh, he turned around. (laughter)


Can I hit the guardian?


I get that.


Oh. I feel like that's a zombie gnoll.


Can we take a short rest and heal up?


Please Schwarzenegger it with, "You're luggage."


I'm gonna wander to the other side of the wall and see if it's on the other side.


I've been thinking about that a lot myself.


Let's give it a try!


You can reroll ones.


Fuck her.


I have a gift! Is it all right if I--?


Technically, none of this happened.


Yeah, checks, excuse me. I'm gonna take another shot at getting that damn bow out of his hand. So we'll see if we can do that. Yeah, that's a 19, so that's 32 to hit.


Or other follow--


(disgusted) Oh, yeah.


I have Dispel Magic you guys!


I'm going to very gingerly lean over the edge of the roof where Fjord is. I'm going to say: (whispers) On the boom!


Your spidey sense is tingling?


Yeah. I want to check out this, too.


Let's go slower.


Oh, I have felled a beast.


Really bad sinus problems.


You walk backwards.


Without further ado. (cheering)


We can use this.


I think he would see them. What if you became a fly or something and flew down? Would he notice you?


No, I'm just a little bit stronger. Not quite as bad.


(whispering) She's amazing.


Gnome's honor.


2d6 radiant damage.


(whispered) He's still 20 feet away from me. You guys! Hey fuckers!


Wow. Really? Nine plus--


Grog? Grog, look for magic.


I'm not that small.


I mean, I'm up for all of it, you know? Whatever you guys decide.


It's gonna be bad.


This area is known for its entertainment. I mean, everybody's seen the ocean before, right?


So Grog, Pike, and Scanlan. You don't need it, though. Do you need it? I'm going to go Trinket--


No. I go to Molly's body and begin to get the coat off him.


I mean when you were a tyke.


If we take care of this for you, it does seem like a monumental task.


Don't run into the -- You're going to die!


This is worse.


Can you hit the two that are by us?


Rejection, rejection, rejection!


Did you know? Where are you?


Tortley.


Yes. We want to see how far this ship will sail.


(singing) Everybody summer dance now!


Oh, so, I'm sorry, I was misled earlier. So this is the good part of the plan. We do exactly what you're saying, first.


Hey, you're wearing a cool shirt.


He likes to watch.


Yeah, we have our crew.


Bungee-jumping out of a tree!


...after I've landed.


It can't get any nicer than it already is.


Not bad, I did okay.


(groaning and coughing) (hoarsely) Do you have anything to take the edge off?


Excuse me, pardon me. Sorry to interrupt your vacation. Have you seen a lot of armor and a big golden helmet? No? Okay.


We didn't say it.


I don't like seven on eight. I am not a fan.


Does anybody have a Wet-Nap?


I will definitely, I will stand behind that.


With your math and my rolling, we are a formidable team.


There's money and loot. Let's take a look.


Raise your hand if you want a Heroes' Feast.


I don't know that TV show.


I place my hands on Grog's shoulder and Percival's shoulder and cast Bless as they walk out the door.


Oh, no, I mean on the door that I'm next to.


Oglen?


All right, yeah, sure.


That's fine, that's fine.


Did the door shut?


And her name is Toya?


I'm in melee. That's fine.


What did the skittering beasts look like?


Consequences and cows.


I come over and I say  Vax, where is your sister?


All right, let's hurry.


Neat trick.


Yes. And this would be Sneak Attack--


Watch from afar? What's that going to tell us?


Okay. Are you coming to the pub?


The people, how? Hold a vote? Do you want this money or do you want us to have it?


They're opening a shop in here-- just kidding. There's a shop here!


Well, what's between us and it?


So it's not that far down?


It takes a day to do Disneyland.


Into the left as far as I can.


You speak Giant, you speak Giant, right?


Oh my god, where's Shorthalt when you need him?


It's impressive that no is the most complicated one. I know.


Hey, she can't see us! (background music)


Does Trinket-- where's Trinket?


Thank you, watering boy.


Yep, you're not wrong.


Fucking shit balls, Scanlan.


That's a dick move. That is a--


I put my ear in the water to see if I can hear him.


It talks! It's a sentient bulette!


Plus 11? 20.


What do you think lives in that hole?


Are you saying you want to retire from adventuring life, Caleb?


Is it a pirating vessel?


Thank you! That's very useful. Where's my other d12? Why do I never have any d12s? There they are.


One attack.


I don't like the phone.


What is the nature of the goods that you have?


I'm also curious. Is it a bare-knuckles thing, or is no-holds-barred do whatever you want?


He's scared.


How could you do that to him?


12. Plus?


Yep. Polished...


When Ulog was in that house, he found something that I think you should have. Shortly before he expired, he shoved it into my hand. I pull out those papers that he found about the wife. It's a little frayed, he shoved it into my hand. We are lucky that it did not burn up, but take this, please.


I'm sorry I questioned you.


Oh no, they --


Nope, 18.


Over 20. 23.


Acid sucks. I never want to encounter acid again. Every time we do, it's bad. It's always bad.


Oh wait, is that--


What are we saving?


(cackles) Yeah, he was.


"Grog--"


Oh, but I can work distraction.


Okay. And the last one, I'm just going to roll it now, is a 17.


Jeffrey.


You guys, this really makes gambling so much fun.


Ooh, yeah. A check? 26.


I can help you with that.


You said 60, Matt?


Give him a fancy robe, Grog.


So we do that now!


Yeah, this sucks.


24 mass?


We're heading down. He's going to catch up.


What? (laughs)


Frequently, not always.


I'm going to take-- as I get closer to the tree line-- how far away am I?


Is that for--


The Battle Where the Thing Was Lost.


At the spot where you told us.


Okay, how much are these, Sherri?


Hey, pal. Life is what happens when you're making other plans. If plan A doesn't work, there's still 25 letters left in the alphabet.


No, I don't mean me.


That's a very nice paintbrush.


What was that situation with the-- The hanging, you know, Metropolitan Museum of Art piece?


I don't know the address.


Can you fight against the current for a moment?


(victorious laughter)


That's amazing. Well, now that you seem to have the Stormlord's attention, now what?


Okay, so we have six talons, 20 teeth and 150 pounds of hide.


And on the lookout for anything in this ramshackle town.


A wink?


I just wanted to get him to unconscious. If I'm not a master assassin--


No, you should've said that first.


Okay. So I stealthily walk up to the closing distance to the edge of town and I stand there. I click my boots of haste together.


Is there anything about you that you don't want us to know?


Well, unfortunately, it's property in her bag right now, and it's real tough to get out of that bag.


Oh no, sorry. I currently have 3d8.


'Twill be.


Let's count the grains.


We destroyed half of an elder brain-- Part of an elder brain.


It's just like a weather balloon.


Five shots. That sounds about enough.


I would say, how tall is this dragon?


Well, that's a brave choice.


There's only one way to find out. I run up and I kiss her. (laughter)


I think there's also an entrance at the top of this spire, if we want to do a downward approach, but that seems risky.


He still smells really, really bad.


A mile to the tower? So it's probably two miles wide, this whole...?


But it cancels out.


It might have been. Might have been some old shit.


That's not that far.


We did do this together, and we didn't do anything that you wouldn't have done for us.


Does it seem like a long walk towards the Cerulean Palace?


We really wanted to talk to you.


Oh my gosh, 'critrole' is the code you need for free shipping if you want Wyrmwood Gaming boxes to hold your dice in them. We all have them. I have some at home. My kids love them. Critrole is the code you need for free shipping.


I'm going to try and pick this-- is the door locked? Did we try the door? Did you try the door?


Ukurat or Udurat?


Wow, he's a big eater. That was a lot. That was a whole boar.


We're doing the rage room tomorrow.


I'm saying get the prisoners safe so that nobody's running blindly into the forest.


How far is this tavern from us?


Damn that shit glows!


Totally ruined that!


We'll have to hang out until it shows up, then.


Does he become a constellation after that?


Preferably in rose gold. (The music comes back in, less distorted.)


I didn't put it on the list.


We have a carriage, let's stay on the roads.


Yes, I've had sex, Shale! I have a daughter.


"In my-- nah. Right here in my-- nope."


Okay. Which doorway, where am I on the map, I can't see myself? Right there? Could I run to the corner of the building that the archers are on and scrabble up the side of it?


Was it 40? I thought it was 60. It was double the-- shit, hold on. I have a card--


I storm over to it and I rip it off the horse and I say: This is ours now. He was our fucking friend, he wasn't your fucking friend. We're taking this back.


