Okay, and then I want to brace myself in a tree, so if I fell off the broom I wouldn't fall onto the ground.


Maybe we'll be okay?


Could fake some sick on people.


Pub crawl? Pub crawl?


So just structures.


How high up is the pit fiend?


What do they look like? Are they wearing any colors?


What happened to 'no sick people'?


I couldn't see it.


Way over there?!


Oh shit, on everybody?!


No, I'll do it because I want to see the town.


That's 4d6 radiant damage.


Sure, displacement physics.


Oh, you guys seem really nice.


I call it Diplomacy.


I'm going to search the body of the beast guy.


Can I open one up and see what's in it?


She'll make it reckless.


I'm so nervous! What are our names?


I'm out of spells.


It actually occurs to me that I might have some magnets on my person. Can I make an investigation check? I had quietly in my head been using them to keep my coat down when I was running around with the spider boots.


One more time.


I can't do that to dead people.


12, and that's a 21.


Can I see them coming up?


We don't have a lot of time, so do you think you could split off with somebody?


Cannonball, Percy!


I feel like this is a very strong hint from the Dungeon Master.


That's totally correct, yeah.


I barely made that save.


Dwarven eggs are very good.


Sure. I'll pour drinks.


So 39.


You're worried about giants streaking?


But it's all platinum. Right?


(quiet war cry)


Mein Gott.


I rolled a 22.


Yeah, no, I'd agree with that, yeah.


Second attack. Holy shit, that's a 28.


It might be concentration-based, and if he can knock it out...


Jester would like to cast Zone of Truth.


I'm going to die trying to help her graffiti a statue in a church.


(whispers) His brain.


Be really quiet while you're fighting, try to take them out before they--


Of course he does.


Try a single time.


Three d10s?


That is a 30.


Oh, I'm so happy you won, Grog.


Yeah, sure. Sorry, Scanlan.


Yeah, that can't happen. No way.


Just do whatever feels right.


We're going down to the ziggurat.


It's completely serious!


(drunkenly) Wait, wait, wait, wait-- okay-- okay.


(whispers) I bet it's one of those little dudes we had.


And I'm free underneath them?


Don't condescend to Pike.


I got what I needed. I'm ready.


This is my gift to you. Happy Rebirthday.


Squall Eater?


At a drive-in near you.


Well, howdy there. What a coincidence. This is so crazy. Are you trying to get anywhere in particular?


I'm going to whale on this fucking kid, because no, we do not have time for niceties. So that's 4d8.


Misfired again. I rolled a two.


We're quite fierce.


You are annoyingly cheerful.


No! (squeaking noises)


I am tempted to fashion the thing that I use to pour my molds into little sippy cups that can be shared.


Turns into stone, it's deep-battered, covered in cheese.


We can go down-- inside, anyways.


First one is, and I'm using-- I'm going to use Luck. That's a point, straight up in the air.


I roll to maintain concentration because he hit me after I cast Hex.


Yeah, but you have to vanquish Grog.


I am drunk enough to where I'm not going to stop it or argue against it, but I won't partake, so that's pretty good for me.


I use my Grasping Vine and I yank him away from it.


Oh, it's just the hit point max, okay.


I haven't slept in days.


(loudly) That's what I said, birds!


They don't sell any timeshares there, I gather.


I'm the cleric? What is this? I've never traveled with a bunch of people that I thought would die in front of me, okay? I never needed a healer's kit before.


It has been a while, what would you like us to do?


Is Jamedi here?


I mean, it's a good workout after all this food.


I'm just gonna keep rope-swinging. There we are.


Most definitely it is magical, yes. Stronger than your average glaive, that's what I am saying, yeah.


Yeah, I already tweeted #8ftTrinket.


Should we turn into clouds and go?


And the hospital was amazing.


Oh, yeah, siege. Oh, it's fine. 30.


Can we try to climb the other side?


Is that-- the thing is covering, so he can't be--


I am about the bling.


I'm going to get a little smaller so that I take up less space in the boat.


Angry d10.


The Scots have nothing to do with it.


Help us, Ashley!


(singing) Empty chairs at empty tables...


It's very clever.


All right. Come on. I'll take that. That's a 17.


You can detach the hand and put a pick spike on for mining. Like a mining punch.


Yeah, I got Pike.


I put them down and make them comfy for him.


What is your father's business?


I rub my thumb along the lucky rock in my pocket, and smile at the snow and think about playing in it when I was younger, and go inside to wake up anyone who's still sleeping.


Oh, you want to swoop by the main tent?


Say it a couple more times.


Whoa, it's long!


The worst cliffhanger ever.


I feel itchy, but I'm okay. I'm going to stay still.


That just happened. He wants to talk about your IBS, and there are lycans.


Triple-speed, damn. That’s a fast-ass wolf.


Disadvantage on his roll!


By a few days, I mean a couple weeks. I think that's more of an appropriate estimation.


In Ank'harel. And it looks the exact same as this one.


Hey. We're so proud of you.


I think we're all right.


Yes, let's go!


Look how fucking crap these are!


I wasn't there! (laughter)


No, I know him! I know the Bloody family, they're terrible people. Anyway, my associates and I were wondering if you might come-- Is that what we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us?


Yeah, but you know Beauregard really is the most capable fighter in this group, at this moment in time. What? That’s just the truth. Can you handle the truth?


How can you focus on the cabinet right now?!


Looking-- I'm out.


Yeah, if they're what they say they are.


Yeah, I'll put something out there.


And I'm going to shoot him through my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel as we're going away, too.


(sighs) Yes.


I don't know what that means!


No, he's attacking me.


She might be open to that. She's a partner with Legendary.


And at that point, do all of their necklaces glow?


We're already tying him.


Be aware of the rat balloons.


Frumpkin is how far from me at this point?


Do we have an escape plan?


The last king.


Oh. Do they all look alike? 17 plus one.


Probably. We definitely won't use it as bait for the gnolls. Okay, bye!


I've got to be honest, I'm not made of money, but I'm always curious for a new experience.


No, we wouldn't be handing that shit over.


He's a deity.


Okay, we're fine.


Were we down over there, or--?


Yeah, gang.


Add ten because of Hunter's Mark on the first one.


I'm going shopping.


I did Patient Defense, I did one Flurry of Blows--


I think our speed is halved in the conditions, right?


Trees, you're so lovely, even though you're covered in this black stuff, I can tell that you have really good personalities.


Oh yeah, sure. That's right.


For sure we do.


Let's see. I'm not looking at the right thing. Where is it?


And the code is "criticalrole", not "critrole".


It could be scary. There could be more rock monsters and things.


I'm not the best at this game.


And I'll use the other one on myself.


I would like to hug you.


Oh, okay. It only last for ten minutes though when I do it. So if we don't find it soon then--


It would cancel it out automatically. Oh. In that case, I'm gonna take a shot on him.


I guess he can just walk.


No, I'm fine with that. Can she fly?


You have-- I have healing, though. Don't worry, I have healing. Who are you? I have healing.


Am I within 60 feet of either of these?


This is our least serious episode ever. We cannot wear costumes but once a year.


It's really bright and shiny in the hotel, though.


Wolves are on another plane. Herd is wandering.


Who's all been seen? That's a lot.


Where is it, which, which--


Wait, so we went through water, we went through sand.


No, it's just going to attack us.


Get the blood back in your head.


Her perception is low, you wouldn't see the high five.


No, this is so stupid.


Well, I'm not proficient in it, weirdly, but I am an arcanist.


In your room, in your room. Me leaving wasn't--


When you're a big fire, the walking thing--


Well, you know, if you feel like staying up and wandering around and talking to some people--


Like a bracer or carry a weapon.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I don’t know! But I don't know what to do this early on.


As far as I know. All right. Balls. I'm just going to throw three daggers at the salamander, right from where I am.


Does it look like water reflection?


That's a pretty big meatball.


Oh man. What did I get, seven?


What's happening?


No, I'm okay.


I should take it because for now.


Why are you so connected to the pissing thing?


Hello. Hello?


What, you're going to throw it at him?


You put that kraken on Hot Pepper Gaming.


But he doesn't have control over it anymore. This guy in red is down, so all that's left is the guy and the wraiths?


Yeah. We'll do that.


I didn't need that disadv-- That's a natural one. (laughter)


Where are you going?!


Why don't you just take it from my money?


I think you have one at your house. In your kitchen?


Yes. I rolled a 13 the second time.


Well, maybe Scanlan has somebody else in mind, as well. (all laugh)


Can I send it down to the rakshasa?


Should we wait for Yasha to wake up, or do we bring her with?


You shouldn't use her real name.


I have poison. I have drow poison from a previous adventure. That's a knockout drug, isn't it?


You look over and Scanlan's going (kisses).


It hits.


You know, I might need your help. I have a few ideas for the Ashari tribes as well.


He seems like he needs--


I think I've picked something up. Should we follow it now or should we--


Sorry. I'm asking too many questions.


Absolutely. Here's the silver ring with the blue gem.


4d8, right?


Hey, look! I've got rubber booties! (laughs)


That, too.


(gasps) You made a map?


I have higher hopes of-- I mean this is a long ways off, but I would love a large home or a mansion of some kind that you can (snaps) on a whim. Doesn't that sound amazing?


And we killed an illithid once, as well.


Because Keyleth tried to do something, and I tried to talk her out of it and it didn't work out, and we're now in holding. It's fine.


1d10, so with violent shot--


If she goes unconscious, they get blasted.


(laughs) What's her mother's name?!


Yasha will--


You're supposed to build the treehouse in the top of the tree.


I'm going to sleep before this happens.


(laughs) My sorcerer's ways.


Let's not forget, you've still got a funny toe.


Because you're high as fuck.


Can I stand up, please?


And the ability to work in your pajamas.


Oh. That's not as fun.


Whoa, best roll ever.


Yeah. But the rest of you are fucked.


You're cutting out. I can't hear you


Okay, Beau is going to run and flank with Nott over here onto also the northwest side.


Your eldritch knight is going to be great.


Use it in the moon--


That's where we landed.


Ten, so 14 on the first one, plus fire damage.


We should tie them up and then go.


Let's try to go in quietly.


Anyway, there were some creatures down below in the waters, are those anything that we could use, or should we just avoid them?


To the thing.


Okay, yeah, same, 21.


I see him do that. I do the same thing.


You been down but what's it going to take to give you some sack, man? How about 2,400 Critters chanting, "Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan!" (chanting)


Well, we're about to have a Heroes' Feast.


No, I'm just saying the one that you swindled, it's got the blessing of the big cheese here.


Got it! It's off!


I think we'll take the deal. Happy to enter into this contract with you. No problem.


Do they fit over your--


She's got more people to bury.


It's bad when you say it like that.


Wind physics.


You guys are all going to post pictures to Twitter, right, because everyone's asking.


So they won't know who we are?


Also on the way out the door.


We all back up.


Ew, what?


We were working on that particular compliment, and I feel like we have a little way to go.


And that was all I, personally, was worried about.


Through the hand cone?


Yeah. It'll be like Lazy River.


Because they wanted to bring it somewhere where they-- I don't know. Which is why I wanted you to do the half thing, where we could question Kima without her attacking us or trying to attempt to take the Horn from us.


This is not a saving throw, though.


But Scanlan weighs nothing.


This is happening quickly as we enter the shop. We all enter the shop.


You want me to distract her?


I want to be on the other one.


In Disguise Self mode.


And I use my mantle, which I constantly forget triples my jump distance.


I'm trying something. I've got the shard of soul out, the soul shard. Giving it a smell. And I'm going to, not quite loudly, but with a bit (disgusted sound) and I'm going to huck it in the other direction with distaste.


Are we all reunited?


Ignore me! 50?!


Lord almighty.


That's your stealth? (all laugh)


We should make little Pike backpacks.


Right, I have my papers.


We're whispering all of this very quietly.


Come on, Nott, go.


Oh, I don't know if this is rock crudite.


RNGesus!


It's not quite heaven.


Through Frumpkin's eyes. The half of the room, or the portion of the room that Frumpkin can see.


Traps, I'm looking for traps.


Don't forget to spray it with perfume.


D&D Beyond, everybody. Our sponsor for the evening.


Food fight! (laughter)


(long pause) Do you know if it's achievable?


He snores.


They're probably not going to use them. They're just one drink. They would keep all the hundreds of gold.


Doty's book? He might have written some things about it.


We did?


We should head west.


I'm going to buy Cad a hat. A straw hat, to replace the one I stole from him.


If we draw Thordak to us, at least we control the battlefield. She could still be lying in wait to pounce on his body the second we kill him.


I am Jester.


That's 14 days, your highness.


Yeah, but I thought you were holding out the chain and they were standing behind you.


When people ask you who were those brave souls that ventured into sewer, you tell them The Mighty Nein.


That's going to make it even better.


I already hate him.


Prayer?


Consistent.


There's that.


That's right, Kiri, Bird-Eye Fjord.


What did you just do?


How is it? Do you like it?


All right, saddle up them dogies. (laughter)


Chicken ravioli. (laughs)


It really was. It actually was. How was this terrible?


In his defense, it's a wonderful vintage. Her defense.


And my second question is  do you like working for the Gentleman?


Oh, that's not the best part.


I've had a hard week


If they lose, they don't lose anything either, right?


What's it gonna be?


Stress of the moment.


Or the clover crystal?


Hello, friends. My associates and I were looking for a place of lodging for the night and a place of reputable reputation.


I will just step forward a little, and I will cast polymorph on our big friend that we're surrounding. And I'll turn him into a snail.


That's on our level.


I love you, Travis. (laughter)


No, I'm not raging. (laughing) 24.


Are they heading towards the butcher?


I check her person for anything valuable.


Blinded and restrained right now.


That little kid you smacked around who wanted to join--


Wait, the first time was 25 years?


In the meantime, I guess it's time to drink.


Let's go get Orly.


Let's go full movement.


I'm going in, my love. I fly up within range. I raise my hand, I target his eye, and I cast, or I try, Finger of Death.


The One Ounce Owl?


Can you send us back? We have to send ourselves back?


We are all on our own here right?


I was going to turn invisible before I get up, but yeah.


Here, here's the map. We're up here. This is the group that was coming from Emon. These guys came from somewhere over here? Where's Draconia?


Put her in the Bag of Holding.


Lord Sharp.


Does he look injured at all?


We die first.


Yeah, I was wondering about that.


Hey, 18!


That was awesome.


Hut!


You there, blue fellow!


Yeah. Can't get any worse.


Okay, I'm going to try to go for the big artery in the--


You have a lantern!


What! You took our carpet?


At a level three for you!


Is that how he lives all the time?


I inspire Pike real quick, just before the battle.


I've got a Ring of Lightning Resistance.


That was like 6,000 gold worth of-- But do not! Don't!


I don't know. I'm having second thoughts about being here at all.


You don't have to drag me, I'm going!


Look into its eyes.


What happens to the harpoon and the cord sticking out of me?


And his sister's name is?


Which one's the left one?


Do I get any time of advantage for being a shifty person?


Zsundie.


Look at these things!


I have three commons, two greaters, and one superior. I'm a walking medicine cabinet.


I heard a few things that seemed very desireable.


Little bit. Just sort of mis-proportioned. Listen, if we get to the--


Come on, it's too crowded in there.


I can only do it one time. That's a 23.


Plus three, so that's 22.


You thought that was going to be good!


I say, careful. Do not open that box without the password or else it will melt your eyeballs from inside your head. (laughter)


Yes, let's. There's much to do.


(whispering) Am I slipping? I can't help it! I can't not do it!


Oh, let me take a picture, I'll take a picture.


And it's flanking, right? Because of where Grog is, or Keyleth?


There is-- I am with these people! And I am going to burn his head off.


I am, I'm adding my--


Great, let's run.


What, are we just carrying around this stone Kima with us, or are we taking her back to our--


Quen'pillar? Is that a month? What is that?


Thank you! I'm tweeting your cake right now!


Maybe they just want their gold back?


Mostly, I was thinking of also offering them whatever we can take from the dragon itself once it's destroyed.


You guys have got issues, man.


I'm going to Polymorph him into-- oh god. I'm going to Polymorph him into a crimson weasel. But at the same time, I'm going to go: (shouting) Catch him! Because somebody has to catch him.


Not necessarily.


But, bringing back some of the mead and dispersing it amongst the crew is definitely a sign that we're probably going to do that when we do. That is very astute of you.


I'll go left.


Kicking myself.


(laughs) I guess that's probably all of us.


I'll follow suit and also move slightly to the outside and around their flank. Yeah, there you go.


Goddamn it! It was so good.


What's a diamond for our dear Pike? It's a good price, I say.


I got to get that seal!


This whole time I've been sitting with this.


Of the Emon Shorthalts.


It's giving me the bad feelings.


I can try and do a Commune With Nature and see.


Ooh! I'm going to go steal from them. Oh, wait, no, you can't do that on this island.


No. (shouts) Where are you going? Are you safe?


Sorry, guys. I don't know what I'm doing. Oh, that's not a lot. Seven.


Everywhere!


The wolf?


Earth elementals?


What did we pay you for?


I can spot him now because I can see where Percy's shooting at, right?


I think we give them a choice. But I think, Pike, I think it's a good idea. I think you present the idea of staying and getting word to the people in Kymal that some of their loved ones are still here, still living. The dragon is dead. Summon them back to rebuild.


Three, right?


That's not very much, nine points total.


Can I see if he looks like shaken or fucked up at all?


This is so embarrassing.


Last week I said, "Come up now." And that's when he called it.


Fuck. So I do it anyway but with a scowl on my face.


The king's almost dead.


That was pretty good.


Matt, someone's asking what's good to roll as if you are brand new to the game.


I turn and give Nott the biggest hug, just bury my head in her.


Hold on. Everybody calm down. Hi, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. My friend Thorbir here didn't mean to offend, of course.


(whispering) Oh, manipulation!


I see her doing this. I point to him, and I cast Message, and I say: Lockheed! We're down here! Come down! It's us, your friends!


We met an ex-physician. Just...never mind. Never mind.


Where's Bouldergut to me?


I try to pull it open.


(heavy breathing) That's even better. 25.


This has to be Heaven. The doors just keep opening.


I was looking at his face as that was going on, was like--


Either way. Whoever it is.


Oh, yes, but we would tell everybody we stayed here all the time.


So you're saying you don't bring your 300 dragon hit points down into the fly body, you switch to-- you switch to fly hit points.


Because that gator is blind, does that mean it counts as sneak attack?


Taking the initiative. This one came to my room, then inside. I think we've probably been quiet for a while, staring at the ceiling, and after a while finally say: We've really fucked things up, haven't we?


I have a lot of interesting ideas that will go out the window depending on this roll, possibly.


(laughs) Jesus... Oh. Wow.


Should we rest and get on with it?


Does this actually look like a special gem?


That is so bad!


I would have enough to point and say-- oh, for the love of god. Okay, fine.


Did you not see anything?


But I get a d4 on top of it? Oh, that's great. 26 without the other stuff.


It does, at the end of the spell.


Dissolves.


(sings) Everything is cool when you're making an arrow!


Yeah, it's really--


Catch it.


That's true. He actually might be able to hold onto it. At least for a little bit.


That's-- that's interesting.


Yeah. I hope everyone liked the panel, by the way.


It gets weird when it's up close. Okay. Let's see what we do. All right. There's no way I can step back right now, is there?


I punch him in the temple again.


Okay, I take the black and tan.


Like a techie?


Baby, come on.


Where's he from again?


Stealthily to the circus.


We should-- we should take what we can and we should also hide the bodies.


Pike, do you think it's worth it?


Well, we should fucking get up there, then, huh?


It has not been that long since I took a shower. I don't know why this running gag is continuing.


It doesn't matter, Liam.


We are smart little people. And big people.


One-two punch.


I was about to say I was going to join you. I've had my fill of party.


Well, it's a 20.


Which is not good. No, I'll stay right where I am.


I step forward and say-- is her name Ulara?


Maybe we can look at it up closer?


There's been three Jamieson's in our campaign, too. Matt isn't an infinite fount of names.


"Dear Sam--" These are from a couple weeks ago, that is the premise.


Thank you, Freddie. Have a seat, let me translate for you. And a very merry Unbirthday to you.


(singing) I want to take a night walk-- that's not a song.


All right, I am burning my 7th-level spell and really fucked up behind Trinket, I'm going to think about the air elementals on the beach, and what they just did, and I'm going to cast Whirlwind, and I'm going to aim for the mage on the crevasse booby.


Oh brother, I think we found the lair of the umber hulk


Come on, buddy. (cheering)


Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay.


I can maybe put a rope through the window.


You have to make a wisdom saving throw against me.


It's somebody being impolite to a friend of ours.


Does it get an attack of opportunity?


Attack and damage, attack and damage.


No, it's all right. Let me try it on my own first. For dignity's sake.


Pick her up!


I pull out the copper wire, listening, and I aim down, looking for Nott, and say: there are two coming from the upper floor. I don't know if they're leaving or coming away, but be alert.


Join the party.


Of course not. They're great. They seem wonderful.


I'm not a rogue.


It's a test of your reflexes, on point, how you handle things you're not quite ready for.


I'm in the third basement, come down!


He's immune to lightning.


Never mind. Let's go find a place to buy some potions.


Wise-arse.


Ja, I would prefer it. We are blown anyway, so have at it.


I'm into it.


True. I got distracted. You know.


Can I start climbing a tree?


I mean, sure, I can do some of these things. Within reason. Right?


(whispering) Backstory. (laughter)


I know, right? Those fire-proof arrows. Great. If I shot an arrow from a Blazing Bowstring so it was already a fire arrow, you think it would go through?


No, back one! Back! No, it's fine.


You're going to kill The Gentleman.


Oh boy, this is gonna be a hard night for me, I'm gonna have to talk him down from this, he gets so worked up--


Whatever we decide right now is exactly what happened.


That sucks. Nothing to be told, okay. I don't want this.


I'm going to draw the rapier that I just picked and start stabbing at the terrible thing, all the while screaming. (screams)


Yeah, we can catch up on some rest. We got to get the carriage, right? Get the horses back.


I was literally just swimming in acid.


My brother was singing the praises of this box this week.


That's a yes.


He would get more defensive with time. I don't know. We don't know enough. I would like to find out where he sleeps.


I'm not going to use it. I'm just going to shoot him. This is fun, guys. 23.


She's turning on the charm.


Zombra Spire-- Zombra?


Oh wait, no, it's the elemental's turn, right? The elemental goes after the dragon?


What's that do?


She's in the mine. We'll go in and find her. Right? Lord Greyspine?


Abjurist Nosebleed, hold on real quick, look. And I take the other, the second to last dry food ration, I give him that, and I give him a thing of ale, I'm like, I'm sorry, it's really dry.


(stuttering) I'll think on it more. And just, yeah. I have to get - maybe I'll get more courage just by staying here and, you know... But thank you for the advice, wise old man. (all laugh)


My parents fucking lied to me.


I'll take 20 of that because I put in--


I didn't roll after I said I hid.


Can I take the bag and hold it up under a light source and look in, see if there's stuff rumbling around and it just looks empty?


In Dis?


Hi, I'm Liam O'Brien. I'm playing Vax'ildan. This one's twin. We're half-elven twins. I started playing D&D when I was 13 and I can't believe this is happening. So cheers. Cheers to this.


Just go!


- an ongoing -


I'm taking the gun.


He likes helping people.


Right, but he could be fucking anywhere. I want to do this because we're here. We can worry about that later; it's a wide, wide world.


I don't know. Bring up the god of the sun again, I don't know.


Really good to have,


I would probably switch with Liam or Travis.


So he comes back?


I could've done the hawk because of what happened with Molly I--


Right! That's really all we're doing now, just on a grander scale.


Cordell? I don't remember the names of any of our guards.


Do you mind if I give a second opinion?


No, I rolled my damage die.


He can't communicate with us when he's like this?


Good attempt, though, Sam.


Creepy little doll, man!


Yeah. Are going to change into something? Or are you just going to be totally oblivious that you're definitely not the people who walked in upstairs?


Opal Archway?


Can I see that last pot from where I am?


You know, I'll say just because I'm curious where this particular rabbit hole leads--


Keyleth-- no, what?


She's quite all right.


Builds character. I'm going to stay away from the altar and skirt the wall all the way around it. Mat: Okay, you get to the door.


Oh, I turn invisible.


Thank you. Thank you for giving them to me.


Yep. Him, too.


I'm trying to get to Fjord.


Yeah, figure out what dex plus proficiency. Whatever your dex plus prof is.


Johnny New York.


To the top of the tower?


Pike is chuckling, at best.


It's foggy in this room!


She's going to be the MVP, man. I can feel it. When it works, it's going to be glorious.


I'm not letting him go by himself. I do the same thing.


Best one of I've had.


8?!


(whispering) Tell no one


You'll have to be careful. We are going for help. Medical help. We all have syphilis. Extreme syphilis.


No no. Yeah. Butthole only.


Oh shit, that sounds really cool!


On the ship! On the ship!


You have a nice glow about you.


I'm just telling you, the more north we go, the stricter it's going to get. You're going to see more and more of the empire and its influence.


That was a bite.


Let's make my hair even glossier than it already is.


Toya's gone, right?


Matt turned 12! Matt turned 12!


Grog, if I may. I can assist you in this, if you'd like.


Oh, right, that's true.


Deep pockets!


I don't want to roll wrong. I think it's 2d6.


Why are you abandoning me?


Okay. And I'm happy if you want to put any weird disadvantage--


(gurgling) Well listen, Nott, as long as we're down here--


Did you have a drink?


No, just the bunker, right?


Looking a little rough.


Fucking Bane, man!


It never works!


Command him as you see fit.


Do you think they'll know, if we grab it, do you think it's going to attract anything?


I hope they're making out in the next hour.


Yeah, I bet she's with him.


We're getting a lot of cons. There's not so many pros.


So we know it's relatively close, we should probably head there.


It's got to be! Keep looking at it while we're flying, see if you can figure it out!


If anything, it's the latter.


That's nuts.


You say you've lived here. I know the city goes back and forth between the Feywild. Do you travel more freely?


If it's a day or two, we could go back to Daxio and check and come back. But then we'd have to get back into the city. That's probably a terrible idea.


Let's do one at a time.


Why don't we do it with wine?


If you hand me that bauble again, I can do the same thing.


I'm not even looking at the view, I'm looking at the lighthouse.


Let's open it.


What did you-- what was the last 24 hours for you? What did you?


Wheaton will be joining us every week.


I'm going to try and get an insight check on this interesting individual. 23.


Diversions.


Sometimes we call her Nott Bren. Yeah.


Yes, I am.


They're very heavy.


Oh, I thought he held -


Well, first Zone of Truth, then Pike.


Wow, these guys hit real hard. How come they were hitting us so hard?


"He's-god."


Silver's way too little for a horse.


Just back up a smidge.


I like mine. Do they seem sharper, or deadlier?


It's very fragrant.


I don't like being tailed in particular.


You're right.


Do we want to check those other rooms?


Yeah, towards Fjord. I felt Fjord go by, so I want to try and go towards Fjord.


But I’d lose the slot if I held the--


Three legendary actions?


There's no secrets that you have?


No, the guard at the front of the city told us this was one of the places that you could stay, and it was guarded.


I was gonna say, what does the clientele of the bar look like?


Any remnants of ruins around the loch?


I don't even know how to pronounce that first word.


It was really good. It was just fruit, by the way. Like I said.


He has magic?!


I will cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter.


I'll go behind Caleb.


Okay. Do you need anything?


I ate it. I ate the whole thing in one bite.


The second one is 14.


Can I go up and ask Keyleth, outside of his earshot, to maybe cast some sort of restoration on him, without-- He's fighting it. I don't think he's feeling well. Can you heal him?


Season break!


It was in Westruun.


We stay for an hour.


Oh! Illustrated?


Separated from dad?


Are you sure there are no more booby traps below?


She's back!


Wow. That's amazing.


It was like an act of mercy, really.


It's Word of Radiance. Each creature of my choice I can see must succeed on a constitution saving throw.


How about 16 gold pieces and you throw in a little bit of meat?


I've been right behind you the whole time, I don't know how you didn't know I was here.


You've got to be careful with friendly fire, and we're all out of the way.


8d4? It's too much to roll.


It shows.


Do you have a present?


Goldfish.


No! We're trapped in the tree.


All right. Well, let's jump through.


"In the Anus of Dragons," accurately.


I don't move at all. I just take it.


That definitely hits him, though.


It's called-- tell 'em.


And I go directly towards Percival. (quietly) She is there.


Can I see if she's lying?


You're now immune to fear, and you get two hit points per round.


Wow! This is fantastic.


You need something from us. Grog, give him a card.


How many did we have to go?


Sure, overcompensate.


Bullshit. All right, we take the day.


Woo! I got 20 as well!


Oh no. Which one should I use?


No, I cast it to my friend, who is about 12 foot tall and a giant target. Come on, don't make stories up where there aren't any.


That won't work.


It'll show up, of course it will.


You should work in radio.


We have to be animals that can grab things.


Stop saying it.


And you're doing an "S", which is cool.


You don't have to tell me, but you're the bravest woman I know, and you should be brave enough to just admit your feelings.


Yeah. We're all ranged except for--


There was a little brick that turned off all the magic things in the other place, so maybe can I look around on the walls and see if there's some sort of--


Is he flipping you?


It was him?


I hope not either, and--


I've got a plan.


Do you think we looked that cool?


He was a general.


Shit. Where's the fucking luck of Jester?


Can we all come? It sounds super dangerous. I just want to watch. I'll be so sly.


I think maybe we should head back in the opposite direction.


It's going to be fine, Keyleth. After we kill Thordak and Raishan becomes super-powerful, Raishan will come here and get the Vecna orb and unleash all sorts of hells on the world, and then we'll know what it was!


Okay. I'm going to look out the door. What do I see when I look out the door?


Because it's on the other side of the reef.


(gasps) Really?


Oh, it's reverse whispering!


Well, how about on some of these islands I've heard that there is treasure.


Yeah we did, we did. Now there's three more. And I have a lot that I still have to do and still have to figure out about myself.


Just light a torch.


I go up to Vax and I cast Dispel Magic as I try and pull off the robe.


Our quickest bet is just to turn back into-- What area was the wharfmaster Ignus in?


Oh, yeah, look. Wait, turn around 180 degrees and then run as fast as you can.


(quickly) You're very handsome.


A bit better?


Hold on a second.


So first attack is a 25, second attack is a 20, and the third attack is a 26. One, two, three?


I think that's a good plan.


I don't know, he's told us all that before.


Can I stealth against the other wall?


Are we flying?


Let me try to unlock it. (laughing)


(in a funny gruff voice) My DC is 14.


Does somebody have an extra pencil?


Yes! Minus two. 17.


Just ask them about what happened the other night and the Crick that they killed.


In the dark.


Is the Starosta still here?


She has desserts.


Nope. Seven. No, sorry. Nine.


We could go to Kraghammer and buy, or we could try doing what Scanlan said.


Of who?


I tell Vax to stay on my six as I go up.


Yeah. Good job.


Why does it have to be a fey creature? I'm conjuring an animal.


Maybe if we ask nicely, he'll make us young again.


I don't see them on the board from where I am.


I mean, we have killed some people.


Then, and then, Sarenrae just intervenes whenever.


All right. You can kill her!


It's taller than Nott?


It's like living in Alaska.


It was that one.


The secret cellar where I found-- nothing. Where we found a skeleton.


What. The fuck.


I guess we'll add that to our to do list.


Since you're tasting hemorrhoids in the water, it's probably coming from that direction.


Yeah, it worked.


Keep an eye. Hop in the mansion?


I'll just have to use my imagination.


So, if this is the Third Age, does that mean the Fourth is upon us?


We're doing great, guys! We've killed everybody, we're charming people, we're on a boat.


Yeah, why don't we do that?


You're riding Trinket, okay.


You asshole.


Z, you gotta slow down.


That was him.


I'm going to fall down on the ground.


You said the room was full of shiny pointy things on the wall, right?


Dexterity, yeah.


And then for movement, watch this shit right here, folks. (counting) 40, because I'm hasted, 45, 50, 55.


Realizing my party members are clearly stabbing at something.


Perhaps we can create a little bit of a lure to bring back that single fellow closer to us and we dispatch him quietly.


So we're going to start talking now, yes?


That's right. Wish us luck.


I hope that was right.


(old woman voice) Bramble Shot! (normal voice) 25! Oh! Can I do sharpshooter and do minus five to hit, plus ten to attack?


No, we got to put the runes in.


We could tie her onto the broom, we could tie her onto the broom!


No, I mean, what if we just get the survivors out and leave?


And have you met Kash? Kashaw.


I'm not gonna make it, but--


Can't do the math right now.


Oh that's better, 18.


(sniffs) I'm not sure this is-- this doesn't--


Don't know why.


The shitty swamp?


I remember that Fjord asked me to be in his boat.


Did your father find out about--


I got 16.


Are you-- yes! Are you so happy to see so many great Critters in your home of New York?


We put a good hurting on it, yeah. Do you-- I mean, not like I'm questioning what can you do, because I don't think it's very much.


I walk up behind Vex and I tap on her opposite shoulder and pull my hand away.


Mollymauk, is this weird for you to not be traveling with your performing family?


You're ruining my robe! (grunts)


Oh, to meet Marius?


Where's my owl?


Think about the Europes and the other places that are asleeps.


Great check! Disadvantage. Great check!


This would be a blacksmith just to make a couple springs. This is not a complicated-- This is literally something you could make in the woods. It's a slightly more complex version of something you could make in the woods to catch birds. I'm just building a really big version. It's a whole bunch of systems like this that will have chains and weights on them that when you disrupt the weight at the center the whole thing goes clunk, throws a whole bunch of-- it's basically a netting system. It's an entanglement and will be an entanglement.


What level was it?


Second attack. That's garbage, that's an eight.


You have a workshop?


So if they're healing when we hit them, do we think they're healing when they go back into the wall?


Does it at least land where the oil landed?


Up to 58, let me just fix that, there we go. Okay, where am I on the board?


Yeah! We could be famous!


I'm sure this one is hardy.


Pike, do you have any sort of spiritual connection with Vasselheim? Do you feel-- you know how--


Everyone is good on weapons?


If I look back, can I see my sister from where I am?


Or snake legs or snake arms or snake dicks.


With the missus? Oh. The lady--


True. Even newer people might be suspicious.


It's fine, it's fine. Don't worry about it. I'm taking that one.


(sings) Happy happy birthday, from all of us to you. We wish it was our birthdays, so... we're partying. Yay, woohoo!


Now or never and then it goes away forever.


One other consideration, just throwing it out there. We're all spitballing here, right?


Ah! Natural 20.


Let's sit.


With haste!


Just going down and down. I like this.


Would I know this stuff? A natural one!


Like picking up a box.


So we have to stay within 30 feet of me.


That's nice; it's eight points.


Straight towards what?


What did your father call this "robit"?


Get a lot of healing potions! Oh, are we all going?


Can we camp up in the tree? So nobody can come towards us.


Or I guess he wants to be like the Raven Queen.


I will hop off the table and move toward Nefertiti. Can I get closer?


Ah, I don't know. I don't know what happened.


Hundreds of twos, of threes.


Is there a nearby tree that I can climb into?


You drive a hard bargain.


For everybody, or for one?


Okay, books, cats, I get it, that's so good. Love your fascination of both the most boring things that I can think about, including books and cats. But let's go look at something awesome.


Not separated in any way, just frozen over, to the north, or is it separate?


My dreams are on this plane?


So I'm going to buy an extra reaction, for Sentinel.


Okay, so. Vasselheim is unaware of what's going on, but a lot of cities have been destroyed.


Maybe I'll use Luck, and go again.


She's the anti-Percy.


(Sean Connery voice peters out) You don't want his trouble with the Myriad to spill over to you, do you?


I admire this fire in your eyes, but it's so stupid.


You know how valuable it is to be a jack of all trades. I've tried some things in the meantime while I've been landlocked.


That's exactly how he talks.


I have advantage on that.


Ten. No. 11.


Giving a good deal.


Yeah, F-J-O-R-D. Fjord.


Woo, Markinthepark!


Hard water.


Oh no, come on! Don't! (all laugh)


What happened to Vandrin?


You said to do the hand movements and the whispery thing. And I did it and it worked!


So I pull both of their hands and I say--


I was about to say anything like being able to go by the stars or otherwise is something I might be able to do very well.


You can all argue over it, but I hand it to Mollymauk. As well as the cat's eye.


And bear farts.


Man, it was a great night. I had a great night! I haven't had a great night in a long time, you guys. That was a great night.


No, we're going to save them. You owe me six gold.


Nose punch.


And did you encounter any kind of threats?


Again?


Oh, you haven't heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter and joined Dr. Dranzel's Spectacular Traveling Troupe, where he learned the ways of the world and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he's never known: the true love of a fellow gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he'll support his allies but rarely draws blood unless it's to protect fellow gnome Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


You were great! You handled yourself so well. Man, you were rock-solid in there!


Do I have enough time to react?


Maybe on the job board at that place.


Thank you for your time.


He could be evil. We could turn evil here!


30 feet. So she's waiting for the twins to do their work and anything that's left over she's going to scatter.


Well, okay, but I can - (whispering) I can be really quiet. I can do Hide In Plain Sight now. So, I could completely hide myself standing there.


I reach out and I take out my potion of acid resistance and I drink it. (laughter)


I go ahead and I light an incense in our teepee, and I make some flowers grow. That's better. That's nice.


I'm taking just 25 gold off of my bracers.


That fucking giant sword-swinging bastard! Is he even wearing underpants under that? We don't know.


Except this is D&D so they're real penises.


In the meantime, it's just plus one to my AC. How many attuned items can I have at this level?


Being an earth elemental and ripping it apart.


Ugh, Grog's pec is right in my eye.


Beau had an idea! Get them, Beau! You tell her--


It's clear they're not deviating the path.


Okay, fuck. Shit. Okay. Well, I'm not going to take it back.


Peter Pan and Wendy.


I was so excited and then it went away so quickly!


I'll have Trinket attack for my bonus. But I want to just--


While we're getting ready, Molly, I don't know if you unintentionally dodged the question last time, or if you didn't hear me, but you never exactly told us how the circus creates and writes their performance acts.


Yeah, we can. Perception check.


Cheap shot, at best.


Well, it's short. There anything around here that looks like a staff or a pole or rod?


People can actually, in real time, call us when we're wrong on our own stuff.


He's like outcast, yeah. But he's gonna help us fight all of his tribe who hates us.


I haven't been in a fight yet.


We're also doing Wednesday Club, me and Liam. We're going to be talking about my favorite book, Hellboy.


What? Who said that? What?


Ja. Straight Up Catapult, is that what it's called? I'll take that as well.


No, I decided not to back away.


Pittsburgh, yeah.


Goddamnit. No.


I've got a Google one.


Yeah, we got to go.


Nope, that's it. That's my turn.


No, oh, sorry.


That little vein on the side of your forehead--


Shall we tarry on, everyone?


Nice. Right. Cool. Am I restrained anymore?


Wait, did I have an inspiration dice from last-- fuck.


Undead and oozes have disadvantage on saving throws.


Yeah, yeah very.


I don't know. I want to shake your hand, but at the same time, I want to smash it.


We did. We may need that later, sadly.


Very much so. I could not think of anyone better for this particular occupation. I am nothing but prideful.


Okay. Thank god. I think Grog is by Vex, yeah? I'm going to cast my 6th-level Bones of the Earth.


(gasps) It's nothing to brag about, scrawny.


I mean, I really don't see what the problem is, right? Hellfiend goes, "Oh, time to go shopping for slaves." He walks up to the Arches, we set a trap, Vax goes stabby-stab-stab, Percy goes (gunshot), Pike goes, (high-pitched) "Hi", and like, donesky!


Not as in the-- I understand.


He wouldn't know anything about these-- Can we go back in?


Can you cast Locate Creature right now?


Oh. Athletics check.


Yeah, I don't think so. Listen, let's just kick this thing off. I'll toss Frumpkin back to Caleb. Look, I leave this in your capable hands.


Yes. Ethred. Or Sprigg. Whichever you like. You can call me Sprigg. Can you help me pray to Ioun? We need answers, and I think together we might find them.


You look rejuvenated. Did you say Bisaft?


Why is that creepy?


What should I be, Matt?


Hah.


Ja, they're pouring bloody water down here.


But it's a 5th-level fucking spell. That's a lot!


Who rolled high?


I step forward.


It's just one little ribbon?


Yeah, I'm, uh, I study handwriting.


Didn't we take some of that crystal? Didn't we take some of that?


It will.


(slurring) What do we have to do?


Well, the twins buggered. Ornna? God only knows.


Big ten, which if you think about it rounded is like 100.


No. He did what Scanlan does with Counterspell. He beefed it up.


Kind of sounds like your upbringing, Percy.


What are you guys talking about? Kill him!


No, let's stand on principle.


Yeah, around Grog.


200 feet? 100 feet?


Money well spent.


Do I in my knowledge in having watched this crazy motherfucker with Polymorph know if striking him and taking away his little bit of life, he poofs back, right? Okay, so bonus action to disengage from Vecnards, and I'm going to fly at that fox, and I am going to strike him with the flame tongue dagger. (cheering)


Old Purvon.


But also just covering it up with a blanket afterwards.


(mispronouncing) Brian Foster.


Does he let out a fishy scream?


Are we talking about drugs again?


Vex saw him and he did not want anyone to know about this moment that he had. So in a fit of panic, he gave her something, anything, a title. A title to make her keep her confidence. The title was Lady Vex'ahlia, the Baroness of the Third House of Whitestone and Grand Mistress of the Gray Hut. (laughter)


Could we stick things through the bubble?


Fantastic! Nott, pace yourself now, you hear?


But still alive.


So if I ask you a question that is almost impossible to answer, you could answer it before Ioun could answer it?


I don't even think we'd throw our name in the mix.


I will not go with Yasha because Sentinel and Sentinel.


Six plus five. 11.


And he can fly.


Oh. Okay, I'm still holding the boat. That's fine.


And now you've got four other people keeping an eye on you.


Than my spell. Bigger than my spell?


Smurfs!


Duty looks... worn.


Full-frontal assault on a demon prison in the basement of--


I know an enchantment spell and an illusion spell.


We lead the horse to water, we force it to drink, we give it some food, hope it lives.


Man, I couldn't do that.


What if he comes back and destroys us with this thing in six months? Two months?


What the hell!


This is still the same day, correct?


And I'll just phone Vex real quick and say, hey, didn't work. I'm going to go back to Ank'harel now.


No, I'm doing it.


They're both at the bed?


Brother. Come on. What are you gonna do?


Lillith is a true friend. Zahra, as well.


My face hurts.


The succubus?


She doesn't do that. It would cost a lot of money!


Grog and I go in search of a, shall we say politely, whorehouse.


That's true. That is true. That's probably why it was underwater.


You're so smart, Grog!


Unless you want to go with your protégé there.


Whatcha buying, kids?


There's four pots? Now there's three. Can I see any of them from where--


--is my hair. My billowy, white afro.


Are we in mixed company?


Put the high people in the middle, maybe.


Halved. Because of his armor.


As he walks down the stairs, I call out don't get caught, shithead.


Whitestone and Vasselheim, I think. Definitely.


Hey. Can I see the barbarian through the door?


How are you going to do that, by the way?


Scanlan of the Shorthalts.


I am wickedly out of my element. I'm running from an 8-ball.


Absolutely not. (laughter)


Teach me how to do tattoos that are fancy.


What's the shadiest thing you ever did?


We go to the shore, then we climb up the volcano, then we dive into the volcano?


We walk away.


It says that I can, oh, movement? It doesn't really say, it says I can move through a space as narrow as one inch wide without squeezing.


I'm just saying, I haven't meta-gamed here.


Yes. As the first hit.


It was probably just an attempt to steal medicinals.


No, I did! I know, like, three letters, so like A, F, and A.


Can I scry on Deastok?


Are there bananas?


Yes, I can, right?


I've got-- well, they're not very good, are they?


Yeah. They taught me the same time I learned piano.


Just for fun-- no, then that's just her bonus action for that, although that would be pretty funny. I'm going to hit her one more time with a Sharpshooter shot. Do I get a bonus to hit her because she's on the ground, or no?


She has got two more rounds regardless.


I trail with Fjord! I want to know.


I can't throw something 50 feet underwater, and I can only move 15 feet.


Yeah! After every battle, we'll get all the protein we need and we'll just fart our happy asses off, all night long.


Wait, did Osysa just tell us she could possibly send us to her partner?


It's me and Yasha.


I don't know if you've noticed, but these twats below me need healing potions. Mm, whatever. Do you have anything like that on you?


Oh I didn't make it? 22 didn't make it? Oh.


Toothless?


Well, I know I have to be careful about some certain things. I think I'll be fine.


I'm right next to him.


(quietly) Get ready to use your wire.


Do you get one more hit?


Bite the wind!


They're in their own juices.


Damn it. That's not bad!


No, I'm going to fly over. Can I get to a place where I can see the troll? Well, how many is this?


I heard that you were a good member of the community.


My armor class is 17.


Sausage!


He was terrible, was it mean?


We also have that diamond and the ruby. Do we know how much that is?


This is part of the initiation process, Tary. We all went through this. Tell us everything.


So it's at disadvantage normally?


Are they to the south and west?


So I don't have enough movement to go for another.


Oh yeah, they were armored behind us?


Oh! He's so wonderful.


There was balloons.


Kash?


Acid alley is the only way to go.


Way down below.


You can't marry her.


I really enjoyed that bunker.


Can I cast Disguise Self and give myself the same sort of clerk/orderly outfit as…


I give it back.


Wednesday Club.


The ceiling is one inch above your head.


Grab Percy.


Yes, it is. My room's on the second floor.


One, three, five, eight.


Yeah, it's to bounce the heat off.


Grog, can you chop off their tails and we'll take the tails with us?


Yes, but we'll have to prepare ourselves for an attack or perhaps stalk them and kill them?


I know. I'll see you--


Fucker's having a good round.


Were her hands her own hands?


80. Okay. Then I've got to get up to where Pike is.


Pulling this ripcord.


Don't say it in the open, you guys, wait until we're in the bath.


Okay, a benefactor sent the holy charm of Sarenrae for me to present to you.


Well, you've really sold me on it, let's go find the others.


Check your Twitters and Giphys for the gifs that have already started pouring in. This seems legit.


Oh, god. That's pathetic. Five. Ten.


Most are and hunter sharks are 40-foot swim speed, killer whales are 60-foot swim speed--


Yes, damn it.


Nah, he was hanging back.


Do something amazing.


Split apart.


I hit another one.


Can I look and say  Everyone stay here. I'm going to see how far this darkness goes. I'm going to double dash and run down 60 feet in that direction, hopefully not running into anybody. I'll stop if I come into the light.


Fabulous. You're so agreeable. I do love talking to you.


Yasha, if you were to partake of a companion, what kind of companion are you interested in? Is it like a beast type of a thing, or--


Oh wait, no it's not. It's two weeks from now.


I'm going to yank Vex aside, actually.


Let's go up!


Yeah. Awesome. Okay, I'll see you around. Bye.


I haven't read those. Do they have those?


Yeah, in a pinch.


Can I turn, saving my back to the door, I turn over. I do a perception check.


He's been alone for too long.


So sacrificing Vasselheim so that we can feel better about a fight?


No, what?!


I'll keep.


I'll be right back. I'm going to run towards one of those stacks, like a child.


You're wasting your time-- never mind.


Jester, why are you smearing feces all over your face?


We're going to leave.


We have a light spell, though, don't we?


I think Grog's offering.


I don't know what to do!


I just start eating. I'm wiped out.


Mary-Anne. Marian Darrington.


I feel like we need to commemorate this. You're not the same man you were when we last saw you last night.


Which home?


No fucking way. I will just use my bonus action to dash and go on the other side of that pillar. I guess a little closer, but keeping the pillar between me and all baddies, if possible.


If there's any trees left.


Yeah, I want him to be tight in the circle here, and if I can get it to push him towards the water.


Heading what?


We also have to empty out the prisons if we get that chance of any of the citizens they may be holding.


I guess? These attacks are so weak. I don't know what else to do. I don't have anything else to do. Yeah, I guess I'll shoot another one. Why not? That hits, 23.


Okay. Okay, I was just throwing it out there.


I know the Shepherds well.


Let's camp.


All terrible things.


Oh! Yes, let's go! Oh, not you. You stay up there. Let's go, but be stealthy.


Hey, Jester. Do you happen to remember the name of that guy whose daughter we saved from the snake?


I think she has to drop a D. With that expression--


It was so good.


Should we three take watch since those three took watch last time?


And I'm rolling behind him at the same time. Behind the illithid, ready to go.


I'd leave that up to Percy.


(laughs) Sure, I'll get eight of them, or seven of them.


Biblically.


It's fucking dangerous.


Second one is a 29.


She's a very calm person. I've never seen her angry, ever.


Evo-- (gasp) that's bad.


If she'll tell us?


I shoot one with an arrow.


And Lyra did you bring anything?


Yes, our second sponsor for the evening is Backblaze! (cheering)


While he heads south, I'd like to adopt various disguises as I stop in inns, taverns, places of trade, and carefully hear if anyone is mentioning the name "Sabian," if people are talking about ships, and try and casually make my way further south, knowing that I have an amount of time to get back north. I'd like to try to make my way down and see what I can hear and find out.


Do I need to figure out how far exactly Vorugal is from us?


Yeah, let's do it. Together.


I would like to pick up the hammer.


Is it open?


(clears throat) Ysgard. Hmm. Is that on another plane?


All right. So this starts in the morn-- Which is exactly what you said. You totally said that, didn't you?


(exhales) Okay. (strained) Highbearer Orb, a moment, please.


Woohoo! I would like to make them reckless attacks.


The big creepy robot that drew us.


Cloak, gold trim?


For fuck's sake. Are we missing something here?


Oh my god, he's going to shoot his arm off.


The one that Yasha's attacking.


(breathing heavily) Ja.


Right now.


Down underneath, in the well.


What did I get?


Keyleth is unconscious.


Sleeping in.


You mentioned that the Elder Brain was pretty protected from physical damage. That there was lots of magical enchantments and stuff?


I'll lend it to them for 100 years.


Yes, but Orcus was behind the beholder.


I am going to trust my friends to take care of the monster. I have a feeling about the desk. This is what I would do. I would think that there might be something in this man's desk, so I start looking for anything of use.


We're not honest, so let's try it for once.


Six greater. All right. How much is that?


No, ruby.


Outside?


Always go for a sure thing.


Ugh! Oh Jesus! Six.


He might not be back full strength yet!


Wait, where are you? Oh, you're working. Tinkering.


Perfect in what way, leaving or fighting the dragon?


And then here is--


No, I said "mayonnaise" and it started to make mayonnaise and then it stopped so I think there's a finite amount of stuff it can make in a day. (disconcerted oohs)


Have tensions eased in the city a bit since, you know, the incident?


She rolled a 20.


Yeah! We leave early tomorrow morning.


Shit. Never would have known.


Too soon. (laughter)


Are we sure this won't make anything bad happen if we throw a body into the acid pits?


But the Tri-Spire.


She means he was--


Raging for 12 seconds, really.


Quite so stupid and reckless--


Bit of warning. Don't use her name. All right, so I'll just walk up to them.


Yeah, nope. MATT; Spends 15 feet of movement backing away there, as the boss said. You do get an attack of opportunity if you'd like to take it.


I'm going to fix my gun.


What about you, Percival?


I bite its tail.


He rolled a natural 20!


I'll also say, if we are going to attack the were-creatures, it would be nice to have a little help, maybe.


Oh man.


Well, I always need those things, but I need more time and more research.


7, 26.


Aww. I step out of the tree.


That was really close, though!


You coming here?


Me, Vex, and Vax--


Come on, what's the fidelio?


Yasha's going to rush up and aid Beau in trying to pull Marius towards the docks.


That thing could rot. Do you know what preserves a hand?


They won't actually be tails. That might actually get us in trouble.


So I can cast out of the Spire. And-- cool. While I'm under there, I want to Beast Shape into a killer whale.


Which means a lot, Molly.


Well, maybe see how you feel when we're on our way back. We wouldn't want to go around the southern tip; that's where the troops are heading. I feel like danger might be that way. It might be best to go the way we came.


Okay, they've asked specifically for Ashley, they've asked for Matt, and as for, actually I think everyone has been asked at one point in time. So I'll say maybe I'll have you guys once a month.


I have no idea. 14?!


How far away did I get?


I had some time last night.


Come on. Come on, Scanlan.


As fast as I can.


Expositors?


20. And 24.


Oh, 25. Sorry, 25.


Why is it raining again?


I walked toward the brothel, but then I bumped into Zahra. Remember Zahra?


Sherri. We asked him, but he's modest. How's he doing?


I can do one of two things. I can either scry on them, or I can do a Commune With Nature spell.


Okay. How will we know when it's time for me to release? We have to wait for Tooma to go report.


Can it get his feet?


Sounds like a time-consuming thing.


Okay. Being hit with hot shrapnel, I’m going to do a cool pole vault over Nott.


I agree with you, I just feel like there's a supernatural situation going on here that you're not necessarily telling us.


I'm kinda wondering if the tree has a tremor-sense.


By far the most fourth of all of these books. It's easily the most fourth.


The Shadowfell?


They beat feet long ago. Yeah.


It's like slapstick pizza.


What's that spell do?


We need to move.


Oh, right! I thought you meant in size.


As sort of a memorial to him. This was the last page before. "Doty, take this down." He always writes everything. "As I, Taryon Darrington, embark on a mission into the very depths of hell, I do so with no fear or hesitation. Though this undertaking is fraught with peril, I have a secret weapon that no inferno, monster or hellhound can defeat. I am flanked by the ferocious band of mercenaries known as Vox Machina. In the days since meeting this ragtag company, our relationship has blossomed. At first, I was viewed as a suspicious outsider, then as a gallant and trusted colleague, and now, having proven my mettle, accepted as a lifelong brother and full-fledged teammate. No matter what we face in the Abyss, my comrades would risk their lives for me, kill for me, and I'm 100% sure each would gladly give his or her life to save mine. Loyalty like that, you can't put a price on it. But, if I had to, I'd say their friendship is worth about 210,000 gold. Which, even to me, is a relatively large amount of money. Their faith emboldens me." (laughter)


Oh, the burn.


And change your form into an earth elemental.


Unnecessary.


As soon as Caleb felt Caduceus walk away, he dropped Frumpkin's sight because he didn't want to be smacked in the face.


Oh, do we roll?


He took an hour to cosplay his dick!


Morning! Morning has come!


Okay. Can I move over to where I have line of sight?


I'm going to pull out my symbol of the Traveler, and I'm going to say: Okay, I hope you're with me right now, because I really need your help! I'm going to try to Turn Undead.


A log?


Is there a type? I will ask that every time.


Oh, it's a buddy movie!


Right, front--


Pull it off.


Perception check, perception check, perception check.


I'm still underwater, aren't I?


It's more Dustin Hoffman "Hook", but, you know.


There's a temple in Vasselheim, and there's a temple in Whitestone.


If something goes wrong, though, it's going to be-- I would rather something go wrong with all of us than something go wrong with half of us.


Shouldn't have given him that ring. Thank you. I know I have to forgive myself. I'm not quite there yet, but I can see a path. I like where we are and what we're doing. I think that we're the right people in the right place and the right time.


My hood goes up, and I'm gone.


Vax, we've discussed our new password. Do you remember the new password?


I had a hundred points as me, and one point as an eagle.


And the sausage, just in case.


It was beautiful, terrible. I'm not entirely sure.


I heard two traps go off.


It also ensures you cannot get a prom date.


Too conscious? (laughs)


No knock on our door, only you two.


Oh? All right.


His money.


It's obviously enchanted, it doesn't--


That's so terrible!


Hit him in the nuts.


I'm going to take out one of the pamphlets for the Traveler and stick it into one of the books.


I've got this scar here. How does he think I got it?


Yes. I would like to stop and talk to Gilmore first, though, before I leave. Do I have time for that? I can fly.


Regain number of hit points equal to your level. So you gain an extra five hit points.


And Critters get a fully-featured 15-day free trial at backblaze.com/criticalrole. So go check it out, keep that song in the back of your mind when you do. (laughter)


Let's memorize where we're all going to die.


Whisper?


Yeah, this is the Ka--


It's any fire attack.


I don't know. I always hope so, but sometimes that's proven to be a little bit more difficult for some reason this season.


Oh, for fuck's sake. Same roll. Two.


I've got food.


Everyone do this.


Did I see anything that looked like guards that wore like the armor? The gold armor?


Scanlan for the win.


You should try the local fruit. It's delicious.


We don't know where these crystals are!


This is awful. Yeah, no, this is pretty bad. You know, I've actually been wanting to talk to you. I wasn't entirely planning on now. I know you've been struggling. I know you feel like you're drowning, and I'm sorry that the Raven Queen chose you, but she did choose you. You know, as druids, I was raised to have an interesting perspective on the gods. We are taught that nature is the one true powerful force. I have yet to see a god control the sunrise and the sunset, so therefore it's hard for me to sometimes have the same faith in these gods. Personally, I believe that just because you're immortal doesn't make you infallible. These gods can be great ambassadors of their virtues and what they represent, or they can be horrible disgraces to their domains. And just because some self-proclaimed person or deity decides that they want control? Doesn't mean that they have to have control over me. Now, this does not mean that I do not respect the gods and the power that they wield, but, I mean, for the love of Sarenrae, we have seen Pike do many a powerful thing. So, therefore, I do not respect the gods any more than I respect the living people who are standing beside me at this moment. So I've also been coming to terms with the fact that it seems that, whether we like it or not, we are going to have to employ their services. Looks like we're going to have to be working with them in some way or another, myself included, if we are going to overcome this. So maybe you should start rethinking the way you look at your relationship to the Raven Queen. Maybe this can be a fine partnership. A fine endeavor to do with her, and then once we save the world and we retire and some other young prodigies come forward to save the world again, then we can thank her for her services and move on. I don't think we'll always need her. I don't think you will always need her. And, keep in mind, the one true thing that gives these gods their power are their worshipers. So I guess I'll let you choose what you want to be. And I walk off to catch up with the ladies.


I rolled really well.


Yes, we have to be fancy for that place.


I will sing a song of rest, which will give us 1d8 for everybody.


What history do you remember?


Where's the airship by the way, as well?


We might need you for the water ashari.


Nope. Didn't find any.


Yeah, what'd you have?


If I were to hit the fish guy at the top and make that the corner of a cube and go this way, it would probably only get two of them, right?


He’s so good. He really sells it.


Are you going to join?


I'll go behind them.


Oh, I bet those have gone really bad.


No, he didn't.


Oh, we know. We know.


Like an aunt?


Does this book-- is it of this town, or?


Front of the blouse or a satchel on her side?


And Nugget's going to run up and try to bite and play with Frumpkin.


I Percy'd.


Zadash is medium, or smaller.


Is that Draconic?


We need to change it to the Balleater as quickly as possible. Nott, I need you to hang over the side of the ship with a paintbrush--


Somebody help me check these crates.


He ain't going to fucking be here in the morning.


It doesn't matter, you're out.


Keyleth. So if it's occupied with my friend, I can take a second, aim really well, and sneak attack from up here. Okay, so that is 24.


So he stayed in the town.


Well, I do declare I'm invisible.


Jackpot. Dex save at disadvantage.


He was an evil fiend. When he joined the circus, who brought him in?


Distract them. Get them away from us.


Okay. And then I'm going to use my bonus action--


Okay, I'm going to give Molly a healing potion.


Yeah, I'm going to hang out for a minute and attack it from the inside.


Let's make a plan.


I'm even more embarrassed that I know you now. It was already bad. This is why you're never going to be on my show, Matt.


Nothing! We've got to hurry!


Just a good name. Fuck. Damn you and your good name and character creation. Slow it down, man. Fucking us up over here. Giving us alternate dimensions and shit.


Then we'll make our way up to Nogvuror. Oh man, this is awesome. Hey look, look over here! This is where I live!


I could give you an animal form.


I had advantage on it already. 14.


You want my sister to live in a mausoleum?


Let's ask around and see if anything has been a little out the ordinary, or maybe, in the ordinary.


You guys notice that it's weird that no one's actually really talking about this? This is a small town. I come from a small town. Small town people gossip.


Yeah. Just... you know, maybe go around?


Cool. I'm going to cast Invisibility. And I can see it, because I'm on the other side of the ramp, right? I'm going to cast Chain Lightning right at the foot.


Are you describing a date right now?


To attack, right, to attack. Which was to cast Vow of Enmity and not to attack, as well?


Wait, no, we're not putting that in the Bag of Holding. That sounds like a terrible idea. However, let me read something really fast.


Man, that solves that problem.


Have you seen a snake called Simon? Or any snake?


Does that make her the leader or something? Is that how all the dragons got through? I'm still not quite sure.


I totally did.


Feeling guilty that you knocked him out, brother?


I just don't know how to walk away from something like this.


Grog, just kill it!


Cali?


And why do we care?


(like Laura) Yeah.


If I move at all, I'm going to take opportunity from skeletons.


If you have the d4, you can use the d4.


He dies!


39 for the second attack.


Okay. I'm sorry. I was just distracted because we're in a dire situation and I miss the love of my life, Pike. I'm sure you can't identify with that.


Yeah, it’s getting real romantic real quick, Scanlan.


Oh. Look at this, so fancy.


I literally get a one.


He's so pissed.


Somewhere in the world there's a person who never rolls under 17. And I was placed on this planet to balance the math to save you all. To prevent the center of the planet from collapsing and taking us all with it. You're welcome.


Fuck. How long did that take?


I used movement and bonus action to move, and I'll use action to-- (whispering) shit, who do I fuck up? (laughter) There's no one engaged with anyone, so there's no one I can do sneak attack to. Instead, I'll do a Hail Mary. I'll take out a bit of fleece, and rub it, and speak some words, and cast Phantasmal Force on Avantika.


Wait, can your thing still--


It was left by a woman.


That's true. They probably don't give any shits.


You have a secret knock you maybe used?


That's yesterday.


Oh wait, Pike! Will you hook us up?


Is that the one area with hats?


Oh, Grog.


Nott's going to die!


Is he starting to make his way out of the camp?


We kill him, too.


Whatever you want to do, you are the deity here. So this is a 17 to hit.


Half my level.


I'm unconscious. Oh, right. Because I'm unconscious. Seven.


We could try and get the fuck out of here.


We're covered in that black messiness, I assume.


Should I get one in the store? Are they available?


I love you! Let me love you!


I'm gonna try to unlock it.


Good. Going to piss that guard off.


Should we drunkenly walk to the tree?


That's what he's doing, Grog.


And I just yell, sorry!


I've-- to ride the carpet down to the bottom with Percy and Tiberius.


It's true, yeah. Anytime you fly.


And would you eat? Because my mom said you would eat them!


Now I'm moisture.


Well, let's not call names.


It's a cantaloupe.


Why would you do that, and what happened?


If you're down.


What?! Telekinesis? What's he doing? What does that do? That moves things, right?


Plus 10.


(slurred) See? When you travel-- wait, no. When you travel west to east, you gain time. See?


I have thieves' tools? And I have acid.


That's a 14?


It was actually 500 gold.


We need to find diamonds. Can we find them while we're here? Can we find them where we are?


Who did you tell? Percival, who did you tell?


What does it say? What is it? What does it look like?


Yeah. Okay, here's my thing. Why do we need to do reconnaissance? We already know what we need to do.


I haven't done an Entangle in a second-- give me a second.


The Kryn?


Or like Pike.


I can keep blowing his mind like this. It's quite nice.


Did he take any damage?


Right, whatever's best for the ship.


So we'll heal up now.


Okay. Second one is balls. And the third one is... 20.


Yeah, it's just waiting for us. I mean, we're basically the richest people ever.


You're proficient in mail fraud.


What is that? Oh, plus my spell attack. Okay, so 16 was one, 19, and 19.


I just gained the ability to do those head shots, like, two games ago, too. I'm just so excited.


That's down by Westruun.


No, I mean, I mean burn you from the vines.


He stabbed you in the back. (laughter)


I do keep my small pistol under my pillow.


A Legendary Action?


Were there other buildings like that, ready to fall from the ceiling?


(singing) D.A.R.E to keep a Grog off Kas!


I don't know if you have numbers low enough. Two.


I haven't seen them for a while. I don't know how they'll react to seeing me.


Wow, I have a lot to re-evaluate.


She's very passive-aggressive.


Please don't leave me behind.


I'm really very sorry to bother you, although I'm delighted to make your acquaintance. I'm having a very hard time not just smiling like an idiot. Could we trouble you just for a few moments? We mean no harm at all. We do need to talk to you. We've come a very long way... as farts. That's got to count for something.


12. Plus nine.


We'll hear a thunk, won't we?


I'm going to use Luck. That's better. 22.


Not Thorbir, he's great.


Getting some money to go and come to the slave market.


19 damage to her is what I rolled.


I am poisoned, though.


What's going on over there?


Kind of, yeah. It was on a little pedestal, and people were looking at it, and it had a little card on it. Then I saw this guy, and I was like, he's a mean man, and I said--


Infamous, maybe?


Come on, girl.


He has been grooming us and fattening us up for two years.


How on earth could we--?


Yeah. You guys get all up on the roofs while I'm making a scene in the middle and we pull off the greatest stage show there's ever been.


It's a novel.


And I will go as far into that corner, hiding between Fjord and the corner, if I'm able to.


It's a little sticky, slimy?


That's wonderful. That's smart.


Druid magic's different.


Oh, we're leaving today.


We should get some waxed canvas or something.


You in your little pink hat! We just love you.


No! Spread and flank? Spread and flank?


Three red urns?


It's going to reveal our position, isn't it?


Maybe I can become a member.


Yeah. I'm excited.


Oh, shut up, man, don't fucking do that shit. (laughter)


Yeah, like a paste.


Good money or trade for some supplies!


To be honest, he doesn't take me along with him to many business deals, but he has great influence over many places and cities, and important people, and I don't exactly know the ins and outs of the business--


Right, I've got to talk simpler; sorry. That's my mistake. Taryon gave me a very unique item, and the purpose of it was to fuck with you. (cheering)


Umbrasyl was here. Acid.


One more shot.


I thought she was covered in leaves.


We're stacking the deck, man. We're stacking it.


We gotta leave the city, though, right? Out of respect.


That does not work.


Yeah, dude. It was really far away, yo. I've got a decent speed, okay, fine. That's my turn then.


Yeah. If you really respected me, you wouldn't pick me up like some sort of dwarf and pick me up and put me down and take off your fucking armor and treat me like a fucking child.


Vampire.


It's called "Your Turn to Roll" so look it up.


Beau, go give Caleb a hug.


I'm going to go walk over to Grog really quickly.


About there. First thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pull out Bad News and I'm gonna take a shot, and I'm gonna try and disarm him.


We're mutually-- We're going after the same people that have affected them.


Have we achieved our long rest yet?


And in the immortal words of Bob Ross, "Everybody needs a friend," and I want to give him a big fucking bear hug. And I would like to try and grapple him, if I could.


So we can get through it?


But Liam did, I mean, Vax did something.


I hope there's really something in here.


Hey, greenie. How-- who did this? What caused the cave-in?


Oh yeah. And they drop shit on you from above, so keep your eye out.


Oh shit, because she's going to turn into something.


Are they just gems, or are they specific pieces of jewelry?


She's haggling you right now.


Nothing. I'd probably tag along with Percival.


What's flying around in the sky?


Got it. Then I will move a few steps away. I can still move and stuff, right? I would like to move away from this group of soon-to-be-blasted-with-dragon-fire people. Just a few yards away to my left.


Put it on the thing, on the paper.


How tall am I?


No dubstep today. No wub wub.


As I cast-- As I say silence, I blow a big plume of fire out of my mouth, and I cast Control Flames.


We need to go kill those giants right now. We have a holy gnome right now. I don't know how you came to us Pike. We need to go to them, and then we need to go to the Briarwoods now. Now.


Yeah, we just got 26 points back.


Yes. I don't know if it was an entire ship, but it was a ship.


She's saying you got one more shot, and we still have some sunlight.


It's a 20. (laughter)


(vomiting) (laughter)


It's The Silmarillion.


So we could pop in our tunnels and they could be like, "what's up?"


Well, what will we put in the doorway of the tree, though?


Well, Pelor gave me this. Snap, snap, snap, zip. This. It's a stone and it's supposed to be strong enough to--


Yasha's going to turn and bear hug Marius.


Well, I mean, okay


It was on a 20.


Percy, you've outdone yourself.


No. I cast Watery Sphere on him, and try to capture the guy in my sphere. That is-- oh, plus this! (gasps) Oh my god, I always forget it's that number. It's 27.


Advantage on this. 24.


I go and get some tea, make the rest of the tea for everybody.


It's sight and hearing for Find Familiar.


It's underwater or something?


Use Liam's!


That's true. How about the casks, what's in the casks?


I have a thought. There was something we used to do and sometimes I'd get hired to do in my town. A little bit of subterfuge. If we wanted to try and--


Nothing can shoot through the Wind Wall.


Familiar?


Well, wait a minute. Kraghammer is just getting our money and leaving, right?


Yep! All up front!


Don't kill the giant!


How many words do I have left?


Yeah, that helps people. But if everyone knows who we are, it'll be much harder to fight all the crime.


Oh no, Grog can't read. (laughter)


Oh, okay, so I would add 13 plus athletics.


Before and after, okay.


Bringing up the rears.


It's like the CPA mini-game of Vox Machina!


How does this work, Matt? Does she know all this inherently?


If we see those teenagers also, we should probably call them off.


So basically, a sorcerer Neverland Ranch.


Somewhere else.


What did you say, Ashley?


So take the broom back and fly 100 feet behind him. It's an idea.


You smell like, ugh.


Deborah Ann Woll has a plan! Get to where I fall in! I'm still in inter-dimensional space!


Are we staying here? It's not very private.


Yeah, probably Ank'harel.


Won't it be unfortunate when you find out I have diplomatic immunity?


I'm outside with her and I'm casting Dancing Lights into the trees so that she can see better.


Toad guy.


It's wood.


I was going to hit the one that didn't have much left.


No, I don't think we do.


To be fair, that usually is the plan.


Look at you, you're a killer.


We're just getting them in the right county.


(laughing) Yes, exactly! (all laugh)


Okay, then never mind.


No, I'm hoping that you're going to patronize us. (laughter)


Yeah, he's like Rudy.


Okay. I don't know where a d20 is.


Which ones are the Gryffindors? I know one of these two teams is the Gryffindors.


Oh, so it's up at the peak?


If I succeed, it's nothing. If I fail--


It was his idea!


Business friends.


Yeah. The human half looks half-elven, ever so slightly elven features. Slightly pointed ear, but the left side covered.


Can you explain to us, maybe, your relationship with Kylre? If that was his name.


This guy went from the Simpson's Safeway clerk to the shadiest motherfucker in a snap of time, because of your question.


Just leave!


Halfway there already.


I have experience being a quartermaster, so I'll do that as well.


There's black and green. You guys should go on the website and check it out, because all the little details are freaking amazing.


Tell you what, I'll hold onto that armor for the time being.


They can't? Are they vampires?


Serious, serious abs.


Ugh, six.


Are we Pass Without a Trace right now? 44.


This is like the Underdark again.


"I guess that silverware wasn't so important."


It's actually 29 points.


Gimme. Gimme!


This has definitely been disused. Disused? Is that a good word?


Bite the tentacles.


Okay. Well, all right, but -


Stingy works.


That don't suck. And then he's on fire now, right?


Consider it paid! You look the same. Does he look the same?


Reverse pile-drive.


Do you collect dragon scales for your candles?


I'm definitely raising two. From your two, I'm going to add in another three. So five extra on the table.


Frightened.


Thank you, Laura and Taliesin. How do I look?


I have a question for you as well.


What was it like, Bachee or something like that? Man, that game pissed me off.


Super intimidating. Oh, but then I've got to fucking attack something. All right, I'm going to be super intimidating and say: Drop it!


(singing) Stinking Cloud!


Oh, fuck. That's right.


The other goliath!


I think we've all risked our lives for each other at one point and another, so it's your turn, Tary. Welcome to the family.


The bath!


Eight. Not good enough, I'll use Luck. 13 plus nine? 22.


Ugh, he's still alive!


You have to be close to it, like you have to hit it with your fists.


Not the one! Not that one!


The portal to the other dimension is underwater and through a rift.


You know, Scanlan. (cheering)


Well, what are we going to need on this trip? Maybe we should get whatever supplies we need. Is it far? Are we going to become gas?


Correction for me, not 11 minutes, 20 minutes. Still doing it.


Thatta girl!


Thank you. But when I was sick, the most incredible thing that I saw was the impact that video games had on the people and on the children that were fighting cancer and other rare diseases. And witnessing the incredible good of the game community of video games. My dad and I resolved to make an organization that used and capitalized on that incredible good of the video games, of the gaming community, to help those suffering from rare diseases. And so one year later, GameChanger charity was born, and we started out just collecting games from the incredible gaming community, giving them back to kids suffering from rare diseases. And seven years later it evolved into what we have now. Now we're sponsored with some incredible gaming organizations like Square. A huge thanks to them for partnering with us for this awesome campaign. But yeah, today we go into hospitals and do things called GameChanger days where we go and we bring food for the staff, for the families, for the kids suffering from rare diseases. We bring them gaming packages so they can bond together. We provide college scholarships, and we really just try and provide hope and inspiration-- the same hope and inspiration that games really provided me when I was sick.


All right, I'll cast Sanctuary on-- on myself.


It's hard to see on the screen.


He's been with me through a lot, and I don't want him at the bottom of a ditch.


What happened in there?


Everyone is asking for you guys to somehow get Vin Diesel.


Yeah, obviously.


We got two of 'em.


There's Allison, there was shit alleys, and there was all kinds of fun stuff.


That was nasty, it was real good.


I'll still wear the big bronze pot on my head.


Oh, are we just riding up?


Fjord, should we have a quick ship's meeting?


Yay! Let's do it!


And rip off-- I think I have a patch.


That's good! Just straight wisdom?


Guiding Bolt on the one closest to me.


I'm gonna smack his ass right now. Whack!


I would've done a cantrip.


(Jester voice) Jester, where did you land?


We can come back for him.


(gasps) No, but they could run away, it's not like time freezes.


I can't understand what the-- What the hell's she saying?


The blue one.


Pass over?


I never trust that. That's never been good.


Can I sacrifice one of my lucks as tribute?


That's right. Zadash is on the edge of the empire too, right?


Make a splits check.


Jamedi does not like her.


As a bonus action, I'll smack him again. I will smack him, and then I'll smack him one more time, and that's going to be seven damage.


She's going to keep trying to listen to one word.


Can we have another cup?


Breaking in the new box.


I just want to look at it.


Plus six. That is 21.


(laughing) Karen.


You played yourself.


I wasn't even shooting at him!


Fifteen plus whatever.


With someone else.


What. Is. K'varn?


Can I use-- everybody is really close. All right.


So like zero-G.


(singing) To be a shark man.


Theoretically, they were trying to keep Allura from us, anyway, so it's not like she can help us in Emon. Right? So we can go home.


Are you going to start calling me Ioun's Champion?


I cast Spike Growth.


Okay, well, we wrongly assumed that ones and 20s were king, but no.


Where should we bring him?


And I'm gonna take the other shot.


Yes! 23.


Trinket runs--


Just under 700.


That was an intimidation tactic. I would never hurt a child!


Come on, Percy roll! He's got shitty AC.


It was a big thing of tongs. I didn't know what it did, I just wanted it.


Right. I have an intelligence of six, I know what I'm doing.


We just didn't think anybody would buy them.


It's in Goblin.


I don't know. I don't think we're going to bring it down.


I call him back. I feel like that's animals. That's not the tree we're looking for.


Like Bond villains.


Oh yeah, I wish were there in person.


It's made of metal, guys.


The best thing that I could do in that department is Slow, hopefully, all of them down. All of them, if they are closely grouped. If not, I could hold one person.


Do you require anything?


Guys? Guys!


There was a bunch of gold.


Also, sometimes maybe it's just a stormy night here in the forest.


It's the duergar.


This is our time now!


I mean, I don't care to show anything.


Let's figure out what we do have, though.


Okay, guys, this is a little bit of family trouble, just give me a minute. And I leap on top of her, I take the cup of water and I splash it in her face and I throw flour on her face like that!


There's some art nouveau happening. That's all I can really ask.


I'm not, like, I'm not checking. It's fine if you do. Okay.


(counting) 20.


That's what the mice are eating.


He might have very soft footfalls.


Let's buy some potions.


Keyleth, scry on Tary. Pike, did you find anything at the bakery?


What is it like being in your head?


You sound like The General car insurance.


I would tell you that under the correct rule, and a return of power to this Herd, dragons would bend a knee to the Herd of the Storm. Where is Zanror?


So we could put it on our little floaty deal.


Flayed bear tattoo. Got it.


Do you know how to open this door?


Goddang it!


Not with my toes, no.


Who? Oh me, yes! Thank you.


Grog, no, no, let go, Grog drop it, Grog drop --


Man, thanks for that. You keep presenting with stuff that we don't really want, but then we see it and we're like, "We need it!" Then we don't want it, like animals. Now we have a boat.


To be not within five feet of Caleb. I want to be against the wall of whatever that-- yeah, like that.


Oh yeah, you are.


Can I cast Pass Without a Trace so everyone around me gets plus ten?


I walk over. (clears throat) Could I possibly entertain you with some company?


Okay. So there is a woman behind him. Taller than your average... lass. (laughter)


Man, I can just picture the spot in my bag of holding that that rod is going to go into.


I'm going to shoot, as well.


Can you guide me there?


I will tell you because I cannot do it all the time, but when I am ready, I will summon lightning from the sky and fry him, destroy him! And I can do it again and again and again!


Well, there's the Everplume Reef, there's the Torrid Reef, but this looks like the Inkclaw Reef?


I've never played with a magical item before.


I like that Scanlan takes out an entire house, and we're all probably going to die.


Boo.


He's going to Blues Traveler it.


And it is out of town.


That means I'm going to slam into you.


Aw, damn it.


Can you guys also track where we are based on them?


Oh, fucking shit.


You want heavy in combat, so you would want--


Greatest plan we've ever had. You were amazing.


You speak Zemnian.


It's all good.


Oh, is this required? Refugee from the Empire, looking for better life.


I'm staying on guard in case anything else comes through.


I hand off 20 gold to Caleb. Here. Here's for hiring crew.


The mind flayer isn't on pause!


(loudly) What are you saying, Beau?


My spell DC may be higher. I don't know if I have increased that in a while.


Natural 20! (screaming, cheering)


He got booped.


It's a contest. It's like an arm wrestle. It's like arm wrestling with dice.


Wait, do I make a dexterity check? I mean I'm not-- okay.


Do you like your father?


May I say something? I realize you want to go and protect your people, but even if you run, you guys will eventually come across a dragon that will kill all of your people. So what if we fight together? Because there's strength in numbers.


I was already covered in crocodile bile.


Or we can go through Hupperdook.


But can you cast things while you can't move?


The head is so perfect.


You're hardly ugly on the outside.


I'm getting partial cover.


Did you already give him the gold?


I can't add.


Wow. Best fight ever.


I've never rolled a double digit initiative roll, ever.


We're not doing--


Good question.


(nervous laugh)


I go, (growls) right back to him.


I'm doing my best to empty the cask of ale into the town patrons and myself.


Do you have a card that I can see?


Roll for balls.


You take Scanlan, I'll take Percy.


Other way.


There's stones that are thrown into the river. There are stones that are thrown upon the river, but the river always moves.


I know, it's like a little present to yourself that you forgot you got.


I mean... this big guy?


I would like to use my movement to push as far into the crowd as I can.


(whispering) Write it on your body. All over your body.


Pudding.


You look right on, right there.


No landmarks, no lakes?


Oh good!


Oh, he was going in the direction we were going.


Are they all members of the same party? They travel with the Briarwoods?


Thank god we healed. We would've all been dead.


There's a beautiful view out this window.


Percy, use your badass motherfucker feat to have it work.


Go for it! I'm also immune to a lot of shit.


Bullshit. So he saw me. I'm going to jump down behind, north side. Northwest side, right in the corner there. I'm going to go (small squeak) and try to not get hit.


(quietly) I don't say anything.


So that one is 60 on that guy.


So wait, is going through the lake gonna get us through to the general?


It's okay. We already got in touch.


Oh god, not really.


I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry that you're going through this, and I'm more sorry that you're going through this by yourself, but I think deep down you're a Shorthalt, and there's something that you have that's connected to me and I to you, and perhaps I misread that as some sort of-- ugh-- icky attraction, and I apologize, but I've known for a while now that something is missing in my life, some sort of focus, and some sort of moral compass. Maybe it's just arrived at my doorstep?


God-sized.


(gasps) Oh my gosh. Wait, did I Hunter's Mark the queen?


Is Keyleth--


This is dark. Even for me, this is dark.


We're pretty flush, I think we can handle it.


Right. Is that a good or a bad?


Yeah, he's probably going to save from that too.


Oh, it didn't do anything?


Sometimes you do.


Like people deliberately trying to stay away from it?


Okay. So does this count as sneak attack? All right, so I roll a nine for damage, plus eight, 12, 14, 15, 17 of sneak attack damage, with the first attack, that's poison. And the poison is DC 15.


What is he going to do with that thing?


And then I'm going to try to shoot the baby with my Blazing Bowstring. That would be a 30. And I'm going to make it a bramble shot.


There's a shop that I used to frequent. We can see if that's perhaps been abandoned.


So I should keep it hidden?


Oh my gosh! Oh jeez!


Beau lost.


If I used Sacred Flame on one-- because if it's dark in there and one of them burst into flames wouldn't they all look in that direction?


Kiki, a couple more faces. Can you shimmy your way up here, please?


This is a galley.


That was some mean shit, man.


I couldn't see their faces, I couldn't see. They were all covered in these robes. It felt like...


Birthdays are shite.


She made a what?


Oh! Object scry?


Yeah, it has damage resistance against acid, bludgeoning, piercing, slashing from non-magical weapons.


Oh! Off a Duck's Back!


Yeah, or maybe, like, you know, a black ooze. You wanna do that?


Because it went away when I did that.


Yeah, for the deception.


I'm, by the way, human looking right now.


I mean, if we use Pass Without A Trace, right?


Yep, yep, yep.


And new art.


I have a healing potion. I have a healing potion.


Members-only jackets.


Like a day.


D20, proficiency bonus, intelligence modifier?


You piece of shit.


Oh, was I supposed to still be at disadvantage?


You have fire hands.


Wherever we see him! Let's talk to Sonny here, creepy Sonny.


I have a bonus action? I'm going to use my bonus action to cast another ki point to do Step of the Wind and dash back towards the pedestal.


I'll either flank him or, yeah.


Shh! Don't tell the internet, they'll find--


Stupid pigeons.


Then for the time being, I take off the Ioun Stone and I (fzzt) dissipate it and... put it on.


(shocked laugh)


Well, hold on. He made a deal with you. If he doesn't do it, we'll find somebody that will. He's a man of his word, and we'll back it up. You don't have to do it.


All the time?


So not the two sides that are on fire.


Oh! I'm going to go to my sister, I'm going to drag her out and I'm going to pop the one healing potion I have down her gullet.


22 points, you said?


I've got your back. I'll go with you.


It's like a dance! It's like a beautiful dance.


Perhaps he's hiding, which is why he couldn't answer that question.


(laughs) I don't know if that evens out. But all right.


It's an hour. It takes an hour, right?


Let me get this straight, Garmelie. You require of us a piece of a threshold crest.


Yeah. I think I'll join you.


Can you scry on the pit fiend?


Wow! That was incredible.


Does it say anything about it liking the sound of song?


Over the earring  If he knows we're here, then all bets are off, but if he doesn't know we're here, I'm going to be able to lay a massive amount of hurt on him.


Last thing.


Oh, the rock. That's a really good idea.


Do you want these back--


We're running an errand for K'Varn. Don't worry about it.


Sure, great, yeah, of course it is. And his bonus action.


Oh come on, it's like (light thud).


Oh! I forgot. I came here for a reason. My brother is shaken up from last night, and I think he might be a little worried about - I don't know, he sent me to find you. I'm not exactly sure what's going on, but he looked terrible, and he thought maybe you would be able to help?


That's a 22 to hit.


Oh god, those used to be really great for me. 17!


Is it important? Do you need me right now? This is pretty important.


I don't hear anything. (laughter)


I would like to run up the bed and stab up. Both hands. Clicking the Boots of Haste.


It's going to hurt, but we know.


She also owns a bakery. Co-owns a bakery. With the rest of us. And she is one of the finest bakers we have.


How much time can I spend and still get a good rest?


(coughing) I think that might have-- I'm going to get a drink. You guys carry on. Ow, my pride.


I could not teleport us. It depends on how many times. I've got two teleports, so I can teleport us there and teleport us out, but we'd be doing it from here.


Some cards?


In my travels through--


Hmm, I have a feeling there are more eyes on us here than we even realise.


No, we're in a closed space.


And we're whispering. We're whispering, but we're not whispering so that people can hear. We're definitely whispering over--


So many treats and treasures.


Yeah. I have a crowbar.


I flashed her the look, man. She was mine, what can I say?


And eat Pringles. (all laugh)


No, and thank you for not being-- somebody has to be all right. I mean, I'm fine, I'm fine.


Easy, psycho.


Well, not any kind of creature, but I've made him an octopus once. There was this one time when Nott was very high up in a burning building and we had no way to get her down.


That was ages ago.


We're going to die. Yep!


Callback!


If you do eat anything, and you shouldn't, but if you do eat anything, eat something you don't recognize, it'll be funnier that way.


No? Do you want me to draw you right now? I'll do it, okay!


We've basically walked into the Crucible.


So here's your numbers.


(gasps) Oh, you sneaky fuck!


Okay. Okay. 23.


I also like the idea of maybe giving the healing potion to the healer.


Someone asked when Trinket came into the mix. Day one.


I'm sorry. We can do all of those things. Yes, let's go in the middle of the vampire-infested town and do some arbory to try to heal the tree, and then we'll just say, oh, sun god, please rain down sun here.


What's going on, you guys? What's happening? Can I... I think they're attacking him.


I’m going to get some duergar!


He was just being nice to us!


It's fine, you're not there.


And I'm going to turn to the wyvern, and take two slashes at the wyvern.


Well, what's half a dozen dead guards these days?


No, I wouldn't. I'm not--


You can disguise yourself. You can disguise yourself as Crick!


Molly. Charmed.


Great, so we just need to investigate the guards.


Oh yeah, that's right! I could run down and grab my sickle, why not?


Just a second. He's not an elf!


Doesn't make much sense, apparently he builds whips out of plots.


Yeah, sorry about that.


Yeah, no. Not straight behind.


Don't see me! Don't see me!


Yes, I'll do a whole thing of Sportsball. If you give me a Superbowl ring that's worth 45 grand? Yeah. (laughter)


That was my action surge. I can only do one round. Just seeing if I have anything at a bonus that I can do.


There's a cipher in the front.


It creates that.


Um, no.


A Blanston candle.


So one and done, all right.


Oh, you haven’t heard of Scanlan Shorthalt? Well, gird your loins, ladies, because he has his eye on you. A talented musician, master of disguise, and dashingly handsome in his own mind, Scanlan sings songs almost as much as he sings his own praises. Born a poor gnome, Scanlan used his endless charm and soaring tenor voice to croon for coin and support his single mother. One day he was discovered by a half-orc promoter, and joined Dr. Dranzel’s Spectacular Traveling Troupe where he learned the ways of the world and honed his skills as a bard extraordinaire. A loner much of his life, Scanlan has never quite come to terms with the violent death of his mother at the hands of a goblin invasion. While his years on the road provided many, shall we say, educational experiences with the opposite sex, deep down Scanlan yearns for the one thing he’s never known: the true love of a fellow Gnome. Still, Scanlan considers himself a lover first, performer second, and fighter distant third. On the battlefield, he’ll support his allies, but rarely draws blood unless it’s to protect fellow gnome, Pike. Count on Scanlan for a hearty laugh, a rollicking song, and a twinkle in his eye that melts hearts and makes the females swoon.


First one is 30. Second one is 15. Third is 28.


You just do you, girl.


And I say, what do we say to those who we have just vanquished?


Yeah, I was going to say, he was going to go downstairs. I'll go with Team Downstairs.


And I know that's a shitty idea, but we have to get up and--


We did some work, ages ago.


You must have caught something from weird bugs.


I'm going. I'm sinking. Grog?


I don't know what this is.


17. I want a good one. 17. 25.


These guys are great!


I know that I had just poofed the wings out and I think I was inspecting one of the big metal men before it came out of the wall. I don't really remember which.


My turn? I've already inspired Grog.


I do have a coin with a 20 and a one on it.


Yeah, we go in there.


That's the most privileged thing I've ever said that you've heard. (laughter)


That’s not what he said, but that is delicious and now I want some.


I don't know what any of these things are!


Falls a little deeper in what?


Okay, I think, where's the laser? Here it is. It looks like I have just enough squares to go one two three. Who's this right here?


I do. Wednesday at noon to two on this very Twitch channel, is the Wednesday Club, and this week we're gonna be talking about Image Comics, which is now about 25 years old. This is the thing, and we're gonna talk about how they started and why it's important, and then all the cool stuff they're doing today, which is some really cool stuff. Good books.


We do still have the Fire Ashari. Granted, I could theoretically just tree back. You guys want to go take a nap at Whitestone?


Anywhere you like.


I want to tell Trinket to cannonball over the two lined up right there!


Yep. 28.


Nope, 21.


Has anyone called you any other names besides Molly, Lucien or--


Okay. I'm going to throw daggers at the one that's biting his ass, so it's a sneak attack. That's not good. That's 13.


First roll. Not an unimportant one.


It's awesome.


You're over on the corner.


I could have done more.


We should just do this tomorrow. We should do it tomorrow.


Okay. I'll place Mythcarver on it. I don't know what to cast on a book!


Are you up?


I'm Ioun Stone-bearer Scanlan. (laughter)


I don't see it anymore. I think it's gone back into the woods.


You know the distance?


I have two announcements. Announcement the first: for the next four hours and 56 minutes, Pacific Time, I am the King of the Internet because I won yesterday on @Midnight.


Our reactions come from melee range.


"Age rages?"


This is basically Taliesin at Ren Faire.


Shitty G.I. Joes.


Oh god no.


That pleases me.


The thing is if he was sweaty, then why would he be wearing long sleeves?


Yeah. I'm at the helm. Is there anybody down below, seeing about that?


Unfortunately, Travis has to leave the show.


Oh, you're here keeping watch? That's a good call, actually. Going to stay up much longer?


Is she visible?


Are they like you?


You said no sense of evil?


How about handle animals, man?


Oh. Hello.


I fly over, I'm Deathwalker's Warded to fire and I'm going to start helping.


Forever besties?


Oh, he does not swallow you.


General perception check on the beach as well.


I'm a planetar. If I drop this, then I fall. What am I doing? Athletics check?


Yeah, everybody contributed a little. Except for Jester and Fjord, everyone was really good.


It's for you to find out, all right.


Oh. That's right, that's where your gun went.


I'm circling around.


Won't he get an attack of opportunity?


No one knows, who the fuck knows?


What happened to your tail?


Do you know what kind of magic it is that keeps him from holding us? Just wondering. You said there were kinds, but I want to make sure.


Thank you for being there with me on that.


Thank you very much. Any particular tips, food-wise?


Just pee on Ashley, it's okay.


Glaive?


Okay. I have a bird that can go probably higher than the tree, if you want.


It's up to you. I haven't done this in a while and I'm excited to do it. But I could hold off a little.


Okay, Sneak Attack, here we go.


I mean, I kind of go on my own, but--


Bubble. Tight bubble.


Is there ever a moment it looks like nobody's looking at us, or me?


No, they have tentacles.


No, we can't kill Kynan.


Tiefling!


I can manipulate a thousand pounds.


Two miles.


Is that the one I drew the dick in?


I thought Beau might be able to get through the gates, actually.


I'm going to do whatever you tell me. Were I to see her, the most important person to me in the world, act on Lady Briarwood, I'd be like, "What's up, that's Lady Briarwood, kill her?"


I used some new dice.


It's dangerous, and we want to keep all of you as safe as possible.


All the way across, over here.


You don't know how old they are?


Yeah, as far as it'll--


Maybe the pixies can help us take out the cancerous tree and all the things around it.


They can't speak. They don't have voice boxes or anything.


I can't really claim sanity. I just did something mind-bendingly stupid.


There's no Twinkies. There's just cake.


This music.


So each target's hit point maximum and current hit points increase by five for the duration.


I follow Pike into the temple.


(snorts) That's my pinwheel!


And just like project it on the wall behind her so we can watch it like that movie.


I'll test the air and do a lob shot.


Then we stealth and--


I go down and do it, too, 'cause he did it.


