Oh, shit. This guy's a badass.


I just wanted to... apologize in advance for whatever may happen in the next few days.


She knew we were holding all those backroom meetings, right? She helps you guys quite a lot.


Oh, put that back in your pocket.


Do you want to just hit them hard?


The first one is four points of damage.


He's a rascally man.


Oh, you have advantage too.


Back up a little bit.


And father's businesses, are they being run the same way? With the same attention to detail?


I can sense you, you dick.


So where do you two come from?


Think your arm might be a bit busted.


It smells of coffee.


I'll take the lower half. That's called advantage.


I walk back to the kitchen and start clearing people's plates.


This is good. This is a path for us to walk.


While they're buying powder, I'm going to go get a fucking drink somewhere.


No, third. It was Kiri first, Caleb second. You're three.


We saw orbs in Umbrasyl's?


No, not since the show started.


Can I use an action surge to try and do it again?


I know. I've had a bad day.


Can you clear out clouds? Then if you can do that, can you make these gray clouds go away?


I nudge Scanlan.


Within 30 feet-- I'm probably more than 45 feet away. I'd have to run up and-- I'm just going to, from here, take out one of my throwing darts and throw that.


You got it, but it's Robin, and I'm not gonna tell you again. All right, I had Batman, which is cool, because he's the least value card in the game, so that's just gonna help me out, so I'm just gonna grab a new card.


A bit dangerous, to be fair.


How busy is the front of this place?


That’s actually exactly what happened, it just didn’t go as well as you thought it might go.


(purring)


I'm sure it's going to be fine. Let's just take a minute and reflect on every terrible thing that's happened over the last 24 hours and be careful for once. I'm so sorry.


Oh. How many recharge a day?


I assure you; she's worth it. She'll be back in her own time.


It's up in the air.


So if you really don't trust us, I'll happily take that 40 platinum back, right now.


What if we gave him a half healing potion?


Oh. Well, in that case, I take it as a compliment.


He has both of us. I'm piled on top of Delilah.


I don't hear that, so I just cast Detect Magic.


I have darkvision at a range of 60 feet. Can I see it?


Shit, this is like-- we're going to save this for the really nasty fellas. All right, I'm going to put this in the bag.


I just think you should go in front of me here, is all.


Secret doors.


Got any spell slots left?


Yeah that changes things, the landscape.


11 hits!


Okay, because from where I'm sitting, I don't know how this is going to go much different than what happened before. We might need more people.


Very good. That’s all important.


Wait, what was your initiative order? What was your number?


For my action, I'm going to do another Acid Splash because that was a bonus because of quickened.


What we commonly referred to in the circus as "Yasha-ing."


You boys just wanted to come look at the tower again because you like it?


You know what could be really handy in this situation is some of that fancy fucking thread of yours.


How do we get it over there?


Yeah, it looks a little slick, but just go ahead, just real careful.


Okay, bye, Keyleth.


Any word from Gilmore in the last hour?


We're how high up from here?


The actual Cassandra.


When he was invisible!


Oh, it's that thingy? Okay.


Did you say roll for initiative?


What was that about making promises?


The human male?


They're all still here. They're taking hits.


M-Y-S-T-A-K-E? We're all about spelling things wrong, so maybe we should do that.


Did I notice that, I have a really good passive perception?


Facing this to there, also allowing access to both the gangplanks-- (clattering, laughter)


An erect penis.


I will, I'll try one more time and just say, Sondur, we are... Sondurites, here to pay homage to you. Please, show yourself and make us feel your presence.


I'm huge.


Yes, she is, because it's our house.


Yeah. Try again.


I jumped through a window.


Yeah, because if we are planning to leave without her, that means she'll give chase-- I mean, I hate to even suggest it, but I'd rather not have someone hot on our tail.


Bad rolls. 24.


So then I'm going to throw a dagger, it's all I can do. Can I use an action to hide? Or it's a bonus action only?


Tary, do you feel like we look healthy and sane to you?


She's got lots of security, obviously. This place seems, you know, pretty well--


I squeeze the gnome tighter.


Do you have a red shirt, Scanlan? Do we need to get you one?


Oh, that's terrible.


Succeeds?


I guess I can go check out one of the temples.


I check her pulse.


No, no. (coughs) No.


So, I stumble forward, and I'm reaching into my pockets, and I pull out the iron powder, and I throw it into the air again, and I go (whoof) with my hands, and Beauregard enlarges within the grasp of this... thing.


Yeah, I could sit in the room and let you know if they're any good or not!


I tried the other kind before, and really, it's not much.


Yes, but it's my mom and of course she's going to send me money! You're crazy.


I turn around and go like, you really don't want to do that, friend. Trust me, please.


Is the spell gone?


I'm going to go take a look at the remnants of the brain creature.


There's no merch, there's nothing merchy?


Stop. Tary time.


That is 36 for the first attack on the book.


Oh, my shawm!


Don't say you sold your soul to a hag.


So, like, tomorrow.


Most of the time, but once in awhile--


They don't know how to break it, do they? Damn it.


I pop my head back in and I tell them  shit's going down. Should we go out or let this play out a bit? Yenk is not dead.


Ooh, can we help?


Bad.


Pat, pat where?


Okay, where is it? I don't know where it is. I'll find it, and then I'll find out. And then I'll roll for stealth then if it works.


I'm going to take off and I'm going to go towards them and as high as I can go.


High noon? (all groan)


Yasha's fine. I'll hit the one in front of me.


There is a convention around the imp right now.


You're not going to die.


Yeah, can I move to the tippy-top of the roof and, frustrated with my inability to follow this winged piece of shit, can I take the Titanstone Knuckles and slam them together, and enlarge myself?


What if we lose the fight Scanlan? Then who fucking cares? Vasselheim is gone. Westruun is gone. Kaylie is gone. Everything's fucking gone if we fuck this up!


I'll duck behind the wall and hide like a weakling.


Do I get my Enhance Ability?


Do they just assume your character doesn't go to the salon and cut your hair? Is that not a thing?


Not a lot. That's seven points of damage.


Did you mean Clarota? You said K'Varn.


It's a 12. I rolled a 12.


I only got 15. I would like to use the dagger to cut into him as well.


And you're going to go away.


We don't. While we're following them, perhaps we should try and find out what we can about this-- Lean in closer. Closer. This High-Richter Prucine.


You're going to try and feng shui the tower, is that what you--


By one?


Oh, gotcha. Okay, so it probably does have poison resistance. Okay.


There's AC in here, isn't there?


I'm going to try to hold the rope as hard as I can. (grunts)


Why aren't you good in water?


Do I have time to do a quick engineering feat, as well?


Well, Caleb can put his string around it.


I'm okay with it.


All right, let's crawl under that door.


6d6?


Just do it, man.


Right, but my monk level is--


So that's negated my Cutting Words as well.


I'm at a bar, that's the way it goes.


All those blue guys. Yeah.


That's 19, so he saves.


Can he attack the elemental that's now rogue across from him?


Oh, yes, indeed it does.


Plus, he was in somewhere like shambalam.


Fiber optic whips.


Bring it!


(laughs) Nah-jah!


That's good, that's good, that's good.


Not in the show, either.


Yeah! Cinnamon Tower! (all laugh)


Strange. I would ask, why is he in shackles? What did Zanror do that would draw this sort of ire from the Herd?


Necromancy.


(laughing) Oh my god, that's hilarious.


My name is Caleb.


That's a 31 minus five, 26?


Who, the dwarf?


I know. I can't.


I'll see what I can do.


Costume on Amazon.


(softly) Uh, I'm killing someone. Hold, please. (all laughing)


Look at the size of that thing.


Back in Whitestone!


He should!


Let's not even begin to have this discussion if we don't have to.


If I want to.


She had a vision.


Oh, that's a good question. Fenthras, exalted.


Uh-huh. Second one.


To the hole.


That's a bad example.


Druid die and don't fuck me, Gil. Don't fuck me, Gil.


There's five people we can see, one dude in the boat down below.


Hit dice?


There's a ladder, man, there's some very innovative people. Yeah, these are very innovative cultists.


I'll take one side. And Grog's going to take the other beam.


Look me in the eye, Percy.


It's not worth it, let's go!


I'm going to go ahead and cast Pass Without a Trace on the party.


Us too.


Yeah, move the one to the right. Yeah, sure, that one.


Let's take a night and then go set off in the morning.


Bach braids!


Move aside, move aside, move aside.


Is there something in it?


He has our blood.


Plus a d4, plus a d4.


I'm sure I'm flushed.


Can I do a nature check to see if this is natural or man-done?


That doesn't look good. No.


Did you see Delilah up there?


Do you board animals?


I never lived--


Is there anyone you think would want to destroy the carnival or hurt Gustav? Does Gustav have any enemies?


Or you pooped your pants.


So was anyone else left in there with it? That it maybe didn't kill or--


But I'm buff, and I'm bigger!


I am Grog, the unintimidated.


Double d4!


Well, let's take it to somebody who--


No, we don't have it anymore.


I will cast Silent Image and I'm going to go up to the corner, make the image of a three-foot by three-foot box around me.


You want to try it on?


Dancing without music.


DC of 17.


Right. What would you want for her? To stay there and grow old or--?


In the bathroom.


Dead, the word is dead.


Great thought, not now. Good thought.


16. 18!


Thank you, and I leave.


I think this is also technically yours, too.


Don't let me bleed on it!


I already used my reaction to hit him.


It's here.


25 points of damage?


Okay. I don't think we should go in this way.


Piss on the body!


'Throning'.


That's Scanlan's bag, man.


Yes, yes. Just hanging out, off and on.


You can see.


They're going!


Do we do distraction duty? Maybe people who have really high--


To, like, punch the beholder into the ground?


Yep. We all know what it was.


Not Tavern, Tap.


Built it on our little summer vacation.


So I pop in the doorway, and I reach up and grab a little bit of reality, and I tear a black hole in the hallway.


With all this dicking about, how long would you guestimate I've been muttering in the boat?


Yeah. So the second attack doesn't hit.


Triple dungeness crabs.


That was almost. 21? 21.


Is your insight really that good?


That's fine. Six rounds of carnage.


It's black ooze. It's dangerous!


This could not be more fucked.


I'm specifically looking for signs of Kylre.


Yep, rogues are awesome.


(stuttering) Hm?


Hey, everything seems to have calmed down upstairs, everything seems fine. I think I'm going to try blintzes for breakfast tomorrow. I feel like we could all use a treat.


-- someone who can have an intellectual conversation--


Shit. Me?


We're not sure.


Grog, what are you doing? This is our kitchen and we need to eat dinner here!


We're looking for a halfling. Have you seen one?


Then I'm backing the fuck up.


I'm going to use my ring of water walking, and I'm going to be the same level as Beau except 30 feet to the right. Just as a flanking--


Okay. Let's see if we can do this. Good luck. You know, the best part about D&D Beyond is keeping track of your important stuff. And there's one important thing we keep losing: Ashley Johnson. Please put this on. So I'm proud to give you the first ever D&D Beyond Presents: The Mighty Nein Welcome Back Yasha Ceremony, featuring Ashley Johnson, everybody. Maestro, hit it. Oh, there's the award show music. I'm your host, D&D Beyond presents Sam Riegel, and we're going to go around the room super fast to honor Ashley's triumphant return. Didn't work. First up is Travis. None of them work. First up is Travis with a toast.


He really just killed a vampire?


(singing) Roll high!


The Soul Train Academy.


She was a bit more specific. She doesn't like our new play pal.


Against spells and other magical effects.


Honey, you're a hoarder. We really need to clean out your purse.


No, I can do this at a range of 300 feet, so let's back up 300 feet.


That was frustrating you, wasn't it?


In that ancient way that trees talk.


I don't know how much further we have, but we really need that sword, right? We still have not seen the Sword of Kas?


Oh, shit. That was awesome.


But we need to--


Hey! We're safe!


Sorry, had to.


Morning, Jester.


Can we move some of those bushes up? Up on top of the hill? Can we snap some twigs and make the bushes bigger?


Oh. Sounds exciting.


Thank God, because I rolled really badly. 10.


Let's set it up.


Hide?


(gasps) I think that's the first time I said douchenozzle.


Don't feed them.


Was it a little painful?


She's asleep. What are you going to do?


What do you all want in the house?


But that's a lot of good.


Go volunteer! Go start a D&D club! Hit them up! Kids and D&D are hilarious.


It's okay, I don't need it.


I'm at one hit point?


I follow behind her and yell  Town crier has toilet paper stuck to her shoe! (laughter)


And you're sure he's a god?


Yeah, because she got trapped.


(gasps) Ooh, what a dick!


Can you lock it?


Percy, do you realize we tried to talk to you for a good 15 minutes after all that last night, and you were unreachable? Do you remember that? So us saying if you start getting out of control, and you think that we're going to be able to be like, yo Percy, calm it down a bit--


Where's Allura?


-- put in my earring and I have conversations with Scanlan. I know he can't hear.


Okay! Can you help with that?


Just the first one.


It's only befitting of your station that Percival aid you in such a fashion.


Did we pick the form of our killer?


No pockets!


24! A natural 20 on the most useless category. Not a useless category, but in terms of a Nat 20, meh. But exciting! I don't want to shit on it!


The wall has an AC of 18?


They could potentially see us as soon as we come out of the tree.


I don't do well with water. I don't think I can go down there. Why don't I stay watch?


Yeah, or Pac-man. I'm not sure.


Going for the guys. I don't want to scald you. You're already hurting. I'm going to go straight across the piggies and make them squeal with Lightning.


That seems strangely specific.


Have you run into these people before, Fjord?


No, your people's intention, for all those who live here.


You seem healthy. You certainly are decked out in adventuring gear, which is quite attractive. Sanity I can't be a good judge of yet, I just met you. You seem like lovely creatures.


There's a second floor?


Are there crownsguard in the little waiting area that we're in?


A pint, though, Grog? A pint? You'd snort that up your left nostril, right?


Sometimes I'm able to focus just shy of what I'm trying to target.


You're further than five feet away, because had you been five feet away I could have sneak attacked.


No, we're fine.


I wonder if Kashaw is still here.


Towards the giant guy and hit him!


Okay, can I use the Light cantrip and see if I can make some light in the darkness? Or wait. Because I'm a Light Bearer.


Is it getting light yet?


Are we all in there? Who's in there?


Turducken.


I got a one.


15 for me. Should I roll for Trinket, too, for his smell perception?


Okay. We have an infinite rope!


Let's say that investigation was somewhere around a seven? (laughter)


Ooh, Dust of Tracelessness.


Here's the thing, I have died almost twice in two days. We have our friends and I think that's a good way to start.


You have a ten percent chance of succeeding, but it's awesome when it happens?


Okay. So I have the Frost Brand Sword, so I'm resistant to fire damage if I'm holding it.


Well, this is an unwelcome world at the moment.


I'm gonna go out to the front door.


(high-pitched) Oh no.


Or we just go get it. We just go after it and go get it.


Did I ever ask you to come with us? I just asked for rumors, man.


Maybe. (counting)


Well, last time. Who's here now?


I'm assuming we all heard it as we split.


All right, Feywild, hang on.


What, you have experience with things of this nature?


Sorry, I'm back here. I figured Percy and I were waiting back here.


Our magic carpet?


I want to see if I can talk to him through it. Is that stupid?


I've been seeing some of them. It's Critical Costumes, is the hashtag, right?


Why don't we poison the tree?


I try sticking my fingers through the fake head a little bit.


You're large!


Right there for you.


Good day, sir. And good luck to you.


If you're going after your son, I trust you 100%. What was his name?


If I set it on fire, someone will still have to pull it anyway. It's not like it's going to disintegrate.


Ooh! Judges.


With Thaumaturgy.


Okay. And did we also want to check out the Cobalt Reserve which was in Westruun, or did Allura already handle that and we're cool?


All right, I'm still hidden, so I'm going to move along the side of the tent behind those barrels. And I want to throw two daggers at the magic-using orc.


I'm on the other side of Percival.


What was that guy's name? Lohan?


-- is a 30. That's a 30.


I already perceived it.


No. Who's going to guard the back?


I am Keyleth, the druid from the tribe of the Air Ashari. I am a half-elven person.


I'm going to sit. I've already got him, second time I'm going to find very carefully every little crack, and I'm going to get him in there. I'm going to listen to them bang around on the interior. I'm going to rattle them around.


Do you speak?


Because it's not a little (fut fut). It's a big one.


How does that go again? (singing) Everybody knows the Ruby of the Sea!


We can't Tree Stride. There's no trees.


Can I tell what it is?


I call Trinket and I tell him to get over by the teleportation circle.


That's where the Scarbearers are. We can get a room here.


Anti-evil-people.


Oh, no room, we're in the woods. Yeah, all right. As I walk away, I walk up. I kiss her. So we'll talk later. And I walk away.


Or whatever, the civilians and say to him The second after the priest casts a spell, grab your friend and run.


No, I do. I'm looking out for our tall cow friend.


Yes! Oh, he fails it so good.


Just these two?


I look at Grog and see he's really bored. I pick up a wooden sword and I hit him as hard as I can on the small of his back.


Double knot.


What's the sitch?


I mean I know the answers are inside you. If I have to open you up to get to 'em I will.


Just light a finger on fire and just touch the thing.


Stab him in the back of the head. For assassinate, do I get the critical still here, DM?


That does... sorry. I was not prepared. I thought I was going to watch a fight.


Oh, right. We should find out where he's from. How do we do that? Should we ask around and say hey, anybody know where the old guy came from that turned into a zombie?


Oh! It were awful!


We are looking for pickles, did you get any yet?


You know how to do it, because you're a blacksmith now.


We are trying to get out of here.


Not me, not me.


Oh no, you get cut!


You could also get a new jacket and new pants.


You want to burn one?


Did they really make you do that?


Are you pre-rolling your goddamn dice now?


Magic bukkake.


Hold on. No, so all the dice first. Two plus the psychic damage, which is 1d8. Nine. Plus the Divine Smite, which is 15. Yeah, here comes the sneak attack damage. (counting) 38, plus my modifier which is 46. No, we double the dice first, so 38 times two. 76. Plus eight is 84.


How many people did we gather?


Seems oddly competitive at this moment, where we're saving a man's life, but all right.


Wait for it, wait for it.


Just in case you run away.


Kenku's a bird.


To mustachio and his wife.


Interesting taste in enemies. Do you know anything about vampires?


Oh, yeah, Library Bards. Nice.


Aberration?


I'm gonna probably wanna do more the second one.


Do it! Oh my god, do it!


You are in charge while we're here.


Oh, you did it already. She's good at winking.


It is a happy 10th episode Critical Role cake.


I'll get the door for you. (door creaks)


Well, wow.


From Prayer of Healing.


No sign of Lady Kima at all, just a bunch of dwarves being held against their will, and then one by one being brain sucked by Mr. Lanky Man.


No, you're done, you're quiet.


All right. When I can, Skype in.


You're doing great, everything is fantastic, I'm having a wonderful time!


Can I make like one little suggestion that doesn't involve it coming back to me? I had a thought that since Lord Briarwood had it before, that every time it killed it might've been sending that life back to Vecna? But I don't have any proof of that, you know, I just remember being in that room with all the bodies, with the little sphere of-- the little dough button in the middle of the room.


What are we going to ask him?


I don't know, maybe not on our own, two at a time. I'm pretty tapped, but there's a lot of us here and only a few of them there, according to our new friend.


I'm curious if I buy his bullshit or not.


At which point I'm going to do a fire intimidation tactic. I'm going to do a fire radial thing. And I'm going to say, as the leader of this realm, as the Kaitaki of the Fire Nation, you will heed my word.


Go for the kill!


How is it?


I would imagine so.


Did Orly say specific docks?


(quietly) See? That wasn't so hard, was it?


I cough weakly.


We were told that there was Claudia Sheet here.


Tony Roberts.


Six points immediately to you.


He could go and pick it up and come right back with it.


That's a 13. Disadvantage, minus three. I still got pretty good.


Can we slowly in shifts navigate towards a cove?


Unfortunately, no.


Is that with my regular attack?


I'm going to tuck Velora into bed.


Are we going in the top tunnel or the bottom?


Bad? Super bad? There are five?


I'll do what I can. And I go there.


Hey, don't compliment the map, you guys. Matt really doesn't like it.


Hi. I'm Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. Moreover, Vox Machina over at Greyskull Keep. I was wondering-- and I asked your clerk here because I thought he did what you actually do here-- if I may procure, for coin or perhaps some kind of favor of sorts, the address or number or code or whatever it is that would work for the Kraghammer sigil of my Circle of Teleportation.


Because of the beautiful spot behind you, can you give us one Vidal Sassoon wave of your--


(gasps) That's amazing.


Ugh. That's a-- oh my god.


Watch my nails.


So I was faking understanding the whole time, and then picked it up in retrospect listening to Laura's responses. I missed it.


Cyclone of death!


Did they have doors?


Yeah, I do. I always want to help somebody. I don't know; what do you think?


Be a wussy.


I go forward.


The first thing I'm going to do is burn a bonus heal. I've got a heal that I can do, so I'm going to heal myself a little bit so I'm not quite as close to death. Let's add 12 points. That's nice. Slightly better than before. Oh, bugger. I'm going to pull my sword and, technically speaking, I'm perfectly fine to just hack and slash on this thing right now, right?


Klossowski de Rolo the third!


You know those rocks that humans wear on their fingers and around their necks and stuff. They're really nice rocks.


Hey, Claudia was aware that we guys were in league with the Knights of Requital.


But right now?


Burn him up.


(ripcord noises)


Then you can smash, you'll be fine.


I mean, do I see a tavern around here? It seems like a busy sort of street.


Yeah. I've never had that sensation ever before. Ever.


Because he's got the little dagger, right?


Probably better than men.


With credit to Sam as well, which was voted down was also the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. Which I was a huge fan of. I really wanted it to be the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. But Vox Machina sounded cooler.


There's a short list for guests, and a long lists for guests, for down the road.


Put him in the armor I gave you that you don't wear.


Well, it's a bowl? I know that sounds weird. I think it's part of a ritual and I need to get it.


He's going to think you're crazy!


It also will give you zero damage for a 20-foot fall, if I give you a dex bonus. But--


It's like a ripple, almost like a pond that's just gently disturbed. Oh. I have a thought.


Let's take it a little slow because we don't know what we're coming up to, though. I don't want to jump full-force into--


Oh my god, yes!


Oh, yeah, I guess so.


A few days ago?


How much bludgeoning damage am I taking?


It's very good stew.


(stilted) I have to go check on the cannons downstairs. I'll be back later.


You still made your save.


I have a greater.


I don't want to wait a week.


Most people like me too, though.


I'm not shy of a conscience. I'm afraid I'd need to know a little bit more about this High-Richter Prucine. Hopefully, he's a terrible individual.


No, the town was never the problem. It's a fine place to grow up.


Yeah, all right. How do they look?


Oh, forget it, you had to be there.


Wow. 25.


I don't know what a crow has.


Yes, I like this, I like this. If she prefers me--


The cathedral is a great idea.


Yes, I wasn't very successful. I had walked by the general store--


Isn't it. And I ask out loud, are you hungry?


Can I move, or is getting up my movement?


What is the definition of this word?


Tell you what, Balgus. We have some very rare items with us that I think you might be interested in.


What do you think?


I'm going to cast Cure Wounds.


I know what to sign.


Literally, it's all we got.


Right. But look what happened. She's brought countless people down here, only to meet their end.


He's doing sneak attack damage to the carpet, which translates to you.


No, because the thing in the fireplace.


Wait, we're in the chamber? We're all inside there?


Oh, shit snacks.


We have not said anything to the rest of the group.


He's real strong.


Just an arcana check. Let's see what happens. Natural 20.


You stand uncomfortably close to people you know and make them feel awkward. And I walk really close to you, Fjord.


It can't resist fire. What about lightning damage? Do I know anything about that?


(quietly) Not good, you guys.


Barry Barrington-- (laughs)


Beautiful. Can I take Tweedledee to my right and make two reckless attacks against him? They're not giants, right?


And I grab the back of his collar and pull backwards.


We're going to try and keep both of you alive.


Trinket, breakfast, right around the little guy there. Go on. Free food.


Yeah. I've been laying on him all night.


Yeah, we can Fireball together.


I cast Friends.


Can I borrow a spare arrow?


You're not with us. You stayed on the carpet.


Now we have two brooms. We can leave those fuckers in the dust!


All right. Or you could use it as your piece clasp. You could put it on your-- you could put it anywhere. You could put it on your gauntlet.


Oh god, the house is full of tabaxi!


So at the top of the morning, as part of the Heroes' Feast, everyone gets 2d12--


This is my jam! (laughter)


(gong) (laughter)


Oh, fuckballs.


Just pop on over to Emon, then?


The jug for the rod.


I kick my horse along.


Can we get a jib? I like crane shots.


What is the elemental doing while they're dancing?


Somebody should pick up, but we don't have our talker here right now.


Oh, it’s not great. Sorry.


He learns something new every day.


Unless he runs away.


Didn't we leave the shield?


Like 20 feet.


So, that's 13.


Is Trinket still a cat?


Ah! That's actually a really good idea.


It's a sign of respect.


It will unleash three attacks, one with its bite and two with its fists, and they will all be reckless.


I think that was an oyster we've already supped upon.


Did you get the handwriting of the High-Richter?


Drensala Vis. Your ship? Beautiful.


We won't need the airship if the dragons are dead.


I shall miss nothing. I'm going to stay right where I'm at.


Weirdo.


I think the lesson went well tonight.


I did get a very evil kind of vibe off him.


The silhouette is beautiful on you.


Look at that sexy hand!


Why do you ask, Grog?


I don't blame you.


I feel like he is but I just want to make sure.


Everything's so sticky.


Littlest character sheet ever. Can you hold that up again? Look how tiny it is! Aw, that big bear and that tiny piece of paper.


Good luck.


I did. And your claim is fair.


I've never used this. I've had it since I created the character and I've never used this blade once. This is the most use it's ever gotten. I pull out this pristine piece of shit (laughs) I don't even remember. I think I found it in a dungeon. It's terrible.


Mercer!


I don't trust you. If I gave you some money, could you--?


(whispers) How's Simon?


Wait. What will you do now?


I feel like with that many people we should have beach balls in the audience, and they can do the wave.


And then I went, then Percy went.


What's new at the table?


Okay. Should I do the chrome dome line? That's what we're going with? We workshopped it a little bit.


We saw him on the way over. We know exactly where he is.


Sorry guys, I'm just warming up again. (all laugh)


Oh, that's right! You also picked up a sledgehammer, yeah. Sledge!


Say we just gingerly try and cross against a wall.


Yeah, I was going to say, it's a lot of good metal. We can always sell it for scrap metal.


Okay. Everyone's appeared. I'm grappled. There's nothing to be done here. Can I hold movement or is it hold action?


(muffled speech)


Can you teleport today? Or are you done?


Look, it just feels like when your guinea pig dies as a kid and then you immediately get another guinea pig to replace it? This doesn't feel good.


Everybody be safe.


I'll start looking for the gold.


I am. We are, I assume.


I hate water.


All right. I'm going to click my boots together. I'm going to move towards him.


Signs point to yes.


Yeah, why you making me feel dumb?


You're a tiefling?!


This'll be fun, we'll see what happens. All right, first thing I'm going to do is cast Hex on Kevdak, on the asshole, I'm going to Hex him.


(gasp) Blink dog! Blink-- Motherfucking blink dog! I mean, I'm not there. (pigeon cooing) (laughter)


Yeah, I'm going to try to Bramble Shot him.


That is the biggest blackest sword! (laughter)


Ashley is subtly massaging Laura's ass.


We're just losing all attention span? Is that what's going on? We're just wandering off.


I thought that thing was Mary Poppins' satchel. It doesn't go all funny?


Can you still cast spells?


In the haversack, right?


There it is. Got to lose those. Oh yeah.


If the coach driver was any indication, there are going to be people--


Shitting on your own bed?


So are we floating above?


I'm going to sleepytime, good night, all.


None of us know this town.


Oh. Just one of us though.


And Old Davin.


Titanstone Knuckles?


He makes boots.


I know.


And away from Gern, right? So is Gern 15 feet away from me yet, so far?


Okay. We don't want him to die outright.


I'm just going to take two normal, everyday shots because things have been weird. It's got to be close to death now. That's 17.


Because we have this map, and we have a navigator, that doesn't mean that we can go from one destination on a map that we saw to another. We still need to follow the trade routes, right?


Oh, nice, okay.


You have maxed out intelligence.


Yeah! Burt Reynolds.


I was definitely crying. I was like, "no, I love doing this so much!" I don't wanna, I mean, when you spend that much time with people, over two and a half years, you get so attached, and attached to characters.


Did you see the visual aid?


Just for fun, I'm going to tap Resistance on you. Well I'm just going to give you-- if anything happens in the next minute you can add a d4 to any saving throw.


Sleep in a fishbowl.


Seems like they ate a lot of them.


12, both of them were 12. But plus 11.


Oh! Are you going too?


That'd be a long game.


That is an additional six-- Sorry, 12 damage.


Are you under Disguise Self?


Menagerie Coast, then?


Yeah, me and Pike are on this.


28!


I like it. Seconded.


Get the word out of what we're looking for.


I'll keep an eye out.


If you think that would help.


17 plus another four is 21, plus another five is 26, plus another four is 30, plus another six is 36, plus another 16 total. So 36 plus 16 is 52.


Give it a second, please.


When was the last one?


From her?


She's going to try and catch it.


Well, kind of. I put the little bowling ball things on there. And he's going to run into all of us, in chains, being knocked down like pins.


I rolled a three!


The Water Ashari live in the Ozmit Sea.


Oh, okay, I will.


But you guys don't know that yet.


Around, not over top.


See, look at this, this is great! Okay, and then if they go, "Are you nice?" You say, "Yes, I'm very sweet."


Is it wizard's chess?


I'm kissing you already.


Yes, you do look very similar. Does that mean you're--?


Oh, here's the deck.


It's quite an aesthetic.


So I turn to them, and then I start-- I pass the door.


All three attacks--


I'm going to slink my way all the way behind the other rock.


No, no, no, I've got to concentrate!


Yeah, you did get us.


With disadvantage?!


Let's hop in the mansion.


It only triggers if it hits?


Does anyone want a donut from my bag?


What was he locking away?


Yeah, okay, so I'm going to fly up as far as I can. I'm going to hold out the trammel and stick it-- what? No?


One. Plus rage, which is--


Do you think Pumat is going to be open at two in the morning?


I'm going to run another 15 feet. Does anyone have eyes on me right now?


We got a quesadilla.


(shouting) Assassin!


I think Molly's right. I think Molly and Nott are right. I think they're going to try and start enlisting soldiers here. Are they doing the same where you're from?


Wait, before we use-- listen. This could potentially be humiliating for all of us. Before we expend any of our arcane abilities, please let us all at least try and fail before you take out the Hand.


Freedom of Movement to Scanlan One, myself, Vax.


We've practiced this before. We got this routine down.


(shouting) Is this a fight?


Architexture?


Pretty good.


I don't know, Grog!


Oh Vex, I made gold.


Yeah we do.


I like it. They would recognize you, wouldn't they, Percy?


The Crownsguard have so much money.


Start that one again?


I'm going to take an arrow and shoot it. I can see the door, but it's not going to register on a magical door, is it?


Well, all I know is how to stick my face in the beehives, apparently.


I know what that spell is, you just pass through walls like a ghost.


You want to break our stealth?


29 for stealth.


Is anybody standing next to him?


Oh, I'm sorry. I'm supposed to expend another superiority die. I'm sorry, this is a whole new mechanic.


They didn't poke the parents.


I'm going to have to do my job really quick and jump in on that. And say that tomorrow at 4:30PM PST here, we will be doing a live trailer watch and reveal with special guests. Laura and Travis are coming by. Alison Haislip and Ify Nwadiwe are going to be our hosts for that. And then we are going to have interviews with Duncan Jones the director and some of the cast and crew. It's going to be really cool, so tune in tomorrow, 4:30, for that.


Just a concentrated-- I'll spike it right before it hits him and jam it in his fucking eye.


So make us killer whales.


Oh. That's lovely. I hope you've enjoyed them as much as I did. What's your favorite one?


Pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, pardon me.


While she does that, I'll try to jimmy the bent lock.


All the oozes are still alive?


I asked if I could use one of my lucks instead.


Let's fly in close to that waterfall.


We shouldn't do explosive because--


No, he won't. I cast a spell on it as it retreats from me because I am a war caster.


I think that we should all say thank you to Caleb for identifying our objects.


That seems like such a shame. I mean, shouldn't we ask the people of Westruun if they want to stay or go?


Pretty good!


Yeah. I mean, we don't have Big Man with us and I don't want to run into any of his third cousins or whatever, so yeah.


Reckless attacks, please.


I'm going to check the ceiling. There's a lot of perception. I'm all out of Luck. That's no good. That's a 14.


I'm sorry, how much?


Can I have a Monster Manual?


Nine. That's a 12.


Tary, the Ashari.


I feel stripey, I don't know why.


Sleep tight.


Is it true that we can't kill it except with sunlight?


It's ethereal.


What is "to high doh?"


I have resistance to necrotic damage, by the way.


Uncomfortable elevator at a convention.


Trinket, get back in the necklace.


You said Gilmore.


I didn't say it was good. I just want it out.


You don't look okay. Are you sure-- you really don't look okay.


I want to see that!


That was the Dagger of Life-Stealing.


I know; I feel like I learned something.


Oh yeah, I'm screwed.


We just got here. But yeah.


Oh, that's fair.


You don't have to watch. I just want to watch. It's just me.


That's a squirrel. I know that one.


It was Greyspine.


Sharpshooter against Kerrion.


Nice boobs!


Please be an almanac! Sorry.


That's what happened to Febron.


I was possessed by an evil smoke demon.


In a tent over there.


That's such a cool name.


Wait, attack action plus Trinket attack. It says one attack for me and two attacks for Trinket.


I know. It's like, where does it all come from? There's so much of it.


I cast Flaming Sphere, and I start moving it around on the roof and start drawing the shape of the de Rolo family crest on the roof.


That's true! Your spell might have worked.


I rolled a nine for medicine, just B-T-W. (all laugh)


You didn't fall into the fire, right?


Oh. No. Ugh. Gross.


T-Money, what do you think?


I know, I'm sorry. I had some things to do.


It's cool now?


Yay! Whoa! That's a 15!


Yeah, that doesn't have his symbol on it though.


What else does fun buns mean except for little, cute, little hairballs on your hair?


We're just going to go in.


Lay low. Let them come.


That's 21 points of damage.


Well, one of us doesn't have any luck left, so maybe we should spend the night.


That's you.


I'll give you a helpful hint.


It's not poison, though, right?


It's so dark in here, because of the cave thing.


I need some d8s.


Okay, so hey, I'm chill. Can you just take us? Be cool?


That too. Only one of us is underestimating the other. We can do this.


Those things?


You're turning yourself into a dwarf?


You just hurt them until they die.


(sulky) No.


Where did we see that? Where was that? Was that in the tree? That was in the tree.


Thank god you rolled a one.


I don't know. Last thing I remember, I was looking up at my father. And the rest of my Herd. He made no move to save me.


Tiny, that's clever.


Why the fuck would you do that?


30. Natural 20.


Those humans are both gone, out of sight?


Health-wise, where are you at?


Yes, obviously.


They're kind of hot.


I told you exactly what I wanted to do, and why.


It was Claudia. Never mind!


Legendary action  the nut swing.


I'm taking another swing.


I'm selling a group of identical sextuplet slaves and the advantage is just that they look cool? "Check out my slaves; they all look alike!"


You could say that.


That was for you. Now I feel guilty.


But! Isolate and contain, go now!


No, he's already burned his attack of opportunity.


We all have roughly 30-something platinum.


All right. I did what I can. Does it seem contagious?


Fuck. God damn it.


Whatever, we'll drink it anyway. It's going to be disgusting.


I'm tired-- okay, this is awkward now, we'll just keep--


Oh, sorry. It's a four. Ten?


Solstryce, yes, I know where it is.


Jack-of-all-trades?


Crazy grandma can help!


Distract him.


Yeah, you are, you bad, intimidating motherfucker!


We just parted ways with her-- (groans) I have such a headache.


Clarota? What about-- Why Clarota?


It's a giant pond.


So I took ten points of--?


Oh god, these lookouts!


Does she have a normal price?


We're going to build a vault?


Awesome. Okay, so I'm going to, would it be possible to get down on that bottom roof and hide?


What do you mean evil kind of vibe?


Shit! So do I add 17 hit points back?


Okay. Well I'm gonna Lightning Bolt the black ooze!


Am I starting to get a vibe or am I not starting to get a vibe?


We're going to go offline and then come back up with the rebroadcast of Thursday and you'll see this playing throughout the night and tomorrow morning, and will be up on the website tomorrow, so thank you. Thank you guys.


I love the way you frame things, Percy.


Scanlan, tell them I can see some sort of spiral staircase, but there seems to be a lot of goo here, and I'm always wary of goo.


For my action, I'm going to cast Sacred Flame.


We should have a proper interview.


Cute and dainty also means scary and dangerous.


Good idea. Thanks, Percy, for your help.


He deserves a break.


That's a good question.


Is Beau feeling okay?


Do we need to escort them or can we send them up to the surface?


Yeah, it's--


They heard it.


He's so happy about it.


I could, couldn't I?


What would Chode do?


Just to taunt him a little?


Oh! (pop)


I might have passed out in the pisser.


I wish I could've seen, because I was eating my binder out of stress.


I am a gorgeous man.


Nice. We didn't even get up a little bit.


I feel like we need to, we told--


Oh, it is a one!


Sentinel box.


Why did we do this, then?


Are you Marisha or--


Well, what's good is, I believe we're within the three days of the contract, yes?


Nope, I'm going to go that way.


You know, I could probably send a message to the Plank King and ask him about Vandren, if you want me to.


I'm going to take the trammel out of the bag of holding.


I love your broom rolls so much.


Me or him?


Water? How far down from the bridge?


Don't fuck me, Gil. I'm going to let it go, I'm going to let it live, 19. No, 20! No, 17, 18, 19! I know math.


Wait, imma put my glasses on so I can see it again! Oh, you already closed it.


It's only our first hour.


That hits. Two of those hit.


Oh man, this is good, dude!


Well, I can always be an eagle, and I can maybe fly, or maybe Grog could carry a big boulder. That way, after the acid has--


Scry. You're going to be fine after you scry.


They don't care. Thought they would kill each other, I don't know. That was it. We're level three, that's all I got!


I'm going to hide some stuff up there.


It can't carry you, you're too heavy.


Two, four, six.


No, we're not. We're going to leave through the alley, where Trinket is waiting. We can toss him over Trinket's back. We just walk on out.


Benny Hill music commences.


Vanquisher.


What did she get?


No gold. No money.


Both attacks?


Great, 17.


That's as close as he can get to you.


It's up to you guys whether or not you want 826LA to go to GameChanger because the link right now just goes to Critical Role, so it's up to you guys for where it goes from there.


I step closer to Percy. I think you only need me.


How old it is, how it was built, where it was built. Just to get a sense of it, like looking over a classic car.


And then come back down.


From downstairs?


How can we be sure he's telling the truth?


We're taking him to Uriel, we're taking him to Uriel.


I think you should deal with this.


You good? Okay. Good. Could I take the staff, and I pick it up with the fish still on it, and I'm like: It's fish kebabs!


We need bait.


I can't jump now? I can't use that double jump distance? Is that done, Step of the Wind?


Yes. Stealth, stealth.


How are we going to get him through the city with a blindfold on?


I judged him, apparently, but I don't remember doing it.


No, there was a trade of items. I got a cloak of smashing out of it, and you got... other stuff.


You know, I was thinking one thing that might help take your mind off this is making sure your mom stays safe. Right? Take some solid steps to making sure that-- Galdar?


And I yell to the party  Shield your eyes!


Oh, right. That's Ashley. What am I doing?


Nine! Nine damage, yeah.


You're looking in the wrong direction.


Yeah, Lillith doesn't have the other stone?


Wow, I've always wanted that to happen.


He encourages violence.


Yeah, that's great. (laughter)


It's so hard to find shelter and protection that's not a city where you're unwelcome in the first place.


Pax Unplugged is this-- I can't see! I didn't rehearse this! Pax Unplugged this weekend-- fuck! Pax Unplugged is this weekend, and D&D Beyond will be there. So bring your siggles and long flowing hair because D&D Beyond will have tables set up outside of the Adventurers League gameplay area. Come and say hi! Oh, but take it away, Travis!


Wait a second. I send Frumpkin skittering off in that direction. As he's leaving, I say, "Rub against some ankles. And listen."


Yeah, we're-- we're kind of grasping at straws so I hope we didn't offend.


I'm putting my face in the water and attempting to take a breath.


No, we know you did.


Okay. Having seen the beautiful dwarven-- girl, was it? Who sang and soothed a monster earlier in the show, I'm going to attempt to sing and soothe this monster. So I step forward and I open my mouth, and I sing, (singing badly) And I will always soothe you!


I find the only empty spot of fur on Trinket left and snuggle into it.


It doesn't have to be fresh, it could be really old.


12 to hit.


Well, what's in the shop? Is there a tapestry, is there a rug?


We all die.


An interesting note, they said they wanted to donate $20 per episode, 'cause they just caught up.


That's a nine from my initial hit, piercing. Then with my sneak attack, another four and six, so another ten. 19 total.


Son of a bitch! Dust of Tracelessness everywhere! (all laugh)


Spy store.


Okay, so I'm just going to lean over the side and scorch the whole front entrance as much as I can from where I am.


It was totally potions.


No, well, I don't know, but it goes away when I attack him.


Yeah, the Hells. The aberrations.


We all have such terrible families.


Yeah, two minutes. Two minutes. Um.


I like that one of your own shitty puns made you drop the voice entirely.


That's going to explode.


You can't heal a dead horse.


Looking out for this hag as we go, yeah.


But you can't see her naughty bits because they glow with heavenly light.


This is everything we ever wanted  a room full of books and it's just us. Should we just stay here for a while?


Does there look like there's a weird oddities store or dealer or--


You don't even appreciate music. What would an imp song sound like? You can't say one, can you? Because you don't have music where you're from.


I mean, I want to so bad. I want to use my Spiritual Weapon!


It looks disgusting!


The reliefs, the people in the wall? Okay. It was a hypothetical question.


That's crazy.


She's got a day and a spell.


Take a look, it's amazing!


Everybody heals an extra 18 hit points.


Are we near their big war machines?


We don't know, if we try it with the trammel and it doesn't work, it doesn't break the trammel, we just have to try again?


I Hunter's Mark the big one.


I brace.


Are they runes or a language? Is it a script?


Do it! Fuck that bear up!


We're all breaking.


Oh, of course, and forgive my ignorance. This would be used to locate us? Is that what this is for?


I saw Nott dart in front of me and chuckle to myself, see Nott walk past, I'm going to walk forward and say: You are enjoying this too much, but okay. Can I see these two? You said they were backing away, correct?


Oh, well, I've gone into my sister's bedroom and have begun to raid the spring clothing to find the most ostentatious hat I can find and start shoving as many things into it as I possibly can.


I'm actively tracking this creature, aren't I on a certain level?


Can we get an early, 12 Angry Men raise of hands on who if they want to fight the dragon or not? Do we want to do this?


He is. He's happy. He's happier that way. He was like me. He's not meant to be tied down.


That's going to be the next show I produce. "Let's Make a Poll" with Sam Riegel. Keep going.


You look really manly now.


Oh, it's true.


Yeah. Someone's watching us. For a year.


Not on me. Not today.


(clears throat) I understand. I know what it feels like to be ashamed or worried about what you look like. I do.


It's all vocal.


(playing The Entertainer)


Can Trinket and Doty ride in your--


15 plus--


Use the link! Show your Critter power!


You think? I hate being sick. Anger at least drives you towards something.


Yeah, can I give it a look? I want to look at the tea set too.


They're up ahead! Maybe we should just bamf here, be solid. I can disguise the landscape and we can ambush her!


If we kill the beasts that are down here, then it might be worthwhile to also check the bodies of the guards, you know, because they're not going back to the to their families, you following me?


You do know what it means?


Isn't 19-20 crit? That's just for me.


There's also a superior healing potion lying on the ground amongst all my shit.


Can I hear this conversation?


I'm going to take a musket ball, go over to the very center of the crack.


Are we relatively free of furtive glances as we make our way through?


Let's go sleep and then get up in the morning and go down and kill things.


I'm going to back up a little bit, for the rest of my--


I run over, I give you a quick kiss. I say, if you turn evil, it's still cool. Just so you know. (all laugh)


Give us some time to discuss, and we'll get back to you shortly.


Pat, pat, pat.


16. Sylas, broomstick-up-his-ass, death knight Briarwood.


Cards on the table!


Pikey-poo. Pikey-pants. You had a religious thing and talked to your god, right?


Thank you. I will take it. Oh my god, I rolled a three and a four. Seven.


Adorable.


(slurred) We play Dungeons & Dragons!


Seems prudent.


Just part of the team, guys.


Can I ask for everybody to leave the room, except for-- (laughter)


I'm going to try and cast Enthrall.


That's what they did. He kept saying that in the chatroom and I was like, "I wish I could do that for you but I can't do anything about that." Too much work! BrrCold donated. "For Zac Eubank and all that he does." Aw, thanks, Curt! Appreciate that.


Yeah, I believe that entry fee is along the lines of what I remember.


We haven't seen a base mimic before.


Forge some thieves' tools real quick.


Do you have any paper? Yeah. It would be gone either way.


No, I believe it was built by Krieg.


Yeah, you have already mentioned that some of your people were followed and eyed.


Your plan is good. It just requires a little bit more study. It's a good plan.


Okay. On dexterity saves.


I get excited. Sorry.


Pushing through, pushing through. The Eye card pulls up. You've already found the clue you're looking for. You just don't know what it is yet.


Should we be using your name or should we call you something else right now too?


This is his way of saying she sucks.


It's really quite normal for me.


I'll be the bait.


Roll the dice! (singing) The adventure begins, they were always beside you, your nerdy best friends, and the DM to guide you. And they rise from the flames for the battles ahead. Villains beware 'cause you're about to be dead. (music)


There's a bit of an echo right?


I'm familiar with that.


Where he's from, these are bracelets, and these are necklaces.


Or the Sluice.


Oh, okay plus seven. It's good.


You ready? (laughter)


It comes with enough to cover a thousand square feet of surface.


Weird.


Excuse me. (heavy accent) The Magicians Chudge.


I have done this before.


Oh, I like that.


But you made it work with a lot of people.


Off the side of the cliff.


I wasn't trying to wrestle it.


She has dreams and visions, maybe you guys are just special or whatever the fuck they tell people. [laughter]


Let's go home.


Encourage violence.


Can I do a nature check, see how long it's going to hang out? Ooh, 17, that's 27.


(muttering) Bear!


I rolled it, but--


You've got him.


Do I have a bonus action?


You count in your head, Grog.


Or poison?


He doesn't care, does he?


You don't stop, either?


We've got the head of a manticore out on our cart. Melting in the sun.


The giant guy?


They can, but at least they'll be here.


Is it worth it?


Acrobatics? What is it?


Okay, so 45.


Do we need the pelt of the dire wolf?


Right. Totally. That day. The day.


You are at 27.


You're not going to try to get the boat through?


I feel like you could do the most damage.


Kill it!


What if it blows up? I don't want to blow up our ship. I already did that once today.


Everyone but me.


She's disintegrating the wall?


I probably don't see one. If I did, it would take a whole lot of time!


We all do if we pitch in together, I'm sure.


Let them know not to order food.


She loved us. We were great. Me and my duplicate skip away.


Halved, because I'm raging.


I said, "You might be able to see your breath!"


Grody to the max, Dad! It's Pet Shop Boys.


(stammering) Hello. I'm Otto.


We found some crucial information.


Oh, Percival, that hurts.


What’d you say?


Some things you don't get to keep.


Eins, zwei, drei. Snip.


Oh no. Loran. Loran was his name.


This is-- wow.


I can command them to do literally anything and they like it.


The two of you are extremely generous. Thank you, and the charity's going to have their mind blown. And thank you everyone for supporting.


Again. Natural 20.


Exactly, yeah, if we tell Uriel you're coming as someone else, he's going to ask why.


Also, I mean, if Pike can get up and get a peek in, she could take a first shot at turning it. Turnt. Stay turnt.


Maybe how to get into the lair without it knowing?


You see that fruit merchant over there?


Do I get an attack? A reaction attack?


Maybe while they're taking a tour, we bamf to Westruun for just a minute.


(shushes) Caw quietly.


You have fifty rings; do you have a glass bead? Necklaces, anything? Do you wear a glass bead on you?


Wait! Should I have asked if Kiri was cold? Do you get cold, Kiri?


So that's a 1d8.


Wonder how far this thing can fly.


What did you get Ash?


No, the Szundie.


We're going to ask him questions, and if he makes a peep-- Hold on, before we do that. Can you see the other guard that was out here?


She pushes massive statues, she unlocks all doors.


I saw fighting, lots of fighting. I feel like if we're going to move, we need to do it quickly.


Brought to you by Wyrmwood Gaming. Specifically designed to absorb tears. (laughter)


Yeah, I don't like her.


But you can't bring someone back who's already expired?


And then, any other like single people that can move fast?


It seems to be iron, like my will.


Left.


Can I just interject for a second only because I'm hot as hell. I just want to thank @pupgames on twitter for making me this fabulous stealthy cloak. I'm going to take it off in about two minutes, because it's more t-shirt weather here in the studio. So I'll just let everybody bask in the glow of my absence of light for two minutes, and then I'm going to switch to t-shirt mode.


You're not in a good spot!


I'm in shock still; I'm sorry. Bring back cookies if you're going.


And I think I know what to add to this. I think we need to demand a guide, and I think we need to demand safe passage out of the prison, as well, and back to our original plane as best he can.


Boots, something.


Oh shit.


Yes, it's definitely like 85 degrees. We're all sharing cloaks for no reason.


Did any of us see that?


Well, the good news is, I'm back up to full.


I don't want to say that we're the best detectives because that's already--


Pitting the dragons against each other?


Oh, that's all right.


Two slam attacks.


It was only one-- it was a couple of strikes to get him out, right?


Right? (sniffles)


What is your thing?


Are attack rolls?


Paint it?


Well, I reach and I grab the dwarven thrower. Welcome back, you son of a bitch. (all laugh)


I meant a healer's kit.


Yeah, that was a much better roll. So that's 24 points of damage.


Runs out the door.


Sand.


This was too much! Kiri and then this?


Are there guards out front or anything, or is it just a gate?


Trapdoor to the bottom?


I was searching for another place to hide.


Yeah. Totally.


Okay. Yeah, I was going to Frankenstein this.


Where abouts in town do you live?


I bounce out.


Are these #2 pencils? Could someone take the SAT with my "Doty, take this down" pencil?


I sleep in this.


Right, the large toad that was with the girl, what's the story there?


I mean, they're going to do it eventually anyway. I just usher the process along a little bit.


Yeah, do your thing-- fuck these dwarves up.


First shot to the face. That's still better. 17 to hit?


Does this city look like Whitestone?


Should've left him up there.


Okay, so Scanlan can hear.


You get $3 off the first box of boxes. Crate-crate.


Do you want to mess with the stones? Try and duplicate them? We have seven, right?


Cool. Hey, question. Should we help you with this terrible problem you've been facing, do you think there's any way you would want to help us when we try to take out this cancerous tree? It needs to be taken care of. Teamwork?


Oh my. Wait, that was-- we were-- but there was-- you shouldn't, no! Yes! I did do this. Yes.


Gilmore's out of town.


Room's kind of busy, in my opinion.


Right, and those tentacles-- the tentacles don't count towards his overall damage?


Second is 23.


Perception check. Which is a 25.


It will, it will.


Oh yeah. You could bamf us there.


Believe me, I was amazing, but maybe we should incite the rebellion, wait a half hour, and then go.


It's an abacus, God, abacus!


Oh, get her!


I got it! (snarling)


What does that mean? How can we stop him?


First, and I get advantage on everything is a-- It's a 30! And this is surprise attack, so it's a critical hit plus the sneak attack damage. This guy is going down! One plus seven is eight-- what gets doubled?


I was this close to running off from that road when things turned on us. You and I, we are going to survive together. That is the main thing.


Now you have used all your movement and you can't pull him away.


Am I at disadvantage again?


Wait, wait. Find out who she is first.


Yoink.


Yeah, I'm just bummed, because I'm glad he's alive--


I'm going to tweet the Teespring link right now.


I have many gifts.


(mutters) Vulnerable? Thought it was the Invulnerable.


I've never felt more useless.


How close am I to him?


If anyone would like to make us costumes.


That tunnel's not operational. We've got two ways out here, I see.


Grog, can you at the right moment just do a big-- see if you can topple it over?


No, I stopped it.


I'm pulling it out.


We could have cut that air with a knife.


That was awful. We should get out.


Long John Silver!


I'm looking. That one's not.


Do you have rooms available?


The fight was in the early morning.


Oh, do you have those potions?


We had a 50-50 chance!


Just to be clear, we can meet your mom, but you can't?


Is he done yet?


I smack him on the butt. Go get them.


I'll go like this!


Do it again! And I throw the chicken closest to me into the air.


We're going to do each other's hair, and make faces at everyone else in the group.


I feel like I'd be pretty proficient because it takes the strength to do it? I've got it.


Let's eat.


Some sort of glass.


Aren't you low, Pike? Like 11 or something.


Oh, you are right. Okay, that was still better. That's seven points of damage to start. Nope. Yep. 19, and I crit on a 19! [cheering]


I would like to get if my reading on if that is genuine or not. Yeah?


Why didn't we try to forge a writ, damn it?


Wider brim?


I love that we are working on miniatures at the table.


Did you know that you can't see?


It's better overall.


Good job! Kill that celestial baby!


A copper apiece.


Thank you. Thanks, Nott.


Sweet! Keep going, guys.


She can't. She's out of spells.


Whoa whoa whoa!


Oh wait, hold on-- I want to turn to to everybody and go, "Fly, you fools."


No, I'm sorry.


This'll be great.


I scoop her up. Look at you! You cast a spell, you spoke to me!


A silver?!


Yes, we'll keep going forward.


You know what? I'm not on the clock. You read it. (laughter)


Okay. If I saw that, I would snap my fingers and make Frumpkin poof out.


(watch talking)


Does it? All right, let's-- go ahead. I'm curious.


How long do your inspiring speeches last?


I know, he would've loved that.


Is this insight?


Ooh, that's a lot!


Kill it with fire. Sorry. Ten, 11, 21--


Y'all should totally fight right now. Just fight in the room while we're all here and take off your clothes.


And I'll be leveled up to their level?


That's from Coriolanus.


Raven Queen, demons, you never know who's looking over your shoulder.


Buttholes as Tiberius would call them. -- very unhappy race of things below the surface of the earth. Now, we're here today because Tiberius, crafty as he is, was able to flee ahead of us and create a portal back here. We ended up falling ass over tea kettle in the Lyceum, so here we are.


I would love to have you do that.


It's just-- no?


You know what, I want to pop Trinket out. I want him to be in the mansion with Pike and Grog. Go!


Talking-- oh, yes. I haven't picked up a woman in a bar before.


We've got the Musketeers guarding the place.


Oh, my, what?


Wasted all of our 20s on goods.


Is it considered faith if you just really like somebody?


Four, two, two. Eight!


I'm not going to poke it with my finger, though, I'm going to poke at it with a fork.


Okay. I'm going to go fire elemental.


Hold! It is not necessary. Brothers, look me in the eye. Has the taste of food lost its appeal? Has the zest for life fallen from your hearts? Living in this domesticated dwelling. I promise you this: hear me, and I promise you adventures and glory that is worthy of this herd.


Like coming from another room?


I'm going to cast Thaumaturgy and start whispers throughout the crowd going: (chanting) Yasha, Yasha! Hopefully the crowd picks it up.


(pained groan)


Yeah, Thunderlord! I say that in my head.


That's nothing. I could go for another two hours, at least.


You guys, we should probably do it again?


A Trost for each of us, please.


I'll take this in. I'm going to Riker right over the chair and sit down.


Well, you've already got seven dead birds.


It's the pilot--


He needs a nap.


I'm going to dissipate my card illusion and I'm going to cast Fly on myself, so I'm hovering.


What about all the spires that are up there, that have anti-dragon poison?


Paleo.


End it?


Who's next?


Sun's on its way down, you said?


I will enter the second carriage, if they are looking for people.


It looks like us.


And hold it against a dragon?


That's heavy metal.


I thought it was going to work. It was going to be real cool.


I can't cheat, but I really want to listen.


I will thankfully never know.


See, I'm the best. So that's what I saw.


It has been.


We take him the fuck out of here.


I don't have Uncanny Dodge yet, that's level five or seven or something.


It's like in Mary Poppins; everyone holds the china.


That's some restricted reading bullshit.


Grog is the best thinker.


I mean, you know, we almost all got pinched yesterday.


Yeah. Intimidation, 13.


Let's get the fuck out of here and they can--


I will heal Vex with my bonus action first, right, she's still within range, yes?


You look wonderful today.


As long as we have some way of knowing what point at which we re-enter this room. Then we at least have a way of having it chase us into its range.


I have to talk the talk and maybe trade something, but--


I know, I'm sorry, I've been thinking about it all night tonight, I went looking for Kaylie, she wasn't there, and then-- I'm sorry, I blurted it out, it's just, we're all together, we're never all together like this, so.


Guinevere! That's was it was. I remember Oskar a little more. Only Oskar was paddling in that one.


Only one of us will die. And it won't be me. I can be invisible. (all laugh)


So that means isolating the gnome away from the others, because he could fall in love with literally anything or anyone.


We're going down to talk.


Have advantage.


That would just get me-- I'll save it for right now. But I can see Nott, and I can see the guy, and I can see the cart.


As it carries through, I'd like to come back with a back elbow, same spot. Boom.


Well, we've got a fucking flying carpet.


Wait! Not the pulp, we need the ears!


(snorts) You're a dummy. I'm the dummy, why are you such a dummy?


The Evening Nip.


Even a couple more. Out of view, there we go.


Did we go through all of the papers that Raishan and everything had, for the most part?


I did it. I already said it. Still Pass Without A Trace. Still trying to sneak out.


Little green, little blue.


Hold on. I'm opening my-- yeah! Proficiencies and languages. Forgery kit.


You are very attractive.


Okay. Are we going to talk to any of them?


Game that system, do it.


Kiri, stay behind me a little bit, okay? Don't make yourself obvious, all right?


Oh, he doesn't need my help.


All right, everything's been--


Oh! That one! 10 00 AM PDT.


Can I like slap myself?


Okay, that's not good. Eight?


Can I walk over there, then? Okay. I walk to there. I want to use my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel and attack it.


But I look really cool with a fire beard and stuff, so.


When you first told us about your mother.


Ah, god!


I have the skull. I'm not going to use it, I don't trust him not to use it, yet.


A large tree.


Yeah, but I've got to get to the anvil to do that.


Oh, right, okay. Thank you.


Okay. I'm going to--


Just wants to kill Vecna?


So I am rolling 2d6 plus three twice, so I'll do 4d... or, I'll roll 3d6 twice. First one... not bad. Eight plus five is 13, plus another three, so 16. 16 for the first one.


Which, of course, we didn't want to do.


It's hard to keep track of three characters.


Okay, are they surprised?


That's tinkering is plus four, plus proficiency bonus, plus a d20, if I recall?


Oh, four people?


No problem. What else?


I Druidcraft some spiderweb hammocks.


One of them seemed to spasm.


That's true. I'll think on it. Can I ask you one more question, Pumat?


Do the guards now know that they were being manipulated?


I write all my songs from scratch. (all laugh)


Strength is?


Well then I'm going to attack her. She's already restrained. Fuck it, I'm going to attack her with a blazing bowstring.


We've been playing for two and a half years. Someone wanted to know how long.


It's a little Logan!


I put my hand up for a high-five.


Could there be side effects or something?


30 souls just sitting in a rock. You think my shit's weird?


It's salt water, too.


Waiting for you.


We heard your voice at Target.


Oh, I mean we could try it. I'll put Pike on the broom.


I'm going to run and find Vax, get my stuff, and go to work.


What are you going to do with it?


Let's go scout it out.


I'm standing right there, so I'll get you up.


It's an 18.


Hold onto your butts. That's a one.


Yeah, we got bugs and cheese.


Yeah, thanks. He gives me a spare and I start trying to work on the door while he's doing the others.


Are you dating right now?


They're not even magic dogs, they're just dogs! Can I roll to see if he's fucking telling the truth?


It says, Gnome Cunning, advantage on wisdom, character, intelligence, magic saves. That's what I wrote down, anyway.


Okay, let's talk this out. Click the Boots of Haste. I think, with 120 feet of movement, I can blur up the stairs to where Percy is in probably 50 or 60 feet. And then finish that movement and go past the guy, out the window, with all of my movement in 120 feet or less. Okay, so I'm doing that.


Yeah, what the fuck? What's with Jarett?


It's in my old notebook.


I wish to observe the Briarwoods myself.


I will find Nott. Have you done everything that you could here?


That is eight points of damage.


Would you and your light-footed friend like to join me in here?


Or for a witch's hut.


He might come back as like a dog.


That's old history. How are you getting on?


I feel like I've heard of the Ruby of the Sea.


I didn't offer all of it. I said there was something to pick up. He might have grabbed a bunch of mud, what are you so upset about?


You're killing him.


Damn it! It hurts! It hurts me in my soul.


Whatever Caleb says happens next. (laughter)


Wait, so who killed him?


(gasps) Oh, motherfucker! He's a spy.


Did he get disadvantage on the other attack as well?


Okay, so then it's 17.


I don't know, it was a pretty big pile though. This is like not a big pile, this was like a big pile.


Yeah, I was all over New Vegas, as well, so they cut me out.


Adding my modifier or its?


Did you take any healing potions? If you did you'd have an empty healing potion vial.


Keep looking at mine. Same thing. 23.


Before we go out there, I go to my room, I take a dump on my bed--


Starting off well.


I'm going to stay put. Stay hidden.


Good roll!


Thanks for the fun.


In Draconic I say  It's all right.


We're not responsible for any injury or death that you may sustain while traveling with us. Even if it is from a member of The Mighty Nein.


That's true, he could be accountable.


Yeah, boy, sure did.


Wait, do we know people other than ourselves?


I can go eagle form and have aerial support.


Why not? There's five of us and--


We still have the pot. You could get some oil and really make this work.


I was going to encourage. No. I'm going to encourage this now. I think this is a great idea.


They don't call me that.


Hugging the walls, looking normal.


d10. Yes.


Hopefully it goes well.


Does it look like anything's supposed to go in the triangle? Does it look like a keyhole?


He's just a nice old man.


Does it look like he really needs that cane?


That was a wonderful toot, Scanlan!


Two poison glands.


Advantage, or no?


Oh Jeebus.


Yeah, we can just go hopping from building to building.


Where did you get those thieves' tools?


That's really good. Plus ten.


This one has seven charges. While holding it, you, you can use an action to expend one or more of its charges to cast the Magic Missile spell from it. For one charge, you cast the first-level version of the spell. You can increase the spell slot by one for each level by each additional charge you expend. The wand regains 1d6 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the wand's last charge, roll a d20. On a one, the wand crumples into ashes and then--


Pike! Look at this.


That's the illusory captain that I just made appear at the end of the dock.


Insight check. 14.


I'll try and swim up towards the top.


I'm desperately injured.


Don't put it in a Bag of Holding.


I say we remove it, at the very least. See what happens.


We are going to offer them our services in getting this city back to a functioning level. They don't want a city ruled by a dragon, we don't want a city ruled by a dragon. It's in their interest to help us clear the city.


I notice that his hand is weirdly cold and sweaty.


She was a horse a moment ago.


Are you going to Nicodranas?


Not all by myself.


You fucking busted a rib did you?


How many times are we going to have to fight this bitch?


I found him.


Yeah. Or just ill on the front doorstep and keep them occupied.


Good. There's only just the two at the door?


Sure does.


Ah, shit. I did not understand them, right? So I don't know that they're going to run.


Do I add my wisdom to that?


Back to normal, then, eh?


He's my great-grandfather.


I head to the outside and wait out by the posting where we last saw Caleb and Jester.


I'm so not stealthy. Unless I go downstairs, I just got to waste the Haste.


We almost lost the carpet that one time, too, and we found it.


That's the best I got right now.


I love you, guys.


Yes. Yes! Of course. They'll be easily killed, they're half our size.


Actually, I'm going to spend my resolve and reroll that.


Each one of those squares in the room with him are ten feet squares, right?


That was my plan, but we could do it right now. Just to be careful. You want to drip some on the blade and see if he likes the flavor?


I'm disappointed. I was expecting something more imaginative.


I mean, I'm sure there is something bigger than Thordak, probably in the Fire Plane, but the Fire Ashari closed the portal.


Congrats, David!


Yeah, did you right it down, though? 'Cause I didn't.


That's for him to do. TRAVIS. No. For me to do?


Oh, that would make sure a good show. I'm very okay with it. Like, let's go for it. It's for charity, let's just do it.


I carry Grog over to the island on the other side.


And should I do both hits?


I grab him real fast and say, "It was Hotis, the rakshasa. Remember? From the Slayer's Take."


Keyleth's got our back. She'll burrow in and pull us out.


He's going to be fine.


I'd like to attune to my frostbrand sword.


And that's it?


(laughs) Are you hazing Loran?


I wonder if I could re-enchant it with the poo.


I rolled twice. One was a 17 and one was a ten.


I know, I just wish--


I've got you, nameless deckhand!


First attack is 21.


(spits)


I have 19 hit points left.


Didn't really look like much.


But you said advantage. So that was a three.


I never knew you were an artist.


Yeah. Got your messages. I will move the meeting up and the Big O is going to die for sure.


I'm fucking asking.


Yeah, tell them.


I'm sure he doesn't. I'm just happy to see him.


Okay. Correct. 4d8.


Yeah, well hey. I'm no expert on the religious arts, but we have this eye of doom with us. Should we really be bringing this into a holy place of goodness?


All right, I'm going to take out my flask and pour a good, healthy, half quantity. You have to drink it fast. It will disappear soon.


Which means you are, too.


Where I rolled a 21 and it missed.


I mean I look like one of the guards.


No, no, with the hand.


If you weren't too anxious to run off anywhere.


It's all missing. Is there anything that I--


I'll see you soon.


Pass Without a Trace first?


Sorry. Actually, I think that was probably it.


That's what I will do. Undo.


Fraternity all-stars.


Nope. It's staying on.


Excuse me! Can I have a mi-- (hiccups) minute of your time?


I don't have anyone sitting next to me to confirm this, but I swear it's a natural 20!


You're also not constantly perspiring or anything.


I'm going to save it until next time.


Okay, I'm going to take the two dudes who are in front of me, you can tell me if I can do this twice or not, I want to do my multi-slam attack, my multi-attack slam, and I want to go, in as dictated in Common as I can as an earth elemental, knock. Knock. And I want to take their heads and go, boof-boof.


Oh, no, me? That's a negative one. (shriek)


Oh, that's good, the way you put it there!


Good to know! I might catch up with you later on.


I'm 50 feet in front of everyone else.


Oh, you're inspired!


(shaky flute music)


A team drinking competition?


Any chance you want to come up and help me? I pull a big piece of splintered wood out of my forehead, throw it over to the side. In time, I'm good.


We're going way ahead.


That's tight.


The fuck are you talking about?


What about above the door? It is opposite of the mirror, right? If one's a door, and the other one's a door?


Yeah. 85 gold.


Against the Briarwoods?


Even in the water? I'm in a womb-like state.


I take it back, I like him.


No, for Gears of War event.


Oh, well, we don't need to keep saying these things. You know, if you guys would like to stay just for a few days, because we're going to be leaving.


We'll vary it up a bit.


Nice. 35.


You have things going on.


I start clawing at the wall where he was.


Cool. Cool cool cool. Did I get a little black powder from you?


Friends. Friends.


I mean, I can use the tether and tie you to the broom.


I'm going to push off him, then.


Wait, we kinda prop them up to kinda like Weekend at Bernie's them, yeah, make them just look like they're, you know, passed out.


Yeah, that Prismatic Spray was impressive.


He's right near you.


Okay. Apropos of nothing, I have heard about this tower attack. That's terrible.


When's your birthday?


I have a strength of 12. There’s not a lot I can do.


Yes indeed.


All right. We'll walk over to her.


I mean, I know you're grieving, but we could give Trinket up for this.


Female viewers, absolutely.


I'm not even going to use the inspiration because it won't get us there.


Do we have a city in the Feywild that we know of that's safe-ish?


Go Scanlan!


What do you mean? I'll roll it again, if you want. I don't care. I'm rolling it again! That's way worse: nine.


Nice. I will approach.


Wow. I have a joke, I'm going to keep it in my head. This is all going much worse than I intended it to, so I am going to tug on the glove and I'm going to slap it and send out three--


Mail fraud on the way out of town.


Hang on, you've got to have the full experience. First off, "For Bo," spelled wrong.


Sorry. Do you want one?


When I was younger, I grew up in a small township outside of Rexxentrum called Blumenthal. My mother's name was Una. My father's name was Leofric. Everyone was very excited about me when I was young. I was bright and confident. People used to say that I glided through life and everything just worked for me. As I got older, it became clear that I had a knack for the arcane. Everyone talked about this Soltryce Academy, maybe I would go there someday. The way they do things at that Academy, they don't take all comers, they look for the diamond in the rough and every couple of years they find one. But when I was a young man, adolescent, really, they found three of us. Another boy and a girl, and--


You want to rage loot?


Three, two, one.


Was it on the ceiling the whole time?


It's a happy ending.


Re-explain what's happening. So the carpet is falling, not as fast as it would, but--


As he's talking I start doing it. (laughter)


18 and a 17? It hits.


Bacon. I really like bacon.


Okay. Trinket's gonna go run at-- I'm gonna Hunter's Mark it if I can.


See, that's pretty great.


Oh! Um well, uh. I pull out two bottles. This one - they're both empty bottles - but this one is an air bottle and this one is a water bottle.


Yes. Scanlan.


The beauty of this game is I have no idea what the shit we're going to do right now.


Okay. I'll throw two Eldritch Blasts to this creature behind Caduceus.


Are you satisfied in your knowledge you've procured?


(normal volume) This is my whisper voice.


Then, if I'm within 30 feet, I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing on my buds.


I don't know those references, but yeah, they are at odds.


Fuck! I didn't want to throw something hard at him.


Other than the mage and maybe Ripley, everyone's off-- no, and the fucker Kynan.


Excuse me, apologies. I pull Beau backward by the arm. And-- no. Long enough until we fall back a bit, and wait to see that the group is not paying attention.


Can I move and then hold my turn? Can I move at all? Hold the actions?


And we're doubling movement.


It's windy. You're up on a cliff.


I almost drop out of my rage because that was a real dick move, just dunking on me.


Yeah, that's good dinner wear.


Yeah, we've got a way.


Zwei.


Yeah, just hold onto it.


One silver, four copper.


Remind me, it just keeps going forward? Oh no, Frumpkin, no!


I'm also trying to work on the manners thing.


Tell us where to get it.


Click, click. Dagger, dagger, dagger.


I'm going to go test this out, and I'll meet you in the workshop. I'll be right back.


Get them.


Oh wait, can he swim? He's good. He did it before, right?


Yeah, she's hard to hit.


In case.


(sings) When people keep repeating that you need a place to sleep, when everybody starts retreating but you need a really cool keep, let Scanlan open the door. Let Scanlan open the door! Let Scanlan open the door to your house!


Matt, you're going to Wizard World in Philly. But we will not be joining because we don't own a private fucking plane.


15 for me.


You sneaky mother-- Is he the one?


I totally eat it and just hit the ground.


(laughs) Double Pike is the best Pike.


That's why I always ask that question. It does 66 bludgeoning damage when it's pinned.


About what time of the day is it?


No, there's no fucking pigeons.


Fucking hourglass, damn it.


I don't have a lot left. All right, then.


6d6 fire damage!


Pike, are you in there?


It says chaotic good.


With you?


I will fucking kill you!


Is there anything to tie rope off onto?


Does it have nice Roman-style shade and then little baskets?


We don't mean to disturb you, great sire.


Fucking gravity.


I for one am going to have some sleepy time tea.


What to do?


Simon, I'll call out if I see him. Why don't you see, if you run the other way, see if you can find him.


And I will burn my only action surge to whale away some more.


Tavern as favored terrain is genius.


Because current First Lady Nancy Reagan gave me some bitching advice!


I agree. Stormwinds should not be meddling around with these peasants. Are we in a tavern?


I'd owe you one.


Yeah, no. No, healing potions are generally a rip off.


Can I come right here to it? You know what-- nah, it's fine. Whatever works, it's all good. I'm into it all.


He only stops when you kill him down here.


Just to see if the town is normal or not.


(glass shattering)


Did you see the stink-eye he gave me?


We can use Divination.


31?! Nice.


Acrobatics?


(whispering) I hate him.


I didn't want to touch it.


Double, but barely.


I'm going to use the shillelagh.


Through my Hand Cone of Clarity.


Well, it looks like there's one saved soul at this point in time.


Why have you never used a javelin of lightning?


Ooh. That's a 29.


That is nine.


You want to try to take out this guy in front of me first, with your sneak attack, or do you want me to lean in on him?


If we can take 60 seconds, I back up into a corner and start casting Conjure Elemental and conjure another water elemental to be on our side, from the staff.


Now they all look like they just left and had some--


One of the feats I have?


(sing-songy noises) That's a ten.


That's fine, that's fine, I rip him, I yank him away and throw the little bugger.


If that isn't a sign that I must be crazy, I don't know what is.


I throw another gold at him. You are a fount of information.


You'll figure this broom out eventually.


Okay. One. Four. Eight. Nine. 13, 26, 36 damage from the first dagger.


Ten extra legs now.


Ionos.


Plus all the packs.


So are you saying you want what he has back?


First attack is a 28.


All right. And I flip him a silver. Bing.


I bet it looks really cool with the daylight passing through it, though, huh?


I find a side chamber or a little nook. Somewhere where I can have some privacy.


Which ones did you roll?


Do I get a jolly hat out of it?


Reload and one more shot!


Okay, try it gingerly.


You can pop out, cast a spell and pop back. But not a bonus action.


Including your grandad!


Well, this may be the weirdest thing. This is not the worst thing.


She's still a member of the Slayer's Take, of course, though. Isn't she?


So plus (counting) 23 points of lightning damage on top of that.


No. But the stench is great.


Well, we could take them at night, which we did not do before. Some of them would be awake, probably not all of them. We had the element of surprise before, we hopefully have it now.


I call out Trinket--


I attack her.


Oh, I think I added it.


Kerrion. I don't know. I was hoping it would feel better.


Whoa. Do I see or learn anything about the elemental planes that I didn't know before?


I’ll get on the other side of where Yasha will eventually be.


Stupid double iPads, fuck! That seems low for charisma.


Okay, no-- I thought I'd ask. How are you feeling?


Whoa, it was effective!


Do you have a hammock?


That's dupioni silk? I knew that! Dupioni. Bob Dupioni.


Sneeze? What? Why--


No attack of opportunity?


No. (inhales) I'm gonna try and-- how far do I have on that? I'm gonna try and stick my head through the portal. I'm gonna try and cast Minor Illusion? In front of the beast?


I'll follow Vax.


Do you mind if you come to the outskirts of the city with us?


I mean, it's pretty rusty.


18. 18 plus what?


Oh, are you scared of me?


Seven, nine, 14 damage.


All right. Sure. I'll do that, I guess.


We had a little trouble on our ship earlier. I was curious if everything was all right. I heard a little commotion.


I'll pick one up and smell it. (sniffing)


Naturally awful.


Color printer.


I was going to say we're being social.


Add my spell attack?


This was in one of these tomes?


Oh, I have something I can stall time with. For those who didn't catch the debut episode of One Night Only, it was awesome. We talked about Sagas of Sundry: Dread. We dressed up. We made it an event. One Night Only is our special event series that we are attempting to do monthly, is the goal. Where we bring you people from your favorite fandom in entertainment and pop culture and get to ask questions with them, panel-style. Inside the Actors Studio style.


You won't have to work very hard at it, I imagine. I think just being you wherever the world puts you will do just fine.


We get back around everybody! Is he still fucking here?!


You look like a princess.


I'm getting crumbs in my bosom?


I think you said, "I cast Talk to Bats."


It depends on what kind of spell. Like, elemental spells--


Yeah, listen. About that. Let's just keep it right between the amigos, all right? Just because--


Molly, pleasure.


You're blind as, well? Okay. I see my boyfriend down, but I think he's all right, he's fine. You're fine. God, all my friends are fucking blind. I turn and I fly over to Vex and I go, snap out of it! I slap a healing whatever into her. A healing touch.


We could go see Gustav.


I'm going to open it.


I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


We're Vox Machina. We were sent here to speak to Pelor by the goddess Sarenrae.


We can do a live intro video.


Look at all those people.


The nail wraps are limited too.


Leather armor, yeah.


Oh, Kima. Clarota, are you going to put your--


Your pancreas melts.


Would it move the webbing as it went through?


I think we head off to Ank'Harel.


Now to our new Tealeaf.


(whispers) 21.


I'll take a 12.


Here we go. Picture it. You're watching TV. It's 8:30PM, primetime, and this promo comes on. (announcer voice) "This fall on CBS, it's the hilarious sitcom everyone's "stoked" about: You've Got Gail!"


It's not the same one?


She seemed very maniacal, is the word that I would choose. She seemed very driven.


Do it! Do it!


Two years on a sitcom. I can hold this all day. (laughter)


(yells) Okay. Yes, I do. It's a new campaign, new us, new merch. I don't know which camera I'm looking at.


That's good, that's an 18! Plus six, so 24?


It sounds like basilisks, but they're too slow.


Fucking doors!


And there might be an unbelievable amount of fire giants in that building.


Do you want any sparkly stuff on it, or a bow? Sometimes bows are really pretty.


Javier Muńoz and I are going to be best friends, and then I'm going to go to dinner with George Washington. I'm going to shave his head. It's going to be awesome.


Hupperdook?


Do you at least have a late flight?


What do we need to bring into the trammel?


And a 16.


20, actually. 11 plus nine is 20.


Fuck. We shouldn't have attacked it so much.


You've never heard of breakfast beer?


I know. It's a metaphor. Oh.


I can't do Trinket. It has to be less than five pounds.


It's really loose. I feel like all of us felt like, we were doing Pathfinder, and... Fucking loved it, otherwise we wouldn't be doing it, but it was really intricate, and we were doing it every six or seven weeks, when we were off-air, so. We felt like the rules were really complicated and we'd lose track of it. We loved doing it, obviously, but Fifth Edition is really fast and loose. I recommend that. And Travis just stuck his finger in my ear, he kinda does that. He hits me in the nads a lot.


I definitely roll. How does Scanlan land?


Really not necessary.


You know, no matter what you pick, you're always welcome, right?


Shut up. I'm writing, "two owlbear arrows."


Cheers, Victor!


Oh, we only saw one.


Do you go back in the morning or do you go back now?


I still haven't-- I-- okay.


Blessed be Sarenrae's name.


Can I use my action to disengage?


Shut up! I don't need you to condescend to me! Give me another one!


And oil.


I cast Disguise Self as an old woman-- oof, who just burped?


Armor bro.


Oh good. I was on the deck of the ship, too. How perfect. Hey, Nott.


My magic comes from just me? The draconic blood, I'm told, has magical essences to it.


No, we gotta do it from the inside.


I have an idea about Grog flying that just occurred to me. Trinket's big.


There's the barbarian on Caleb, which is not good.


Technically royalty before.


We're in the north. There's a lot of places that snow. It could be Draconia. There's a lot of places that snow.


We are friends to-- the man on top. J'mon, I misspoke.


How are you doing, Grog? Are you still okay? Are you bloodied yet?


I'm a hundred yards away. Shouldn't he have to roll to see if he shoots me?


Jarett's a mole, kill him.


Maybe the prettiest Wyrmwood box ever.


He's still here.


Yeah, the gnarliest map of all time.


That's my next character.


You chose so poorly. You chose so poorly. It is truly impressive how poorly you chose.


Yeah, I got my ass handed to me. Two crits by that giant bastard.


Okay, I'm going to cast Spiritual Weapon as my bonus action right above the singing harpy and try to slam it down upon her head.


Episode one. Tiberius kills himself.


Should we go down and escape the other way so nobody sees-- Oh, I guess you guys already left.


Oh. That's a good point.


Too late now.


We are here to right wrongs and I promise you, our business is finding her and returning home.


Right, we want to just get along. We're all tired. I'm tired, but I'll go to work if I need to.


Just for visuals.


A wyvern.


You know, if you wait five minutes, I can at least take one out.


So you've got one hit point now? So it'll knock you down?


We should really get to stepping.


Have a fort party?


We have a six, we have a five, and we have a two. 13.


Slowly.


Can I tell which cards are good and which cards are bad?


Plus my constitution?


I really thought I was going to roll two tens.


Later. Yoga position.


Out of game.


(laughs) You don't listen, anyway.


A wisdom check?


Maybe. Probably not.


Well, we can grab their robes, I don't know how many of those we have, but I think we also have a necklace.


Larkin, do you have any spells you can use?


A strength check? For some Jello?


You what?


Any cracks that are a half-inch wide, big enough for a spider?


I want to go back!


That is majorly cocked.


I am so ready for this.


Just going into bars, pubs. Start talking a little bit loudly about the pirate crew and Captain Jawgrasp and the hell that he unleashed on the docks the other night.


Cantrip? No.


You keep bees here?


Yep, that thing was still alive.


Morning.


Wait, she goes through the thing?!


It just says "Big."


Trinket's going to guard the castle.


Go get him, monk.


I'll just use the one little spell.


It's like a Hunter's Mark all on your own.


And the second dagger, which is Life-Stealing, hits with a 24.


Tary, that was a personal gift from me to you.


So I could make it in a run?


Right. But do you have any amendments to it? Would you change it somehow?


The minute something shows, we're all going to be like, boom! But nothing's going to show.


You guys are going to shop, ah!


And the coals are in a circle?


Still smells like piss, man.


Come on, copper dice gods. 18.


Is that way more than-- I have a 30 foot teleport, right?


Well, it sounds really good.


(gasps) Oh, I don't have to pee. (laughter)


Yeah, just blunt.


You can certainly acknowledge when someone can squash you like a bug.


Yeah. Most likely.


Whitestone!


Can I attempt to start looking around the room to try and find anything interesting and try and be useful?


In fact, there's a ten-foot gap, right, Matt? Between everybody? Right up front?


You are a smart one.


Sorry, Laura.


Well, one of us. Let's put down.


Family stuff can be tricky.


Can we do it here?


Yeah, it's something like this. Then you do this.


I mean, you knew we were on a time crunch, Tiberius.


Matt is now a nymph.


I turn around and watch it happen.


Grog, you've never been so hot!


Fuck that shit. (laughs) I was about to, but chaotic neutral, sorry! (laughter)


Surprise, surprise.


What's that mean? Is that a reference? What is that?


Vax. Need your help; this is locked.


I blow my Horn of Fog to create a smokescreen. I don't know what the fuck she's doing.


I'm going to move there, and I'm going to hold my attack until there's something to hit. I'm going to try and make a little wave at Yasha. Toya. Ah, brain.


As you may have heard, I have now become first mate.


And do I still have-- no I don't. Not anymore.


Okay, ten-- Sorro! Sorry.


Tary, what do you think?


What are you talking about?


You knew it was coming, as well.


Plus five, so seven.


Just speaking hypothetically, it would not upset you any if he were to disappear?


I haven't been wanting to be alone most nights. And I let him in.


Traceable!


Okay, okay. 19.


They're so nice. I feel terrible.


Perhaps it requires a bad Irish accent.


We cater mostly to halflings and gnomes. Everyone, but specifically because they're so underserved.


So, this card here will be--


I close the door, I open it, and I read it. (cheering)


All we care about is deeds. You've proven yourself to great depth today.


No, he's joining the fight.


Do you want to go from either side? You take the carpet, go to the other side, and I'll walk over with Trinket to the other. What is he looking for?


Mm-hmm. Yeah.


Can we-- where's the magic carpet? Throw their asses on the magic carpet!


I like this plan. I'm into it.


Yeah, I mean, it's probably fine, but I really don't think we should walk up, just in case.


And what were you doing for them before?


Back to my idea, okay. Nott on the other side can probably put a bolt in that guy's throat over there. You can probably vault up the side of that wall, if I'm not mistaken, don't you think?


Can I Hunter's Mark them?


I need it written down! Oh there it is.


I know, but you practically sang ballads for airships for weeks.


Polite piracy


Do we know that there's a second horn?


Ten feet. Directly away from me.


Yeah, he's got a really rough accent.


Yeah, I think we've got some-- We could go after the dude in hell, but I think we have some more time.


No, that gunner should have been in the radius.


He's a goliath?


It's fine! Just come down.


Could you do me a favor, then? Do you think, instead of attacking my twin sister next time-- and I take Whisper and I go-- can I feed him for you?


Are there any weapons around her feet or where she's sitting or playing?


What do I do?


I know, it's crumbs and moldy bits of pastry at the bottom of my bag now.


How about we throw one of those and send--


We'll focus on her.


It. Terrible.


Does it sit on your head, or on the antlers?


I swear to Pelor, if you would have gotten us killed...


He is a businessman.


She just gets a finger full of sweat.


He's sitting on the carpet.


It's true. You need more than one example.


Okay. So. Do I do my regular attack on that, as well, or do I just do the damage from the lightning?


Wait, how did you do that?


Oh! Well, okay. I didn't know that. I will try something else then. I will send-- shit. I will send my Lightning Bolt. Can I see any part of him that's not inhabited by one of my allies?


These guys.


Oh shit. The ship will be gone when we come back up.


Well, we've been here an hour, there are seven hours-ish left on the spell. That'll get us through most of the night.


Yay, map time!


(whispering) Yeah!


What color?


(high-pitched) Okay!


Do I have eyes on the biggie? Is Fjord right next to her?


The stallion that mounts the world, for sure.


No, they're in Trostenwald.


How far away from it do we have to be in order to not hear the hum?


Oh, the 3d8s. That's right. I'm sorry.


Stingy motherfucker!


What door is open?


Well, we do.


13 as well.


(growls)


Through the hand cone, through the hand cone.


Let's just take them all.


Well, maybe-- Don't let us hold you down, if you want to go enjoy?


Put down my hair.


Hello, hi!


Mm-hmm. I'm going to jump on it. (singing) Jump on it! Then I'm going to take my bonus action to do Patient Defense. I'm going to look at Lorenzo and be like: Your new look sucks, man! Then do Patient Defense.


This is a weird-looking wall.


Yeah. To Shitty Creek?


If that's what the letter that second word starts with.


No, it's not going to-- It's not granting anyone's wish.


Could we do it together, could I help him, give him advantage?


All right. All right. Sorry, wild goose chase.


Can you pick it?


What the fuck, get rid of that dice, Sam.


Whoa, that's so cool. I mean terrible.


This will greatly enhance your ability to move forward with us, won't it?


(whispering) Eskil Ryndarien!


Well, summer home really.


I'm feeling the hag. Is anybody else feeling the hag?


That's an answer. That'll do. Yesterday was-- oh god, what's the word?


And I'm sure he's aware that there's a commotion.


Yeah, it's pretty good work, right?


That's pretty-- that's a good point.


So what you're saying is?


Someone asked if it's weird not being a fantasy character in a fantasy setting, for Percy as a gunslinger. I really like it. I will actually admit that I've always been fascinated by that moment in history where suddenly we went from bows and arrows to guns, so I really like the idea of being the guy who made that terrible mistake and had this really bad idea, and I'm really enjoying...


Okay, 14, 18. (counting)


Vex. How you looking? You looking rough?


Oh, how many?


Reel us all back a bit.


Sunshine, roll high.


I'm not pygmied or anything, I'm like a doll.


I stand up, and I look at Grog. And in Giant I say, "'Sup."


Hey, before we go in there and just make asses of ourselves, As a group, what do you think we need to get down into these mines?


Aw, man. I really liked the look of that.


She is.


No, no, no, I'm really outside her door, talking. I'm sure she can hear me through the door.


Oh! So find addresses and documents!


What guild do you work for?


For cold things? You have everything here, do you have a chilly room?


Roll well.


Yeah, so roll and then add 11.


Toya.


What's up, bro?


You heard him, Critters! Go on out and-- for a shitty show?


I'm gonna make swamp shoes.


You're right. You're right, there is a--


And I will do the same fucking thing. And I'll cast Hold Person on him as well, with my Hand Cone of Clarity.


As long as it doesn't explode.


Okay, we should put Dust of Tracelessness down. Dust of Tracelessness on the ground!


Not constantly, but in a cute way.


Vorugal is the white dragon?


Downstairs it is.


I like crawling fingers.


(English accent) We don't want no poo.


You know, Kashaw, for a cleric, I was concerned maybe you didn't believe in much at all. And I was very unsure of how you got all of your radiant powers, considering I didn't know what you believed in. But you must believe in something. So what is it?


They're certainly no meaner than Grog is. They're just scarier.


It's like I got night vision! Like I can see... things!


Wow! Well, I went there. I went to the Island of Renewal; that's where she is. And she gave this to me.


What do we want our next step to be?


Are you deaf?


When you see what we do to orcs.


Caleb, are the bars rusted? Did they seem rusted at all?


Oh, does she still have the earring on? Any luck?


Do the sword! Yes, attack him as you run by him.


I look so mean because my charisma's so low.


Well, it sounds like they've already-- they're sending other people to get her out. What's the big deal?


They made it, didn't they?


Yeah, let us lead the way, or whoever's smart. I'm really smart, how smart are you?


Potentially all of us will be stealthed except for Tiberius, and you who is a scorpion, and you who's riding behind Tiberius.


That's a gift, man, that is a great gift.


To help me out? Will it be a team effort? No? All right.


Right, I knew this was coming.


So this is Osgiliath, right? It's wrecked ruin, no complete buildings, or are any of them?


Yeah, they might still be alive. And I call out, hello?


Anything we should know before we continue?


Of course, come visit me in my baroness... isity.


Move, move, move!


No, check the thing on the ground and see if it's trapped first.


Can't do anything right now.


Have you seen it, Ashley?


It's super broad!


Grog and I don't share much!


We're looking for that booty.


(teeth clenched) Get out!


(bad flute playing)


It's not a permanent thing.


I'm going to try and start figuring out how to open that other gate that I'm next to.


Fjord and I found an additional cellar, where we found that skeleton, behind the Leaky Tap. Doesn't look like anybody--


If we got the guy we need. I will move over a bit. Yeah. And... (imitates energy firing)


I thought you were going to go Ronald McDonald, so that's a step up.


I can't do anything else, right?


Well, now's a good time.


Something heavy.


That's fine. It causes nine hit points of damage.


If honor is what he wants, do not give it to him. Let him live.


My belt buckle!


Oh I'm sorry, I was wrong  she's just a bitch.


What you got, Pike?


I think-- Can I use it-- Can I heal myself after I throw it? Can I? Or is it one or the other?


That's better. That's a 20.


What's the solid plan?


Oh yeah, they both hit. Of course.


Yeah, we want to kill Algar.


Yeah, whatever you do, buy us some time.


Okay. A 15.


This is not your debt. Your debt lies elsewhere. I know these things.


Oh. Thank you. Good day.


I don’t know what it means.


Yeah, Penny Bear. I like it.


But when the dragon's not in them they don't do anything?


I don't think anyone should touch the seaweed.


The last time I put my hand in the sphere when it was black it nearly tore me apart. We could try again.


No! Because that's dumb. We're going to break our backs. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on everyone right now because why the fuck not?


Don't you get advantage because of your gauntlets?


It looks like no, I'm seeing your angle.


I'm going like "Ow, ow, ow!"


Oh no. Can we use some medicine?


Well, I think we'll take her to the island and then, obviously, give her a chance to continue her adventure.


Oh, shall we drop Seeming? Perhaps we should drop Seeming?


Poo. Poo cloud.


And in Common, I say back, thank you so much. Doty, would you mind drawing portraits for me?


After you're done with them, I'll actually take them.


Oh look, we have two options for our ways up.


W.C.


First attack. Yep, that's good. 21!


Yeah. Yeah. I do. I don't know what... I don't know why, but... this was fate.


I didn't Hunter's Mark him.


Is Grog fighting?


Did I find anything on the other people?


My glasses.


Her first strike was 21. Second one was 14.


While all this happens, I'm going over to baldy. Lord Vouk or Mister Vouk and pop a Cure Wounds potion into him. How far down is he? He was just at zero. I brought him to zero.


The Kiss army, basically.


The Grand Poobah has a lot of responsibilities, too.


Yeah. Sure, that's 25. I would like to use my bonus action to hide behind that rock.


Thank you. Thank you, thank you.


Legendary action incoming.


I ate mine. It was quite good. Now we're just sharing the juice at this point.


Was it that long?


That's fair. All right. I will hold onto the pointy plum.


We don't think anything. We'll support their decision, right?


Let's just assume that I picked him up. I'm just holding him grappled. Or am I squatting?


Because she's got a cloak now.


I'm not looking at you like anything. You need a bath, is what you need.


I guess I could do it one more time, sure.


Careful!


Fourth.


Oh, that's fair, too.


Crushing damage does-- nope. How many was it? 14?


Nice. This isn't the next few days of our sailing adventure, this is that night?


You are happy here-- happier here?


I know I'm not the smartest one in the group, but we don't know what the fuck we're talking about with this little sphere. Why don't we go find that last Vestige and see what it turns up?


You would come back in 24 hours, right?


You get me Norda this very minute and I will tell you what has happened with this circus and in this town and don't keep me waiting another minute. I'm bleeding out here. Arschloch.


It was three things of flame go shooting-- Because I did this. (fire noises)


Because that can be cool.


I'll hold for Pike.


It's always Thursday.


(yelling) Hey Fjord!


You did good here today.


A little bit. You're very big.


God blessed fuck. That's not good. That's a ten.


I gather we all hear this conversation, yeah?


J'mon's still in the cage?


I'm pulling out my Dagger of Venom.


They could be-- yes, that could apply, too.


A land baron.


Why is that?


Yes I had. I did the Hellish Rebuke to it.


I have put my hat back on, yes.


Want me to heat up that metal bar for you?


Someone could yell at me to do it.


Very large mountain, guys, I'm not sure-- as a leader I'd like to invite you guys to evaluate whether we could possibly climb this mountain.


You. Heal yourself.


Cool, cool cool.


We're so happy!


Thank you so much. Who's the name of the guy?


Just open with a brazier at the end.


Natural 20 against me?


Still 4d8 extra. Well. 17, plus five is 22, plus eight is 30, plus two is 32, plus 1d6 lightning damage... 35, plus 1d6 for Hunter's Mark is 40.


Let's go. I think we know all we need to know.


I mean, I somewhat know what it is.


Are you in there?


Oh, shit. Can I change people as a bat?


I forgot about Retaliation. That's a new feat I have.


That would be a 9th-level spell, that's beyond--


Shallow priest?


(keyboard sounds)


Your past self isn't allowed to laugh at current things.


