My athletics.


Yes. This worked last time.


And he did it


Hashtag save Scanlan. Strings of gnome blood are being flung across the room.


Shouldn't you rest first?


Do you have any beers on tap? Oh no, just the two? Okay. Interesting. Feels like this is a front.


It's like a tip jar.


Okay, so, good. 29.


Not right now, save it for a rainy day.


And says, that was incredible. That was incredible.


Yeah, and Trinket keeps dragging her.


Awesome! Oh my god, you were a boot maker, and now you're a weapon maker!


You hate fish!


Have you heard of our lord and savior, The Traveler?


Fate point.


You don't want the bowl?


She does.


Mm. Yeah. You're my buddy, Fassbender.


While we still have a, I'll phone down to Vex and Vax and Percy and say, while we still have a giant eagle, is there any point to us, to me and Kiki scanning back to where those trolls were and just making sure they're not following us or anything?


I know that's not nearly as much fun, but it is available.


We're in an alley, though, off to the side, right?


We'll be fine.


Had a little help with Luck, but I got it.


I think that's actually a fantastic idea.


No, although we will have to stay here for nine months every once in a while, because I think we should rebuild the families that we've lost.


There's things behind us, too?


Let's pretend we're whispering.


141, I'm full.


It didn't work! Oh god!


Do I roll the superiority die for her, or does she roll it?


If we get into an altercation, I'll pop both of you as quickly as possible.


So no, I'm so sorry. I'm going out of turn, then. I'll wait.


Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!


And he's talking like he wants us to be the fist to his voice. What the fuck is that?


What happened in the beginning? What happened right after you left? First couple of weeks?


Let's frickin' tie him down. At least can we tie him up right now?


Probably Marisha. She's, like, 16.


Throwing that out there.


I want to roll a perception, I want to see if it's an illusion, if it actually is Scanlan.


Oh, me too! I know shit about it.


She's doing it from 30 feet away. Hopefully that's enough.


A billion.


Hey, and it's the Slayer's Cake apron that I was just--


I don't care.


About Jarett?! You're insighting Jarett?


Oh! The person that owned this hand-- okay, stay with me. Chopped this off and took Vecna's hand and stuck it on and then this got left over. So this is not his hand anymore and the one that he does have is Vecna's. So if you use your noodle, you can use this to trace him.


That's Kash. A man of few words.


Do I have to roll for each one?


What are you doing? Are you crazy?! What the fuck is the matter with you?!


You could sing!


Oh, it's a natural 20!


How high is the ceiling?


I'm going to do the one-inch punch.


Just straight to it. Just go straight for... I wanna spend the night with you. Just straight there.


Oh, that's acid!


Might not be, right. Potentially.


Would I have been smart enough to Seem us slightly differently?


Fuck if we know.


The people who are guarding the archways. We trap them with explosives and shit.


Can Marisha do her dwarf impersonation?


Now there is an individual over there that sucks, right?


Long rest, eat some chicken.


She's foreign.


I really, really, really saw a tentacle.


It's doing a big like (raspberry).


Can I open it like a fortune-teller's spying sphere type of crystal--


Coming in?


His character is small, but he has a big personality.


Oh no. I just fart every time.


Casks.


Let's do it, yeah. We'll pound our drinks; keep them away from Beau because she'll drink all of them.


Wait, but I had a vision. I had a dream.


That's good enough for now. No, keep going.


This is my first campaign also. I was a Magic the Gathering fan.


Plus, plus, uh... hold on. (all laugh)


What was the most nail-biting moment the group has seen? It was Pike's death.


Wait. Is anyone going to interrupt me before I get to the end of Identify?


How about a wheel and stick?


Shit, that was my bonus action, wasn't it?


I rolled a ten.


And I have a pretty ribbon out of it.


Oh! I'll motion over there.


Was it weird to fight other goblins?


I'll run up to that keg. Bend down. Then shoot one more shot.


Any magic?


It's really rickety!


Do I take my planetar's constitution?


I begin casting Slow.


No, I'm good actually.


Yes, for once.


You are. (chuckles)


Oh, from a random shithead? Yeah, let's do it.


You've had it for a week?


Would my Sunbeam still be up?


112.


Kiri's got to die. Thousands of artists are like (gasping).


You said 87?


I'm okay, I'm okay for now.


No, but can I throw something to see if it goes through the wall?


And I would like to run at the-- this little-- this guy.


Taliesin, you gave us this mission at Comic-Con to go to Artist Alley with a stack of two dollar bills. So I did. I got this wonderful piece of original art of Alexander Hamilton.


30 feet?!


Did you notice any of the kids that were missing up there?


Is that the--?


Wait, before he goes, I want to give him a kiss on his head.


Chopping the plates off.


One that can see in the dark.


You've never given up on anything in your life. Now live! (laughter)


Why do you have such a queer look on your face?


We haven't seen that. Oh no.


So bonus action.


Yeah! Natural 20 plus 10!


Tea.


Arm around his shoulder.


That alone.


We have a special crate?


At disadvantage.


Hold? Oh because I'm not.


Okay, shit.


I could have done it.


There's exploding things around here. Are you sure you want to be in this area?


She doesn't like red doors, she doesn't like the Knights of Requital.


Spellcasting DC.


So I think that concludes this little jaunt, it might be back home now.


Second one. Natural 20!


Quick! Start eating a Tootsie Pop.


All right, yeah.


Just get some light in there. Can you put Daylight in there?


And Pike!


There's brand-new merch, GenCon.


Well, I mean we are vigilantes so it's best if we, you know, have our secrets.


Tiberius?


Okay. 15?


Nom nom nom!


You are a bit handsy sometimes.


That would be-- quite pleasing.


Picked you for a reason, add that shit up, man.


That's how we do it in Whitestone. You have to hunt if you want to eat. That's how we do it here.


I'm going to move across the sewer across from Fjord.


You have, that's right!


It's good wine!


How would that... what?


With my bonus action, can I go into a rage and go, I kill these skeletons because I would never replace a friend like you!


Why does this always happen to us?


Maybe so.


Yeah, that kind of hits.


Dwarvish?


Your long-lost wedding ring from your past marriage.


That's not a clear-- Oh yes.


And I squeeze her hand. I'll make sure he gets out okay. I promise.


Grog, can you give me Craven Edge, please?


Did you go onstage?


You saw the fight, right, lady?


Will we be using the fancy doorway?


Straight, in the door, keep going straight.


It's high, it's 28.


No, but, you know, you always said you pay your debts and all that, so you have some, so I just wanted to make sure that that's actually happening.


And just written in-- what would a dragon understand?


We are getting a reputation!


You are like a drunk guy at a craps table.


Oh no. He's even starting to move? I'm laying into him. Spending a grit point and I'm knocking him in the foot, back prone before he can even stand up.


It doesn't come off.


Yeah. It's like him, too.


A lot can happen in ten minutes.


What do I add? I don't have a stat.


He doesn't appear sincere, so. What do I have left?


Who the fuck cares? We're going to a cursed place.


Okay, so (sizzling) starts to burn in my hand, Chromatic Orb out to hit whichever one--


Yeah, that's going to come in handy when he just kills all of us in one shot.


Makes sense. He's a god. Of course he does.


I think that's right.


I started muttering as soon as I could see that. What they were, what I saw.


Okay. I look at Kash and Keyleth and say-- Are we out of initiative? We're still in initiative.


Does anybody know you took this?


I'm going to try and shoot him through the door to see if I can blow him out of my room.


Xhorhas is over there.


Everybody. Now I feel better about the whole-- It's a good name. It works out.


I'm going with Scanlan.


No going up from that. That's what it is.


We would've heard.


We keep getting knocked unconscious.


Okay. I got to hand it to you, that was awesome, and I want to know how to do that. You beat me.


There’s just a half a second of delay and that’s all it takes to make feel like I’m 80 feet away.


Jesus! God!


I have Clarota, but the mask is currently on its way here because I didn't have nearly enough coffee. So on the break there will be a giant squiddy mask that is terrible, just terrible. It's the worst thing.


Oh, what? Okay. Will one of them be a baby?


We could just do the simplest  the Prince and the Pauper.


Okay, so you rolled a three. Good job.


My father, Korren, and my mother, Vilya. My mother was my predecessor. Wait, no, that's-- right? Yes, predecessor.


Go for it!


I'm just wondering--


What do you think, Caleb?


It's a cube!


If they try and kill you to get answers, then, this way, you don't know anything. Then you're really not worth anything.


She's gone. She ran away. She took her headphones off and did a lap.


I guess it's just easier to laugh at the world when you don't care about it.


Maybe a family heirloom?


Aw man, I wasn't thinking about it until you brought it up again! Like, I was actually in an okay place!


(shrieking noise)


Oh, then yeah, I’ll pull it back.


Do you know anything about the Vestige itself?


The other announcements, I'm trying to navigate Taliesin's phone, because I don't know where my phone is, so this is just going--


We've got it taken care of.


That's telling, yeah.


There's-- I mean, there's the front entrance, there's that door over there, there's like two other stairways, but we should use this back one, by the back entrance.


It's much like those people who give you instructions of how to survive an encounter with a tiger. It's that, you think about it, but you've never actually met anybody who's said, "Yes, I've met a tiger, that's exactly what I did and I'm fine." No, anybody who does that's probably been eaten anyway. It's a terrible idea. You don't try and look bigger, you don't do any of that. You're gonna get eaten.


You can Dimension Door; I keep forgetting that!


20 rooms to go.


I'm going outside. Is it still rainy?


No, I know, I want to go to the very top where I see the shimmer.


I guess that's our Plan B, then.


Should we go attack it?!


I'm going to run out into the room. I want to run out. Can I see both of these creatures?


And they're clearly with her.


You were rough around the edges when we met you!


It'd be no problem for me.


Hold this for us.


Spitballing, spitballing.


I'll do it! Because I like witch huts, I'll do it. What's yours?


Oh, that's not too bad. 13?


It can do anything, human or monster.


Vax starts quietly praying to the Raven Queen in a corner right now.


It feels weird to interrupt whatever this is.


Because there's a little overlap, so can I start it with this guy and then go around to where that couple feet goes to this guy?


Good shot!


(laughs) Outlook cloudy.


I spend my evening reconnecting with Vax.


Yeah. Next time, bite his nose off right away before it's concave.


We're going to be outlaws. We have to clear ourselves by ending the charm on Uriel by finishing off Sylas.


So advantage minus five on both?


We have a house to procure some items from. And a conversation to have with Zanror at some point.


Jester, bones aren't normally a very good sign.


I will buy ten flowers from you.


Yeah, it's good that you have it, but just hold onto it for a rainy day.


Yeah, sure it does. Dick!


I'll tumble down the stairs, doing a barrel roll and some parkour shit.


Beau, what are you at? Oh no, I can't do that.


The emperor dude?


Do I have to roll blink if I don't--


Should I follow them?


How are you? I mean, you're heading off to Emon right after Scanlan left, does this have anything to do with him?


Nine plus 11. 20.


You know what? I'm going to leave it. It's for them.


A black dragon tail sweeps out from under the cloak. I'm like a tenth dragon and some people get freaked out by that.


Something.


You should just storm in.


14 and then 12.


Oh, trying to go for J'mon?


She holds up a handful of shreds. Just fucked up.


Ooh. I reach out to shake his hand. I like your choice.


Before you leave-- prison. What was this other Meat Man's offense? Do you know?


That's an artiste at work right there.


Oh, they're attacking me?


With briskly. There I find you! I've been looking everywhere. You're not supposed to leave the bloody inn you-- oh. (sighs) They're already in trouble, apparently.


Unprepared. Just use a d4.


Tell me this, can you not do that? If you throw it and don't want to travel where it is?


If they figure out how, bring some up to the library.


Weird that they're avoiding the thing.


Ettins?


Yep. Yeah, the deadeye. The negative five to hit.


That's party funds. We got you.


It is such a shame. Did you tell him already that we have a whole kingdom's worth of jewelry and gold to spend, and I'm really tired of carrying it.


That's the trolliest thing you've said, ever!


Pike, is there anything you need from here before we leave?


That is my daughter's miniature.


Yes. A six.


Let me tell you a tale of two people that went inside a dragon.


No no no, can you redirect the magma flow around that bulge with your - can't you, move rocks or--


Well, irritated by that one, I'm going to turn my attention to the one that's bothering Keyleth and Scanlan, and I'm going to take a headshot at it. Burning grit, because fuck it, it regenerates. Let's take a headshot. And that's 32 to hit.


Revivify, revivify.


Toilet.


FOH-MOH-ree-ans.


It's so good! Okay, roll that tape. [drum intro] ♪ You got the perfect warlock, ♪ ♪ her weapons and supplies ♪ ♪ But you need a place to track your stuff ♪ ♪ 'cause you're so disorganized! ♪ ♪ You click open the web page ♪ ♪ you heard about on Critical Role ♪ ♪ And now you're ready to kick some butt ♪ ♪ in that mineshaft full of gnolls! ♪ ♪ It's D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond ♪ ♪ Yeah D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond ♪ ♪ You got your stats, you got your sword ♪ ♪ and you've got your invisible wand! ♪ ♪ It's D&D! (D&D) ♪ ♪ D&D! ♪ ♪ D&D Beyond! ♪ (cheering)


Aw, come on! This is not fair.


Hey, you came to me, though. Why?


You didn't think you could mention this? All the times we've dealt with the Clasp? You didn't think it was worth mentioning that I almost died?


Wisdom saving throws.


You want to hop up on this broom?


Taryon.


Come on, where's the druid? That's what would be for oregano. That's Vex. This one.


(groaning) Okay.


Yeah, hoo!


Vomit on those bitches.


It was ruined and most of it had been picked clean.


(laughs) Kash money.


Pike and I are hiding, too.


I mean, I'm 19 out of 32.


Young again?


32. (laughter)


(whispers) What's my spell modifier?


And I'm sorry if I made mistakes today. But we're all alive, we have what we need, and we're still on an adventure, right?


(singing) Nobody knows what it's like--


That's perfect, that's perfect.


I'm in the air, you can't talk to me.


They were heading southeast.


His name is Sprinkle.


I'm literally just a windmill at this point.


I could use some, seeing that I have tank duties.


Let's say that I'm drinking on the deck of the ship.


Seven points of damage.


(whispering) I'm going to kill you.


Well, that makes me stressed.


Nothing pertaining to what we have just learned. If that is what you are looking for, no. I want to enter that library, although tomorrow, anything goes. I don't know.


Streets will run green with revenge!


This makes me wonder if you've been doing it wrong this whole time.


Have you had dreams about them or something?


Let's do it. The two dwarves grab and begin to rotate the giant wheel, as it does you here the winch and the chain begin to tighten as it does. The platform shudders for a second, begins to lower. As it begins to lower, you can feel the actual platform shake a little bit as the whole weight is placed on the chains.


Like last time, remember, Trinket?


Guys, we're going to die because we can't think of the name Steve.


Like Goldschlager.


Like Woolworth's, but Halworth's?


We're like  Oh no, put out this fire!


Because he can use a 9th-level spell tonight for something.


I'm so tired! (snores)


No, around the back of it.


Onyx eyes for the first creature...


Four D batteries. It's very obnoxious.


Plus a d4.


Working our way through syntax.


Natural 20 to hit, sure.


27 from me.


Are there other prisoners in this area, too, or is it just us?


Not yet. Just hold on one second. Maybe I'd cast Identify on those, just before you eat another one.


But we'll need something more than just thanks. We have two requests to make of you. One, this is not the final fight. There will be more, and unlike this fight, we would expect your aid in the next one. Is that something you can guarantee us?


What have you done to our name? Do people know of this?


Get it, get it, boy. 12, It's not terrible.


I'm going to burp the river.


Actually, that last one is pretty dope.


Is it platinum?


(ugly cries) (all laugh)


Why are we splitting? This is the stupidest!


Take this hat, it's the Hat of Disguise. Put it on, and you can look however you want to look.


All the good silver is hidden. Hidden up high.


That's not a devil demony guy behind Grog.


That was hundreds of hours ago.


I'm going to duck back a little bit.


That's his nickname! It's not like a--


Oh yeah, baby!


I tried to backstab him so I'm right behind.


On a scale from one to five, five being super holy--


So I look over and they're working on the dragon bits. Everything's cool? Yenk is like melting into the snow, right, because he's like a hell fiend or whatever?


We have one mirror in the bag of holding.


You obviously can't read while I'm painting your face.


He's not reached his full power yet. The only way it will happen is if he claims a great use of power.


Well, it was the worst kind of swamp. It was one with no water.


I run over and give Caleb a kiss on the cheek. Thank you, Caleb.


It goes down every two hours and 17 minutes, it's been doing that for-- It comes right back up.


I believe it is one action.


Yeah, let's do the Heroes' Feast, then.


How about I audition him outside, while you go have your convo? Like, we make him beat somebody up or something.


Dream about a cloak, Percival. Maybe we can get you a cloak.


Here's hoping these puppies go-- That's 24?


There's only two more questions left.


Syphilis can come with legs--


While he's skimming could we jump back for just thirty seconds?


I am processing right now. I haven't made a decision in a split-second.


With a mask?


That's what I want. I don't want to paint the whole thing.


When I see that he's halfway back, I come out of it.


Well, we have some really good magic users with us. Look, forgive us for making tails. We don't know anything about your culture. We're idiots! We came here because we know you're under attack, and we're trying to help.


(whispering) God, why was I gone for six weeks? Okay. (normal volume) Yes, unfortunately your dreams may have some merit. I myself was missing for most of our journey, and it seems, unfortunately, that Lucien befell a terrible fate.


Because I've been rolling like a--


It's like a metaphysical screen door that keeps flies out.


Okay. He's currently grasped.


We agreed to take a look inside this house and if there was anything valuable we would liberate it.


Yeah, respect. Like 50 people showed up.


Except now it's filled with water.


Ooh, they can do that?


Yeah, we should probably go there.


Well, my cheeks are sort of sore for some reason, as if they've been slapped repeatedly by a bunch of twats, and then I've got this one little wet mark right here where I got a kiss and it smells like half-elvish spit.


Oh my god, that's right! He speaks!


How is his hand doing?


He got 15.


This scarred pot-marked line?


So we need everyone in here to leave.


Is Trinket here with me?


♫ Wake up, Grog ♫


That's not really protecting him, is it?


How about, the jug for that fancy fishing lure of a helmet you've got.


Yeah, so we made a right here and left here and right at the big rock.


Magic  the Gathering.


Hmm. I'm going to sleight of hand and try and replace one of my cards.


We could just cut off its head.


Wow. Wow wee wee wow wow.


He cast Friends, right? So I wouldn't want to make Percy mad.


No. You would go investigate and I would go back to my job.


He diarrheas on himself.


What's with all the questions, narc? (laughter)


Did I feel anything when I hit it?


Okay. So two athletics, you said?


I can't see very well. I'll stay.


Remember, you can reroll things, right?


That is where we should look.


I'm on this show?


You're supposed to know everything!


No, I think that'll help--


I was trying to test the radius of this sphere, too. Am I still doing that? Is that still relevant?


Any news, Caleb?


He's being interrogated right now?


I've decided.


In theory, he should be able to fit right at the sides of it, because it's got an armature spring system. As long as you're not in the way of the armatures, you should be fine.


Can't remind me of these things.


Hearing yelling, I run up the stairs and say, hey, has anyone seen a-- oh, there you are. Come on, Snibbles, come on. We've got to go back downstairs.


You sauntered up.


Are you hitting on their dad?


I'd like to think one of your antlers caught, and you're like, (yelps).


They can tell me up to three facts about the land.


Why a hundred feet up?


Fruit stand? Apricot tree.


Oh, thanks. Anyway, is there anything else that you need? Any new news? Anything going on?


Yeah. Anywhere. I'm going to move right back in a second. I'll lean around, reload. Oh, god! Fire again.


Oh. You didn't make that clear at all.


Yeah. That's at-will.


An entire colony of mind flayers.


Reckless, great. I'm going to give this a 29 minus five, is a 24.


I know you have.


Otherwise, I don't really know what I'd be doing.


You throw it at something that looks evil. It's pretty simple.


This is the worst thing!


Sure. What are we doing?


I normally find shouting people's names really loudly tends to bring them to your table.


Toss it to Caleb.


Thank you, Backblaze!


I'm going to sing loudly as I'm slowly drunkenly making my way.


If Keyleth is on the other side-- as long as I'm flanking, either way.


The returning was inside you all along.


The monk's like, "Really?!"


Is there anywhere private in this place at this point?


I'm holding an attack.


None taken. I respect the question and I respect you wanting to work with someone of my skill set and aptitude. I saw your work back there at the last fight and, well, the gunslinger was rendered useless and everyone else was fighting on the other boat against lesser allies. Uh, enemies, I mean. You and I held off that beast together and it was quite amazing to watch.


Well, I may have been fibbing about that part.


Take the things, we'll see you in a bit.


Yeah, but it's fun, though? No, no, you're right, we should just go in and talk.


Crudite? Crudite? (laughter)


(laughs) I'm trying not to.


You have your ways. Well, the morning is getting on, shall we?


I was watching, but not that close. That scared me, I'm sorry.


So we should probably get up early.


And then I peek out of the shadows and go, hi. (giggles)


He Percy'd.


All right. 24.


Wait, here's some more d6. Take them.


Caleb says. Yeah.


Was I wrong, by the way? Did you see how hot Keyleth is?


Viagra.


Is there a half-submerged Statue of Liberty, or anything?


I've gotta pee!


I'll join in that perception.


I should do it, too.


Okay. So paladin action-action and my bonus action. So that's the first of three. The last one's the one that was a critical hit so the second one goes onto the next whole skeleton. It's just an eight.


Well, but still, what are you interested in?


To the door, Taryon.


You've got to live, Tova. You've got to live!


Do I have this ability? I feel like I remember it, but I'm looking through--


What is it normally?


Okay, I'm going to use my bonus action to hide then, with the skirmisher's thing. For my skirmisher stealth, I can use a bonus action to hide.


I don't know, what is it?


Oh, that's where the magic school is, right?


I don't think that should count.


Oh, and giveaway!


That is dagger of venom, 1d4. Three, plus two is five, and then is the sneak attack damage go with--?


Fucking bastard.


Respect him by freeing his daughter.


Remember that guy.


You don't have a print-out of your character sheet?


Yeah, like a sea-- like a normal crew mate.


This blade is called Summer's Dance.


Can I go up next?


About what? About--


Okay, angry at the fact that I'm not doing much, I'm going to slowly, for flavor, my air elemental's going to start burning a little fire, I'm going to drop my air elemental and I'm going to do Firestorm.


That's not true. It's +1.


Yes, your Highness.


Yeah, we've come to talk to it, no bullshit.


Okay. What does a point of exhaustion do?


I go, ooh! Nice horns!


Can you try just talking to Sarenrae?


She does good work.


Now I drop it.


He can't dispel it, It's not magic. But I might be able to cure him afterwards.


Are you sure? Think about it, just for a moment longer.


Well, kick Trinket out of the necklace, and I'll get in there.


Yeah. That is amazing. That is powerful.


What of these trammels? These fragments of divinity. Have you that in you?


New shows!


We can, to be fair, get all 20 of those throwing darts for one gold.


Water Closet's gone forever--


That's a separate issue. We're very different, but not completely. I would feel a little safer if I knew a little more about you.


Thanks for tanking the week for us.


No, no better.


I would kind of like to see that.


He's underground, still.


In the entrance and down those stairs.


I think that would be good. Maybe get some potions before we head out here, because everyone's low. I'll just stop by the store and pick some health potions from where we got them before.


Does he get to reroll a one?


Nott, I know you don't like water, but this is an extreme version.


Can I get up close to them and one by one?


Question, where this collection of barrels--


Percy, we've come here to try and kill a kitten, and it's already been a massive pain in our ass. We really don't want to come back to try and save your soul.


(squawk)


Actually, you know what? I'm sorry, Matt. Can I undo?


Some tunes.


Look at all that stuff!


I'm looking around for something to swipe.


Whoa, but can I sing real quick?


Fine. Okay, great, then I'm going to bite this right in the fucking nose.


So do you think it would be a good idea to explain to him that he almost got himself killed tonight? Turning on a bunch of people he was working with, he almost got himself killed tonight for nothing.


But they thought I was dead. They left me for dead.


Maybe we focus on the druid and the sorcerer?


I'm staying downstairs to wait for you to either come down or for her to leave. I'm going to sit and probably try and find something non-alcoholic to drink so I don't have to be an idiot.


Sorry, Matt, you were talking.


Or, as another thought, since you were basically robbed, who were they? What happened? Has this happened before?


Oh I did, yeah. I don't have a bonus action. That's my turn.


The center of the pedestal.


With Grog's dead dad.


Wisdom saving-- oh, because fire.


Go take that studded leather armor, brother!


Yeah, there's days of the week.


Does he? Magical?


Okay, and then the only other question I have is I don't remember what time of day the party ended the day. If there was time I would've used paper and scrolls to transcribe into my book, if there was time.


All right. How about within 30 feet. Am I getting a ping?


We were doing a lot of dusting. You know, you have your little brush? And I came across some blue shit, and I was wondering what it was, so I just kept it there. I didn't clean it.


On second thought, should we ask them to leave on the sly, like, through the sewers? Just in case.


He's really thinking. Oh man. The equations.


I'm giving him disadvantage on strength saving throws.


He shit under the chair.


He can leave, apparently.


I hate to burn it, though.


Okay. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


Mark that shit.


It's now in your chest.


Isn't Chromatic Orb like a really strong spell?


Oh I'm--


That's a dope feature, whatever that is.


Eee, good.


Because he's an owl, and has advantage over hearing. Terrible, both terrible rolls. Eight.


No, you, shitbrain.


That's what I've got, too.


(excited laughter) Did you see that?!


Four, ten, 15, 16!


I think you'll be quite pleased.


(sighs) It's going to be a lot of brothels and bars.


I do a strict muscle.


Can Beau be casing and be full-on stealth mode watching for anything?


Or should we just take our break here?


Are you scratching your ear or are you raising your hand?


Oh, a fast swimmer! A regular Michael Phelps!


Oh god, oh god, oh god.


Zweiundzwanzig. 22.


For arcana.


Okay, ready? On my go.


And then I'm going to use my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel. And I'm going to shoot him three times!


Me, too. I know we have been here this whole time, but thank you for instilling confidence in me yet again.


Why don't we let this woman return to the rest of her day?


And am I within 60 feet over there, about?


Do I still have a hold of him?


I'm pulling on his beard, can I cancel his disadvantage?


Who's behind-- Can I see who's behind me in initiative?


Keyleth, I think you should turn into an eagle. Can she turn into something big enough that can carry me?


He said, begrudgingly.


A little bit, yeah.


Oh yeah. It got separated.


That was seven, by the way. Seven 20s this game.


Let's get him in here.


Quite a few traps.


Sorry, read it wrong.


What should we do?


Hey, can I see that ruby you found before?


If you have something to say, we would appreciate it.


Ooh, that's some stale dynamite.


My God.


Yes, I think.


They really are rat balloons.


Well, I don't feel like we need reinforcements for this, right?


So have we healed completely?


Barf saves.


Uh, yeah. I was just curious. I'm so sorry, first off--


I stay standing outside just staring out into the distance, waiting for Scanlan's cue.


Yeah, ringed wall up to 60 feet.


Trying to use that to our advantage.


Just for fun, but let's try it!


I thought the same thing! It's a scratch, no pick!


No, it's too early. We need to wait.


Oh my lord.


He's got to roll to see if it recharges. It'll recharge on a five or a six.


As he backs up, I'm going to take his head and slam it back into the wall he just ran into.


What can you tell us about him? Or her, or it?


Oh! That's real me!


I don't know, I've never tried it!


This is making me feel very old.


Marrow Keeps?


Okay. I will go ahead-- My deflect-- I guess not, it's poison, it's not going to-- I'll still take that--


Six. (all laugh)


Just inside.


Somebody has to-- by your servants.


(whispering) Popcorn.


Do we get bad weather here? Do you get bad storms here?


There's no save, right?


Caleb is slashed across his chest.


Of course, yeah.


Okay, I'm good!


You can have mine.


What does he look like when I say that?


They're bad. One's a magic person.


Save me.


That's good, we go over the walls first. Here's the good thing about us bamfing to the Feywild, right. They think we left, and if we all actually stick together and don't fuck up with this fucking ring next time, they won't know that we're there again. Because last time they had an idea because you guys, you know, almost died as we were going in.


Hashtag NBC Blindspot.


No, it was bloody, bloody beer.


Stirring the pot.


Do I know what this sound is?


All right. Cool.


Two with one!


Why do they call it the Inky Claw?


I touch a few as I walk by. See if I feel anything.


Watered-down gasoline.


Grog, you can do it.


A lot of buttons.


I grabbed all my stuff and then I’m going to make my way out.


You have to name the action.


I can draw on you with the remaining remnants. That way you have it there, always.


This, if we need water - And I do a small stream.


He and I have a long history. But, after he-- So we were in the storm. He ran belowdecks, and he placed a bundle next to a lot of the crates that we were shipping. That was unusual for him, so I followed him down and I saw him with a lantern in his hand, and when he turned he had lit what looked like a fuse. I called out, he threw a few daggers at me. They hit; I went down, he ran past me. Just as I made my way back above decks, I called his name and I saw him at the bow of the ship, and it looked like he was preparing to jump overboard, which in a storm like that is insane. That's when the explosion hit. It ripped into my back. It threw me over, and I remember going underwater and seeing parts of the ship fall, and flames above the water. I could see things falling, and some of it was cargo, and some of it looked like me. I just feel like he was prepared to get the hell out of Dodge.


Whoa! I'm a monstah! (cheering and chanting "Monster")


I'll just laugh, way too loud. (laughs) And then she said to me, that's not armor!


Okay. Actually, I do nine plus the rage damage, and then I just roll this twice.


Get one for everyone.


I've been thinking about that, long and hard.


We will be here every week, so subscribe.


What do I see? Can I see how rough Vax is?


They were fishing.


No. Yes. Sorry about the skull.


Was the first number gonna be a 40?


The little insects that have we've been seeing flying around that might be little, tiny, very tiny imps, I don't know.


23!


He's still fine, isn't he? That's fine. I'm going to hit him again.


Yeah, everything. Shorter, but female, just a little outline for the mustache.


That changes things. I admit that I had the wrong idea about you two. I know what it's like to feel responsible for someone.


I don't know! You know, if it's binary, one means--


Yeah, which is no big deal. But then I found out he's a lord.


Remind me, what was on our plate? What's on our plate?


Wait, I know a saying for this  They make them like they used to!


A what now?


Well here's a question  can you make it look like the mouth of the cave isn't there anymore? Has caved in or is covered in dirt or rocks or something?


Why did you taste the wind?


I’m going to run out of my - I’m grabbing just the basics. Gloves and the gunbelt and my gun stuff. No armor.


Off inside, I think.


I don't think it's going to be pretty no matter what we do, but I actually think trying to steal them might be a better angle than going toe-to-toe with "six" goliaths. I just did air quotes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, can I sense any other maraudering douchebags?


That's how they all feel when we attack.


Okay. (gasps) Second's a natural one!


I don't know. I just thought I'd feel it out when I got there, all current and past events taken into account.


I made this just for you.


But yeah, those will be up as well for a week for pre-order, so yeah, check those out. Get whatever shirts you can. And I think there's a limited amount available for purchase right away, so if you order fast, you might be able to get them. But that's a very small amount. And also, to everybody that's been messaging us on Twitter, there have been some people that have really been wanting us to expand our sizing and we are definitely working on that. It's hard to find some vendors that can accommodate us, but we're working on it, so hopefully moving forward in the future, we'll have larger sizes available to everyone.


What does their hair look like?


Basically me, only human.


I'm awake?


Or somewhere else.


I wink as a bat like I totally understand her.


You can't really waste it.


I keep walking and I look casual. Do I see any crowded areas?


Oh, you'll do it. You'll totally do it.


Get him down!


Aw, that's really sad.


Yes there is, there's coffee on everything there.


I don't know. We could fight them in five minutes.


Armor class 15!


Dicks.


Yeah, that was a surrealist experience.


That will be the last thing we do before we go to sleep.


The goristro.


Oh, that's right. Fine. This is good. Okay.


It gives me a headache, so I took them off.


Okay. How far away is everybody from us?


Let's go fight some snake people.


Too much math.


Oh, you'd better roll good because I'm going to be so mad at you if you hurt him.


Remember, right? It's just Grog. It's not like "Grog the Phillip." It's just Grog.


Back to Whitestone.


If I'm airborne, do I make the same strength saving throw?


Okay, Fjord.


I still think that these two would be good to lead that charge.


It's up to you, Percy, dear.


Hey, 17.


A.W.A. next weekend. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in Hotlanta. Come see us.


Oh, that feels so much better.


More for that one. 17. More.


The cards say the Cowboys are not--


No, let's just go down the middle. What, did it leave traps? It's a hydra.


Eight hours, but we have to rest!


The werewolves could be called upon.


I'm going to latch onto Vecna's face.


You rolled a six.


No. Okay, let's go. I do not have a cat in this hunt, but whatever you want to do, I will support.


Intelligence saving throw? Okay, I get advantages. Okay.


I think it fell out of the bag.


You want to be a kitten?


Is it reusable?


You get advantage, remember.


Oh, and we get a plus ten, right?


That is still a lot.


So she was doing some sort of--


Where were you?


(counts quietly) No wait, that's 14, 16, 20, 22!


Old magic, new money from ivory towers. I would urge you to stay. I would urge you to leave, collect your people and return. I would urge for one city not to be wiped from the map. And anything we can do to make this at least livable while it is rebuilt, we will do our best to help. (sighs) It is such a victory for them if Westruun falls. And I sit back down.


That was embarrassing. So that's 11 points of damage. That's great. And then I'm going to hold my attack until something approaches.


Keep going?


DC is 19.


I love it so much.


Oh, Jesus. You know, the only reason I do things is that I take great joy in irritating you. If you don't show irritation, it makes it not worth it. (sighs) Can I turn around now? I'm turning around.


You're going to inspire me?


She can change it!


One minute.


But that's blowing a 7th-level spell. How long does it take to hike up there?


Ow, ow, ow, ow.


Oh, lord. Ooh. Let's call that a 28.


May I do a cantrip on her? Minor Illusion, just to turn her skin green. (laughter)


And for charity.


Okay, I'm going to roll the gold dice. 24.


Now, the Lawmaster works under the High-Richter, right?


My name is Caleb, but you could still call me Bush Man.


I roll heal, what do I roll?


7d6?


We don't have the magic carpet. So never mind.


He is, it's great.


I have a little left in my flask.


It's just a carnival game for Percy at this point.


We should do a fly-by.


(shouting) Clear on the left? Man, which way am I looking?


Well, they took all the Luby's Cafeteria with them, so I don't think they're going to be hungry for a bit.


You have throwing stars.


Deaw Sarenwae. (laughter)


Is there a mailbox with a name? (laughter)


Well, why do we have to-- why is it dangerous? Why can't we just go in and ask for him and get him?


We needed someone on the outside. We knew we were innocent. We knew you didn't think so. We just assumed you were going to have us all executed and we didn't do anything. What would you have done?


And they died.


Two monsters of a feather stay in leather.


We're holding a physical action, so she has to be next to something in order to attack it.


That is the thing I saw in the village!


Check them out. I eat some edamame.


Oh no, Matthew.


'Member?


Don't you have a torch?


Well, I pulled mine out.


He's pretty sneaky. All right.


As soon as the blindfold is on, I'm going to pass my sight and hearing over to Frumpkin.


Stole them from where? When? I don't remember that. Did that happen in-game, or did you make that up?


I start moving into the building, as far as I can, actually. Behind Nott.


Maybe it's just us, we just go, fuck these other--


Oh. Oh, a sigil. I said it wrong.


It's a little unstable.


He knows where their hideout is, he's fine.


These are the will-o'-wisps?


It's over 9000!


Can I look around and see if there's any peepholes in the walls or anything?


All right, so now we got a shot!


You built that thing!


I can't even-- I'm rooting for Nott, then I look at you and I feel weird.


You're in charge, let's go.


I'll say it for you.


No, we're good. Back to the tavern. We go back to the Iron Hearth Tavern, right? Is that what it's called?


Is it pronounced GM tips, or gmmm tips?


Why you asking, Percy?


Well, I'm sure it's a ship of innocents. We don't want to stray from our path, correct?


It's a d8, right?


This is so cute.


Okay, so advantage on saving throws? Anybody attacking us gets disadvantage?


I rolled an 18 for something.


Yes! Best answer ever!


I'm not talking about him, I'm talking about doubling back to the house and trying to get through the servants' window.


Hey, give me some money. I don't have any money. I never have money.


Yeah, I'm waiting for the narrator to--


I have 12 gallons of salt water.


The alcove?


Someone asked, for fan art, do we want the characters to look like us? I think how we really look. I think either would be fine. A lot of the stuff that's coming in is based on the artwork of a woman named Kit Buss. She took input from us on what we were looking for, and she did the initial art and people have riffed off that, which is great.


Nice. Six, eight, seven... 12.


(shouts) Your breath smells pretty good, though, Keyleth.


Let's get through the wall, and then we'll heal.


Use the green one. This is you doing greenery.


You’re leaving?


All right, let's swoop in and swoop out.


30 minutes; we want to sit here in the open, in the graveyard for an hour?


It doesn't seem to be moving, though.


Too slow, shit stain!


Then work on the doorknob.


I'm going to curl up to the top and upside-down, take two shots.


She's going to be floating in the water, and then I'm going to go--


He's been doing his yogas, though.


Okay, then I'm going to Lightning Arrow the dragon.


13--


Where's the doors to the-- oh, they're over there. Got it.


Actually, you know what? Here's what I'm going to do instead. Let me double-check and make sure I can do this.


It's an animated object!


31 points of damage.


It's not great. I think he takes half damage, though, even though he fails.


Good call, Scanlan.


Hi, welcome!


As you say that I go  Oof. I motion to a corner in the back, and I was like: I'm surprised you guys didn't notice that earlier. It's pretty bad over there.


So how did you get to Marquet?


Yeah, the one who wanted to go eat.


I'll start setting up camp.


Well, I don't know. I mean, it is a very strong relic that we don't know how it works.


I didn't find fucking books.


Hair of the wolf.


I'm just waiting for the hand to go in and just--


We cased it earlier.


Exeunt.


Oh, I was revealed. Okay. So I have to hide again.


So busy.


Just over the shoulder, just walk out.


The Car Verse?


So much power at one table. Wow!


Good roll.


It's called-- well, this was Tary's idea-- it's called the Slayer's Cake.


Is it easy enough to walk around?


Oh, big money. Oh shit, that's really big money.


I'm not fighting him!


Someone's watching?


I do have a question.


Well, I hope you're hungry. But you have to wait one second, we're a bit far away. Can I travel as far as I can towards?


That's the fancy version.


(gasps awake) Scanlan?


Sometimes I do, lately.


Back! It's okay.


Okay, I'll cast Mage Hand.


Oh, score. It is now 21.


Sam, when did you get here?


Makes sense. Pale and blonde.


Well, I guess we should ask them all if they want to come with us to fight a dragon?


Wild, wild west.


I don't want to get these folk in any more trouble. How far is it from here to the lake?


Oh god! That quickly, huh?


I'm going to send Duplicity me towards Fjord, and she's in her illusion going to hug him and cast Cure Wounds. I will call from a distance going, "Don't worry, Fjord, you'll be okay!" I'll cast it at level two.


There's too many doors.


What shop did you used to own?


How much money was it?


Yeah, I'm seeing the back of his fucking spine or head. I'm gonna stab him in the face twice.


The quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramours of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry of one rakshasa. What's a rakshasa?


Oh, Bensvelk! That means "good" in Draconian. Bensvelk. And I feed him a treat.


You know, you don't need to.


Were there any throwing weapons that you have, even if they're enchanted?


Yep. Since I still have some distance, I'm going to try some Vicious Mockery to see if that does anything. The one--


There's chocolate smeared on my face as well.


Is that Lord Briarwood?


We can keep asking, has anyone had anything purchased--


I was wondering the same thing.


That's why I said two. Better than one. One is the loneliest number.


You're not, I don't think.


The path--


Clarota's dancing, I can see it!


That's fucking crazy.


Anatomy.


We've got to chop it up or set it on fire.


A check? An IOU. "On behalf of HR-- "


He misses her.


He's got the cardboard arrow, spinning it.


I'm just gonna stay where the gnomes are all within 30 feet of me. So close to the action.


I think yellow would look good on you.


Oh, I can mock.


Yeah. I'm going to call out  For Tary! How about that? 11, is that it?


Midday?


And me and me and me.


As I'm punching, I'm going  Die! Die!


I think we were a bigger distraction.


That's the point.


Did you lose a second one?


Should we ding-dong-ditch? (laughter)


That's part of the Greater Restoration, a few things get restored.


Is there anything that Delilah is afraid of?


That is my turn.


No, that's even better. 22.


Wow, you caught a bullet.


I don't think that matters.


Okay. Then I will give you Cat's Grace at third level because my 2nd-level spells are tapped. And so are now my 3rd-level spells. Nothing more.


Is it like, the Grudge Gang is an umbrella corporation of the Taskers, or vice versa?


I don't know if you can feel--


Hey, I rolled a six.


It's the water cycle.


Oh, right, no. 15, sorry, 15. For stealth, right?


Yeah. I could do that quickly. I could put an Alarm here quickly. I could do it the fast way, and know if anything is coming behind us. Is that what we want to do? Do we want to go around? I don't know, I'm a little terrified of what is down there.


No, no! He was fully healed.


We got it. (all cheer)


Thank you. Jesus.


Guys, Shadow of War! It's a great game by-- I don't know, who makes it? Warner Brothers!


Okay, so I make an attack for all three arrows.


30 gold?!


Let's do it?


I already rolled once.


I think that's as far as he can go, movement speed-wise.


So you do know what toilet paper is.


I'm in my fancy clothes, by the way.


But can I see them?


Didn't occur to me that there is a bridge--


I'm glad we stopped trying to text each other whispers.


Pike, you want a boost? Do you want a boost?


On her? On the room?


Whoa. That's a big fat no.


Oil can!


Hey, pushy!


It is Bad News time! I'm going to bust out Bad News and take a shot.


I don't know what's going on over there.


Craven, I think-- oh wait, that's arm wrestling. Go to sleep.


Okay, we'll do this very quietly.


Wait, so the whole party ran in?


How long have we been gone for?


Extremely charming.


That's not true, is it?


Simultaneous.


I tend to veer towards the worst-case scenario. Somebody has to.


Cave bears have darkvision.


Well, we have water in his fucking jug.


Is it moving or is it a blip or a what?


You can't be blinded as a planetar, can you?


Yeah, it's wet.


Yeah. I guess do you want me to roll to grapple?


I have to hold it?


These violet candies are delicious.


It's because we're peers. I'm a bit drunk.


I do, too. But, you know, people say things.


Oh my gosh, I'm so strong.


(groaning, fumbling) And I go to Lockheed, and I use my telepathic bond that I have with my pet. And I convey to him, to tell her, I emote to him, with my telepathic link with him, and I (foreign words).


It's an amphitheater isn't it?


I'm running over to the other gems.


Go back?


That's exactly what they're planning on doing!


(sneezing) Fucking cat.


Oh, he can see me? I'm in his field of vision?


I'm going to find a corner table in the ruckus. I will take the ring with the pearl, and I hold it right here. I pull out the other ring and I look at it and I begin to focus and study the different angles of it and hope that I have a pearl of enough value to make things happen.


Am I flanked by two suits of armor or just one?


People who see invisible things can see it.


One-sixth of the pie.


Ooh. No!


Is there any purchase? Like, can a hand grip the metal pole?


Why are they all around Scanlan? Percy's there!


That was bullshit, Percy.


It did say as long as that house stands, it will be very powerful.


They have jaws-- the blood! Their jaws are terrible!


We've got a ticking time bomb!


25 acrobatics.


Yeah, I feel really pink.


If we find your friends, I can talk to them if they're dead.


Well, all right.


That's it!


I have a feeling there's little chance we could talk him out of it. Well! All right. He's living a nice, happy, content, low-key life now. Let's continue on.


Passing the torch!


Okay, then I'll change my plans and I'll do that. Scanlan Two will cast Bigby's Hand at level-6 and pound her really hard. Shit.


Yes, we get there at sunrise, take those fucking beasts out, and you start at eight AM.


I think I'll go with you, Tary.


It feels like she has bigger plans.


You're gonna pay for that, oh my God, I can feel the radiation.


Well, thank you, Caleb.


Still waiting on your final word, I guess.


You better skip back!


I've been in the throne room before?


Okay, so first I say, Fassbender, run! And I want to see how fast he can go.


So we need to find one that's not a name of a person.


29 total points of fire damage.


I'm unconscious. I haven't been knocked out in ages.


Dispel Magic.


He just takes 7 points of damage


He didn't burn them, we could just--


Come inside.


You have to eat the fruit.


Awful people.


That's my emotion.


Yeah. That would be great.


Same. So we'll know.


Okay. (turning noise)


Did you guys see how powerful that was? Super powerful. I'm going to run away. I'm going to turn around and run the other direction. Yep, right there.


That's a big glory hole.


All done.


Excuse me, I am the one who deciphered this. That is near the end.


No, we should haggle, don't you think?


We're going to war! [music]


Oh, don't burn your foot. Ooh!


You'll tell me? Okay.


I have a way of making it so that water becomes like air for you down there.


Oh, okay. Okay, still 14.


That was a metaphor.


Fjord, you have a little something right here.


Yeah, let's do it because I've-- We'll talk about it, I promise, I just, let's just-- we'll talk about it, I promise. Okay? Hello.


They only live for three weeks, right? That's probably a bad question.


So we won't die.


Thank you everybody for helping us get to 6k. They've already started a stupid e-mail chain talking about what musical songs they're going to sing.


According to Assassinate, any hit I score against a creature that is surprised is a critical hit. Any hit. So are the two subsequent attacks--


Cornelius.


I don't want to abandon Grog to a fight with Kevdak while we're freeing villagers. No offense to them. I want to have Grog's back.


No, I don't remember.


That's nine more points for you.


You have nothing!


I like this, I want to keep it, there we go.


Yes, I was about to say. I'm going to go start inspecting the other door.


And we head down.


(laughing) Red, okay.


Half-elves see in dim light up to 60 feet. Does that pool of lava give anything?


(laughs) That happens a lot for you.


Say what?


Is it deception?


I'll take a glance at these things to memorize their general shape.


And I'm going to start blowing around the mirror.


And nock the poison bolt and shoot it.


So it's wide enough for your fingers.


Unless it is trapped in my sphere.


Oh, Matt hates us.


We should try it!


Oh, fuck a duck, I thought I was doing it in-- a Dex save. Then it got me.


I will do my best. Sometimes people call, and sometimes I just have to go to do work. (laughter)


Can she see me?


Duragar.


Maybe we can find an old building and you can just destroy it.


It's all right. Take a breath. Is there a back door to this place?


You hit me with the knuckle you fucking licked. So I'd like to jump forward and throw my knee forward and at the last minute pull it back and throw my fist in a Superman punch.


Yeah, I'm following you on it.


If it's magic.


As Ivon starts going out, I want to trip him. Stick my foot out.


I gave away my salt-lick rock!


I like that you grab it by the blade.


Can I fly around and see what we can see?


Who's Salty Pete?


Well, I can also, you know, see what kind of creatures are around.


I mean, no one's near it.


Yeah, smart move.


I pull out all of the cherry bombs that I have and I go-- fucking fireworks!


This is a James Bond water chase! (all laugh)


Maybe the heat made you misfire.


Clever. There you go.


(dry heaves)


We moved this over and it's got a little nook in it, so Nott can stay in there.


A metallic dragon.


Can I pull it down? Is there a thing?


Oh, he's going to the book for this. For a somersault!


Is 17.


Three stories.


I'm going to go listen to your tapes, your level seven tapes.


Aw, shit!


One more shot for fun and let's make this a sharpshooter.


Of course. Flourish.


It's hard when you're the only one experiencing it. It's hard to relay.


Let's do some Grog healing. You don't have your healing dice, right?


Dear Orly--


Y'all motherfuckers is coming with me.


Secrety.


This is as far as I go one this one. That's way too heavy for me.


Yeah. That first one was good.


Are you getting a FaceTime?


Mystery solved!


Six?


Wait, they cost 500 to 600 and they cost 400 for me to make them?


It's all posts and artwork of my character-- my former character, Scanlan Shorthalt! (laughter)


Or you can fight with us.


Maybe, but that's why I asked you to stay in the room. I'm not entirely sure I trust this thing.


Why didn't we do this before? It's so much faster! Why did we take a 500-day journey?


I know, look, it's always lucky number three, right? That's what they say. Who says that?


Yes, grab my hero's hand. (all laugh)


There's one more announcement.


Oh, well, okay.


Right before things happen, I'll cast Blur.


A little cave.


Would you care for this robe?


She's doing a Mass Healing--


Do we want to go at a steady pace for this last hour, or do we want to push for a fast pace?


Do we have to pay to get in?


I'm too big for this world.


We're those assholes right now. I just wanna point that out.


Look, it's just like the one above the coals!


I don't have any dexterity modifier.


I don't feel included in this.


(whispering) I think Vax is talking to himself.


Percy and I chain him up. We use the chains that we have.


Just say yes! Just say yes!


Sorry, dear. I was hoping that we didn't have to have this conversation in front of strangers.


Oh no, we got to get it together.


20, baby!


I'm going back to my room.


Oh my god, this has been in him for three years, four years.


As stealthily as possible so we don't alert the entire freaking camp.


The next attack will be on the Briarwoods.


We could set it on fire.


He does, but he'll go last. Because you always go last.


Ball bearings you stole from me.


Yeah, because I can't move; he'll attack me. But he's going to attack me anyway!


I'm looking for rabbits.


Tell them you want to run a D&D game for them.


Yeah. That was the plus three to damage. I forgot to do something else. I'll do it next time.


I think this conversation would be greatly improved by some sort of cover.


This is, like, work in the office look.


Oh, good grief.


Percy and Scanlan are tied.


Take it away.


(groaning) Oh god!


Mr. Caleb, want to take a walk, maybe? Really quickly around this thing, get a gander at it?


"Oh, I'm sorry. 26."


At least it's a Mexico--


See how cool it was!


We'll just keep going.


You can't have my d8s.


Is that okay?


Well, not that that wasn't terribly exciting. Still crazy dark out?


(Texas drawl) Booming Blade.


Why not do your full movement? It doesn't take away from your actions.


18. That is a total of 20 of fire damage.


I was thinking, do they have post here in this city? Someone that comes and picks up mail? Could we jack some of her fucking outgoing mail?


Chaotic, whatever you want to call it.


This place, it's so different. Was it perhaps a gift from the Lawbearer, long ago?


The same reason why pigeons are in Costco, okay?


You're up. And I shoot two arrows for my two attacks. One into his thigh and one into his breast, right here.


It's about a mile off the road.


You keep thinking, there.


16. Ooh.


Well, I didn't really see much, but definitely there is a pretty steep incline. We could try it again and go down the other one.


Does it look like it's magic-y?


You have to stare at it for a minute.


This table can't bear my weight.


If by good, you mean the best.


But I've already used my 6th-level spell to Transport Via Plants. That's what I'm saying. So I'm gonna have to use a 7th-level spell to do it.


Why? It's just fruit!


Unless you're dead. No one's going to be around to save you if you get into trouble.


Yeah, when you sneezed and you turned and lean away from it, boy.


You're an artist.


Oh, shit! This is so awkward.


Yeah, I don't mind commiting to one of these tunnels, I just want to make sure nothing comes behind us or comes up from the other way.


Shall we rest and then we go find another house?


And sea monsters.


Can I insight and see if he's just taking fucking advantage of us because we're tourists? I don't want to roll that one. I want to roll this one.


If we're not careful, this gets worse.


Yeah, y'all's fucked up.


All right, but I'm not Phillip right now, he lost. I'm a winner.


Since I came in at the halfway mark, I really wanted to go to an ink specialist here in Vasselheim before we left, so can we retcon and go backwards and say that I got the elven sounds for "vuh" and "mm" put right there?


I'm going to shoot from my Blazing Bowstring at the icy worm.


What is that? Nine. That's 24. And then (counting).


All right. That is a ten.


Come on, Grog! Come on.


Bonzai, wave hogs and hog-ettes, it's Brody Slater, king of the kick-flip, jamming about the froobs at D&D Beyond. You all know I love letting my leash out on maxed shore breaks at Steamer Lane. Real bang! When I'm not flashing the shaka at some quimby on a softboard, I'm chillaxing with my buds with some gnarly roleplaying games. Now, I'm partial to Dead Earth, Empire of Satanis, and F.A.T.A.L.-- slotted!-- but my broheims are hooked on fifth edition, which means I get stoked for D&D Beyond. If there's one thing Brody Slater loves more than shacked eskimo rolls, it's diligent organization. Right now, you can go to D&D Beyond's Facebook page and leave a comment on their top (stammers) pinned post, telling them your favorite moment for episode 11 of Critical Role to be entered to win a legendary bundle. Far out! So don't be a Benny Poser, head on over to D&D Beyond and enter now. Hang 11! (cheering and clapping)


Americano.


Is it early afternoon or late afternoon?


Magical prime time.


I don't remember.


If he dies, you don't get the gold coin back.


I fire off a Fire Bolt straight up into the sky in an arc over and let it land in the ocean.


Doty, take this down. I am the vanquisher of souls.


Can I ask, in your previous engagements with her, how far are we trusting her?


So I mooshed everyone away from this hall.


Clarota, why have you come here. What is it you seek?


You have advantage!


Oh, like a Fancy--


Just go up there and cause havoc.


Okay. I fly straight up from the spot so I don't lose it.


Oh, really? Is it not, like, Sarenrae? Sarenrae? Is that your god?


Okay. So I can fly 60?


The left path.


Aw, fuck, it's long.


No, that's good to know.


Close your eyes and roll.


Can I swing it at the bottom and try and find some purchase under the door?


Of course I can do that. I ask for the largest size they have and I get a woolen cap as well.


We're the brigade.


I know that.


Hang on. Wait. I might need the book. Okay, one of the things I want to do is I want to use my staff to create an air elemental? So I want to take a minute to use my Spire to conjure an air elemental.


No, but I got pretty fucking sharp eyes, all right? They call me Eagle-Eye Fjord where I come from.


All right. Thank you.


Cluster.


You've gotta be kidding me, man.


I think they're terrified. And I don't want to let them know we're here, for fear they'll turn us in, in hopes of saving their own necks.


Yeah, I wanna get a little further back. I wanna roll to the other side of the cave again, if possible.


Sh! There's something moving in the distance.


Do you get advantage? Because he's a friend?


(sarcastically) I'm so glad he got those boots back, I'm just so glad.


I'm not at liberty to say. (laughter)


Oh, get it. Finish him.


Should we take the rag out?


Ouroboros, giant eyes, lots of tentacles.


Guys, I just want to say that I killed a door and a banshee, so--


The last time we saw Uriel, he was rather awful to us, and I think he's probably fine after we took out the Briarwoods, I think, but I'm not a hundred percent sure and I like my head on its shoulders.


-- you could crush me in a second.


I've got one shot at this, right?


Turned on?


Maybe Scanlan can just stay perfectly still, and you and I can just hide so that Scanlan can--


Nothing. Just asked if he knew the Sun Tree, and he got super offended. You know what? Let's just go.


I walk back into camp with the horses and tie them up. I found some horses.


It is called the Blushing Tankard.


I'm very much afraid not. This is but one of the attempts my sisters have made to find me. However, I have no intention of returning to my home.


No, he's going to leave. I mean, he can. I guess you got us all the way here, didn't you?


That is our siren's call.


Does come. One more question, can we ask if he's seen the dragon or how long it's been?


I can Message any of you.


You should sell these. These are not little and adorable like buttons.


30's perfect. Eldritch Blast.


It worked! How did it go, guys?


I'm not afraid of dicks.


Yeah. (laughs) You first.


Everybody holding on to the rope?


Yeah, I just wanted to do some cleaning with this broom that I--


We search for a man.


Very deep. Is your chain long enough for your anchor to hit bottom? Cool.


This has been great.


Okay, this is not an undead creature.


Jesus Christ all right.


Six or eight years old?


Scanlan, smell it! Smell it!


Let's not crowd the boy.


Knock them prone?


Not that kind.


Someone should go in and test out the light.


Talk, you can start the talk without me, it'll be fast.


I don't know, did I find anything?


Why a saving throw?


Dick-finger eyes?


Just a lonely guy.


Just don't spread out too far to where we're not in shouting distance.


I think maybe.


He was under the Anders house, which is why the Anders house is now forfeit.


It's a floating dick-making paint.


To arm wrestle?


(squeaking noise)


Yes, I know. That's all you seem to care about.


Should I roll that one that failed me earlier or my little dice?


Oh! I'm no longer paralyzed.


You ruined it for me, man!


Yeah, some intense stripper heels, yeah.


Yeah, exactly!


And all of my Control Water direction is towards the portal.


Oh my god, fake bagpipe sound is best bagpipe sound. (laughter)


Yeah, do you feel any heartburn or any constipation? Because that thing was big, and it's--


Take them! I take them.


Hold on. Hold on. And I stick my fingers into his mouth and I grab his tongue and pull it down to--


(shouting) Do you know her? Do you know him?


I put it away.


No, good! Good. It's a beginner problem, but you're quite advanced. Not worried about it. Enjoy!


I feel bad, I've got to admit. No, I have to deal with this. I'm going to walk to my cart. I'm going to pull out that armor that I got at the orc's place. I'm handing it to the kid.


It's like one of those traveling food carts? You've got to track them on social media to see where he's going to be?


But with Percival's engineering skills, he could maybe find a good little spot of granite for you to dig into or something.


Very frightening.


I mean, I know they're lying out their asses. Fuck. 18.


Well, I will trust you, because you are-- I'm going to quit while I'm ahead.


Is Allura there, still?


What's a devil to a man who fears no god?


I signal to Caleb that they've made it on the ship.


Three? It's gone instantly!


Next time, yeah. Let's get a little further.


I follow him right out of the room.


Yeah, you wait and see what happens.


You have a reaction.


Who said I do?


Fuck you, physics.


And just out of curiosity, the Silver Falls, the residential area, how far is that?


Only because I think she's more dextrous than him.


Charge at it.


Do we condense a little bit? Turn into a low-lying fog? Never mind.


Triplets down to twins.


She will use her movement to head towards the side of the ship and try to exit the craft, and let's see how far we get.


I think, because I used Aid, I think I've got--


Is that an elven name? Is that an elven word?


I might use that tonight.


No, on my left. That one, yeah.


And the other would be?


Okay, so I threw him, I threw a dagger and missed, and I just juke to the right and get behind Grog.


I would've made a run if I had been thinking about it.


Yeah, same here.


And advantage on wisdom saves.


This is why magic freaks me out.


(scared noise)


How we're a happy family, you know?


Yeah, just push 'em over, smash them.


Can we see now because of all the glow coming from-- does magma glow?


While I'm invisible, I look around for traps. I'm just gonna see if there's any trap doors.


Okay, let's look.


Grog, what did you do?


Especially if they're as desperate as you say they are.


Sure. One eye open.


What is it, Jarrett?


Oh, not elvish, but more people of high society. High society here.


Yeah. Maybe we shouldn't.


That would be quite helpful.


Saving throw?!


Do they accept-- oh, no, they don't accept visitors there.


Thank you guys. A thousand years of Dungeons & Dragons.


Eight. With advantage.


Okay, okay--


This is weird. This is like a weird snuff film.


Oh! Did you want to look for that lake, or are you good, Grog?


I love him. Aw.


I can't finger it to death and I want-- wait, what? (laughter)


Well, as you guys know, I've been working at the temple and it's been very hard work. (laughs) And I, I just, I think about you all constantly, and every day, I felt a heaviness, and I've had these visions of terrible things, and I felt a disturbance in the Force. (laughter)


My gun is fine. But that's it. I'm going to start running straight down, as far as my legs will take me. Not that way, towards the pool.


Kidnapping?


We really don't know what's in there.


Oh, you look lovely.


Yes, please. Natural 20. With that barbarian critical! Double the dice. (counting) That's 17 points of damage on the second one.


All right. Are you all offering?


4.2.


At least you messed up her dress.


We're also here for some other Fjord things, but-- He has the letter. We're trying to figure out the provenance of this-- that's a detective word-- of this letter, and who wrote it, and who is it for and stuff. What's that?


In the dining hall?


Let's double-check that armor for any weird influences it may have, to make sure it is what it seems to be, which is ornamental, with a bit of magic. Let's make sure that the captain of whatever guard is on shift down by the ziggurat is wearing it, and is aware that he's there to befuddle the enemy.


Maybe you should cheers him from afar so he can see you're drinking it.


You're going to be so happy when we have instant access to the treasury.


Can you have him climb up the side of the tower and meet you up top?


It's too high.


It lights up this place for you big time.


Who, me? Nature check?


Low, okay.


Seriously though (quietly) I'm really confused.


Deuces!


It's not moving fast, it's just going back and forth.


You can turn an animal into a wyvern?


That sounded like you were casting a spell.


Hey! Oh, sorry.


I understand. A bit of terrible business, actually. Our family has been unfortunately at the poor end of some corporate espionage, and I'm afraid the Baumbauchs, isn't that who they are in Trostenwald?


Are we going to rest on the other side? It lasts a day. Are we going to sleep on the other side?


Yeah. Who all is injured right now?


There's no middle ground, is there? There's no middle ground at all.


Yeah, yeah, we see them.


With you so far.


Like, about that far.


You are fucking lying to me! (groans)


The Raven Queen is not done with me or with us.


It's out of my staff. I can't do any more, right? Reroll, yep. (singing) Like a d6, like a like a d6! (counting) 35 damage.


Trial run.


That sounds like the stupidest fucking plan I've ever heard.


I'm going to start-- who's the closest of all the people grappled to me?


I tousle his hair.


You are going to write it down.


Beast Shape! (laughter)


I'm famous!


Maybe I can burn you away.


Hey, babe.


I’m going to take out my hand!


They can get up a tree.


What about wind or anything?


I feel, it's right to my heart. Right there.


Can I use the rest of my speed to move behind the column, so that I'm hiding behind the column?


There's another one that keeps getting asked over and over again. If you guys could be a different race, what would you be?


Me and Yasha are going to go talk to the wizards.


What? All I heard is on the count of three. What's going on?


Dice are out of stock.


Someone should stay there.


And there's been a Twitter battle happening between the two teams.


32 on the first one.


We could.


Think of the beard.


Oh, no, it's not working.


You're doing it! It's so real.


A free massage.


(yells) They come back, everybody falls in--


Are they in the bag?


Yeah, tomorrow morning.


You know what? We've made a lot of money, and--


What is the situation?


He's got the dagger, though.


No no, she's done that.


Caleb, we may need a third person to join our dance now.


It's occupied with me.


Stealthy people need it, probably.


Oh, I understand. I'm sorry to hear it's moving so aggressively. Are you concerned, or do you feel strength in your numbers?


Hey, Twiggy. Now that you've looked at the fragment, you're bonded to us, which means if you betray us, we'll know how to find you.


In the meantime, there are options.


The Royal Troupe of the--


A bottle.


Freddie. Right.


Borderlands 2, and I'm happy--


Garden gnome.


Just those two.


-- mysterious person?


How about making a quiet cavern, not too far away from the summoning circle, where we can hide?


It's down where my son could be. Sorry, so I don't want to go up the spiral staircase. What are the other two options?


Thank you so much. I really like this whole room. I think you've done a really good job with it. This is great.


Still hasted. For my second thing, I can only do a melee attack. I can't cast anything, I can't reach into my satchel or anything.


It's a one.


Throw me the mouse.


I also cast Protection from Energy, resistance to acid, on Grog.


Yeah, I'm going to grab the black horn.


Don't worry about it. I'm bad.


I mean, there are so many holes, and you don't know which one is the right one.


I like how every time you roll it comes out.


Uh-huh. What's his dex?


She's off the side, yeah?


I cast-- That was arc-- That was a spell.


Guys, of all of us, I'm the one who's flying right now. Should not be this way.


To be fair, the goal was to just ask, and then it got out of hand.


Fluffernutter!


You've got fuzz on your face. Can I get it? No, you got it. It was right on his lip, so every time he talked--


But seriously.


(sigh) Caleb, we talked about this.


(screaming) That was higher than I thought!


Breakfast being cooked, seriously.


(as Mickey Mouse) Comes with Prime!


18? Okay.


Yeah, just to work on the broom.


Molly and I are running after Caleb, since we saw the other guard.


All right, let's just go.


And they've all got nerf guns!


I'll turn into a half-elf, akin to a high-born half elf.


I shoot my exploding arrow at the glass.


I did!


At the early age of 28?


I take my mantle and start doing a--


Loot the cave first, and then the island.


I open the flap--


The bear sleeps in jewelry.


If we were going the other way, I might.


He's down on the ground?


Killed him.


Yeah. This is not your basic, go the CVS store and get a photo book made. A lot of love and care went into this. We've been talking with artists for months and months. A lot of blood, sweat and tears have gone into this. We're very grateful to the artists who are involved, some of them are in this audience tonight; thank you. (cheering)


We are that. That's true. [laughter]


Yeah, okay. That flask.


But I, like, I don't know. I throw things. Can you show me how it works?


Absolutely. It's a terrible purchase.


Well, Jester and I know the code to talk to the Gentleman if we ever want to do that.


You guys found me in a basement.


We can wait another day. How many more questions?


(whispers) Aw, you beat me to it.


I didn't find anything.


I'm just going to lay my ear on the door and see what I can hear. That is 21.


It would be a few hundred gallons of water.


All right, so what, the Crypts or the Silted Veil?


Sure. Captain Fjord works.


Last time we ran into them, wasn't it on the way to Kraghammer?


(sighs heavily) Things are more complicated now.


I go in.


Because we could maybe use that.


If I take a moment to skim, ten minutes through each one, and get the barest idea of what I would find inside each.


"Money?"


Who's the eighth?


Ale solves everything.


I do need a good back tickle.


Me neither. (laughs nervously)


I'm coming, Grog!


They're definitely working together.


Okay. Can we tag-team this?


Thorbir is pushing himself back as far away from the acid as he can possibly get. He doesn't care how ridiculous he looks.


Some hand-to-hand?


So many things!


I knew you were going to say that. A different option. Oh, and thank you, Pike.


Still with my staff.


Yeah. Second one is a 17.


(pirate voice) Dead men tell no tales.


They're facing away from us?


Yeah, all of it doubles.


I was going to throw it, but...


Very much.


Huh. That's really cool, though. I imagine doing that all day. That'd be great. Yeah, I can imagine doing that all day.


She's good. She's just got some personal issues that's she's going through.


14.


This is the exact icy, steely demeanor that I depend on.


Kiri, (shushing).


Both for me, too.


No, me neither.


Well, I want you to look at them. I want to know what it is.


What did he say?


I don't know nothing, I don't know how to play D&D.


Kind of like the journal?


I'm gonna rest my chin on my sister's shoulder and just stare for a minute and say, you know, that bow is going to be reeeally cool.


I've got to try and fix my guns.


One more question.


No, I almost did, and I felt really weird about it.


It's the Wizard of Oz!


We know where he lives!


Maybe he was just pretending he didn't like you because he felt uncomfortable because he likes you so much. Like Kash!


I have enchantment.


It is all stone? There's no wood? There's no nothing?


I don't know if breaking it is-- 12 plus straight add the intelligence? 17.


You flicked me in the left nut. Are you complicit?


Do that thing you do, Beau.


Where am I? Oh, I see where I am. Can I move towards that tree, away from the river that also wants to eat us?


Did you do that on purpose?


I go check for traps on that chest right there.


-- gonna be pouty about this.


Do you frequent spots outside of this particular establishment or is this your shithole of choice?


I could put some in there. I don't have very much in here. It's all light.


11. Did it move?


That's better than a one.


The third attack is 16.


There's so many rivers!


The evil monster that was killing everything.


This is not a good dice for this lighting. 11.


Oh, smart. Smart.


I was going to say, as we're walking, can we snag a passerby and ask what that structure is?


(exaggerated sighing) I'm putting tinfoil on my windows now, I'm fucking done.


My personal alignment is already so far down.


65, thank you.


I'll take it. I don't even care if it fits.


No, guys, that doesn't need to be anywhere.


He was able to hold us, magically.


Yeah. Under the moon.


No, that's not very good. Eight!


Kiki, would you be able to Great Escape us underneath this wall?


I mean, is it okay, there's no gangrene?


Okay. Okay. Okay. 17?


Oh, my name is Tiberius Kraghammer. (laughter)


We're outside the perimeter of the gemstones or the the main portion of the lair, right?


That's all right. You know, it actually-- It sterilized me, actually, I'm quite glad. It has very dirty properties. Anyone that would put it between their legs to fly around would be in horrible danger. Horrible danger. So it's actually probably for the better.


Are they human? Or are they dancer?


Indoor kid.


Keep your voice down.


Yeah, she's got to walk.


I'm done with my shopping. All of my money is gone.


I go  See? To the guards next to me.


I know my onions on this and I ain't all mouth and no trousers! It's a real corker of an app, and you can nick yours on the Apple App Store and blimey, the bloody Google Play Store, too! Are you skint? Tosh! It's free, and that's the dog's bollocks! You don't got to be minted to get sorted. There's nothing bent as a nine bob note about it. You get an ereader with the beta, and character sheets will be added in the future tickety-boo!


Right. What else do you do here in Nicodranas? What do you do to pass the time, Algar? I'm trying to decide whether or not to hand you over to this fearsome beast over here, and I point to (laughing) Caleb.


That was added after I sent out the announcements.


We enjoy doing this.


The summoning circle or something like that. All right?


It's not much longer, I know.


Hmm, we should ask Fjord before we do that.


Mountain dwarf?


It would keep them from coming up through it as long as it was blocking, yes?


I forgot you guys haven't seen my hometown yet. Okay, all right. Let's go that way. Okay. See, over there is where I caught my first baby griffin--


You're abandoning your sister?


Why did you think that after the magic hand failed that the big thunder ice wave would work?


Jester, give me a hand?


No, you're my best friend. I won't kill you.


Holy shit. I'm unstoppable!


If I may-- (cheering)


We don't know if there are people in the pocket of the Briarwoods here.


I defer to the group.


A lot of things. It means that they could actually do damage to us, possibly. They could be glass cannons.


Just curious, what do you say we play one hand?


You know what, we're going to find out, right? Let's just roll the dice and see where they fall.


I know, and it's so kind of him.


Thank you for not shooting it in the pool because that might have killed you.


I can, actually.


But I feel so good.


His clavicles sticking out of his shoulders.


How can I?


I'm going to do a little healing spell down here so everyone's feeling a little better. I'm going to start doing a little healing on both of you. Take a few minutes while you guys figure this out.


Use the ground.


Roll the 20.


Oh my god! I throw my hands up. I just can't. I just can't! How did we not? Oh my god.


And then it says Jarl.


Because that's your modifier.


What an interesting idea.


And then move again.


How do we feel about her?


Or fire spells. Fire spells would be very--


That's a continent, but-- oh wait, no, the continent-- no, Marquet is the continent. Ank'harel is the city, okay.


Or giant that metal.


I would like a quarterstaff, though, with bladed ends. It is why I came to you, sir.


Now, I'm going to take cover in my little cove.


I'm also rolling for my elemental.


M.T. or empty?


Oh, you got malaria!


Congratulations.


With evasion, if I fail, I take half damage.


Yeah. I think it takes one to know one. I think being a liar means when I know you're not, does that make sense?


Stonejaw Strongjaw!


We had 1,600 platinum, originally.


Different one?


So errands will happen after that break? Because I have some errands that I want to do.


Do a higher level?


She's Hunter's Marked!


This is all the notes from what we learned about Siff Duthar.


The castle?


Seven gold.


Don't write that down.


We got some good information, we got Sutan's address and Ren's address.


That's what I said. Was that who it was that was like--


That is very fair.


Is there, like, any other way down here?


It's over. It's over.


Yes. Yes. We do Mother's Love.


Dick. (laughter)


Yes, and then I'm running and jumping and grabbing for the rest of my movement.


No, because I feel really bad for you, I feel bad about everything, and I'm pretty happy for you for being your own man and all of that, I just want to make sure that--


Ulog. How much longer do you think is left of this gala?


Awesome. I think donations tonight will definitely go to GameChanger, yeah.


60 Minutes.


I deserved it, I deserved it.


Can I use my staff to cast Light and shove it down in to see if we can get any light out of it, beneath the ice?


I'm taking a door.


Galaga.


What is the nastiest thing you have?


Wait, did I hear right that these rivers are alive? What did I hear?


You see the sun is coming up, but you can still see one or two up there. You see that one?


You are, you're incredibly good at distractions.


Which one are we near? Which one had the stairs going down? The stairwells?


I'm going to go straight through it.


The silent type. I like it. (laughter)


(sighs) 11.


(groans) Is it bad news? We're not in the mood for bad news.


Historical point of interest.


What are you going to do with that? You don't want that.


Well, he listened probably better than anyone else.


Darling, something magical is happening. Our boy, the magical light that will illuminate the universe, will join us soon.


Nope, the other way.


Six. No.


That was what I was asking. None of us are, unless you are, Arkhan.


I don't know how we do this.


All right, just checking. I didn't know if you had some mumbo jumbo.


Yes, long walks on the beach.


You got it.


Oh man. Okay.


I draw my shortsword. (laughter)


Right, right, right. Can I come up and look and see if I can see any tracking? If there's any footprints around a certain area around this.


You're absolutely right. We're going in. When we're in there, you keep it busy, and I will carve it up.


Hammertime oubliette.


There's a giant velvet Elvis.


No, no, no, sorry. I'm sorry.


Pikey-poo.


-- a succubus or a rakshasa, then I would speak Infernal because I do get that with-- we didn't really fully decide. It never specifies.


Is that the edge of a cliff over on that side?


That's one good one. You get a success.


Okay. I'll just take the rest of it. I'll probably have it on the way home.


Jesus. Okay, 14.


Grog, do not. Do not.


Truer words were never spoken.


It's bad luck for normal people.


Bigby's is probably concentration, but I've also got a potion of strength.


Shine bright, circus man.


So this was not the group that had set off from Emon.


I don't know D&D enough to know what the fuck's happening right now. Ooh! 16?


You know, magic shit.


Yeah. That's not the issue. But cheers!


What is he looking for?


It's a wisdom save, but if it's a willing person they can go in.


It's Brian Compton from over at Nerdist. (gasps) You got your Geek and Sundry in my Nerdist.


Good job!


Look, listen, take me to this place. You and I will carry these men to a temple.


Am I flanking Molly?


We run away.


Jesus. No! (laughter)


Best part is, it doesn't alert him when I sneak in or out.


How far away is he from me?


Oh, yeah. I've never played. This was a ton of fun.


We need to heal. Heal Nott, heal Nott!


Immediately when I slam him, I get up and walk off. (cheering)


We're releasing a special 50th episode wallpaper all for you guys to use on your home PCs.


Howdy.


Look in.


Golden snitch.


I'm going to go in through the archway.


And it's way shorter.


It's fine, yeah.


I'm going to grab someone, at some point.


Beer. Send beer, is fine.


Yes. I don't know, I think he focused for so long on the betrayal of his love, on all of the horrible things within himself that caused that, that he became the physical embodiment of it. And I think he was trying to do the same thing to me. Even though I refused him, I could feel those seeds being planted. Self-doubt and loathing echoing in my mind every night. Reliving every wrong that people have done to me and everything I have done.


All right, one down.


Should we check it out and see if there's anything good?


There's also going to be a field of--


But it's coming. It's on the way.


We're gonna die!


This is miraculous!


D&D Beyond is the greatest.


I don't kiss and tell. Nobody knows. I got what we were supposed to get.


She's bamfing, is that what she's doing?


So there is only one left?


Is Camilla still playing music?


All said out loud.


Oh wait, what?


Well, not everything.


Oh, fuck. Never mind, Matt. "Were there any guards? Many guards? Lots of guards?"


In this specific area?


Shield! Shield! Shield!


I'm going to stealth my way forward.


Damn. This is a bad plan. All right. Well, I'm just going to hit him with my--


They're always looking for good performers. You would do well.


No, no! Stop, no don't. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine.


Oh no. I'm going to scuttle off and go over to Pumat's. I have just a short little shopping.


Yes, I have two announcements. One, Sam and I have returned to the podcasting scene and released a new episode of All Work No Play. It's been an eight-month hiatus, so that's out; you find that on iTunes and elsewhere, but even bigger than that, I wanted to announce the show's partnership with Wyrmwood Gaming. We are now all using gorgeous custom-made Wyrmwood boxes with character names etched in and all that. They're gorgeous. And if anyone heads over to wyrmwoodgaming.com and uses the coupon code CritRole, then you will get a discount on any purchases you make there from here into perpetuity-- that's not true at all. As long as we're having a good time with Wyrmwood. So thank you, Wyrmwood, for the boxes, and everybody please go check them out.


Everything comes out?


Ow, I think I hurt my wrist!


Here's what I got! It's a magical paintbrush!


(singing) I'll take my d10, use it later.


Yeah. I am ripped to fuck.


She's trying to medevac me.


I'm going to sense the weather, I suppose, because this doesn't look fun.


Perhaps if we tame your lust for blood for a day, we can control all the variables that we have by setting this trap. If we go to that cave, aye, we will find war sooner, but we know less, and the reason you're the Thunderlord now is there is a better brain in that skull than there ever was in your father's. Let's use that to our advantage.


I mean, they're basically free.


Wow! Oh my god, we're going to die.


What are you going to be?


I can light up my flame hands.


Motherfuckers.


Okay, well, I'm going to walk over to him. Just stay still. It's better on the light side, so hold on.


Right in that sciatic nerve.


Uh-huh, he's stunned.


Oh, why? You've got to go back to your people?


It's clear. We found everything there is to find.


That would be the thing to do.


That's a three.


The first time I left home was when I met up with you guys.


Shush! Who is this person?


Was the face there?


I'm looking for other expelling gasses, interesting plant growth, lights.


When is the next giveaway?


Oh, the hit. Got you.


Okay, Nott.


Excellent, he's a performer. You may leave, we have no need of you.


Give us a moment, will you?


Please let's leave it alone. Moving on.


I'm pretty sure it's a very expensive enchantment.


Am I at a window as well, downstairs?


I think we start moving in that direction and when nightfall comes we make camp.


I'll just hover there and look imposing. I'll puff up real big.


I mean, do you need me to drop my scholastic knowledge on this shit? Because I will. It talked to me and it was like, "If you free me, I'll give you a wish."


At disadvantage? That was eight. Plus dex, which is five, so that's--


Any more than twice and you're just playing with it, pal.


What's on your waist?


We would have to get into his stronghold?


You shouldn't look! You shouldn't waste your time.


Oh yeah! Telltale's Batman episode three came out. I really like the way that's going. Fun.


No one's around him.


Yeah, my Belt of Dwarvenkind is the only thing, but that's all.


So, plus ten, right?


Oh yeah, yeah. The chunk, the hunk.


Oh, I feel so safe.


I climb back up the tree.


And is the bonus action gone because of holding the action?


You have a javelin of lightning?


17 plus 20. Plus 23--


Who controls him?


How long have you been working on that speech, man? That was nuts.


No, it's in there.


You never watched behind the scenes on Titanic?


No! No, you're a constant source of disappointment!


Yeah, but he's in front of you.


But who's going to be downstairs to--?


Do you still have that raven's skull I gave you?


Okay, I'll open a crate and put it inside and then move back and use Mage Hand to try to open it or check for traps with it.


Does she have any unfortunate tattoos?


Right. Maybe he just scoops up as much ice and snow as possible, and attacks the--


See, no one else has any idea!


He fucking studied up!


So I can fire a Lightning Bolt and hit both of those guys.


Good aim from the broom?


Do you want anything?


We hurry to the other room.


Thank you, Kat! Thank you Katkitten112 for this craziness, oh my god!


Yes, Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III.


That's all that's in the haversack.


Just barely? Okay. That's awesome. 26... 36 points of damage?


I'll-- yeah.


You didn't dominate?


Yeah, okay. With my 30 feet of movement, can I wrap around the far side of the house and just get to cover of the corner?


You are invisible to people. To others.


That felt good.


Sure. My last ki point.


We can manage ourselves.


What else are we doing here?


Oh, I'll just keep him with me.


Yeah, we did.


I was just curious how quickly you'd answer it. It's fine. Carry on. You will be getting food, don't worry, this is not us being threatening, we're just... it's odd finding a man in a cage in the bottom of a terrible ship filled with awful people. That alone makes us like you, but you are a bit weird.


Natural one. (laughs)


I'll never be that far away.


Do I still have a little bit of movement?


They got a lot of gold on them.


Oh, she did.


Oh hi, Percy.


I'm attuning Fassbender. And working on getting the chain removed from him.


Yeah. You know, I noticed, about a week ago? You were curious about my wings. I shoot them out.


(squeaky voice) Yep.


Was it hard?


(whispering) Never.


Don't you think somebody would be asking, "Who recently bought something that would protect against scrying?"


I go up to the deckhands who are manning the sails. Hi, heard it was full sail, full-- Do you need help with anything? To do-- you need--


Oh no! No, Caleb, no!


They won't all just be in the fort. Everyone is going to be placed.


Air high five.


All right. I'll do the same thing, then. Shit.


That's the only thing I learned.


Could you get to a second-floor window?


Let's mark a tree.


Why do you think he went? Why do you think that happened to him?


Is there any advice you can give?


(whispering) Human, want a lantern?


Here, I'll show you.


We can just be there.


Oh, yes you will.


Do I know what a rifle is?


Are you fucking serious?


It's planted next to the water.


Remember when I did you a favor, and you came to my room, and I taught you how to fly the broom?


There's no bridge here.


Don't you mean, that's fowl? (groaning)


Slowly make our way to the town.


Everything's fine.


I know you are, but I am cutting through the noise. Can we not take everything out of that bag except for this new blade and the dodecahedron? Everything else comes out, because the rest is pretty utility, is it not?


You want to let them go off on their own?


Did you pee on yourself?


Four, six, and 8d6.


We don't wanna land, we just wanna go towards the tunnel.


Oh, I can't say "God damn it" in here. I'm in Pelor's-- Sorry, Pelor.


All right, bye.


I was concentrating on the ball.


That's a strength check, I believe.


And I'm doing my flower girl routine with the dust of tracelessness. Just over here, over there, put a little on Pike.


Is he a vampire?


There's more than Batman?


I mean, I totally could Tree Stride us anywhere, but I kind of want to take the boat again.


Adam Lawson was the director. Sean and I were the producers.


No, I think that's a good idea. (sizzling) And I start pushing Whisper slowly.


Shit. I'll just Lightning Bolt her. Him. It. Whatever it is.


But they have to answer the questions because of the other spell.


I tap it, because I've seen other people do that, and I feel like that's what you do with compasses.


I like my antlers.


Keyleth, dear.


You want a toe? I can get you a toe.


Missed our little flower girl.


We can try this in the mansion. If we can get him through the door.


That is it.


You don't have to whisper.


Follow the lights.


Oh crap.


I don't take that.


No, it was your hex.


She helped him.


You know, I don't know. Just wing it. I kept talking to him like it was a person and I don't think that's necessarily the way to go.


They're going to need us to be the strongest. I have faith in you. I'll leave you to it. I'm so sorry.


Yeah, because I'm not going to move.


I pull the axe back.


Yeah. I will use a 5th-level spell to scry. As opposed to the Scrying Eye. Does my Scrying Eye use my spellcasting ability? No, it's 15.


So we go. Right? Do we go to the shore and then out into the ocean on a ship?


I'm just going to say, here's what we don't know: if we beat the letters home, if we try to walk up with the letter, we should send someone to them with the letter because probably Uriel came to his senses once Sylas was hit with some dicks?


It's a wisdom saving throw.


Stay up like Kiki did before.


Just this whole land in particular. I mean there's a lot, there's a lot here, but--


(counting) Oh 23!


I'm gonna be in the middle of this for months.


And have them all jump over the edge of the cliff?


Do I roll or does he?


What a good monk.


Um, just for-- no, that would be too much. I was about to say, I could make a bullshit trip wire, that when the tree went down, it would tighten a rope. It would pop it.


You know this is how diseases are spread, right?


I'm not good at this.


I'm gonna hold my attack. Until he pulls out another object. Of any kind.


To two inches!


Are you trying to weasel out of my--


And we need to be immune to poison.


Is it a two-story?


Hold Person?


That was a Chow Yun-Fat moment.


First death? He's dead! That's not good!


I step back and look away to give them privacy.


Motherfuck!


All right, I'll do that. I'll move up to where Kiki is. 17.


We should run. We should run because it's probably coming down!


One of your things on your list, right, it was to get in a kerfuffle?


Should that count?


Yeah, I'm feeling it.


I don't know. So you heal him.


He’s heavily guarded. There was no way to get close enough.


What does Keyleth look like to us right now?


Plus four, 16.


I should've rolled my other one. To see. Just to see.


Don't talk to the hair.


We should drink those.


I'm going to pass the Pelor trammel back to you.


Just at the bar?


I don't know. I am one of the ones that-- not too many people rely on me.


Okay, then I guess I'm going to (singing) try to back away from it.


I just quickly look into Keyleth's flaming eyes and say, "Finish it off," and then I'm going to run double speed along the curve of the wall underneath flying fuck.


Okay, well that's good. Oh my god, I'm going to scream. Yeah, I know, bro. You're not bro, you're hubby.


He's friggin third Hokage, man. He's not going anywhere.


And I have one more attack action, right?


We can.


There was one more thing.


Speaking of nervous habits.


After, yeah.


Thought you had to-- oh, yeah! And it extends, but--


You know, if anyone else-- none of you--


I'll move in and then move around-- well, no, goddamn it.


Listen, doc, I can't bite anybody here. Are you sure?


Come on, Wil.


I want to go Minxie and do a little perimeter walk in the forest a little bit.


I will, as well.


How long does it take to get to Shadycreek?


Just make sure you write it down somewhere that after you go back to the Raven Queen that your sister is your favorite in the universe.


You offered, though.


Yeah, and also kill the bear.


I go eagle.


I didn't add the Hunter's Mark damage. Well, only extra two damage for that.


In the short time we've spent with you, you seem to be very upstanding folks. I'm sure it wasn't for anything too serious.


This is the gate of the safe house.


Your new friend.


Armor. Look for armor!


We entered in the left side of the body?


I love him. Of course he gets the spell.


Ermahgerd.


Not all of them.


Oh shit. Pike! Pull! I got him!


I'm looking more for magic, I don't care about gold-- magic or weird.


What do I see if I look up?


All right, do you have your shit? Can we get out of here?


You're lucky. It'll even heal.


Matt, before I go in the mansion, I gather up those gems that I threw at the efreet.


They're very nice. Where did they come from?


Two minutes.


You still have more words.


We're like specially, you know, trained. And proven ourselves warriors. We got permission to see--


I'm having deja vu.


I'll have Ya-- yeah, no, that's a better idea, because I was-- five hit points, maybe not.


It's better down here, isn't it?


How much time do I have left on my wings? A lot, probably, like a half hour or 40 minutes? It wasn't that long.


Then why don't we save his mind before we go?


Oh, shit. Okay, well, can I still dash with that and double that speed of the carpet?


They knew I was leaving.


Yeah, Laura and I will be at Puerto Rico Comic Con next weekend. The 21st and the 22nd, or the 20th and the 21st, whatever Saturday and Sunday is. We'll be there! Come squeeze us, we'll sign your books--


Are we in the other room still, or did we come in?


I'll open it and let you guys in.


Yeah. There was no real family ties.


I think we can make that happen.


I can't stop laughing.


Are you Siff?


We told ourselves 40 and done.


Okay, well-- It doesn't matter, I rolled it.


There's still a bear.


I'm imagining the Play-doh fun factories.


Come over here. I walk away from the group.


Well, we're moving now. It'll be fine.


No, I mean, are we, or are we not?


All right, poof. We're back to normal.


Possibly, but if we go by there, we can't be seen.


Maybe you haven't been lucky. Maybe you need to give it another shot. I mean, your average is a little bit better than the Big Man's.


Are there any trap doors on the floor?


Did you just roll two ones in a row?


On the count of three, when you're ready, you'll lean backwards off the rail and fall into the water.


Yeah, I'll go with you guys.


Oh, heavens no.


You said it needs a little decoration. I take the ribbon off my horn and I wrap it around the handle and I tie it on. What about now?


Anything's possible. I just-- I don't feel like they're lying. Unless.


Dot dot dot?


Throw a knife.


Yeah. Caduceus, Nott, want to check it out?


When it's time. We don't have a lot of it.


That's not great.


A minute, so probably the time it takes her to cast that spell and you to run into that hole. Yasha, that should probably end right about (magic fizzles).


I can do magic. I do this great coin trick thing where I flip it on my thumb and then it lands in my hand.


(screams) Is it old?


Should we continue on, or--?


I sometimes-- I sometimes--


I'm in the mansion now.


It looks like she knows how to go off like a siren.


Cute little bob, but it's black hair instead.


30. She beat me.


Did you just now realize that?


We should save at least one for a certain fight.


I'll take this myself.


Do you have morning--


That is terrible, it's a terrible path you're going down right now, I am uncomfortable with this--


All right. Do I still have movement? Okay.


I haven't been paying close attention, but who is this mark?


Do you think we'll be able to find our way back here? Should we mark a tree or something like that?


I really wish Pike was here.


Forgot they're old. Right, well, it sounds-- fuck it. Water. And I start pouring. (laughter)


They are so cute.


I'm going to try and move around, yeah, and move out of his eyesight.


He's not naked!


Yeah, I throw a dirty rag over it.


Okay. I don't know what else to say right now. I'm really tired. Really tired. I think there's also a part of me that's just afraid.


Oh, is he like an asshole cat?


It's our special episode; I thought everyone was dressing up.


Okay. So we're okay. They can't come in.


A little in shock. (pants) Ah!


Towards the heads.


You ask and he listens to you.


Oh, are we talking about General Krieg?


Hadn't.


We could go a little ways, and then come back if we don't find anything.


Well, you were until that. (laughter)


My pouch. And did one of these things. So I'm going to get my pouch back, and then--


Whatever, it'll make it harder. Right, that's my turn.


I don't know. I feel like they would've said if they were in danger or something.


Do you need some help finding it?


You know his father has way more money than that.


"Time is of the essence. Should I not have it by the end of Quen'pillar, I will be forced to end our agreement and seek a business relationship elsewhere. I warn you: we are fiercely loyal to those who appease us, and staunchly resentful to those who do not."


Yeah! I mean, it's a tiny house, I don't really want to go in there. I like having exits I fit through.


Not good. Nine.


Oh, I got a one!


That was worth following around for.


If we stay flanking somebody, anyone who runs away from us--


Help someone.


I take a little of the soot, and I give myself some druid battle make-up.


Now we're going to fight underwater?


Music to burn a house to. Music to violently murder people to.


As you see me walk through the shadows, in shadow I could be 60 years old, but when I step out into the light it's like, seven!


It'll look so good in the house! It's so perfect. It's going to go on the mantle.


Yes, I did. I'm gonna stand right there and say, fuck you, let go of my brother.


Got a lot of pent-up aggression, Tal.


And as to the amount that was promised, do you think that was a fair amount?


But I didn't see it.


Ermahgerd. I hate you.


Oh, you raise your hand to pull from the Deck? Thats some bullshit.


Can I whisper to him?


Yes. Well, have you seen any others?


Hey, how's that stuff under my feet?


Well, didn't you put a mask on Dotty? Let's do it again.


Is he moist?


Fine. You're right. I will. I will. I'll talk to her. Listen. I don't know what adventure we're going on next, but I think you should go without me.


Are you sure you want to do it, Pike, are you sure?


I push the safe off the cart.


I know, we've been so far away!


I think the pillars could be good for cover and other things. Because I'm assuming we're--


Okay, okay, okay. How do we collapse these tunnels--


Should we say, "We're The Mighty Nein, we met you the other night"? No, maybe not.


Compost it?


Yeah, but this is more like an experience, like Sleep No More. You have to go and--


Never had a rock really hit back.


I don't know if I care. (laughs)


Should've put money on Beau. Kicking myself for not putting money on Beau.


We're on the fucking council.


One more time. Just bring the difficulty up. I don't care.


And I'll also inspire Grog. (sings) He's Grog, he's Grog, he's big, he's strong, like wood. He's better than bad, he's good. (all laugh)


Does it look like we can climb the mountain, or is it just too sheer?


My name's Reggie.


"Ear-tonguing."


Can Keyleth do a quick ancillary action before shit happens?


He spent the entire time on the boat braiding macrame, it was crazy.


They don't work in front of him, right? They're magic?


Pooman Sol.


I still think she did it.


Or get it back for you.


Let's own it.


Yas, queen!


Done. And then, for timeline stuff, I'm going to do as much as I can to start enchanting my bolts, and I'm going to go work with Keyleth on stuff.


I'll hold until I see it to make an attack.


What was the name of that tome again, Scanlan?


Do I have to roll to determine if that was helpful or not?


Then I'll give you Cat's Grace. You have advantage on dex checks.


I think if we tie a chain to it, I think we break the beams and then air-evac it out, personally.


Does Frumpkin see anything around, like any living things?


Let's get in the doorway and then if something happens we shut the doors.


Oh yeah! Oil! I'll take some oil!


No. That's good!


I've been playing with it for weeks. Don't worry.


Failed attempts? Does he write his name anywhere?


Yeah, it's only in black and white.


I know! Get this, so I'm an assassin elf, right? She's really cool. The DLC is going to be about my character.


Oh the open road.


Literally forever.


I like that you never check for traps. It really adds to the unknown.


Go next to the DM!


This is good. (excited yell) 18. Oh my god, okay. 28 plus five psychic, so that's 33 points of damage, plus another d6. Plus another five necro.


We're fine. One of us has guns.


What are you talking about, the bouncer?


With great power.


He rolled a seven.


Am I aware of this happening? At all, I don't see them at all?


I'm going to spend another ki point and do flurry of blows for my bonus action.


Yeah, draw a little naughty doodle, Pike.


The one next to Molly.


Oh! You know what you're going to be good for when it's cold? Fucking hot toddies.


Do you recommend it?


They go, (yells)


Is that the imp?


Give us a day.


