That's for her to do.


There are so many prisoners down this way.


I think the corkscrew's going to stick in the hole and move the whole room or something.


Oh god-- (grunts)


You're hard to follow sometimes, you know that?


Somewhere that when we take form, we'll be hidden.


Listen to me. You did not put me in this place. No one put me in this place.


We were both there last year.


I smushed his head.


Yeah, but we're Disguise Self, so we look dry.


What? I was gone for a day! There's a dragon now?


A gate!


This is the same day as the monk fight?


It can move 60 feet.


I think we have a surprising amount already in common.


I'll step back a bit.


Oh, the police officer came to our school and talked about this. Okay.


Ask about the Xhorhasian that they fought and then ask them how they do so much cool magic. Then ask them--


Oh, no, Ashley's gone, now. It's just us.


No, I'm up top. I have Fly on myself.


Well, you can make yourself look like you, but with not green skin.


This is the gray robe.


Actually, here's an insane thing that occurred to me. Technically speaking, Charm Person lasts a really long time. I cast Friends.


Do you think he has insurance to cover lost goods? Because I don't think he does.


We're almost in sync here.


Your undead pets, are they going to try and eat our brains or anything?


No, don't pay full price for a sick dragon!


Oh, jeez Louise. Oh, that's not too bad. It's not a saving throw.


Plus 19 and then Hunter's Mark! Plus six!


No, no. It's quite common.


Oh shit, what?!


Raise them up, Taliesin. Raise them to the air. Closer to the camera.


Oh, I'm so good at that, with the negatives. Oh!


I want the mansion, now.


I have advantage?


Vecna is back.


No, everything overboard. Everything! The sails, everything.


It always works and it catches whoever you want!


But, you know, I've talked to her a lot about how you have this ongoing sort of teasing war with Grog.


It was wonderful to see you guys again.


Let's go, let's keep on moving!


First of many. Every once in awhile we'll have fans submit designs and then we'll pick a winner. Each one will be a limited run. So if you guys will like this, let us know, and maybe we'll make it happen.


But hey, you saw a lot of things.


All right. I will light the fuse? I don't know how you do it.


Is Nott slurring her words?


When is the next full moon?


It was given to me by a wise weirdo.


No, Halas.


Durent?


There's water pouring out of it!


Cali, did you hear any howling in the swamp, because we heard there were howling monsters?


All right. Second, I'll take a spine devil, the one that's threatening the most people?


Wait, I meant to loot her earlier and it didn't happen. Sorry, I just really like that part.


Lava.


All right. I'm going to run forward and try to get to-- I'm going to poof Trinket in and run forward and try to get to Keyleth.


I guess we should go tell the guards that they probably will have to leave, if they want.


Then I'll lower him down--


I think we're probably good to retire.


So now I'm in, is there any way I could get on the other side of him from Trinket?


I'm walking from the cemetery. However far that is.


Skipping.


Okay, let's see what I can do with this. First thing I'm going to do is use my bonus action--


We can wait until everybody gets down.


20 for scales.


It's worked stone.


And that time is of the essence.


I want to hit the general store.


I just got my cat back, but if you want an octopus to look on the bottom, you have it.


I'm going to pop into the kitchen after she's done. (laughter)


Why is he taking a picture?


Oh, I can't stealth? So to stay stealth, I need to go normal speed?


Can I just take it from him?


Yeah, I hadn't thought of that.


There's a bubble.


Okay. So I'll do that.


It's good, though!


Yes, we fought them both.


I give him-- I don't have any feathers left, I don't think.


I don't know what to do. I don't think I've done this before.


Why don't we handle this guard first, and I go, here, lift up the gate. Lift up the trapdoor.


I think we should just walk, but if you want to do this, you can.


Well, we tried to do that one other time. While it did pay off, and its brother is dead, a lot of people died in the process. A lot. Very large, strong people.


That's my first arrow, and I'm going to try to do the same thing again.


Shadycreek Run.


Fjord. Counterargument  (crossbow locking) (laughter)


Here we go. I'm going to dump a smite into it, as well.


40 feet.


Right. Why don't we just go back maybe to the entrance of the--


Right here, on camera.


When you hit 'long rest', it should auto-reset.


I'm afraid that 300 feet--


Three 4th-level.


A ton?


Can I insight check Scanlan?


Can I scry on her?


Yeah, no, she's beautiful.


Before we slumber, we did a little intel, a little recon.


And the merrow stole it from someone here.


He did Insect Plague.


We found him! We won!


I'll put a thousand down right now that I can beat the big guy.


Wilhand's older than Ogden.


Ooh, is that my helmet?!


With all the flags on it.


Pact! [break]


Great, we're going to head towards the Apple Tree Tuneship? What did I write here?


I don't want to go next to him, I want to go and eviscerate the bowels of the fucker who's fucking with him.


So you have advantage on all dex rolls.


Grab his heart and run. From the ground.


A flock of pigeons come down.


That was a gift, I'm pretty sure. It's a loaner, it's on loan for the foreseeable future until we save the world.


It's good that you have me here, Vax. My experience with these sort of weapons. They are fueled by various-- I need a big word-- various fuels, and I feel like he needs blood to be good.


I was so taken by that marking, that tattoo you had, I was wondering if you might show it to me again?


I'm not stopping her.


Hello? We come seeking the Allhammer. We need help. Vecna walks the earth again. We come seeking a way to defeat him once again.


From throwing shit at people...


Could Stubby and I each target one and you yank one into the ground simultaneously? Can you do that right now?


So if we try and build that trench outside, right, we risk being seen and then pop goes the weasel. If you go in--


Halfsies? Lovely. Twinsies will pay halfsies. Here you go! 300 for each.


I threw you a minor. It’s not much.


What did it do, it did to 19? I can do a reaction, can't I?


(gasp)


Hey, money!


Does it look like somebody stole things from here?


Awesome. I'm going to clear out a little more area, and I'm going to touch the roots and cast Speak with Plants.


Oh, so Percy is right there?


So she was making it seem like she was 15.


No! It's a two.


Ooh, seven.


All the whispers.


Oh, yes! I got to give it up.


All right. That's it? Just one?


Ooh, the Bloodaxe?


(sing) That's me in the spotlight--


You're no fun.


Are you reading?


We should wait and see what else unfurls in this thing.


--there are little pocket unicorns dancing around. I just wanted you to know.


Yeah, come on! Please, I hope he can get in here.


Too soon, guys, too soon. Just too soon.


Let's us just get down and out of here.


Oh, then fine.


I look at Grog, and I'm like, will you stop it! I cast Dispel Magic on him. (Travis snarls)


Yeah. Where? Oh no, Caleb, you're in that cone.


Really, Tary? Because you have all those patches, I thought that's the reason you gave them to us.


Uh-huh. I just get ready.


You did that last night. We need to take care of business. Let's go talk to the man. I'm sure it's going to lead back to the mines.


I know it's just-- but his heart is so-- it's just as big as he is.


I'm going to start trying to open it up. I want to go in there, look for things, and break every damn--


I hear that.


Absolutely you would. Yep. That's exactly what you would do with it.


I'm sharpshooter, I have no range increment.


Bring the art out, too.


They were in a Silence spell.


Okay. That's all I got.


I could attempt it. I have Dispel Magic with me right now.


Okay, I want to step forward a little bit.


I give it to Vex.


Did we find out if I could Alter Self wings?


Don't you have a new leader now?


But before I reappear, I go, "Grog. I'm in a boat." (all laugh)


Come on this only lasts ten minutes let's go!


They're really pretty.


How - you were already here!


We're nominated for an award, Matt.


Shot through the heart!


The boat is called the Balleater?


You going to kill two birds with one stone?


Why were you just talking like the Meat Man?


I don't think that far ahead.


Four sides to the pyramid?


4d6 or 46? 46, great.


Pike can get on my back.


Which was Molly and I, next one is Caleb and Jester.


I'm a limited fucking warlock.


He has a glaive?


Oh, and Frumpkin.


Pop in, scry, pop into Draconia, look around and next day, pop out. Can we do that?


We were here to call upon your expertise. We imagine that we are not the first strangers to Kraghammer to come through--


No, he's grappled.


Yeah, dragonslayer.


Pushing in. Using my legs to go--


Santa Klaus!


How many feet away am I from this thing?


Yeah, Grog can punch.


No, it's never worked.


I can move my hands, right?


I could come back for it another day, perhaps.


We do okay.


Is there a calendar system?


Can I go talk to them?


He didn't shake them, you just put them on down. That was the shadiest roll ever. If you did that in Vegas, they'd be like, "No."


Yeah. Does she just attack the once?


A shell that keeps in anything from coming in.


Oh, you know, this and that. Feelings, as you would call them. Romance, as you would say.


No, I'm walking. I'm just testing the ice.


Oh, and I have to roll-- I'll just say I missed. For my bonus action, I'm going to slide the dagger up along the same line and try to widen that gap.


Good job, Lara! I mean, Vax.


Yeah. Who can shrink my bear?


Walk inland.


Should we go visit the Clasp?


Wild Thing.


Found lots of skeletons along the way.


Once again, because again, people, I need some help. I'm a healer for god's sakes, so I'm going to try Sacred Flame again.


The Mighty Drei.


All right. I'm going to shoot through my Blazing Bowstring on that guy and the guy in front of him.


Prestidigitation! Now you're all dry.


We'll see. As soon as tonight. Maybe tomorrow or two weeks. It just depends on how that service works.


Fjord can foot half, since he's sympathetic.


She's not effing around, either.


Oh, the white iris. No big deal. It's the white iris.


I did bad things, I did bad things. I shouldn't have killed a man while he was down. Wait, so what does that-- That means we just can't do anything, right?


Yeah. We'll learn things for science.


Can we all huddle under the--


It's a gorge?


I'm going to see if I can climb the tree and get to it.


Does that mean we should take it back in and chop it up so nobody ever puts it on?


Beasts? What beasts?


Well, you should try it. You should enjoy yourself, but make sure that either Jester or I ties your mask on very tightly, yeah?


We should take care of each other.


Fool.


(muffled) Yeah, me too.


Dice jail!


What if we just--


Yes, yes I am.


We should do some research, some reconnaissance while someone goes for the money.


All right, one second. I'm going to gently walk up behind them while this is happening and I'm going to Vulcan neck pinch him with the Diplomacy.


Yeah, straight damage.


Looking at Tofor.


And I want to try and Grasping Vine and drag his ass into the lava.


It's been a while since we had a visual aid.


No, I'm going to be in a different tree. Can I use my perception to see how hidden everything is?


Does the Glyph of Warding alert you once it's gone off?


Yasha, is there anything you need while we're in port? Anything you've been craving while we've been at sea?


It'll work. They take half damage for shit.


No, he got them.


That's the Tusk Love.


I don't trust anyone who doesn't like the theater. What exactly is your issue with it?


I feel like us at the table should actually get to rate the come ons. The females should get to rate these.


Okay, okay, okay. Oh, 12.


Yeah, damage.


I take the Alchemy Jug, and I turn it upside down like diving bell, and I put it over my head. (cheering and applause)


He's getting a drink.


Loot Crate doesn't decide to just tell one person about what's going on. They let everyone know, not just Vex.


What's the order after me?


With our shit all fucked up?


Oh, did you want me to smash through this very loudly?


Humanoid figures, you say?


Totally. Turn around and give it to them.


And 16 with fire damage.


Yeah, basically just me, running around Mordor.


Look.


Dreams and visions. I do.


(laughter) That is amazing.


I hate yankees.


No, Aldor!


Yeah, I'm going to cast Locate Object, see if I can find that third lodestone.


Where am I?


Well, we are potentially going to throw ourselves at the greatest evil that this world has ever known, in the hopes that the entire world can survive, so that's a big favor. That's a big gimme for you. So maybe in exchange for that, you could send a little message.


Do you have it?


She is pretty nifty.


Did Caleb and Nott see that? Do we make a check of any kind?


What if you do the Hallucinatory Terrain, and we just leave?


This is so period. It’s just like Lord of the Rings. Beep beep beep.


And not where the library and the ruins of Draconia were.


Oh, a resistance to charm?


No, there's one over there, and there's one off in that direction.


That's what the holiday was always about.


Oh boy. That's a big smile.


Science bro?


Did that guard take damage?


Yes, under your gigantic arm, thank you.


We should have weights that weigh us down there.


Great, I have an ankle free. Hey, guys! Guess what? My ankle's free.


You stand right there. I swing down in an arc to try and hit Vax.


They said there was an informant. They said that there was an informant when we were there.


This little shit.


All right, I got this, I'm going to keep going.


Nothing living in there that I saw?


We've gone back and forth about this.


I don't know how to put this up, but thank you. That's so sweet. Aw. I won't kill you tonight.


Yeah? That's me.


We'll come to you, yeah.


I guess I will as well.


How am I going to beat your acrobatics?


I want to walk away very fast if this goes wrong. My hackles are up. It does not feel as sure a bet as other things that we have done together. But okay.


It's going to be all right.


And to The Slayer's Take-- that's what they're called, right? Yes? There could be a formidable force that could come to protect the city or drive out the dragons.


Okay. Any light coming down?


Make it a good one. One we all know the words to. I want to sing along! I yell at him as he walks away.


It's so dark!


And I'm gonna pick him up and dump him back on our boat, towards the back of the ship.


There's windows! Okay. Oh my god.


(weakly) Celebration!


I'm keeping my money, then.


I might have heard what some people are going to be dressing up as and I'm very excited about it.


Great Lakes Avengers


Okay, when we get the money, we should all go out and buy new outfits, and we should go have a feast, and maybe we can buy new clothes for the horses too, because I bet they would really like that.


Maybe, but I imagine they would be super-rare.


Watch that, because it's going that way. Or you can put him on the base or something. Or we could pretend he's on top of that thing.


No, back where I was with Yasha am I within 30 feet of him?


When someone is a goblin in the middle of a town where people hate goblins--


Let's try and not set fire to the human shaped things.


For a second there, Grog. For a second. Well, a couple of seconds. Well, no, I did, did you not see?


He's saying something.


We make a blanket fort by the fireplace.


She just asked for the tome, right? You got it.


It is hard to believe, but I was able to do the-- I danced the waltz and the tarantella. It's been many years.


I'll stick with Yasha.


I'm sorry I couldn't fix the tree, you guys.


Okay. Fucking balls, mother bitch.


Man. Why is it so tense?


I can't put it back together?


I'm taking point. I want to check out that wall that I sat right in front of.


So the ground in the area is difficult terrain. It is covered with slick ice. When a creature enters the spell's area for a first time or on its turn starts its turn there, it must make a dexterity saving throw or else it's knocked prone, because they slip and fall. If a creature is concentrating in the spell's area the creature must make a successful concentration saving throw against your spell's DC or lose concentration.


I just want this to be over.


That's harsh.


Or we could just keep letting him match.


They're invisible cages?


Now, hold on. I pull a rag out, and I (poof) one of the Dancing Lights, and make that hooded lantern again so that you can see.


Peter Dinklage.


Who wants to get a drink?


I'll say, excuse me for just a minute, and I'll walk off and I'll chat with them a little bit, so you can see that I'm pointing up. I'll do a little talk off with them, so you can talk about me behind my-- Without me.


Maybe you should be in the lead case now.


Do you really think the Mending Wheel, though, would help us against Thordak?


Oh okay. Oh nice.


Let's take you upstairs and get you all fitted... Who do we talk to that works for us that does the actual construction to the keep?


Get to Keyleth. We have to be touching her.


Oh, this thing is way closer than I was prepared for. I take a little bit of molasses and rub it on my hands and say: slow down. You boys have got this? Good. And I start to back away, casting Slow as I go. I will loop around by our cleric. He has to beat a wisdom save against 16.


Yes he does! That's another five.


You're really attractive.


Don't press it again; it'll start again! Maybe it's winding down. Ah!


Are they totally visible to us? What are their physical appearance?


Hanging out with my new friend.


(laughter) My door!


No, this way.


I remember at the time I had a, we were playing another campaign, and I had like a rogue assassin, that you were in with me. And I had a kind of assassin character who was super seductress, and really high charisma. And I remember when I joined this game, I didn't really know any of you guys really all that well, and I was kind of new to this world, so I ended up going with a kind of druid, and I kind of deliberately made her introvert, in a weird way to kind of reflect my newcoming to the group, but I was like, "whoa, it'll be like I can be quiet." so Keyleth has a really low charisma, but I kind of spin it in that she's naive, and doesn't really know. And that's why she says things like, "but Clarence." (all laugh)


Yeah. You remember that time a sword killed you? (laughter)


At least two years.


No, they had pinkeye in all their parts.


He said "Come back to us." I feel like we're already here, we should just-- oh gods. What do we do?


Is that how we want to find Lord Sutan's address?


(sings) We've made some enemies. They're coming after us.


Thank you, that was genius.


And ten points.


Blue ink (puffing).


Right. Where is--


Probably by foot or by horse, right?


Look at all the gold, hiding over there!


Yeah, here you go. Yeah.


I was just going to pick up Nott!


That's our kind of people.


I'm going to dive by that tree.


20 minutes, that's okay! Let's all step away from the house.


Yes, and there might be some stills of that to order.


Just some spit.


Come here, come here.


What are we doing wrong?


Every time we roll a one, we have to donate $100 from our own wallets.


I love this tavern.


Take them.


I know every knot in the book.


I want to gently try the door handle.


I rolled a two, but I add it to my acrobatics.


Oh great. How many do you have?


I'll help her out, and we'll go back and back and all around.


As the Duchess flies away, I push on Shakäste's body a little bit and see if I get any reaction.


(slicing) (slamming)


The prison. That we need to break into or get arrested and pulled into--


And we had no choice. Really. It was a bad situation.


Yeah. Got it.


Oh, ow.


How do we reference the--?


35.


No. Nobody could have done more for me. No.


Here is a laser pointer, Liam O'Brien.


That's your work? That's impressive. You took it all by yourself?


Oh, that's why.


This is just a thank you!


Too close. I knew they would jump, so. That's 22 and 24.


I want to whisper to you as we walk back to the house: don't give them any more free things, all right?


It's going to shoot at me, isn't it?


I go running.


Yeah, but a midnight feast like--


So, Scanlan. What say you?


To make a new pair of glasses.


I might have to take a hot nap.


Does he have hair? What are we carrying him by?


No dangers? Clear roads?


Okay, plus my dexterity, which is zero. So that's 13.


Are we attracting any awkward looks?


Is it all right? No? I thought that was a compliment.


We could pull the cart off the road if Yasha picks it up and runs along with it.


(excited gasp) My mom is singing tonight, you guys.


(raspy voice) Yes, we're new in town and couldn't help but notice that structure there. Very unique. What is it?


We should not step on it.


Time is weird for Fjord.


When our party gets--


How much did you say?


Oh no! Pike, but what if Vasselheim is attacked?


More of a globe, but yeah, no, that works. (laughter)


Oh man, Percy, Percy.


Bring the bear.


Then I'm going to take some cover.


We did not have him with us then? We didn't have him with us when we had the feast?


I'm seeing if it's attached at all and very gently turning it if I don't see any--


Are we going the right direction, Garmelie?


Yes, I am, and you are very nice and a little stinky.


Oh, but I don't know if I want to hurt the baby. Did you do any damage?


We have the Sagas of Sundry panel, in room 300B, at 2:00pm I think? Somewhere around there. Then after that we have the Women in Pop Culture panel.


She might be in the Colding. Let's get into the mansion and talk to her.


Oh, man. This is a good box!


So impressive, right?


I get to kill the pit fiend?


Let's cut to the chase here. We need information from you.


Feast.


And, when we get canceled, this is going to be a great dining room table.


I downed it!


Exactly. Doty will live on in your stories.


Okay, I'm going to get closer to Doty, and I'm going to hold my attack until I have visual. And then I'm going to have Trinket attack him, since I don't have visual on him right now, as my bonus move. So he's just going to get one attack.


That's called thinking outside the circle.


You have those?


(vocalizing intro to The Lion King)


I bet Yasha can pop it back into place.


She could have grabbed him, worst case scenario.


Did you get the attack?


Are you done yet?


Yeah, I didn't actually search the house, I just ended up in the kitchen. I'm starting to cook food. It was a nice kitchen when we ran through it. I'm trying to see if I can put together some sort of omelette or something.


Are you really respons-- I can tell when you're lying, sir. Are you responsible for that child?


I've got hold of the rope and just trying to yell, toss her off! Because that way we can see if we can counterweight her back down.


Aah! Are there duplicates of you? How are you doing this?


Cinnamon lemon tea.


We don't have to fight it ourselves.


He seems to have purpose. I'm giddily following behind.


Maybe. Maybe you guys should go, because I want to spend the next few days training Trinket how to roly-poly roll forward and bludgeon people with his armor.


No, just me and Liam. Both of the eagles just screech in pain as they're entirely ruined.


What if one of your guests, that came on for one night, would they be allowed to be?


Dyomin.


It's actually very cold in the mountains. That's why they have thick coats.


We've heard that before!


I suggest against this.


I did have an inspiration dice from last game! I did! What do you give people with it?


That's a natural 19. That'll do it.


Cat stats. (musical riff) Cat stats!


Well, hang on. If we have the flares that she recognized with her crew, why not use the flare that her crew has? It won't alarm her to an outsider.


That's enough. Three and four.


This is so uncomfortable to talk about.


I haven't had a turn.


Just a little. Not far.


I'm going to-- Wait, so slashing-- so bludgeoning keeps it from--


Oh, Death Ward. Pike can cast that.


All right. You're actually going to be scouting, right?


You don't think we're going to make it to the jewels and smashy-smash?


(laughing) "Like a trailing fart."


And also to talk to them about Orcus.


Do you think they would let anyone back into the Tri-Spire?


In addition.


Do you desire a gnome, sire?


I could probably join you for a swim.


Yeah, group hug!


You're totally right.


What time of year is it?


Hey, chat room, buy her a ticket home.


Maze?


What difference does it make?! This bowl--


I got a little Yenk blood already.


You don't remember?


Yeah, you were like a dick in a box.


All right, run.


I'm so nervous!


You want me to lick it?


Does that mean I get extra?


It's the test.


That's it. That's my turn.


Yeah, I'm going to search around for valuable shit.


No. I'm the only one that really appreciates pictures, and I haven't seen it.


You've indicated everything that's here.


Can I run up behind the assassin and, using the blunt end of the falchion, the non-edged side, can I try and strike non-lethal damage into the back of his head?


I call Trinket back. Get him away from that lava. I run past, 'cause I can't-- can I see? Do I have an angle or is it being blocked by molten tornado?


Okay. How close am I to the baby? Can I get to the baby?


Just saying. Keep your eyes peeled, high-perception people.


Well then, let me give it to you.


Anyway, Sorry, it was distract - loud noises.


I did something!


Aye, she will. 25 strong we have. Injured are no good to us. Neither are the prisoners or hostages that were kept by this herd. You said you have made preparations. What sort of preparations do you have in mind?


Not the full name?


You've made it.


You'll reach triple digits some day.


No it's fine.


For sale.


A 30-foot radius.


Ooh, that's nice! 25 points of damage. It was a very good shot. And I'm now going to call over the earpiece: everyone back! Giant flying glass wind, oh god! And I'm going to take a deep breath-- that's actually what I said. I'm going to take a deep breath and I'm going to dive underwater. Put my gun away and dive underwater.


Spit some lyrics, girl.


You know what a co--


You're in the tubby town, though.


It's hard to accept love from others when you hate yourself.


I rolled a seven plus three.


That was a savage burn. Ugh.


(Russian accent) It is the best color.


It's just one now. Another eight points.


You're not and you're not at all?


Is there a lounge in the mansion, is there a bar?


11, plus zero?


We could be lizard people, for sure.


Exactly. It's so much fun. We're in dire straits over there. The world is about to be taken over by an asshole that wants to be a god, and we're trying to kill him, and we're here now, and we're hoping that we can hang out here and rest and go back and only a few seconds have passed? Maybe a minute or two?


Shall I for downstairs?


I brought myself up a little bit. Just a little bit. And I'm going to shove the Diplomacy glove right into Sylas's face and try and do a straight shove to get him off of me. I have never used this before. I don't actually know how it works.


It's like his character move.


Necrotic damage.


I'm going to go drag them back.


It wouldn't make my intelligence higher?


So we'll go-- just keep going down and check the rest of that hallway.


Ooh. I see what you're getting at.


Wait is this... stealth? 18.


But there were many more beds.


Actually, did you turn into an eagle? Can you carry me?


I'll get to that. All right, so we got wood. That was two gold, you said. All right, minus two. The next thing I want to do is go to the temple of Sarenrae and get my sister's holy oil for her. How much is that?


Oh no, lair action, she explodes. (laughter)


Okay. Okay. Well, then, I will cast Hold Person at level three on Kevdak.


I needed to send it to-- Oh, I have to prepare it.


To my armor class? He doesn't hit.


Your "Con-gressman."


Yeah, he's only using his arms because he's got no knees! Douche.


Did you describe any light source in here that they're working by?


Oh, I thought yes, that was a given right? I mean, we all work so well together.


Okay, yeah.


It was a fucking year. Did you not think this was going to happen? (laughter)


Hang on a second. Will you earmuffs? He knows what earmuffs are! That's good. Anyway, why would Scanlan send a messenger? He has the gate stone! And why him? Scanlan's smarter than that, right?


That's a complicated tray. (laughter)


Is there any traps?


Shitballs. All right. I'm going to do Grasping Vine, then. No, I should make us a dance floor. I'm going to make us a dance floor, then. I'm going to do a wall of stone. How concentrated can I do my wall of stone, actually? Can I do a wall of stone to where it's doughnut-shaped? Where there's a hole in the middle? And now I make a wall going across the top?


Percy, catch me!


Thank you. Would you like to carry the bear claws?


(old-man voice) I'm fine. It's my knee. (laughter)


I'm four-foot tall.


Let's go away from the group, into the trees. Hopefully, that won't kill us. And we lay it down.


I don't know. Is that right, Matt?


We didn't think to leave her a stone, did we?


We're pretty flush already. Let's make it quick.


Yeah, on Zune, on PalmPilot. Darkhorse app, Comixology, Limewire, finally.


Your supposed death will go far for that.


So a shit-ton.


With my bonus action, can I transfer my Hex onto this wolf, and can I start running around to get to its right hindquarter? Staying in melee, but getting on its rear.


That place is very busy.


She's so like that. (all laugh) ASHLEY Let's do it.


I'm going to back out of the Faerie Fire.


Firestarter!


We put everything in the bag, then it would be good.


Give him the Al Capone, Kash.


I think the moment's passed for the rest of us. I think we should go.


Well, okay. Here's the thing. If we're going to go home-- Emon.


Very pretty.


Objects with that much power have to leave some trace somewhere. Anything you can think of, a place to start.


Oh no, that's true!


He's way too big. I can try to grab a wing.


(coughing) I have bloody fingers.


-- frat-boy one-shotting me this.


I walk over and I slide the bottle of ale out of his hand.


First one's disadvantage.


You said that very loud.


We have vaguely pointed ears. Not even fully pointed ears. My mother was not an elf.


Want me to go check it out?


All right, weight it more heavily to the group that does not have Pike.


We told you we were having a party, man!


Deep Speech? I speak Common!


Do you have resistance to any of that?


A 13.


Do we recognize any of the corpses?


See ya!


I was all kinds of fucked up a couple of weeks ago.


Should we keep-- I'm going to keep watch.


(laughs) Yeah.


Because this is a three-mile radius, right?


I just worry that it's not just an appliance. It's got hidden in it something --


So cool.


How close are the nearest of the gloomstalkers flying around?


I have Shield of Faith that I can put on somebody.


Look for Shadow of War.


Oh, it is about that distance.


I could've gone around them.


If another cube or something comes out--


I think maybe this is a lesson learned in what is worth risking our lives for.


You have two extra cloaks? You gave me one and then you have another one?


Pike's going to be so fucked up.


Did you just out-talk Jester?


I bet that's the one, because he mentioned molten lava or something. So she's being held there and then further in is K'varn.


I'm just, you know, preparing.


Haha. 26.


If you make it in? No, I'm going to stay with Nott. I will be back-up. You're a good talker. We don't need two good talkers.


They come upon a tree and somebody--


Or hanging with your friends. You don't have to drink.


Wait! Is it permanent?


Wait, the whole arrow goes in? I wanted to leave some of it out.


Do I see Delilah?


So as long as we're all touching, she can get to us. We just need to clump, and I move last, so I'm fine. Is that right? Yeah, I move last.


It is fancy.


That's a legendary amount.


Man, why, I think that's a good idea. Would you like to take a load off? Join us for a bit, I'm sure your legs are super tired.


Hmm. Let me read my description that you sent me. All right. No, okay. I'm calling Mike Mearls!


Is there a tree that looks climbable that I could get a vantage point?


Yes, Coralin Shorthalt.


It's for both of us.


The stuff downstairs is really not that bad.


We used that in an emergency.


Don't faint!


You have major glasses indentations on your face.


I want to fill it up right now.


Second dagger also hits for a little less, for seven points of fire damage in his other eyeball.


No, this is bigger than you.


I shall take it.


These people kill ducks, Lionel.


Odds and ends. It's less of a guard and more of a champion.


I remember you asking him for incense before from him, I think.


Is there pictures? (in high-pitched voice) Is there pictures?


Well, we do, but she's very distracted, and is not feeling herself.


Perfect, I'll fit right in.


Hey! Invisi-cart.


This isn't where we left-- no. This isn't where we left Reginald? No, okay.


Yeah, I know. We are.


I'm going to collect some of Vex's arrows.


Keek.


I'll bring you home. We're going to get you out of here. I grab that cage and try to pull it apart as much as I can.


Like land, potentially?


I could just-- maybe I could be a mute escort? I had my tongue cut out.


They-- yeah, like with cool tattooing.


I will peek around and fire at that guy, whatever that guy is. The abomination.


Yeah, that'll do, that's a 23.


My invoked Jester turns around and thumbs ups to it.


You sleep so well, okay?


Can we make it look like it's already been burned down?


I can instantly make us, with Seeming, I can instantly make us all look different. Or just you.


Crazy roll there, Travis.


I shove a bunch of the fruit in my pockets on the way out. Is that better?


Yeah, I just, uh--


That is the Broker.


I think I'm going to leave this here, if that's cool with you guys.


I didn't say it, he did!


There's another one. 10, 13. Radiant damage!


You got it, pick one!


Maybe the edge of town, into the Siren Gate Forest.


I am a goblin. So, you know, the green skin, the green hair, the yellow eyes. And she wears not-great clothes, just like her traveling companion there. She hides in the shadows a lot, because she knows goblins aren't welcome in this part, and that's about it. I mean, she's a little skittish, and right now she's probably stirring awake as well, right?


I understand, I'll just take a second of your time. I owe a boy who lives here named Kynan, I owe him a few silver and I want to see that he gets it. Is he in town?


Yeah. Nothing we can't overcome. Everything's got its little bumps and growing pains, and I think we've had ours. You and Beau seemed to make up nice.


Okay, that's nice. Torch, torch, torch, torch.


But yes, we are making fun of you.


Was it hidden, where you found it? Should we detect to see if it has magic anyway, like a trace on it?


And there's nothing here?


I don't think we're going to kill him right off the bat.


(sniffing) Allergies. (groans)


Oh, he visited my mother years ago.


So it saves.


And what's funny was, his character, McCreedy, he starts bitching at you for picking up a lot of junk, which Matt does to me in real life. Yeah, Matt was like, "Do I really?" And I was getting it from two fronts. I'm like, "God damn it."


Yeah. Honestly man, when you did that you were totally alone and by yourself. It took us a minute to figure out what exactly had happened and what you touched.


That's right! I almost forgot.


Beau's going with.


Hold on, I'm gonna do a Mass Cure Wounds.


If you find somebody bleeding under a tree, that's not ridiculous. Tree fell, you happened to get hit. Good luck.


Would you like me to come with and maybe counter that charm effect?


Do I have any advantage on that?


Wait, there's another one?


That was a critical "rawrl."


So I roll twice?


January.


In the door?


No. We almost did that. Correct, DM? That's what we almost did, but we didn't do it. You offered it.


Your sword is a dick. Tell him he's a dick.


Oh, you're coming too? What a good day this is! All right, let's go shopping!


Yeah, because the bottom one with the things, the traps blockers--


It's very pretty.


Vex, do you have an arrow?


We have no choice, Pikey.


He has to succeed on a wisdom saving throw against me.


Conjure a barrage first.


Of course. I am very interested in literature recommendations.


She knows what to say when guards are asking questions.


Don't worry about that. I'll eat everything we leave behind.


Or are you dead? Or just two rounds in.


Fjord, have you ever seen anything like this before?


I think his tusks are growing back.


We'll see you back over here, then? Okay.


She just asked to fuck with a friend. Yes?


First of all, I'm not good at finding traps, but I've found a few and the ones I've found have been rope based.


On the guy.


I know you did. Are you okay?


I'm the chief of my people.


I slap myself on the forehead and go ugh. Pull out thieves' pick and start on the lock.


Gets to spend his entire turn coughing.


I just heard a bunch of sea lions barking like, "Ar ar ar ar." It was nothing. Oh fuck.


Matt, can you give us any teasers of things to come?


No, because some people roll bad. Some dice roll bad.


He didn't know who it was for.


And I'm at enough edge to where her illusions are, as well.


Yeah, and I'm going to shoot an oracle arrow behind him to see what's going on over there.


It was cocked. It was right on a 20, which sucks. That's all right, perception check, 24.


I'm going to run over to my sister.


No, get away!


That's still something.


I feel like Lorenzo had his way with me just now.


Well, I guess that's a matter of opinion, Percy.


We're going to cast Disguise Self on each other.


Pots, people, pots?


Thank you! Penelope.


I also give it a good ten minutes, let him get distracted and forget that he, maybe, just got scryed on.


I've got to say, I miss those two people we ran into at the carnival.


I'm going to pick up my cards in a very specific order very quickly and start stacking the deck.


I got worse initiative than the horse?


Or whatever. Whatever you want.


Avantika knows, I mean Tiffany knows that that owl is yours, Caleb, it's not like it's a secret, if she's seen the owl before she's going to know you're spying on her.


Let's go back up. Fuck it.


We really should have gone there in the last year. We need to visit Emon.


I'll sponsor that journey.


Aren't you inspired?


(quietly) Your girlfriend's on the ground unconscious, and you're worried about some little--


Do you need any more, Caleb?


Any good things about the area that you care to share?


I can fix it. I can fix it after I sleep. Just not right now!


Yeah, it lasts for an hour. Is that something we can turn off and on and it lasts for an hour, like a battery, or is it just an hour, it's off--


Why would you even say that? Why would you even put that out there?


And Fjord? Okay.


And roll us into the door.


It's a quick jump, though.


(sighs) Yes, we will attend.


If you're thinking about a car, and you imagine a car, and you say a car has four doors, four wheels and a windshield. Then you drive it around. Well, if had two doors, is it still a car? Well, yeah. Well, if I removed all the wheels, I can't drive around anymore, and it has no wheels, but is it still a car? Yeah, well if I remove the windshield, and all the doors are taken off, and there's no wheels and an engine, is it still a car?


He winks at him.


Well, why not.


What were you saying? I did not hear you.


If anything, I feel bad. Feels like they're investing a lot of money on this play.


Where do we go, Fjord?


Kind of, but it's always magic time of day.


On the, yeah, the water column.


21 on the second hit.


What was that? What was that? What's that do? What's an erinyes?


I'm going to dodge. Uncanny Dodge, man.


I do not speak Infernal.


As we move, I release and then recast Invisibility on him when I see that there's a moment where everyone's distracted.


It's magnificent.


Let's assume this is not a gift you are offering, what is it that you are looking for in return?


Restoration?


That's not the damage. Oh yeah. 17 points of damage and six points of psychic damage.


So friends then?


"Medititive"?


That I remember, yeah.


You can cook?


O'money. Of money. Okay. Lots of money. No, no.


Down there? You want me to go down there?


Can he turn and look and I try to search the other guy?


Oh, we can understand you.


No. 6d10. Sorry, my mistake.


The twins are gonna go have a peek.


Which is why we should get them to flee.


One piece of fruit? One piece, just one little piece. An apple.


And for my move, I bash down the door.


And again.


But the handle gets-- I do the same thing with this cup. I grab it by this the whole time.


Oh. Percy, can I touch him?


We're going to give one of these away. All you have to do is be active in the chat room, guys. So, if you're watching full screen, get out of full screen, be active. She can't see it, can she?


Yeah, don't make it obvious. It's a casual sort of name.


I'm going to immediately spend two sorcery points and quicken spell, and I'm going to turn around and do three Scorching Rays to follow up the Fireball right at that dude, each head.


Well, maybe you should fucking talk to her.


We’ve been fighting and killing for weeks,


Hug around the arms that are down, and you're like--


Does there appear to be any sign of wreckage, or anything else that looks like it might not have made its way through this path because of other dangers?


We can't go back.


Okay, I go up to the sparklers and firecrackers.


Oh, you did. (laughter)


Do you want to give us instruments and we'll all play something?


Can I do this first? Just to see if it works?


Oh, that's terrible. Never mind!


Did I save your life?


Oh, Jesus. Please no.


Clara. It could be a she.


Do you have to pee or something?


But we're making our way to the tower.


This is Vex, this is Vax.


Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Stay there.


Oh, it does?


Do we get a sense of the Taskers, are they just a group, like us? Like a small group, or we don't know yet?


I'm over here, actually. (laughter)


Jester. Jester's one of the folks that got stolen. Together we were a dynamic duo of mystery solving. We could solve any mystery. Find any criminal mastermind, no matter how nefarious. We had all the tools, all the insights, all the instincts! It was amazing. We were a well oiled machine and then... she was taken. And now it's just me.


Eye contact, motherfuckers. Eye contact.


Stand bridge, stand bridge, stand bridge.


Leave that.


Total is 11. 1d8 plus three.


Tiberius might not--


Oh, amazing. Since we're clutched in that grip, I'll grab him back and I'm going to try and bite his nose off.


You could take it, though.


(whispering) Wyvern? I look at Keyleth. Keyleth. (louder) And I whisper, but for sake of microphones, do you know of a creature that's blue, and fast, and is kind of snakey but has arms and legs?


I scooched back, right?


I only saw, like, five.


Let's go get some powder. Let's get some black powder and whatever else we might--


It's hard to do, but yes.


Oh, but Ulysses, we like you so much!


Wait... Somebody hired-- Oops! Do you think somebody hired Lorenzo to do this? Or do you think that Lorenzo stole this from somebody--


(laughing) You're too mean.


I can deal with that, it's fine.


I know we have time to decide on our route.


How big are the gaps?


Up and up?


No, we can-- Oh, not on that side of things, but you see the other side.


And it was so strong that I couldn't stay in the vision, because I could feel that it was taking over, so I pulled me out of the dream, among various things. But I saw--


(laugh) Serf trervles.


They're going to try to make him into one of the stitch monsters!


Well, I know what I would do with it.


Caleb and Nott are together.


I know, but that-- what does that even mean?


Like dogs, we never looked up.


I'm making sure that the whole market knows that there is someone perusing and purchasing for unusual creatures and making sure they see the weird twins and the two angelic-- I'm making a show of it. And I'm making a show of our non-chained obedience.


Look at how big the face is!


Having to do K turns as a person is rough.


Thor.


I can see the steam rising from Matt's head.


Is that why it says 'No admittance to the elderly'? You don't want to deal with those riley elderly. Or the ill, yeah. Why no elderly, though? Ill kind of makes sense, but elderly?


Noticing that, then, I will go to-- I don't have another movement, right? Or was--


We can use mist form. Sorry. There's Teleport Via Plants, which I did not bring today.


I'm chaotic good.


(quietly) It looks so pretty.


Okay. Just making sure I'm doing this right.


Oh. Sorry. (very loudly) How do we know when it's evening here?


I'll be after Tiberius.


So just not here.


In Nantucket?


And did the Wind Wall thing work?


Beep beep.


Yeah, sure. I want to earth glide underneath and pop up underneath of him.


Let's do this. (yells) (laughter)


That guy'll be fast.


Appreciate you.


Ooh. Maybe I could.


(drum sounds)


You're pretty good, though.


We were curious. I'm sure you witnessed all of those wonderful goblins and trolls and other nonsense coming out of the mine.


God, I'm so mad. How far away am I?


(softer) Howdy.


Truly blessed with such wisdom.


But not these two.


A physician also.


You know I'm looking, but you don't know what I found.


There were so many.


Sit back, love, and watch a pro work.


We have earrings, we could just talk on the earrings.


The judgment? Oh no, no. Do I have to get branded?


She did it again.


We'll be listening to him lift that rocking chair outside.


2d12?


Down at the docks?


I want to move a little bit closer and then cast Spiritual Weapon.


City of Dis seems to be the winner.


I feel like I should be very stern right now, but I can't stop smiling.


All right then, the diamond comes up, I spin it and little charges of electricity crackle around it, and I kick it out from my hand and it spirals through the room to that one.


Well, we woke it up.


I'm going to spend a little time tinkering before I sleep, working on the broom.


Can I make all three of my frenzied attacks?


Did it do anything to the rot behemoth coming in?


My life is shit! I can't do anything!


This has to be taken care of immediately.


Oh, that's right. I'm so sorry.


21 for the last.


Stay true to yourself, Taliesin.


I buy the bone bracelet, throw her money, and say: thanks! And walk off.


Yeah, I'm going to wait.


Three! Yes! It's the only ranged attack I have. (all laugh)


You know, I think one of the bits isn't turning on. It should be just about instantaneous.


It'll take more than a day to get there anyway, so this way we'll just save some time and we'll take a day to take a look around.


Did we send him out there without matches?


Three. Five. Zero modifier.


We are absolutely not.


Well, a little subterfuge. Let me--


No. No. Thumbs down.


We've still got to get that beer.


That is-- what did I roll on that one? I forgot. I don't know what it was. Sorry, 15 damage for the first one.


We're gonna do what we always do  wing it.


Info only.


I wouldn't know that--


More or less. Are we all agreed?


Apparently, I'm going to be an instrument. He's going to play me to topple the followers and his secrets.


Totally. I understand.


Oh yeah, invisibility yet again. I'm out of 3rd-level spells.


We're all going to die, but we have three lodestones doing it.


Fred, Freddie. Do we know what languages are likely to be spoken there?


I go both ways, baby!


Don't agree with him.


(mic bump)


Don't second-guess yourself! You're alive! You did good!


She meant it as a compliment.


And if we get caught, they're going to know we didn't sign in correctly.


It didn't kill him?


Yeah. Honestly, if I would've turned everyone into a cloud--


Aw! That was my good hand!


That really sounds like a euphemism.


I don't know if we'll be alive in the morning. I don't know if it's occurred to any of you, but I don't particularly feel safe. I'm glad we got out of there--


It's just one of the scrolls.


Oh, why don't you just keep going forever?


Oh (scoffs).


We'll work that out, I promise. I ask if the cleric who helped bring Pike back to life is here.


No, not yet.


They're soft, they feel very nice on your body.


There's one?


The fight ended there.


I've got to retire it. It's so beautiful, and I keep trying it.


$13.50?


Hop off? No way. I'm not stepping on this bone shit.


Smash.


Shit, fuck, balls, ass! Okay, so I'm going to make myself look like him.


Okay, well he's right there, so I'm going to use Sacred Flame on him. Oh, actually I'm really close and he's already been hurt. I'm going to Toll the Dead on him.


That ability you had to make Beauregard--


Ah, that's close enough.


It's not that I don't trust this place or like it, but I'm thinking about locking the door a little more heavily than normal. I'm going to wedge my sword underneath the door to make sure that it can't open without moving the sword. It's a lot of new people today.


Release.


We start searching through her office.


(exclaiming)


I hope I don't let you guys down.


Oh, no.


(swishing SFX)


My fucking--


Like what?!


You have one of the healing potions.


Kill him. One turn.


Ooh, Grog! I didn't know you swung that way.


So they did this to you?


Sorry, a trash person. If they're garbage people, I'm their rare cousin, the trash person.


Featuring Satine! Which we timed out pretty well. I think intentionally.


Great to see you. See you again.


I'm going to have to remember that move.


Come on, Jester, let's--


Tiberius, how many times can you cast pillars of... whatever? Pillars.


I can't use my previous stealth roll?


No, let's go to the gunpowder. Let's get you some.


And I will hold my attack.


Oh, I would love to drum the underside of her.


Do I know what this is?


You have destroyed the show.


Ah, balls.


Shut up, Percy. Thank you.


Like that?


If we have to, we can just have Grog beat it down.


Oh. Imma fucking move out of his attack range. Does that give him attack of opportunity?


I have both blades going now, so I'm knocking that down.


You can do light?


Based on tracking and everything and insight, can we tell if that creature is anywhere nearby? Or if it's gone?


Second one is nine, and the third one is ten.


Well, maybe we can ask him about it?


Okay. So write down 'Keyleth.'


Burt Reynolds should play with us more often.


Hey, before we go into the storm, you want to look in the old fate-changing thing?


No, just his tongue.


Oh, motherfuck.


You steal my bird, she will pluck your eyes out.


Vex is going to kill us.


Okay, I'm going to fly my 120 feet move speed and come behind over here-ish, but in the air.


Yeah. Wake up your sister.


You guys are in the mansion.


Maybe we let him go.


Yeah, that's fun.


No. Just on the way.


Oh, sure. This is actually my general--


Well, I have Spiritual Weapon. So I guess, yes?


Yeah, I'm not going to try to do that.


Well, it's going to take damage, and then it might end.


I gave it a cursory glance. I skimmed it.


Yes! 15.


There's three.


You'll be fine. What's that? 60 points.


It would have been ten.


Grog goes and distracts Kima.


Oh, a d20.


It's a person firing.


That's okay, though.


This is the first time that actual Travis has really leaked into Grog.


And she likes chocolate!


Wait, I asked you! I asked you before I left, Do you know of anything that's gray with six eyes, and you didn't know, and now you know?


Calgary is like the Kentucky of Canada.


18 and a 16.


Well, we've got the acid thing, and maybe Grog can--


Oh god, why? We're in crazy costumes.


Just lots of water.


We want to have a place to hide, and place to shoot from that has cover.


Are we just in an ocean of gnomes; is it like 98% gnomes all around us?


It could be interesting.


In the kill box, you're going into the kill box?


We are?!


You're not getting in the water?


That was Caleb's fault.


Suck a bag of dicks, water creature! (laughter)


It's working for him.


Is Doty strong enough to wear a suit of armor?


You're at your most dashing when you use your sword.


Wait, did you close the door?


Yeah. I can't heal or anything. My god, I can't do anything.


Yeah. Feeling less rage-y?


No, there was one like you, there was a big one, a mighty one. There was one like you, brave and kind.


No, I asked if she shared with her men her passions and all the details that she knows and all the knowledge. I thought maybe she might covet that, but it seems like she's quite forthcoming. She's trying to build a following, like a zealot almost. You know, build believers out of her crew.


You bad bitch!


(sings) Sherri baby, Sherri baby, Sherri, won't you come home tonight? Come home tonight? You better ask your mama. Tell her you're without a gnome! Why don't you come home to my keep!


I'll hang out beside you so you can watch.


How do you feel about rooms at the Bloated, Cad?


And I'm like trying to figure out what's wrong with him.


Tight, right?


You're not just in the closet over there sorting through file cabinets?


No, don't do that.


We got to get rid of them at some point!


I like that plan.


I don't know where, can he get inside the keep?


Indeed. Not for some time, I'm a bit out of practice, but yeah.


It was the queen of diamonds, right? Yeah.


(louder throat clearing)


The idea is, if she doesn't want to destroy it, I say there's something awful, and Keyleth, I believe you want to destroy it, yes?


(cocking crossbow)


My favorite pastime.


Oh fuck. Okay, that does. They both take 4d8 damage, and the one who didn't make his save gets pushed away, but he's right up against the wall.


Shit. Going in! I jump through the window, and before one of them leaves, I'm going to crack them with the staff right over the head.


Aw, that's a good idea!


72, so 34, 35?


20 feet tall. I can choose which side the wall burns, 10-feet reach, and which side does not.


Kash walks over with her.


Can I flip up there?


This affects you, you dark sword-wielding dick!


It's been like eight weeks.


I don't know! I fly up in the air and see-- My goal was just to come out, spin around, and attack, but I don't see anything. So I want to be about there.


All right. Do I know where the voice came from?


-- is not so easy to kill. (all laugh)


(laughs) "I meant Petco".


I want to point us away. So I'm gonna redirect flow and go poof! And push us away from the lodestone, in the direction of everyone else.


I speak Orc. So, my friend--


Fuck the man!


Yeah, they know where your shit is.


(blowing water bubbles) And it's all cloudy now from everybody.


Oh, that's a good question. I know that we were loosey-goosey with familiar things. I know that we've said that I can see this far away, but I probably cannot make him do that this far away.


Well, he does have this amazing ruby gem. He was maybe thinking of trading that for maybe bringing down the price?


Okay, I'm going to move into that corner and I'm going to rifle into my pockets and pull out a small snake's gut peppered in powdered rhubarb leaf, and I stick my hand out and point at the one messing with my human friend over there, and I take the snake's gut and I pull it back like I am drawing a bowstring as I mutter and I let go and cast Melf's Acid Arrow.


There was a bunch of gold and there were three eyes in a wall--


A dog.


Dockmaster Oban?


(forced giggling)


Keyleth? I whisper to her. Keyleth, can you scry on people we don't know?


And we have the inspiration for the third one.


Just to get rid of him, they would say yes.


Some items for other Scanlan.


I can totally get that.


And isn't this guy technically flanked by enemies now?


In a crow's nest? Like a big laundry basket? It's just like--


Starting to crack a bit. (laughter)


Can he do that?


Okay. Swell.


Yes! I'll be doing my old man voice. It's very fun, yes.


Well, we've lost Caleb. Should we discuss the potential job offers that we've collected?


It's not our fault!


Okay. I'm going to kill everybody if I start bringing down bolts of lightning. So I'm going to move up a little bit, to where I'm within 30 feet of him. Over here or something?


Bear's armor. The bear's armor was--


I meant the NPC Bo! But it works!


Kit and Wendy. Come here! But come here!


Flank them?


I'm sorry, what?


It's okay. 18.


You mean, you'll stay like that forever? You can't undo it?


"Stop right now."


Three of my four, according to your campaign guide?


Does it wobble?


He could guard this safe house, and then we could go find another safe house.


We haven't talked to you in a week.


One, eight.


Okay, I'm going to try to double dash.


Stealthy.


Eh, people can adapt.


I'm going to use sharpshooter. Fuck it, let's see if that does anything. I'm going to add sharpshooter. I'm going to burn my last grit for advantage.


Well, of course!


Who told?


But what's the part about the collar?


You smart son of a bitches. It's so simple. Tomorrow at midnight.


Is the roof off of it?


This was not how I expected this to go. Thank you.


Just looking at the faces, then, who do you think they are?


And that's, what's the saving throw for that? Strength throw.


Like trauma?


We do, we know lots of people.


It's open! Go!


Are you Vex or Vax? (laughs)


Percy, how do you feel about gods these days? Last time we talked we were both not optimistic, I feel like.


Maybe there's more than one?


Speak!


So I will then whack him on the nose.


Me and Travis--


18, that'll do. 27 to hit.


Is anybody putting some juice on this? No? Straight roll?


You know, I almost killed you in Stillben.


Yay! I'm not quite at full.


So they must make a DC 13 strength saving throw.


Wasn't she the one that I asked if she was a pirate, right? She was like, "The fuck?"


It's time for oysters.


And how much would those rooms be?


I wanna get some more into that!


I can start to argue with you if you start to do something stupid, which is fine.


Garthok showed us the secret entrance, he's waiting for us and having them prepare our way, this could get bad.


We saw the spire in both images, correct?


We're going to need him.


It's better when somebody's watching.


I know this may be a stretch, but do you have maybe any healing potions or anything like that? Or maybe-- this might be weird-- some kind of poisons maybe?


Yeah. Tonight, when it doesn't matter, you roll great.


It's okay, we got this. Pike's going to win the fight for us.


500 gold on this one right here.


It seems like I have to.


You wouldn't have to remember that far back. You said that this all started just a few weeks ago, when you met this one.


Don't worry. It's not what we came for. Keep going!


Could I use that? A longsword?


(shouting) Yasha, are you still here?


Maybe then we're looking at this the wrong way. Maybe we go at this through the Fire Plane. Maybe there's something still there.


What are all of us doing? I'm praying into a book.


Your charisma, Sam! Your charisma.


I'm going back to where I was.


It might be that thing that I got rid of.


Well, that's just weird.


Want me to leave it?


At his right leg, yeah--


Percy could assist. He's got some engineering.


Fuck yeah. (laughter)


We have to bet before we see the meat?


It served its purpose. You got its fair use. You got your money's worth, which was free.


Sure. All right, I will mime swallowing the bean while I Wrist Pocket it.


She's prone and grappled.


Hi, Kas!


He said the power of love will inspire him?


He eats a lot of pork.


That is how it works. Vex and Vax.


Are you feeling scared down here now all of a sudden?


Well, he left. Cassandra's there.


Nice form.


No, they are eagerly awaiting me to arrive back at home and tell them tales of my journeys and adventures.


What the fuck was that, Matt?! There was an owl that just hooted on the soundtrack.


That's a 29, which was a terrible roll.


We're doing it!


You can learn three more times, easily.


All right. I'm taking two shots. That's all I got left.


We can try--


Yeah, which ones?


Fatty just don't want to die.


So that's 14 to hit.


Which saving throw?


What's plastic?


Have you ever lost him before?


Wait, that part's true?


How many are over there? Oh, I didn't see it.


Much like my parents, I have no plan B.


Yeah, I got a big old staff, yo! I'm not great at it, but I can do it. Oh, that's not bad. 16.


Oh, I was about to say, who has the map? You have the map. Okay.


No, that's what Scanlan said.


Yeah, sure. Are we going two to a room?


I know. We were three stories up.


You know what this means, right? Jump in the fire.


It's not fair to her, either.


Yeah, that's the end.


I'm going to burn my quick heal. Might as well.


Talk to your daggers while you do it.


They learned.


Okay. I want to get to the trapdoor.


Oh my god. Can we grab some of the stuff before he goes into the water?


Nobody will be able to get up there.


(whimpering) I felt so alone. Let's not split the party, you guys.


Would you jump up?


There we go, look at us all. Strategized.


Everyone other than the common folk that they had taken away have been put to the blade or burnt to cinders.


Oh, shit. Can we stealth? As we come out of it, I want to cast Pass Without a Trace immediately.


Wait, but maybe the crack would get healed because of my honesty roll.


Yeah, I'll go to where I saw the three cloaked figures.


I do boost lots of signals.


We're 300 feet away, right?


A sickle.


Yasha came to game, dawg!


In a very gentle bucket or pot.


Extra strong? Because of the candied apple.


Yes, our diplomat.


Okay, and then I fly over, (whoosh), and do my other healing touch on Vax.


How close?


What a good sleep I've had! I have all my spells back!


All right. I kiss him on his forehead and say: it's going to be okay. Go in there, take a nap, and show them how to cook.


You need it! You're dirty! (all laugh)


There's no closet. We're in a tiny tunnel.


Again with advantage?


And neither was I


You are very aware that there are people at the Nestled Nook under house arrest by your order? They are innocent and I can prove it, and I would like to end things as quickly as possible. I have killed one of the circus folk this evening.


Okay. I have the map of Draconia, let me just see if I can scry--


Yeah. I already forgot it. I'm too intimidated. Was it no one or something? I don't know. Well, good speaking to you.


It sounded like an alert to me.


Wait, wait, I wanted that gold up front!


C'mon, Red!


We came here seeking help in a mission that we're about to go on.


So would Frumpkin be at the edge of that gate?


Okay, so we'll go up into the cellar and I'm going to open the hatch and say: Help me out. And shove the guard's--


We are amenable.


I power walk like a grandma at a mall.


-- like a paintball?


That is great news. Does anybody not want to join? Really? You want to stay up here?


Is it concentration?


Do we have like an armory that we can bring them, where they make weapons?


I step over, and I try to shoot the one that he just-- I stay out of the stink.


Little off.


That means that her sleight of hand is better than your perception. That's all it means.


You would have been swallowed, too.


We love you, Sam!


I got one.


From one healing potion?


He's right there! Just fucking talk to him.


I'm fine to send it.


Boop! Boop him on the nose.


Hang on, I'm tweeting out a link for Loot Crate.


I ought to be leading the way, I reckon.


Is this Egyptian pyramid-sized big?


The highest point.


Ah! It's really tight! (yelps)


Just about everything. He's very good at passing wind.


Can we survive one more round? Because if not, I can grab that thing from your belt and try to go for it, Pike can get there in time, and he can do the thing.


Yeah. Can I start carving a little ravine around it for where we're going to start pouring the water?


He takes radiant damage when he hits Vex now.


We can all move together and he will not be able to move at high speed as a mist.


Caleb and I are picking them off, Eldritch Blast and--


Seriously, though, what are we doing?


I might do both of you. Hi. It's a pleasure to meet you. I get the feeling you're having a really bad day.


It sounds a lot like glubby glubs. (underwater glubbing)


I mean, they're kind of all the same, right?


Yeah. He's always really wet.


Oh, plenty. I have only used one of seven.


I mean, he didn't eat these two guys!


It's nine.


I mean, I don't know if I'm really here right now, so.


I believe possible that at some point a message could come through it.


Yasha's one, and then Jester's the other.


Wait, let's just hold on. I'll go in with darkvision without setting off any lights that might herald them.


Not me, bitch.


I'm happy to keep going.


It's a gate.


I have some fierce bone structure going.


You just roll your eyes at us at this point. That made me so happy.


Grog, do you want to say something?


We all hold up our hands.


Caleb would then have taken his coat off and twisted it up and tied it to the back of his coat, so he's just with the holstered books and his shirt sleeves rolled up at this point since it's so hot.


There were the snakes in the circus last night, but it wasn't related to the attack, I suppose.


So it's, 'cause I'm blessed as well-- oh, it's a 32.


Is there a heal spell in the house? (groan)


Well, we used to be-- no, you're right. [laughter]


I will say, chances that anybody in any of these buildings is somebody we're going to want to take care of is very high.


I have a spell that can go to another dimension (chuckles).


Is there a table nearby?


Mixing in with the black sand.


I just want to say, that was a death threat in front of a thousand people. (laughter)


Yeah, right above it. That'll work.


I'm going to over and rub his muscles.


He comes. C'mon.


That was sudden!


If we can get back into town somehow.


Subtle. Thank you very much for your time.


Have you ever done that?


Sometimes it just affects me. I have weak nerves. And as I'm squatting, I hum to myself. (singing) How do I say goodbye to what we almost had?


That's very informative, Caleb.


(shouting) Yeah!


It's so brutal!


Opash's lair.


A shallow ghost of a dinner served by shallow ghosts of people. I'm ready for a nightcap, and an end of the evening.


We could! We could. We could scare them off quite easily.


That is hard to believe. I don't think it's true.


My swallow's been crafted at the other place, right? Has that happened already?


Grog doesn't have an earring, does he?


Well, we just loaded up on a bunch of potions. Some dickhead.


I'm pretty tapped out.


Sword of Kas, not even once. (laughter)


Right before he picks it up, hock a rock as far as you can.


Do we see any ligatures? Is there sewing? Or has it been stitched together?


High five, yeah!


Like the "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" warehouse?


I'm walking over, as well.


I just wondered-- I may want to try to find someone at some point tonight. I don't know how.


Wait! I thought you were trying to make it out like I'd still hit water!


This is your boy. I'm taking no responsibility for this one.


20, and they recharge at the top of a day. They recharge 1d6 plus four.


They're broken from it by being in his gaze? Am I in his gaze?


The other thing we can do, but it will take some time, need about an hour. Frumpkin is a cat but Frumpkin does not need to be a cat. I could fly him over as well but I need time, I need about an hour.


We can just promise them money.


No, there could be more groups, man.


Maybe even bigger!


Kymal. But we wanted to give you all an option. And for those of you that do want to stay, we would like to provide you with an underground protection of sorts.


There's a mage tower that goes up and down. This place will be fine.


I can make one.


Queen Ulara, if I may have a word. Let us spare each other lots of bloodshed and just have a chat before we fight. Is that all right?


Yeah, like up into them.


What should we have him make?


Can I say that while it was last night, I painted a picture with the new paint for my mom?


Oh hey, look!


And now I’m going to do a bonus action - see if this works. Okay, I have a 60-foot range here, so I want to cast a Grasping Vine -


And they have a light source with them so we can definitely see them?


Well, I thank you for that. I couldn't imagine my life any different.


All right, I'm gonna do my full three multi-attack.


All right, I'm going to use my movement and dash, so five, ten, 15... 50, 55, 60, and I'm going to paladin attack the gloomstalker up there.


I vote we take the deal.


I have two.


Well we'll just have Trinket run first.


Well, see, funny thing about that, though, is that's my job. So.


Yeah, fine. Did you have a plan? Did you want to do something to wrangle them--


No, we’ve got you.


Maybe not over the little crescent. Crevice is what I mean.


Fiancee and campaign? Killed.


A tiefling anymore.


Budak.


I think this is going to be a negative, but a quick clarification question. With them on the ground, then there's no flanking bonus, or anything--


(laughs) Forks, yeah.


Man, it will be really awesome when that monk ability, that's core of my class, actually works. 17 plus seven.


I'm scared it's actually ending tonight. He thinks it's tomorrow night, but I think it might be tonight.


This is a coin flip.


And I say, we mean you no harm, great ghost bear! In fact, we brought you an offering and we just accidentally touched the other offering of yours.


I'll follow, I'll follow.


I, for a brief time, thought that I had died within that prison and I was having a fever dream from starvation and this was what that felt like, was my mind making stories of friends and adventures and these things I would never do because I was a coward and fool. I miss my family so much and I've done some terrible things. I gave Grog that sword.


Is no one a Sam Raimi fan? Never mind.


Because this is going to be worth a lot of fucking money.


Oh, what a good idea.


There's four rooms  one of them is Yasha and the weirdo--


That I saw. (laughter)


It's just blue pencil on blue paper.


Good call...


Ceiling stone too?


Oh he's tucked into my armor.


But in conjunction with that, Liam McIntyre, who is one of-- he also leads in the game--


Oh, really? We've just been in-- in the back-- in that downstairs room where we didn't know!? Well, we're in a separate room!


You're welcome. I don't know if it will fit you, but you know, happy birthday.


(sighs) I... had a mission, a holy purpose, a thing that defined me, and I thought that I was honoring it, and now-- what if I was wrong? This is not what I thought it was going to be.


Oh! Not that chair.


Oh, I asked if she was cold. (laughter)


Okay, 17?


Butt naked.


Well, I know, but still-- You know when you're dirty and it rains, and it streaks down and dries? That's the sort of thing you've got going on right now.


Okay! I use it.


Okay. Fine. I'm going to attempt to cast Slow on both of them.


I used it already.


JB, I can feed him for a little bit if you'd like to look around or something, or talk to anybody here? Who do you really want to talk to?


What?! Wait, what would we owe you for this?


Barry, is there any way that you can, like, (sighs) condense Doty? Put him in your po-- No?


We're back to the fork.


I'm going to look around and just see if there's a stash or a hoard that he was gathering.


I'm going to use my bonus action to turn into a water elemental.


What can you tell us about that?


But I can see them and I can ignore three-quarters cover because of Sharpshooter.


Don't we want to look unique for him to want--


Oh yeah, can I go over and do the other one, like, (giggles).


I'll show you all the best jifs.


I got the unicorn walnut wood.


I'm going to work on the camouflage.


I think there's no one I would rather spend the rest of my days with, besides my pal Grog. I think you get a two-for-one deal!


Of course I have the circlet, yeah, but--


That is threatening.


It's engaged to me.


Emon is so beautiful--


They're all around the outer wall.


Well, we saw through Keyleth's Scrying.


All right. Mansion.


Three episodes from now, he's going to bring in a gospel band.


I could try.


I should've done that at the bar.


I know, right? Shit! Life!


Like an eyeball.


So we have seen this guy before?


But this is free money, that you don't have to work for.


I can speak with animals.


That way.


Molly, dear.


About the sphere.


They might be close.


I'm sure it was a wonderful thought.


And I'm going to go, (swishing) and I'm going to huck it at the chick.


Oh no, oh no, you rolled too low!


Who's to say where he's going?


Oh no! Insta-death.


I think it's Lost in Space.


It's great, it's great, it's great.


None of us are on these platforms, though. Those are all skeletons.


Where's Caleb? He downstairs?


I mean, I don't, yeah.


Yoga pose! The Hood.


Oh, I'm thinking-- sorry.


We have a day, right?


I know! I know!


Caleb also likes to burn his friends.


He's really going to just try to kill us before we can get out of here.


Like a headshot?


All right, you went (boop). I'm just saying.


Will you tell me a story?


Jester looks extremely motivated. Perhaps we taking care of this simple errand for you might help compensate for a few nights stay?


I'm not hiding from my herd.


That just took, like, ten minutes to find her.


In the belly of the beast.


Just right out in the open, huh?


I lift, I pull, and I try to pull it off the wall.


Just like the old days.


You're bloody now, too, in addition to being stinky.


It's really slippy.


(sighs) How are you feeling?


We've got two wardens.


I grab Pikey-poo and Dimension Door straight to Vex's beautiful dead body.


Okay. So I can roll for something?


Okay. So that's...


I give in. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Kerr.


Fine, fine. Bring me a cow.


And what is your idea of a good time? Unbutton, unbutton.


I'm very excited by this.


Let's see how this works. Follow.


We're probably not going to fight anything, though.


You do have memory--


Oh god, there's a lot of d6 I hear rolling.


Yasha rolled a five. Fjord rolled a 16.


I go to check it out by myself.


Front of the blouse.


No, I've asked that before, man. You don't want to go that way.


Oh, these are like C-cups up here. (laughter)


Yeah. You're right. It was my pleasure. You would have done it for me.


It's the next sedan coming out.


I don't know if we have a lot of time--


I want to run, actually, and I want to jump off and land next to Percy. Yeah. I want to run straight by and I want to stab the dude. I'm going to run forward, yeah. Stab that guy. (laughter)


Wait, are things happening?


I just want to see what it is!


It's not at the bottom of the topless pit.


Real cool, man. Keg?


We definitely need to think more than just wing it, you know? This group, we get under each others' skin, and we all egg each other on and we like to wing it, so maybe we need to slow things down. But I am serious, the thing that I am worried most is they feel like it's fracturing, and we cannot let that happen.


Number five tonight?


It's the arrow.


Burn some calories...


Okay, first and third hit. Sneak attack on the first because assassin, and I'm going to dump Smite into it. Three plus eight. Let me get the dice first. (counting) 41. And the Smite is 3d8 because it's undead. I said 41, right? 41, 45, 46, 52, doubled is 104. Plus the psychic damage. 109. For the first attack.


So congratulations on single-handedly defeating the creature that killed several guards. I'm sure you will be well-rewarded and compensated.


That stacks, right? I already have that. I mean, it would be silly if I couldn't-- is that an ongoing? Because that's a feat I took when I started.


And I mean this with all due respect -- the guy was kind of a coward!


Half go to the house, the other half go look for more help and then we meet you.


You mind if I take a look at that really quick?


Technically!


Like ten Grogs long?


We found a manticore, who knows, they make nests.


(whispers) It's like wearing the Ring, the One Ring.


Coming back sopping wet and naked I'll say: And we've got this weird thing that we're not entirely sure about.


Can we get some paper towels?


I felt Orthax take over again.


That's 17 for constitution saving throw.


Five, ten, 21, 31, 31.


12 damage! Bam!


Or that was good?


I run after--


Oh god. I'm so sorry! (counting) This is so much better than the first roll. 23, and then. 33.


Sure, we're around.


Oh, yeah, that would be good!


And then I turn around, and I (strained) just start walking cool--


Dawn of justice--


Sticking him in the jaw, I can't get him to? I can't make him roll to drop?


Okay, I'm going to take a shot, if I have anything else to do. Can I take a shot at the gem that she just cracked?


-- what would be your second place of choosing to go?


I'm going to take Wind Wall. I'm gonna cast Wind Wall and try and wrap it around the lava column and try and contain it within the Wind Wall, cooling it down. Essentially making a tornado-like vortex around the lava.


Just for you! Pass that down later.


Okay. So Animus will do.


Holy shit. Okay. (belch) Okay.


We're kind of being ambushed. So...


Well, we've got healers.


21, thank you.


Consult your paperwork.


Oh, I was being facetious.


Get your bow ready.


Is there anyone on the street?


Come, quickly!


And then I'm distilling some to see if I can even identify anything in there or anything weird.


Oh, yeah yeah, yeah!


I think if you beg for it, it makes it even better.


No! No, that was a party foul!


Okay. And I'm squared off right in front of him.


What? What, I'm hungry too!


So they would have been awake. But what about Jester? She was asleep, right?


What is this? Do I read it?


Where are we going, what are we doing? Do we want go back to the keep?


With my brand-new awesome d20.


Constitution saving throw.


Well, I moved.


He's going to have a hard time doing that. Disadvantage.


It's up to you, Raishan.


Okay. I have Luck. I've got one Luck left. 20.


Don't die.


Does it do any damage?


That’s my turn.


Action brakes!


So they would have a 15, I would have a 27.


And that means sometimes you can't do the thing you want because it's going to be better for everybody else, and sometimes everybody else is wrong, but you have to go with it.


My idea is this--


Let's just pretend for a little bit.


That's fine. I know where he was, right? Trinket is facing him, so can I try to shoot him with an arrow, anyway?


Actually, with my bonus action, can I cast Hex on umbrella fuck?


Oh, well, where's everybody at? 'Cause maybe I can just do a-- some healing up.


I've seen you before. Do you know Wilhand? My great-great-grandfather?


Is it anybody who steps into that field now, or is it just whoever's in the field when it drops?


Oh, it's just an intelligence roll, right?


And you have inspiration.


It's a scroll case, right?


Pretty sure it's the Sluice Weave.


Those are some big fellas.


Yeah, Caduceus saved his life and he's really nice. He's a pretty nice fellow.


Not the vest, not the vest!


I really want coffee cake right now, Percy.


Is there a basement here, Pike?


You ever done this before?


Yeah, closer to it.


It would be good if you donated more than one dollar, if you want.


No, we were the ones that could.


The family. I mean, it sounds crazy, but maybe we just go up there, go through the motions.


What's the terrain like around this hut?


I've got a large, never mind.


I'll get rid of-- I'll pay for it.


So much fun to make fun of him when he's not here. I think, at some point, you may need another mustache.


Plus Hunter's Mark damage. Six for Hunter's Mark, and then I get 3d10 for the Hail of Thorns.


Fuck it!


I can't draw for shit.


That is a very good question. I second that question.


We need to set alarms around our keep.


I'm full of those, but let's hear yours.


131.


I'm arrested.


Like a momma bird. Everybody have some of what I puked up. It's all good.


Yeah, he'll bore you to death.


It's probably smart, though, huh? It's probably made a bit better.


Halfling!


In and out, super fast.


They're trying to come over into our territory. I don't like it. They're all assholes.


Oh, son of a Gern!


If not, you have a home with us.


He hasn't tried to seduce me.


And I would target the beardy guy with the staff.


That’s it?


Let's do this in real time.


I don't want to be split up.


I can't cast any other spells.


Let's do the druid dice. Oh yeah, that's good!


Yeah, who's going up?


Vex, no! Stop! What are you doing?


This works out for you, you were going to get a boat.


Thanks for joining us this week.


Or-chide.


Shouldn't Laura lead?


And I'm going to use bonus action to back up fucking 30 feet towards the big-- yeah, towards the portal.


What? No, I was trying to say she had a little sister that had a similar incident and that made you try to protect Toya. I was trying to throw you a bone.


But it's okay, it's okay, no problem. I'm essentially like an improv god, right? So I'll just make something up on the fly. Just go from the heart. Okay. I like D&D Beyond.


Wolves? Goblins? Oh shit balls.


I'll do some investigating. In the meantime, try not to kill anyone in our party. If it tells you to.


Can you make yourself step out-- no, I said there was a female.


Oh, I rolled a two.


I didn't do that. Can I do that?


As a thank-you for Amy, she's an avid fan.


Okay, I tie the rope around the javelin.


You're a god!


I'm sure we can work out something without pants.


What the fuck!


Do you know where the rest of the crew is, Shayne?


Did the guy that you know use words like "preposterous"?


Are they watching Twitch by candlelight?


I need time to go back to the Pillow Trove, you guys.


As silently as possible, you come running up.


A few, though.


I never heard of that game.


Eight-- 26.


Just do what you're going to do. Ignore the gnome. Go.


Well, I rolled a one.


On the other side.


Doty's got email.


Hello? Oh, I'm right here.


Look at us! We’re like a team.


It may be a while, but we're trying.


How many horses?


Hand on the sides to get my way up closer to it. Looking for any traps.


(as Trixie) I would jump in!


Okay. Again, they haven't phoned me, so I'll perch on the handrail or door frame or something just above him and wait.


We've done a lot, we've seen a lot, we could tell you all about it.


I think we've all learned a valuable lesson.


I guess somebody at this table used to go to furry conventions.


Just thought I'd check.


Cannot. Okay.


Pickle wreck!


Haylie? Maylie?


Or just smash the cart.


Oh, it's right there.


Ranger!


Thirty-six.


Have we lost our way from- or at least the way that I--


Oh no. Don't worry about it. What was your name, friend?


Okay. Can I do this? I will just taunt it. I will use Vicious Mockery on it, and I'll just say: What's up? What's up, toothy? Hey, bite me. That's it. That's all I do.


Yeah. Make sure you can get out.


I want to be at Ren Faire.


Okay. Con save, 18.


Sapphire's okay, then? Is it clean? Does it have any acid still on it?


Okay, I have a 50-foot movement. I want to hit as many skeletons as I can by running through them and catching them on fire.


You're wearing an octopus, he's talking to seaweed, there's a Buttonbeard in front of us. This is totally normal.


Stab stab stab.


I think she might like me!


But can I stay as a bat and change other people?


No, we know. It's why we took you to a bar. He's lied to us, too.


What does the ceiling look like?


Yeah, and use Vicious Mockery on the one closest to us.


I cannot remember, but Caleb can because of Keen Mind. Brass: is that part of the alchemy that I can do?


Oh, is that you, Grog?


Naked Singularity. Not a sexual position.


No. I haven't, yet.


I feel like between Pike and Scanlan and I-- Well, look, I feel like between Pike, Scanlan, and I and Percy with his mechanical genius, we can figure something amongst the spells that we know to make a viable trap.


He is not a magic-wielder, as far as I know.


Mm-hmm, because I'm a planetar!


(sighing)


That's some door!


(gun cocking) Gooch shot.


Fabulous!


Oh no, she might die.


Fuck it, I'll stand up on the platform.


I'm going to push forward through the passage and peek over Jester's shoulders. I can see this guy partially hidden behind-- it's too early. I give a tug to the glove of blasting and I am sending out three Scorching Rays.


They all take a negative d4 from an attack or saving throws. All three of them.


No, that was just for them. I'm sorry, Yasha.


Oh man. Cliff divers.


But that shack is now ours.


You look okay.


The finer points are lost on me.


Is...


Hey, that's good! Plus--


I don't know how to feel about this!


As soon as she comes in the door, the door slams shut. Molly, get the window!


Thanks, Madeer.


Did you skip me?


Why would there be otters in the Shadowfell?


--you can do that angle so that you can just hit it and know which side it will fall to--


That's fine. What's the distance? Is it only Bad News distance, or am I within 400?


We can start on the roof, that way that gives us time.


We've got the earrings, so once we find a place, we'll let you know.


Yes. Just say yes.


Yeah, I even have a plus to my initiative this time around.


I can use evasion again, right?


You know, mainly dragon scales, but I do like to see them blown apart, so that part's merely for pleasure.


Oh, so someone brought it out and then was clumsy and lost it.


There were stairs, there was no up.


The right. No, wait! Which hand does Vecna chop off?


So this is a whole little city down here.


Right. He's a physician. Well, before we put a personal touch on it, do you people with sneaky abilities want to see what you can see in the windows?


Wait, if I punch you in your ass you'll get dead leg. Have you ever tried it? Yeah, I punch her in her butt and try to give her dead leg.


I hold the door open.


This is a powerful spell.


I don't want to watch a Tary porn.


Come on. Oh, thank God. 21.


Oh, I thought you picked that lock. The red one?


Just for the entrance, they are aware that there are several of us, we are just representatives of a slightly larger group.


It's super-duper weird. It's really weird.


So that's a 22.


I'm sorry, what's going on? We're all looking like you?


Well, we have a lot more than that in our party fund.


That's my favorite travelling cuisine entertainment.


Yeah, so 26 and 25.


Written through wine and tears.


I have it. I have it right here. Yeah.


Oh, I'm not there.


I blame the dice.


You don't know where it is?


Caleb?! What have you done to him?! What have you done to Caleb?!


You don't know that! This shit's in there tight. I take the Belt of Dwarvenkind, and I put it in the Bag of Holding. I put the Displacer Cloak on.


Do I recognize those cloaks?


We're all ear-pieced.


Is it dragon-shaped?


Yeah, you know, like one does. Fucking jauntily walk up.


I think we're already starting to make our way out.


I look at Pike. I say, Pike, this place is beautiful. It's incredible, and I don't think we would be here if it wasn't for you and your connection to Sarenrae. And I'm honored to be here with all of you all. And to see this place with Vax. This makes me happy. Just this moment. This is nice. (sighs) I love you all.


Hashtag so not blessed.


Alfield.


We can send a message to him.


Can I make two reckless attacks?


With advantage. Oh, wait. That's a d10. Natural 20. (relieved noises)


You and her?


Hello, darling.


Don't do damage to yourself.


No. We should keep her in here for now.


Oh, hit. With disadvantage?


(laughs) Didgeridoos?


There was a what?


It's a family heirloom.


I mean, the balls on this one-- this one.


All you have to do is live.


Guys, I got a little bit of a connection! And gone. That's all.


Stealth is 14.


Oh, I've got chocolate!


We're in the main of other creatures.


Yeah, rope, is there rope?


Ten to 15. Ooh, boy.


Oh wait, I can take my little-- my reaction, can't I?


And a 12-- 19, 20?


Right, in the other dimension that they came from. You realize Syngorn didn't originate here in the Feywild, right?


Look, Nott. And I reach down into the water and touch it with my hand. There is absolutely noth-- (yells). I just fall right into the water.


(Irish accent) Fatty Arbuckle! (laughter)


Right as we go, I start howling. (howling)


I'm sure there's lots of robits in hell.


Not that hard to hit? Has to take a constitution saving throw.


You guys get what I'm doing.


Like looking for drowned kids?


I don't recall that.


Do you remember anything about a kiss in your dreams while you were asleep?


Oh, it's hot down there on the ears!


So I just step between them, and that's all I can do, yeah?


Sorry. Pathfinder habit.


15. 16.


Slap fight!


Before I answer, uh, (accented) answer--


Don't we know where Dolan lives?


Yeah, of course, we're going to have you guys outside. How else are we going to convince him that there is more good stuff inside?


Everything went to shit!


Thank you Oskar-- I mean Fjord!


(whispering) Survival checks?


Do you have any more 5th-level?


We'll be okay.


I will also do that as well, following suit with everybody.


Yeah, formations are cool.


Yeah. I can make that shot. (ping!) (laughter)


It was a 20.


So I'll go to them at dinner. Okay, so we've had some discussions and I think it'll take us a little bit of time to get up there and do whatever setting-up you need to do on the top of the mountain, so we were thinking, if you guys are okay with this, of leaving tomorrow morning.


Shit!


Awesome. Okay, that is a-- and this is a-- Okay.


They're not used to you yet.


(sings) Thorn Whip.


Even with Sharpshooter? Even with standard Sharpshooter bonus of ignore three-quarter cover?


We need to get a really big piece of vegetable.


It's been a while, yes.


I won't be here next week.


I don't, immediately.


It's funny you should mention that, because I do need a second. I have to think about my words deeply and a long time, and even still, they come out wrong, and you're so witty and quick! And you can come up with things like speeches and songs on the fly in front of thousands of people way quicker than I can. It is not my strength, but I do know my strength, and I know each of your strengths. But not as well of each of you know your strengths as well as you do.


15 as well.


Right. And we really want to see the show. But, you know, we are really good at security, like all of us are really strong, and we could fight things that came up, too, so maybe it would be best if you don't take our weapons, and then we could help.


Yeah. Excuse me?


He's gone to Whitestone!


I'm going to drop Grog onto Vecna and then do my own thing.


Oh. Not a gloomstalker.


Did you know we were here? Did you get our message? Did you get my messages?


Can we see the ocean?


We can all do that?


And as long as we're close to that one, they don't know that we're here. They can't see us.


At least the baby will be safe! (yelling)


Yeah. The ones that went there. They do keep their skies dark. It's some kind of dark magic that we don't know of that keeps the sun away. They've enslaved men and beasts and demons under their banner.


It's been pacified.


I still think we should drop Tiny on top of the-- or at least, near the main illithid encampment to keep them busy. K'Varn's eye will turn there for a moment.


One more silver. Okay, I'll keep it low, too, because you're only doing the one. So I only put in one silver, too.


The first run that we're going to do-- they're going to be semi-episodic, I guess, like loose story line little vignettes.


20 damage.


Let's wait until the final--


Perhaps if we're quiet and stealthy. Can we be quiet and stealthy?


Yeah, and you listen a lot. I don't know much, but I know people. And I know things that aren't people. There's a lot more, apparently.


Can we take the barrel that I was holding the water in and stick it over the hole and then hold it?


Yeah, they're smooth, that means they were just like (slurping noises).


I don't want to deal with this.


I think it's Molly and Fjord.


I drop form. Just form. I tanked that motherfucking fight, y'all.


For a dex save if you fall off.


Fist full of crumpets.


God damn it, don't fuck me, Gil.


What are-- no, never mind.


As soon as Vax sees that, he starts running through the grass, up the slope of the stone.


True.


Minus one, not minus two. Got it.


(quietly) Give me a minute. (louder) There's a wooden screen in the room. I go behind it and wipe any oil left off my butt. (laughter)


But I never told you I did not read it!


This is titan.


What the fuck are we looking for in here?


You don't remember it, but you remember it.


We could drop it in Allison's mailbox and say, hey, here's all the proof you need to destroy Avantika.


Yeah, that's fine.


Uh, naga, I think that's how you say it.


Do I know the Iron Shepherds?


Ah! Oh, but we were about to fight.


It certainly made us opening a doorway so he can get into the real world a little bit more questionable.


And a new print-up.


Traditionally, the head of the house does dispense out the stipends anyway. That would be appropriate. I'm not even in the room, am I? Never mind! Sorry.


(deadpan) Yes could I have a drink, please. Just some ale.


But why do we have to go? I'm just kidding. (laughter)


Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you lived here.


Large groups of enemies, it's a great idea.


(pained noises)


It's far more.


Hit it. (music flares up)


I take off my hat and gladly accept the fire.


Oh, from hitting my frozen porcupine armor? That's not great.


I turn to Marius and I say "The Gentleman sent us? Gentleman? You a Gentleman?"


I didn't keep mine.


That is your power word.


At the--


Where is he?


Oh, right. Does Jester have that?


I know! Why did he say it like that, like it was--


Someone’s going to have to go make a distraction and then make it back.


Oh wait. 15, 19. Plus ten for the Blazing Bowstring, so 22, and then what did you say?


Oh, I'm going to be buying some diamonds. I wouldn't worry about that.


Same to you, Asum.


There's always a big mama spider.


30 gold feels like a lot right now. Just saying.


You talk!


Uncle Randy! Yes, you know about him?


One of which is whether or not our friends are alive.


I can ground him.


Okay. Oh no, that was a dex save. It doesn't matter.


I take off running through the doorway!


Be bold.


Naughty.


All the love in the world to Frank Miller.


Puppetry. That was a real faery, guys.


You went under the table.


That guy's crazy!


Nott is double speed and has a ring on for water walking.


Oh, that's considered the-- aw, I could have been rolling twice for all these damn things!


Okay, yeah, I'll try to back away.


Who did? (laughter)


Excuse me, Nott, are you taking the piss right now?


Hey, you did good in there.


Let's go tell the others what we've found, and then we'll come back and decide which way to go.


26 points of bludgeoning damage?


I will use Mage Hand, and he's just got the one lantern down there?


Let me just think about this for a second. There's the third pantry. The third pantry could possibly work. It has some just mostly-- no, no, it's full, we can't use that.


Yeah that was at the High-Richter’s.


I thought that was three, no?


In her face?


We're waiting to see if he's awake or not.


Are any of them Lady Kima? Because if they're not, they're about to die.


It's six, so--


I'm carrying a lot of stuff. Without my gear, I could probably do it.


(singing) It's all right. (vocalizing)


Sure. No problem. Yeah, way high. 20-- 33.


You could break your tooth.


Rimefang?


Okay. I feel like he had a good insight, but the hand does bad things, right?


Yep, that sounds right.


And also, you're right in front of the scrying circle.


Okay, okay. Oh.


Shut up, shut up, shut up! Shush!


In that case, I'm going to take a few steps behind that frozen creature right there. I'm going to pull out Bad News.


Is it charm, by any chance?


They're not actually whales. They're orca.


I do not! But he's a firbolg! He is one of my people! (gasps) He is a firbolg. This will be good. My smell bag was right again!


(singing) Hold on to your love--


I will move towards it with you.


It doesn't even hit!


Oh, I'll do that.


I am angry, frustrated, and violent, and so I'm going to try something new and drink chocolate milk, and listen to you and do whatever it is you think is best at this point. I don't know what to do. What do we do? What do I do?


That ring better be there!


I'm not terrible, but let me do-- shit.


Towards the what?


That's back up.


I just ordered another fruit platter.


There's so many. I'm trying to pick one.


Look, they're your people, so I'll leave it to you guys, but I don't love the odds.


Okay, cool. Great. That's all I care about.


Yeah, you two up top.


Molly, I have a question. What made you guys set up your tent here?


Dexterity saves? That's not good.


Seven times.


Being alone is sucky, right?


You could also chat with him and I could walk over and take it.


So Frumpkin is pinwheeling in front of all of us leading the way.


Cheeto dust sprinkles out.


I hope he can hit a wall.


Just a little bit cooler than before. Just a little?


Yasha and I are going to flank his head.


That's fine, I'm going to take a slash at that spider with my sword.


Duskward.


Yeah, he seemed very interested when he brought it up.


Is it a gargantuan monster?


Okay, yep. Good. We're inconspicuous with a big fucking horned owl on your arm.


That was, of course, a scene from the one-act play that you can see later tonight.


We're going to Zadash.


Yeah, we don't know what happened.


Are you checking on Lady Briarwood?


For now, we work together to figure out his problem.


No, he's great, though. We're instant love with him.


You'll partake.


This is with the good sword, so this-- ooh, so this is (counting) 13 points of damage?


I'm going to go with Grog.


Okay, and I start to help, who was pushing Kima? I'm gonna help push Kima out.


Oh, he's warming up to it. I think he's liking it.


Travis, are you going to be reading that weapon for the next week, aren't you?


But I've got his foot. And I'm heavy as fuck. Well, if Fassbender weighs, what was it, like 1,200 pounds? 2,800 pounds?


Very close to here, actually. Would you know of a way to rid ourselves of his weapon, of his tool?


Oh, it was 64 pounds. (groans)


(singing) And I like to do drawings.


You know exactly what I did. Is he reaching or is he--


Where's it coming from? What area?


Caleb's Detect Magic would probably pick up traces on my bracelet.


Burn it. Not the book, Laura's die.


Yes, it does.


Oh. You think so?


We might. Depends what he asks. Yeah, let's do it.


I'm religious!


Of course not, and I don't want to make anyone feel uneasy. Again, trying to be as transparent as I can. I don't quite understand, and I appreciate your patience in advance. And I make it vanish.


He's the invisible friend.


It never occurred to me to do this before, for some reason.


Yeah, I thought the trench was to thin the herd.


Yes, quaint really.


I don't know about this.


Get her off the ground! Get her off the ground! As I spit on him.


Okay. I'll hold up the hand crossbow, point it in Yasha's general vicinity, and say: I'll finish the job, sister! I will fire at the ogre.


No, not in the bag of colding.


Okay. I think it's bad.


Yeah, I feel a little nauseous, and it's not just the kraken.


I will step forward and say to the beast  How does the Lucidian Ocean say goodbye? It just waves. And I'll cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on it.


I think my best use-- I agree we need to get out of here, but I'm going to--


Does he look familiar to you?


I totally know he was (sings) dancing, dancing, dancing!


Turducken of the Damned. (laughter)


Oh, great! Thank you; I'll go investigate that. And one other thing: you know those books that my friend was asking about? Could we maybe make those happen for her? I know that you had quoted her a low, low price of 25. I'd be prepared to pay even more than that for them. And compose you a little song about yourself.


I'll learn that spell and I'll check it later.


11 for the first one?


Why not wyverns?


Is he going to be affected?


Are they happy?


No, not anymore. They got--


I'm not a victim. I'm going to kick butt as soon as I wake up.


Oh yes, you’re right. They only saw my real face, so maybe that’s okay.


I'm cold and I still haven't been paid.


Yeah. And he saw that I was and decided-- we left. He took me when I was little, and we left. There was a lot that happened, but I didn't know where they were because they travel.


And then I'm going to Toll the Dead on him!


Yeah. His heart beats once a century, so let him go.


I was so soft.


I want to be in the trenches.


I'll rifle around looking for any keys or objects.


Just watching.


Yeah! Anarchy!


They know we're up there, but Kima needs her stuff, and we need to kind of put an end to this problem.


It's like a steering wheel!


As the hooligans are getting ready for bed, I wanted to say to Nott: You know, I think, for obvious reasons now, I have kept a lot of things close to the vest, and those things are out. If you ever want to talk about anything-- now or later, after you think about it-- you are my friend, and you can talk to me-- if you want.


Close. Close. Kuthrek.


Oh, okay, I thought we had put them back up.


She would like to rage.


I approve of this so hard.


Percival's suggesting letting them live here, building something for them underground--


It's a great idea!


Well, you're in the gray. No. Where are you?


Thank you, Sam! It's allowed!


Mamma Mia and Dancing Queen are staying with us.


Hey Yasha, let's go try to break through that grate.


No, but really. What should we fucking do? Should we go through it?


How about just a huddle up? Huddle up, let's just--


Ugh. That's a 12.


How about that one and the next one?


He rolled a 19. Which is good.


We need to get into the Briarwoods' estate and talk to them.


Yeah. So, like, two over in the spot before all that mess over there and two are in the other mess.


We would be getting our asses kicked by a group of werewolves right now.


I get 16 at my disadvantage.


That's coin around here, though. We might need it.


Percy gave it to you?


I didn't ever look in it. Because we just took it and set it aside. And I have this whole thing of jewelry. And I also have a bloody bag of gold and a bag of gems that I never checked in on.


Does everybody have their arms, that we've run into so far? Or are they missing an arm, too? An eye and an arm or just an eye?


I don't know what that is, but that's really cool.


Well, do you want to put it into the Bag of Holding and then deal with it later, when you're up against these things?


That's it? That's all they make, is salad?


Let's go down to her bowl.


Doing it now-- yes, we want to it now while there's an order of operations based on a die roll!


Paper bag. (laughter)


All right. I'm going to--


I take some teeth.


I look away.


Also, if we're leaving the chamber and there were all those people outside with the Percy sticks--


Wait is this with the shrooms?


Okay. Second attack. 18?


I don't know. But we do.


Pop!


Well, I can run.


I have 21.


Lead us there with smoke signals.


I'm going to crawl and find myself a seat on top of that stalactite. That's my first thing I'm going to do.


Are you sure it's related to her?


Zanror's baby mama is still preggo.


No, the elder, I'm sorry.


Hm. All right. Have we already begun our mission that we're on right now?


No, we're speaking insanely literally right now. That's what's impressive about it.


But nothing in the room?


You're confusing Entanglement with Grasping Vine. Two totally different things.


Roll for montage.


They're staying in the castle?


Just to come.


Nope! It's Thursday right now!


Stop-- No, no? These are-- Grog!


I can sing to you and give you an extra little roll.


I'm lit. I'm tight, but feeling good.


I think that thing is like, going to go.


We can please Pelor.


Okay, never mind. I am going to attack it.


I back away half my speed towards where everybody is in the boat. I move behind my goblin Freund.


If I skip around, will I be part of the show and then I don't have to pay?


That's not what I heard. I heard, Chopper, sic kid. (laughter)


Can we go back to the keep?


I look at Percy. This would be a wonderful place for a summer home. (chuckles)


He makes the lodestones--


Give her ten years.


Let's leave her. Ma'am, you must believe me when we say you are much safer here than above.


I wrote down 'black heart'.


I feel uncomfortable. It must be the emotion.


Damn it. Eight.


So we're in a hallway, a stairwell?


Okay, so I'm thieves' tooling on it.


No, I got that already. I've never-- Back when I did this they didn't have all this craziness.


But that's what you said. That's not what you said!


Nott, that's crazy. I mean, I'll try it, but I feel like it's much-- Do you want me to have them cook it? Have you ever had it cooked?


I offer to buy her hair for 100 gold pieces to use as a wig.


You could do a Prayer of Healing.


Possibly confused.


Firing with disadvantage? Screw it, I'm going to take my first one with sharpshooter to see if I can do any damage that way. Nope. Actually, that's a misfire.


I feel like she's taking part of me away.


Yeah, right? With the doves--


What do I have left of my turn? Anything?


I'm going to be like, okay, I'm going to do this thing.


You want to check? I can open the door.


Okay, yeah. What do you want? You want some limes? Some grapefruit?


Well, we feel dreadful about killing one of your pets.


Noodle arm!


Or like a tiefling?


I think that's a 21.


Well. If we come out the other way, then we know how to get back down here.


I like half that plan.


Halloween's the last day to submit, and then we're all just going to look at all your costumes and just decide who we like.


Could you point us in the direction of where your healers would be?


Again! (laughs)


Oh yeah, sorry.


