You and Grog I respect and fear the most out of all of us. You are cunning.


Yes. That big green light. Can, we can see it? Is it like the Luxor in Vegas? Can we see the green light?


I heard your voices cutting through the crowd. Where are Tiberius and Keyleth?


No. I'm not separating from you when we go fight a giant fucking dragon.


I'm going to shove them in his abdomen. Okay? I'm going to make a spot and just--


I can only do this thing once though, right? Or I can keep spending ki points to do that, right? I'll do it one more time.


I would prefer to do that than go down the barrel of the shotgun, but that's just me.


And he's up in his lair.


Oh, it's eight.


Because she's an independent woman.


There's lots of chickens, by the way.


I'm changing dice.


Well, just because I-- I defer to--


I think they're in love.


Nice job, guys.


Maybe not to Pumat Sol for a little bit.


Should we go out and tell them we're bearing gifts and shit?


No glowing eyes.


(cat noises)


I (ping) my Ioun Stone, direct Telekinesis to lift up the boat out.


Two minutes, can it be done? The answer is no. (laughs) Ready?


Go hide like a potato in the earth. Oh jeez.


I just turned it off. I got everyone to agree.


Does he ever get full?


He's a big bastard.


How about no diplomacy from you. Maybe Scanlan should go talk to them.


Let it come all the way up if it does.


Well, look. Before the rest of the group starts wondering what we're doing in the war room, let's go back up and whenever your sneaky ass thinks it's appropriate you (drip) in his drink. How about that?


So wait, he kissed you or you kissed him?


First turn I'm going to use the dragon blade to attack and slice downward and try to wedge that hole open a little bigger.


If there was a way to ask about--


This is only a reaction?


No. It really was more of a learning sort of thing.


Oh, was that a birthday huzzah?


I was looking for your letter to the Soltryce Academy.


And then I'm going to use my bonus action to flame on.


Maybe you'll be more impressive.


Just dies instantly. Oh fuck. Apparently white dragons are its weakness.


We did. Not my hands. Just my toenails.


Designer.


(yowling, then slurping)


That's a lie because I said Spike.


How long does it last to cast?


And I have an axe. Let's do that instead. Can I find a really tiny tree and start hacking away at it?


You're the one that was most adamant about us going there.


(sings) Primeval Awareness, over.


Why do I get sneak attack?


When I heard she was leaving, I went out looking for Pike, and I've come up to where they are.


I'm scared to hit the giant with it. Because I want to do Conjure Barrage, but I'm afraid of the giant.


My sister, everybody.


He's a mist.


All right, let's take another shot. Same thing, burning a grit because fuck it. And let's make this one-- these are not the right dice to roll. I'm really nervous. Let's make this one a sharpshooter to see if we can pour a little more pain. Natural 20. That's a crit. Let's get that grit back.


Yeah, we're here. Is there a hitching post in the front?


Terrible. I don't have any sort of advantage, right? 11 points.


I'm hanging by Keyleth in case shit goes south.


That's fair. I haven't been. But I also don't-- I don't have anyone. I have to take care of myself. That's all.


If I go to the right, will I clear out of that flying guy's line of sight?


And we are desperate for knowledge that may keep us safe in our travels. Prepare us for our enemies.


Could you do me a favor?


He was the captain of their guard.


No, don't say it, don't say it yet.


Your speed is halved while you're within 15 feet of me, and the creature enters the area for the first time or starts its turn there.


Who is Tooma?


So Seeming on everybody but Vax, right?


Have any of those things been invented yet?


Okay. So I will cast Stoneskin. It lasts an hour, so I'll cast it within the perimeter that we think we're going to get hit.


I still have Control Water up, correct?


Why don't we let him say what he was going to say?


No, this is great!


That's arguably terrifying, I'll give it to you. I was a little wrong, just a little.


Nope!


And you must be Zahra!


Hunter's Mark?


It should be 'ermahgerd,' but whatever.


Look at it go! Wow! (laughter)


Oh. It's a very well-made safe.


But no, we have to convince them not to do this tomorrow.


Osysa. If you are aware of this knowledge, then you know that Vasselheim is one of the only remaining cities still left standing. Are there any other services you can offer to help us fight this?


Oh, okay. Got it. Well, it was the second one.


The Toll the Dead vibrations going through the water so all of us can feel it.


That's fantastic. I have a plan. Also, I've been curious about Targeting Shot-- If I use a Drop Targeting shot, that won't work on him, will it?


No, no, I'm joking!


I'm going to take the skull out of the hiding place so he doesn't see where I'm removing it from.


Is the kitchen even functional here?


Tar pits.


Percy tastes blood.


Come on, Laura Bailey.


(garbled) These cookies are really good!


I can try this though! Hang on, wait, that was five charges. No sorry, six charges. Burning through all the charges, but I don't care.


Oh, I thought it was a cave.


Before we walk in, I grab Grog. How do you do it?


That way we're all not crowding through one door.


I don't think the hand comes off unless the person goes.


And set them off at the same--


There ain't no fucking port around here, motherfucker.


Like the little things, the prongs. Do I see anything like that? I want to try and do a-- like a grasp-- like Thorn Whip myself to the ship.


There were the two.


I'm regretting that I hadn't been thinking about it until today.


Let's look for giants. Let's go giant-hunting.


That would be hilarious.


You're so creative.


Giant's bone?


So you're a traveler then?


You couldn't buy it for me?


For the record, we're hiding all of our valuables. If that's okay. Making sure everything is stowed. I would assume we're hiding all of--


Look how far I've come!


That wasn't quiet.


Could I look like Grog?


And flying in the imp-covered air.


How far is it across?


I'm going to stay back, and put the Grand Duchess over on Keg's shoulder.


I do! (laughs)


Oh, okay. I'll climb down.


I don't know what the right decision is, either. Do you marry this woman to fix decades of terrible decisions?


Let us know in the chat guys.


Shit. I walk back.


That could be a nice change of pace.


Well, we should go--


Actually, is it close enough to me that I would have taken a swipe at it anyways?


No, I mean, straight towards it.


Yeah, I didn't do nothing.


Does Vecna reside there?


You can't look at it, though, today.


I think it's like a million gallons.


Steady as she goes, Percival.


I go up and head up to the room as well.


Oh yeah. Uncanny dodge.


I can make the chasm look like it's solid ground--


I see a lot of blank stares at this table. I wasn't very familiar with them either. There is an entire city in the underdark beneath Kraghammer. And... ... in their midst was a beholder that was controlling the entire city. We ended up destroying it, barely escaping with our lives. Fleeing the city... destroying a god? I think.


I have now had eight hours of sleep, which is pretty magical.


A whole boat just for a message?


Vault or the armory? Those are places that we can go?


Level 12? Are you at level 12?


Trinket needs to go in the necklace 'cause of the odd man out.


If I'm, like, down at that level then I don't really have to do that. I'll cast Alter Self though.


Thanks, man.


Well then, like me, flying there would not be an option. We'd have to stop, rest, walk, sleep.


I wouldn't care if we left now. I don't think we're ready. I think it would be foolish. I learned a lesson yesterday. And I'm anxious to die, don't get me wrong, but I'd rather win, if we planned a little better, than lose.


Stupid phrase.


(gasps) For archery purposes?


Can we start? He's been here for a while. I'm sorry to bring you into this so quickly, Pike.


Vigorously pull on it!


(whispers) 19.


No, he has tough nuts. Never mind.


Hopping on an eagle.


Okay, with a thank-you in advance and afterwards as well.


I'm not technically.


Maybe I could give back that letter and he can give us a new letter! Because you don't even want it anymore.


The faster we do this, the faster they leave, at the very least.


Don't tase me, bro.


It says that this thing has two types of feeding: one is slow and unnoticeable, maybe, and one is quick with much pain and anguish.


Yeah, you did!


One's on Scanlan.


While he does that, I'm gonna go ahead and turn into a cave bear.


I need the carpet.


Ah man. I guess I'm going to take 60 feet of running to find out what that commotion is on the other--


She's like, "Well!"


Are you going to be honest?


Wode, and Wade, Yrat--


Wait, before we do that, didn't you do something that gave us an extra amount of hit points before Kevdak?


Clink! Take her staff and clink weapons.


Pikey!


Oh, it's fine. There are tunnels collapsing and shit. It's fine. I'm not concerned about the noise at the moment.


I'm going to be using Uncanny Dodge for the first time.


We move on.


What was -


(whispering) Wow.


We want to hurt him!


No, I can tell, his body language is super chill for a duck.


What I thought is that I could cover the rune with ice and merely step over it. I didn't think it would dissolve my ice.


I am in the acid.


But he's got armor on. All right, fine.


This is a fairly shitty situation.


Oh, where am I?


(wailing)


That's what I heard, too.


Here's a good plan. This is a good plan, though.


Okay. I didn't say Blazing Bowstring, so it doesn't count. 14 plus one lightning damage. Yeah, sneak attack.


The "west" of the way through it in front of Percy. Yeah.


Or a blacksmith. I feel like a blacksmith would be more--


There was a very big battle. And Grog beat Kevdak.


(grunts, spurting blood noise)


I saw the episode, too, and it was really good.


On a muddy road, probably not very useful.


Yeah, I mean I will move the boat closer up.


And no perfume on the letter.


That’s a lot!


A lot of keeps have been ruined. Guards might be looking for work, actually.


I'm trying to bite Grog. I am not happy.


Not locked.


It reminds me of what happened to Pike before.


Can I Hunter's Mark him?


We're holding hands, I'm leaning way down on the side.


Boss.


He's ready for more responsibility, right?


Oh, it is?


Which way did the creature go?


Oh look, there's somebody laughing and giggling on the floor.


I'll take care of it. I'm the one touching little red things. 295?


And that's very important, because we need them on our side.


Try it. Give him the book. Give him some paper and a pencil.


Baron Samedi?


We camped out right before that.


It really does smell like home.


Okay, and this guy over here, who's like (growls). Is he angry at us, too?


23 for Grog.


In the shape of Madeline Kahn and it's out for blood.


Do I get an attack of opportunity?


I can come-- Oh. Are you really?


You can do that.


Oh yes! He took a position of authority while you were gone, and he rose to the occasion.


That guy, yeah. Go get (stammering) do it again.


Well, I prefer the harder stuff, but I'll take what I can get at this point. Yeah, I'm sticking with this fucking accent for the next two years. (laughter)


Getting a handle on my armor.


No, it wasn't a thousand.


Thank you, Joe. Thank you. It's gorgeous.


And the first pact, the scribe "enables safe passage into the depths of Mentiri, specifically the Bastion of Flesh, unharmed." I feel like that's a little thin.


You know that page that you were telling us about that says, the three land masses might be the Grand Archipelago? Maybe, when you're translating, that becomes four land masses and a different place?


Let's go down there, why don't we camp in the cellar?


Pike, do you have any 3rd-level healing spells?


I'm sure he'll give you half of that.


Do you want to hold on to your letter, Fjord?


I'm going to roll a tinker check, at some point.


There's a creature inside of her.


How many feet away am I from them?


Oh yeah. That's uh-- sorry. That's a weird little-- I actually don't have their attack information still.


Participation.


Well, she's not here. Can we make an exception?


Rissa knows the town, though, she might be able to help us scout out this prison.


Then I will not risk it and I will just Fireball good old Sondur, I guess.


I think we have yet to meet the warden.


The Firebrook.


Is it going to be open at night?


Pike's not the only one cashing karma points.


That's 20, that does not hit.


I'm going to go look for Allura.


How time flies.


The d20s talk to each other and they know that you're not true.


Did we see those other ones over there?


Plus his dex, so nine total.


"You're spired!"


We have two down.


All right. Hey! Shoot an arrow at me!


Wait, are we going home or are we going--


I walk briskly towards it.


It would be called Sharpshooter.


The other guard?


Well, then we'd know where she is.


Yeah. See where he is, what he's doing.


Really turning around. Really turning around.


Pixie's fine?


Still at advantage, right?


Me, neither, it happened one time, so.


If he spots us, we scatter and spread, but.


Should we try it?


Now that is fucking great.


Can you do that, Mr. Caleb?


(counting) 28 on the first.


You're with us. You're with us.


And foreign. Have a good day.


Oh, goodness. Okay.


Grog, can I have your jug for a moment?


That sounds cute.


I want to be helpful.


I regained three.


Doty, Taryon, Scanlan.


It's called the Slayer's Cake!


The arrow?


I forgot about that.


This one goes to nine.


Okay, so first attack. 15.


Yeah, under short rest, not hit--


No, I used the one that rolled on the floor.


And my hand is on--


This is not the woods. This is a bog.


Right. Dry aged. Really get a good hickory chip under them. Problem is, people might be dying in the meantime. So if we could find a more expedient solution?


I was next to go, but that's still good.


Like cookies in bed.


Is the owl the natural predator of blink dogs? Or would the owl--


Should we stealth through the mountains, just in case they have any kind of lookouts?


We're the rescue party.


Yeah, that fight could've gone terribly, and we pulled through as a team.


I'll mirror Avantika's movement on the other side of the room.


Well, I think that they think they are looking for potentially big fish. I'm not saying that we are big fish. But we might be walking into a trap, so eyes on a swivel, is all I’m saying.


I'm going to say what my favorite part of D&D is.


I run up and I give Percy the biggest hug. Percival!


Sure you don't want to--


Yeah, we all know.


I'm walking up to the barkeep and I say, Hi!


Ooh, that's nice. Take an extra nine points of healing.


Desmond. Looks like there were some executions that took place. There were about eight bodies hanging from that tree.


A one?!! (laughter and yelling)


Yes, that one.


Character voice.


Are you Gladys?


I think your penis may have more names than I do, I'm kind of horrified.


You were never wanted. Back to my question--


With my bald head.


Let me touch you.


As I'm moving, by the way, it's minor, but I take out Clarota's (sniffs, groans) metallic cap and put it on, and I also whip out this other cloak that I've been looking at and whip it around. You're not here. And now continue on.


Even though there's my Control Water current going outward? Which lasts for ten minutes!


Kind of like gnomes.


Blow that head!


(garbled) 23.


Can I do a scan and see if I see anybody responsible for making the vines move?


Disadvantage on whatever roll.


We could push it, too. I'm good.


(bird call)


14 points of damage-- I'm sorry, 24 points of damage plus two points of psychic damage.


Apparently our ambition has no limit. Both it is. (laughter)


Yeah, he doesn't care.


Before the spell ends, a target can roll a d4.


No, but in that I have an order ledger?


I'll give it back. I just want to test something.


So that worked?


Yeah, it's nice to be on the road.


There was nothing fishy in the card shuffle, in the cut, was there?


You're delegating, that's good.


Better! 30.


How do you even have strength for this right now?


Including the armored one or no?


Hobo bindle.


No. He already went down.


And I'm going to burn an Action Surge, so I'm just-- I finally get it, and it just starts going. And I'm just going to empty out the chamber.


I have a plan. It will take a little bit of time, but it's vicious.


Doody, with a Y.


I've always known that about you.


Which side?


Hashtag bitches in lava?


The damage or to hit?


Live a video game while drinking with your friends.


Which is why I'm asking you and hoping you make eye contact with the game--


On the water creature just to-- just for now I'm going to cast the-- Path to the Grave.


We're going to need one, y'all gave yours back.


Hi, hi Liam.


A reward for this? I'm listening.


Yeah. In! Out of light. Out of the way.


Attack the one next to Beau. (coos) (laughter)


It's a magical tent.


Desperate times come for desperate measures. Call for desperate measures, rather. Here's the thing: if it comes down to it, it gets bad, I can pull you out of there, hopefully. It's not off to a good start. You slashed up Vex.


Did your voice just crack?


Very true. There is Critical Role live Vox Machina t-shirts.


We're going a different way.


Did he let me in?


(laughs) No pressure now--


Can we hit the table like we're tilting a pinball machine, and knock him off?


I'm doing a title run. I want to figure out the organizational system before I touch a book.


That's what I thought. Checking.


Plus three for shark.


That's really useful information.


What were you doing on the docks this evening?


PJ's, mimosas, and very old puppies?


Phillip, do that thing where you move your pecs up and down! (laughter)


Oh. Well, I can't see anyone who's alive who I haven't Dominated already, except for the guy under the dire wolf. I will remind all my fellows to keep one alive to spread our terrorist message and I will run out to the hallway and say, Vex, get inside. Because I know reinforcements are coming, I cast Stinking Cloud out into the hallways.


I don't know how! I don't have an eject button! Can I summon the falchion?


Came through in the black, not broken even.


I was waiting for it.


Oh, 150.


We're still in trouble with the law. I don't want to push that. If we have the gold, that's the safest path.


So it's like an ostentatious gnome door. Little more than is needed.


-- with my feet holding her up--


Look at all those elves.


Once a round?!


Dammit. Can I sniff it to get any clues?


I would say, if this thing is this close to me.


Nothing I could say would beat that. So.


Picklebacks!


Do you catch my drift?


So depending on how mean you wanna be here, I'm gonna take my 2d6.


Oh, really? They don't even have to make a wisdom saving throw?


That's okay! We can just do it now while people are watching you.


Super buff, and not just in the game.


Yes. Do you have money to take care of it?


Can we go to sleep now?


Cave first.


No! I've got this! I'm fine! I'll find the treasure! There's nothing else in there?


Okay, where do we start?


That door is still closed?


Yeah, I'm going to hide.


We were trying really hard not to shoot first.


Yeah, you know, we never talked about that. I didn't realize that, so today is your Geburtstag, today is your birthday.


She's been very tortured. Tortured, Keyleth.


Hi! Hey. Hey. Hey. So, can I shut the door? So I--


Yeah, don't they want all to be on my tour?


(laughs) Yes, it's lacy panties. (all laugh)


What?! Are you serious?


You gotta kill that thing.


This can't be the first time this has happened.


A giant baby rattle that's directly in front of it.


Two, please.


Ah! Lost one.


We love you, too.


Quickly. Quickly walk past.


No, don't you have a thing?


Don't set your expectations too high.


Black feathers.


That would be funny.


Thanks. We should go.


I can try and ground him. It's a strength saving throw, though; it's going to be tough.


Yeah! Have you ever read Tusk Love, Kiri?


Does he get a prize?


Badminton.


Yeah, nice job with the words and stuff.


(unhappy noise) Oh, oh.


Let's go in. I took a minor healing potion. Is that 2d8?


Like a magician, you just whip it out, Matt.


Something you have to stumble upon. It's a little hidden.


I need money! He said out of character.


6d12!? Holy crap, girl!


Oh, bartender!


It was so short-lived.


That was super awesome and I can't wait to see the outcome, but before that happens, I was standing right here when these two walked off, so I am waiting in the exact same spot for my sister to return.


The castle looks really badass. It's just off of camera.


This looks really big and scary.


(snorts)


We thought you were a dwarf.


I'm gonna cast Friends on Grog.


I'm going to do it at a higher level, I'm going to do it at a level five.


No, Beau could not meditate for two hours. No. I meditate for ten minutes, tops. Then I go back and-- I want to train Professor Thaddeus to come when I look regal and hold out my arm.


It means--


Actually, the one I killed turned him--


"My buddy Scanlan."


How long ago was this?


Definitely, we should all kind of surround the box, sure.


(whispers) I can perch and take him out with an arrow.


Um, it was...


They all do?


Four. Four for those two, do I plus five to that as well for the--


Yeah, I mean, you could--


Welcome to the world of tanking.


Have you ever been to the Wayfarer's Cove?


I have a bit of a chip on my shoulder.


Jester at the very least is going to cast Spare the Dying-- is going to grab me in the Feather Fall and cast Spare the Dying.


Sorry. But your Chain of Returning is attached to your blazing warhammer now.


(mispronouncing) Wind walk? Wind walking.


My pants are down, as my hand was behind my bottom, just contemplating flinging some poo.


I'm not getting over that.


She's oblivious, completely lost. She's looking around like--


I'm going to inspect the gnome.


Those scars on your body. Were they from before you were captured, or after?


Shouldn't we ask Percy what he wants to do?


Get it, Keyleth. (cheering)


So wait, we get a chance to chat for a second?


Shank shank!


I would almost say, if we could give him the whole kit and kaboodle, everything that was stolen, top to bottom, with a note saying this is the full--


Don't underestimate him. He's really buff and devious.


Eight plus two, plus one is 11.


Just make sure if you start to feel strange as we go down there, let us know. And we slowly inch towards the effects of it.


Just watch closely, buddy.


I promise you I will give you all of your weapons back.


We have to save those ones.


Lead the way!


Oh, fucking hell!


Can I try and fight it?


There's lava!


Each one's a little bit different.


Curse you, doors!


Me Grog!


Ghost puncher.


Okay. I think that's a 15.


I'll pass on it.


Wait wait wait!


I think she said moving staircase, yeah.


You changed the deal. Take her name off the gun.


Also 21. I'm actually going ahead and roll my d8 with this as well. Plus seven, 29. Sorry, 28.


I parkour on the roof.


Drop it.


Am I rolling in it?


I guess so, yeah.


Or towards something happy.


There was no question.


Let's go! Come on, we've got to get back to the Tap!


No more stops. Unless it's for the theater, we're not stopping again.


They were ducks.


Oh. We're rarely who we used to be.


Yeah, I'm going to start looking through as well.


I use Thaumaturgy to make a dolphin sound.


Oh. I still go to bed. (laughter)


Could be nothing.


Fort Daxio? Yeah. We all join hands with the kids.


Frickin' lasers.


Should we set off, or are we exploring this place more?


Perch him on my shoulder and get out some more of the little boar meat we have in the bag of colding and feeding him.


Here's a pair of manacles.


It does. This is very bouncy. Okay, so 1d6, that's a four, plus four is eight, plus I get sneak attack damage, 'cause I'm a rogue. Another four, so that's 12. Is the creature bigger than me? I will use Fury of the Small. (cheering)


Let's just stop by.


We can do little arcane cantrips when no one's looking and break the rules a little bit. Of Vasselheim. Just cantrips, though.


Did I lose the big or the small?


Don't think too hard about it.


Who just rolled a natural 20!


--the children will.


Oh god. I'm drunk, tell me what's going on.


Yeah, there's four of them.


All these different things that you would do, it's just so different.


That's major!


Oh, but not like a cute little--


Just take a peek?


Sprinkle?


We're still in the lair?


So what's what? 20, we pick a card. One, we do not.


Just need another soul, man.


That... (sighs) What appears dead may not necessarily be death. And that with the shadow of death over the city perhaps there is life deep underground. Perhaps things that appeared ended and gone are perhaps continuing to this day. And may rise again.


I didn't take anything from your pockets. I really didn't.


Okay, so I'm waking up, and the first thing I heard was Grog saying, "Orthax or Ripley?" Correct? Fucking gods! And I'm going to throw down a Daylight spell on the nipple. The crevasse nipple on stage right. My stage right. Daylight on nipple, stage right!


By the way, this one, under her breath, goes, "Oh I don't like him, he stole from me."


I can confirm that that is indeed--


(counting) You get 37 hit points.


I mean, it's a fire hazard, for sure.


What do I need for that, for goopy stuff? Tar? I don't know.


She didn't remember a whole lot. She's been living amongst us for quite a while. In fact, she never lived in the Nine Hells, because apparently that was maybe vaguely offensive?


We're double-checking. It is still five hit points to splatter a cat.


Someone has been working on something in here.


-- selling my soul for power that I don't really need, because I have everything I need right here.


Like a big first letter?


Let's just walk, then.


Yeah, uncanny dodge to make it 14.


Maybe you should write another note and leave it on the coat that says, "Don't fucking steal this, you fucking looter assholes. Dead guy's buried here."


I'm running in my boots!


Stab him! Hey, what do they look like?


I'm pretty awesome.


I rolled a natural 20! Whatever. I'm being very honest! We're not going anywhere. But I do have errands to run. So, we're going to leave soon. Have some breakfast. I grab some bacon from Ford/Fjord's plate, and grab Nott and head out the door.


That's right. Yeah! That's a 24.


Two attacks?


Wait a minute, are there sewers in Westruun?


No sneak attack.


Oh, wait, do we have the necklace?


Would a headshot to those eyeballs actually be a thing that might work?


I'm doing what any good detective does, which is just lay the groundwork for the case--


Doubled.


Uh-huh, 15.


What about the airship? What about Captain Damon?


Ouch. That's a lot of damage.


This is 100% the spot?


Can I give the pillar a look-see?


Don't know who you pissed off...


Oh, you know what, Tiberius, I have been giving this a lot of thought and consideration. What's for lunch?


What did construction paper do to you?


Are you survivors of Westruun?


No, she's the most irritable!


(whispers) Should we go check it out?


Okay. Great. All right. Thanks.


Yeah, and the minute you take your turn, you can make a reckless attack.


We just started to play, and that happened, and... yeah, so he's a dragonborn Elminster.


We were just fighting a god.


That's better. 12 points of damage.


I loved it.


At the end of its turn.


It's a good one.


I've already burned it. I mean, we can still go underground, I have a tunnel built to a certain point.


Here's my bear, right here.


Of course they knew we were coming, we killed one of their--


So it wouldn't harm people?


He is the Whispered One! This is normally the time when Sam would--


We just walked out of the tent door and are looking at that.


That will be my turn.


If we can nudge it into where he's drinking, then box him in.


If anybody survives.


So we're in a larger chamber and it's in the middle?


Because I'm not a rogue?


We have in our service, in Emon, a wonderful man, who has been of great aid in battling the Conclave as well, and we learned recently that he was expelled from Marquet due to crimes in his youth and was wondering if we could maybe speak in his name and his regard, to you, to clear his name?


I'm not coming with.


Right, like drop a boulder down it.


It's lovely to meet you anyway.


This first round is definitely a surprise attack on them, right?


Okay, great. I will shoot it in the face. Ooh, not great. 12.


Refresh!


Nott?


Okay, okay, all right, so that's 28.


I'm going to burn through my action surge really quickly and reload and take two more shots. Two more sharpshooter shots, nothing fancy.


Just live here.


I can recall Simon 2. I can send him across the room, make a bunch of noise, draw a bunch of people over there. You run, grab the crystal, and then we hustle out of there.


Okay, so I'll have to next turn. Okay, I'll just call that clear. The last thing I'm going to do is I'm going to move away from the crocodile with all my strength, and I'm going to say: everybody pull! And I'm backing up.


It's sticking.


Yeah, you're going to be Grog, you've got to be bald.


I'm sure. You know what, Grog, that's an excellent point.


It says he does. It's written down.


Shall we bust it out here or do you want to talk in private?


Healing Word at level--


This is with a bow?


That's me?


Anything good?


Does anyone know?


It's all about trying to get into the sewer system.


You said "I want coffee," and you got coffee?


Please, just let me step into a bucket. (laughter)


But we won't be able to pull the cart. I'm really strong, but I don't know if I can carry that many people.


Oh man, it's going to hurt not to have you with us, though. Oh, well.


And if we were to make our way into it, somehow, what would our mission be?


Or constantly?


Bear trap! (all laugh)


Is it a radio play?


Into the city.


I think reinforcements are here.


Do they have a dog tag?


We were literally just doing that. And boy, I've got to tell you that you are really overestimating their fondness for me right now.


Okay, then I put the Immovable Rod, I tie it in, I hold on to the rope, and I jump in the water.


Well, you know, it's what we call a call-back? You know, don't worry about it.


A one, yeah.


What the fuck? It's further away. Trees fucking moved. At least it's further away from us and not closer to us.


I will use my--


The minute we get downstairs, I start pawing into the Bag of Holding.


Yeah, kind of.


Drensala Vis!


Dicks!


16. 18 minus two.


X-O Manowar!


17, with two points of necrotic damage.


26. 26.


Triple the wrinkles, triple the nuts.


Also, I'm vegan, I don't know if I could eat everything at the feast.


Now it's a horror movie.


Twins.


No! This is not good cop, bad cop. We're supposed to contain! Contain!


They could make a lot of soup.


We should avoid those, huh?


The pencils are adorable.


I mean if I took eagle form I could drop you and then I could just pick one up with my eagle talons and in the lava they go.


They're probably dead in there.


Right, why don't we have some of our ranged people-- I'll transform. I can transform into-- how about a giant scorpion? That sounds fun.


I'm coming!


More than 20.


Shadycreek Run. Where we were. You wouldn't happen to know where Jawgrasp called home, would you? Or where he was heading next?


You're thinking that he's hiding in our keep somewhere?


We also don't want to waste all of our abilities on undead.


Yeah. But what else are we saving them for? This is it.


Or he's chasing the ship and he can't catch up.


Ooh, starting out right. Woo!


I'm going to spend a ki point and do Patient Defense.


And Tiberius is--


Can I roll back behind cover?


So to get out of this form, we have to stop and like meditate in one position for a full minute. What does it dissipate without doing that? How long does it take?


(singing) Bigby's Hand!


Wait, he gets a full action and his companion animal gets to attack?


Well, just cover up your bits with it, maybe.


Good question! Who's importing more? Where's fashion week happening?


No, are we doing that?


Never seen it before.


I'm crazy! I'll bite her too!


At advantage because War Caster, right?


Nine! Are they mightier than us, though?


Do you have anything magic that could help me?


We'll travel eight hours.


That might be it, I don't really know. I didn't think that this would happen so quickly.


Yes. No, we're going to be pointing at the things that need to collapse.


I want to go to there.


It's a tough call. Twice in a row?


That came out wrong. What I meant was, what are you doing later?


How powerful is it? Because I can conjure something and it would be very-- too large for this particular--


This one's got a maze on the inside.


Rider.


I'm going to go into my workshop.


Yeah, 20-foot sphere. Jesus.


Could've been Kash.


And potions. We need potions.


With no advantage? I'm still a half-elf.


Well, we took a wrong turn, I guess.


We all spoon each other as a winged spooning circle while holding Scanlan while holding the book.


We're getting into Mr. Potato Head territory. I think maybe a simple halfling woman.


I'm crawling in the hall.


I've been trying to think of what sorts of buildings would be the most defensible and the least likely to arouse suspicion. Things with basements?


Let me wait until he opens this door.


How could you be angry at a horse, man? It's not like this is an evil horse.


Okay he's like a mind flayer, and we found him in a hole under a waterfall, but he's cool, but he wants vengeance.


Would he know? Could he be able to tell?


Yeah, a bug? Like some sort of something where they might be monitoring this place.


It's really cool-looking, right? That's why got it. How's it balanced, is it good?


Not good enough. That's a twelve.


Like vampires.


Like my hands?


If I can take ten minutes of this time sitting manacled to cast Prayer-- if enough of us are within 30 feet of each other right now.


I couldn't do anything else? Okay. Then I guess I'm going to stay where I am and-- Jeez. Can I hold my action? I'm going to hold my action until--


Oh no, Grog fell over. Oh my gosh.


Yeah, that one was real bad.


You guys are on the bottom of the feed, right?


What's an idiot?


That's awful. Thank god that dragon didn't freaking attack us.


Nature, right?


Yep! Wait, are you exhausted?


Next strike. That definitely hit. That's 24.


Do you want me to be a beholder? Or a dragon?


Let's do one more hour.


We are a little beat up and stuff.


We block it up completely.


Grog, it's only 9 30 in the morning.


Tell us all about the nature of politics.


We all smell like poop!


I feel like this is stupid.


Well, I don't know if you've heard of Vox Machina?


What was he saying about the bloody dagger when he was talking to Vex?


And I will-- Jesus, is it better for me to get out of there or get the king?


Yeah it is. So I just take my keen dagger and I shove it in his eyeball. 1d4 is two, plus--


Yes, 25. Okay.


Before you were so strangely interrupted.


Tiamat  she ain't so bad.


Oh, shit! It's like pilot season.


Oh! Fowl!


Or we can go up, a few of us, through the actual front gates and then meet up with everyone.


Aren't they stronger then?


So I have to get what?


I will look for weapons of any sort. Ooh, 30. Investigation, right?


You just got mad at me for pretend-marrying your brother, so.


It was just a bird? I go back to sleep.


Hi, yes... We've come from the above world. The normal world, let's say, to your fine kingdom down here below. And we were on a mission. We're a bit of-- I don't want to brag, but we're a bit of an elite task force, sent in by kingdoms and kings that you probably haven't heard of way down below, but anyway. I'll spare you.


Tell them!


Caleb is pissed.


May I examine-- without removing-- may I examine your device?


That is the plan here.


I look to my sister and grab her by the shoulder and squeeze. Then I dive in.


Wanting to betr-- yes.


At least we're not dead, you guys!


Help? From whom?


25 to hit.


Tell me you did it.


Percy, where are you going?


Come on, Burt!


Not a surprise.


But it's closer to 10 35?


That's good. She's great.


I will reload and fire again. Oh god! Should we count that?


Yeah, I know. (laughter)


I'll shake like a dog.


That's not a lot.


You're a third party, it's good.


We couldn't do this at all last campaign! Now you have to wait 20 minutes!


If we stay tight?


Who killed anybody?


I have an herbalism kit, I just want to-- do I need a special proficiency or get the ingredients to help make one. I do have the herbalism kit.


It would have been my first question, too. I'm not going to lie.


Yeah-- this is great.


--rounds of battle, Vax.


How's his hand? How's your hand, Desmond?


So if we stay in one place and this ale is like our tree, okay? We hug the ale and Kima will show up. That's my theory.


And a little bribery if we’re trying to go for something.


Is that all right with everyone?


I get to choose, it says it on this paper. Alternatively, after an attack roll is made against me, I can expend the fragment to roll an additional d20 and choose. So two plus whatever.


Whatever you want.


What about Black Widow? Do they have Black Widow?


Off the table now.


I think as long as the ship is prepared and has--


Fake memories?


Fucker. All right, Trinket runs up. I have a feeling this is-- and he is going to-- I don't know, do I get one attack and Trinket gets one attack? Is that how it can work? Or he only gets a bonus attack if I take an attack.


And for that matter, anybody who says we're not so different, that's usually a sign of a terrible person.


I have a question. The only reason I have this question is because I posted that video from a couple of years ago. Do I still have the unending rope?


Act like you're still picking and act like you hurt your ankle, and call for help from that guard over there. We'll protect you.


I believe it.


Good fake out. I like it. Textbook.


Yeah yeah yeah. That's seven?


Yeah, I'm sorry. And then, six-- 13 is the last one. 13.


Well I was gonna say, can we set down where we're kind of backing you guys up, holding the fort down while you guys go?


Maybe we should sleep.


Okay. I will cast Hold Person on him.


Oh, I can close it on and off, right? Like one of those things?


We do hear that.


Wait, that was on that empty barrel?


Oh yeah, c'mon.


I'll take the trident and unhook it from his armor.


Oh yeah! Advantage, she gets advantage on the next hit.


I invoke Duplicity.


Three times for a bunch of days.


Wait, one more time.


No, definitely the antlers.


Insight check? Oop. No. (laughs)


I'd like to take my Firebrand Warhammer and activate it. Ignite it.


Scramble up, let's go talk to some people.


Cool. Will do. (laughter)


Oh yeah, look at that. I don't think I've ever been there before.


Would you like more speed behind those sails?


Is anyone else going to be heading out the front door besides Caleb, Nott, and myself?


Are you going to sing that Diver's Grave song?


Tread gently and see if they react.


Move as far away as you can from the person. Also cannot take reactions. For its action, it can use only the dash action. All they can do is run.


Who else?


We have two carpets, now.


I'm looking in the windows.


Well, you've grown those forearms for a reason, so just go take care of business.


I was sitting in the tavern and then you guys came into the tavern.


And I'm going to take my bonus action to do Healing Word on the-- it's not Jarett that's unconscious, it's the cab driver. On the cab driver.


Wow. (laughter continues)


And the other one.


I can fly!


Of course he can, which is why I'm not saying anything that I wouldn't want him to hear anyway. I just don't want to promise anything we can't deliver. I don't think we could deliver Vasselheim; we're going to be busy! We have too much on our plate as it is.


Can I use the rest of my movement to drop behind the tree and go into a crouch?


Can we build a teleportation sigil directly above it? Outside of its range?


(laughing) I don't know any better, I don't know.


If he's here and I'm over here, can I fly up just there so I can see the front of him a bit? The angle of his face, if there is one, anything to see? Or is he facing out towards us?


We will throw the sticks.


We'll make do. We will leave with great haste.


No, like a real strong hug.


Copy, I see it on radar.


Yeah, she can totally hear everything.


You want to have a big bowl.


Correct. One last. It's small or it's boring, it's business. I need a dagger. I don't want one for free or anything; I want to purchase it, but we're a little low on funds. The reason Tiberius needs to go to Kraghammer is because we're owed a large sum of money.


Pike, Keyleth, do you make anything of this?


Yeah. I don't know if you saw, but his eyes and his nostrils flared when we mentioned Ulog. I have a feeling our small dwarf friend was involved in quite a bit more than we were aware of.


Now, line up. Line up.


Oh yeah, we can load it up.


Long and rather skinny, so.


Oh my gosh, she going to die.


I think I got a little in my mouth (gagging).


Since you're familiar with that trip back and forth, anything you would recommend us checking out? Just in case we decided to wander for a bit?


Hey Fjord?


It's not a dead person. It's a skeleton. It seems old. I mean I suppose it's a dead person.


I feel like I should ask what, but the answer's probably yes?


I'm going to open the light fully.


It's 20 gold for three people for an hour.


I had him in the necklace because it was such a tiny little boat, but now he's out.


Actually, do I know whose they are?


She's gorgeous. Hey, that lady, that's who I was trying to look like that night, you remember, when we were at the-- yeah.


Yay! Under a log.


Maybe not from her.


No, we were not going anywhere near the pressure points, by the way.


Strength or constitution? I'm not asking. Why am I asking people? Asking is for quitters. Still at disadvantage because of the close proximity?


I'm not repeating that word.


Do we need to do something with the comment cards?


Since I I haven't used this very much. The Disengage feat that the rogues have, is that a bonus action?


Impressed by what your mother went through, at this point. This is intense. There's a lot of you.


He's a freaking sponge. He'll be fine.


We are going to jet to the surface of the water. It's 60 feet around.


4.3 from the Russian judge.


It's okay, Grog. He doesn't know that you've beaten up a lot of people.


So what I'm going to do is slowly back down to the party, relate what I just saw. Three of them. What do we do?


Can I take it myself with a bonus action?


I'll allow it.


Let's destroy your hive.


And eight on the talons.


I mean.. Yes.


By the way, am I hidden in or outside?


It's Crystal Pepsi.


Then you're right, you should go in. Nott, you should go in, because you're going to pick locks, ja?


We don't see through?


At the Pillow Trove, yes.


Maybe you should say, "This is Jester."


That’s a couple days.


Yeah. Of course. It's got to be, right?


Okay, so in the water, click the boots, and the wings shoot-out, and I explode up, out of the water into the air.


Shouldn't have gone in that cave, man.


Gee, I wonder.


He's bleeding so much! There's so much blood!


Badass Hand-Smasher the First?


Oh, it's okay. My reflex-- I use my dex modifier for my elemental, correct?


That's mean, that's mean.


That's the wrong dice. 28 plus ten is 38 for the first one.


To kill the general.


Caleb sees it! Go away, Fjord! Go away!


To be fair, Kima and I had a rough start, too. She's, I mean, I love you, Kima, but I mean sometimes, you can get a little bit of, there's--


What about all those guys up at the top?


It's just for funsies and we go around and sample wares and things?


Wait a minute, hold on.


Oh, it could be another ship, possibly.


I think that's all I can do.


Would I recognize any of the alchemical symbols?


Oh. Well, that's not quite the same thing, then, what I saw. (yells) Forget it, my spell is stupid!


With the gas.


You never know, Percy, he does it all the time. We don't know how many times it's saved us.


No, you've been spotting me all day, I'll take care of both of us.


Let's just pay attention, and if it starts getting close then we'll deal with it. We're just not going to let it escape. We're just going to keep an eye out for it.


(laughing) Yeah, fuck you. Sorry.


I'm pretty sure this problem wouldn't have existed.


A teeny tiny little knife.


Oh no, my fingernail, that really stings. Damn it.


So I had a conversation with her, and I felt really bad because I wasn't as affectionate as last time, so I gave her this palm-sized ruby that was at the bottom of the bag. Looked really pretty, so I gave it to her.


Yeah, next Wednesday.


Yes. "Must succeed," so it probably doesn't do anything.


How long are we in contract with you? Just for this, or--?


(yelling) Fjord! (spoken) I whisper. (laughter)


Oh, that, you know, that wasn't bad. Woo!


"One second, let me check."


If I were you, I'd put it back. Or else it will be the last meal you ever eat, because I will find an abyss so deep and so far you will never taste a drop of blood again. And I'm not touching it. I touched it and put it down and let go and said that to it.


They'll grow back.


All of them!


You know, that's not a bad idea because I could burn the flesh and it would fuse.


No. Let's not do it. Okay. Passing over the trammel to Grog, is that a bonus action, or that's my action? Because I'm right next to him?


Peer into the scatological.


It's appropriate on occasion to leave people to a modicum of risk. Life is risky. It's perfectly reasonable to send people on themselves.


Can you have eggs, or is that not vegan?


Well, that's part of the plan.


All right. I'm going to attempt to grapple his arm with that hand on it.


I send Frumpkin to do a lazy circle.


My only friend.


But you were sent something very specific by a huge list of Critters.


We have over that. Because Vex and Grog are with us. And they have --


You would like to enter.


Sarenrae's very accepting of other gods.


At 4th-level.


I can go back and check in on them.


Oh. 13. I'm not an insight person.


Tune in tomorrow for So You Don't Have To, where Becca and Hector play the worst games they can find so you don't have to. And then Gather your Party, where we play board games with our friends, and it's gonna be a lot of fun.


Dragonball!


19 to hit.


Did I roll? It's good. Eight and eight!


Okay, forget this.


Okay, Vex, ready? Ready, Vex? Vex?


Or pick who you trust. I trust your judgment.


All right. So, just proficiency bonus--


Yes, of course!


(shouting) No one threatens a goddamn Stormwind!


Be whales, get the fuck out of here.


One ear's up.


Scanlan vanished.


So he's a dwarf. He's a really stout dwarf. He's got really a long, red beard that's singed off in the lower right corner. The bottom of the top part of his beard is braided and clamped off with all these ornate things. He's got these big, thick, ropey, white braids that come down on either side of his face and frame his face. And these have these really big Dwarven runes on them. Do any of you speak Dwarven?


I think let's all head up in that direction, but put Frumpkin first. I think Frumpkin ahead, but let's--


That's like getting your hand on it right away. It's pushing the button.


I also have both of my beast shaping, still, so I can always fly in and evac you.


Thanks. Yeah.


That's as Irish as it can gets.


He's with me, and he cast Featherfall.


Trinket's in the necklace for this part.


Gil has been a help today.


What have we done?


We head up.


He's well-behaved.


Since he's sleeping in the room with me, I take a few of the caltrops that I have and I put them on the inside of the doorway before I close it.


Either that, or he goes and sacks the city and we're like, "What does this tree tell me about this area?" (laughter)


You made me a hammer?!


This is the deal that we are offered. This is the deal that's on the table. We are in a tenuous position of power.


Safe than sorry, we'll just hold it.


Do I still have Pass Without a Trace on us?


I'll grab a couple of the fruit that were on the ground and put them in my pocket.


Wait, didn't we see further past that, 'cause that's where Grog did the-- (crushing noise)


Here we go, Scanlan.


Yeah, we do. We have 60 pounds of scales.


Tingly how?


They have an entire army to help fight Thordak.


Range is 60 feet.


We're still trying to draw them out, right?


We're giving you one last chance. Either you are with us, or you are against us. This is a threat.


Wait, Jester draws great. Jester can draw.


Still pretty cool, Beau, still pretty cool.


I see if I catch one. Missile Snare. I'm going to try to catch one of Molly's coins.


Oh. We didn't even friggin' need to hide in the tent! We were in a little bubble of air!


Okay, I've got to make a wisdom saving throw to not attack anyone.


She's already dead!


It's ice!


It's going to be a big day tomorrow. We should probably get some sleep.


How many are there, three?


Normally, miners build coal mines with connecting shafts and double exits in case one side collapses. You always want another way out. We just don't know where they've put everybody. We're here looking for villagers, remember?


This is so messed up.


Check on Lady Shithead.


Also, as long as we're in here-- I couldn't get in earlier, but we're here now-- there is a stop. I wanted you to go with me.


We'll want to wait until we have more of the others, just in case. I'm afraid the sewers might be being cased as well, so stay put for a little while longer, we'll find you a quiet spot in the Leaky Tap, but let me check with the others.


Hang on. Let's wait for the--


This is the second room?


I said yes.


Flying away!


Artagan. Did you know Sondur?


I bet you are!


Instant death.


Am I carrying him in, like it's no big?


Do you still look like me?


We're fitting to explore a little.


Maybe we should take a long rest.


Okay. I pat him down and go, we're good, we're good, and I'm just gonna make sure he's not a demon.


Where does she - where is - yeah, you've got a broom.


-- next to Clarota, push the dwarf against the wall, and say, our friend here is not as patient as I am. We want to know about this K'varn, and we want you and all your men, all your little mates here, to throw your weapons into the chasm, you can go fuck off, but we want to know everything. And this is your last chance. Right now, right here. Talk.


This is for diamonds? Ooh.


An athletics check with my eagle. Is that dex or strength?


Damn it, he's so cute. I don't know what to do.


Can you do that mend-y thing still? This is her, Pom-pom? Pop-Pop, I dunno. Glue the head back on.


Let's all go.


No. I'd rather fight over it than lose a check, just going like, "Uh!"


Yes. It's at disadvantage, so it's a straight roll, but I know it's going to be pretty tough. It's a wisdom save.


Who else wants to be on the cart?


So "don't fire at them?"


I've read it. It's so good, it's real good, it's so good. You guys, Vox Machina's story ended at this table, but it is going to live on and on and on-- at least for three more issues.


It doesn't. Just one. I cast Comprehend Languages.


Wait, but how many people can you do, because we also have Doty.


Come on, Perce.


Just let him sleep, let him sleep it off.


Does it start with an A? Sometimes if you go down through the alphabet, A, B--


Okay.


(intone "Semi-Charmed Life")


Sword of Fathoms?


Yeah. Since I have reckless, I can still continue to do it?


That's another boat. Are we making ourselves known or are we not making ourselves known?


I think we've taken up enough of his time. You've been more than flexible with our questioning.


Hey, Gil! Nine.


Am I fearsome?


I am so proud of you all.


We might have a bit of something at the circus, I don't know.


I've got land stride, so I don't get slowed by any hard terrain.


When we take a rest, can I look for Hieris?


Ja, okay.


Are we near the table at all?


Decides to kill Liam forever.


You made it to break, I think.


Or it could just be the main drainage out of the city.


Can't we look in the hole a little bit more.


Call a rental house.


Actually, if we both do that, maybe it's like going to be white noise.


I'll take my symbol back, put it back on, and say, this is something that I've got to-- this is something I need to deal with. We can't just put it in a Mending Wheel.


You just slap him in the face.


With books?


If you think long and hard about it, it's not like manners have failed us very often.


Yeah. I guess that's the best thing to do.


Mine's okay. 16.


I'm going to try it. I'm going to wade in.


Oh no, that is bad.


Oh, good call, good call.


Can I go and grab shards of the broken glass of the case?


You're so stealthy.


I'm going to start heading towards the stairs. I'm going to recommend everybody else, let's go.


And go down and check it out.


Eagle rolled a ten.


Is that the one you need?


Weirdly, there are no nipple rings. Those things are dangerous. They catch on shit.


Oh, this actually sounds like a plan, which means it will go terribly.


Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!


I bet he can help us. I don't know, though.


Whoa. Do I know if she can do that again?


Oh, brother, where art thou?


Yeah, I used one. I did a lot last game, but we were over multiple days. I used one this day. I'm about to use my second. (gagging noise) Okay, this is deception?


I'll take the sapphire back.


I will, yeah. (panting) What took you people so long? I was on a horse for what felt like days!


Fjord, is he with you? I'm pointing at the spectral guy.


-- to avoid the Green Sea.


They can see a shimmering door.


Spirit Guardians is four. Hallow is five.


Oh, hey, by the way. Take your fucking shoes off and give them back to me.


I'm going to cut his hand off! (cheers)


Thank you for the Shawshank obtuse reference.


Fastball Special.


So the building is empty.


Since bats can't see, maybe we should--


It's been so long! Fancy meeting you here.


That's sorta cocked, but that's okay, I'll take it. That's a five.


I'm going to go stealth, just because.


I don't remember. I don't have any in my bag.


Are you Vecna?


Yeah. (muffled yelling)


I'm a hippie with poi right now. Might as well be a pair of pois. Wah! Wah!


Don't kill him!


Or maybe it's always going to be there, haunting us.


Oh, fuck. He's like this.


Guys, we've had a really emotional day. Can we just sleep?


(laughs) I go over to Percy. Percy, how are you?


Can I give my idea?


And you are freed from any curse, disease, poison, blindness, or deafness. And I'm going to use the rest of my movement to go up and get in Vecna's face, as well, and be like, what's up? Oh hey, we're pulling an Alfred Hitchcock right now! Birds. Birds!


Good detective work, Batman. Real genius, this one.


We're going to go. We're going to camp overnight, yeah?


Laura, are you like...


Yep, yeah, yep.


Or if Vecna is a dead man. Maybe a book with Vecna's name on it?


They're literally scarecrows in the background.


Why do we need three people to watch Kiri?


Are there other creatures that live in the rift?


And I’ll tell you how much we have.


Is that all I got?


Yeah, and so one of us, possibly me, could use it.


Oh, wait, but I would be bait?


It's not water, Grog. And I keep casting it on him. It's fine, see. (splash)


Could you do us a favor? We had a small accident with Percival.


I'll walk over with her so it doesn't seem weird that my slave is wandering around, I suppose. I guess?


Yeah, but what is this about?


Was it Blemmy?


You could maybe go.


Disadvantage on attacking you.


That was your bonus action?


You were. You did great.


Different from what we have?


Even though I can't see her--


I'm willing to have this--


Big time. There's some people that we really want to thank really fast. It's our crew, and it's the people who helped put this on for us. So we want to thank-- I had the list but I left it backstage because I was too involved in what was going on. Okay. Dani, Sax, Courtney, Ryan, Rachel, Ed, Jamie, Danny, Ben, Chris, Fernando, Audrey. You guys. It takes literally six months to put one of these on. The amount of work and heart and love that our crew has put into this has been incredible. You guys are incredible! (cheering)


When I was helping the farmers clean up, I had this strange moment where I was walking through the field and saw a dead raven.


Yeah, the vampires down by the tree did this. They misted in.


Movement was to get there. Bonus action for Vow of Enmity. Action to attack, and then my hasted action I can use for dash, hide, disengage.


Are we synchronizing watches? What is this?


They're like Hell's Angels.


Moreover, Vox Machina over at Greyskull Keep here in Emon. We are the saviors of this town and whatnot. Anyway, that's neither here nor there. I went through this fellow, who I thought was the job of this fellow, but it wasn't either of those jobs, it was you who I've been needing to talk to, I'm assuming?


Yes, cheers to Taryon Darrington and his glistening armor and his flowing locks of golden hair. And I continue for ten minutes about Taryon Darrington.


There goes that beard.


We've got a limited amount of time on this.


If we're not all dead come tomorrow.


Is he 60 feet away from me? Is he within range?


When a girl offers you something, you just say yes.


Yeah, little drafts, anything like that?


Did you give me a pouch?


It's iridescent!


Chainmail dickies.


Die with hilarity or die not at all.


You tried, baby.


No, no, really, no it's fine, speak over me, I don't care.


Wow. Thank you.


And he has his clothing on.


Based off the last game, right?


I think that's the magic!


It's an okay name.


She doesn't even know--


It looks like there was more tongue with you, though, Sam.


It's so hot.


I am going to send Frumpkin dancing around people's feet to follow Yasha and Beau, and take a seat in a chair on the side of the room as close to the door as possible.


Looking up, deadless? Okay. Copy.


I don't want to interrupt. That's rude.


Why don't you guys just agree? You guys take this half of the forest, and they'll take the other? I can even help you guys build a big wall, if you want, not to get oddly political. Maybe death is not the answer here?


Yeah, I poop.


Plus 2d8.


I need stats on Lord Briarwood's sword.


It doesn't matter. No, it'll be dramatic and great. I plan to sacrifice my life for someone in this group who deserves it.


We got you.


Yeah, but for initiative, we always roll less.


No, we're killing cows, we're killing, we're killing poor servants--


Okay, devil's advocate, here  I really don't like dogs either.


We can try to move some of the rubble?


Hell yeah, they do.


Anybody else think we should fucking hop on a big-ass brass dragon and try and catch him before he gets there? What are we going to do here? There's nothing to do here!


I dunno, what the fuck do we do?


Yes! Okay. Was I wrong?


I'll make sure that he keeps it.


I run right through.


Okay. Good to know. I whiff. That's it. I just have the two.


Make an insight check. (laughter)


What about these merpeople?


I was about to walk out the door, but if you're walking--


The ducks. Yes, I know this about you.


We have a magnificent library.


Okay, she's alive.


I'm going to, in front of us, using Minor Illusion, I'm just going to create a floating bald eagle thing to distract the bats with.


Can we still Plane Shift later?


Oh! What is that? It sounds hellish.


Sweet, sweet ignorance.


I don't know what else to do. I'm stuck up at the top.


I mean, if Gustav has to stay here then who's going to run it?


Yes, kick them out.


That would be kind of amazing.


Sounds like a dirty business, anyway.


There's also a new Signal Boost, with Stefanie Woodburn and Eric Campbell is out-- ooh, there it is. Merch! Merch. Dice. Are out of stock.


Tell me when the Nein stops screaming, Clarice.


What did you say, Molly?


Well, what do you think?


You're toughening up already.


Do you know of any one in particular?


Okay, I'll just say, stay here, and I'm going to put up the hood and I'm going to dodge off in that direction stealthily.


Eight damage. Bad News has not come out yet! This is just my little Pepperbox.


I think he would too.


Well, that's just fitting, isn't it? No, I'm going to do the Platinum Dragon because it's next to the bathhouse.


First of many.


With my-- through my Hand Cone of Clarity, of course.


Do you want to take a walk with me?


Oh, he's taken over her body?


Yeah, no, I chased Sabian down into the hold of the ship, and he was messing with a package. I saw a fuse burning. As I chased him back up above deck, there was an explosion, and it threw me from the ship. It's nice to know that it wasn't a small explosion. A real motherfucker of a thing, apparently.


I've never seen anyone so strong and powerful before.


Can I do some sort of a check from a distance to see if I can recognize what kind of tree it is?


No, not a Dolce & Gabbana, no. Not a Kate Spade.


Well, none of those people are us.


I saw something subs for bears.


I'll helm.


Yeah! So he takes 1d12 necrotic damage! Two. It's a little bell this time.


She might be able to pass it to Grog, too.


It's just a visual, though.


To get more hands, we could either go back to the place that we exploded and murdered.


Would you prefer a real hand or a claw hand?


I wonder if it has a name.


I'm gonna try to shoot thorns, I guess, Hail of Thorns, maybe? Actually, I'm gonna try-- yeah. I'm gonna try--


And the shark.


I will have pointed them out, then.


Did anyone die?


Yeah, so it smells fresh and clean.


I knew that's what you were waiting for!


Help Pike!


Strength saving throw. Natural 20.


I pull out a piece of gold. Do you know where the volcano is?


Why would you even say that to the DM? You know how much shit he has back there?


I'm her seeing-eye boy. (laughter)


I thought I just heard you say you need a pencil.


With the jaggedy ends, or with the smooth ends?


Keg can ride with me, this is not a problem. If you want.


Virgin sacrifice.


Like Caesar's Palace?


Not me.


They never go away.


Could use a bed.


Is it like a puncture wound? Can I cast--


With a hundred more subscribers.


No, I'm trying to hear and whisper at the same time.


Would you rather just send Tiberius, then?


Wait, for two horses? Don't we need two?


What do you mean, Keyleth?


I'm going to go straight through the hallway and try the door on the left.


Do you want to offer yourself as bait?


Indifference is a pretty strong sentiment.


What are you going to say to them?


Can I do that to her?


He does have a pile of maps over there. MATT Shh! Don't look at it.


Displacer Cloak.


An extra eight hours to spend every Thursday.


Oh, Counterspell. 4th level.


I do ask tomorrow that we handle this little interesting tidbit. I hand her the documents I put together earlier with the titling that needs to be dealt with.


Shit. Do they look like cultist-y people?


I know. Believe me, I'm aware. I hand her a letter, and say, "Here's a list of every terrible thing I've got going on in this city right now."


No, Matt told me that, because of reliable talent, one means shit.


Silly? [dramatic music]


Yeah, so it'll be fine.


I want to do flurry of blows.


Help yourself to a frittata.


The troll?


That's right. Oh god.


I could use a carafe of wine.


So 61, 76.


Oh, that Lightning Bolt was so big. And wide!


14? Don't you have a shield or something? Jesus.


We have to take another short rest.


All you had to have rolled was a nine or anything other than a zero. That's all you had to-- anything.


Wait, Feather Fall, do you have Feather Fall?


The city was razed?


Mm-hmm?


It would be a wonderful thing.


First one is, after I leave here today, could you embrace these people?


My spell?


So it's the one I'm fighting?


Both of them.


That's our Grog!


With a little bit of Smite.


And someone will come and find you.


Yeah, it really was.


Can we count on you?


It needs to be empty the way it looks when they poke at it. So I think we should all spill out now.


All I've done is perform for him, really.


Maybe give it to Scanlan. Scanlan, do you have anything in your head slot?


Oh! You said it!


(shaky breathing) I've never tried that before.


Love me some chicken.


Jesus. Oh god. Okay. 27.


Okay, can I spin back after getting fucking bit by a goddamn spider, and can I back up-- 10, 15, 20. Does that cause anything to hit me?


A kid, just like anyone else.


So they've been in the dark for a long time, is that right? I'm going to cast some light as bright as I possibly can.


Like evil maple syrup.


Oh boy, ten.


Two years plus, man.


I think I'm done for the evening.


Acht.


Percy and Grog! Go, go, go, go!


Shall we hide, yeah, curve around so we can hide from the big figure up top.


You got this, Yasha!


Caleb summons Frumpkin the octopus and I rub his head like a Bond villain, staring at Beau.


The only other option is--


Yeah. Wait, is this a dog next to Caleb, what is this?


Thank you, yes. I don't like to get wet.


That's very interesting. Maybe, here, let's bring it down to the table, and we'll open it from a distance.


Are you sure? I can't tell. He changed the inside of the mansion. He's got a new dog sleeping in the sandpit. He called him his best man. You heard it. I did.


How's giving you one of my weapons world-saving?


The illusionary giant weird nipple?


Yeah, but he might not hit him anyway, he rolls for it.


I'm hasted. That's action number one. Action number two is to throw Whisper down toward the trees closest to you, DM, and bamf there, and use my bonus action to hide. I'll hit the ground, right?


Yeah, it is, it's really nice.


I have a thought. I have a coin, and whoever's holding the coin has that for the day. Then we pass it around, so you have this as a chip.


That was unexpected.


The Lavish Chateau?


While he is being a creepo, I go over to the two guards on the dock. This drunk piece of shit over here, he tried to attack me.


What the heck is that?


Doesn't seem so great now.


Could I get The Gentleman's attention and say: This adventure has been thorough. A name came up in our travels, and I was wondering if you may have heard of someone, a Marius LePual.


Oh, they're huge.


1500 gold pieces.


Well. (sighs) I mean. Hey, Shorty, you're our best bet here, I don't know anything about this shit.


B-E-H-I-R.


No! Not at all. It's just, I'm not sure how well versed you are in financial transactions.


And who's made of the most glass? Who's going to get hit the most?


Thanks, Sam!


How do you mean-- I'm not very strong, Nott. I do have things that I want to do with my life, and I mean to apply myself and study, and find knowledge.


Pretty much.


It's bad.


Are there any monsters out there?


But what if the buttons are correlated with the symbols?


What would you have done if I had just decided to open fire on you?


I think if we were a little spread it would help.


Not a little one. Don't gamble on those.


We won't see anything into it, though, because it's just black.


I don't like the look of it. Feels bad. Do I have something that can tell? Do you know? (laughter)


Oh god, she gets to shoot again! Misfire!


We met a lot of great Critters--


Abyssal. That's where demons come from.


So we can do that, but then we might wanna rest. Or we can do some scouting, take a look. I won't be completely tapped out.


It looks like she loves you very much, too.


Well, we got one more problem we got to deal with, which is your mom's problem.


St. Louis, right?


But you can't control its body?


Is that a natural thing for you guys to just attack each other in moments of stress?


I go  Just follow him.


Way up. Okay.


Then I would tell him then to swim back. If we, in our game, are allowing connection as long as it's not broken, I would just tell him to come back.


19 points of damage.


But I don't want to love an idea. I want to love a girl. And I think in all of this time of pining after you, I forgot to just hang out with you and know you as a person, and I'm sorry for that.


That's what I just looked in.


Wednesday, noon to 2PM Pacific Standard Time.


Okay, I'll attach the Chain of Returning, then, and throw the sword.


I-- Come on down and I say, good work guys. That was cool, that was great.


Yennen?


Of course I have my doohickus.


I don't know, we need to get rid of Kiri!


Yes, but that's a little forward, don't you think?


Hold on, I'm going to hold you before you go. I just wanted to say, I'm so sorry and thank you. And thank you for doing this for me. I fear my temper before this weight is lifted from my heart. I do not wish to lose myself like that again, and I am so sorry for everything I've done.


Matt, that was--


I mean, I really-- I thank you. (all laugh)


She Hunter's Marks that shit.


In my mind pictures? Yeah, I did.


I just won 100 gold!


There you go. Three beers for you, Grandpa.


(yelling) Her hair's so beautiful. Woo!


I was just thinking, I felt a little underdressed.


He's too good for us.


I'd say yeah. Just enough to stay in the shadow.


I'm going to try to move some stuff and see what happens.


I can shoot.


Yeah. No, just nine.


Okay. 17! Plus ten, yeah.


It what?!


I have the consumption.


Me? So it's mine?


Mosquito.


Oh. Pike.


Okay. Oh, I thought it was actually higher when I first looked at it. 17.


That's not how darkness works!


So the white one's like Predator?


He's a fabricator! He gets ghostwriters to write all of his books, I bet he does!


So who goes and finds the abandoned building?


It was an adopted sister.


Yeah, let's at least move for 30 more minutes.


There you go. Nothing happens!


And fire, but as long-- the combustion has to happen in air.


I actually have an advantage on dex saves that I can see.


Look at all these treasures he's going to find here for his candles!


He doesn't want jewelry, he wants arms!


The guy in red is holding the sphere. I'm going to try to knock him down and see if I can break his hold on the sphere, maybe? Is that stupid?


Terrible, but all over.


Dibs on the sand pit.


(singing) Don't you ever forget! (all laugh)


Has that ever been done?


Are you zoning in on the city, or are you zoning in on Vecna?


No, don't draw any attention to me, no, don't see me, no!


Oh god. Caleb.


Yeah. Yeah that, we're close, we're tight, she and I and-- she's come back for more. MATT "A holy woman?"


As long as they're on you, as long as you're holding them.


Hey, that hurts, Scanlan.


Kill Raishan first!


Oh, also, sorry. It takes bludgeoning damage from the attack that I gave it.


It's more of a metal-use forge.


Well, uh, you know what I mean. Who am I talking to?


Did he really kill them?


What's the gold stuff in there?


We'll find you a better weapon. I don't want you to die from something that's not worth it.


Okay, so we're going to do this. We're going to run out and cast Healing Word on Caleb.


Just checking.


And I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.


What? Why?


Well, that sounds terrible.


Hey, that's my magic trick!


Oh, shut up, that's so cool!


72 points of electrical damage, and then he's also going to get a bleed of 31. No, he's going to get a bleed of 15.


I think it was after you left my house last night.


Well give me, actually, let me rethink on this. I think maybe--


Man, all right. I'm in a good spot, I'll just throw three more daggers at the salamander that Grog has not yet killed. First one is a natural 20, the second one is a 13, and the third one is, aw, fuck, is a 14.


That really hurt, Charlie!


Okay, so you fly us in, and I'll Invisibility us right as we get to the gates.


Nothing, stones, the dirt? Okay, we're good. This place is clear. Let's get the hell out of here.


You are going to have to go into the woods, and meet something.


Okay, okay.


I think I can maybe do something about that.


We're moving towards the Gilded Run.


I'm one of River's little brothers. I'm Ludwig.


Just five.


Yeah. We can at least pretend to cower and be afraid of lizard men if we see them.


Well, you, here, for now.


No, that's...


That's a fair point. I stand up. Don't go through my things, I know everything I have. And I walk out the door. And I walk by him. She's going through your stuff, by the way.


I get the big cushion!


I'm going to become royalty. Kind of, but not really.


I rolled two twos.


Should we try to go towards the tree? Towards all the dead bodies?


Yeah, do you have some?


A demon.


Are you sure? Because I would love to know, maybe add you to the collection.


Sarenrae!


As soon as the arrows flew by, I'm going to dash across the alley.


I hand you my glasses and fall down.


Now, constitution save, right?


(singing) Watch her range.


Good luck to you.


Oh yeah. Pass the jug.


Yeah, tell him to stop attacking.


It's very freeing.


Can I take the tip of one of my paintbrushes and stick it in the holes in the ground and swirl it around?


Along with Delilah. That's fun.


I have rope. I have lots of rope.


Four score--


You piece of shit. Why did you throw it away? What a fucking--


(counting) Plus what?


Are they doubles? Fulls? Queens? Twins?


Melee spell attack.


So no hearts above the i’s then?


Chaotic good. Tiberius?


It's just you're so powerful.


Yes, he's got a bottle, plus, we've killed a fucking dragon. I know it's not an easy task to accomplish, but we're pretty badass, I think. We might have a good chance.


I take a sip.


That's a 27 to hit? The knight.


Oh, I'm sorry, it's just temporary hit points.


That's all of it.


Yeah, so --


Oh my god. This is stupid.


Okay, so, a few things.


I've been rolling 3d6, but it should've been four.


It's just blood?


Okay, I've got the stuff in my set as well so I'm going to just--


I take--


The old guy; the balding guy?


You're asking us to get her drunk?


How's the weather; is it clear or grey?


It was also-- we had a friend who did Jack Kirby and we got a fight sequence going.


I do, too, Pedostache.


Percival lives, and he's coming.


Oh, I'm fine. Don't worry about me, baby.


So that's a 26.


No, that was the second roll. The first was an eight and a 14, plus her modifiers.


Excuse us, lovely fellows, we have prior business. We'll be talking again very soon.


I should have used it on that fucker.


I'm also getting in on that. I'm looking for anything of value.


What do you want to rebuild? I mean, underground--


Is the sack on the ground now or is it still over his shoulder?


Oh, I missed. (laughter)


Are we taking a long rest?


Imagine, imagine the privilege.


I know. But I charge you to take good care of my sister and love her. And your friend Keyleth, love her, as well. She will need it. She will need friends.


That makes a little sense.


Plus, we still haven't found out about Vandran.


28, I'm gone.


Bloodroot is probably pretty good, though.


Natural 20, except disadvantage because I'm exhausted. 16 plus two.


Shakäste.


But then Vax won't be in the--


I think she's going to stay far, far away.


I'm Grog Strongjaw. I'm a goliath barbarian, level nine.


I'd be fine with that. I will command the specter to move towards the doorway and engage anything it finds.


Thank you. Go Yasha!


(whip crack)


Go, go, go, go!


Do you have any prospects? Any long-term plans, goals? Where do you see yourself in a year, let alone a week from now?


Too bad, no.


We are taking that bird.


Well, we'll find out when we scry on it, won't we?


I'm very thorough.


She's going to fucking kill this motherfucker.


Roll the dice.


We've brought gift.


So good! You.


Let's heal this guy. Can you heal him?


Meatery?


You guys, we got a little day-drunk. Let's go together. Come on.


I can still use Deflect Missiles, right, to lower it?


You're on fire.


Yeah, it could poke at things and you know.


How are we going to fucking fight something that's 600 feet tall?


Let's just see what that does, before I see if I even take a third shot. That's (counting) 18 points of damage.


Yeah, still really hungover. 14.


Best buds! Best buds, met at Big Apple Anime Fest in New York City all those years ago.


So that's just literally around this corner?


Is that Jester on the cover?


Yeah, you are. Vax.


It can't be anything bad.


It's like a crustacean beholder.


Let's not be hasty.


And when I do 3 inches thick, I can create 10 foot by 20 foot panels - it says the same damn thing in the book. You create a span of 20-foot length...


Keep going! Follow that thread! Pull on that string!


I'm using it as a stabbing weapon. I'm not letting go until he drops.


No, 22.


I've got both of those sticks going. I'm ready for this.


Oh gosh, this is so terrible.


Fjord hasn't gone.


Yasha!


They roam about.


I'm going to go ahead and drop him off.


Instead of putting another wire down there, you could leave Frumpkin down there, and he can alert us if there's any problem.


Underneath the tree, with the fish people.


I have some excellent cold-weather robes in my bag of holding that I would love to flaunt.


What was the thing about "fire or ice," though? It was like, "fire or ice?"


He's coming back from the other dimension. I rolled a nine.


We lived!


Oh. 20, then.


Gilmore?


That's a 15 naturally.


I Hunter's Mark him!


Yes, you were supposed to say something about giveaways or something.


No, we got our thumbs. Where is-- Where is Yasha?


On the side of the ship it says "The Mist."


Kind of. I mean, is that rude?


Well, I think we should just go.


Well if he does, hopefully they'll be inside their caves? I don't think he's going to leave Emon to come check out what's going on with Vorugal, unless he knows that Vorugal's dead.


Disguise Self? Or--


He hates our fucking guts.


Good deal.


25!


(shouting) "Lady Kima!" And I blow fire breath. And I use Control Flames to create a bunch of swords around me with fire.


Do you want to put it in the Bag?


What kind of element is a white dragon?


I literally can't see anything.


That's amazing. Nice job, Matt!


This is beautiful here, and I-- I look forward to leaving.


Avantika and--


Yes, we're going to go through a Dimension Door. I can take one person of my height or smaller.


What are you implying?


No, I'm just watching.


Does that mean he can't fire his gun for as long as the spell is up?


I think we obviously-- any friend of Scanlan is a friend of ours and I think if Dr. Dranzel here-- may I call you Dr. Dranzel?


And you know what I've left him.


Roll it on the table, that doesn't count.


Just slip it up your back robe.


Just slid down.


Okay. Pike, stay here. I'll take care of this.


We few, we happy few. (laughter)


Wait a second, though. Grog, that magic bucket you have, does it make champagne?


I feel like time is of the essence here. Probably not best to wait until morning.


He was in that yellow cloak. Remember?


I am highly entertained.


Is there anything behind it?


It's so juicy, so savory.


And bring it back to Westruun.


Whoever I can see.


If we can see them, they can see us.


Yeah, don't worry about it. It's fine. No big thing. This old spell? I mean.


I didn't roll damage yet.


I feel very satisfied with this entire expedition.


It was a dream where I was offered a means to revenge. It was a dream!


Wait, the light gets a purplish hue?


You just walked through a tree. Why was there a rockslide?


Dooty.


It might be magma. Also, if we see anything resembling an air bubble, then we know there's something that breathes.


It's open, what's inside?


Okay. Guys, it feels so nice. Should we go for just a little bit of a swim while he attunes to his--


How about I just keep my hands in my pockets going forward into strange new rooms by long-dead wizards, potentially.


It is true, though. Like, why?


I want to see what you've been working on.


That's concern.


And Vex!


That's 15 points of piercing damage.


Maybe ask a few more questions in a few other places besides dive bars.


I brought it back in, didn't I?


We're going to be okay. He says he's got enough for everyone still.


Oh, he did just give you a potion.


The fuck did you do?


That’s fair.


I love that shirt.


You rolled a 20? Oh, go Pike!


Just go straight and just stay.


Bluude, it's me!


(raspberry)


Molly, do you want to join this conversation?


Yeah, okay, must be an elf thing. That's interesting. Very interesting, okay, great.


He runs into the rooms first and he puts his tongue exciting places.


And we're waiting for news on whether that one -


We should probably just go ahead and do the giveaway, 'cause we already got to six.


You're 300 pounds, right?


Why are you talking so funny?


Incognito.


Wind. People call me Tibsy.


You disappear quickly, because if you get drawn into that investigation, it would be bad.


Ping!


Did I hurt the beast?


Yeah, and then letting the horses run, so the-- sending the track off.


We're just going to walk up and ask for--


I had some thoughts but yeah. 11.


Oh god! You're cutting out, Fjord, I can't--


Let's keep those to a minimum of zero. As I'm sure many of you guys know, today, August 3rd, is our beloved Travis Willingham's birthday. [cheering]


It's the cow-roc. When we were cows! When we saved a roc.


Hey, now. Not cool.


He can't follow you.


Ank'harel.


Ah, fuck you! (laughter)


Hey Yasha, check it out, I got one too. It's a really shitty prize, though.


(noises of disgust)


Are there any guards around still? Any dwarven guards?


Do I want to wait?


You need to rest so you can perceive things better. Oh.


It is--


Okay, for the artists' sake, Grog and Arkhan are right next to each other.


So sorry. I'm so sorry!


Are there any bone laying around?


Total 19.


I jiggle them around in the bag. Just because.


Pretty fucking sad.


You all are an enjoyable lot, it will be fun.


What can you imagine would be the most exciting show they could possibly hope for?


I might just start shooting there if they keep coming.


I spent a 6th-level spell building that trench, it had better come in handy.


I'm going to keep an eye on our rear.


You know you can walk next to me?


While everybody's arguing, I'm going to sit down and Detect Magic as a ritual.


We could try to teach it to them.


So listen. Don't die for this. I will take this. Just walk ahead. This thing blew a hole in the side of that tower.


And the second one is what's the story behind the Super High Intensity Team? (all laugh)


My family would require their main property and all residential rental property.


I think they would see through that.


(whispering) Paper.


Okay. Do you want dex or anything?


I didn't learn mist form today.


Who's the lowest? Blood coming out of her mouth.


Yes, it turns out I have to record voice over on occasion, so Wednesday Club is not going to be me this week and I'll be talking to comic books to the engineer who will be mildly irritated with me. But instead, you guys, Matt Key is going to be hosting and he is going to talk about his favorite thing in the world.


826 Chicago.


Neither did I, but we're figuring it out.


No, that ain't funny.


Yeah, should you need us.


What are you talking about? We can't lure a dragon into a teleportation circle big enough to get a dragon through, and then somehow assume that the dragon's going to keep running into the room with no magic? And then what are we also going to assume? That it's going to jump into the crazy Vecna circle and become a ninth level of hell after that? We have no idea! That's a terrible idea! I'm vetoing it.


This one was special. He had an enormous jewel in his chest.


Oh, of course not.


Frumpkin went under a new door.


It almost was really good, but it wasn't. Six!


He got a little swept up, carried away.


Because I've been really excited about this one, I'm going to point at the other dummy and cast Chain Lightning.


That one hits! That definitely hits.


Nice. Molly, what do you want to do?


So, yeah, and he knew he could trust us because we're awesome. We were going to go get some information. So we followed them into this big tunnel that goes into the mountain. We had to go through, it took a long time and we had to fight a lot of cool stuff along the way, but nothing important to this.


Why? What are you-- What are we in for?


You know, at some point you should ask yourself why we didn't just kill you and why we knew that you were there the whole time.


I feel like that can wait till morning.


We'll find you something strong.


Shit balls. 28. Wait--


Let me think on that.


But what time of the day is it, because I know.


By like two whole minutes.


We didn't die! I seriously thought we were all going to die. When he got healed and everything was running--


Little damage.


Do you need me to write something?


We should've sent him off to the camp.


Let's meet the crew.


This should be good.


Oh, am I close to Vax?


Nope, first time.


And did we get a short rest before this fight happened?


Motherfucker, you are sneaky! I need to talk to you.


Wait, two rolls?


Hold on, I'm gonna go up, and I'm gonna cast--


So you're saying there's a chance.


If we come back and learn that you have made a deal with the dragons, you'll be the first to die, not them.


You know what, Grog?


75 points of poison damage.


That totally was, that was great!


But you can take a potion on your turn, at least?


Not often you find people a fan of illiteracy, but--


He got away.


Her husband. Her dead husband. I'm going to have his face, and I'm going to walk forward and say, Delilah. Don't. It is me.


It's warmer, and there's certainly less snow.


Ask with your fancy talk.


Good luck with clearing this out, but I've got to go.


Oh, you weren't?


Yeah, might be a good idea.


You lost a gnoll there.


Which friend?


I must have a torch or something.


Yeah, if we send him away from us and then we go the other way. He's a human distraction!


What was in the other ones?


Shut up! There's notes somewhere in here!


Yeah. I'm so about it. He's so cool.


I'm keeping my eyes peeled for useful shit.


We thought you had new information beyond that and would maybe want to add. It was certainly set up that way.


I better go check on them. I'll dive off the cliff. (laughter)


Our people need to be connected to the rest of the world that we've sworn to protect. I understand the need for our isolation but I often wonder if we had a few close allies on alert, if the Thordak incident might've have gone a little bit differently.


Just say okay and let's leave.


What roll?


Makes me want to work harder. That's all I'm saying.


Sometimes I'm angry, too.


Yeah, I know. These guys were talking about stuff I know about, and I was responding to other people that were talking on Twitter.


24 mass cure.


We have two options. We can fight them.


I feel like lightning is good because it turns glass into--


Okay. Well, I have advantage normally, reckless, so just a straight roll. 32?


Another dude? Oh, you mean the bad guy.


Okay, and then I'll let Jester go first.


Do they know each other? Are they friends?


Did it leave a little stain?


Does it burn when you pee?


We're going to need to move quickly, though, from city to city, and we're going to need to get word.


I sit up.


Is there a posting for people looking for crew positions? A sign?


Mmm. What happens if you have a childhood, but it's barely a childhood because it was supposed to be someone else's childhood, but it was you instead? Is that a childhood?


78 on the first hit.


No, wait. Give me that. I take it.


Oh, it's simple, Marish. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole and you'll get a two-week free trial.


And I take my nails and dig them in a little bit.


Great, sure, I just thought I'd come and lose a couple of thralls and my fucking broom. But great to be here. Everyone seems nice. Especially her, she's great.


Why would you do that? I was trying to make him--


We're just hungry! We're just hungry.


It ain't close. It's eight hours.


Do I have 3rd-level healing spells? I do.


(yelling) At least!


I know, right? I think she's done Spirit Guardians one other time.


Do you want to send a bird, maybe?


I need another drink.


I pull out my book. I mostly put flowers and things in here because I'm collecting them for someone and I want to keep them all in here from my travels.


Is there anyone in the room that I don't see besides Horris and Dolan?


But this is where you train.


We don't have eyes on the yuan-ti, do we?


Why, Scanlan?!


We were killing Lady Briarwood?


Hashtag blessed.


And if you show up with all of us and her, say you could've just called, I would've shown up, but you still have to pay her.


Plus six is 14 for the sneak attack. and then five for Hunter's Mark.


Can I also, knowing that we're probably going to be up close, danger close, I'm going to cast Armor of Agathys on myself. You see a spectral frost start to harden around my armor in a shimmering light.


Yeah, let's see if those guys are there.


I'm a lunatic aren't I? There's just no--


Can we jump onto the top of the building?


And I'm like--


Do you have like a picture, or a file anywhere, saved of your--


Good try.


Is it half movement?


How long does Heroes' Feast take?


I'm going to take my scarf, wipe the wall.


No, I do. I have a melee reaction.


Are we going to go to Ophelia first and then to Mollymauk, or?


Go upstairs to the rest of the group.


Oh, there's multiple stockades.


The key.


Well, it's a natural one. Well, the second one was a one. First one was an eight. Neither were good.


That's what we found.


No, we're in the Dwendalian Empire.


Can I get to Protto?


What is it? 1d-- that's not great, six damage.


We are looking for Claudia Sheed.


And believe.


Okay, fair enough. Okay.


Pissing in the wind.


We weren't talking.


And stunned.


Well, old habit. (laughter)


Yeah, I want to try to attune to the Wastehunter Blade.


Trinket will get in a boat with Grog.


I'm going to get into some grass, as close to the road as I can.


Can I crush in a little bit further and get her to stop singing?


Muscle relaxers. Is there a view of the tree?


I'm good. I've stocked up. I am plush. I have more coin in my pocket than I ever could have imagined, and I have already spent most of what we made.


He's so dreamy.


I have questions.


40 feet speed.


I send Frumpkin scurrying between people's legs into the crowd, put my hand on Beau's shoulder and go blind.


Take that zero off it, and you've got it.


Yeah, to the doorway, right, so the first--


At what level?


Enough words, toothless. Let's do this.


It is 21 when the daggers are out, and my daggers are in my hands. I mean, I don't know, this is kinda loosey-goosey. All right, then I'm at 20.


Oh god, you have to roll so high in order to resist.


Arkhan.


For my reckless attack, I'd like to try and push her into the crevasse.


She's very trustworthy.


And what's in this room? I'm looking over here.


Yeah. Remember that?


Yes, great great grandfather Wilhand.


Pitchy, little pitchy. Flat.


Yay! Look at that cutie. Look, it's going to smack him on the butt.


Ten-foot radius, so 20 from one side to the other.


It was good times, though, Pike in those gauntlets. That was pretty cool.


Just wanted to make sure they weren't special.


It doesn't look appealing to me, Grog.


I've heard rumors of those. Can we make a check for those?


I'm well aware.


It's a good cause, Pickle.


Bad dog!


I'm going to push it just a little bit more.


Sir?


So I'm on a roof that's all soaking wet, right?


Who did?


Or I could go outside the stone door and see if there's any more buttons out there to press.


Oh yeah, use your--


I fainted.


No, that's a terrible idea.


Yeah. Where's the remix of this song?


They'll be here forever.


I'm feeling handsy. (laughter)


Do they have pointier teeth than most?


I was going to be impressive. Okay. I'm going to get the H out. I'm going to get as far as I can in that corner. Yeah, thank you. Bye-bye.


(groans) Wait, how much did you heal us, Scanlan?


I can work with that. I can work with that. I'm going to go construct you something that will be perfect for your needs. I have a great idea. I will need another hogshead and a half of black powder and a little information about another customer and then I will leave you to your work. Is that fair?


Thank all of us. We did this together!


Is it? I'm blind. Where does it go?


How long would it take, do we think, to get up north there, if we went straight? A week?


No, I think Hallucinatory Terrain lasts for--


Be like water.


At the last minute, I'm going to (panicked squealing). And turn into a goldfish.


You can still misty. We're still misty-able. You can fly in, talk to them, and fly back out.


Is it just violence?


I sleep naked.


Do you want to establish some sort of, like, if you get in trouble is there a way to alert us?


One at a time?


We use the wine.


Is there any way to let us know, though?


A top hat?


-- We're going to steal some kraken's poop.


Let's see!


I'll definitely take the adornments from the priest.


Well--


It really was a one.


So Scanlan Two would know this.


You know what? It's just supposed to be a little jaunty like that, I think.


There was a cough drop stuck in the side of my mouth.


I've got some nice distance.


I don't know what all I could see of that other than just the pit fiend's arm through the window, but I'm going to back up and shoot him. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him first, though!


Keyleth says, we're totally polyamorous--


Whoa! Look at you, Scanlan!


Listen, we don't know what the fuck you're doing. Take the hydra. We're not here for a bounty; we're trying to help the city.


I double back to Keyleth and start trying to administer some sort of aid.


With my Spire of Conflux I go (explosion) and try and give this motherfucker the worst heartburn he's ever experienced.


You know, from him I think that was a compliment.


Oh, he was sweet. He had some good herb.


All right, let's mist there.


Or like a bumper pool table that we can all--


Convene in the girls' room. It's bound to be cleaner.


Yeah, it didn't, but this is different than the lava we've been in before?


Well we need to--


Can we see where the tunnel leads?


Cassandra.


DC is 13. It's a third-level spell. Right?


You can totally do the Point Break mid-air combat.


Do you know Lucien, too?


Not everybody, just in that line.


Correct negative 16 by negative 48 by negative 32. Ten seconds to impact. Too late to close debris shield. Brace for impact, Tommie!


Are we okay?


You concur?


Pull them off the street.


We have a little box traveling with us.


Well, she said the morning.


It was a dream! It was just a dream.


You don't like to cook yours?


It's not psycho if you drive a very small car with not a lot of trunk space.


Should we all try to stealth?


Flattery got you nowhere.


Sorry about this.


It is a good one.


God dang it! That was a miss; it was a one. It was a natural one.


Dick pics hand-drawn by quill.


So Allura, so it's clear  Seeker Asum is Raishan.


We could go over and get involved in that, since you seemed so keen--


It is not a 20.


I don't know if Pike can fix this!


I've touched it before and it was fine. I can touch it again.


I'm gonna guess you've got a Poison Ivy.


A blue muumuu.


Kutha, how's it been?


Oh, why of course, Sub-judge Scanlan.


Are we a book club now?


Oh, Vex, you look so tired.


Bigby's Hand!


Unfortunately, yes. (laughter)


I think we should see him dodge.


Clicking my boots.


Act now?


Super dehydrating.


Constitution save? That would be a four.


Can I walk to the other side of the street?


We failed.


Oh, it's great! 18.


No, that's not-- we were going to look for incense and supplies.


Not that I would understand, but could you tell us what your specialty is?


Wait! Maybe if we show it the sword, he'll chill out.


Were you vomiting seawater before you had those dreams? Or making a sword come out of the palm of your hand before that explosion?


All right, you could do that, too. Look out below!


If you're within 15 feet.


Yes. I'm going to start upstairs, check the bedrooms.


You should wear a bite guard.


I just disperse Silence, and before I go out, I turn into Hosin. Alter Self.


No, they have so many things to do.


How close to the table can we get?


Okay, can I use my movement to get up?


Every time. Every time I do it!


Yeah, but what about inside?


29!


I'll be the caboose.


Yeah, that works.


One point of damage? All of us?


Plot a course that would put us right in the middle of all three.


How much do they run for?


Okay, here we go! 17?


-- Mama put the coins on my eyes.


I feel like we have, do we have an address? Address?


I really have to go!


All right. All I have is my bonus action.


His spats and spurs?


That's not until this evening, right?


That little crazy Ball o' Fun is a troublemaker. Just like Twiggy.


If you speak to the other Ashari and my father, let him know.


No, no, no. That's fine, that's fine.


Must wreak havoc on the local architexture.


I've been forgetting to roll my enlarged damage.


Let's go buy some black powder. This is the time.


No, it's a bat's AC.


There's none left? They're all gone?


I know, at least!


We're trying to go with Squalleater people. Waldok?


Fuck, that's not going to work.


With the caravan!


Couldn't be.


And I'm going to be at PAX tomorrow and Saturday, so I'm leaving tomorrow morning to head up to Seattle. Go say hi. We're doing a crowdplay of Tales from the Borderlands on Saturday night. You should come.


Both of us, or just me?


Nott, it could be a trap, come look and see if it's a trap.


Let's save that.


No, we wait a little bit. I think that they can get back.


I turn around. The trees talk.


I'm trying to earthbend this wall.


As we turn around and look at the door that we came back through, are there any markings above the door or around it?


Scanlan, just shoot a lightning bolt in there.


That's big.


Do I know what level it is?


These are the beans. I mean, I should've thought-- Kord is a fist, and you put one of each four on the knuckles. I squish each one of the beans.


It'll probably fail.


Oh yeah. I'll see you there. Game face on.


Yes! We're friends here. Yes.


Maybe it is. I don't know where it would have come from, though. This is a land of magic and mystery. Who knows?


Because there's three blasts that come from, yeah?


That's probably a bad sign, but thank you.


This shirt, right here?


Do I recognize these people?


Socialization? Why, Mama?


I'm going to go, but I'm going to cast Freedom of Movement on myself before I go down there.


Yeah, I want to feel the wind on my face. Thanks.


Well, it's not like you can step up to the anvil before the metal's hot anyway, right? So maybe we're stepping up to the anvil too soon. Maybe you have to heat the metal first?


Yes. 15, 16, 17, 20?


Vax, double-check the gold floor, I'm not--


Just her or us?


A wisdom saving throw. That's a 27.


Let's go before it gets back.


I guess so.


You're very strongly peer pressuring me right now Percy and I don't know how I feel about this.


Sure. I mean, yeah.


(laughs) Very reasonable eyesight.


And what happens if it gets killed?


Are there any beholder teeth left? Anything? Any sort of--


I mean, if we did cleanse the land, that would be a wonderful thing.


Well, some of the attacks, they add more poison to it.


Aww, I thought they were going to throw her.


Ish.


That was a lot.


Stop bringing up the bastard part!


Don't mention it.


Not a problem. Bren, would you help our friend out?


Simultaneously, but we'll leave just a moment later.


Yes. 17.


Like stealth, you mean?


Because I realise that he was always there, and even though I worked for him, and, you know, he told me what to do, and would bark orders, he always had my back, and he was the only one who took care of me. So I think you guys should, like, be nice to him. Or--


We were subcontracted to you, yes.


I don't think so. This one was very specific in its design, seemed to be a one-of-a-kind thing, I hope.


They've got a soft serve place there. It'll be great.


I know who they're talking about.


♪ What's a synonym for pasty and pale? ♪


So I have to get over-- I have advantage on these.


All right. Can I join you?


Probably in a bag.


Don't disparage her, she's wonderful and beautiful.


No, then I can't carry Grog.


Oh! Natural 20.


Yes, but there's no bridge, we talked about--


Come on, come on.


All right. Are you going to teleport, and then we're going to try to do that?


No, I have no interest in becoming it, thank you very much.


He's looking for stuff, right? He's--


There's a little juice running down your gauntlet.


Sometimes, yeah. Sometimes.


Oh. Why does it have to be that particular material?


Up the path, right?


I don't think we got it.


It was that night.


I've made up my mind.


Wait, can I do something? Can we react to this?


Well, one of them.


Maybe just move really fast away from him


I put my hand on my hilt and I pull it out a little bit.


No, I don't think so, your water fucked me up last time. You get it out of the table.


What's your father's name?


We go out into the world, right?


(Harry Potter voice) I'm a what? (Hagrid voice) And a thumpin' good one, I'd wager.


What you going to be working on?


We love you, Kit.


It's pretty big.


This is all meta conversation. You guys have no idea that Liam almost used the wrong spell. Caleb was on point.


Son of a bitch. Thank you, Abjurist, you are as wise as you are. Old.


She is displeased.


My father just threw me right in. That's how I learned.


45 minutes.


I'm going to try to hook Nott over me. So like she's attached.


You know we have a fucking flying carpet?


I'll hug the far wall, though. I'll hug the wall.


(laughter) True love's kiss.


You don't want to do it yet.


The 'nother one?


Is she still on the ground, or has she gotten up?


Okay, then she will Toll the Dead.


That's not great. That's 19.


I feel like now we already know where the outskirts of the Shademirk are.


I'm a little jittery, do you want to be a front man for a little while?


I know how you work it, it's swish and flick. Fireball.


Is it that big?


Sounds fun.


A question. Is there any rafters, or any high place in the room behind these gentlemen?


They're not humanoid?


Yeah, I think you need a minder.


But I have to roll another constitution?


I want to tell you something. We're almost like family now, and I've seen you do many great things, and you have earned my trust, but if you hurt my sister... If you hurt anyone else in this group inadvertently--


What's it sound like?


We gave him half?


We can send a letter.


I want to do it!


Last hit, last hit. That's not good  12.


I get 2d6 now for Sneak Attack.


Two seconds. Just quietly, just sort of muttering to myself, or not to myself, to Sarenrae, I don't know what this is, I just hope that you're here and watching, and please be by my side and guide this ritual if it is your will. Okay. I'm ready.


"Hmm. Do you ever think you could make a good union leader?"


I'm going to Counterspell that.


So I have my bonus action?


Maybe you could hit it with a mace, Pike.


I know! I should have just used it.


Doty, show me what we wrote. (sings) 'Seven intrepid warriors we, were strong before and 'stronger with me. Drinking wine and Heroes' Feasts, saving maidens, defeating beasts. We 'fight, fight, fight, with strength and girth, I slew a marid and proved my worth. Vix and Vox, 'Kiko and Greg, and Percival with the head like an egg. I defeated a kraken too, and I saved the 'Ashari single-handedly in the ocean blue. We fight, fight, fight, with strength and girth. I 'won your hearts and I proved my worth.'


So 20 to hit on Pike.


He doesn't look like he's warm, though. Normally when people are sweaty they're going like this: (breathing heavily)


Lady Vex'ahlia, Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt, apparently, which I'm here to talk to you about.


We should go, she's not going to follow us to the surface.


Maybe the guy that has him, his tentacles or whatever?


Maybe the Raven Queen will use you or something.


I'm good. I slept really well.


That did not work very well for me several hours ago, I think maybe you want to use tangible things here. Use the earmuffs, use the hat, use the mask.


They've got Yennan. He's awesome. He was a badass cleric.


On the floor.


Okay. So many things on the board. I wonder if those statues are going to come to life.


Nott, just look at the dodecahedron.


Act natural! Keep picking, keep picking, keep picking! We want to help you. We really, really, really want to help you.


Truth be told, I was drinking, so things get a little worse as we go. So, this is Percy! It's a lot of white. I don't know how to paint with white or use white.


Yeah, spellcasting's a bitch.


What is Shapechange?


Yeah, have you heard heard? How long are they supposed to be here?


Right, Listen up! If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw! A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale! (record scratch) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things! ...also ale. In his early years, armed with his two handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst (brawling sounds) Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. (brawling sounds) the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this... well, this terrified little thing. And his disobedience cost him dearly. (weapon crack) Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, Beaten bloody, and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike, that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches! Ha! ...or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house, where you pay for... lady favors. Also ale!


