Are you afraid this clockwork warden could be used for malign purposes?


You still have plus ten to the roll because Pass Without a Trace.


That's intense. So, guys, we're not going to go offline just now. We're going to stick around for a little while. We're going to throw it up while we move some cameras, so I'm going to leave it up to the chat room. It's up to you guys, we can either come back and play some Bloodborne on the PS4 that you guys bought us, or we can come back and play some Just Dance 2014 that you guys also bought us. So there's dancing or Bloodborne. It's up to you guys.


Oh, the worst. Shit. 13.


Your duplicate can cast spells?


Which is why it screwed you.


Aye?


That is--


Sorry, yes.


I go and I see that Grog's underwater and I Flipper him and go up under him and, "Hold on! Here we go."


Do it. Do it right now.


Oh, it's okay, Briarwoods down.


Can you swim over here?


(laughs) Gilli-gone? Hon hon.


Natural 20 for perception! Ooh! Sparklies!


That smoke plume knows where it's going.


Could I do it?


Does that look like part of Doty?


I think we should go through the door, instead of going up.


Damn gated communities.


I want to make a note, because I'm way ahead of everybody at this point, as soon as I land on the beach, I cast Circle of Teleportation.


That was all me, that wasn't Caduceus. Ugh.


Give Pumat Prime our best.


It's Fjord.


We're not feeling the hag, but I think we should avoid her.


Okay, that's going to be huge. So the only people that are in range are Trinket, Grog, and me.


(fart sound) (laughter)


All right. I've been taking to calling him Jumbo, or the Big Guy.


If that's what it is, yeah.


I just feel that the gold of the javelin would match the gold of your heart.


No, it did not.


I'm going. (laughter)


Shh! Not too loud!


Obviously, it would take a very long time to go to every ziggurat that we've seen and see if there's an army inside of it. If they've been preparing things there over this past year that we haven't been doing anything!


You wouldn't happen to have a wallet version, would you? Don't worry about it!


Ugh, come on! So fucking weird. (groans) I turn my back to him.


Somebody asked how I became a goliath because it's not an official race in the book. Is it not an official race?


They scare you so bad that, even when it's official, I'm like "I'm in the--"


No, no. Only one of you.


What's happening up there?


Oh. Okay! Then I'm gonna cast Conjure Animals and I'm gonna try to cast-- that's third level. I get summoned fey creatures, so what's a fey creature that swims underwater?


How many souls did you just buy?


Oh jeez-louise, 30 plus five is... 35.


I know, and they're quite valuable. But he said six thousand, six hundred and (mumbles) and we know this will cover that.


That's right, it's dark outside.


And there's going to be a floating crystal that marches across?


Are we free to go?


Fair enough, it is getting dark. Let's dry off, get our clothes back on, and get moving.


I wish I had a yo-yo.


I'm going with Grog to shop? All right, sure.


This is exciting. Gripping.


So yes, that's where we'll go. We're going to go to the wine room.


Can I get on my broom?


Here, around, and that way.


Pretty please?


The DM says we're doing it well.


Harsh?


All the things! Yes!


No, this is great. It's great to have an old dude with us also.


So we've just got ladder down. That's it?


Wait, did you miss? Did you hit?


Completion! The full set!


Natural 20! [cheering]


She did a group shot and then she did this long row of each separate.


But tonight I've prepared, because we all need just some theater today. I've prepared for us a small radio play.


Oh, sweet! What are the properties of it?


How many people are in your group?


Goddamn it, Gil, you better not fuck me. Not bad, Gil. (laughs)


No, I've always been like this.


She could be like her own Gentleman.


Only half of us know how this fucker works.


Bulé.


I'll just go sleep in the corner either way.


Vax is minus a hit point because I hit him in the nuts. Hah!


Coffee.


(whispering) Those are the guys.


They'll give you a headache.


Fine. If there's a dare involved, that's completely different.


It's entirely up to you now, isn't it?


I've learned a lesson! Always carry an insurance policy with me.


Not into the liquid! Just through the stone, going deeper.


Okay, bye, guys. (all laugh)


I'm assuming that that's the Hand of Ord that we're looking at.


So that's a ten.


Oh, I would like one.


Need to heal?


Yeah. That's actually brilliant.


Like, the best I could possibly do is maybe take one of these holy water things.


Yeah, that's a really good apology.


Tary-Town, be careful.


Suddenly I'm scared of falling on the beach.


I'm up, but Pike isn't, correct?


That's heavy.


I'm going to crawl behind there, and at the very least I can--


How many people saw?


That would be actually extremely--


But you're out of paper?


Come on Jester, come on.


I have enormous balls.


There's a boat! Oh, wow, the top-down view looks so three-dimensional right now.


And is it dead silent in here?


Four points of damage!


There was a number of scenarios that didn't happen?


Wisdom saves. Advantage. No fear. No poison.


No, don't wake him up. Don't rock him.


(laughs) With a K.


Oh yeah. Well, I'm going to take the bean out and say all that shit again with the bean in between my hands. I'm going to whisper it to the bean because it's part of him.


Away, the guy behind you or the one across the pit?


The army of Julous.


Oh, I can't lift that thing.


He didn't say his name.


What what!


And I can do the Hallucinatory Terrain thing again. It has been a while.


What? I turn into a giant scorpion.


I guess we should greet the town.


The pond! Fuck you! The pond!


Less fancy will actually do us some good in these waters, so that's good.


Four. Oh, wait. 12.


What's happening here?


(laughs) Why are you acting this way?


I know, that's what I'm doing. So there's no enemies in sight?


I'm going to run by Jarett's on the way back to my quarters.


Nope. Natural one.


We're at the top of a rise, so we can see really well.


It is haunted.


Well, I think we all are, you know. He breathes acid.


--and it makes--


She's probably going to outlast you, but while you're around, keep her company for me?


Best I've been in a while.


Moves an adjacent piece of paper next to it and keeps going.


What constitutes as low?


I thought we did.


No. I want something else to live in a mausoleum. This is actually for you. Open it. I go and I light the two little torches on the side. This is very traditional, and it should open. Do you trust me?


If you would like to try and fill out the paperwork...


I'm afraid they're marching him to his death.


Who's the singer here, people?


Listen, let's not do this now. I'm coming back with you. I have to go get my robit. All right?


Wouldn't be here without you, or the others. You know that, right?


(laughs) No? Sorry.


Got that Bigby's Hand, is that what you're saying?


You can carry booze in the streets here, right? It's like Vegas? Open carry?


I missed you.


But part of being--


Be like that.


Perfect plan!


I automatically don't like it.


And is it like where I killed that motherfucker? They were built into the cliff face, right?


Hopefully from an area where they don't see me casting it.


I'll stand in the middle of the road.


Does it follow her?


I've been drinking.


Papa, let's go.


I feel like we can make that dream come true.


Well, I would say collapse the tunnel, then go.


Can she use a bonus action to rage, even though she's frightened?


Like some sort of a circle-jerky sort of a thing?


You know what, I'm going to back up. Yeah. Okay. All right.


No trace. Leave no trace!


If we go right when the sun goes up--


I think they're on the road to recovery.


(shouting) Just eat the berry!


Yeah, he's an emoji now.


(laughter) Inclusion.


I just want to find out where it came from.


Well, I'll cast Shield. So they miss.


Matt? We've got another giveaway.


Are you dragging a dead body around?


I don't even know if he saw me. He saw my funny cards.


So you found a cavern.


We start walking.


That's a shithole roll  14.


That's all happening right now.


Yeah, those are the best parts.


I'm not gonna go anywhere, Keyleth.


I'll sit up with you, Jester, and take first watch, 1B.


I could do a Vorugal voice and say  Thordak, you're a cock!


(laughing) For my own shame. All right fine, I'll drop the spell 'cause I feel really bad about it. But on my way down, okay, here's my question, because I want to make these fuckers fight each other. So, is there loose rock along the edge of the wall?


Okay. So I saw him go down.


I have a whole pouch full of money, you guys, right here.


Okay, I'll hold my action.


What do you mean we're not leaving it?!


As in powder or booze.


I would probably bonus action-- if I had a bonus action I would shoot again.


I see Vex's condition and I run out to get her a coffee from the bazaar, and then do my perception check on the thing.


Kill Orthax. That's literally your best bet right now.


Walking in that door.


It was my own fault. I was suspicious.


Oh, I have a fire spell.


That's much better. That's a 29.


I'm in another plane of existence probably.


Good luck!


Why are you doing this? Why me?


Was there a fire pit?


So that is 16 times two, so 32 damage to both of them.


-- on all dex rolls.


You are very fast right now.


This was a fabulous breakfast, good night.


Six. We have six horses.


No, I mean, the purpose of all--


Exactly! Who kicks a fucking cat exactly is my point! You can do a lot of things and have a very bad day but who kicks a cat?!


You kill one, I'll kill the other.


It's 17. No, 18. But I know they have to make an intelligence save to see through Hallucinatory Terrain.


We're practically gods. Let's be fair. We're so fucked.


Sorry. It's already being done.


I love the cheers for foresight. They're like, "Yeah, two mics! Yes! Get it, production team!"


No, it was sitting somewhere, and I was like, this is cool!


Shittiest pay phone ever.


Worst case scenario, we kill him.


Make a pity roll.


I'm going to stick my hand around and fire my little crossy-bowy. Not good! Not good at all. Ten!


I mean, if it looks like a sexy den or something.


(whispers) Don't whisper here.


Did they really?


I look for a book on werewolves.


The Bane does fade.


Why do we need to go now?


We're eating good!


Well, I have a forgery kit. How do I know if I'm proficient? Hold on. I think I am because of my background. Yes. No. Yes. I don't know.


If I were to cast a bit of-- how about a Cone of Cold, could I cast a Cone of Cold at the fire elementals?


Shitty initiative roll.


He's covered in leather straps that are a tangle of brown and red and green that pretty much cover him from his neck to his calf where his boots start to take over. There's a hood that he's wearing, deep green. It goes down to his legs and a big enough hood that's able to cover his ample locks.


Please be better.


I have an idea. We've all had a bit of a morning. Let's sit down. Have a drink. We can get you liquor. We can talk about anything you've seen traveling on the road in the last day or two.


What a perfect way to make our way quickly and efficiently.


Can I bonus action?


A little tutu.


Well. Your emotions are justified. But you found it in your heart to forgive your family, and they did terrible things to you. Maybe it's harder with people that are closer. They cut deeper.


That's, yeah, 30 to hit.


8d6, yeah?


Yes. I was getting it back.


We would risk that anyway, either way.


You just opened your eyes?


Now we hear shattering glass, don't we?


Yes, I thought I was handing it to Allura. (laughter)


Okay. Just a straight wisdom?


He was born underwater!


Features and traits.


Wait, are we getting on the rock?


Nice. Can I fire Eldritch Blast in the direction that I saw it?


Only you can protect her.


Is this fantastic haversack--


I guess I'll fly up so I can see over the wall. I have no idea what's going on.


Maybe. I don't know. How long is his name?


Can I use my earring during that? I tell Keyleth and Tiberius that I think they are outside the palace walls.


Can I insight check?


Spit in your hand a little bit. Grip and bear it.


Yeah, right!


See? And I give him a slap on his bare ass as he walks by. You okay? You will be.


On his horn, yes.


There was a big one close by.


I should know what it is, anyway.


How will we follow you if you're on a carpet and we're standing on a thing, and--


They definitely are interested in it at the Platinum Sanctuary.


I say on my earring "I think we found the prison cells. Get down here."


Fuck. I should have said it first. That's it, that's my turn.


Quick and fast?


How'd it work, does that, is that how you're supposed to do it?


What's the red armor made out of?


Do you have time to move?


The curse only manifests itself in those who bring it upon themselves with greed, or?


God dammit, I was about to handle that. I was about to handle that! Who's bringing him the gauntlet?


It takes 4d10 of damage.


But I have some sort of Death Ward on me.


Well, if you hit all with everything at once, then the worst that can happen is that we have to fight two more things at the same time. LIAM; Well, Jester did necrotic, and I can obviously handle, well, I can handle evocation or--


I'm going to run in next to Scanlan and as my bonus action, hand him a superior healing potion. Can I not get quite there? Oh, in that case, if I didn't have time, keep a little closer to the orb.


Yeah, but that one had potential.


The Ark reactor.


A! A is the first letter of the alphabet.


Just walk us into town. That would be great. Just in case there's anything that might jump out and get us.


I have a question. The carpet reeks of abjuration, or-- I would know that the carpet is magical.


Thank you. We're right in the middle of the bazaar. Do we want to take a quick jog around? I grab someone passing by and say, you, potions? Where? Here?


Well yeah, sure.


She sent you back.


Okay, but I'm not keeping it just for me, you know.


Yes it was. (all laugh)


Maybe we're going to go find a small black tower somewhere filled with death and despair.


If it bleeds, we can kill them.


Freaking wraps on her arms.


It's really good, I'm warning you right now. Seven and seven is 14 plus another six, brings me to 20, plus eight, 28, again. That's what I had last time right? 28.


Yeah, there's one left.


Can I look around on the walls and on the doors and, using my criminal background, see if I see anything that’s Thieves’ Cant or smuggling operation things?


Whip it out; how's it look?


Yes. Do you make anything out of lead?


I was like, I feel like I came up-- Oh, there's more shit.


I'm what?


No, it looked like it was coming from the bottom up, and there's only two holes down there, so it's either--


You can see me and Grog, and that's pretty much it.


Okay, I'm going to think about what I'm going to say on this one. I'm using my pearl of power. It's my last 3rd-level spell. Okay. Hello Gentleman. This is Jester. Please respond. Just yes if you've seen the Ruby. Please. Is that 20? Oh, oh shit! Balls! (laughter)


I'm going to hold the book! And I will inspire Pike.


Okay. We've got to get her out of here, or nothing's going to work, right?


You don't have anything in the building?


I'm terrible at naming things, I just go with whatever the first person shouts out.


Why weren't you always playing this character?


She could destroy everything.


Hump day!


Yeah, that's 16 plus two.


That's your leader?


Wait, did you just cure our wounds?


He'll only find better people.


His name is Captain Wiggledick.


Is that what it is? (cheering)


It's adorable, isn't it?


Where should I go, where should I go?


All right. Eyes of The Grave. As an action you know the location of any undead within 60 feet of you that isn't behind total cover and isn't protected from divination magic until the end of your next turn.


Wait, you're grabbing him?


Oh! I-- let's go that way!


A third-level spell?


Far Cry 5!


What-- oh do you not want milk? Do you want something else?


No! This is the part where C-3PO is being pulled apart.


Everyone likes wine!


(cooing) What about the cloak?


I need to make a sleight of hand check?


Again, I apologize for my brother. He's an idiot.


Can I just thank everybody from CoastCon real quick? You guys treated Steve and I so well in Biloxi, we had such an amazing time, and I met some unbelievable Critters there. This one fantastic woman who started becoming now a DM because of Critical Role and it's just amazing. Oh, and I got these really cool horns.


Oh, yes. That one. That one's good. (all laugh)


Just us!


I know. I'm just telling you, if there's dice you really love, you might want to put them away.


Oh shit! It's the Witch's Fortune. What are you looking for?


I mean, I have very high dexterity.


That's right. I forgot about the ring.


The Lebenda Swamp.


And Molly's still with us, the same way that your beautiful wife is.


Is it safe in Whitestone? I mean, the temple of Sarenrae is at least here.


Oh, that fast? All right. How close to the door are the guards? Right up against it?


I'm going to help you.


I'll take that 12. It's not great. 17.


Two horses pulling the cart.


And then I'm fucking singing, and then--


We just saw his statue.


Lots of details?


Give me my boots, you greedy shitbird.


And then I'm gonna-- do I have any movement to swim back down and hide? As my bonus?


Should we take them all?


I actually don't think I have that sheet.


Goblin poop cocktail.


Your majesty.


They'll be eaten by something long before that. It's fine.


Oh! Yeah yeah yeah.


Okay. We haven't had a short rest, have we?


Thank you John Paul and everyone at Gale Force Nine for my sweet-ass mini that just arrived from the UK today!


Maybe we view this an opportunity to grow and we look for those now.


All right, I'm going to do that. I'm going to go for it.


So there's three rolls in a row, and she's done two. Can we see them from where I am?


Just circulate it around the room, will you?


Greataxe of the Eclipse?


I always have scales. It was nice having fur!


Yeah, I mean, while we're all here.


He is part of the team.


I have two Blight scrolls. I'm reading super fast. (babbling)


Five of them make 100 a month, two of them make 50 a month.


Wait, what? You rolled a three and it becomes a 20?!


Can I touch the door with my pointy finger real quick?


A teeny bit.


No, I like the first half of that idea, Vax.


No more of Dis City.


Okay, then the second one. 21 on the second one.


Great story, Keyleth. And, yeah.


Grog is 14.


Something like this is better done in person, as opposed to over a communication device.


Oh, no. You distracted him.


I go, oops! And can I do a Gust against the cliff wall to push me back a little bit further?


(singing) Hello, darkness, my old friend!


No, not great weapon master. Just reckless. Six, 22 for the first one.


I'm going to do fuck all without it. Yes. That's what I'm doing.


Take the Pepsi challenge.


Boat rowers!


Our friend.


She was so strong, and I was so scared, and I really think-- (vomiting noises). (laughter)


Take a look at this, just want to take a look. Smell it, does it smell bad?


It just hurts people.


My fucking rock-hard pec. The ARMOR. I tap the armor, as you fucking very well knew, Laura Bailey. I kind of understand it. Can you tell anything about it?


And I'm just gonna peek it open, just a little bit.


I thought we were both staying up.


Yeah, natural 20.


Is there anything-- what's nearby? Is anything within five feet of it?


All right, my question also is are these cages still-- would it hurt me to touch one or move one?


I mean, enough of the bullshit.


Any signs of life? Anything?


And actual connections to the Myriad.


Sorry. Oh right, you're really, really strong.


We have some donations to go through, so guys, just like last week because we're getting so many donations we just don't have time to read all the messages, so we'll just read off who the donation was from and say thank you, and then I will send an exported list with all your messages in an e-mail form to all of our hosts so they can see them. But it's just so many, which is amazing.


In my shoulder blades.


And it should be me.


We gotta get the prisoners to try and help us.


That is, other than just backing up a little bit more, as far as I can go, just to get out of the--


No open windows?


Oh, that's true.


Caleb's inner monologue is  I want to shrivel up and die.


No, this one over-- yes, thank you.


All right, so, where the hell-- two, plus ten-- oh boy.


Oh, yes! We're solving a mystery.


Here's the thing. He's going to find out stuff about the Briarwoods. What's the fucking point of him going if we're just going to go attack the Briarwoods before we know what he knows? We need to let him go, find out his shit, take care of Uriel, wait until he gets back, go take out the Briarwoods--


I know. Taking a shower, I broke like two shower heads. Just turning around, I was like (crash).


Breakfast needs things to live. (laughter)


Commercial break.


Heal people. Or do a--


Your plan is to lead the charge into K'Varn's lair. That's what you're saying. Do I have that correctly? (laughter)


(whispering) Sam.


Well, that's the Shade. Should we head that direction?


But there's not even anybody over there.


Pike, I need to readjust my grip! Here, I want to put it on my back.


The Horn of Orcus? Can that counter-- we don't have it.


Got some meat tenderizer on that?


How-- Can we--


I moved up, I moved up. I would be over there.


I have. I don't know if I feel comfortable talking about it. But it's fine.


So I have a couple requests from the community. One of which is that every single one of you post a full-body picture of your costume and post it to Twitter so they can get a good look without being blocked by the table. I think everyone just really wants to see his legs because he's not wearing pants under that dress.


Identical.


Keyleth? I don't think she's done talking.


A handbag of endless bottom.


I have some crossbow bolts, and this crowbar, and the sledgehammer--


That's very specific.


We should probably just rotate it. Maybe if you would roll it the other direction, it straightens it out. Did you know that?


Okay, get in the--


Does he get a bonus for that natural 20? Does he get some sort of bonus to that natural 20? Does that make something better about that?


If we survive this.


We just need some work.


I have one; don't forget that.


Oh shitballs. I have to move.


I'm pretty sure we have a thing-- a gun on the way, or something? Someone messaged us. I'm like--


All right, here's three more gold. How about that introduction?


Damn you! Dick.


All right. I'm a little better at being invisible, but go for it.


No, it's okay. No, I don't believe in any of that bullshit. You all are crazy.


I hand it to him. Put this in between your teeth. (sizzling noise)


Would you know?


No. Stop.


Yeah, that's pretty-- I'm glad we're alive.


I don't know what that is. Okay.


Not as convincing.


I feel good about everything that just happened.


Trinket is out.


I feel like I'm just leaving everybody behind-- oh, and Trinket's gonna do the same thing.


Maybe, Keyleth, you could turn into a bat and tell them all to go a different direction.


I'm hopping on, as well.


Let's see if that hits. This is probably not going to hit, is it? That's a six. That's okay. Yeah, probably didn't hit. Yeah, this is really shitty.


To tell the tale of the death and end of Vox Machina to little people.


One. I saw nothing.


Got all your hair--


I'll go first. You hold my hand, and I'll go first.


Does anybody else want Death Ward?


He's a member of the Clasp. He gained entry the way that you do.


I have a tinder box too. I have a torch!


19 plus 12 hits.


Okay, so I will go-- I will destroy the initiative ranking! I will send my globules of light into the darkness to see if it has any effect.


Yeah, I pull myself back out.


I'd like to avoid the guards for as long as possible.


You see everything, why are you even rolling?


Pink eye?


It's very poetic.


You're welcome. I did it for you, Keyleth.


My turn is over.


That's what she said? No.


Just drinking until--


At least so far they are not harassing us.


Wake up from bed!


All right, so I'm going to inch towards that open door ahead of me, see what's around the corner.


I do feel like you actually, weirdly, have a gift for that.


Yeah, somewhere he's getting a nosebleed while this happens. Four plus four plus five, so 13?


Are you talking about collapsing the middle tunnel?


What'd you roll?


Should I do something theatrical? Magicky?


I pull out the broken barrel and inspect it.


Burning another spell slot. All right, here we go.


I'm going to read this limerick. They had their own internal contest, and this was the winner, and it's really awesome. Vox Machina is a fine troupe Who knock baddies and grannies for a loop Unless they encounter a door Then their plans are no more So instead they'll just scry with their poop. (all cheer and laugh)


(mafia-style voice) How many you got?


We are twins!


Lifting boulders?


I nod, cooly, for a second, and I just turn and go (spitting).


I'm going to do it.


Let's hurry and try to get them before they go to sleep.


Lyra do you know any--


But wait. We fought-- We fought my elders, we fought the Headmaster.


She would hide!


I'm down here, too! (farting noise)


They're literally on a mission to find the kids right now.


Can we do that?


Is he still cold?


That's it, he's a mystery to the city, I suppose?


And we played golf. It was quite nice.


Good thing we didn't provoke them in the cave at all, Percival.


Yeah, Kima!


Are there any runes on the gold around that circle on the ceiling?


(whispering) Off the map, or on it?


We started something. We can't stop it now.


We go up the stairs and out.


Oh yes! Yes, we saw one of these! It's in your belly!


Yeah yeah, good, thank you for that.


Yeah? Okay, I'm going to turn back and go to check out Lady Shithead. I don't know why I'm still in this room. We should get out of here.


They paused it.


(shushing noises)


Can take this guy easily, if-- Do you fight people from afar?


Oh, that's right. I'd forgotten about that.


I can't see anything on the other side.


We understand we've broken the letter of your law, but perhaps not the spirit of your law, which is maybe more important.


Oh, shit. I mean, shoot!


Okay. How about Polymorph?


Perhaps we should talk to this Lydia as well, because she is obviously in a position of being told what she is going to do with herself.


We accept fanfic as our personal savior.


Because, you know, it occurs to me, I've never given you a full tour of the treasury room, have I?


Is it a bad idea to just be like  We're all done. We just got to go do a thing. You know where we are. We'll be right back.


Come on, guys. Get out of here.


If I hadn't taken that potion right before I leapt off--


Gatekeeper?


(choking sounds)


Like me. I'll just rap on the door with my knuckles.


We don't know yet.


I snatch it from him. Yrat, do the thing.


Goddamn it. And 25.


Oh, that’s a nine.


I think my horse is still there.


Is this--? No, this is not mountain.


So we also need maps, right? We need your maps.


Also, I'm going to back up into the wall so I can keep an eye down that.


So dear. So charming. And now you will be well-rested. Please accept this gift.


I'll go ahead and use my flaming hands.


I didn't make that, but I did make this one. And I pull down the folded ridiculous--


Yeah, he would deny it. Of course he would deny it.


When this rest is over, do we know what direction we're going in?


You're gonna have an excellent book on the mating habits of seagulls when you get back.


Got to roll again for the hit.


(whispering) You're a dead man.


Nice. That's huge.


We can climb a tree. We’re good at that.


Six. Seven was last week, and that doesn't count anymore!


(singing) The Ruby of the Sea is the best lay ever!


I'll have the bag.


Come on, Pike.


To hell!


I don't really know how to answer that question.


Everybody knows about the sea bear.


Can I hide Scanlan under my cloak? Can he use his invisibility on someone else?


Claudia. Blink once-- knock-- say you're not okay if you're not okay because you sound weird.


Yeah, yeah. Just tell him.


So dexterity, right?


Uh-huh. Do you need a towel? Do you need me to get the hard-to-reach places in your back or anything for you, while we're here?


(laughs) Keep it coming.


Yeah. It is very salty.


I am a golden god! (all laugh)


I hate chess.


I think what we're worried about most is the corrupting nature of this thing. And while the council may have good intentions, I think more than a few of us are somewhat nervous. What effect it might have on them, on us.


It's an eyeball; it doesn't have ears.


Oh! Oh, my books, in my room.


Is it a village? We don't know.


I'm going to act like I'm trying to pick the lock and help her. But I'm going to not try very hard. I'm putting on a show for her. Oh, this is a really difficult lock.


What, we're freeing them from a dragon. We are bearers of good tidings.


Yay. (counting) 26 to hit?


Okay, so the first one is a crit. Solid! That's okay.


That was part of a trade.


And he's conscious. Which is good. He's still alive.


We camped out in a few trees outside of Vasselheim.


I give them her carpet, but I also tie the endless rope thread around.


Throw things at them!


Ah, not horrible.


I'm fine, I'm fine, I cough.


Come on, Frumpy. Nine.


I think we all have our ways of coping.


I'm going to Hunter's Mark him.


Someone, quick! Draw a dick on his face!


I have a tinder box.


Did you do the--


I go ahead and cast Enhance Ability for dexterity on Scanlan over here.


Yeah, that was a lot of stuff.


I strut.


Tickle his hands and then go back really fast to the doorway.


All right then. You can let Orly know.


Interest intensifies!


From the brewery, that we took in session zero.


Come on, at least some coins falling?


What don't you have back there?


Everyone is doing their Keanu impressions.


Did you want some stew?


Saves.


I'll look at them better.


It's a dead roll, a dead roll, it's between two. That's terrible. Four.


(impact) Kind of a gooch-smashing day, so she's going to walk right up to him and slam it right into his junk, yeah?


You don't have to be embarrassed.


Oh! Halas' cape?


All right. Tornado's coming down the house. I'm going to hit these two guys with a Whirlwind again.


Oh man, yeah! On Tuesday, I think it was Tuesday, we finally got to admit, I got to say that I was in Gears of War 4. (cheering)


But this is her favored terrain!


Absolutely Grog. I love my Trinket.


About there.


In the time that Nott was gone could I spot the Allhammer temple? Just so I know where it is?


I'm going to say Trinket's back in the necklace, by the way.


Do you have any place where we can lay up?


Legendary weapons!


At the Leaky Tap?


I'm so sorry, and excited!


Interesting, all right.


I'm a naga!


Yeah, no, I'm still deliberating, sorry. Enjoy the food that you snuck in your jacket pocket. And I go back towards the front desk area. And I try and find any-- is there a lever on the wall to release the cells or can I look for keys?


Oh, sorry, yeah.


I'm going to stand next to Grog while I say this.


I'll go up.


That's better. That one keeps fucking me. What'd you say? Perception?


Jester has 13. This is Sparta!


He died! He died!


Oh man, that feels good. I haven't got that in a long time! I'm going to use the giant lollipop and it's going to raise really high up on the roof and then slam down onto it as hard as it can!


I feel like that's the key, but I want to keep looking to see how many Iron Shepherds there may be in any other location that I haven't explored.


In fact, she might be smart-- she has to keep the Spiritual Weapon in visual range, right?


I would actually like to maybe run some ideas by you. We don't walk into town, but we have the town walk out to us.


Yes, he is. Don't you feel so inspired?


You ruined your new dress.


Of course I will. Thank you very much.


All right, deal.


It's not my thing.


She's locked up.


Oh, that's true. Maybe he'll want to help if he can?


Getting a sense of the city.


-- he was lost and got separated from his mom, and I captured him up, and I tucked him up under my shirt. And over there actually--


Nice C!


Maybe. Easy pickings.


Watch your head! Points!


This is the most complicated revenge plan I've ever heard. MARISHA; I know! These fucking assholes are like, "One of us! When are you going to join our misery?!" And I'm like, "No!"


Yeah. Jewels?


Yes sir.


What, we're not going to bet again? (silence)


Yeah. I want you to kill it. And I want you to write me and tell me how you did it. Details. Lots and lots of details.


Oh, Percy, I just want to see what you're doing.


It's very hard to read them upside-down.


Lustrous hair.


Speak Rammstein and enter.


Then Vax's wardrobe rack, then me.


Did you get wishes?


You know those people skills we've been working on?


Then he's going to do that so that you have a better attack on him.


You got bark from a lightning-struck tree?


I agree with Fjord. I think we we start poking around, that thing's going to come running.


(nervous laughter)


And my compliments to the chef. Good night.


Investigation, or nature check?


Sorry, Cashew. Ooh, critical fail. I don't want to!


Cheers to a seven-hour stream.


Can we run out, try to grab him?


Hey, you know, this is going to take a while, so why don't we put it all down, and I will get to work, okay?


If we put you at unease, that was not our intention.


I squint my eyes, and I look at it real hard, and I roll a 28.


And we have a bog to destroy.


Oh boy, does everybody want a piece of this pie? (laughter)


What was that word?


Yeah, I do that. Especially with that giant red rock right there.


Kevdak. 60 feet.


We were science bros! How could he? Doty, this calls for revenge. What of his belongings are there?


Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves.


He's running away.


You clever fucker. Good god.


I have a secret for you! Did you know that in Nicodranas the pastries are made with cinnamon and here they're not? (laughter)


Can I see if I see any grass that's been laid down, like a direction that there might be people who have walked through?


Yeah, sure you do.


Oh, shit! Shut up, Ulog!


Do these resemble underwater breathing?


Percy-- stone. To go through the--


What if you write in it?


Everything's set! Run! Out the back door!


These last four are liquor.


She didn't have disadvantage. She rolled a 17 on her constitution.


It's like a hard sneeze.


500 feet. Was that long ago or recently?


12 for Fjord, nine for Yasha.


Can I Greater Restoration them?


You can do ominous whispers. It's listed.


Having seen Beau do that just then and it looked really cool, I'm going to jump off the wall with my handaxe in my hand and try to come down onto the back of the one right there.


Can I get the smell?


Because it'll be that much closer tomorrow. We can do reconnaissance from there.


It would be a really big-- you would have a tiny boat.


I walk up by my sister, and where the woman just wiped that away, I take a piece of chalk out of my pocket and write thieves' cant-- not the word "thieves' cant"-- I use the thieves' cant on the bar and say, in that language: there is a threat here. I can help you deal with it. And that's it.


(gasps) It's that big creature that - it was like one of those things that that thing put together, like--


Shit. But when it catches up to us, we'll take it back!


I'm going to spend some time in this form just studying to see if there's anything odd about this circle at all. Studying the stones.


Barry Barrington.


Do you want me to pull it out?


Well, how do you get into a tower with no doors?


Well, it's really any bodily fluid, I believe. I could piss. I could barf.


What about this? How about we don't sleep in the tunnel? We barricade that up and we just sleep in the cellar. Not the tunnel, the cellar.


I don't think there was a verb in that sentence.


Equal to 1d8 plus my spellcasting ability.


Seven. I burn to death.


That's 11 points of damage. Ah! These are rolls! These are good rolls today.


Six plus five, 11 points of damage. And a bonus action, I'll shoot again. That is a 21 to hit.


She may move if you move away from her 30 feet; she may just come with you.


He's probably made a delicious meal.


That is 13 points of damage.


Yes, so if we have a Heroes' Feast, that will take care of one thing. And I have two chalices because we never used the one.


No. My first attack is going to be a grapple and with the second attack, I'm going to shank him.


You need d10s.


No, it'll scar anything. It just creates a very high heat.


It's good!


But my new hand is so cool!


(cocking crossbow) Fluffernutter!


There are no really large, scarred people in here.


My favorite NPC character is a little butler who I think became--


Yeah, you might be even in his face at this point.


About that time I walk over to the-- is there a stone wall in here?


I didn't know Rhodey's, Rhodey's a father, that's an interesting development.


We could ask Zahra, but she's busy with research.


Oh. Which one?


For the third one, I'm going to go for a head shot instead of a Sharpshooter.


And maybe we should convert. I should just stab myself in the eye right now.


Scoot on out. Scoot it.


(unsure) Yes?


I don't know. I don't know anything.


That's a little better. 20


Yes! Let's go in quick!


Where's the Ozmit Sea?


Ey! (laughter)


These two new shirts.


Okay, well then you go.


Somebody's dead.


We can ambush them.


Yasha's gone.


Find out how close we are to Vasselheim.


And we're so curious as to any of these interesting and fascinating things that you've developed in the several weeks it's been since we've been here. We'd love to see what you've been working on.


I think kids do that sort of stuff a lot.


Okay, wisdom? Which is a negative two. 16.


Braiding hair.


Minus the fact that I wasn't the star of the adventure, I'll halve the rest of it. Do you have a tax ID or some sort of tax-exempt status?


If I examine it, do I detect any magic on it?


Can Doty put it back?


That's a Kama Sutra. Correct, Liam O'Brien. Maybe two more. Two more. The Curled Angel.


Cabazon!


Yeah, I was going to say we probably took stock of any colors we have that we can run up that aren't associated with the Squalleater.


For pocket change?


I hear a laugh. Oh, have I heard this laugh before?


Oh, people die all the time.


Oh, it's the bonus.


It's customary to show respect by jingling the bells.


What's Westruun like? Pittsburgh?


Yeah, and I'll throw a Fireball. Burn the place down. Extermination.


Rage, take out my sword and try to hit it between the eyes.


You said one saved?


(singing) Talk to the hand!


Why are you rolling twice?


Who's hosting the new series-- Oh, fuck. I'd better start working on that right now. Oh. It's going to be great. No, I'm having a lot of fun. We're putting it together, and--


Grog, what do you think? Should we let him live?


(laughing) Oh my god, she's got a caffeine fucking IV under the desk. Holy shit.


I guess you should've left the hammer, shouldn't you?


It's just that Vecna gets to go between us.


When Caleb and I were in the clink, there was a guy in there who had committed mail fraud.


Ozmit Sea, so it's over here.


Well, I'm glad we went with the blue dress after that cape turned all the other colors of nature and it's like, you are covered.


Yes. I didn't do anything.


Wait. What? You think it's poisoned?


It's rude.


I mean, the thing is-- I'll come out, obviously. I'm going to come out of the mansion. And I'll immediately see Pike.


Oh, dude! Yeah, those are hilarious.


Yeah, do you want to take the speed potion, Grog?


Google? Maybe we could Google it?


Yeah, I can't watch this.


Don't be creepy, Grog. (laughter)


Come up.


But if you were going to suspect somebody, who would it be?


Okay, that's fine. 10 plus 13 is 23.


What's your name, friend?


It's always the right move.


Oh my goodness! Well, I'm going to click on it right now.


I did use Uncanny Dodge.


Can I cast-- Let me take a look really quick if I can do this. Sentinel. Can I cast Sentinel on myself?


We'll go looking for things tomorrow. We can go shopping.


We don't even have to put the tar inside, it could be outside.


Okay, and then I can, as a bonus action, still get a bonus? I will heal him, this doofus here.


(slurring) You're the best, Fjord.


I like him!


Do you resurrect him? (Eeyore voice) I guess.


(whispering) Hush, Percy.


Yeah, it's wasted.


Isn't all the ocean the same?


We've got a little nuke in our pocket.


I just woke up and went, (groans). Passed back out again.


Yeah, let me go ahead and do it.


Wait for me.


Oh. That's great. Natural 19. That's a 21.


Okay. Of course. I'm sorry if I was out of line.


Come on, Grog! Come on! That's my Guidance.


(grunts) Hunh!


Who hits Scanlan?


You can still fight around it. They just can't get in.


So romantic.


Okay, so he gets into my realm-- one of them is within--


Right now, somewhere, there's a man on an airship going, "Do you see it yet?"


I can keep track of it for you, gladly!


All right, Yasha!


Granted, we're going to the giants now.


I am not going to look at that table at all tonight. All auditory for you three. Sorry.


Yeah, I'm good, thank you. (laughter)


I love it, Grog. I think you look great.


I had, like, twelve stuffed in there.


I'll have to say that we might be the answer he's looking for. We're removed from the actual situation. We're more delivery by happenstance more than anything else. We have our own questions and problems and concerns which can only be answered by someone who has a better grasp of the situation.


If anybody falls, I can make them fall gently. That's on the list.


Coconut shrimp.


I have a potion if you need it, Beau.


Khaleesi!


Oh my gosh, Zahra! She's so wonderful. I love her so much!


Yeah, what's your Mass Healing Word?


Vax, Vax, quick!


It's doughnuts.


Okay. That's what we do, right?


The most magical part of this trick is is that it makes me a quadruple threat: Actor! Singer! Professional Lover of Ladies! And now, Professional Magician. Thank you, Loot Crate. (cheering)


The clouds disperse, the immediate danger over, but the royal family lies on the throne room floor, catatonic. Upon inspection, their souls are missing and their bodies failing. The party recalls the four glowing orbs they recovered from the Clasp headquarters behind Modeth, now identified as soul jars, and through a rigorous and tense evening, all souls are successfully restored to the family. A few days pass, and Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei calls the party for audience. He thanks them all for their bravery, heroism, and for saving him, his family, and quite possibly all of Emon. As thanks, he offers them a place on the Tal'Dorei Council and informs them of his intent to throw another Winter's Crest festival to make up for the ones ruined in Westruun, and here via assassination attempt, where they will be celebrated as heroes! He has also commissioned the construction of a keep for them on the outskirts of Emon as a sign of his very deep gratitude. A week later, the festival begins! The populace is out in full force to meet and celebrate Vox Machina, but during the festivities, the party notices Uriel's son Gren speaking to another child-- one with black hair and golden eyes. They immediately spring to apprehend the child, but he escapes with Uriel's son. They give chase, following him into an alley, and through a portal of some kind. The party finds themselves atop a large island drifting through the Astral Plane, surrounded by a perilous bramble forest. They fight their way through, eventually coming upon a gothic mansion towards the center of the landmass. Within, the party makes their way to the inner library, where numerous kidnapped children are working all about the place, cleaning nervously. The Dread Emperor, as he calls himself, stands from his chair, the child illusion fading into a golden-armored man with long, black hair, four children chained at the neck to his breastplate. He attacks the party with fierce magic, mind-controlling all of his child servants to attack as well. With the first blow dealt, they realize that damaging him also hurts the chained children, one boy accidentally falling in battle to Keyleth's magic. Eventually, they succeeded in destroying the Dread Emperor and return to Emon with a host of lost children, happily now found. Six months of peace follow as their new keep is constructed, and the party scatters to their separate business until its completion. Upon their return, they assess their new abode with delight, naming it Greyskull Keep. They then send out job inquiries, seeking guards for hire, and servants. After an impromptu try-out, they settle upon their new hires.


I pat him on the ribs.


Right, with that action, I would like to go into-- does it take an action to rage?


I figured. That was my guess. I wanted to confirm.


We gotta make it across the lawn first.


I'm going to, using that momentum, do a helicopter flourish above and go crack down over top.


You know what, I'm sorry, I'm going to get off his back.


Point.


Okay, I'd like to pick that lock.


I'm going to jump off my horse and get on the ground and feel the ground. Do I feel any vibrations?


Fuck. Can I also pass him something when I'm there?


She offered me a way back, and it was the only way back. I wasn't coming back, not after that. Not without her blessing.


What I do is I favorite the geekandsundry.com website. I check it every morning when I wake up. That's what I do. It's my news in the morning.


Well, I don't want there to be any sort of implied favors or anything that I have to return later. If you're all right with it, I'd like to just keep this business, thank you.


But he woke up before, maybe we should leave it with him in case he needs it later.


Only grows here.


What is that? 22.


Okay, so this is the new thing. d10 plus five plus eight. Plus another--


I sing at it. I will sing  (singing) Yenk, you will be our friend, travel through the portal and back again. Your heart is true, you're a fiend and a confidant. Boom boom boom. (speaking) All right, so I will Dominate Monster, with the hand cone.


What did it look like?


No bueno.


You better remember this when you wake up. (laughter)


How hurt are you?


Nothing powerful comes without a price. We saw that. We just saw that with the Raven Queen. Power comes at a price. You think that wonderful things are going to be pulled out of your hands here, and there's going to be no consequences?


Pull out Mythcarver.


Stop making eye contact. Look down!


Okay, never mind, then.


Can I throw him the fuck away from the dragon? Pick him up and chuck him towards Lyra?


Big-ass tall Doc Martens.


A beholder.


Yeah, that's it.


Well, I'm doing the whole kit and caboodle.


Hi, baby! It's been so long. Man, you look good. Aw, man, I'm so distracted by your beauty. Hey, let's kick some ass together, shall we?


Just one slam attack? Nope. Definitely not.


Well, there we go. See?


Right. We're not going to be able to turn the floor.


I would like for her to be happy. I would like for him to love her. I don't know. I would like for her to not have to work anymore.


Yeah, x-ray her!


Oh no, oh god, Scanlan.


Because I've sailed there before.


Pike and I charge out of the tunnel.


I'm moving towards those stairs.


I think he would lose--


Yeah, we've got to do both at the same time, ideally. There's got to be a team one and a team two on the guy. I've got my throwing darts, but they're not super great.


That's why we're twins.


That's amazing. I used my last magic poo to look at my daughter!


It takes a while, but yes.


He's got to make an intelligence saving throw.


And generally those public records tend to need to be open for--


Oh, my name is Philip.


Frumpkin is still just a sweet little bird, so I thought maybe a little quick flight in--


Oh wait, but wait! Don't let Lady Briarwood in the circle of healing.


Sorry, I usually just do it when it's dark.


Nothing fun.


You got any Kahlua back there?


Walk in the park.


I can't believe I find myself agreeing with Nott here. We should get out of town while it's still possible.


I need to get more.


(shouting) Fuck yeah, buddy! (cheering)


All right. Oh, good, and I have an escape route. That'll do really nicely. This is going to be fun. I'm going to Bugs Bunny this lady. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take a shot--


I have your armor, and Keyleth-- are you all right? Are you really here?


No, you don't want to see the sword.


Hi! Hey, our partner this week is D&D Beyond, that's www.dndbeyond.com. They'd like to invite Critters to check out "And Beyond," the monthly developer update and Q&A session for D&D Beyond. D&D Beyond product director Adam Bradford will share the latest thing the team is working on and answer questions from the community. The next stream will take place tomorrow, the 16th of February, at 11:00pm-- nope-- 11:00am Pacific. Check it out at twitch.tv/dndbeyond and to celebrate, I'm giving out a prize tonight. It's another contest, all of you can play, and here's the rules: using D&D Beyond, you have to create a character, right now, a level three character, any character, go!


And deals damage.


No, I'm Cali.


And you're going to bring them up if you can.


Eyeball death!


It may be all it takes.


Vex, look at me! Oh, shit.


I have not seen a picture of my brother without his.


So hang on one second, real quick, he's dressed as a guard?


His voice is sexy.


Now I heard it yell at whatever-- down this line-- I can't see that it's him, though.


Okay, okay. You don't know us.


I thought you said the first one was a crit.


There's giants up ahead.


Did he roll well?


Would I know about this?


How old were you?


You were so drunk.


Great first date.


Whoa, it's creepy!


Just eat your pigeon and come along, Grog.


He's an astronaut without a ship.


That's an oval.


I've got enough complications around me as it is.


Wait, 19 extra?


It's folded like this.


Okay. Ja.


I'm going to move in this direction. Hug the wall.


Excellent. No offense.


Well, no, we just had a lot of secrets. (silence)


That's the name.


Hey Fjord, have you had any more weird dreams?


I would be so delighted.


Like a cousin?


Sorry, friend. Yeah, that's a purple heart, sorry man. Jeez.


You were on your way out the door, and then we talked you into staying for a little longer because we were getting into the fight and you were like, "Okay, I'll stay."


I need a drink now.


(yelling) Do you know Pumat Sol? (laughter)


Like Johnny New York.


No, they're dwarves.


You can dance.


Is it three rolls? I don't understand the game.


Let's look around. Are there any dwarves in the vicinity?


Actually, no. I give him five gold.


I will fly up next to Grog and put my Healing Touch hand on his shoulder and heal him a lot. (hums) 31.


It certainly felt like something was trying to reach through.


Doors out of here?


Maybe something like, choke upon your woe.


(laughing) What is that thing?


Have you ever had any pastries?


I pass them by. Try to catch up.


They've got poison or something. They've got poison magic.


Halfway through announcements.


We're okay, kids. We're okay. It is a 20, even.


Can you see in this room right now?


(cackles) That's the lie that goes through.


I feel like we all need to rest.


Do we want to end this really quickly?


I know, I know, I know.


Since they technically have some undead around them?


Or humor.


Give me the charm.


Punch and Judy box, yeah.


He has-- yes.


In the party, if anyone's holding coin, because I don't have much at all. I don't need much, but we do need healing potions.


No, you have the book. I thought you were lying to the guy. You actually have the book, right?


That's why!


The Bastion of Flesh is who he wants us to kill?


I'm going to douse the flames. I'm going to run down to the priest and douse the flames, and then give Caleb a good slap on the face.


That ring of keys that he gave us approximately how many keys are on that thing?


She took 24 twice!


That's a critical, right? I'm assassinating this mother fucker.


Dice plus what?


Does that happen lickety-split, the second guard comes down?


I like it. Are we taking anybody with us?


My man Fjord is up!


Yeah. Almost bit it, out there.


Yes. Thank God.


Does he have any coin on him at all?


Sorry, buddy, it's a 31.


As we walk, I'm going to ask Fjord, did you catch any weird twitches, or any signs that he was lying?


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves--


Can I cast Cure Wounds on Trinket? And I cast him to 20. Second level. I rolled.


I think we're pretty well taken care of at this point.


I'll stay at the front.


That would be ten.


We shouldn't clue them off that we're here.


Easy there, tiger.


You just killed that old man. Well done, Nott.


Go, Keyleth. Go.


All right, so that's Sneak Attack damage. So that is four plus eight is 12, plus psychic damage, that's 19, plus the Sneak Attack damage is 22, 26, 27, 32, 37, 40, 44 total.


You know, people are going to start--


Well, I just remembered that I was supposed to deliver a personal message to the High-Richter, and I can't remember where they live. Do you know?


Mm-hmm! 11 damage.


That sounds like a thing, right?


Wait, we hear her say something, I mean, she's not underwater drowning or anything.


And then I've got a grit left, so fuck it, I'm gonna-- oh no, because I can't switch weapons fast enough. Never mind. I'm gonna call it.


Does it look real?


Contraption.


And Bigby's dissipates, I assume.


Okay, I'm just gonna reach in the bag of holding and pull out the hand.


I got 28.


Lame.


My type of dwarf. Maybe we'll can use him as a merc later or something. All right, another time then.


It's like Dumb and Dumber with the gloves.


She does. Yeah, I mean, that's a whole thing, I don't think that's a bad idea, but I feel like if I go there, I need to stay for a bit.


I was just working that out.


And, technically, me.


What? Ow! (cheering)


That was Lady Vex'ahlia, the Baroness of Whitestone. I could sue you! I could sue you for negligence.


Yeah, we've got to learn a little bit before we kill all of them.


That doesn't seem very nice.


I guess. I mean--


I didn't have to do anything, Scanlan!


On the fall?


Ooh, god.


14. Plus, what am I adding? Oh, nine. Plus nine.


The guards? The captain of the guards has been taking care of everything?


Deception. Oh. Ten?


I know this place, you guys! Let's go down the left one.


Hi. (crying sounds) (all laugh)


Shoot him up, and have him come down.


I wrote down that I have a hypnotic pattern somehow. Was that a patch or was that something else?


Eight. (All laugh.)


Why don't we hang onto it for now? In a moment of peril, we can throw it or smash it.


Beep boop.


34, so that's 39.


You know he's dead, right?


I don't think they're expecting anyone from here.


Let's see how we feel?


No, good, yeah.


But after the rope, I'm going to try to Sleep.


Oh, by not killing the hydra? Because that's what you just did.


Can we get in a place that boulders won't hit us? If we get right up against the cliff face?


That is 24.


A sign?


That's right.


Yeah, in time for your turn.


In that endless jug? Or does it only make beer and mayonnaise?


Or collapse it.


It has.


Is he a pit fiend?


I'm pulling out the little keg of black powder that Nott stole from the pirate ship.


That's my first action. I'm going to use my bonus action to turn to my sister and go, what the hell do we do?


No, this is the next one!


Yeah, halfway down. But you can leave him up there for the moment.


I match pace with the crownsguard eventually, the one that's following us.


It's the Kryn dynasty.


I was gonna say that was a good one.


Oh, yeah. Yeah.


Good resource.


You can!


Yeah, but the wagon will come from the carnival straight to the bodies. Isn't that weird?


I mean like, I don't-- oh, no.


This is my own bag of holding.


Or whoever gets the lowest has to tell.


Are we doing initiative or are we just going?


The second hit is a 22.


That's all I've got. From Keyleth.


Yeah, no thanks to him. And for a bonus, I guess I will inspire Darin De Paul, or rather, Sprigg.


This is what I wore this time in the first campaign.


I got the blade on his tail, and I'm there.


She runs?


Okay, so I did. So I can technically afford this.


Don't clap!


She just needs some time.


Some open mouth, closed mouth kind of shit. I'm just going to need a lot of-- I'm going to need a palette to work with.


Add ten to it because of Pass Without a Trace.


Do these people look like they're in the mood to stop?


What turns them like that? Is there something in the water?


He prefers--


With that, let's find Kima, perhaps. That would be the best course of action.


While we're here?


So if dudes came in here and put stuff in sacks, there wouldn't be scrapes.


She knows everything.


Written by Seven Corbo.


I'm trying to calm the water as much as I can.


You there! What is the commotion?


Later, in the hospital waiting room.


The other wall.


That might be my favorite one. That might be my favorite one you've done. That was good.


While this is going on, I'm asking Captain Adella's crew for towels. Could I get a towel? Or some sort of-- I'm really wet, here.


I'm going to just literally yell at the top of my lungs in the middle of the crowd: I'm looking for the best pub in this bloody town!


I don't give a fuck! I go into a rage! (cheering)


I think we're mixing. I think the streams are crossing.


Can we see how deep the hole goes?


I do another thunder sound right when I pull it, so it doesn't make noise.


Hey. How you doing?


The elephant ate this too.


You have advantage, so maybe one of those would be a 20 if you rerolled them with their advantages.


I see a hole that goes to the outside now.


They are like stormtroopers.


She's almost ready! She's so beautiful.


Oh, his name was Kashaw. Brother Kashaw. He was a cleric. But he wasn't a cleric to Sarenrae, he was actually a cleric to this demon goddess named Vesh.


Maybe we should just sleep here and rest up and spend the night, wake up in the morning, head back to Whitestone.


I should! I should. And I will.


How do you come by learning Halfling?


Is this a headlining, prime time night? Or does she get the off nights and matinées?


So we're... we're there.


Oh. Jester's asleep.


Oh. Getting fancy now, Scanlan Shorthalt.


Can I heal Grog?


Does your Raven Queen regenerate lost footsies?


That was a little ham-fisted, but he does speak the truth. Gilmore makes a quality item.


We gave the carpet to them.


Plus, you're an eel. It's a 10 AC.


Dick.


It's not the time, Nott!


One other thing, we heard a gentleman over at the bar speaking, and someone called out to him, "Marius LePual." Does that ring-- how do you say that name?


I am... from...


I get advantage on that.


Oh shit. Sorry.


God dammit. All right.


Three, four, five, six, seven, eight. I'm sorry. You said 8d6?


Before we go, can I shit-scry?


Gilmore will be of great help.


Except it gives away our position in this endeavour.


Definitely! Prime tickets to a UFC fight.


Is that for the dog or—


I'll take a big swig of shitty alcohol.


That sounds good, yeah.


That'll do.


It's a song.


Science.


My name's Grog.


I am not going to answer her. I'm just walking very firmly, with purpose, to the docks.


On stealth.


25.


You're going to get drunk, but you're not going to get sleepy.


Lady Vex'ahlia. Great fighter, very brave.


Well, it grows here, so it grows there.


Watching everybody run forward, forming this delicious mosh pit right there in the middle, can I go into a frenzied rage? Can I book ass towards all these bastards and see if I can get close to this little prick?


That too.


Molly's was pretty good.


That's all right. Worth it. This halfling's hot.


The attack.


Just two bad-asses, back to back, ready to go.


Will JB be there at the exorcism?


Holy shit, look at the size of that thing. What the hell?


21. The second one was--


-- afternoons at the workshop, and then an hour and a half every night enchanting it.


There's a time difference.


It's going to be dark down there.


That was a ki point! A very valuable ki point!


I'm no longer Minxie to eat breakfast with my friends.


And her holy symbol that fell to the ground.


Okay. I put it in my bag.


And that's 17 to hit.


Kinda what I was expecting, to be magnificently frank.


Okay, I don't know if I can still do this as a bonus action. Can I try to slowly move us a little forward?


Hold it!


Maybe if we offer Taliesin's new character in exchange for our lives, we can get out of this.


You know how it works?


Back in the game.


You're our leader, friend. Do we continue?


Yes. All right. I scoop up Scanlan and go piggyback style, like he's my son, and jump on the beach.


Are you insinuating that JB isn't trustful?


"I'm just going to make him cry"!


We can try it. We have gold.


Oh, fine. Then I'm going to target the other one with another grit for advantage. That's cocked. Feels bad, I liked that roll.


Is he bruised? Is there a slap mark? I mean, is there any blood? Anything to tell me that I might be doing a good job?


To be fair, I've been flying a lot longer than you have, Vax.


Northeast.


Just set it up.


Work that shit. This is--


I think we got to.


It seems like-- yeah? So, Chent goes over there and checks it out.


It's cleared out.


Rat Queens. It's great. Yeah!


I'm going to look for traps, as we go.


Another 12 damage.


Did you see any motion? Any slaves?


Will you let our friend down?


Escorting this boy to his home.


And cut open her bonds.


I'm going to move around the cages or between them, so that I turn completely invisible.


They're going to splat.


Yes, that's quite good. I love your hat.


But yes, you're right. You're right, that's a fair point.


Oh man. Kill our own guest?


I think he's still listening.


Scanlan, you've missed everything!


I love them.


Just do what you're going to do.


We have three days to get home. It's hard. You were reading it a little bit fast


I'll see how the first arrow hits?


Oh god!


Did we understand correctly that it's the baby that cried out is the big monster? The big boss?


I love making nature checks. Yes! 17.


I think we're taking a break.


I think I would like to, if there's a way, I'd like to angle it somehow so that he will drop right on top of Grog. I feel like Grog can do something to a falling behemoth.


I knew he was going to go for the gold. That's what he thought he was going to do.


Yeah, I just knocked over a wine bottle.


Here I am.


Did you say 'a leek'?


I'll roll for Jester.


They just call me Percy.


In terms of?


The guy that came running back.


I'm going to saunter further down the alleyway. This has a 150-foot range.


Where do you hail from, hydra?


The horror, the horror.


I don't disagree with any of that.


Yes, sort of.


I would have chased after them, immediately, when it took off.


And then I think we also put one on the top of the loot for the dragon?


Bust through this shit or undo it? Do we have a way to cancel the seal out?


I grab the back of his britches and I pull him back. Nope, nope, Wilhand.


Yeah! Fuck yeah!


But everyone's coming this way, right? Everyone's coming this way? Then I'm going to-- fucking hell. How does Fire Storm work? I know it's ten ten-foot cubes. Does it have to be on the ground, or can I hit him up there? Can I rain-- "justice rains from above!" Can I do that?


I'm gonna stand with my back against the wall that she's built up. Like that, yeah.


A bit too little, too late, but sure, yeah.


So many soldiers everywhere.


Oh, hi, dragon!


Yes! That didn't count because it slipped out of my hand. That was even worse than the other one. So 11. It slipped out of my hand. It shouldn't count if it goes like that! 20.


Bikram yoga.


Old jokes.


Can I go ahead and start conjuring Sunbeam?


What, you're sucked in the ground? No!


Okay. Minus five. That's gonna miss. That's 18.


Who's screaming?


It is cocked.


I'm going to take a healing potion.


Do you like it? How much is that?


I like where we are positioned, what do you think?


I was into it, I didn't feel demeaned by it. It makes me feel good, makes me feel safe.


I'll take a dwarf.


Five points of damage, okay.


I lie on the floor.


I mean, I'm not the only one who thinks she's more dangerous than he is at this point.


All right, go get it. (laughter)


Are we trying to go back to these things where they live? Their lair, their home, their camp? Or are we hoping to luck into them on the road or--?


Could you tell me what a beholder is first? Because I don't know.


Anywhere that they serve some sort of meat salad, I imagine. (laughter)


Do we notice them whispering?


He's just doing it.


(exaggerated Texas drawl) Hexblade's Curse.


So we have not had a full rest?


Eldritch Blast, 14?


It's like Critical Role's favorite things.


Over half those facts at the beginning are actually true. Even if they've been goosed a bit.


But Disguise Self, to where we look dry.


I mean it's in the same range, I guess.


Hey, Percy, are these books arranged in any order? Chronological, name, anything? Oh, you didn't see anything when you looked?


What if we go try to look at the body and then we accidentally fall on one of the guards and we make him drop it and then Nott picks it up and runs away?


Just, just don't open it.


Disengage!


Better than I expected, to be sure.


I'm just going to hold still for a second and listen. Do I hear anything?


When they get here, we're going to look at everything.


Good call, Tiberius. Good call. I agree, it is rather cold.


You should check it out!


Like an asshole. 13.


I pull back through the portal, obviously, but.


Do we get to see the Musketeers?


Where's my d6?


Yoga position.


He's bearing down on us. We need to tell Pike. We need to warn the authorities. We need to tell the Temple of Bahamut, the Slayer's Take.


I am a fan of obscure Picasso art. And sketches. Maybe Hundertwasser sketches, or something. (laughter)


A contract, a job. Can we just get out there, please, and do what we have to do?


I skip on in and (gibberish yell).


Night dolphins!


11, 24.


He looked like a moron. That was amazing.


No clothes?


The three of us can fly.


I'm going to run around the corner. Give me that right over here. Yeah, so I can see all three of them, at least.


I'll hold my action until after Pike's turn.


Illusion Keg is clanging down.


Yay, sheltered kids! Hey. Awkward.


Sorry, sir. Trying to keep my mouth shut.


We can instantly transport anywhere.


Like, designed by man?


I am going to tell you the story of how I murdered my mother and father.


Let's see. Well, I believe that trapped within that gate is the beautiful Queen Nefertiti. I think she should just go slamming her ass all up and down that hallway.


Well, you know.


Right. At advantage because of the boots. What do I have to match?


If they know that we're watching it would disturb them.


So it's quite literally a family business. We're closed, retired. Bars in front of it.


Make the beat drop.


Hold onto me, though, because we're going fast.


"Their logo is neat? Were you kicked in the head by a donkey? Okay, forget the product, just be funny. Tell a joke."


It's a human centipede.


No, yeah. Yeah. I'll go give it a look.


It is. But you can never have enough hammers. Do you mind if I--?


(forced giggling) I'm staying at the Lavish Chateau!


You can talk to them.


Why, Nott? Why do you need him to be powerful?


We have a chance to stop anything worse from happening, or we have a chance to unleash something far worse on it.


Okay! (whack) I deck him right across the face. Yeah, I'll take that, 16.


I think Trinket's an elemental.


Grog could do it.


Hold that thought.


Oh, this is the very special beer.


He can roll his saving throw.


Why? Your hands are a little clammy. Oh god! Why are you sweating? Why are you nervous? You're nervous!


How close do you need to be, Caleb?


Do you guys want food now, or do you want to wait until the break?


Not nice.


The sphinx.


Can I punch it?


While that was happening, I'm close to the edge of the tent, and at some point I just (snap) and summoned Frumpkin. I have a 30-feet outside the tent, so Frumpkin's out there.


You steal my bird, you die.


And I have a little bit of movement, right?


Apparently people are listening to everything.


Flush.


Okay. Whenever a woman tells me to sit on something, I do. (laughter)


No. I mean, I rarely did anyway. I stole it, but now I don't have to do that either!


Like ballistic gel?


I'll give all my cows a hug for you.


And when you become a part of the tribe, you take a blood oath and you get a name, and I was given the name Orphan Maker. When you become a part of the tribe, as time goes on, you are given a mate. But I fell in love with someone else that was not chosen for me, and we got married privately.


So wait, do I get two inspiration dice?


And about what, 40 feet up? 50 feet up?


That was deep.


Can I hide for my bonus action as rogue?


So he clamps down on her arm.


Yeah, it's pretty.


Do you need any help securing this solution?


Every time one of these heads comes back, does it gain hit points?


I rolled a 37.


Okay, 14, then.


I'll get insurance!


So taking a hold is an action? I don't understand.


We need to be able to swim.


Sabian was?


It's very opposite of how I look.


The library.


-- of course for an additional charge. What if we took the whole lot of those for 6,000 gold?


I did. Hi, sorry. For those of you on Twitter, you now know what I was just doing. Yes, I'm going to be at Oni Con. I'm flying to Oni Con in Galveston, Texas at 6:30 tomorrow morning. Yay.


So you wish to hire us. How much? We are very experienced, but we'd like to know what we're talking about in advance. What kind of money are we talking about?


I think that-- I don't know. I wasn't counting.


We don't know what he has access to.


But I think it's daytime, right?


I know what these things are.


(panting heavily) Big deal!


That's actually what I was thinking.


My invisible pantaloons.


We'll take a short rest into a long rest. So he can finish reading and then we can sleep.


Metal's valuable, man.


That is so generous, Nott!


I drag my little friend along with me. You are going to like this, this is something very special.


I think we're going to have to reignite our planning thread.


Shakäste. We'll get a keg later, Keg. [laughter]


I want to try the bear hug again. I want to grapple him.


It could blow up your face. It could blow up your face. Yeah, it's a boom-boom stick. That's the alchemical term.


What are you going to--


Vax shoves another flagon in front of Keyleth.


Just do that.


She's going to stay.


I toss the robe back on her.


I knew I saw you drooling!


It's an 11 plus-- just my natural like--


Oh, that's mean.


Yeah. Me, too.


Wait, you said you were doing tests on it, right? Did you throw things at it? Did it blow up?


We should probably pull over or something and look around and see.


The one with the shitty beard?


You could stand on top of me.


We have to find her. She's somewhere close.


I'm sorry, Caleb! I failed you.


All right. (sing-song) I'm going to Guiding Bolt him right up the butt! (laughter)


And then we try to defeat her after that?


(whispers) Thank you, Zahra.


11-- 16 points of damage on the first one.


He took a lot of damage.


Do you want to bequeath me?


That's who he wrote to, though.


Thankfully, it's not sneak attack, but I rolled a natural 20 and rolled a one, so the dice get doubled to two, plus my modifier of six on the flame tongue is eight, so he gets hit for eight hit points of damage. Do I see a gnome or a fox?


I heard growling. Did the bear try to kill you? I mean Trinket.


I'll do one person. Who's closest to me?


I mean, we could use one of our pre-planned strategies.


Yeah, 826LA, they're a non-profit organization that helps primarily with literacy and creative story children for children between the ages of like five and 18. They have a really great young authors book that you can buy that's a collection of all of the kids' book, and you can also go and check out the time travel mart, there's one in Echo Park and then there's also one in Marina Del Rey. But you should just google 826, 'cause I know there's one in Seattle, I know there's one in like Atlanta. New York, San Francisco. There might be an 826 in your city.


Can I see down the blue thing?


Do you want us to do something?


Okay, I'm going to-- I'm good, right? I'm going to run up and pull out that holy water that I didn't use before. I'm going to parkour off of Yasha's shoulder and spike it right at his feet.


Okay. 15 for the leg. 10 for the arm.


We might have straws.


I played Jester, a tiefling cleric.


How is it they didn't design this to fit into a car.


I'm going to jog her memory.


I'll come with you, as well.


That's what I was going with that!


I am so calm, doing this. I'm going to shoot again, same thing. That's 12.


What if there's a skyship in here?


(hacking cough)


She's still alive. That means she's still alive.


We really need to make that leash for him, like we said we were going to.


But they-- in a similar way they disrespected me, didn't see the true Scanlan that I could've been.


I was going to find Kashaw and see if he would run the letter to the Slayer's Take and be our emissary and convince them to do this so that we're not doing everything ourselves.


Okay. So we'll take a stroll. Shop, see what the area's like.


Emon Community College.


Hey! You can go away.


Is it your underwear?


I also made sure in the letter that they know that he is returning to Whitestone with this money, so that if he, somehow-- if it's mismanaged by any of the guards or otherwise that it will be taken care of.


Clenched Fisht.


I'm going to need a cheap gauntlet, some saddling straps, three tankards, a pick-axe, and two clocks.


Yeah, I would have. Because I have really high perceiving.


Like a vitamin?


Definitely food and water. We are also in the need of some gems if possible. I'll also say that if they require any healing at all, for anybody that might be sickly on the ship. I'd be happy to offer my services.


11 plus three is 14. 14 points of slashing damage.


Three hands! Four.


Where we fought the hydra, maybe.


That's why you're going to send Pike with me. No, I'm just kidding, I would never.


Is that blood? Is that blood all over you? Did she hurt you?


We just woke up, we're real tired, okay?


Big money-- (screams in anger). Fucking shit, what is with these fucking rolls! 18. Sorry, sorry, no, that's super wrong.


Oh Jesus. Oh no.


What, who? Who is?


Kill them.


Pike's so brave. So brave.


I have just turned the corner towards Vax's room. I'm probably just now in eyesight.


Can I see if he's truthful? Insight?


He finally snapped! He covered himself in fake blood!


I don't know. We were flexing our muscles a little bit.


Don't put your dick in the peanut butter too much.


Eight for Vax.


Do you have Pass Without a Trace, Vex?


Thank gods for that.


It's not that kind of a tunnel!


She's the only one who's got arms and legs right now.


How do I find it, exactly. When did we talk to her?


Oh, sneak attack.


I set the boat on fire and kill us all. (laughter)


I'll assist in that perception check.


Is she your leader?


We didn't really ask, did we?


Quite possibly.


And we've got a bunch of acid in Grog's bag.


He's a traveling salesman that sells politics. He's not anything all that fancy.


What-- where am I?


I was really excited by this thing. It's a shame to dismantle it.


I'm just going to say, "Hi. It's a little warm in here. Here, cool off." And I'll throw acid on him. (laughter)


Do we sleep before we get to go kill shit?


I've been breathing on them.


We're working on Marvel Masterpiece. Unopened. We've got some Kirby cards, some classic Avengers cards. We're doing a little bit of everything. We've got a couple we're working on, though. Marvel Universe Series One of Three is what we're really working on.


I'm going to do 50 feet. Above his head, back a little bit, and right into his head. That diagonal line is probably just the edge of 60. And since Grog is hugging him, it's sneak attack, and he's grappled, which means I have advantage, so it is 25. Which should hit if I was paying attention to the ACs. Two, we'll say is ten, plus the sneak attack damage is 15, 18, 22, 25, 28, 31, 35 plus the psychic damage. 35 plus-- I need an eight. Somebody give me an eight. Where's an eight? 38.


I tried to save it.


It was 60.


You gave away your ring.


Even if it accidentally hits it, it's toast.


I understand, Matthew. I'm fucked. It's fine.


We go to 11.


Her. He. Monster. That first one was 21.


But we're moving, I know.


Great! Then you can play with me! (all laugh)


Hey-oh.


One more insult, madam, and you will find your whole establishment on fire.


I would actually say breathe underwater would be the safer bet in case something happens. If we have to escape, we don't want to necessarily rely on your consciousness.


I don't know what I add to it.


Where'd you go? Oh my god! Oh hi.


Show me your work.


It was worth a shot, right? I mean. You would have kicked yourself if you hadn't asked and later she was like, "Oh yeah, by the way."


Glass sphere?


Who's got the beads?


Can I insight check Asshole?


We're not dead! And I cast Cure Wounds on myself.


Number one lesson. The one takeaway tonight. The one takeaway is just how OP Vax'ildan is. (laughter)


It might be smart to be down in the cellar tonight, not up.


How about since I looked last?


The top of what?


And I'm invisible, so that's an 18. That is 29 to hit. Using the blunt end! I just want to knock him out.


I'm going to try, yeah, on the visible elbow.


Oh, no, you're right.


What's the matter, do you have a cold?


Oh my god, you rolled 19 twice in a row.


How far are we from the tower in this little house?


I'm going to just see if there's any loose books on lower shelves that I can grab on my way out.


Okay, you will Message us, and then you will Message the others?


Yes, I would agree.


He talks?


I sing at it.


There's nobody to attack.


I'm going to blow a Resolve. That'll be fun, because that was bullshit. 18?


Take it back.


Which is eight, and I rolled a 18.


If you miss with it.


I think you get a wish!


Are they all dead, or are they injured?


A lot could happen.


Awesome.


Oh yeah. Some of that was lightning damage. That was two points of lightning damage. Because they're made of metal. I don't know if that did anything special.


I hand the armor over to my sister.


Can I act like they're hurting me?


The noise.


I thought for a second I hadn't written down that spell, I was like, "Oh my god, wait, I didn't write, oh, yes, there it is, thank god." Oh my god.


From each of us or--


Just do it without the tiny little smile!


So what exactly is our plan? Is it to try and keep Vecna from gaining more forces, or are we trying to cut off Vecna and his forces?


Plan at dawn? (laughs)


We're across!


I think I would be near the window where I could kind of see-- what's your name, Ar-Can?


Let's try Yasha's idea.


Sure. I walk up to Orenid Hass. Oremid.


(sighs) It feels so good!


That's what I'd like to do.


Oh, and also, Lightning Bolt comes out of my body?


Yeah, it's a concentration spell.


Insight. Is he fucking lying?


Well look, the last I remember was it said it was hungry. If it gets hungry again, I'll just give it something to eat.


Oh, it's--


You would have a whole other batch of inspirations in the morning.


I'm going to join this table. I've had six drinks. I'm in the biggest city I've ever been in. Everything tastes terrible! I don't even know what these last two are; they're just terrible!


She's short.


Now he does nothing at all.


Fucking 20 minutes, my ass. On what plane are you right now? (laughs)


Is somebody dying tomorrow?


Oh. Happy ten year-i-versary. Yeah, congrats. Did you get a nice watch or like a commemorative tankard?


No, like-- wait, is the beard all right?


My favorite staff!


You have some sweat right here.


I feel like the Feywild calls to us.


Start them going.


Tary berry.


(sighs) Tary, is this thing safe to be following us around?


It's all right. It's fine.


Okay, I'll use Cutting Words on the last one.


I'm purchasable, putting that out there.


Can I use my bonus action--


We go to Fort Daxio to start everything up. While they prepare, we can maybe make a trip to the Fire Plane once things are prepared. They will not need us to organize the armies and gather forces.


Sure. Ten.


Pike and I can create water. Me and Pike both can.


We can talk to the guards on the way out.


I'm Wonder Woman! I'm not Wonder Woman.


I was in there as well, I think.


Ooh, another eight!


Narc.


It's contagious.


We came up with nothing.


Well Jarett's from there.


I back up about five steps and very quietly say, Jenga. (laughter)


We can work on some sort of concoction if you need help sleeping after that information, at this point. That would keep me up for hours. That's-- yeah.


So if we take out the beams--


That was a good party.


Is there an aerated wine cellar? (laughter)


Is it cool or is it gross?


No, no, no, I get it. I just wanted to make sure.


Let's play for another six hours.


Trinket goes up and licks his face.


Well, it's not like he was in the room where it happened.


We'll be blinded.


That's an eight on an eight. Plus four, so 12 damage.


Just going to the bathroom!


Yeah, fire resistance.


That would be my whole movement, too, wouldn't it, though?


Let's roll separately. Oof, terrible.


He's got roots, yo.


Yeah, I want to move away from him and I'm going to hold my action until I can see preferably Aldar, but if not, one of the dwarves.


We're giving away things.


Brad Pitt?


Ioun be pleased, I will.


We're not trying to hide, are we?


It's fine. No, it's not fine. That's better. 14.


Yeah, they make great food.


Oh, thank you. Ow.


And it's a good sum to get started.


We're such dicks!


Well there were no horns, and when you're a skeleton your ears are rotted away so I do not know.


The very back door.


It's locked and we have the key.


My allegiance is completely separate and isolated from any persons here. My allegiance is with the Cobalt Soul.


(sings) When I get that feeling, I want Clarota healing. Clarota healing is something that's good for you. Ooh ooh ooh. (sings embellished melisma)


Terrible person.


Horris, if you don't mind me asking, what was your practice?


It's the elf boy. This is what we do, this is what we're gonna be facing, all right? Guys, we're fine, we're fine, that's enough.


I rolled a natural one, plus four.


Pommel side, pommel side! I'm gonna Kynan him.


What the fuck? Plus?


But in case you're trepidatious, because I can see on your face that maybe you are a little--


I've got the checkbook with me. We could just write a check.


Two people?


The Chroma Concl-- there were eight?


Is that a divine thing?


Yeah, well otherwise you wreck the ship.


15 for my first attack.


Holy hell.


That's a big one, we've seen that happen.


You'll know, if we need them, we have them. Just an extra set.


(garbled) Make a constitution saving throw.


Solo style, if you're fast, and back?


I don't recall this person.


It's literally Monster Energy.


Yes. I'm looking for some help.


Is her name Kara?


I can tell by the ears.


I'm threatening him.


I'll cast Speak with Dead.


That's six points of damage.


Help me subdue him.


Although remember, the signal's a little weak.


It's tense. It's cool.


We are being sadistic today.


Why on earth would you eat dirt?


Then if it doesn't work, I have an idea.


Little busy, little busy, little busy!


Herbal tea, man. Just chamomile tea.


Hum - oh, yes.


What is that? What does that do?


Bamf to the door and go in!


We do, but a straight 20 to one flip-flop only happens one time.


He was the guy that we talked to right when we got here.


And then I'll check in later. There's no rush to get there. At least, that I know of right now.


I mean, I'm not the brightest in the bunch, but.


Who's a good boy?! You are the best cat that was ever put on this planet!


Can I go hit the place where Grog hit his head and see if I can crack a hole in the ice?


Tooma, have you ever heard of a dragonborn named Gern Blanston?


That's funny. It took a second.


Do you see this?


You can fly, Grog!


"Think I'll take a walk!"


Westish. We're heading westish.


You can see if it hurts your hand if you touch it.


I believe I'm hidden, you guys.


That’s why I never take the armor off, guys.


No. I will not.


11 points of damage from the second one.


Fucking nipple tassels!


Okay. Natural 19 on the first one.


Well let's not cast aspirations on new management, it's only been two days.


Those men were super powerful.


Clay Owens?


It would not be a terrible thing to have, considering we're going to be traveling.


Such a twinsies.


What should we do? You go find a blacksmith and we get some potions?


It's glowing, right, so we can see it even if we don't turn on flashlights and things?


All right. That's a 17.


I make the gloomstalker snarl at the two Scanlans.


I grab her wand.


That's right they are! I'm done. I'm excited. That's my thing. That's all I do.


Only cold, random chance of what?


She's prone!


We're live.


The weasel and the owl?


Oh, the second one's the critical attack. Thank you. 22 plus seven is 30. I have three attacks! 31. Second one is-- that's easy. 14. And the third attack is ten. The second one was critical, but much smaller.


Did it look like it did anything to it?


Wooden stakes don't work! I back up a little bit.


What is happening?!


Oh, what was that? It matters not? Oh, are you going to be rewarded? Yeah. How many middle fingers am I holding up?


What if that weapon is super good against Vecna?


60 or 70 feet? I'm going to go another 60 or 70 feet.


That's an awesome-- Is that your Wyrmwood box?


I point the wand at Nott.


I don't want the dong.


A female halfling. She came down here.


He's not necessarily always a believer in coin. Sometimes he just wants some trade. Also, I need to talk to him about some personal issues.


I'm going to go find Vax.


Oh, take that 19.


Were you worried about being away from Fort Daxio for too long?


Oh. Well then I will check for traps first.


We're out in the open. Dismantling that's pretty tough.


Yeah, it's like a lap dog.


Yeah, what is with that? I didn't know that was possible.


It's like Avatar in the fucking--


Is it just the four of them?


(laughs) That's an excellent bet. That is an excellent bet, Keyleth.


He kind of is, but he's really powerful, and he's super cool.


I take your laugh as a sign of--


(low-pitched siren-like sound, then high-pitched siren-like sound) You go first.


I kind of respect you. I'm a little impressed.


To find out who's trying to copy my work.


I want an arrow straight through her heart, and one in her mouth as she screams.


There's a god floating in the air.


Have a good night.


Beep-bleep.


Travel and sex. Done.


I find careful is always best.


Yes, but I do not want to use that favor for that sigil. I would like to call our friends, and I brought the item. I bring out the amulet. I want to show our friends in Kraghammer that we actually brought them the thing to get their permission to go on their sigil, and the other continent that we were on is called what?


Do what you're going to do.


A little too interested for my taste.


No. I mean, he's got me grappled. I can't do Sanctuary, right? He's already got me.


Okay so back on the boat I just say, I have gone very far with him and it just keeps going. What do you guys want to do?


Something big.


Caleb is watching all this.


I was thinking there was another round in between that. I'm going to lay into it.


I'm gonna play lookout and go out towards the edge past the arch, but sink in against the wall a bit and hide.


We're so nice!


13 plus four is 17 healing points, and I'm going to move closer to Keyleth.


They're big.


I've already moved him.


I'll go diving for pearls! Oh, yes!


I'm going to start trying to cut down, find the points of the web wall where it's being held together and cut any of the web.


No! Why would you do this?! How you do dis Matt?!


And gold. I like getting paid.


I have some magic for that.


Was there just one?


Oo-wee!


To Whitestone.


It's a magical Instagram.


Saving throw, right?


51. Okay.


He's about to be in a pocket dimension really quick.


We're going to take out these gems.


11 seconds.


Certainly, your fears are founded. If there's not enough pay, then obviously it's not worth the risk. But I have to say, that even after meeting them for the second time, I feel like these people, they're good folks. I think they just want to see their city bettered. Honestly, that Dolan fellow I think would do better in a seat of power than this current wench.


Can I see what was giving me the arcane signature?


Yeah, but not yet. If it does, I'll let you know.


Teeth. Yes, roll to carve. Seven. 13.


How about this? I wrote you a check. Can you rip it up? I don't think I can pay it, ever. (laughter)


What's the turnaround-- what?


That was much more eloquent than mine was.


That is really dumb.


It says we're still online. Hang on.


Hit dice. We forgot about that because it wasn't there before.


Are the twins quietly in the lead?


Oh, hello!


I have a random thought. While y'all are trying to go get Sarenrae, this is where the story of the Lord of the Quad Roads is. If you're not familiar with the Lord of the Quad Roads, he was a gentleman that just very quickly came into fame and fortune, and he's a personal friend of mine, and I thought I might try and go find him for a favor. You know, one of those people if you pop in town, they get real pissed if you don't stop by.


Good to meet you, Kendall.


There's a ridge line there, right? There's mountains?


Street Fighter combo.


Not a lot of troops. Just a couple of dudes is good.


Next shot. Let's go Sharpshooter. See what happens. Yay. 26 to hit.


How about a few experiences?


Don't forget me. I won't forget you.


(gasps) Hi!


Who's this Laura you're speaking of? (All laugh.)


We leave him only if we leave the beacon with the Gentleman, but if we leave him on his own--


I'm skipping.


Yeah, just sprays them!


That, as well.


Then I will attack from my hidden position.


Old Spice commercial. Make it happen.


29. That was inspiration to me?


We can all?


And I'll hit him again. Same thing. Hit him again. This time I'm going to take a bonus for a Hex on him, too, for extra fun. That's 27.


Feels good.


Have we all entered?


Any roll?


Honestly, I feel...


Lucien for the moment. We'll talk about it later.


Okay, then we can--


Does it seem like water is ever up along the walls, or does it seem like the water is always at the level it's at?


Oh no, I can’t breathe at all, though.


Oh, from where I had gotten to with the 20 feet. Got it.


I pop back up. See? Totally fine.


What are you doing in this tavern! Oh, dear! We should probably head outside! You and me, Trinket!


Thousands!


Whatchamacallit, a few weeks ago me and Matthew wore these really cool shirts with the vermilion bird from Rubrum, which is in Type-0, the Final Fantasy that we're both in! That shirt was made from Greven, g-r-e-v-e-n, at Redbubble, and we wanted to thank him for those shirts, along with this awesome Final Fantasy shirt, made by August8913, where she did this super cool, it says Nine on the back, his says Trey. Thank you guys, for the really cool shirts.


All right, I'm climbing in.


I turn to Percy, and I go  Who's fighting who?!


No, that's damage.


Requested?


Aw. Man, that's old school.


Because he can roll acrobatics just like we can!


Maybe we just think it's really cool.


That's a zero. (all laugh)


That's a fair point.


(gasp) Just running?


Wow, those sucked both times.


It's a slash attack?


Okay, good.


On myself.


We've got to get going. Grog has a session in the morning.


All right then. I will use all my action to get as close to it as I can.


Swords and dicks.


What, like Orkin man outfits, or do we need to look like we're official?


It did work us over quite well.


I'll take out my lantern, and I strike it so that it's lit. I attach it to a string. I go and I start to lower it down the hole and see if it does anything.


Which one are you doing?


Man. What are-- I don't know what you're referring to in this moment.


No! No, you are a sadistic bastard!


Mass sense alignment?


Yeah, it's your show.


For you.


I'm going to go try to find somewhere to wash it.


Nott can put her legs out.


No big deal. Fine.


I didn't see them last night?


Yeah. I'm a little attracted to the fact that she parried my first one. I'm kind of confused. Plus, you know, we're up high in the air, and the city's on fire. It's very romantic.


Blitzen?


Do I get deflect missiles?


We need an escape plan, right? How many can fit on the carpet?


Why don't we send one, like Mars Rover over here, and have him go check it out?


You know, I grew up with this language.


Eight. I'll take it. That's eight. That's great. Oh, you rolled for it.


Because he's enjoying his belt, can I take out--


No, we're fine, just sleeping.


It misses entirely.


This is, this is-- It's an 18.


Can you raise a blade? Can you fight?


Yeah, I guess I could.


Is it a clean shuffle?


I want it in a frame.


His name. It's embarrassing.


We owe Zanror a talk one way or the other.


That's seven seconds at a time.


Come to Open Quay.


We should unlock that, maybe we should unlock this cage.


Three attacks with disadvantage.


What's the bridge made of?


29 on the first hit.


Two plus two.


If there is a chance to look in on Horris, if it is easy, if it doesn't put us out, you know? If it's put right in front of us.


Thank you. 22.


Oh, you know, like tailoring services.


Just roll this. Roll another one.


Oh, you're all the way over.


I see glowing symbols.


Count again.


He likes to save his bodies for later.


All right, all right, all right, I'm coming, I'm coming.


What was that, plus three?


Abjur--yeah. Mm-hmm. No idea what that means.


It totally fucking is, yeah. Yeah.


Yeah, he's a real dick.


Okay. So that's about as far as I got. I wasn't sure if I was going to, you know, live past that. I wasn't sure if he was going to live past that. I wasn't sure if you were going to live past that. Really, any of us--


Why don't you just hit it with something?


What do I do, guys? Do I try and kill him, or do I heal?


He's never going to dance again.


She's with us.


Who the fuck are you? Why are you in here?


See if he's okay? Ask him how his year's been?


I can also use Evasion.


He can't do it, Nott.


Good skill set.


Beau, bow, Beau, and bow?


I'm just nervous. I know we don't have time, but what if this is one of those decisions where later we're like "We should have fucking done a Heroes' Feast"?


Dude, Scott! I was just talking to Amanda Wyatt today about your concert the other night, and I wish I would have been there.


Yeah, she's back!


No thank you, keep going.


Okay. I swim back and use my bonus action to try to hide.


Angler fish, yeah.


That was it? We cycled through a whole round of combat?


We're all excited to meet Laura and Travis's baby.


Oh, I thought it was like a paralyzation sort of thing.


Do you have any, like, sneaky people in your employ here in the castle.


Oh, you said lift. I did it. (laughter)


Anything good that looks--


Please don't kill the kraken!


Initial one, and then I did two more d10s.


Right. I'm not going to question it.


Oh, I spelled it right!


He's the DM.


Great, thank you.


I will say that on the walk, I would instantly Identify the stone.


Can we say that we did that?


Right. And Lady Kima's being held here.


And I do it.


If we're doing our little circle, I would say that a little bit of a distance.


You left it in the kitchen?


All right. I'm going to put on my Sprinter's Boots.


Okay, I'm going to Sprinter's Boot over to him.


So we're at a dead end on the other side of this shit?


I think we've stalled all we can stall, right? By the way, the reason Travis and Laura are not here is because we all brought our dice and our little character sheets to Indianapolis, and they left theirs at home, so they drove home to go get it.


Yeah. Although I imagine you're eventually going to become very insufferable, but yes.


I think, perhaps it's destiny. Do you believe in destiny?


Blood Curse of the Eyeless, amplified.


Nothing, nothing, no poison.


A bit? You've had a year to clear your head, you think it was just a bit?


Suggestion is a-- oh, she probably can't be charmed. It's a wisdom saving throw.


Do you think they might still be chasing or tracking you or wanting to find you?


He had a different color. Yeah, red robe.


Scanlan is outside.


As they start walking over, I'm going to wide flank to the left--


I do go and deliver it.


Yeah, we also have a couple people in the studio that should at least say hello before they leave, too.


Fight!


In the sandpit?


Yeah. As I fly up high?


2d6 on the second one, okay.


20. Why did I do that? Sorry.


Wait, Grog. You had it in your original Bag of Holding? How much was written down on our original Bag of Holding list?


Mine is a big fat zero around me, because I'm protected.


I stand up.


Then bonus action, I will use Mage Hand to start looping it around him.


I grab Caleb, wrap an arm around him, and try to walk him out.


I don't feel like doing that. Oh. Lead on.


That's cool. Okay. So they all seem like smugglers?


(whispering) She's holding!


Did you guys know  hitting water and rocks from very high feels like hitting rocks!


We'd be happy to clear out anything unpleasant that we happen to find in there in the meantime.


You have armor, dude.


To Thar Amphala. On the back of a titan. On the Material Plane.


I just let myself get a gigantic boner every week.


Jester! Should I shoot him?.


Okay. I'm going to run up to the one that just attacked Yasha. Yeah, and I'm going to hit it with my handaxe because I'm not very smart.


What is my alignment?


(Illidan voice) You are not preared! You stay up and watch livestream into the middle of the night. (laughter)


Shit. Get back in the water. And I'm going to solo go where I wasn't intending to, to see how far it is to get to the next bit of water. You said it was a jump over magma?


I want to turn into a bear.


Yeah. Just for fun.


I have a sick sense of humor.


Yeah, all creatures within range.


That's never part of the plan.


As my bonus action, I turn to Percy and I say, Percy, we're surrounded by metal and glass and stone above us. Is there anything we can do to that stone?


I'll wait and see everyone else through, just in case.


What do you get if you're inspired?


I don't remember, it's just in the bag.


Yeah, I burned a crit.


If we could fit it in the Bag of Holding, it would be much better.


Oh, that made me happy.


There won't be tracks if they're dead.


Don't judge! Don't judge.


I think it's like Alcoholics Anonymous or something.


I'm so sorry. It's so fun to torture you.


Ooh, honorable.


A favor for a favor!


Beau, I don't want to leave you behind, but I--


Yeah, pretty soon. I'm working on an album.


I turn into a fireball myself.


Okay. Oh shit. (stammering) I can't do math right nowbecause I'm stressed. 14.


Jesus. Do I have a clear line of sight to Nott and octopus fuck?


It's designed for this moment.


(whispers) Send Scanlan up.


I'm going to stab this thing that just fell right in front of me. Just going to stab it.


What is that mother's name? (laughter)


(shouting) We need a crew!


And it looks, sounds--


It's the left eye. He said it's in its right eye.


If they hear a big clank, that's go.


Or you've created tsunamis, as well, d'you think you could flush them out?


On the way out, as we're all walking out, I walk along with Gilmore and I give him just a gentle shoulder. Shoulder to shoulder. And say, "It's really good to see you on your feet. It's the best smile I've had in ages."


Okay. We're going to ask Avantika if she will tell us.


I have a (fut fut).


I should be so lucky to have a mate as capable as Keyleth.


Shouldn't we, for good measure, be breaking up these other ceramic--?


I agree with you, with burning the house down. Let's find anyone who's in here and get them out.


Insight to see if she's in her right mind.


I have doughnuts, some paint supplies.


I'm in the open right now with the horses, yeah?


Oh, it's just gas. It's not lava.


Glad you're not dead again, buddy.


That's okay. I'm going to take a sharpshooter shot at it and just keep damaging it. I'm going to do a sharpshooter shot.


Okay. I'll go, I'll go.


Even hiding behind a tree? All right.


I've got to get back to Zephrah.


We're starting up at Grog's turn.


Oh god, okay. Five. Keep running.


Just super-duper unconscious.


I do know broody types.


It's coming, it's coming, I'm so excited.


Yes but it's little.


I'm going to pop out. Maybe I can stay in there and do this, in the door, and try to cast Divine Intervention.


Where does that next tunnel go?


Does it cure exhaustion if he takes a short rest?


We have a dungeon.


All right. It's very nice.


Yeah, they took all our horses.


So Keg shouts down, "Hey, you fucking chrome dome!"


Oh, we're 29 away.


We're in a boat?


And mine, as well?


That's okay. Thanks, Percy. Ten.


The red room? I'm not familiar with this casino. I'll need some guidance.


We're going to talk, we're going to listen, and be prepared for anything.


I like the Derby analogy. That's what I was going for.


Seems dangerous to me.


Obviously we didn't do it this morning, but from now on.


Yeah, she's just like that. Just holding it like a beast.


I pull out my Flametongue Dagger.


Yeah, if we stay on the trade route, we have to go here, and then down, and then come across, or we go here.


Dagger on the outside is 21.


I'm really tasty


I'm okay.


Or directly at him.


Is that worth about a hundred gold pieces?


You know, I think we give him the things of monetary value. We are thinking long-term for this group, working together. This book and that blade are going to ensure a greater success and cohesion in the future.


I'm five feet shy.


Well, if it's just the four wheels, is it a car? No. (upbeat music)


There's just the carts, there's the one mine entrance?


We'll leave. Okay. Leave half the gold here. They don't need to know everything that we have.


Perch. Dagon.


I'll do support. I'll do Obelisk right behind it, too.


That's a good call.


What does it say on the title there?


I still have Pass Without A Trace up.


Wait. Start at the beginning?


And I would only get two attacks, right?


I can do it to six people.


If we can get to a safe, quiet place, I can do a Locate Creature spell and see if I can find him. I can also scry on him, but I need to--


I'm looking at her waist. What's on her waist?


We'll have to pay them.


The door is locked?


It does sound familiar.


No they're not.


Can I have a spare arrow? Vex?


All right. I stand exactly in front of the door and don't take any more steps.


I abstain! With an attitude!


(yelling) Oh no, you killed her! (laughter)


I want to detect magic for a while.


That I give you my word that everything you said in that letter I promise to you I will do.


Don't we have that little box that appears that's just counting down from ten, nine, eight, and it's going to automatically skip to the fight right now, right? We can just hit it.


Yeah, I'm going to go down, and if I start running short on air, I'll come back up.


Okay. Thieves' tools?


That's sweat, yes.


Can I roll an insight check on her?


Okay. So we spread.


Yeah, what's it look like?


Heavy?


Off what?


But they're not necessarily bleeding through from the other plane. They come from this plane.


This is not how it usually works! The person is not really expecting it. This is embarrassing, really. I have the one skill and I failed at it.


Disadvantage, correct?


No, that he's nice.


I was going to say  I think I still have a Skywrite.


Way to totally blend in.


And are there locks contraptions on them?


Indisposed!


How far is Beauregard from me right now?


The save DC is a 19 on a constitution save.


You don't know anything.


If it doesn't work, we kill it.


Do you have a favorite cocktail at the Bloated Cup?


I barrel rolled out of the way as they rushed by.


Okay, so where am I?


Yes, absolutely. Give me something.


Well, we're going there, so I'm hoping either you can give us a lot of tips so we don't run into problems, or I don't know if anyone can take your place right now. Do you want to go on a field trip?


A sliced-up corpse victim, maybe?


Okay, the first one is 15?


No. Well, I could use Alter Self.


Oh, I can open any fucking door.


You're royalty. You know this!


It might do something.


In a day she returns. We chose a place, we move our forces in there. We have days where she could be looking for us, and then when she disappears it's going to take a day or two for him to really find out. It will be about three to four days before anything actually happens.


We're all gonna die. You spin the barrel, go back to go ahead and fire again, as you do (imitates gun clicking) You pull the trigger for a second, and you feel a slight (imitates fizzled explosion) inside the barrel.


Hi! Sorry about that. Are you okay? Are you comfy? Are you all right? Is this too big?


Yeah, it could be a group effort. I feel very confident for many of our skills for the ones on the outside. What I'm concerned about is entering the front door. What is behind? What I would like to do is go when they are sleeping and hopefully murder them in their sleep, is the best case.


