Oh. (whispers) How old are you?


I was just seeming intelligent.


That's a really good question! Let me think about it. Hey, Traveler, how far away can I use this spell? 500 whole feet, he says!


Oh yeah, inspiration.


Forget the fight. We can just send him off into the city and that should be enough for us to sneak in.


This is my friend of the lady favors. I need him!


You guys go.


50 feet away? How far am I?


The fire turns from white to yellow. I'm raging. What is it?


I mean this is the firestarter over here.


Do I get advantage on this, since I'm taking time?


I'd like to carefully approach and disarm anything I can detect or find.


Literally trying to see him cough a testicle. (laughter)


Who would that correspond to?


I really hide the money that I found.


We're already here, Keyleth.


You got to roll higher than a 19. Can you give yourself inspiration?


That, and I'm going to cast Hex on that little baby. And he has disadvantage on, let's make it his wisdom checks.


Ah, that's terrible-- nine.


Let the twins take a look. I think it would be safe.


That's. Fucking. Awesome.


Oh, thank goodness. Thank you.


I think that's a very good idea.


I don't think it was on the card. I call it my fun ball of tricks.


Can I, looking at whatever the shit this is, pull out my spark stone--


I will shake on it.


It destroyed everything. They killed everyone.


No. Well, yeah. Sort of.


Yeah. I'm going to take my Oracle Arrow and crouch down.


I'm going to hold my turn.


It's Gil's fault.


(gasps) Oh! There's no ghosts, you're so cute!


Yes. Of actual, yes. Like the bridge is an extra 40 feet away.


That's 21.


And that's a 14 on the dot.


You know, maybe people don't rely on you because you haven't been given the chance yet. We're certainly going to rely on you.


Whoa, that is really good, Fjord, you did a really good job in there.


Ah, wow.


Is that four hits north of 25?


Okay. Are you guys ready? (singing) Be our guest, be our guest, put our service to the test!


What did the other two do?


I wanna say, we had a studio audience for this show as well, which we're very thankful for.


Okay, I'm first out. So, yeah, but I can run out.


I don't think we need them.


Continued perception check?


(Porky Pig stuttering)


Yeah, no, he's fine.


Well, neither are you. What does that have to do with anything?


Our hope is to break the stone.


It was a tavern. Rissa?


I can't leave yet.


Just hit him with your stick.


That is really resourceful.


Say it one more time.


I'm hoping the priest is lame.


Bows? Nah.


(whispering) Yes, of course.


Thank you, wolfstar!


And would they be able to recognize your face?


These things are really easy to kill.


Oh. So I can't disarm it.


Rissa and Robert Duvall.


Who'd you play?


What is she doing? Is she running?


Even more charming!


I'd like to see it someday.


That means attacks and save rolls are now a d4 negative.


What kind of figures?


If we go into a fight, it doesn't matter. I'll take grey.


Shut up, Kash.


You're going to go with somebody else's die for it?


I just want to wear a onesie.


What is Greek?


Release the Spiritual Weapon!


Okay. Would you have any interest in a magic cat?


But I could Keyteor to the bottom.


That's right, yeah, yeah.


Did you take your 17 earlier also?


Can you give me, like... three big deaths, three medium deaths, and three little deaths? (laughter)


I've got to say, there's worse ways to make a living.


Their sister.


Wow! Really? For this? Look at me! Without further ado, I would like to introduce the cast of a little show we like to call Critical Role. Travis Willingham! Laura Bailey! Liam O'Brien! Marisha Ray! Taliesin Jaffe! Children, shield your eyes. I present to you: Sam Riegel! And the man that brought us all together. Ladies and gentlemen, Matthew Mercer! The cast of Critical Role, ladies and gentlemen! (cheering)


No one be a yahoo.


I didn't meet Zahra.


I am not. What are we doing?


And I look around and I'm like--


Didn't you give me a potion?


Oh no, a natural one.


I don't move at the speed of your thought.


So hide! Or something, right?


I still count you as my sister.


I think we all knew that you kind of wasted that last one. It's okay, we did it. See you, Brownie! That was awesome!


Ow! What the fuck, my dad used to do that type of shit.


Shit! I didn't even think about that! God damn it.


Did he say 20?


(whispering) What?


I see it. Yeah, nice.


Not much.


Grog, it's sparkling. It's sparkling!


I'm running over to the door and opening it. I can hear the commotion from inside, and I'm running in the door.


There is, but now it just moved.


Still, even though we established Grog first? I'll go first.


I'll do my first two attacks on the ogre. Natural 18 on the first one, and the second one sucks at a four, with a ten total?


That's a bingo.


She can heal without the potion.


Who is K'varn? Does anybody know?


Let's set out.


Can I add my inspiration to this?


Phillip! Phillip!


She's a witch?


How could it just outright kill you? Well if you die, I can't do a spell.


He doesn't know how to do druid circles really right.


Holy crap!


Oh, bother.


We haven't had the night off in a while.


We just walk through the kitchen.


Fuck. We don't get the drop on them because we were sneaking around?


15 did it. That's fine. Next shot, I'm taking the shot with the skeleton that's next to Vex.


Would you want to draw some of the pixies if we see them?


I would like to talk to the Wharfmaster.


I'm going to chop down a tree.


He doesn't shoot daggers


We've taken out a beholder and a handful of illithid. We're not really worried about your contract. Give us your contract; we'll sign it.


Oh, you are a horse! Of course.


Alive! Alive.


And just for the record, I know I'll get yelled at for twitter on this. I have informed my sister where I'm going and what's going on. Not just going willy-nilly.


I thought that the entire time.


What were the weird imp things that I saw flying around?


I think I'll stay. I can't see where I'm at, but I think I'll just stay.


Yeah, but without somebody trying to kill us.


I wanted to-- oh wait, I'm trying to point the fucking-- point the laser at the screen.


So crazy.


Oh, Grog's going to fight him at some point.


I don't believe that he would do such a thing.


Do I have to? Okay.


No, it's weird.


She's got a cool name.


Okay. This is the best. Oh, four.


Simon? Come here, buddy.


Have you noticed, the guys turn into girls so much better than the girls turn into guys? I mean, we look so terrible turning into--


This is some Seven shit right here.


Yeah, that's what you're saying. I remember hearing that part. (laughter)


Yeah, not reckless. Not great weapon.


No, I can't. I can't see animals. Just kidding.


Do we ever run out of that stuff?


They responded to something.


It's my friend's mother.


I do. I don't mean any of it as a critique, but more as a compliment and I'll add with it a request. Keep that eye of yours on Avantika for me. I don't entirely know what her intentions are, but I feel like there are only a few that I could ask to exercise quick judgment in a moment of need.


Yrat, you will be a hero to many.


How many feet is she?


Yeah. Laura's dice budget would go way down. Instead of throwing away 250 dice a week, it would maybe be more like 240, 230.


Out, but not dead.


Come on die.


Doty, take down every word of anyone saying anything ever on this whole trip. This is amazing. I'm so excited.


If you saw random mimes?


I do not do that crit thing now. Not yet.


You don't have any, but I have a lot of information about them.


(crying)


I'm going to take a big swig of whiskey and climb on Beau's back. (sigh) All right dolphin lady, ride me. (laughter)


What drives any of us? Necessity. Urgency for a better life.


He's also going to, of course, Curse of the Eyeless.


A very limited run. It's very, very limited, signed by the cast, so those are-- I don't even know how many, but once they're gone, they're gone, so yeah, those will be available for a short amount of time. Buy it right now!


I turn behind me, I go  Watch the ball bearings! Watch the marbles!


And Cassandra, I'm proud of you. You're doing very well here.


Oh my gosh. Good thing rubber doesn't exist here.


We've gotta get rid of it!


It's good, you can keep an eye out for the hag following behind us.


I'll inspire Vex and Vax and Grog.


We could send one in.


Goddamn it. I'm going to hop up and move to the left. I'm not even going to use the real stairs, I'm going to get to the side up on that barrel over there.


With a mustache.


--god forbid.


You are a deity.


It's average, it's 13.


Quidd, everyone. Quidd.


Come on, smart Grog.


Good day. Everyone, let's meet over at the Lady's Chamber once you're finished with your business.


As a bonus?


I'm going to try and add a little bit of inspiration, maybe.


Yeah, only 18 for me. But wait, advantage. That's way better! 25.


Any time. Sorry we couldn't do more.


They learned to do that in a month?


It'll be great. And I was like, "I could really go for some beer right now," and all of a sudden, the jug was full of shitloads of beer.


The grass, is it dead or vibrant green?


Looking pretty rough?


I've never seen a lake before this one so, first island. It's a very big moment for me.


No, that's entirely something you can do. It's more common than you'd think.


Take him down!


Can I see where the chains are leading or are they just dangling off?


That's my thing! Oh, there's no drink in my--


You're my favorite gnome.


You are a true warrior and I hope you'll continue to protect this city with that strength.


I knew you were going to do that. I almost did it when he was whispering in your ear, just for your sake!


Its a roll off!


Yeah, Trinket is out.


Temple.


Wow, so light, and I would know, I'm a cleric. Er, what?


Would we have learned anything about that in our studies?


"No, it wasn't. But yes, I do have fireballs left." And I dispel it immediately.


Two pieces of armor. Just armor


(strained) I would.


Let him do it. You'll come back, right?


Jester, I think it's safe to say that this first case is closed!


I try and say, like, well, I know it's about 180 feet because I tested before, so I'm trying to be conscious of it. And then I back up a little bit, and I go over to where that tunnel was, and I start collapsing it down. As I work my way up, I'm going (impacts).


Well, I'm real groggy.


Oh, god. 13.


And bonus attack. Not good. Nine to hit.


I'm sorry! (laughter)


Well, I'm flattered.


Oh, we're treading. Okay.


Okay, then I will heal Vax. (singing) Oh, that Vax elf, getting bit by vampires, and his skin's turning pale and white. But don't worry, because around the corner, here comes Scanlan. Everything's going to be all right.


I'm sure it's going to be not good.


That's not true, Jester. I still have some plans for that letter. It does have his signature on it, though.


It's got that snake hood that's very thin, I assume. I don't know.


Good job, boy!


Please, just let him get there!


If you had to choose would you pick to receive an extra level, or Matt's hair?


Forgive me. Might I have just a moment?


Do you have a plan?


Well we're so close, we might as well stop in--


He's the only one that can finish the sealing.


(laughs) Thanks, GeoNerd!


There may be somebody at the Abundant Terrace who might know something about the woods and direction. That might be a good place to start. It's a section of town where they concentrate on-- yes. So we can go there.


Okay, that's a good answer.


Oh, for gods' sakes. I am going to run straight through the--


It feels like we're really in battle now.


Just dirt?


The Diver's Grave!


Oh, this is crazy.


He's still sleeping.


Vax creeps back to Pike and ushers her up to the front. Do you recall any of the details from your vision, from your dreams?


Okay. Oh, god! Can I climb up on this tree right in front of me?


The only question is, do we want to try to rest here under some sort of illusion, or do we go to the island we can see?


It wasn't my chemistry set.


Okay. (panicked breathing) Crossbow attack! Crossbow attack! Wake up everyone! I'll take them out single-handed!


We have a gift for him or something? We have many gifts or something?


It's going on, it's going.


Wait did you just, ja? Did you pay for everybody or for you?


(high pitched) He's alive!


And then his claw-- oh, come on, Trinket. 12 for-- no, 11 for his claws.


Wait, is he an orc?


None of them are eating the fruit.


You can use that for something!


Listen, hey, is anybody near death? I'm super big right now. How about I just throw everybody across the river?


No, ships don't go to anchor in the middle of the ocean. They just float.


Felicia's got some.


Balgus?


-- Tetris.


Should we tell her?


Awesome. So we're across the rivers. Everything gets worse now, and we can't stop moving.


Damn. How's the horse look?


Well, we've got to get the hell out of here, now.


That's how mist form works.


19, so 29.


We should have waited. (laughter)


I say we all attack each one until each one is dead. We don't spread it out too much.


Is this a human thing to-- never mind


Fuck. Fuck you! What were those words?!


Yeah, I'm just a random person.


We have the Hunk of Quall. I'll go ahead and, here, I hand Scanlan the Hunk of Quall


Okay, halved to four.


I figured the servants can do it. I walk upstairs.


Blow your shawm.


I was just about to say, this is revenge for Demogorgon!


So you haven't heard of Draconia? Can I see from here if he has a tail or not?


I don't think it says.


Leap for it!


You're going to talk?


Not good, but maybe I'm lucky. Oh, am I not in that? Where am I?


Good shit, Matt, good shit, Matt!


Yeah, I did ask that.


Do we see anything in the room?


Oh no, is it bad? What did I do? Was it bad?


No, but really, what did you say? What was the name?


We've got an easy door in.


That's good. 29.


We've only done this once before, Caleb. It's still weird, I just want to point that out. Okay, let go of me. Get off, yeah.


That's the sorcerer. These are the two magic users.


And I'm not a bat. Does that mean Keyleth's dead?


You might know him as Mr. Dyomin?


Sleep is all gone.


Oh jeez. Oh boy.


Are you stuck like this?


Can me and Molly team up?


Literally what I just asked.


Let's get it on.


But halved, 'cause if I fail, it's halved. If I succeed, it's zero. It's a dexterity so it's Evasion.


Don't tell me how to spend my money.


Current goes away from the direction we came from?


--that vanished during a card game?


That's another natural one.


Okay, I'm going to Sacred Flame it.


Oh, dope.


We have infinite rope! I'm gonna tie it to myself--


Ashley's asking to bamf in. Would she have felt anything because her necklace went off? That hits him for sure. 15 plus 18.


You fixed them a bit!


I'm afraid there's been a misunderstanding. You see, we were trying to pass through these woods, and we ran into a band of very big, very mean-looking wolves.


Eight points to heal.


He does not seem freaky to me at all. He seems very nice. Like a normal firbolg.


I feel like if we go right up to the top of the tower, it's like walking into the danger.


I pull her a little further along with me, and we step up.


Just a little.


We're going to have to get his attention somehow.


Should we be stealthy?


I’m Vex, okay? It’s simple!


Not today, how about that?


Don't worry about him. Is he a gnome?


Moe.


Since we're making a deal, I want to make sure of a few things, because I love making deals. First of all, as perhaps a token of friendship, do you have any idea what this is? I am still apologetically naked and wet.


But she could be tangible if you'd help us find her.


Disguise Self and follow suit.


The thing that's glowing is off of the ground of the tower?


Pike's with us.


Zadash. I might know a few contacts that might want something.


With Brexit, it's not worth as much any more.


I beg for forgiveness, I'm going to try some shit. I would like to cast--


Stop manhandling Scanlan!


I yank on Vex's hand from down below and say, pick me up! Put me on your shoulder!


Am I close to it?


Yeah, but what if the kraken sees it?


Lock it up! Jeez.


Yeah, but it's either death now or death a little later.


We literally lit the fire and we can't stop it now.


Let's just say I struck out, all right?


Thank you, Tary.


Back of his knee?! Are you trying to take him out of commission for future fights? That's really terrible.


What the fuck is this? (gasps)


Point down!


I have a giant dragon tapestry.


That would not even-- I expect better of you.


I'll get on the high part on the other side.


Do you have a giant crate of the things she can turn into?


I stand ten feet away from her and give her a plus two. Oh, that's so low.


I can't see anything. Just a cauldron on my head.


Let's go do recon.


Yes, I'm sorry, you're right. You like me because I make jokes, and I play songs, and I give you a warm place to stay at night, and I feed you fucking chicken, and I heal you in battle. But you don't really care about me. Come on. Let's be honest with each other. You don't really give a shit about me.


I pick a space near Vax.


It's a ring box.


Oh, propeller beanie!


There's a grate on that-- can you grab it?


It's Mr. and Mrs. Vex, let's be fair.


I said the juicy spot of those three! I knew Grog was there. Of course I wouldn't throw it there.


(laughs) I'm going to look at the citadel with my eyes wide open for five seconds, and then close my eyes really fast to see if I can see better details of it like when you look at the sun.


I don't see race so I don't know.


We've been having that discussion about what to wear.


We'll check it!


Well, you would dream of it. You'd absolutely dream of it. Just don't do it.


Whoa. Grog, you're so monstrous.


We barely knew him. Bring him along.


To the tavern.


Yes, I do. Okay. Oh, and, oh, the other-- never mind, that other guy's still Hunter's Marked. Okay.


I've seen you have a few tricks up your sleeve. You seem like you're not totally magic inept.


Well, we need these vestiges. We cannot do anything without these vestiges.


Straight hole right through the head. No jaw.


Healing points?


Oh, they're taking him. Oh! I cast Earthbind on Grog.


Oh my god, can you scry on Tary? What if he came searching for us?


Into the temple.


Pulled out, so I would like to rage. You can use reckless while you're raging?


Rolled an 11. Well, actually no. Wait, hold on. They would benefit from my Aura of Protection.


Archibald, or--


We took a short rest on the thing?


Yes, get me some holy arrows.


What was it like, Grog?


Two and a three.


Hello. Hi. How'd it go?


I'm going to try to cut out the tongue. Maybe that's something I can eat later.


Tary!


I will first try to use a bonus action to use item and pour acid on one of the locks. See if that opens it.


Definitely on the forehead.


It's mine!


Kind of, yeah.


Okay. So let's do the middle guy and-- yeah.


I don't think I've had enough.


May I go over and see the room where this thing was staying in, on the other side?


Okay. I turn to the group. I suggest we go to the beach immediately. There we can shore up defenses and I can cast a spell and get us out of here. As I say that, I go (fwwt) and throw a Fireball right at that fucker's head.


Okay, well, I'm just going to cast Curse of Mutual Suffering on Utugash one more time.


Second firestorm of the night.


You got this, you're fine.


Hopefully not.


I wasn't always a handsome half-monster thing.


You didn't seem to mind it as it was happening.


Does he just write stuff?


I literally burn five-dollar bills to stay warm on chilly nights.


How do they give you more information? Just a headline; there's nothing else!


All right, let's bring out the man I have a massive man-crush on--


Plus an inspiration.


I am an actor in real life, you should probably ask Matt.


So it's balanced.


I'm going to vanish. That's the first thing I'm going to do.


That'll be perfect. Trinket needs to train.


We count to three and we go?


Tiberius is chaotic inattentive? It goes so fast!


No, then I'm going to fly an additional-- because I'm hasted, I can go 120 feet. I'm going to go up another 40 feet. No. I'm going to stay where I am. Stay where I am.


How long was I gone?


Like goliath?


Oh, shit! Oh!


I was going to do that. Yeah.


How many more pixies are there?


It's my first time getting to dress up as royalty.


Then come join me, girl!


Although, I'm underwater.


I mean to. Thank you. It has been an honor being in your presence.


Hi, Fjord! Good to see you alive.


That would be amazing.


So wait, do we need things-- how far under the ice is it?


So nothing, right?


Don't look at us, man.


I'm not raging.


It's a dragon. Oh no, it ran out of batteries! Everyone clap! Yeah, it's alive!


That's fair. I've earned that.


The worst. It's seriously under the box though, on the wires.


What kind of weird?


First of all, I wanted to come see you 'cause it's been some time, and I'm so glad that the house has come along so nicely.


Yeah, it follows me.


Sometimes it helps to say things out loud.


They think I'm funny.


It's one of the best rolls you can make in the game. What is our initiative shit?


What is this?


Roll high!


Okay, can I use my turn to dash to get through the doors?


Scanlan, can you do that?


He said to do that. He said to say that to the people.


Can I get to it?


Get me close to him. I cast Featherfall on you.


And then I'm going to use my movement to squish down into the snow a bit, up to here, feathers sticking out a little bit.


Yeah they were like-- (laughter)


The thing I killed two weeks ago? That was me.


You point. I earthglide and I find him.


The advanced edition, y'all.


Oh yeah, yes, big.


Only half damage.


I do. I hop down off the balcony and walk up by Grog.


Tiberius, thank you for your efforts. You, as well, Keyleth.


I have all the guards I need. Don't worry, I'll be safe.


And it has to be within-- But it lasts for an hour. It's a concentration spell.


Look, because you were so good at your job, keep this. I hand him 20 gold. Look, I appreciate good work when I see it, all right? You got our shit. That was pretty damn good.


Okay, that's fair enough. Shit, I picked it up. I think it was a seven. So 23.


Apropos of nothing.


I got 16 plus--


This is a form of nepotism. It's pretty reasonable.


Welcome to tinkering, man.


Fassbender, drop the spell.


Oh yeah, right.


Momlan.


Seven points.


I, Taryon Darrington, rolled a 14.


Digital Liam.


Kiki, what do you think? Are we staying here for the night, or-- I mean, we just got here, it's the middle of the day, isn't it?


Okay. As long as you can haul ass.


Oh, shit. Yeah. So.


I like this. I'm comfortable with that.


Holy shit, Super Saiyan.


Why would you only serve beans? There's no meat or fish?


We need a walk. Walk the perimeter


Craven Edge. Strength loss/gain from this feature lasts until your next short rest.


No, we're in a room.


I heard Tiberius whispering about.


I had it in the bag, yeah.


For pocket change.


What are you, Tary?


d12 plus my constitution modifier.


After it's repaired.


Studded leather armor plus two, okay?


Is the secret that valuable?


Fly it like the carpet.


Roll a d4 and add it.


Yes it does! Four.


Yes, but--


We could destroy these gems and smash them up into smaller gems.


I will sit with her.


But they might be able to see through that. Use Percy as bait while the rest of us go up.


We go at night, and the first step is taking care of the two, there could be more, but two that we saw on the wall, whoever is on the wall at night, silently. Then, from all you've told us, we have-- this might be incomplete information-- but three. There is the shithead himself, and then two you saw.


It feels like you just did 17 things.


Still shouted narration through it all. (laughter)


But it's a spider sense.


I could take that leather armor off your hands?


Oh, I don't think I've ever seen that happen before.


No. I'm not cool with my sister. She's not that great.


Woah. I'll take Toilet.


I think that's a touch spell, right?


That I were with. She's still stroking out from it. (laughter)


That's great! You can Identify things? How many times a day can you do that?


I wrap my hands in cloth, and then I do it.


Show of hands. Who here is uncomfortable with that piece of shit?


Maybe that's why they're hanging bodies from it, to taint it.


So there's a lot of people with jewelry around.


Aww, damn it!


Okay, so I take the clouds and I darken them and do a giant de Rolo crest that expands over the whole city.


Okay, let's go! We're going to run out the door.


He's going to the phone. He's checking his texts.


This is going to work!


Dagger, bear, mace! I need to put something in this.


Can you be in charge again? You're fired.


I'm being a nerd. Have fun!


Wow. I only remember where I kind of last saw her?


No, I thought that we lost him in the dragon fight.


Well, I was-- oh, that would've been nice.


Alter Self. Alter Self.


She's full of sass!


-- let Keyleth give it a little love.


(yelling) Disappointed!


There's no drop-off daycare. Is there a daycare here, Rissa?


What?! No! That's not what it says! (laughter)


Actually, I would love to.


Sumalee!


Where is the front door?


Oh boy. That's not good.


I'm twice as heavy as normal.


She mentioned some of the kooky ones out in the woods, right?


We need to make sure she is, just in case.


He ran?


Actually, I'll say the minute I see something, it's Vicious Mockery.


450.


So we have video problems?


We'll just go in, big guy. We'll be fine.


I don't want to take it, then.


25 gold.


All right. Now I'm diving behind that tree. Bottom right. Heading that way, yeah.


They could be good for meat. We could go kill them and eat them for meat.


Less stairs.


Very low nature.


I am scouting the city for books, I am starved for books.


Have you ever played before?


Lots of books to read, real exciting.


(counts quietly) 42 points of damage plus eight points of ice damage.


It flashes?


And then she says, okay, I'm gonna dismember the body. Hold on. (laughter)


So probably a new horse.


Yeah, as I turn around, I Call Lightning on the giant.


Fine, jeez. Draw. Just because.


Asshole. I feel like we have a blessing of Sarenrae though to go inside.


(laughing) You're in a temple, man!


Damn it. Doors.


All right. We got a 19. And we got a nine.


Wait a minute, you could-- if you know a tree is-- that would be pretty stupid, to just pop out of the cancerous tree, but if we know a tree is there, couldn't you potentially just fucking do it?


Kickboxer!


(singing) You whip your hair back and forth. (screams)


Shot number two.


Doing this together?


The attack has to hit for Hex to work, right?


To not be an oathbreaker.


Not boosted on the Signal Boost. But could be!


I know. I don't believe it.


Nope. I don't even know why I'm bothering.


Do you know who he was doing odd jobs for that day?


(laughs) It just starts going.


Do we have enough money?


So maybe stay close where you can see it if she leaves?


I'll stand.


Little shrines, hidden in ruins.


It's blurry. You should join us! You all have to catch up. Come on! Life has been hard! Come on.


If something could've taken out giant giants. What could it be that could've done that?


Yeah, you can have urban settings.


Let's go to sleep.


It's possible. If Grog can take control of the Herd, they may be able to fight with us. But I wouldn't trust them.


Super disguised.


(sounds of awe)


I've got some new stuff coming in.


Yeah, we should have tried harder.


We're setting up camp. The attack begins tomorrow morning. There's going to be a beast. There will be a fight.


You want me to jump over there and go get the orb?


Just wondering if you could tell my dad that I might be gone for a long time?


60.


Yes, he's still alive.


I just want to spit on it. I hate that guy. It's my least favorite one.


That sounds adorable.


To my right.


Sleeping.


I'll pay for this.


It's hidden in the room.


Oh man, this bakery that we had in Nicodranas had amazing bear claws.


It's like a sound board.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don’t fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of 10 when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Singorn, the isolated Elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear -- her own stolen Trinket -- to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also he is adorable and gives expert massages.


I charge Diplomacy up.


Yeah he's really married to this one.


Stage right.


You have no idea.


I'm going to reach for my robes, so carefully sewn by young Laura Bailey.


I was just about to go get something with something that's not chocolate in it. That's probably for the best. I'll be back. Oh, boy.


Little roll.


I think I wanted him to recognize me.


Right here.


What shall be a test?


It's going to be weird. We're going even weirder. So for everyone who already hates how weird it is, buckle up.


I cast Message a few times. We’re here. Where are you?


Just leaves the bar with the glass.


Okay. Okay. Okay.


How is Horse doing today?


Do we have nicknames for all of our NPCs?


I would like to have him be the official letter carrier for any-- the first set of correspondence to the new rulers of Whitecastle, so since he--


Hulk versus Wolverine! (laughter)


Oh, nothing. Just hanging out. Just having a drink. I'm going to go take a nap, I'm very tired.


We can try.


She's going to tell everyone.


I'm going to try some mead.


They're really great.


Oh, ask Yasha, oh.


That'll make up for what you stole from me!


Yes, it does. Dockmaster Abban speaks very highly of you. Do you know your way around the Ozmit?


Here, or here, or this little nubbin right here?


"Yours truly, forever and ever, your BFF-- "


I had a crazy dream. It said if Geek & Sundry got to 1,400 followers, there would be some sort of a giveaway.


I go into, I rush in to find him eating. (stammers) Quickly, quickly! And I go into the Bag of Holding and I take the item out that we need. What was it?


I have enough in the party funds to buy some healing potions, so I think--


You are fallible.


Just me. I'll do the talking, right?


Love you, Kiki!


Well, I was going to put it in my room for as long as we're here, if that's okay with you.


(gasps) Oh no.


Well, originally I was thinking maybe we could have a bet and see which one of us he falls in love with. (laughter)


No, not Subway.


Mama, I'm sorry to spring all of this on you and I must go back to Whitestone with my friends, to tie up some loose ends, but I'll be back soon. Days, maybe a week.


If it's been 24 hours-- once I have a long rest, I can take my morning meditation and ask the Wildmother if there's a place of calm for our boat.


Yeah. I'll buy both healing potions.


We are doing the pillars, if he's not doing something on Trinket.


I have pitons, and a hammer, and rope.


I finish walking almost into the corner over there, right next to him, about there. Spend an action surge, taking three more shots at Kerrion.


Okay, that's fine. On our side of the room--


60 normally, 120 feet hasted. I didn't make these rules or these items. (whoosh)


Just outside the door there?


Okay, so how far would I have to run to get into the front door?


No, you're right on the nose. It's pretty miserable.


I wouldn't know, but--


It's like a paintball gun.


I'll talk to him.


Yeah, yes!


No, TNT.


First. I mean, we'll head over there while you guys do--


A scimitar. But short. It was nothing, it was terrible.


And we can get to the smelter right now, or it's beyond the crossbeams?


I have a lot of really good songs that I learned when I was growing up. I'm going to sit down and try to play Chopsticks.


There's no pictures on the wall anywhere I could look at outside?


It's... better.


Thank you. I mean, I can't give back the title, that would be kind of shit.


I lowered the rope so you guys can start climbing up.


Serpentine.


Draconia has had a history of separating itself from the rest of Tal'Dorei. This is an opportunity for you to welcome other communities, to become part of the rest of the world.


You're going to have the shits later.


Dice in a box, yeah.


It makes me very nervous.


Thank you for letting me roll with that, by the way.


But it's holding Pike, so it has no bite.


I don't like it, though.


8d8?!


You get to roll again.


It’s the one you don’t suit.


Is he?


Put it in its dice jail.


Oh, so they're not in that bag? Yeah, let's replace them with other rocks and put them in.


He's trying to kill the cricket.


I'll tell you what, because you are such a purveyor of such interesting items, I will take one of those health potions, but for 50 gold. That's the running price I've seen in neighboring towns, and I don't mean to be swindled.


I don't think we should lead with that. Maybe work our way around to it. Well, I would like advice other than this little hairy man for how to get to the bog.


Library is there?


Wisdom saving throw?


He was in the tower. He was a decoy; we almost slayed him.


It is funny how you keep showing up though, like a bad penny.


What do you mean, things?


But we can at least get these people out.


He was so dreamy!


The water seems to be moving towards the direction we're going?


--the Clasp.


Come on, let's go have some fun!


Save her. Right now.


It is on the shiny die.


Sis, can I borrow some money?


Yeah, it's me.


Okay. I'm going to float by Keyleth.


Whatever that bitch's name is. Let's go!


Nila gives him a big hug.


I speak Giant!


Yeah. I have deep arcane ability.


You're nervous about everything, is that what we've come to?


I am not a number, I'm a free man!


It's at an angle, right?


You busted out the lollipop?


Jesus. Oh, nope. Do another.


Ugh, I hate that he doesn't say what it is out loud!


What of Whitestone? We put the city at great risk. How much risk are we willing to take?


Are you guys all pretty low?


What if it's only a three-hour tour?


What about you? Do you have like a magic jock strap you can rip off and change into something?


Yo, Stoneskin's up, dude. I didn't get to say that shit.


You're dreaming of magical artifacts, aren't you?


Marvel character?


Yes. I think his name is Dave? Roll a perception?


Is it easy to work around the Empire here?


They're cursed.


Okay. I'm going to go (mild screaming) and do a straight whack on it. Sorry Fjord, it's on you! Ooh, that's a natural 19. 25.


(whispers) What's an oracle arrow?


I am not feeling the hag.


Liam knows what that is. Grody to the max!


Find my dominoes. They’re here.


No, she's not okay. She's been abandoned by everyone who can help her.


You have such bad luck with this.


Yeah, the black one, Umbrasyl is the one that's--


I wanted to collect some.


All right, I'll move over to where I am and hold my attack and hope I bump into something along the way. I've got persistent rage, so I don't lose my rage.


Nott, tell her nothing crazy, you know. You don't want it to connect to us or anything.


I like it. Let's go into the dock. I love this plan.


Natural--


Does Grog?


Oh god, they're souls.


Mind your slice of the pie, all right, you guys? You're a fan of pie, so.


Just-- it'd be great, yeah. It's big. It's a big, big world.


Fuck yeah. Yeah, let's go to our quarters in the Bloated Cup.


With Matt?


Oh, small, plain, female. (dismissive sigh)


I do actually, thank you. How many points?


Deep.


Well, maybe they'll roll something extra special later. I don't know.


Frumpkin is fucking miserable because he's drenched and he does not like to be wet.


What if they don't take the rebels seriously because we're not with them? Maybe one of us should go.


I'm going to try and run past it, full speed, yeah.


It's just plus four?


This is true!


Okay, I think that's good enough. Let's go.


You know what, I'm going to get some assistance. I call my Unseen Servant to assist.


Well, maybe he needed it to save the world.


And I look him in the eyes, I cast Greater Restoration. Still have another slot left, will that work?


Yes, we should get to that. I only know because we've talked about that.


We need her clear, Tiberius.


Oh, the four of us, because we're assholes?


23. No, 24.


You were going to butcher, at Winter's Crest, and that's a special treat?


I hug her. Well not your antlers in my face.


Just wear him down.


My guess is he couldn't get to the front of the tent by the time we got to him. But that's up to you. We're just guests here.


Maybe they will be, too. You know, maybe they just like being warm.


Visually.


Whoa, that is a lot of gold.


But I can use my action for the bonus action.


My last one. Detect undead, Divine Sense.


We're just going to watch.


Oh! Okay. So I've just landed on his chest. I look in there and there's no girl in there anymore. Shit. Do I see Bigby's Hand?


Old, I like old.


And you have Frenzied Rage.


Marriage. Yep.


Yeah, I'm that guy that you can't wait to stop talking so the show can get started. So guys, last week we hit 516 on the sub-train. Okay? And each week, in theory, should grow by itself because re-subs count. So basically, if we break 516 and make a new record, we will do a giant giveaway which includes everything from Heroclix to Steam keys to D&D schwag, books from Felicia, all sorts of stuff. It will be a giant box of wonderful Geek and Sundry-related stuff. So that is if we break 516, so there's a reason to keep that train alive, guys. We are also very close to hitting 10k. We are like 160 away from reaching 10,000 subscribers. How many? 154 away from hitting 10k. Now you guys may remember #noshavetil10k. I have not. If we hit 10k, right when we hit, a straw poll will be released into the chatroom, and you guys get to vote on what my face gets shaved into for the next week of programming on G&S. And it is very unfortunate that that's how we're going to do it. So tomorrow night on Gather Your Party, it will be Stef and Jessica's birthday, we're going to be throwing a birthday party, and I'm going to let them shave my face in whatever you guys vote on, as a birthday present to them.


We're going to have to distract them.


We're gonna set him on fire, we're gonna hit him with light, we're gonna hit him with things.


Wait, which direction?


Being pissed!


I'm going to get the one in front of me. First attack, that's all right. That's 19 to hit.


This is an awesome dinner, by the way. Super good.


Does she not have sharpshooter?


Nice. Then I am going to shoot him. Oh, wait! I didn't add my Blazing Bowstring damage. Eight more for the Blazing Bowstring. And then I'm going to shoot him again. I'm just asking: do you get sneak attack damage if they're restrained?


Slash the best!


Then I'll be here; I'll be next to that pillar.


Okay. Can I exit the room and come out into the hall?


Snatch that bat!


There he is!


Okay. Sell me on this.


He's only got 42 hit points.


Shit. Stay there.


Probably. It's getting late.


I'm going to put out my hand and I'm going to do a Firebolt right next to that one.


They're expensive, Grog.


I'm sorry, I should have emphasized that more.


But then you'd have so much time to come up with a new character.


Getting the giggles out.


My people, would they be okay?


Once again, there's going to be consequences no matter what we do.


Oh! It's okay.


She rolled a 17.


You have a t-shirt.


So she did some arcane shit. Did she also look very hot and bothered?


I propose we take a nap. Go back and deal with the pixies one way or another.


Thank you. And you have no other money on you?


We should take that, and wait, this meat, don't we have a cold bag? Don't we have a cooler?


With fucking Beast Shape by being like a beasty thing.


Yeah, he seemed like he was doing pretty good when we saw him.


I tried to write as much as I could.


It came out of the wall.


So sour it was sweet.


Okay, I'll use a bonus action to get-- Is towards the window less fiery?


I thought we were finding the stuff that's hidden while we're finding him.


Just look through our 2000 rules here, wait a second.


Well maybe, like, if you give us one of those tragedy candles, we can always light it for somebody. That could be good down the road.


We're hanging here?


I'm going to see if there's a charge left in my glove and try and take the-- there wouldn't be a charge left in my glove, would there?


Well, I can't get through the-- I mean, I don't know what the fuck--


Oh. Groon. Right. The other one's weird. Would I find him in the middle of the Trial Forge?


All right, I take the Alchemy Jug and I go: You want to see a trick? Look inside. Do you see anything?


Is everybody still here? They've not taken anyone away other than--


She had all the good things.


Well, we are traveling around with an arcane being. I don't know if that's illegal.


Really? Did you really do that?


We're going to just go on in, then.


Let's go see your family.


Do you speak Abyssal? And the other book--


I can't wait to see the old-timey photos of our propped up dead bodies. Dressed finely.


There's some stuff, but this is one of them! I wanted to tease you guys. Oh, it's our official Tusk Love notebook, with art lovingly done by @OrcBarbies on Twitter. Yeah. I am in love with this.


Stocky?


They're going find some charred bodies and stuff--


What about the old lady? Do we get any loot off her?


Scanlan. Lower me down.


Oh yeah, I'm staying where I am.


Yep. Reckless! That was not a roll. 30.


If we were to sell ourselves as slaves, we could be marked as the property of the sultan.


We are off the reservation.


(chuckles) You taught me purpose, Pickle. Purpose. And I know I will see you again.


We have all the lodestones, right?


The more it's going to fall apart?


I'm going to try and get out of the cage.


I like Percy, too. I'm not going to lie.


I think we should all turn in our comment cards.


It's a farmer's market.


We should send Delilah in first.


Castlevania, Symphony of the Night, I played 'til I had blisters on my thumbs.


Are we going to go down to the docks?


Yeah, he's got one legendary resistance left. He's been saving it.


But I hired him to guard me, though.


It's up next week? Holy moly.


Or do damage.


All right, I'm going to inspire her. There once was a gnome with a mace. Who had an adorable face. She never would bed me, but I hope she won't forget me. 'Cause oh how I do love the chase.


We could go steal an airship!


No. I'm going to point at all-- you all, sun goes down, all of us drink back there. Go back. Everything's fine.


But he can't move if he's wearing the boots.


And then I slowly start to Shapechange just for the erinyes face, and I give just a flash of it. We need in. And you're going to help me, aren't you?


What are those? What is that?


Holy cow!


It was 52 total.


Well, all Vax has to do is roll, because he's already on the freaking ground.


Clear on the front!


Are we going to Polymorph Grog?


Is your father still alive?


Can I use the compass?


Well, you're going back to the goblin thing. I'm more curious about the travel thing.


I'll go with you.


Gustav is having trouble with the authorities. We're going to need to all work together to save him.


I'm honored.


(singing) I have two rings now still.


Oh shit, there's a trap.


I acknowledge that, and thank you.


No, Grog, that defeats the purpose.


Watch this go bad.


Of my own money. Yes.


From me?


Let's just fucking stand here.


Oh, there was one more thing I want to say to you.


(garbled) Listen to me, damn it! Respect my authority!


I guess I could go right--


I was just about to ask, was that well-thought-out speech inspirational?


Look, it's a space shuttle.


Oh, Jesus, we should have all talked about this while we were all peeing.


Ooh! That's good! 24?


(singing) Am Sonntag. (speaking) Urination. (singing) Ach wenn es doch endlich schon--


The idiot goliath kept it for five years.


Please tell me it was a horse playing saxophone. That's all I want. (laughter)


We'll try the gold.


I go  Yasha, look! I do Patient Defense for my other ki point.


Good job. We can pay back Gilmore.


Did you say there were two metal warriors?


Constitution saving throw now.


No, that's good, because my muscles are sore from smiling before.


Okay, I'm going to take palm to his nose and try and bat his head back into that sconce behind him.


Make sure you bring an earpiece.


Here come the artists!


I'm looking for any type of important paperwork, correspondence, what these guys are, traveling logs.


Does not hit.


A wisdom saving throw? Shit, balls, mother-- that's bad: nine.


There was no banhammer?


Yeah, the brains.


Nah. One.


Oh yeah, I'm just (angry noises).


It's been so long since you've killed something innocent! Let's bring it!


It's like a melon with a cut in it. Many thanks to you-- What is that name?


Please don't ask me about that.


You said Vex.


She's got a broken gun right now.


She said it was dark, and then I cast my spell.


It's like you've weaponized a CVS auto-door basically.


Yeah, you should just go.


Bye, Xenoth!


There's no 1d6 for cube damage. (laughter)


Do you think that people are going to start being suspicious of us if we keep selling magical manacles?


Oh dear god.


Okie-dokie.


So many secrets!


Just to be safe, I cast Freedom of Movement on Grog. Just in case.


Can I get us to that tree?


It's ten-foot radius? Ten-foot diameter?


And, as always, the motto of D&D Beyond is? (silence)


You have mashed his hair spikes down.


Well, that went well.


So that's how much? How much fire damage?


So if I just move out of the way.


Fine. I'm trying to be nice, trying to save you a damn spell.


Okay, we'll leave in the morning, yeah.


(laughing) Sibling justice.


I saw three visually.


You gave me holy oil and you holy oil.


Yeah, it's a constitution 15, is the save.


What're you hearing, then?


Certainly, yeah, yeah, masks and vests, that's a great idea.


I don't have that shit.


It's okay guys.


Has anything changed since last I was here, that I can tell?


So, what? What?


I run over and I say, Pike, Pike, what happened, you disappeared before, but now you're back. Are you here to stay? What's going on?


She can take some damage.


All of us together, like a big party?


Can I cast Hold Person? On her?


What are ankhegs? Are they fiends?


I got an Asus computer with an "aren't we clever" sticker on it?


I'm going to de-mist. There seems to be a section where people are camping. Let's just, for once, take this by the book. We want to make sure they know we're here. No sneaking into the city.


A seven. Seven for the 2d8. And then, what did I say, 13 and 11 the first time?


So Caleb would, seeing this play out as he reads, would explain it all very carefully, and delicately, because he knows how conflicted a subject, how charged a subject it would be for Fjord. But does tell everyone in the room everything.


What if these bones come to life?


Once you Duke something, you can't un-Duke it, Matt.


Please don't kill this thing.


Is there someone who can keep our cart? Do you have a place we can keep our cart?


I suppose I'd like to get a vantage point, to see what we can see. Is there any way to-- I think we all took damage. I think we're all hurt.


Yeah. I yell to everybody and be like These guys don't seem very quick and shifty!


It's a nine and a ten and five. 24.


Yeah yeah.


Carpet's full.


Oh okay, well then he's just hanging out.


Yeah. I'm useless to you guys. Yeah, I'm going to go invisible and watch from the shadows.


Including the two of us, even though we hit one?


I'm not burning Luck on this.


We could guard this entrance and rest up for a bit, get ourselves together and carry through. It's not that far. I think everybody could make it. I certainly could help somebody if they're not a very good swimmer, but--


Okay. You make us invisible?


Unmolested, except for--


I'll go in.


You're on the back of a comic book?


I don't see anything inside here. Looks like there was a broken lamp, so careful with fire.


Do you know what this is? It is a very good sale at a pawn shop.


Yeah. Yeah, back towards you, around the pool.


Oh no. No. I just put it back in the armor.


Or if we had some sort of a P.O. box.


Sounds good, Fjord.


Block the door.


Now I'm going to spend a ki point.


Okay, I run up in the fog, and I tap Trinket and I whisper in Trinket's ear and I say: Trinket, I'm tapping you out. And I turn into a bear like Trinket!


Mayhaps.


I want to get in a circle, like a dog, on one of the cushions.


Does it look like anybody's noticed us?


Start a tab, we're looking to tie one on tonight. We're celebrating.


All right, can I try to shoot an arrow into the little hole?


I probably look really good with ten years on me.


Yeah. We went to bed, got up, and then-- what was that?


Those are super fresh. (laughter)


Yeah, there was so much more, but I think he got the idea. We'll get the bonus.


(chuckles) So it is decreed.


16 does not hit.


You think those guys have strong family bonds?


He will kill me first.


Well I reacted to Fluffernutter being shouted and seeing it--


Wow. Sorry, guys. Sorry.


I want to sleep for a day.


Okay. 20 total.


I can take a little more damage before I'm awful.


This thing. This man is your enemy, yes?


Oh, man. Hire that fucking fool! (laughter)


And they stay young forever.


No, Scanlan, what did you do?


I'm in a boat. I'm in a motherfucking boat.


Oh, it's not Giant.


I am sorry for your loss, because it's really excellent once you let it breathe and open up.


I mean, who's going to die?


I do not like this plan at all.


Well, I was just - you know, I might be crossing that threshold. And I jump into a side door -


She's awesome.


Oh my god. He doesn't know any of our names!


The sword is moving a little, isn't it?


Okay. I think I'll go back to my fellows. There's nothing I can see-- that door doesn't lock-- does it lock by any chance?


Was he kind of a dick?


Sick, good turn.


How many cups are currently sitting with the teapot?


That’s a lot of gold.


False start, Redskins!


Closed it down.


They could be werefish or...


My passive perception is 21.


After doing that, I double back and I fly up that same cliff and I lift Gilmore up in the sky.


Oh! Yeah, I got something.


Plus zero. I'm better with other things.


Well, I'm not going to stick my face in something.


We were trying to do this before. We were trying to melt his face because Pike was going to do a talk to dead spell.


I think because me and Travis were so excited about it--


I think you might have the right idea.


You're in?


Yeah. I know a couple things.


Yeah, Jesus. (laughs)


He hits with this one, as well.


Fjord's work.


It was very elegant.


Do we know where he was retired from and where he was staying, maybe where he was drinking? He had to go somewhere.


An upgrade!


Don't hit Jarett.


Yeah, they certainly have nothing to lose. We are a group of people claiming we're here to deal with their issue. We either die doing it or solve the problem.


We're above base--


Is there a way to prevent the "sha-ka-kan" from coming back?


You still gotta give us the designs. No?


Now or forever?


Okay, here we go. I'm gonna play Robin. I've got protection for my entire next round.


That's not the full damage. Let's do this, plus let's do that. That's 12 points of piercing damage, five points of psychic damage, and four points of necrotic damage.


It's been a day, right?


That's the spirit. Just like that.


Follow behind a bit?


It needed someone with a dark touch. But now it's--


Are you the leader of all the people?


Gross ocular muscles. I just want to make you feel good, man, so I'll just sing to you. I'll hold up my cone, and I'll sing, (singing) Just the two of us. You can't quit me if you tried. Just the two of us. Me and your eye. So I'll Dominate Person.


Leave a mark on a tree, etcetera. if you agree to these terms, and then we leave a mark on a tree, similar sort of thing.


Good to know. Calculated risks. I'll keep that in mind. I thought you liked to play things close to the chest.


And try and lift our chin and push forward.


Wine, definitely wine.


You just got chat roomed.


Well that's what I was asking. You described a window that was jagged glass, ja?


I don't have much of that left. Yeah, my last one, I'll use it.


I'll be with you. Yeah. I'm right behind you, man.


This whole story, I've been watching.


That's all the cards. I'm simply a vessel for higher powers.


Why are you awake? Nothing. Never mind.


Go to the blizzard.


That's so horrible.


What if they set up their tent on a cursed land or something?


I like you just the way you are.


Just a question. Do you guys hunt the pixies? Because I'm getting the sense that this is a weird turf war, and I just want to know the full story before we enter into this contract.


Eight plus 16 is 24.


Flames on the side of the house!


I'm going to take this opportunity to cast Stoneskin on myself.


I've been hit by a goat in the face before. No, really. I got nailed by a goat.


Don't take them from me again!


That's a big thing.


Well, past the goblinoid creatures, and past a great underground lake. Past a jagged onyx colored fortress, framed in molten rock.


She's talking about herself.


I'm well aware. This is entirely for the sake of my mirror. I'm very well aware.


As long as they are close to each other.


No, that was for me.


So I can use my movement to jump down?


Yes. I believe so.


When you list it out like that, really weird.


We take that one and kind of like lean him forward so you can't tell immediately.


Well, I'm the only glass cannon.


What a dick.


Overnight.


Matt reaching for things is never good.


That's the closest thing.


I don't know, just doesn't sit right. How's Caduceus?


Oh my gosh, a floating severed head?


Thanks, Whitey!


Well, if we got there then yeah, probably.


This is so stressful!


We will have this conversation outside this bar.


You're part bear now!


I just want to ask, when do the Briarwoods come out?


I don't want to lie to you about this. I've been practicing intense levels of honesty, if not telling the whole truth.


A little less blue.


Mass panic, it's no big deal.


Directly in front of his face, flat side facing him, and then just poof!


Look at the lot of you. Look at these people. I should go right now. I don't know you at all. Look at this one. He's like a walking rainbow, what is this? Why are you with him? It makes no sense. He's a circus performer, he's not going to help you. This one you told everything to, to try to get into a library. You learned nothing. On your gamble, you failed. You're stupid. Smart as you are, you're stupid with this. She could cave in everything. This three that have been stolen: yeah, they're nice. Two of them. One's weird. One of them tried to kill you. The other one, she's adorable, but-- Stupid. This one here. What do you expect to do with her? How is she going to help you do what you want to do? She can watch your back--


You're inspired!


Can I see?


Oh, great!


Feel like it could have been more, honestly. Whatever.


I'm going to back up.


What language do you prefer?


I will wait because I don't like him telling me what to do and then I will get on my way.


Just a 12.


Did they really know where I put it?


Is anyone on the streets?


I'm just seeing if this is his room!


(laughing) Ah, yes.


That's not great. Acrobatics?


There's a glow in the water as well?


I saunter about. (all laugh)


Well we can figure out to where where all of us can fly over them. I'm more concerned about us cloaking ourselves. Even if we're flying they're still going to see us.


I had not a lot of friends growing up, this was a lot of quiet time.


Oh god, can I hold onto his wrist to help out?


I don't know how this works. If you roll a one-- I've never done this before-- on a d20 attack you must succeed in a dexterity saving throw-- which I don't, or suffer 1d6 piercing damage to myself. It's two.


Today, tomorrow, or--?


When shit happened.


Is the box trapped?


Let it be known, I don't think we should go as lizard people anymore.


Oh, shit. I mean, I'm not there.


Okay. This is so cool! Well, you need pillows in here, Caleb. This is really neat.


I will drop the mask.


Yeah, no, yeah, you're right.


Was I supposed to be scared?


We have to get the money from Kraghammer, right? Pike, by the way, did you notice any blue shit around?


I probably would have. Probably. I did do it for you though, Nott.


I roll up off of my side and I start to go, oh, I don't know, it might be too much. And I grab a handful of dirt and I throw it up into his face.


He's a god of some sort?


Times two-- 70.


Was it evil?


Yeah. Pots, people. I'm going to take two strikes with the radiant swords. That's a 15 to hit.


I've never done this before. Let's see here. I'm at 5th level, so it's 2d8. What's a d8?


Senokir, did that exchange go about the way you thought it would?


You're way down by 101 hit points, though.


I don't have any clever closer. I'm just going to crawl into bed and go to sleep.


Oh! There was this floor with this relief in it of these two faces, and Fjord put some coins in it. It opened up and he collapsed and fell in a pit. It was super fun.


But he wants arms!


Ha, I'm sure I lost it. How do I do this? First one's a natural 20.


I can fire hover?


Stay in the mansion forever.


22 points of damage to it?!


Would you be willing to come on Mines N Crafts and do a little more detailed show-through of it? Because it's really cool, and there's details you guys can't see. Everyone was like, let him show off his swords, and I'm like, they're not real swords.


I hear rain.


You can break.


That's fair. I guess the only-- no, that's right, we're done. I think we got everything.


Come on, 20!


d4, d4.


Or it could be somebody that's being slowly sucked dry of all their blood.


I'm a good boy.


Is it all right if I try something? No, nothing like that. I just wanted--


Was it dead or was it undead? I'm just being stupid; go for it.


40 and bonus to rage.


They won't have to be sneaky if we make enough of a distraction, right?


And then you can use it if you need it.


Yeah, because I have no hit points.


Wait. Yeah, because I'm still hidden in the tree, right?


Overviews the city?


-- push us towards the portal with Control Water. Just (sound of rushing water).


You can do it every turn.


Okay. I'm out.


Shit. Well, I'll move away from it. Wait, I'm within its melee?


Ooh shit, you rolled bad, yo!


Okay, so that is 13.


Oh, I'm not out, because I have Molly's necklace.


Like that time we walked through the back door of the Thieves' Guild, that was fun.


Where do we attach these chains to? The ground?


It goes into a little pocket dimension! Is what she told me. I don't even know what that means!


Mostly be careful walking on them. You'll see them.


I will yell to-- what is it, Szundi?


Laundry.


All right. I throw a dagger in his face.


Dang.


What were the words you just used?


Does the shark get an attack?


Holy cow. I have a coffee problem.


Didn't you have one made?


We could also put a meat pie in the--


Would you like me to attach the mask to your fine hat?


Will you be able to keep tracking it? After you sleep?


Get out, get out, get out, get out.


Pike? I thought she was already inside?


Okay, so for each attack, too. So where's my-- Okay, that misses-- Well, five. That's a 16?


Don't believe him, Jester.


We put a tent in there and if we want to attach another tent to the back.


But I'm also going to put a Spiritual Weapon, just a sword again. Can't think of anything right now because I'm nervous.


I understand. Healing potions were how much again? 70 gold?


(snorts and laughs) Myrrh, sandalwood, opium, and dragon's blood. Not real dragon's blood, but dragon's blood--


His soul could be inside of it


There's only one show in a day; we don't want to miss it.


Those fucking vocals, son. That shit.


Yeah. And then just ride them--


I'm gonna send him to the library at the very least.


That's not a bad thought.


Oh. No, of course not. It's artistic licence. Come on. (laughter)


I'm going to spend my last Grit. Last Grit is a shot to the spine devil.


21 points against who?


I'm Haley and Deneghra and Fiora.


What is Trinket?


I don't actually know what it's rolling against. What is it against?


What kind of traders do they look like? What are they trading in?


(whispers) Oh god!


Absolutely. And wait, am I making him celestial-ish?


Oh, right. Snow's falling.


That's his action.


That's as far as I can get, that's fine. I'm going to take a couple shots, with the big gun. I'm going to Bad News this. So, let's take a shot at that guy. Yeah, that's reasonable range. Yeah, okay. Not too close. That's not bad, 21.


3d6?


Jazz hands?


It's not as good as you described it.


Okay! I'm coming! Where is that? Shit, where am I? I ask around for the Shade.


Do I know enough about this potion to know if it gives me any other breaths, or is that it?


Lot of books.


This is the job. This is what brought you up here? Interesting.


Find out if it's good or bad or neutral. Because I don't know anything about this. Right, I don't know anything about this?


That's eight percent of your hit point pool.


Real poorly. (cracking)


It is a very nice shirt.


Let me do it straight up.


Wait, we're going to give-- oh, that's--


Well, from what I heard, we head south towards Sunder Peak. Towards the southwest, it's volcanic territory.


If it's facing us.


Can I send the Grand Duchess?


Can I turn and say, all right, amateurs, time to go pro! And I would like to use Reckless Attack and with my frenzied rage, I take all three attacks at the crystal-bearing piece of shit. I can't hit him with my thing.


Also, they will put out of businesses, if possible, they have some sort of paperwork that would come from the desk of the High-Richter.


Can we do a check to see if there's any jerky or anything in the cellar? Did we already do that?


What? How do you mean?


I fisted through it!


Nothing else to do.


(yelps)


Did I take damage from that one arrow?


Octopi?


Everybody but Scanlan.


Does any of this look familiar to you, darling?


It succeeds on the 19?


Is it Thursday yet? (cheering)


Somebody left that there.


It was crazy down there. The lights, the monsters!


Can we say we go and try to sell some of this stuff, or do you guys want to do this next time?


Yeah. Keep your cat.


There's a different wallpiece!


Have we met Old Davin?


We have to go find him, don't we?


All right, so I'll heal him.


The guard house, you know.


Can I look at the beacon?


Is there enough chaos for us to step into one of these open rooms and shut the door behind us?


A dragonborn.


Did it come from any Water Ashari, or anything like that? (all laugh)


Time, and things in the woods, on occasion. We go hunting. And I've also been training men how to use their guns, so there's been a bit of that.


(garbled voice) No!


I'm going to use my bonus action to just-- No, I'm not going to bother with that for now. It's not really going to-- If you go down, you go down at this point.


I don't like that so let's keep going.


(garbled) This ravioli is delicious, by the way. My compliments to the little purple men.


I don't know, I just liked the name.


Is Uk'otoa here?


What about a Superbowl ring?


Oh, I have it, actually.


So what about mail fraud? Is mail fraud in there, or is it lesser than stealing?


Trojan horse and a suit that they wear. They could sneak themselves onto the stage that way.


East.


Wow. Really? It was meant to move? I think I loosened it for you, Grog.


That's the stealth robe?


They always bring more friends.


Wait! Sh! He's doing stuff.


Ah! One.


Beyond that, if that fails-- And then I cast, for right now I'll just do Wall of Stone, I'm just burning through all my spells as a demonstration. And I bring up two pillows. Two pillows?


Of course, friend, we've never seen you before in our entire life.


Wrong. Why?


Bear love.


You ain't going nowhere, motherfucker!


Don't press any more buttons.


At least do the hold.


Mm, no!


I'll go second.


So many new friends lately.


I had a one.


I'm going to cast Message. We are the fucking best! You can respond to this message! (laughter)


Well, it's fake, though.


Who's going to be throwing the tar? You with your Mage Hand, maybe?


Was it a parrot? I hear there's parrots on pirate ships.


He's excellent! He can make one thing into another. We used to have this trick where we would sell people a magical box that could turn a copper into a silver.


Curled Flower. The Stench Cow, or the Corpse Flower?


Because this is smart.


23 for Fjord, 20 for Yasha.


Or the cat, yes. How about the cat goes to the area where Molly has seen. Which, Liam, for you, is the bottom left of the picture I sent you.


Well, yeah, have you ever seen a giant naked? You'll never forget it.


Yeah, they seemed very grateful.


The Boots of--


Not even anyone at the table.


I'm going to move two spaces over.


Pumat, library.


What are we doing now?


And then I'm going to use my bonus action to take one of my few remaining potions. The medium one.


I speak Celestial.


This is insane! This looks so 3D!


I'm very confused. (all laugh)


All right. Can I have a try? You've got one eye, right? Ugh.


I'm going to pull out my sword, and I'm going to carve into the side of the tree a big sign that says "Here Lies Salty Pete" with an arrow down, straight below.


Well, actually, it says the void is filled with a cacophony of soft whispers. No light, magical, or otherwise, can illuminate the area of the 20-foot sphere--


Oh, you know he doesn't have any hair. Maybe you could be like: Baldy McGee!


Shitty people.


He does this a lot, Yasha.


I think I understand. Take another sip. Ah, well, regardless of betters or otherwise, I'm grateful for the sanctuary. All of us are. So we, I assume, are not the first people you've met coming into town, looking for a rakshasa?


Well, I heard from Percival that they're super, super dangerous. But I don't know what they do.


What is that? How many-- oh, she's rolling dice.


That's the other character.


Insight check, watching this?


One of our guys?


Not good! Seven!


Yeah we did because we put the Knights of Requital in it. The KR symbol.


Well, I have a wonderful compromise. You know, we can all camp down here as I suggested, you included. In the morning, my good friend Jester can get to the bottom of your intentions for good. For real.


Like, you throw a Fireball and make it go?


I thought Desmond was like a teenager. Is he, how young is he?


Level three for this one, please. Two.


Oh, wait, remember, Laura, you can move a little bit faster because you have 30 gold less than you did earlier. (laughter)


When I was young, we would stack three up and put on a coat.


I want to make decisions.


We have three other fancy robes.


You're right. One point plus four is five.


You also still have this, I think.


Yeah, let's intercept them.


I've just had it up to here with being bossed around by people like him.


That sounds cool.


Just a thing that was given to me.


But he put it in the Mending Wheel!


We have to get the animal men here to see it, or else it isn't worth it.


Straight across.


You make really good blondies, and many things besides blondies, as well.


No, he doesn't because he didn't have the feast.


Surgical, special ops, seal team six.


So roll another.


Yeah, we don't know anything about this Dolan, this Horris' motives, or their agenda.


Oh, good! Okay, good, thank you for saving me.


I mean we got to go back to Whitestone, right away? Is there anything else to do here? Is there anything to deliver, any piece of any body to take with us? Anything? We got everything already?


Let's hunt some scallops.


But how did you survive that?


Yeah, it's really pretty, but lemme give it a try.


So it's revenge, then.


How do we know how much is left on-- We don't?


Well, then I will take a moment to limber up for the day. Stretch up. Yeah, just stretch up. Active squats.


Yeah, obviously it is magical, by the way.


One is in Fjord's gooch.


14, 17, 18, plus six, so it's 24, plus another eight, so that's 32.


Adding it to my list. Basilisk-- wait, I don't know what it is. It's just an egg. A magical egg.


At the risk of bringing up Scanlan again--


Well, Delilah's still up there, so if she falls at least she takes some damage.


They were everywhere the last time.


I'm not angry!


Some bees, yep.


Hell yeah, she is.


Touché.


I don't know. There was an interrogation. Dr. Ripley was asking questions. I assumed, for all these years, that that's what became of my family.


I'm feeling it.


Get Trinket out, and I'll pull Pike up.


Keyleth talks to the rest who stayed out. Okay, Percy, do you have an hourglass thing?


Start with the eyes.


I like the idea of you just standing there going, [bell dangling noises]


Check out the big brains on Brad! 23.


This is a great wand.


I don't trust Gil. I never roll on his dice.


He's in the necklace.


We don't have a cleric!


Spread out. 30 feet between us, the two groups. Clerics with each group.


Ja, that's on you, buddy.


Is that a no?


Are we going to go after them or are we going to go back to sleep?


I have a very good distraction.


Rustic. Very rustic.


What? We already have one champion of the Raven Queen. Why not?


Half-movement? That's fine, sure. I just want people in front of me.


Something tells me that people fight in this city a lot.


Okay, so I guess we will get through this city and eat a Heroes' Feast when we get to our destination?


Oh, uh, very well. I'll Watery Sphere and help him maintain him.


I have 20 movement.


Right? (laughter)


You're standing next to him?


We had this discussion today.


He now knows the facts. He knows his skill level. He knows where he stands. He will either go back to being a fishmonger--


Wait. Wouldn't it be funny if that was Marius?


Oh, there's the guy hanging up in the tree!


That's not the Blue Man Group I know.


Okay. Wait. Yeah, okay.


Okay, so I'm in the jaws.


Have we heard of these individuals and these--


I don't know, do I?


Okay, no. That's a one.


Please, we don't want to get you in any sort of trouble--


What does he like?


I’ll grab my mace.


Oh, goddamn it.


It's just if I get really mad.


A candle? Do you have any candles that could aid?


You know, I like that idea. Maybe Yasha and I can stand and hide and crouch in the corners while you guys get its attention and shoot it from range. What I would be afraid of is if we were all in there, and it eventually did what it did to those bars over there, and busted in. And we were all sitting ducks on the inside.


Let's head quietly in that direction I think might be--


Yes, make a saving throw.


We're superheroes.


What is there to say that hasn't already been said by me?


I'm not going up.


How about I send Frumpkin with you and between Frumpkin and you, we'll be in good shape?


Is there other shit in there?


It's the only song I know, but it works.


Third watch.


You're a busy man.


Oh, okay, great. 11.


No way, you can actually pop off a head!


I'm like, take a picture! Whatever that is!


Where's the meat?


Doo-doo-doo. Fight!


Can I do a persuasion check-- a perception check to see if he's lying?


One more level two potion.


An attack roll? Which is?


That was your stealth.


What is she doing? What is Yasha doing?


I give her a big hug. I'm so tired. I'm sorry. I'm going to sit down.


What are you trying to know?


Whatever preparations one can make for something like this, to be prepared to hide. (sighs) For now.


Plus two. So 28.


All right. That's my turn, I guess.


I'm a pretty good-- I'm like Rich Little.


Simon!


See if you can smelt some platinum into that thing, Grog. Should it be platinum? Should probably be platinum, yeah?


Oh, we're private in the room.


Not crazy-ish.


Only a moment of your time. I'm a little embarrassed that I did not remember this the other day, but it was quite an evening that night.


I put it in the bag. (laughter)


I kick the dirt.


It's not wood, but sure.


He has a name.


Yeah, what if you write in it and say, "Hey, I need the Incantation of Isolation!"


It can be thin as a sheet of parchment.


The second is also 27.


Oh, and I'd like to start to revert, if I could.


Sorry, but--


We'll take just a small nap.


Welp, Scanlan. I'm sorry to let you know--


Probably a campfire.


He did, actually.


Weird, but sweet.


Can we hear? Are we next door to this room? Can we hear what's happening?


I'm looking on the map. Near the Felderwin Tillage.


Unfortunately, the only kind of energy I'm allowed to use, most of the time.


Yeah, I've been there. I know it pretty well. It ain't a nice place. It's probably the least nice place that you could all possibly go to, so--


That's a d8 there.


I am up to 80.


Prepare to drink like kings.


14 for Trinket.


Play it out?


By the blessings of Bahamut, I choose Emon!


Maybe the rot behemoth moves?


His name was Winter's Crest. If he lived that long, that was when we were going to butcher him and eat him. You can rename him, it's fine.


The Not There Fairy? Not there!


But we need to replenish the healing potion you used. If we don't have that, then what happens the next you get in trouble?


Think about it, for 50,000 gold, we're only 15,000 gold away from getting one of those fucking flaming swords!


Use the dodeca if you need to.


Goliath grab! But we need to remember that. We need to remember that.


Sound good for you guys?


No, you had a ring and you had a bracelet.


Whoa.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax’ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capitol of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capitol didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night, and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journey back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (roaring) With their ties all severed, Vax’ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by side-stepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, (drawing blades) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


This is a sword that has a name!


17 plus.


I feel like it's trying to take it from me.


Wait, what about the people that are near the hydra?


Good to know.


Wait, d10 for me?


Yep.


What was the first thing you rolled?


I will draw them in great detail.


It's producing a lot of it, too. Way more than it should.


Then I'll let my hand blacken and I will fire off a Fire Bolt at him from here. Which I'm sure will miss. Yeah it is. It misses. (laughter)


This is the best we can do for them.


That's right. And it was great.


I said you, not me.


Okay, well I don't wanna get anywhere near that.


That's true. You all want to throw me?


He going to turn to jelly. Do I have my movement?


You fired? To the left or the right?


I punch Grog across face.


Dark creatures attempted to, as best that we can surmise, open a gate beneath the castle of Whitestone.


Commissioner. I don't know. Could be. We just cracked the case again.


Are the two giants together or are they coming from opposite sides?


Yeah, it happened... last night?


Okay, I hear a little shithead grey-skinned dwarf--


I really don't feel like he is.


Mercenary.


Is she still a raging bitch?


I Hunter's Mark her, as well.


So, question, because I put on the Ring of Invisibility before we left.


Great for cats.


Earthbearer Master Splinter.


It's just absurd.


When was the last time we saw them?


I did, it's on the plastic.


Do you play the piano?


Where I will see a bunch of dudes up high, and I want to try to do Conjure Barrage up and over the Wind Wall and in an arc downward on everybody on the other side of it.


Yeah, I got higher than that. 26.


If we had a little bit of time or if we're really, really smart, we could theoretically rig the most epic dragon trap ever.


That's so trite.


Are you willing to leave the temple now?


I literally texted Matt today and I was super upset.


(flute noises)


Nott, remember what we talked about? Criminal penalties--


The Judge? Will do. It's so intimidating when she says it like that.


(sings) Seeming. Feel me, touch me, heal me.


A blue dragon.


Maybe they'll think that it's just a fashion thing, and they'll let her through.


A dagger that comes back to you?


I'm just waiting.


I want to hear details! Dirty, dirty details! Sweaty details!


Let's go maintain the illusion of innocence for the evening.


We're out by now.


This is so romantic.


Are you asking me to make you into a cow right now?


High action.


That's one of the dragons.


Specifically for hard-shell insects.


Ain't nothing.


I use my tail to--


We're going to give out, it says here, a shirtless picture of Travis Willingham riding a mechanical bull.


I'm going to cast it at fifth level.


Do we know where these-- where these dragons have been all this time, where they were banished to?


He's in trouble! Let's go!


Oh, yeah, I'll take the other one.


Well, what?


I wasn't part of this band of breaking the law. I'm here to gain entry into this guild.


I'm going to aim for the face. I'm going to take a head shot on him.


I rolled a one, and I have a negative two.


You must take this. You've got many more battles left in you. This is going to serve you better than it ever served me. And just so you know, I don't know what the Herd would do, but if you ever go into battle again against other dragons, you know who to call. I'll be ready.


Oh, okay. Plus anything?


Ooh, you could double dash!


I'm all on my own.


Investigate or perception?


I will also say I'm going to take it and that chest they just threw out as well.


Don't you wish we had Trinket now?


Is it okay to keep sleeping right here, are they going to come search for us? Probably not more than one search party.


What are you, a sellout? Come on, man.


I really need a drink.


Jeez!


Oh, you kissed Keyleth in the middle of that fight!


Uh-huh. Fluffernutter.


Okay! I still yell  Hey, guys--


I see something on the horizon; do you know of any masses in the area? Maybe a ship, or island, or--


I just wanted to think about it. It's fine.


I said that I would be on lookout duty, so I'm just peering-- Wait they went to the alley to go?


We love you, Yev.


What's your health at?


We're going off the map, man! Probably need a special boat for that.


Just go back to The Leaky Tap and then, you know.


Thank you, Loot Crate.


Let's head to the closest mansion.


Sure you're okay, Grog, that you don't have the dagger? I know you wanted it.


I’m just talking about getting the dog-- no!


Where are you standing?


Well, that kind of clues us in on a lot, actually.


Oh, I would like to, after all the smashing is done.


I guess if I bought the painter's kit then it just stays and I don't run out of that.


I'll go forward.


I know you've taken this burden on yourself, but I think we would all feel a bit better if you would accept this as a small thank you, for then and now as well.


(airhorn sounds)


Fated to do well.


Air guitar us out of here?


You could get advantage.


We walk towards the Suncut Bazaar, keeping an eye out.


There it is!


No, believe me, you don't want the tail.


Wait, where is Westruun? Oh, there's Westruun, that's where we are right now. So we have to go-- I just spit on your map, Percy. Up through the woods, into the mountains. Whitestone is mountains.


Trinket died.


Did I overhear them?


It's an action. Well, I already did it. I already Tolled the Dead, so too late.


They are wrong. It's horrifying! There's monsters in it, you can't see down below, it can snuff you out in a few moments.


What if the flying carpet gets ruined?


Oh, like wishbone?


Whatever you call it. Then she gets up there and I am going to use my tricks to hold him and let her rip him off the wall and split his skull upon the stones beneath.


You are more ambitious than I am.


Oh, I didn't fucking Hunter's Mark him. God damn it. Fuck. 15.


(singing) I'm still standing.


I pick up Tary.


We don't have any more of that.


That's 17, 27, 29--


Make it blink.


Who's there? Hi, Pike! I'm so glad you're here.


She's going to pull out some shit.


I must wage a complaint. That was not a regulation arm-wrestling match, they did not have elbows down--


I pull the sheet a little lower. (all laugh)


Yeah, up to the wall. (impact) Dagger dagger dagger. So flanking, advantage. First attack is a 26.


Let's explore this opportunity.


Wow, two in row! Was that the studded guy?


But that would get you on the cart with the bad guys. You can't just rain down terror from above?


And chain, and then lift it and then take it away.


Big Helper.


He does have Water Breathing cast on him.


(singing) Mansion it up!


I'm grabbing the wine and I'm leaving right now.


We're moving from--


Is that our business?


I get it! Okay. Yeah.


I'm halved because I have resistance.


Can you point to where Pike is on the map? Okay.


What is this, thieves' tools?


(whispering) I put my hand on Fjord's leg.


Ooh, it's like an invitation.


Not good. 15.


You described the first group looked humanoid, no strange features, just arms, legs, head, but for the second one with the serpent they're a little weird?


They will help me?


Nice. (all laugh)


I don't really know. Do I know that he cast Haste on me? Would I be aware of that?


So 17.


Well, if she wants to use one of three channel divinities for today.


I feel very mopey.


(sings with the background music)


Yay, Vex!


I'm going to move that way again, past over here. Around Yasha.


Well, we knew that going in.


A glaive.


It's airy. Right? That's what I heard. Oh no, boo!


The rope's not-- Oh, were you holding onto the grapple?


Wang stacker. All right. (laughter)


I start speed wading back. (stuttering) Are my books dry?


Thank you, Matt for making this game work with half of a crew.


Yes, I look for that. Good idea, Grog! Good thinking.


This is the way I'm shaped, what's wrong? This is my shape.


I don't want anything to do with them.


I'm going to cast Detect Magic.


Oh, all right. Then he stays there.


Do you worship the Traveler?


Oh, that's fancy.


Oh, the town. We were in the camp. Okay.


Shaky dance. (laughter)


The floor does burn.


Oh, bidet.


Oh god, why'd I get plate armor?


Okay. 14, plus four lightning damage, and then I'm going to hit him again. That is also a 32. No, that's-- well, it's very high. 27? 28


Oh, 8d6.


I'm going to run in. I can move six, right?


Yeah. Then she went away, but then she didn't go away. She was still there. She's not done. So fucking drunk.


11, same.


Can we go into it?


Since we've traveled this once before. Did you want to join?


Five or six days in, I think, and I'm really questioning this decision.


Well, fucking hand 'em over, we'll sell 'em for stuff.


Could be a Rick and Morty portal to the Shadowfell.


The Nestled Nook Inn.


They'll be happy to see a cat.


This is a real treat for me, thank you. Thank you everybody.


Stealing from the workshop that you partially own?


Not into the orb of death.


I've been-- I've been mulling it over.


What are you fucking doing, lopping off your arm?


Let's go and be really smart and do this.


Well, when I'm a fire elemental.


Yeah, hook it up, homie.


I could not tell you.


Oh, okay. Well, good.


Keep some grain and meat or something.


Oh, so it's useless to us.


With frozen. Does that help me with fire at all? Can I bat the flames away with my icy paws?


Gern, our friend.


Is that magic?


Fjord, you cannot keep blaming yourself when you were the victim in this circumstance. You understand that, right?


Take a second to identify the necklace so we don't get--


What did we agree the total for everything we wanted was?


(yells) Oh!


Vax or Liam?


Thanks, Pike! Should we pop out? Should we do this?


Come on, cleric.


Do they look like townspeople?


A lot of gold dust?


I'm not there, but--


I am sorry for your loss.


James Tybalt. Assistant to the Plank King. Do we need to bring any presents or anything to the Plank King when we meet him?


Feels nice here. Maybe a timeshare.


We saw a storm coming. Has it hit yet?


My spellcasting is actually overhand, but...


I have three 5th-level spells plus my Scrying Eye that I haven't used yet.


No, you were nailing it. We did a jinxies thing, yeah.


Yeah, I mean, you don't need me to tell you it hits.


And a troll dick.


Hey, Grog almost died once. He fell from a great--


I have the power! The power of Greyskull! All right, so I'll-- shit. That's it! Oh shit, so, there's a guy. There's a guard, right? Oh, shit. I can't do anything to him. So I'll just yell at him, he was an assassin, sent to kill the Sultan!


I have a proposal.


You're welcome to take a look at the job postings if you don't want to take a bath, but I'd highly recommend a bath. Baths are great.


Well. Really, what's the necklace before we go any further to make sure it's not a come-find-my-shit?


No, the first one was right.


Nowhere.


Oh, shit. Well. Yeah. We got some chained manacles, they're some big sons of bitches with a bunch of runes on the cuffs.


I think we should touch it, you guys.


Cross your fingers.


I left every town better than I found it.


Do you want to go first?


The pastries!


Oh, fed him a potion.


Yeah, but I mean, I haven't seen them in a very long time. Since I was but a kid.


Just kidding! (giggling)


Where do you find those comics, guys?


I'm going to sleep.


Well, sleep? Do we need to get any intel on where these pools are? Do we need anything?


Lorenzo.


No, I just start weeping silently in the back.


25! No, sorry, 24!


I have a feeling they're not going to respond to the crazy guy.


Ooh! You want me to hold onto all that for you?


Behind the back. Oh shit. (laughter)


Yes, stop it!


Is this a realization that you had?


I have to pee. It's like hide and go seek. The waiting.


You should probably be speaking to the people on the docks, yeah?


That's unfortunate!


And as a bonus action, cast Sanctuary on her.


Yeah, but like I said is really hard for me to tell. It's not like we had a party every year.


I think it helped.


Well, we had a Grog.


I didn't. [music]


Want to go check in at the Slayer's Take?


We're not enough. We are not enough for this. We are going to all die horribly if we try anything like that again.


No. All great guesses.


Tone it down two notches.


She what?


I have an idea that can make that happen.


Great. Same here, because this was great conversation.


We haven't talked to her like you have.


Does it look like there-- Can I do a nature check to see if this is an old lake bed? Like there is a river bed?


Caleb, you want to use the torch to take a look in there, maybe? I'm keeping an eye through this hallway and I think I'm going to slowly start scooting.


It doesn't say anything, at least, in the D&D Beyond. Let's look in the actual book.


Is it a new day?


That's it. I'm sorry.


I got you.


Charming. My name is Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski De Rolo III.


Could you, like, make a, you know, parting of the Red Sea sort of thing?


Look, you put a lot of stress on it, all right? It made your ass-water just fine.


Well, if you drop back down to zero hit points, you'll revert back to your normal form, being able to water breathe, full hit points.


Hello, pick a card.


I like you already. Here, do you have a cup or something I could pour into?


What if he knew where we were?


Both? Both. The week after Gencon we will be streaming the panel that we did at GenCon. I feel like Brian is going to be in New York for Ashley's birthday right now. He flew out today.


I take the tongue-less one, and I throw him out. I keep him bound. He's bound amongst the chest and hands. And I throw him out the window. Bye, motherfucker!


And Velora? Where's she?


I want it to light up the crystal. Trying to see how far I can get it to reach up to the top.


I'm going to scoot up behind Fjord and see if I can detect any arcane anything before the spell sniffs out.


I know, we should talk. I just, I really like him, I think he's really funny. I really the fact that he's a musician, but.


Do harm. Ill will.


Oh, well he might get-- you know what? He might think that's really fun. That could be fun.


(as Nott) All right! I'm done! Hand me that dead cat!


Just don't get into trouble, I guess.


I might as well do what Pike says. I'm going to bum-rush the sphinx.


Oh, that's nice!


It was a terrible joke.


To avoid any traps, and then look around the door from the inside to see if she had trapped it or anything.


Relaxing.


I have ball bearings.


It's just the same one.


You got a new pet.


Could you dual wield?


What's our primary goal? Just to stop them and prevent them from fleeing?


Yeah, that'll take me 60 feet.


Some sort of-- I don't know, can you restore... Restoration?


First one. Okay. 16?


Here's my thought. Certain of us are gonna be better under the water with our natural forms and some of us aren't. Half of us go... (laughs)


Music help!


Hey Caleb, you want to take a look at the pouch?


No. Oh. But I have Pass Without a Trace, which is still going.


I'm going to bounce off the wall, after the other one hit, and spinning around and finally taking him, and knocking him out with the little spike on the side of the sword. Right in the helmet.


Not the face!


It's like Fox and the Hound.


In a handful of days.


We're all so stressed out now, which is, it's kinda cool.


Yeah. We lay all three of them, one, two, three, out in a row.


You. Stole. From. Our. Friends. Not. Cool.


That's double.


I thought that was funny.


Scanlan can make you feel good.


Is there one more box we haven't opened?


Tracy Bowman. Next to Tracy you will see...


I can do a--


Where's your dice jail?


How are we going to get it out of there?


I feel like Grog's getting more--


Good try!


I am enjoying this character so much.


Oh no. I'm still struck by the fact that you have walked into this tavern where we are. It means something.


There's no fair and square. And honestly, if you were anybody else, I would find it when I was rummaging through your corpse later. But it's you. So instead I just use my words, and I'm trying to be a better person. If you really like it, maybe we'll have a special one made that's a little safer. But not that one. That's one of mine.


Cool, it's there, good deal. 23.


You're a gofficer and a nentleman. Thank you very much.


Oh my god, it's too pretty.


Oh yeah, I should've ran Trinket up there.


I thought Gilmore said they could do that there, before. That's why I was going to cough up the green for the Gil, as it were.


It's a Red Bull.


She turned to stone?


"Asp Hole?" What does it say? "Where you" what?


It's pretty good.


My perception's really high, can I try to find him?


Does he still have the diamond with him?


And Death Ward lasts for eight hours?


Shadycreek?


Thank you. (groans) Ow.


Go back to work.


I thought you went to shoot the arrows in the other house.


I'm using it every time. (laughter)


What? Grog, that is so scary.


I'll catch up on some reading, I guess. Some of my alchemy reading.


Another constitution saving throw.


What? Running over, pouring a healing potion in her mouth, instantly, as quickly as possible.


And Vecna's also back to full. Right?


Just saying, it feels like we're leaving an opportunity in the sewer.


Fake them out? What do you mean, fake them out?


Eliza Dushku.


Don't worry, Percy, he makes it--


We might find our way down to the Menagerie Coast at some point, and if we do, we'll give you a look.


I had tutors. I had the best teachers. I had--


Can I perception around it before we do anything?


Yeah, five hit points.


I'm not done with her.


Yeah, we'll walk there. We need turtle power.


Take it off of Gilmore. He's still alive.


See you in 17. [break]


If you can ask it questions, maybe we could ask it a few more questions?


Let's do the skeletal guy.


The circumference of this thing is massive. The diameter.


I know, it's all right. It's all right, Wilhand. It's all been taken care of.


I do. I whip my reed. I whip my reed back and forth.


I can't do anything. But he's still advantage, right?


I would like to bonus action.


Do you want to bring your rock?


We also have three dragon teeth, fangs from the beast’s mouth.


I don't remember, but I know that my cats could see in the dark growing up.


Ten feet from where I was.


Where would we find something that's handwritten?


And also what we might face.


You could make a lot of dresses out of that tent. That's fair.


Spay and neuter your pets! I'm going to do Flurry of Blows and I'm going to do one more.


Red brick on the base by door. I'll come see you guys tomorrow.


That's a four.


Captain Tusktooth.


That's an 18, and they just keep getting better.


That looks like an open book at the end of the room, Caleb.


She's not dead yet!


Yes! I'm Taryon fucking Darrington. People shake when they see me walking down the street here.


That's way better. (laughing)


The digital issue. The first issue releases digitally this coming Wednesday.


Form tackle this bitch.


I was on my way over to the other--


I'm already regretting the name.


We could tie the rope-- oh, we can't tie the rope to you, because now it's tied on the other side.


A fancy. I want a fancy robe.


Can I use my inspiration too?


It's a small hole the bolt makes.


A half-inch for Frumpkin?


How dare you?! (laughter)


Shut up! 17.


Taxman.


So you're saying essentially our two options are we can either keep it here and study it to try and figure out a way to destroy it and have all of the risks of this horn being inside the city or we take the other massive risks of trying to ship it off somewhere and hope that it gets sealed away?


That is Magic  the Gathering.


I have that. I hit a random person with the Wand of Smiles as we walk by them.


Where is Prada? Devil Wears Prada, where is he?


Giant eagle.


Yeah, we're looting these bodies right now. That's nice.


I imagine we'll figure it out once we get there.


I do not have 300 gold.


Your turn!


Why don't you do trans? I'll do enchant.


Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine, I’m fine.


We also have your cousin Zanror now at the head, which seems a little bit more clever than Kevdak ever was.


Me and Yasha basically got it out.


What if you don't cut into it?


How far does your Message work?


How many fucking bolts are there?


Nott, please be quiet.


Are the faint glows repetitive, like they're coming from the same place over and over again?


You say "dot dot dot"?


He said someone came through? He's talking about this guy?


You get all your grit points back, aren't you excited?


You should throw a party. Invite them all. Get to know them again.


The one that smells like patchouli is mine.


Okay, so three of us on that carpet  one big one, one little one, and a medium.


I'll go in a pocket, I guess.


Okay, do we wanna stay here? Do we wanna do this here?


Quick, answer it!


Are they like mermaids?


That's the other thing.


We kill everybody. (laughter)


Two hand.


All industry? Where would we be looking for further up the mountain?


You feel like-- yeah!


They're all bones.


Okay. I do that.


Lame. All right.


Nope, that's a mistake. You also don't mean to do that.


You pull the hairs out.


15-- plus anything?


Sweet. So the first one was the crit.


Tary is very excited about my plan. It's affecting his memory of what happened.


Just because you're so well-established in this region, so well-known and connected as you mentioned, does the name Marius LePual ring any bells?


Ah, but that is strength. I require power.


I'm going to take a few steps forward, like two boxes forward, and I'm going to release a Hold Person on Ripley.


Who has a mimosa?


What's this book called? Does it have a name?


Don't tell them it's dead people tea, and then wait until they drink it and then go, "Guess what that was made from!"


Yeah! It's ten people!


Kaitiaki.


Guys, I feel like we got the better end of the deal on this draw. Kind of glad I'm not fighting this thing.


Never mind, I can't find my spell.


Thank you. This is a great honor.


That's a devastating toot.


I feel like if you give it to me, I'm going to end up dropping it and it's not really going to be that useful.


I'm not doing my accent right now. So I'm going to pull out both the swords, and I'm going to drag them on the back of my neck, and before the blood even begins to pour, it goes straight into ice along the blades.


No, I'm going to scramble everything. I'm going to get some beer. I'm going to get some mayo. I'm going to get a little bit of everything, I'm going to put it in my--


A lot of carbs.


You're going to have to amend that one name, though, just to be fair. It's Lady Vex'ahlia.


Yeah. To... the... Spark Hammer Smithing! (laughter)


Nah, could I guesstimate how far it was from entrance to portal? Where the rope is?


What's the name of it again?


d10 plus my dex-- d10?


Ooh, that feels fun.


You've seen it?


And I'm going to-- nothing, I'm just going to stand and walk out front.


Oh, so you roll!


You're going to be real sad about it. So we got to let her go.


No, but we have hit dice. You don't need the spells.


Fuck their shit up!


I do.


Nice, Tal.


You should try to look less handsome.


We lost two in the sewers. (laughter)


First one is great, that is a 33. And the second one is also pretty good, 25. Do those both hit?


So we just need information and then we run?


So they have it penned in, but it is out of their control?


-- eight-foot-tall--


Can I do a scan and look around?


Crap, balls. Can I see anything? I can't see anything. Outside?


I scoop some ash. Lady of the Grey Hunt, here. I scoop up some ash and I pour it into her hands.


Scanlan appears in a purple puff of smoke!


I'll just back up to the tunnel leading out of the-- yeah.


29. All that.


Tearing your family apart? And stopping them?


I like that you approve of the arranged marriage, but it's the bells that really--


It's okay. It gets better.


For now, I rolled an 11.


Well, I mean, that works because as Dolan said, these fancy people tend to get other people to write their mail and do their paperwork for them, so…


We should call them Dookies, for sure.


Just one I can see, although he's talking to someone-- I'm going to cast Calm Emotions over there just to see what that does.


So we head down to the mines.


That's really good, because I rolled a one.


(Bane voice) Oh, sorry, giantkin.


That's the opposite of what I said!


Unless they're boots. And then they're amazing.


Wonderful plan Scanlan.


Don't you think it's weird that someone would be a pirate and they would come here because they were a pirate and then they change their mind and decide to be a shopkeeper here instead?


Me and eight. So let's go! (teleporting sounds)


Yes, I've spoken to Father, and Sister, and it's good to know they're healthy. And it's lovely to see you, as well. Have you been happy at all, this last year?


Like chewing on pennies.


Stretching.


Yeah, you're covered in shit.


Yeah, I think it's 1d4. For the first one, that's seven. For the second one, that's five. Gambit style!


I think everybody does-- until they don't.


All right, anybody? Scanlan?


Wait, hold on, can I pause real quick? You don't need to do this if you want to make more ammo and other stuff. I can do this without you making this and spending the rest of the time, if you want to make other stuff. Option.


So open fields and roads. Shite. Okay.


Hey, thank you guys. Thanks for coming, for helping.


No thank you, I'm not-- I don't know. I-- (sighs) He's-- I don't feel it would be right to celebrate right now.


Me? Oh god. All right. I don't have anything I can do. I will click my Boots of Speed, making me faster, and then I will move. Full movement of 60 feet towards him-- or her. We don't know, do we?


I will spend a ki point to do Swim of the Wind.


I'm not sure. Bring it up very, very lightly.


Do we recognize it?


That's a very exciting thing. Oh, that's expensive. Seems like something you could hold.


You always want a little fore-pony before the pony.


You have-- ugh.


Like five.


It's perfect.


Sparkle fire.


Moral compass! I'm not--


(deep voice) Hey!


Boy, I always love sitting at the table with my dice and having a nice cozy wooden box to keep my dice in. Wyrmwood Gaming makes all kinds of wooden boxes to hold your dice in. We have them here, we have all kinds. There's these, there's these-- they hold dice!


Yeah, but we won't be when we go to fight him.


Jesus. I will continue my movement clockwise around the board.


Ah, damn it! I was hoping it would be on me!


Did you say "Yeza," Kiri?


Lillith, can I go play t-ball with his head?


Who's picking turtle-face?


The Wind Wall gets an attack of opportunity. (laughter)


I go and challenge Grog to a dart game.


What is the legend, at the heart of this tree?


We got to get on the road.


That's not D&D?


No! What?


The Hut of Wodenna, the Last Camp of Sorudun the Happy, and the theatre.


Would that work?


Sure, sure. And I pat your big stony face and give it a kiss and fly down the hall.


That's 11 points.


Not even for me?


Well, that's better. 24 total.


Oh, wait. Oh yes, I still have to sneak back there, don't I? I just go invisible.


All right, well, I'll just go then, I guess. Oh! Looks like I've got a thing! Well, I'll come back tomorrow and finish shopping here, and I will definitely not flee town today. (laughter)


How far away is it? Ish?


How many-- I'm not so hot on the numbers, either.


Thank you. Do we see room for a large group?


I have advantage on those. It's okay.


I sit down and hold her hand.


I really liked the candy thing, by the way.


I'm uncon-- No, I'll use my Relentless En-fucking-[slurred]


Both of them fucked you again.


Excuse me, good sir. My friend over here, the dragonborn. He seems to think that this is some sort of temple or edifice to the god Kord. I just want to know, is he correct?


Oh, that's nasty. 12 plus seven is 19 plus two, so 21. And they are flung up to 20 feet away from the elemental in a random direction and knocked prone.


You got that new magazine and you’ve been staring at it a long time.


Something about your eyes make me feel ashamed.


And we are owed money in Kraghammer.


All right, I'm-- Can I run over to where Trinket is? Okay. I'm going to Cure Wounds on him.


I'm sorry, but it's like The Odd Couple. (laughter)


Keg, do you know if these people would have a secret entrance into the basement, to the dungeon area? Tunnels?


(sighs) I do not do well with this.


Well, I have one question. This Lord Sutan? What's to keep the High-Richter and the Lawmaster from just going and snatching him up and putting him in chains?


Yeah that's-- yeah.


You take its physical--


Kima, when you do approach your king, propose because Orcus's horn is pure black evil, perhaps the side of light can help as well. The blessing of Sarenrae and other light sources, divine powers, could be helpful as well.


I don't know how we would get out of it once I was in there though, because I can only use it once but I suppose--


Where's it coming?


Something to remember you by.


Why do I have written down constitution? Well, I'm wrong.


She bounces back from death one time a day.


I wink at them as I walk inside.


We are. Very.


Terrible. Both were threes.


Cool (laughs). We in the single digits, kids. (all gasp)


As she walks away from us  You know, I'm obviously here for a purpose, but I like historical fiction as well, and I like when the two things are combined. Do you know what I mean?


But you can breathe it, so it's really not.


I really don't. I think we're here because I wasn't prepared.


That works, too.


I have an inspiration die. Ooh, I don't think I'll need it, though. 28.


She rolled a 27.


We all walk around going (raspberries).


Okay, let me sneak around and look. Right? We don't want to wake everyone because--


And an Evening Nip.


(squealing) Ooh, inside-the-group check! I love it!


Yes, that hits.


I must break you!


Clears that athlete's foot, though. Gone.


I will take you to White Castle, though.


I saw where Tiberius pulled the eye out, and that's what I'm aiming at, its eye socket. So I flip it in the air, and when I catch it, I immediately let go and fill in the blank.


That's so many 9th-levels, yo!


A 1d8 plus four.


I think that's where the good shit was. I think this was just to take people out.


Well, I was staring at the door, and all of a sudden, around a space, about three trees just disappeared.


Do you want to roshambo to see who keeps the shirt?


Did it seem like it was hard to hold our breath while we were doing all of that?


(whispering) To find your ship?


Just hits.


In a teleportation circle?


Not nearly enough to move tunnels of earth and rock.


No, I don't know.


I would grab Nott by the shoulder and pull us into the middle somehow.


So we're supposed to smelt the platinum, right? Melt it down. And then we use our magic beans to make the Prime Trammels.


