Best to be nameless, at this point.


This is their most sacred ceremony or something?


Yeah, I think that seems like something we're going to do.


Okay, well I'm going to hide.


But the following week I'll be here.


I would send one of two things. One is our little friend here, or--


Should I go kill him?


People asked if this will be on Video On Demand or if people miss it, how do they see it?


Yeah, we're on a clock.


I'm going to stand up, and I'm going to ignore him. I'm going to hold my attack until I see her. The second I see her, I'm going to attack. Then as a fucking bonus action, I'm going to drink my last potion. A regular.


No! I'm not complaining, but I would have sent the cat out.


But my hands are not.


Rolling them double ones.


Do you have a pen and paper I could borrow?


Where does he get such wonderful toys?


I'm going to keep an eye on where the little guy said the volcano was and try to make sure our drunk captain is taking us to the right place.


I did pocket some of the breakfast from this morning.


Grog, I got you an Amazon gift card. It's a forest called the Amazon. You can go there and get a gift.


Traveling salesmen?


Yeah. Do Allura and Gilmore and Kima and everyone, do they know what's going on? Have we sent word?


All right. Step back. Are there any alcoves or closets or chests around here or anything?


Tithe collectors?


Greetings, and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Tirex, located in the heart of Draconia. Born from a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the sorcerer's right, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges in the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps, of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learn of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse, and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands, in that respect. But it was exactly what I needed, so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that! (sputtering) I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy go lucky, and, well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn.


Anything useful?


That means he likes me! 20!


Well, sort of. Just you, but with gills.


You're getting damage because of that.


Oh no, I can already see that going poorly.


Well, I've got another attack. That was just one attack that I did.


I'm still holding your hand.


Well gee, when you put it like that.


Thank you. But yeah. There's a spinning ball of death, really. An orb that sucks things into it. It's black. It's underground. We don't know what to do with it really and I'm kind of worried, I guess, about it.


We're going down? Do you need me to check for traps?


This is the quietest you've ever been.


A rematch, I would think.


I throw Entangle up, in the distance wherever they're coming from.


Oh, Coralin. Do I look like a Coralin?


Well, I don't know what's gonna happen at the--


It's a strange, strange--


And that's what this is. Let me take it and do-- I'll use that arcana check on that.


Why haven't we always used this?


Yeah, no. I know. We're both empire kids, right? More so than the rest of the Nein?


He built our keep!


Oh, go. Yeah, you're leading the pack.


You all right with this?


Well, I'm very old. And if I could die fighting a dragon, well, there's no better way to go. If I don't die, great! Wonderful!


All right. Let's go be blindfolded.


Are you trying to learn magic? Is that a thing?


Okay, so 11 plus six is 27 points.


I'm unconscious, I think.


Oh shit. Natural one.


Inspiration dice are d8?


I think we're pretty much out.


None of this?


Are we getting any closer to the citadel?


I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, including the golem.


So here's the thing, though. You said he like hated you, and he didn't seem like he hated you at all!


Okay, 17 again.


Maybe it's Protto and that lackey.


Do we have all of the materials we need?


Oh good. Now I'm at 19. (Travis groans in relief) Hey.


But you will respect titled entry. Those of us who are court can converse with court.


Yeah. No Vestiges, no nothing.


What do you say?


And jump!


Come on Kiri.


Oh, really? We're very fortunate, then.


Five hit points, everyone.


Yes! Trinket! Isn't he adorable?


Tinker tools. This goes in here.


Well, I was thinking more along the lines of checking out Lord Sutan.


Next turn, you'll be dead.


We have one more question!


Yeah! Maybe she's also a badass!


It's glowing.


Holy shit, you're magic!


How far will my movement get me?


Okay. And please, don't mention anything about us being called the SHITs when we first got started.


And then I'm going to stick him in the face is what I'm going to do.


Everybody at the table is broken! (laughter)


So that's nine points of damage on the first.


Daggers out, hasted. Raven Queen armor, fuck y'all.


Okay, what does that mean?


I think maybe I should get it, I fought bravely in the last fight.


Kutha.


I'll look, too.


He's like this in the water.


We're sailors now.


Oh gods, suddenly I'm compelled to answer everything truthfully! Oh no, more of whatever you're drinking, I can't help, stop, ack!


Your money!


Oh, well that. That doesn't.


Can I give advantage if I go like this the whole time?


Bracheon89, you said Stephen King plays D&D?


What's the plan here, Percy?


I don't wanna do it right now, but I'm just throwing it out there--


That cute little bob.


Wait, did we end up playing it?


You know what I've done.


wE've killed dragons before.


Yeah. I go in.


Electrified sound effect.


Yay! Okay.


Does this seem like there's any traps that could be set off as we walk towards the--?


They're going to start putting up Winter Crest decorations in the stores. We have to start thinking about what we're going to get each other.


We're all grabbing our drinks and standing up.


He's going to get sticky.


Oh, I can do it.


Yeah, let's do that.


Vax looks at Gilmore and just shakes his head.


I'm not good at this shit. Oh, that's not bad! 14? That's it. 14. That's all I got. 14 is good for me.


I don't like water.


Ooh! Yes, it can.


She has inspiration from you too, right?


I mean, we have this boat.


Poor Ashley. Wherever she goes, it's body tattoos. (laughter)


I am a tinkerer.


Oh, that was a burp. I forgot we were filming. (laughs)


I'm going to change into another form of some sort.


I was going to ask if I was!


Shit. Well, that's loud. Hey buddy, try to stay quiet!


And we gave you something very powerful in exchange.


Oh, wait. Kiri is down here with us in the corner?


So you roll twice.


Oh, thanks, Scanlan.


One, 16 points of damage.


No, I'm not. Explain that to me.


Yeah! Okay. I'll go, but I can't see. The map is a pixelated mess of shit from my point of view. After Mollymauk cleared the way, is the thing on its own? Is it in a 40-foot cube of empty space, or are any of my allies in it?


Orly!


It's Puddin'.


And flanked is at advantage, yeah?


I'll be up front.


You're deviating though, from the brand, you know?


I don't speak Gloom!


Yeah, that is so silly, isn't it? Silly, yes it is.


It's already taken some hits.


Does it turn him into a zombie, or does it--


Domo arigato.


Yeah. My duplicate is going to jump up and down and start flailing her arms and then run down the alley around the building.


Ew, ugh!


That's so cool!


That's rare.


I'm also curious to know what he is doing down here in the first place.


Apparently this is the official tour hat of the house of Whitestone.


I'll stand and just pace around the quarters, looking at the various iconography of the serpent.


I pull the broom out from behind my back.


I'll unlock its secrets. Wear him down.


No, it says it's offline.


I want to listen, but I shouldn't listen.


Yeah, we'll see real fast.


That fit my piece?


Not so many.


We got one?


Oh, give me strength.


Well, I have a little thing, I just have to share this. Friend of the show, Kiki-- not our Kiki, the other Kiki who's made so many vestiges-- brought me a little something today. (laughing)


Right. It all comes down to one word, really. (clears throat) Family. Right, before I was a part of this group, I had no family. Pike took me in, I met all of you. And I had a purpose. So before that, I would be down to fuck anything up, anytime, no problem. I still kind of am. But I realized that if I fly off the handle too soon, it screws over my family. That's no good, because I care about you. Most of you. (laughter)


Move me in sight range of both of them. As a good sorcerer would be positioned.


15, for the last hit, too.


But that just gets us across one, right?


That was good, because I was going to let it go.


It's basically a taser.


We continue on. Don't pay too much attention to it. Find a place to post up.


And the other request was for you to explain how in the hell you made this, because this is amazing. They want a really quick run-down of what you did here.


Be cooler.


I'm not a crazy person, all right? A giant serpent from the Calamity?


I'm leaving it in the office, Fjord.


All right. How about you go--


For the first one, plus for the blazing bowstring I can turn any arrow into a flaming arrow, doing additional ten fire damage. I'll roll that right now, which is this. Which is a seven!


All of the male players are 40 feet back, and all the women are right in there.


I'm going to have Frumpkin jump into Nott's lap and do the (gnawing) on her fingers to keep her occupied.


You're kind of close to me.


Nope. Nope, nope. She put hers in the first temple. I have two. This might be numero dos, and then I'll keep the third.


Scout with the cat. Kitty scout.


So she gave you the option and then you came back and now you're what? Super? Super half-elf?


And just because I don't really care I'm going to take the negative-- the Sharpshooter plus damage negative to that. So.


So what did we learn from that?


(robotic) I will kill you all.


Cauliflower crotch, baby.


It's all empty, can we fill it please?


I actually understood it. How fucked-up is that?


Yes, I would love that. Thank you. How much do I owe you for it?


In front of her. Just a nice little (pssht) like 30 feet from where we are.


Oh no. We are so dumb.


The floor around this triangle shape, it's flush in the ground, right? There's no circle around the triangle platform?


You know, my tastes are very varied. I'm always looking for something new.


Our good old Zahra is already down there looking.


While they're talking, I'm working on my rod. Battleaxe!


Yeah. [break]


Like, suggest to someone that we were drinking with them all night, in case it's asked?


Okay, I'm going to go up on the altar. Was there a small something on the altar?


I have missed you guys. I've never met you! But I missed you guys.


There's velcro!


Can I use my bonus action to move my Hex to the laughing gnoll on the ground?


Walls brought down.


Can I jump off of the wall?


I mean, that's fine. I'd prefer a shitty ship if it's cheaper.


Remember, Nott, that next time you try and do this and if that letter goes missing again, I can do this to you again. I give her just enough of a knock on the head to break the spell.


Yeah, technically, but still!


11, 22, 32?


Yeah, like you do. But this time it worked out okay. And I pull out all the necklaces. These are from the dragons we've collected. They're dragon-tooth necklaces.


Ja, okay, that's easy. I sit down on the ground and send Frumpkin into the air.


The brightest and the darkest.


And then I go back against the tree. That is my turn.


(singing) I whip my falchion back and forth.


They were going to sell us.


Half left?!


No, I'm saying that with the d4, it wouldn't bring that attack down at all, would it, enough to be managed?


Damn it. Fine.


Yes, well...


Oh, I already picked it up.


I'm going to gently pat at the base of the wall.


Beautiful-- Even better.


I'm not sure.


I'm going to go whisper in their ear and give them a little pat.


400 meters and the entity lies at the bottom.


They're like little Buzz Lightyears!


And as the twins are walking I say, clearly, I'm eating shit here today. I guess I'm going to make a promise not to stray from your side.


Your breathing is more shallow than normal.


(haltingly) I give myself willingly to you for the bargain that was struck, although I question if the bargain was just the surface reason for this to happen.


Is it con as me or con as the dude?


You're not? You should be.


Do cannon-folk typically go on those trips, or do cannon-folk typically stay behind with the ship?


Once?


It's gone, it's gone!


Well, well, it's--


You already did water, I'm wondering if there's anything in the other one, or I might try fire.


So the blue thing is the magical door?


This is my profession. (laughter)


There's-- we have The Mighty Nein shirt. I don't know what else is there anymore.


Second one is a natural 20. Third one is a 30.


You are too kind to me.


Can I just reach (laughs) my cold bear hand into the fire and grab him and pull him out?


On the forehead?


One. Okay.


Don't let the jello fall apart.


But quick!


Do I have room to still get one more swat? Probably not.


Is what? Inert?


Is there a crowd around it?


Uncanny Dodge. Halve it.


Because I'm a healer. I'm a really good one.


Looking for interesting boxes. I don't want to spend more than five minutes down here, if possible.


And Trinket ate it, too!


Your money.


We do the hand-eye coordination thing.


Ah-ha!


We should probably kill the zombies because anybody that gets bitten by a zombie turns into another zombie!


Rung it.


Yeah, oh yeah!


Where am I supposed to sit?! Right here?


Wow. (all laugh)


Put him in the body bag!


Oh, come on, man. Why are you doing this to me? (laughter)


I think it's 29.


Yeah, right there. It's going to giant lollipop down and smack one of them in the face.


No no no, in through the tunnel.


Here you go. Thank you. Just in my little pack here.


Oh, that's our specialty.


The first and the second one missed.


They're 100 gold a month for five of them, and then 50 gold a month for the other two. That's Vex's memory.


Should have done damage. There's no damage on a push shot.


Oh, let me just see if I got it first!


I will use sleight of hand to conceal this from the group.


And nothing from the Detect Undead?


Sure, sure.


I'm going to do something I've never done before.


Let's try to stack ourselves into some sort of weird pyramid.


And hold my attack in case maybe she bamfs back.


She is charming.


Let's put a bunch of rocks in it! It's fine. They're not going to die.


Yeah, what the hell?


And there's these rocks here. We know there's some rocks. We knows that there's tons of ice.


Don't you get advantage because of your cloak?


You're good? You're still good?


Then I'm going to throw Whisper at it.


Okay, I click my Boots of Haste and I'm going to-- where's the thingie, do we have a thingie here?


You guys want me to tag along with you?


What's the rest of Avantika's crew doing? Are they in the scrap as well?


Flouncy.


(gasps) Bring it back.


I had a dream, I'm sorry. A vivid one. Just shook me to my core a little. I'll be fine, really. It's not a common thing.


(whispers) I can still get in.


You're all-- I've got him. You've got three lodestones.


Okay, I thought it had spread, because it's 40-foot, so I thought it was under Umbrasyl, but I could do something else--


Seven plus two. Nine.


But he likes it?


It's the best bars where you always forget the name, isn't it?


Do I see anything different 100, 150 feet up? Does the change in perspective on the room below reveal anything?


On my back, out of air, I go  That was awesome!


Let's head out.


So that's what all he rolled, and then since it's undead, it's an additional 2d6.


All right. When we get there.


I just didn't want to say the wrong thing this time.


(laughs) 14.


My spell attack bonus?


And I shout, oi, Kevdak! I have a message from the people of Westruun! And I moon him. (laughter)


I cast Protection from Acid on Grog, again.


Outstanding!


I think a Cure Wounds, a light Cure Wounds would probably help.


20. Total.


I fear we have to travel there.


Well, you've worn Clarota's thing before.


I would love to see Joss Whedon do this. I admit I would like to see Joss Whedon play D&D. That'd be interesting.


What is he? Who is he? What is he?


I can make us all look like fish.


I'm going to face away since I don't have the disguise spell and look really perturbed towards the prison.


Shale.


You got-- okay. Here comes. Oh, big eight.


But we're way in the back.


Yeah, me too!


How?! Is that even possible?


Pike runs over and casts Greater Restoration on Scanlan.


Well we can skip it.


Arislan and Alduin and JakeBoudreaux and Negihama and Duganator8 were all the ones that pitched in to buy dinner for you guys.


He's a white guy with white hair. I've got to work on this one. Next up, a guy who's near and dear to me. Here's Taryon Darrington. Little art tip here, guys: don't use blue pencil on blue paper because it tends not to show up. That's a free artist-to-artist tip for you guys.


I turn to fuck-nuts over there and I'll send a Fireball to kill the fucking gunner.


Although I might still have Travis Willingham as my flower girl. Doing the dust of tracelessness.


That's what I mean.


Oh, right, yeah.


We don't have those.


Can you see by the light of the magma?


That's mine.


I don't ever want to know who that person is.


No, I saw people running to the boat in danger and you lead off. Pandemonium on the ship and fire on the ship!


All right. We'll all be ready to attack on the outside.


I'm nursing a short rest.


No, don't do that, the dog will die.


Well?


Wait, what did you guys do with our cart?


You can be quiet.


(singing) Hello my baby, hello my darling, hello my ragtime gal...


Before port.


I do like bacon.


I'll hold it open if you guys go scout.


Oh! Oh! You know what, I still have Pass Without a Trace, because I never cast Hunter's Mark to break that concentration.


Why is it called Lodge of the Eclipse?


Yes. And down one dragon.


We could just make a tiny hole in the cave-in and become smoke and go inside. Is that not possible? He asked.


A triple violent-- why haven't you done that?


Someone asked how the party met in-game. That's a good question.


If you leave your alarm up here--


(laughs) Sorry! All right, I'll inspire him, I suppose.


Are we sober yet? Can we go find Kima?


The hole, is it triangular?


I cast Disguise Self and look like the High-Richter.


We're going to back out slowly, get out of this cavern. Does everyone want to meet me right-- once we can see the surface of the water?


Yeah, we could always run, too.


I catch her wrist. Just a second. You two do the thinking, all right? And I take a step into the room.


Let's go find the damn toad!


It's almost like a game of D&D.


Oh yeah. Bears are great at math.


Yeah, definitely.


Exactly, we can't get framed!


No, I know that. You're an old soul. I'm May 28th, and you're when?


I could have used the bottle rockets.


Garmelie. Go, Percy.


I could be one of them. I have an orb of destruction next to me that would seem like his.


I rub her head and give her a little blessing. Don't you worry. You keep hiding whenever you need it.


Bam, motherfuckers! Bam!


(crow sound) (laughter)


Just tossing it out there.


That was wonderful, Keyleth. Thank you.


His dangly bit.


He's within ten feet of me. He gets a plus four.


Is 15 hours of that therapy?


Yeah, well, we'll do better today, right?


No, I took all the gate stones.


Well I'm 28 now.


Yes, mommy!


I'm going to move. Can I move towards you a little bit?


Well, off we go! Oh, Jester! Don't forget! We're going to talk about the Captain later!


I'm going with the girls, because the circus kids won't talk to them without me.


And what hour is it?


For my third action, oh god, I'm going to run down a little bit. I'm going to try and get three of these guys in a line.


What is it? Does it taste good? I'm not opposed to such things. I have a fine palate.


Could be good bait later.


I think we have everything we need here.


I don't know if they have any left but they might.


Is that a spell? Do I recognize that as a spell being cast?


We have a map to the elevator.


Is it? Oh, it is! Ooh, this is exciting! I've never had magic before.


She'd know.


Natural 20! (all cheer)


Morning. We're The Mighty Nein. We had the pleasure of meeting your daughter yesterday. She showed us a great time last night.


No, I was just curious if the magic would follow through, apparently not, or whatever is in there is not real. I don't know.


It's bright behind us, not in front of us so much.


You'd be amazing.


(laughs) Lucky bastard.


I'm not good at this shit.


Yeah, that's my max.


I need fresh air. I'm done.


With inspiration. That is-- wait, hold on.


The t-shirt exists.


No, not even close. But she is! She's looking a little torn up.


You have cherry bombs? The fuck those come from?!


You defend your mom.


2d6 radiant damage. DC 15 wisdom save.


Oh, no. What's going on with Grog?


4d6 times two?


I'll go get him!


What?! This is intricate.


We are going to find somebody, spur of the moment, tell them to come with us out to the woods? To do a bit of dark business?


19 for me.


Man, it was really light actually, I don't--


Oh. What about --


Oh, sorry, here's your thumb back. I just want the bolt.


All right. I'm walking in a direction.


Of course I have a library! It's in my personal chambers where I do all of my studying.


Turn your shoulders.


Just a quick request  she is made of stone. Holding Lady Kima.


What I'm going to do is turn to Trinket really quick and say, guard this dead thing, and then I'm going to use my movement and dash action, if necessary, to sprint around and flank that troll between me and Grog.


I'm going to run up where Fjord disappeared.


It should be Vax.


It's just saves against magic for those three things.


That's a natural one. (cheering)


Why are we making plans for it? I mean, I'm so excited about it.


I think I've got a shot.


Three guards, two hired hands, and were there two more regular individuals?


Oh, days have gone by, right?


And that's something that would've come out of this portal. Right, Clarota?


What kind of a spell?


That was fucking awesome. [cheering]


I would like to advance as far as I can get towards the treant.


I'm going to use Mask of Many Faces to make myself look old.


That's no fun.


Yeah. so. That’s right.


He had so many things wrong.


It's D&D Beyond. I don't know.


(deadpan) Grog, stop, no, don't kill him.


As an honorary member of The Mighty Nein, just do us a favor and make sure you tell your story far and wide, yeah?


Okay, that's right. Both the same. 12.


Pretty sure it's aluminum.


Okay. Bye!


No! Wow!


Can I look around? Does it seem like it's right there?


Motherfucking door.


Well, I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia.


Okay. (grunts) As I look around, see all my friends, blind and running around insane, I'm going to go (yells) and fly across the field, and come down with a big radiant strike, and try and invoke in the back of my head, (singing) Hallelujah! And (grunts).


Vex. Vex. He needs you here, now. I need you here. We're not done. This is not over yet. We are in trouble. We need to find a city. The two of you, I need both of you here.


We were looking at that, we couldn't make heads or tails of it. You ever seen that before?


Do you want the half of a geode rock with 30 living souls inside of it?


(singing) She's got a hungry eye and with a lantern light. Dashilla, the cursed woman, treasures in her eyes.


Restrained, it's the restrained condition.


Yeah, she's inside.


We can look in a few more minutes.


(laughs) Mollymauk's pretty unique and different. It's a good name.


So I will spend an extra reaction, then, to catch the other one.


Only cool things here. Only cool things.


Is it 130 gold? Or is it silver that I have?


Can I make an intelligence check to see if I know anything about these creatures?


Trinket sits down next to him and stares, but I'll turn around.


Aren't y'all pretty? I look. In the space in between them, I see this ripple start to form, and I reach out with my hand, and I'll grasp at the space and tear a rip in reality, and I'll cast Hunger of Hadar, ripping this 20-foot dome on the ground.


I throw Nott overboard. Full sail!


They're friendly, they roll initiative--


Following up on Fjord's question, or Travis' question, the muscle that we see around us, does it look like it's-- are we in Deadwood, or is there a strong police force of sorts that is making sure that shit is not going down constantly?


No, like, we're in a bunker, right?


Can we batter into it, or can we just fly straight through?


All of us? Or just you?


So I'm at 25 now.


Let's split up.


My name is Lord Grog.


And cold.


Good day. Back to the tavern.


Rushing outside with them.


Oh, never mind!


So you teleport first. I'll shoot the arrow, see if I can actually get it to stick over there, and then you can do the...


It might be high, dude. You might have to roll a 30.


I'm sweating. Okay, that's two plus seven is nine. That's nine, that's just that part. Six. Seven. Nine. 14. And 19. Which is, what's doubled, the Sneak Attack damage?


I didn't. Actually, I happened to ask Pumat Sols, the plural, and he happens to be like an annex shop of the Cerberus Assembly.


Well, let's think about this.


Yeah, that I'm really good company, basically.


Yeah, but that's really big.


Beetle damage!


That was one of the names of the other courtesans at the place my mom--


Good on you. So if the Raven Queen escorts souls-- If you're an absolute, terrible shit of a person and the Raven Queen escorts you over to the other side, we're going to be wandering amongst the souls of the damned? People who die go to where we're going?


Are we living in there?!


Tibs. I pull off and hand him my Cloak of Elvenkind, which is one of the reasons I'm so hard to see. Maybe we could just use that as a shroud for it, just for tonight. I'll pass it to Tibs.


Matt is a gentle god.


Wearing a girdle. (laughter)


I'll make my body all strong.


Can I see this?


So you guys are stealthing up first?


No! It just says it's hungry.


I'll sneak another shot at the bear.


Yeah. And they look really cool.


I heard there's a disturbance over here. I need some assistance, please.


Frumpkin is scarfing it on my shoulders.


Hey Caleb!


I don't know where you hide them normally.


I'll go help her out.


I think we want to head down. Down is the way to go.


Okay. So when I delivered everything, I just sang him a little song to inspire him. And I sang,


Can I use Cutting Words to buff my roll?


I'm talking like a pinch here.


Anyone else getting a bad feeling about that?


Yeah, but it only makes a hole its size. It's two feet across.


I think there's something burrowing. Or an earthquake.


Which was that way, right?


How do I feel?


That was me at 16 with every cop ever; that was great. This is the tiniest hill, and I will die on it. Never ended that well.


I have the card, but it doesn't say the cost. Ooh, it does, 1,350! Fuck! Oh shit.


My friend-- I take him by the hands and say, You have given us a great welcome into this city.


I brought out a few-- but look, I'm the barrel person.


Is the kraken an animal?


Very soft.


The DM has creature statistics.


Ogres?!


We have been wanting to buy a bar.


I'd already laid claim on your boots. I'd come to grips with everything, and I'd decided I was going to wear them.


Okay, but I don't know exactly how these work, but I have a strong suspicion that these things can start moving and try to cut us up. Both these suits of armor and that weapon.


8d6, give me those sixes.


Get your maps off the table, Tyriok.


I-- were you going to keep going?


Five miles.


I don't know. Yes, I believe it's a wisdom--


Sorry. Again, I'm not great with people.


Okay. I'm right next to Trinket, right?


And I'm hoping there's no door.


Do I get to pick where? Okay. I reach around to the back of his knee and I pull along there.


Yeah, no. I'll stay.


One misses?


Fuck it. I rage.


We've got hours and hours before we have to do anything.


Honestly, it's been so long since I've been around anybody, I genuinely wouldn't have been able to tell.


They'll take you over and then we'll fight you.


Is there a door or something?


I understand, but just so we don't accidentally go there, where is it in relation to this tree? Is it on the way?


Wait, so you want to travel with me?


All it ever has been.


Nott just collapsed on the floor, paralyzed.


Skidmark.


You can't attack her? You can't--


Drag the last of all the bottles out this time.


And the second one! Oh shit. That's 15, plus another five points of necrotic damage for 20.


Keyleth, you know where to go. I have to run. And I click the Boots of Haste and I start bolting towards the mansion.


You're sure you're just a tenth?


Water on water violence.


He even rolled pretty good.


Shit, four's an archer.


All right, we're dialing. Oh my goodness! [cheering]


I wish I could say this isn't true, but it's actually true. He is genuine.


Interesting.


We are the warden right now.


Okay, everything's fine now.


Okay. 17.


All the time. All the time.


I take the whip back. (laughter)


There's a card on it.


I know that's a big deal, that whole mission completing thing.


I'm having a real hard time roleplaying right now.


That's German for happy birthday, darling.


A happy ranch hand in the--


I'm going to salt it and hang it out to dry.


And that's... 14 points of damage.


Oh fuck, shit.


Okay, well, we're fine. I can make the door from 300 feet away. So we're fine. So I can make the door right now before we do anything.


Ooh! What's her modifier though?


I was wrong to doubt you!


Can we make him weightless and then tug him along with the rope? We can't do that?


And if I move away from him he'll hit me?


I was married once. It lasted, like, an hour.


Oh! As I'm flying, I turn around with my ring and I cast Slow on the boulder.


I'm going to throw a little rock as hard as I can towards it.


We're here. (laughter)


Do I look like a goblin?


I know that you thought that I was an adventurer.


Think about her and that place very, very hard.


Which I'm totally going to go get.


Ring of the Ram, that's been a while.


Fucking punch him in the face!


Oh god, I don't want to die.


We've got the ashari, and we've got a demon.


All right, next time I pull you out in the light it will probably be to kill Vecna or someone that I don't like.


All right, bring it. Bring it.


They're very small.


Oh, Sam.


I'm going to forget by next week. Is Scanlan walking toward him, or had Scanlan gotten right next to him?


Wow. This didn't go well.


So we definitely can't fight that thing.


You should make your way to the Menagerie Coast. I think you guys would have a lot of success in Nicodranas.


I don't think she would, actually.


At a medium pace.


Yeah, we're totally going to go back. We're going to return a lot of this gold to Whiterun. Westruun. All the towns.


Oh, you dived out of the way?


What if we have an audition for Tary Jumbo?


There's a window, there's nothing in front of it, you want to come in the window?


There's no guarantees you'll be able to get in anywhere.


Okay, drop it, drop it like it's hot.


Hey, Percy! How's the weather up there?


(gasps) It's a celebration!


I have a Potion of Fire Breath.


I'll take both, if you've got it.


Perhaps a small ice egg.


That's some Name of the Rose shit right there.


We were hoping to distract them.


How much comes in a pack?


I just start running. I just start running.


Was Craven Edge the sword?


16, five, 21, 27.


Well, that wasn't good at all!


You think now? All right, is anyone watching?


Fjord, maybe we should come clean and form an actual partnership with this person. If we keep lying to her, we're going to lose.


All of them at the same time?


I felt that honesty was important at that moment.


Damn it. I put it away.


That's my maximum damage with a single unaffected shot.


I'm having the best time of my life.


Brava!


That was an 18. Yeah, 18. It's plus seven.


What if lots of people are dying and you might be at risk as well?


Wait, no! I thought he'll be back by then. No?


Might I make a few more requests? When last we spoke, we spoke in vague terms. There was some cash talked about, and also a place for my family to make a little bit of money or food. There's a farmhouse nearby our main estate. It's nothing special, a few acres of land. I would love to keep that as well so that we can have a source of food for the winters.


She's really shy, though, and I hear she only talks to tieflings, so you should probably send--


No, no. I asked you to spell it out on a piece of parchment.


Oi, friend.


It's a 15 for me.


Is it me and Chad?


No, we can make it fly again.


Anybody I don't like within 15 feet is currently getting ransacked by tiny fairies.


(whispers) Your pants, they're sagging a little bit, why?


Are you taking it off of your pot now?


You guys ready to go home?


(sighs) Well, I guess I'll have to live with that. I open fire.


Oh, if only I had any.


You were in pain. Are you all right? Are you all right?


First opportunity.


I saw a really amazing Vex today. I'm just saying, I may be biased.


Are we close to the faces at all, still?


Could I? MARISHA Couldn't hurt the rest of us, either!


And a 14.


Thank you for clarifying?! (laughter)


Thanks Gil.


That's good. And he's a magic? Yeah, that will do. I'll just take a good old-fashioned Sharpshooter shot. So that's-- that's not as good. That's 18 to hit?


I love you guys.


The little girl that was asking for money.


First one misses. Second one is-- oh wait, the first was a 17, is that--


To this exact spot?


Yeah, this could be bad.


I've even got a codeword for it!


Is that my action? Okay, I'm going to spend a ki point, and as my bonus action take Patient Defense.


All right. I'm going to cast Protection from Poison on Beau.


Did we talk about the shirts?


Okay. That's good. 25 hits. 19. That's it? I don't get any sneak attack? Nothing?


Like that-- I know that would be an insult-- but what would not be an-- How many kids are here?


The King's Hall?


I'm going to go ahead and cast Beast Sense on one of the bats.


The hell you did.


Please. And tell everyone #feelthegern. They'll know what it means.


Is someone controlling it?


That'd be bad.


26 and 22.


All right. Then I will cast Spirit Guardians into the circle.


Also unique fun fact  Ashley is playing the character she played in the Avengers movie, so her Lego figure looks like her.


Oh yes, we're very holy.


Can we just try to travel amongst the trees?


I'm using Divine Sense right now to see if anything is not completely--


I'm going to back up a little bit.


I've seen it many times.


Will you let them go?


It's east.


Look at that, he slipped right into Mercer there.


I pat Trinket's butt. It's okay.


I'm heading the opposite direction of that fucking nightmare monstrosity.


Uselessly.


What, you're going to pledge your fealty to the fucking--


Up and out to it. Up the volcano, up the water--


And I will make you Pass Without a Trace.


Can I walk over to Percy? Are you still over by yourself?


Do you even have dark vision?


I leave the room and actually run downstairs and ask the front desk if they have another room.


Lord Robert something something.


Or wait, are you sure it wasn't the blue dragon that we harvested?


And I release Trinket.


Yeah. And you tell me if it's surprise, I don't know, but I'm going before Fish Guy up on the dais. I can't make it work over these walls. I'm going to chuck three daggers at Fish Guy up here on the dais. Through the window.


It might actually help you just a little bit.


I think that if he did come back, I would be very worried about who he was. I'm feeling betrayed, and I can't help but think of all of our adventures of the last few weeks, he would have been oddly useful for so many of them. He would have been such a-- Hm.


I leave a note for Allura, and tell her we've headed to Whitestone, as well.


What a silly thing to forget.


I'm going to be busy. Can you cast the--


Yes, on three. One. Two. Three! Okay, you're throwing it.


She's playing with her giant trash bag of dice.


Is that-- remind me again-- north of here? Northwest?


So, you've taken on the title yourself.


You said six inches in diameter?


Well, I tell you what. We don't know what to do, so why don't Vex and I and Scanlan go for a little ride and check out the tip of this island?


It's brand new.


You want to dolphin ride my back?


Your reading and your writing and your arithmetic.


Whatever it is, it's really cool.


Yes. Anyway, it's good to see you. Your room is coming along quite nicely. It seems like you're running the show now, is that true?


Of course I would, thank you.


And I'm gonna heal Keyleth.


He was telling us about blacksmiths before. There's the Spark Hammer Smith. We could go to the Spark Hammer Smith in the Pentamarket.


Are there any paths in front of us, or is it just trees and intermittent terrain?


Don't even fly close to the tree. I have really bad feelings about this.


Sure. You want me to get a look?


So much fun. You should wear a pot on your head all the time.


No, let's just pick his for this.


Am I in melee distance?


Squirrels are great.


I think I get a bite attack on first appearance.


Hot. I say about myself.


You said they split off? They split away from each other?


Can we-- definitely want to go, let's stop by the Alcove.


Still keeping an eye on the dark figure.


I like how you guys have different-colored lightsabers.


He will, but you get, you'll get a few licks in.


And gets eaten.


We'll give you instructions.


Trecorum satis dee.


Fjord, you seem even weaker than you were before, pulling me along. This is weird.


Never say no to gold.


Save. I've only failed one.


(singing) You’ll be swell.


Is her symbol attuned?


If you die, I'm going to be really upset.


So I'm going to knock on Pike's door. (knocking sound)


Maybe his woobie, you know--?


A religion check? 18.


Yeah, no, I wanna be-- I wanna put Tary between me and the big robot.


Oh because it's in a different language. Oh, yeah.


D&D!


No, don't touch that!


Oh. Sorry, right. We've done business before. I would like to commission you. And as I'm doing this I'm taking out five of my daggers that I have, and I'm going to hand them to her. I would like to commission you to somehow craft these daggers into a type of bended glaive, if you would. I don't know how long it would take you to do so.


We need to go by there regardless. We need to stop by Westruun.


Another dead end.


Yes, I am. Fuck that.


Then that is 11.


So-- no, no, no, wait-- I rolled two ones on my d4s.


Succeeded? Yeah! We're already great!


It takes a while for me to do that.


Seven, eight, nine-- I need one more.


Okay, that'll do.


I tip my hat to her and say, yes ma'am. It seems that tonight, you are. All right, I kick her 100 gold.


Must've been a cool fight.


Yeah, I think Thordak's a fucking meathead and we should take care of Raishan ahead of time.


Is that cool?


All right, yep.


I take my potion of fire resistance.


Sonar.


Yes. "Who was a student about 11 years ago at your academy. She has inherited a bit of money from a distant relative: her uncle, Leonard Highfin. He's from--"


And also, if they had skills, each of them had a separate skill?


It could also be a camp.


Okay, cool. I can't do that again, can I? All right, then I'm just gonna shoot him through the flaming bow.


Never mind, we were just talking about this letter, but don't show Avantika. We can use it to copy her handwriting and write a check.


Mess with the bull, get the horns.


A new strength check, right? 19.


(gasps) I hear the ocean.


Okay, great, that long-haired guard individual.


Great success. Went off without a hitch.


Yeah, I'm wondering if you just wagered the party's funds. On a very calculated risk.


Is it really funny, or is it (singing) All around me are familiar faces. I'll put that one in for you on my playlist.


You three?


Okay, great. Well, let's have a delicious dinner.


Giants, yes.


Can I tell from looking at the cart if there's anything off about it?


That's the spell--


(ricochet noise)


This is the best.


Do you know, Percival, how to go under?


See any of that written around these walls, or something that looks similar to it?


Just accept it.


Yeah, I stand.


I want to talk about a plan, because our desires are in lockstep up to a point. Once we have gotten rid of the last of them, I want to know what happens then, Percival.


Did you also do the thing where the first hit of every--


Of Vasselheim? Or of--?


Pathfinder!


Wait a minute, but didn't you guys steal some money from me?


Oh, yes, yes, here.


Okay, well can I get to one more box?


Thank you. Oh, that definitely hits. That's 28.


I'm just going to keep breaking-- I'm just going to keep breaking hinges until it swings.


Jesus, that was hot.


Are there a bunch of trees?


Not great, 11.


I want to point out, this is entirely your doing.


Weekend at Bernie's walking. Looking around at nothing.


Bangarang! (laughter)


I'm going to move to where I'm not in a line with these people. I'm going to hop over as far as I can that way.


We've gotta stop it, we've gotta stop it.


Yes. Shouldn't she inform Vorugal that the monster is coming?


Was it a lot of water?


In my burrowing speed, right?


Possibly. Is it a card game?


Drink cozy sort of a thing.


How old is your boy?


I'm staying for a little while. I have to find Doty.


It takes these-- and I pull out a musket ball-- and it fires them at great speed. In whatever direction I like.


I think I'm going to join in really quickly. Is everything all right? You guys need anything? I've been sober all evening so I'm happy to help.


No! This is really good! This is good, because with the Immovable Rod--


Yeah, they don't take prisoners, they don't take prisoners. Why isn't she fucking dead? Or undead?


Oh no, oh, I had to roll to hit. I'm sorry, I was rolling damage.


We do need help.


Just roll it up and burn it.


Wow. That's not an item on DnD Beyond.


Try a lumbar. Maybe a different result.


No! We should use the sticks to blow up narrow passage way so they can't get out!


40 feet out, yeah.


I think we keep going down. Just stick with it.


Oh no. Dominate goliath.


He seems totally normal to me. Seems like every day. Yep, that's pretty much basic him.


Pull it out.


Through the sky.


Well, I'm assuming, if she's got the eyeball on her hand, she has an orb inside of her, Fjord?


Merfolk?


Okay. Nope.


Versus both.


Yeah. I can try! I'll put my hand out. I'll try to cast Cure Wounds. I got shit. I got nothing. It's not happening.


Oh. Okay. Let's, yes.


So Tary did this?


Oh, you did not go to that guy, the guy who-- oh no.


Everywhere, on every panel.


Acid melts whitestone?


If only there were a way to just speed up this exposition somehow.


For him to carry me.


He needs to roll a constitution saving throw.


I know where they are, but the situation was fluid, and it was fast-moving. And we acted on our best instincts and our best judgment, and mistakes were made.


Should we just light it up, see what's in there?


Yeah, in the Victory Pit!


(whispering) That looks like somebody who's going to pick up some jewels.


I can already dex my way around.


No, the central--


Well, we'll wait for Vax to get back.


I think they'll get out when the house catches on fire.


Did he write something down?


What are three more?


Oh, got it.


If Yasha has to move the ship, she might as well abandon it. There's nothing she can do! She's not going to outrun a naval vessel!


Yeah. We are friends with Wyrmwood Gaming, and you can still use the code CritRole to get free shipping on an order for your wood. Its beautiful wood. I have some black wood, but there's many different colors.


I like it. As soon as other crownsguard arrive with Norda and the rest of whoever you bring to the scene, maybe I can go with you and help return Toya.


I can inspire myself, I suppose.


No, no, no, Scanlan.


Who is the last bullet for?


I want to know about these evening nipples-- evening nip.


No, but seriously, though, the money situation though, like, really, you are paying--


What-- that-- I don't know.


The stairs, from where we entered?


That sounds--


We're that far back? All right, so it takes my whole movement just to run to the edge probably, yeah?


That is a-- That's fine. That's a 26.


We don't know what that was! Well, maybe you do, but I don't know.


We make our way back to the temples. Is the bustle the same outside of the temple?


They hung a bunch of fabric up and lit some candles?


If just do a hit and run, we can cause so much chaos that all of these gloomstalkers are going to be busy dealing with everything in the air.


(gasps) I got it. I've got it!


No, those are tens.


Okay. That's a dagger into its butt. Three. And there's no non-magical effect on me at the moment, right? 'Cause I'm out of his vision? So that's a nine?


I would like it.


Oh, Voxanukkah!


On our way out, do I see my bolt anywhere?


That's the end of my turn.


I can't see him, you can't see him.


There's a petrified crocodile. What else did you see while we were in this magical place?


Well, I actually was going to ask you the same thing!


Yeah, yeah! Tie that there!


Did you guys wake us up because of the storm, I'm assuming?


Yeah yeah yeah, then as soon as he wakes up--


Yeah, a couple single people? To bring up the rear?


Well, that's not as good. (laughter)


I think you've said enough. (laughter)


Oh, then I would recommend not. I would recommend white clothing.


He's looking a little shaggy.


That's good. That was better!


I mean, just be on alert. They could be burning anything.


I was saying it, I said I'm checking all around the fucking chest, that's what I said!


It's a good wand. It's a good stick.


I whip her up a little herbal tonic. Here. Drink this.


Did we get another job offer?


Can I turn to him and blow fire out of my nostrils?


Yeah, I'm burning my action as a dash.


Meh. Six.


I have had this roommate.


Oh, Vax is okay. That was Liam just now. (laughter)


Not since we got here, no, but recently.


It's 13.


There's so much thinking when Lorenzo's turn comes up and it's very scary.


And the remains of your family, were they killed by the sword?


I'm unconscious.


I figured.


Is her AC down?


Year and a half.


Just refresh, and if you want them, they should be there.


Yeah, he's just trolling us!


Because that's all really anyone sleeps anyway.


That's your max?!


Okay, so I know there's shit going on down there, but I can't really see what. So I would probably just Dimension Door into the tinkering room, because that's where I assume Percy is. And then I see what's going on, and nobody's there. Do I have line-of-sight on anybody?


Oh. That's stupid.


Oh, yeah, if you have that spell going, you can do other things in case things attack us?


Yeah no, that's only a nine.


That doesn't give you a bonus, it just keeps Vecna from seeing you.


I'll look up and point above the stern of the ship where Vera is, and my eyes will roll back and I'll say: (deep voice) Barlgura, and I will Summon Greater Demon.


I broke through the wall. I can't reach. I'm too fucking-- It's fine; I got it.


Oh, that's actually really good. I'm going to take a minute. I don't know what kind of creature it is, though. I don't know if I can use my Primeval Awareness.


So you're saying go in with the plan of killing them and then switch it up if need be?


Well, you're giving me the orb, since you have the orb.


No, in a moment. Please. And perception check the room from here.


What was yours, Taliesin?


I could create-- Oh, were you going to say something?


What do they do Grog? What do they do?


Oh, I thought this was a library!


We should not let them do that.


Horses are our new door!


I'm feeling a lot less guilty, suddenly.


Yep, and three silver.


They offered you money to join in.


(high-pitched Cockney accent) Oh! You're finally awake, I see. Oh yeah, motherfuckers. It's on. You were out for quite some time, there. Rough day, eh?


I do. And it doubles my speed, right?


(yelling) Yeah!


Yeah, but Grog, we glued it on. We Dorked with it.


I try to balance it as much as I can.


Are you?


Thank you. We'll continue to the right.


It's a water bong?


Yeah, he was holding his light up really bright and seeing if he could find any words and stuff. I think they might notice some light.


That's not a bad idea at all.


I want to move close to Grog.


Investigation? 18?


Sounds like bubbles popping.


No, we are sorry. We tried our best, but it wasn't good enough.


Caleb! We're friends, don't say it like that. Don't say we're friends, like a question. It's downward, we're friends.


This is why I'm the smart one.


Percival Sanchez Vicario--


All right, well, I turn back to the group.


I walk back inside of the mansion.


Did I die?


Get!


It does! Shut up, Travis. Natural 20!


Said Liam.


It's so fashionable.


I heal 13 points.


Arcana check?


Especially one if it's furry and you can pet it.


Well, he's strung us along on several battles to get all of our juice out.


So this is sneak attack damage on the book. Okay. So that's two plus eight is ten.


What's your name? (groaning)


Grog has both.


How long has it been since the pit fiend moment?


I fly back down.


Really quick announcement that I forgot to put on the document. Hey, guys. We are still in sub-only chat tonight, but we will be doing a giveaway at the half if we reach the sub goal, which is every 100, and I think we're 93 away from the next one. So if we hit 11,500 before the half, there will be a giveaway, and we will open that up to everyone watching, not just subscribers only. So anyone watching, don't fret. You still have a chance to win stuff.


There was a bunch of weapons and armor.


That's fair. That's a very fair point.


That's a little bit of something.


Man, Matt knows us really well. We walk into every fucking everything.


That's long. It should be in the chat room.


So how much movement does it take to--


So, we switch back to Little Elf Boy, Little Elf Girl, Antlers, Greg.


I'm going to, Jesus Christ, okay! I can't really use my gun because I'm too close. I'm going to pull out my sword and take two more slashes and I'm going to run like a mother.


Do you want a teammate to go with you?


Okay. So this guy is by the door, yeah? Or by the window?


Ten feet of reach, probably.


I'm cool. I'll vote for a temple party.


Oh, away from us?


Which gives everyone a plus 10.


Look over here. Holy shit.


'Til Grog's


In theory, it has to be laid down underneath all the treasure so that it just is nothing, and then we put everything on top, and then basically it's set, and then pins get pulled so that it's set. And you don't disturb shit again.


600, okay.


They were a nasty bunch. Lorenzo was not what he seemed.


What works on Feeblemind?


(whispers) Maybe we should talk to Nostoc first.


We saw her face.


With my medicine stuff, would I know anything that would help get rid of bugs and stuff? That would keep bugs away from me?


Come on in the temple.


It's just a pound of earth, right? I don't hear anything, or see any fur or claws?


Do we want to split up?


Where's the gauntlet, can we see the gauntlet on the battlefield?


Very impressive.


Where's Nugget?


Grog's unconscious?


Let your eyes adjust to the room.


I haven't.


You can't blame the mother!


I feel like I just went. All right. We're trying to kill our friends, right?


Broom and carpet? Broom and carpet.


You think you could do that, like I wouldn't notice you sneaking up?


All right. I'll go with you and-- who else is going? Are you stealthy?


Sorry, excuse me, Grog, pardon. I will shoot a firebolt at the butthole across the way.


We are very appreciative and I don't know if you have already, but you should look into some sort of membership card or frequent customer points.


It's a great read, trust me.


I've seen enough.


What distance am I right now, would you say?


Very uncomfortable for everyone involved.


Oh, yay, that's not that bad. Investigation? I never use that. 11. No, 12. 12.


We are. We want you to find someone.


You're stealing beer?!


Yes, of course! You'll come with me? Because I can't talk to the mob by myself.


Ja, what is there to see?


Where's the gland located? Would I know that, like, in his throat?


Can you do that up in the crow's nest, please?


I got scared of the skeleton so I came over here.


Yeah, right.


Okay. That's okay. Well, they're in the space right now. I'm panicking, so this is going to be fun. I'm going to start making a weird, awful sound, and I'm going to start getting even paler and a little gaunter, and I'm going to grab it and I'm going to cast-- I'm so panicked-- Vampiric Touch.


I have shards of shiny pottery, silverware from the fish people. Human jerky, a dead rat--


That was my first shot. And that's 25.


Is he still standing? Is he bent over?


Up away.


It is now your house.


Is there a door on the roof? How would there be a stupid door on the roof?


And it's for Nostoc.


I mean, I weight 645 pounds, so a lot.


Aw shit.


(silly voice) Hey, you got your chocolate in my peanut butter!


We thought natural causes might, you know.


Ah, it's very good.


She might be with us right now.


He doesn't like the other wizards.


You're also three?


We should mention, you may have to have one of the rooms repaired.


I am many things.


Or two... three.


We'll just hang out, yeah?


Yes. Can I ask a question?


Yes, could we do that? Is this considered a short rest?


You clear diseases.


Vex, Vax, Vax, Vex, Vex, and Vax!


My name is Vax.


I step one foot behind Cassandra Number Two.


Trinket, get some vegetables in your diet.


Two teeth, busted eye.


Well, he just described what it looked like.


In Yenk-adjacent?


I disagree.


And his queen, Durarara.


Elements.


(radio DJ voice) Don't forget to subscribe to Geek and Sundry, so you can see archives of the show and many others! I don't even know--


Would you like me to go with you, Grog, as your manager?


No, there is two little oozes and a big one.


Yes, very nice to meet you all.


Well, we'll say we're covered though, yeah.


Aw, yes!


I can't-- huh?


Jell-o!


At least you got an apology when you rolled shit.


(laughs) Also 19 points of damage.


Oh, my intelligence is six.


How do we-- (lowers voice) How do we fix it?


What would that really-- If I were to drink that right now, what do you think that would do to me?


Are we still clouds, though?


I think the storm's going to wake you up soon enough.


Just going around him. Kitty-corner.


Oh, okay, yeah, that. Blah.


She's also a delightful knucklehead, so BAFTA aside.


"Darling, take the mask off," and I--


(groaning) Oh fuck.


And throw a couple of shurikens?


She's a coat designer.


Yeah, maybe stay for the night before moving on?


20 on the first roll.


What is a melee attack here?


Halved to three for me.


And we're heading inward, right?


"It's looking hurt."


No! I don't mind going in front, mainly because I have no fucking range.


Before I'm done I'm going to inspire Grog and say: Grog, remember. They never forget! (laughter)


This happened when we were doing sword tricks. We were discussing whether or not I could actually use a sword. And what that would be like. Because we were having the conversation about whether you should take strength with the sword. I've obviously been using it as a dex-based sword, but-- I don't remember if that was specifically for me, or--


I know that. I'm not going to go lie down on the floor. I just thought I'd call dibs.


Quick timeout.


That was 38.


I'll tell you.


Can you talk through your poop?


Is it just a straight 1d6 plus nothing?


Or who would know more than him?


You're being very prudent.


Nott, do you want mine? Just in case, if you want to join?


I am quite famous.


Silver Falls!


Oh my gosh, do they shimmer, though, do look sparkly on your body, do they look shiny?


Calm down there.


Let's re-lock it.


Wow, that was so inspiring.


Get a rope. So I thought I would write Backblaze a New York-style Broadway advertisement to celebrate! Hit it, boys! (vaudeville music) Dateline, the Big Apple. 42nd Street is buzzing with the latest smash Broadway sensation: Backblaze! The dazzling new musical the Times calls: "Aces! Keen! The best cloud-based backup storage musical since Cats!" Theater critic Yav Brantley raves: "All my data, movies, music, and character sheets were copied to a secure location. And that was just act one!" Dames and fellas alike are shaking a leg to Backblaze on Broadway! With music by Andrew Lloyd Website and Cameron Mac-or-PC, the spectacle features glitzy stars like Data Rivera, Computer Streisand, and the young starlet Angela Lansbury. Backblaze will get your toes tapping with songs like "Some Enchanted Upload," "I Could Have Backed Up All Night," and "I've Grown Accustomed to Her Encryption." Plus, Blaza Minnelli and her tap dancing hard drives! Punky Winkerbean of the New York Daily News hails, "I've never seen a closing number where the lead character re-installs an operating system from a backup disc he received via the mail! I smell Tony!" The best part? Tickets are just $5 a month! That's a five-spot with no gimmicks, add-ons, or gotchas. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole to start a free trial, and let them know Crit Role sent you! Curtain up! Light the lights! Run, don't walk to Backblaze on Broadway! (applause)


Wow. That went dark.


I need some fresh halibut right now!


I'm going to drop this thing, and we're all going to fucking kill her together.


Oh, oi, oi, I was just-- I'm enthralled by these potions, they're fantastic, and I'm enthralled and so happy that we met you again and all that. I totally remembered who you were. (laughter)


Our pickle jar--


Vax just backs back into the shadows, hoping the giant forgets about him.


We are of a mind on that.


BC... E.


I blow my horn to call the meeting to attention.


Two people go up.


Come on, let's go. Come on.


Our informant told us as much. We don't want to give his name.


Well you're not on it.


That's why that's a seven. That's it. Right.


Can I grab the rug and yank it?


I can't do it anymore.


You have five there? Okay, okay, okay. A little Ashley Johnson "Okay, okay, okay."


What are we going to do when we're done with it?


Or through an octopus. That's a 14.


Are you strong enough to pull us up?


I can return with the remnants of the Herd and gather up whatever you don't take.


Cure the tree, is the tree eating other things, can we cure the tree...


I'll give you advantage.


Oh, shit! That's right. I'll pay you.


Bone petals.


Yeah. 18.


I'm a fan of my own character.


I would just see a black mist?


I'm a firbolg. I've shifted into about a seven-and-a-half-foot tall firbolg. I weigh about 200 pounds, and I'm wearing some Mongolian-inspired, almost like a shepherd. I have a round face, a wide nose. No pointy ears, though. My ears are soft, and floppy. I stand tall, strong. My shoulders droop a little forward. I'm looking with big, round eyes at all of you.


Do you add the spell attack bonus to it?


We're all dying.


Okay. So the first one, blunt, using the end, is--


I see the mess this is making, and I'm going to turn around and I'm holding the sword, but I'm going to punch with the hilt of my sword.


I mark my territory. I spray a little bit.


No, I can't. I'm terrified.


Excuse me, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, excuse me Kima, sorry, sorry, All right, my hands are on the door. I'm going to check for traps on this door. I get a 21.


Because I don't need to go up.


Cut them down with those guns.


I'm not at full, but I'm much better.


Water under the bridge.


Hopefully it stays in my bag.


And my brain is made of applesauce.


Oh, put that shit in the pile.


"Anna!" And I notch an arrow and aim it right at her throat. "Shut. Up."


Well, he's in Emon now, but we're gathering our forces in Whitestone.


All right, fuck.


That's the last we heard.


We've heard tell of recent situations with his family and you.


It was stolen from him! We should just let him have it.


(gasps) No.


For perception, I can no longer roll lower than ten, unless I roll a one. But if it's a two or nine, it's actually a ten for me.


I'm excited.


Isn't it so pretty?


Oh, nope. That's a big nope. That's a natural one.


Right there?


Okay. Am I close to the hatch?


Ooh, hello!


We can make it happen.


I want to move over back towards the edge of that rock towards me. I mean, this way--


I know. I guess I'll hold my turn.


How much do you need, Percy?


But I'm using Cutting Words on the third one to try to--


Okay, and the second attack is nine. And I will dump poison into it, which is stupid, but I'm going to do it anyway! He's the only one here. He has to make a DC 15. Come on, big guy!


We're rocketing up on the rug.


We can't see from here?


Do they have mushrooms?


I accept.


Nostalgic in Ohio.


So? Zero.


Back out of the way of the door.


I think we copy the contents of the book.


Could you leave? If you wanted.


Twitch has sound? We're good to go?


I grabbed the back of your neck and pulled you backwards with your pants around your ankles.


I'll get smarter. Sure.


How do we seal away a god?


God fucking damn it. Okay, I'm hopping off, then.


Thank you very much. Apologies for intruding.


She needs what's in him.


Can I try to throw something at it?


Ooh, sheets of paper!


Related to you?


Second place is good.


Sorry, there was just a little magic so we could go kill the hydra, sorry... (laughter)


The scene where the ship is sinking and Oskar and Genevieve have to paddle to shore!


Attempt to acrobat roll, so that I'm up and rolling?


Right in the middle of them.


It’s not good?


25?


Help me!


My turn? Okay. Wait, where did Briarwood go? Lord Briarwood.


Does he keep rerolling for breaking, or is that it?


I feel like that's the way we need to go.


The temple I was in before had a recessed spot for the sphere. That just seems like a rune right, like a symbol?


You're tearing the party apart.


Currently you can find Laura's article on GeekandSundry.com.


Spaghetti-Os.


I'm grabbing the debate book and we're looking at that desk and then we're taking off.


Where are these pieces located?


(singing) Your favored terrain!


Wait, if you got a bow, and there were pixies, and you gave her something, did I get anything? Did I pick up any diseases?


Bipedal?


It's nice being good people.


And Vorugal will go to the creature.


Yeah. Yeah. Because this is the first piggyback he's ever had.


I'm giving all of this art away tonight! I'm doing a contest, an unsanctioned contest that I'm running myself. So tonight, tweet me pictures of your Loot Crate stuff, like you and your Loot Crate shirt, or you holding a Loot Crate, or a screengrab of "I just subscribed to Loot Crate!" Tweet it to me with the hashtag #BrianFosterSmellsLikeCabbage. (all laugh)


Yeah, we've got to find a different spot.


We mean to make ourselves of service, whether it be for the good of the city or other endeavors. We're new here. We thought we would try to make as many introductions and have as many meetings happen as we could.


It's just a spinning black orb of death sitting underneath my family home.


Or can we figure out a way to restrain him?


Doctor, thank you for coming over and bringing the gang. It's so great to see you again tonight.


Nuh-huh.


They're all dead, they're gone. We took their horses, they're gone.


I'm going to also keep my eyes open. I'm going to try to get a little bit down into this to see if there's any bits and pieces underwater.


Did you tell her that you were out of money?


What about the sword? You said you found it on the ocean, you found on the boat you were on? You were on an island? What do you mean?


Yeah, it's been in post for months.


I heard them yelling. How do we get off of here?


Sorry, that's from like, three years ago.


That's a little bit of Los Angeles actor humor for you guys over in Sweden today.


Yeah, I'll move away from it.


I'm going to say, what the fuck is going on? I know this is not real.


Wow! Yeah, you know, I'm just so busy. You know, just trying to fill my schedule with things. I should probably go now.


As I head up through the trapdoor, I'm like, get ready everyone, just when he comes up, and just walking a little way past.


That was a really pretty sendoff, Matt. Thank you.


Oh no. Ooh, 21?


Does it feel nice?


Resupply?


Yeah. Doesn't matter. 20.


We have two of them among us.


Okay, as long as it's a love story between me and Aldor-- I'll tell you how to spell it. Okay! Well, let's go meet the rest of the group!


Yeah. What are you going to do about it?


I kind of love Trish the Dish.


I'm going to go upstairs to try to talk to Claudia.


Can I walk over to a tree just in case their plan fails? I want to start chopping.


And do we have invisibil--oh, no.


Sure. The weird family dynamic.


I cast Cure Wounds on Molly.


I just wanted to borrow some parchment. Do you have any extra pieces of paper, though?


Grog will be fine.


I'm going to burn a grit and I'm going to do a torso shot, because that'll be funny. No Sharpshooter.


Yeah, sure. I'll Healing Word at level two to get her back to life.


Bone-spurred beasts. Okay.


An additional 2d12?


(teasing) There's "no" really?


What's that thingy? Pointing to the spyglass.


Puncher of ghosts.


That'd be great.


His armor!


I might do that.


Okay. So wait, what are you doing?


Yeah, we did that. What?


Great, chain devil. So I'm going to make a Programmed Illusion. Upon anyone approaching, a chain devil will appear over the dead bodies that we just killed and say, "There were five of them. They went that way!" And point down the hallway that we just came out of. "Go, get them now! Make them pay!" (cheering)


The guards are really weird.


Or you could have Yasha do it.


Wait, his wyvern guard is often...?


I don't even really remember who they are.


Ilk?


Deceiving the devil, come on, baby!


I saw it, me, Ashley saw it, but Pike did not hear about it yet. Who knows, that could be the thing that seals the deal. I'll be like, you killed the naga? Okay, let's do this. (all laugh)


Without--


What would you like us to tell your daughter?


No, you kind of got it right. Just go with it.


Can I stealth? I want to stealth. And perceive-- I'm going to, like, step in.


That's Alex. He's our sound dude.


K-A-J-I. But it could be any fucking order. Wait, wait, wait! Did anyone take note of the order on the cycle?


I have no idea what's going on.


(kung fu movie accent) Flurry!


You know, if you're me, you only have to roll once.


Do you have anything we could use?


No, that's an eight.


Oh, thank you. So how far can I go on this horse?


Flyby.


Okay. I'm running straight at the window, and as I run-- yeah, past them, and I don't go anywhere near her, and I'm using dash, and I'm leaping out the window and saying, jenga.


That would be an interesting story. I'm going to check behind us and see how far back Fermaw, what's his name, Febron?


God fucking damn it. Okay.


"That's tempting," Liam said.


I kind of do want to do that. He is super good at talking to people.


Kima.


I'm sorry, he was distracting me.


That's a lot of math.


No, I rolled them twice, so 11, (counting) 48.


You've got to get your spells back, man.


No. It's a good day.


(muffled) Fucking bitch!


Constitution check? That's pretty good. 16.


He’s thinking about that great Loot Crate deal.


What if we melt it and then make it a big one?


Hey Pike, don’t take this shit.


Nine. 18.


Does it mention any Abyssal fiends that they particularly hate that we might have encountered?


Something good, something good?


He's so awesome.


It's an 8th-level spell, and it makes him stupid.


Why don't we adjourn for the evening? Retire to our rooms?


Is the armor similar to that suit of armor we saw on the other guy?


Good job, good job.


I've had horrible stomach pains this whole time, I'm sorry.


You're missing it!


You're pointing at the TV screen.


How is there so much coffee?!


But I'm going to keep looking up at what's going on up there.


Do I not have some cover?


Shut up. That's so cool.


Well, if I'm doing it through my cone, it's 19.


We've come to correct the wrongs that she's done and come to bring her home.


Yeah, just like I told you, they made it through the second grate.


I thought he said it was big.


Old friend, a quick word.


There's no save or anything?


We probably should, right?


Are you talking about your abilities?


I'm still in its anus.


Why aren't they up already?! [inaudible]


I'm so confused!


Third shot is 26.


I take out the jug and I go  honey! Hey!


The very first time we played, I picked up Sam and chucked him across a room. That was full of a trap.


Fuck it. I'm going to cast Inflict Wounds at 3rd-level.


Back in my pocket.


Jeff Lobey.


On a scale from one to two, how do you think it went?


Very inspiring.


Right in his guts, that's shit. So, fuck that. And this one is way better. So that's 27.


I'll drop a bead of Firewall.


Well, we may know a couple de Rolos. We may know some. No big deal.


Can Remove Curse remove the thing off of him?


We like you handsome.


Persuasion?


Orly?


Something bad might happen once we turn this, so be on guard.


No! That's an act, that's not anything. It's just a show!


Actually, Pike, now that you mention it, perhaps you could ask some divine blessing from Sarenrae. Make it a holy carpet instead.


Well, I don't know about you people, but I'm tired of this stabbing feeling.


Oh, shit. Well, we're all gonna die. Have another one.


And then we can ride him!


Let's get in range of whatever Caleb needs to do, and then let's break off into three and four.


Do we remember which boat we were on?


Hey, you might want to finish your fairy shit. There's something going on outside.


Well, that is a problem.


On the what? The mote?


And which god is that?


That's why I was saying if we can--


If I can find materials in Shadycreek. I need gold dust, a lot of gold dust. How likely is that here?


Okay. Just checking.


All right, very good. How well do I see these two gentlemen who have been keeping me company?


Should do that. Okay. Yeah, I'm going to cast Hold Person, and I'm going to hold Vax as tight as I can.


There's literally--


It's opening night and I'm so excited! (laughter)


Yeah, that's a nine, plus seven.


Oh! Grog, what are you doing?


I run over and grab my lip and pick it up and go, just between you and me, is there anything we can do with this? (laughter)


Holy Aura fades.


I Wind Wall it to keep, essentially do the Wind Wall--


Or we can just hike and enjoy the scenery. It is a nice hike. The canyons. Yeah. It's rained a lot this winter.


I'm a field medic. I'll get you out.


Boy George! Boy George! I get it a lot. I get that.


Gotta get to me first, motherfucker.


So wait, are we all reunited?


Are you simultaneously brewing at home right now?


Oh, good. I thought that was a one, but it's not. It was a 13.


It's just a warning system, right? It doesn't keep her out.


Tieflings are cool. I like being token human. Token human has been a lot of fun.


19. Plus five! No, plus three.


Southwest.


You can dash and get further away.


I don't know if it's going to hit it. Eight plus five.


(sings) All together, now.


Wisconsin!


He looked pretty good.


University of Virginia, you'll find it.


I'm going to try and go under it. I'm going to think, if there's a pit of bodies that have been thrown away, that maybe a sword is somewhere buried under this pit of bodies.


That's as far as I can go?


That was very clever with the pot, by the way.


Did I manage to (thump sound)?


Second arrow. I'm gonna fire from my flaming bow. I've got one shot on that left. At her again.


What? What happened? How'd it go?


He was going to keep second watch.


Did we scare them away?


I will fire my arrow thing at the creature, striking it with 20 something! 20 things. Is it engaged in something?


That's my worst nightmare!


That wasn't a dick joke!


I'm not good at being the bearer of any bad news, but this is very dangerous and I don't know what we're going to do.


I'm going to take a run towards the fake Jester.


Was that a bonus action to use the weapon?


Can I use my d10? An additional d10 from Scanlan, for the inspiration?


Then he's probably not closer than eight hours away.


I'm going to watch this.


I'm going to just (quick footsteps).


14!


I'm going to use Vicious Mockery. I'm going to look at him with my eyes glowing, and my sword glowing, and in Infernal say, (rasping) The light comes to blind your eyes and burn your flesh. Yeah, 1d4.


Does it lose its grip on us?


What are we doing? We're watching all this happen? We're all like, oh, there goes Grog.


That's where we want to meet them again.


You didn't die!


You seem like the type of place that would carry pickles.


That's right!


Oh, you just found out afterwards.


Are you standing next to him?


Yeah, no, he warned us about...


No, not Sharpshooter. That's 24 to hit.


This is the least amount of d20s that she's ever had in that tray.


And when they discover, and they surely will, that you are not magical and that your friends are aiding you, will that bring you great shame?


I take my sphere. (laughter)


Which is?


I don't love that hashtag.


It's for everyone! I open up the box that says my name right on it. It says it right here, my name.


It's not Tary. We have to give him a name.


Yeah, ditto that shit.


Flynn. How long you been doing this, you said ten years?


You should go to there.


Hang on. "The ones who made us--"


Including the crazy dude? The one that was super--


Right, but seeing as how you don't have any inventory. MATT "There is Grace of the Wilds, which is on the southern side of the Pentamarket. You can go ahead and have Jasna Bree maybe help you there if the army hasn't gotten to her first. But I digress. Respectfully, it's going to be real difficult this time of year."


He has 40 movement?


I'm going to nervously pack while this is going on.


This could have been so much worse.


Insight. 13.


Ever-present, sorry. Ever-presence in light. I use my druidic die. 29. Sorry, 31.


Tiger bomb.


Keyleth, hey, whoa. Take it down.


I was about to say, I might be able to do that too.


You want to keep the dog for later, don't you?


And booming energy. So when he moves he takes an additional 2d8.


Well, that came out weird. Didn't think that through. (all laugh)


We even ordered a lot this time, but we're out.


We'll go freshen up for dinner.


If I move, he'll kill me, so I won't. Instead, I will-- where's Vax?


It's one arm in and one forward. (all laugh)


Nobody is proficient in history?!


You're going to punch a volcano?


Oh, thanks. I appreciate that--


Could you send something to my father?


That's fine, that's fine. I'll take that. That's 17.


That's ten points of damage!


The pen is mightier than the bookcase security!


What about the books?


Oh, you were sleeping on it?


Where are the stairs?


Exactly the word I was searching for. Speaking of beautiful.


It's very romanticized, but on that note Caleb, do you think you could recreate that cipher that you made and have one on hand?


All right, I'll hold on to it.


Oh yes, of course, it'll be right, next thing we do.


We might be able to go faster.


I am not a vegetable.


I really have!


She just said there's a link upstairs. The link from-- to K'varn that we need to--


We will all. [laughter]


So druish. So yeah, you could say-- how about a little bit of column A and a little bit of column B?


Should we try to do the spell, locate dragon again, just to make sure it's at the top of this--


Stealth. Plus ten.


Like a flare--


Let the man fly.


Literally nobody needs to go there but her.


Sure. We just killed him, right?


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods; she preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear-- her own stolen Trinket-- to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also, he is adorable, and gives expert massages. [dramatic music]


So, can we clear out and I'll try to shoot it?


Blowing smoke through my nose (snorts).


I love you. Thank you.


They're empty!


We're going to give him a few extras so he can have more comments.


I'll be right behind them.


34. That's 18 plus 16, whatever that is.


That's our girl!


(whispers) Saved by the Bell style.


Well, I mean, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, oh, clearly I haven't touched my die because the last time I rolled my die, it had a one on it. But in fact, I did roll another one.


I vote for the claw. It's pretty cool.


Yeah, two to a tent.


Can we heal the frozen people? Is it possible?


Did they come back here?


That first one was way better, I should've kept it!


Southward to town.


(in same accent as Matt) Of course. Oh, sorry, I started to sound like you. (laughter)


The gnolls.


Right. Well, 'cause you said that--


They also just went up on our website, on critrole.com. So you can go to our website and find the link.


Yeah, we traded. Fair and square.


Do you have to attune to them?


Arsehole, where did you go? Fuck. They're huge. Sorry. That was really inappropriate.


Pf.


It's all the planning. That just freaks you out, that's all.


Some quick questions--


Or surrounding buildings.


Yeah. Well, the line between me and Kord. Super tight.


Ha! (laughter)


I think I'm going to use Guiding Bolt on the one that was flying away that was singing.


Sacred Flame-ing one of the clusters and he's going to Sacred Flame the other cluster.


Critters!


I find a young boy.


I got a 25 when I checked for traps a few minutes ago?


Oh, well done!


Good night? Hello?


Is it 18 points?


Bring him into the mansion.


Get inside of it. (mumbling) Can you re-lock the door or something?


Oh Keyleth, you've been lying to us this whole time? (Travis laughs)


I may have hinted that we might have eloped. May have hinted.


Ooh, in water.


Excuse me, I was going to be here for a half hour and settle down and go over my talking points.


Yeah, there were another 160 in the rafters.


I'm going to stay as long as I can.


Ah, me? oh. Hello, hello. (laughs) I will kill it with fire. Well, let's see, can I see Vax over there in the worm juice?


How long have you been in that cell?


La-la-la, the Voice is very loud right now. Sorry, the Voice cannot hear you. The Voice is going to have to take a message.


I start digging a ditch with my axe in the sand.


Can I ask you one favor?


The lodestones in.


No, yeah. Yeah.


You hear me in the corner go, hoo. Hoo. Does it echo?


At dawn.


How dense is the forest around this place?


We all duck under the tent go and act like we're sleeping.


What is he doing?


But Grog and I are out?


So we'll have to wait until he comes out.


(French accent) (whispering) Merci. (normal volume) Would you take 15 for both of them?


It'll still take a couple of hours to get there, though?


Thank you. Do better next time to keep everybody safe.


They're bastards, those birds.


Vax is backing the fuck up.


The magic of improv.


Just a little something something?


Yeah, I'm going to start booking out of here.


It's a spell that I could've done, but I didn't take that spell. I chose Counterspell.


Are you attached to him?


In that case-- oh fuck, I've got nothing I can do.


Right, but he's repairing somewhere.


We could always dye that one pink too.


Is this a dead end? Does it look like it goes further in?


Jesus. I don't want to burn another fucking thing on this guy.


Lionel. Thanks for sitting through all this. I really appreciate it.


Okay. "Advantage on attack rolls against any creature that hasn't taken a turn in combat yet."


So not back, they came from the west, right?


She's off-limits. I saw her first.


Come on, Phillip! Kick his ass!


What's more important is that he really cares for you. Don't take that for granted, all right? And I slap her on the back and keep walking.


I go up to Fassbender and I cast Stone Shape on his chest and see if I can repair that crack. Actually, before I do that, can I do a level one Cure Wounds to see if I can heal him first? Okay.


That is nonsense.


Which one of you two will be riding the carpet with them?


Okay. Yeah. (boof)


She's got to have one somewhere. You need a basic map of Vasselheim, is that what you're speaking of?


What? What is this thing? Is it a baby bear cub? Is it a real bear cub?


Dust of tracelessness. Hide ourselves.


It's a one-handed sword. That's 19 to hit?


G-I-T.


Are you natural Beau or big-ass Beau?


What do you have in your-- brooch?


I can't pick it up, I can only move.


There's three people around her in melee. She's not going to run.


We can do that. Yeah, go for it.


Is there a way I can find a courtyard or an open-air area?


I was going upstairs to ask one of the help something.


They already know we're here!


I use the violent shot action with the ice damage. Let's see what that does. Natural 20! This is going to be ugly as fuck.


I have a hooded lantern.


It's like fishing wire.


Could've been Tary.


Okay, I'm gone. We're good.


It's so exciting.


Well, my math is a little shoddy, but I think that would be me.


(fading scream)


Well, we don't know.


The bear we left at home.


No dragons have buzzed by here in our absence?


It's hard to see with the blue light.


And they're made out of metal?


And if we kill them, how much will you pay us? Just kidding. We ask other people that.


And I lied, Nott. I used to work with them.


Okay, I pull the bear out.


Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather, Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream. A dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (creature growl and snapping) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Oh, okay, well, then I'll stick around.


Check their Myspace.


Yeah, I'm 60 feet ahead with my 47 stealth right now.


I mean that's the thing, I mean he's building an army and trying to take over the world. I can't imagine he's listening to us all the time.


I failed.


And then made him a vampire.


Absolutely not. I am one of the strongest casters in all of Draconia, and it only takes the strength of my charisma to do my stuff.


Before we build sunglasses--


Oh, I hope there's so much money in that bag.


Is he still standing?


Then they're going to send people down there.


I was thinking it.


It's 20 points of damage on the first one.


I'll sit down on the deck and start drawing in chalk on the wood and putting my cat in the middle of it, even though he has only been a cat for a few days. Ten minutes later we have an octopus.


If they all succeed, it's going to be dope.


In Xhorhas?


Of everywhere.


We could go anywhere on the planet at any time.


I have boots of haste.


And then she moves and then you go.


I pull out of the Bag of Holding a small leather case. I open the flap. I don't know if you have any interest in this, but my experience with these items has been very extreme. Would you care to take a card?


I did not. No, this is not my clan at all. Which is not surprising, since we operated not in this area.


I would like to use my Stone's Endurance.


If it comes up, no big, could you find out that guy's last name?


Keyleth, did your mother have to go alone, or does your tribe permit there to be help for you?


Okay, that's fucking clutch.


Oh shit. I was trying to get away from him!


So that's a hard yes. (laughter)


Who's going down?


Thanks, Jester. Here. I pull out from the back of my--


There are things about goliaths I did not want to know. That water has a good effect on him.


It's fine, I needed a tan! I was getting a little pasty.


Oh, boy, that's bad. I got an eight.


Five plus my seven, so yes.


Okay. So, he's now got his back turned to me. I'm just gonna stick both knives into his guts and say, "No one touches the gnome!"


How far along that pool can I actually see? If you had to do a cut-off point?


Is this a new round since my last Counterspell?


Are they undead rats?


I do have Hunter's Mark on him.


Ooh, acrobatics, not great. Ten. Stealth, 16.


But wait. Before we go, is there anyone walking about the docks? You know, like dockhands?


Oh my god, like Peter Pan!


He gives you heartburn, you guys. It's real bad.


Oh wait, I can't do that actually, never mind. It's not, but I can't do it because I don't have any 3rd-level spells left. Oh, it's a 2nd-level! I'm a crazy person, yes. It's not a concentration spell.


Oh, are you doing something?


Then hide half the gold. I don't trust the twins as far as I can throw them.


That's-- oh, goddamn it-- that's 12 to hit?


Why don't we bring this guard up here to us?


Okay. So I'm going to tell Trinket to move up next to him.


Strange. This was at the bottom of the ocean floor?


You put 'em away. Didn't you?


He's juggling a lot of plates.


Do you want to give me one of your dice? It's your trammel. One of your die?


All right, you know what?


How do we do that?


I jump up on Grog's back. What the fuck!


That's true. Brag about it, Tiberius. Just keep bragging about it.


This is not a magic you want to be messing around with.


Okay. Can't pull it from a creature.


Or carry the keg in with your duplicate and do both!


Sneak attack?


I read a lot of those. Can't put my finger on it.


I had just rolled an investigation, before I could even-- I had just rolled to check for traps and then you pulled the stuff.


Birds of a feather, you two.


It's true, you have some sort of thing where you do it with a spell where you can ask her to help us?


I never had a cat.


Yeah. Let's at least go see if little lover boy has woken up.


What do I do? I'm going to take two swings with the Summer Dance falchion at that guy right next to us. That does not-- that's a 13?


We'll never beat that death.


We're like, oh cool! It's fire.


No, we walk gently through.


Well, the town itself hasn't decided exactly what to do, how much to rebuild, or whether or not it's even worth it. But now, at least we can make some plans.


Well, I think we're going to drink first.


This can't be happening right now.


Tank.


I'm going to try to see if I can try to start fixing him.


It Wasn't My Intention  the name of this episode.


Oh wait, I could've just-- we could have rested and I could've used hit dice.


Can you do it to the kids?


I am going to go find my sister and make my way to the stone.


You don't know the old evening nip? (laughter)


That's a whole other group of friends.


I was excited to see what sort of stuff--


These are cool!


Galdrick.


Just 'cause.


Would you say that Detect Magic is still cooking at this point? Are we still under the ten minutes from when I cast in the other room?


Did it go past me? Can I get an attack of opportunity?


15d8?


But we just woke up.


I walk over to it (finger swirling sound).


Hit them back.


I can make us all look different. What would make us passable in the city?


I could check in on him. Haven't used the scrying eye today.


I would like to run along the side of the pool, and up on his left side, closest to the entrance of the cave. Right there would be delicious.


I thought we have a good map of the world.


First off, we wanted to thank a couple people that provided the food for tonight.


I'll head around back.


Thank you, Dagon.


Goddamn it, that was a 6th-level spell!


What kind of metal is it?


Did it look like-- like no way I could tell if she took anything from the satchel?


No, like you're not so much right there.


Whoa, triple digits.


So should we give it a shot? See, that's the thing, is he's staring right at me.


Thank you for not making me stand out in the rain for an hour without top pieces. Thank you.


Asshole, asshole, that's better.


Maybe she wants to destroy it, maybe she wanted to get it up above ground so she could destroy it.


That was the female warrior?


We don't have to. That seems complicated.


Just charisma?


Vax, you're still on the floor, right?


Oh, not good. What's my nature? Okay, 16.


Might as well try it. Do we have any acid? You have acid, can we pour it?


That was a little harsh.


You don't have to take my--


All right. Any other words of encouragement?


Does the fact that I'm using what effect I have--


No, that's the Tempest, that's the Tempest, man. That's Kiki, that's Keyleth.


Who can keep track these days? Again, a long story.


Anything that I can do.


She said two shots. She wants two shots.


A crumbled biscuit sounds-- I like her already, that will do.


No! Because six is what he's walking around with! He's got more back in his shop!


Yes, I can do that too, and I can escape. You can't.


He's right in front of you! Don't be rude to Mort!


No, the ghosts in your house!


Is it okay to leave everyone here while we go?


I'm sure. I have faith.


Okay. Well, then give me a bunch of d4s.


Or if he does rounds to check in on people.


Oh, fuck. Thank you so much!


Who told you that?


Oh, that's good, 16. Plus? Ooh. 21.


Do they have an eyeline on me if they were to look over this way? Could they see my head above the water?


I want to look at the window. Do I see that figure I just saw? Does it seem like the pots and pans got that figure's attention and they're hastily moving?


Well, as you may know, acrobatics is something we heavy plate mail-wearing dwarves are extraordinarily good at. Is she still an eagle? Eagle! Hey, eagle!


This is the whole episode.


Like Icy Hot.


I'm going to be like  The fire and ice from the book and the lost sword and all that shit, remember?


Yeah, do it. This is what you do.


No, it's Keyleth, Vex, and Pike are going searching. The boys are going in the temple, and the girls are going searching.


But wait for the morning, unless you want to use it today, and then somebody else will get it in the morning. Because it only lasts for 24 hours.


Rich people clapping, sure.


I will put it where I put all gentle things.


Can I stand on top of the door? Do I have enough movement to do that?


We said like five hours is what I--


Okay. Oh, on top of the extra five? It's plus ten? Okay.


Creepy. What the hell does that mean? Okay. When I get back, could I make my way to The Gentleman for just a quick convo?


Not good. Five.


(intoxicated) Absolutely! (huffs)


Maybe Doty can lean against the door? Stand in front of the--


You'll never know what they were.


Thanks. I get a d10 right? Ha! Okay.


Yeah, I will quietly gather that up and put it into my bag.


Well, I don't know. It just seems so exotic.


(puffs air) Sorry.


I can't whirl around it?


Do some pull-ups on the tree branches.


No, of course. Just making a list.


DM, which side has the crew worked on relative to where I am looking at?


That's cool. Can I then take whatever movement I have left to try and drag--


This is my mist form.


Well, she was just holding the throbbing head.


Yeah, we're in a back alley.


I defer to the wisdom of the group. We merely follow your expert wisdom.


No, the one your Aunt Pam says was invented by Satanists.


You know what? Fluffernutter sounds great.


Right. Lionel. I think he likes to be called Lionel.


They're drawings?


There's a bigger problem, bro.


Everyone! Gather round and watch the amazing Trinket do his tricks!


Not quite.


By the way, where's the obnoxious one? The really loud--


I can see it. It's fine.


I'm afraid because of the music's still playing. What if you're still charmed? I'm not going to dump him out.


Those are actually pig pits, isn't it?


It was a practice count! What'd he say?


(falsetto) Levi-O-sa, not levio-SA.


Vex, what did it look like?


I'm at zero.


No windows.


But what if I want it to catch when I burp?


Was that the biggest thing it does?


Wow, this is so cool, Matthew!


Ooh, that's pretty good. I could also Mage Hand and start unlocking cages.


I have them, too.


No, that was good.


You can roll him in mud, he comes back clean. He disappears, he reappears, he brings you things.


I'm going to write you letters back all the time, okay?


Scanlan, I'm very cold. (all laugh)


Don't treat her like a fucking sacred object, treat her like a daughter, Scanlan.


I've been drinking and hiding.


I just like the notion that maybe if we just checked one more of those cells in the dungeon of Whitestone--


He could be in another dimension.


It is. Do you want other colored hair in there, too?


What are you planning on doing?


Traps!


Four radiant damage.


Oh wait, oh my god, that's good. 20.


I can use my action, my movement, and my bonus action to move full movement at 40. So, Vax is back.


Isn't there a rope still hanging from there? Throw the damn rope!


I'm gonna try to shoot an arrow into the tentacle holding my brother.


Would you come back with me, Jester, please?


A rabbit hole, is that what we're calling it these days?


You and I separate from the group, they go in shining like a beacon, you and I (buzzes) in, and while the illithid is focused on them, we go in, you blind him, and I stab him in his maw. It's pretty good.


Get out! You're the anti-Wheaton.


Do we step onto it? How does it work?


It might have been a last-minute panic.


There's something bigger going on other than us.


Is he the nice one? I would like the nice one.


I gave you a dice. I gave you a dice.


Fuck. That's only an 11.


You take your pants back off.


Those look valuable to you?


I can cause up to six pillars, each pillar is a cylinder five feet wide and up to 30 feet high, and can do six of them.


He kept the armor, so he has feelings. Let's just move on.


Oh, shit. No direction? Can I tell from its impact from whence it came?


Hey, Molly, didn't you say Bryce said it would come later?


Wait, wait, I have a question. Once a card has been pulled, is it gone from the Deck, or does it go back in?


Well, the dragon in the mountain is dead, but there are increasingly angered dragons in other cities that will probably be coming here to retaliate.


Then we don't have to put it in. We'll just carry it.


All right, we've got to am-scray.


Don't make that face.


Your illusion spell.


Make up something wonderful for him. He's wanted to go there his entire life. Make something magical.


Yeah, just closer to Nott.


No, no, not the Plane of Fire. Just the Feywild.


Damn it! I keep looking at it and expecting it to change.


Roll the meteorite.


Attack of opportunity?


Guys, I need you to be clear-headed tonight!


Oh my god, is the beholder attacking? Is it now?


Son of a bitch. Oh shit.


Well, you weren't there when we needed you the most. You were out doing God-knows-what.


This is where we're going to hole up.


Gilmore's Glorious Cloaks.


Plus your attack modifier.


You pick.


I'm up? I'm not ready. I guess I don't need to see it. Can I see it?


Remember that thing I found?


Can I use for my bonus action my Hexblade's Curse?


That's good, so you can move a little bit.


"You okay?"


Oh, I rolled a one, Matthew.


Maybe it was one of Vorugal's first kills or something? And it's sentimental?


Wait. Did you grow that mustache for tonight?


Can I heal him?


Come out of the water, eyes open.


Matt's finding his murder sheet.


Let's take a look to see if there's anything in that desk.


I will try to pick it.


Like that.


Yes, immediately.


True nature.


Dangle well onto the bottom, you can hang off the bottom of it.


"I can't, I have to keep my feet on the ground!"


I had no valuables on me at all.


Oh, man, you're like, "I never knew he had such luscious locks, mmm."


A green, a black, a white.


Yeah, he's a real dead-eye.


Percy's having a Mai Tai somewhere.


But, everyone on the outside just goes--


So some of us need to go inside.


Did you have a happy home life growing up?


One question. This is definitely coral that we are sitting on top of, right?


Okay, Tiberius, are you still lighting up this room?


Yeah. Close to what I wanted. This is 33.


Do you have an earring on? Scanlan, I need you to make an ode to the kitchen staff. Could you call the kitchen staff out and--


Are we going down? Sure.


The damn growl. I thought it was a growl.


Oh, verdammt. It didn't work, we're in trouble, they are coming. I think they're coming.


Well, we can probably call up. We have the writ.


I don't know what it looks like. Unless we have seen it, in which case I still don't know what it looks like.


That's tomorrow.


They alluded to the fact that they know who Vox Machina is, which I guess in this day and age, people know who we are. Which is weird. Okay, just be prepared, because it's not like I'm embarrassed of my family or anything, I just-- they're great! I just don't really know them.


Because it came here.


Yeah, that hits. This is within the same round, by the way.


Yeah, and I may do nothing, but--


Snake.


All right, so we sneak around to the back.


First watch, Percy.


Do we still have another one of those potions? You can come with us?


I've... he's not a concern for me anymore. I don't think fondly back on it, we have bigger things on our plates, but I do care how he affects you, and there is no question how much it affected you when Percival made his offer in that room, and I was a little surprised. And I'm not trying to start an argument or anything like that, I know why he did it, of course. And every fairy within a thousand miles of that room could see how deeply it affected you, and it surprised me, because... Look, if that makes you happy, it is to be embraced, and I'm certainly in support of anything that gives our father heartburn, but... I'm sorry, his offer, in your brother's eyes, is a bit like gilding a lily or framing a sunset. You have always been the coolest person I have known, ever, in my life. And you still are. You're already perfect, at least in your brother's eyes. And I guess I just hope you believe in you as much as I do, because it's quite a bit.


All right! (cheers) Welcome! Is my mic on? It's on, whoa, yeah, welcome to the very first inaugural premiere edition of Critical Role live! Guys, my name's Kevin. I am the social media director for Geek and Sundry-- yes, thank you very much, I am indeed a very cool person. I've been with Geek and Sundry for about eight months now, it was really intimidating at first because I kept mixing up Vax and Vex. Yeah, I still mix up Vax and Vex. But okay, what I was going to say was that Critical Role fans are the warmest, most welcoming fans. (cheering)


Did we ever discover whether or not the magic jug does coffee?


Yeah, 19 points of damage.


(high-pitched) Flames!


We decided early on that Wall of Stone was instantaneous. And permanent.


Slap that jello.


Don't answer that.


You can try. You can certainly try.


Well, I was coming from talking to Jarrett so, it's up to you if I'm there yet.


Am I still coughing?


What? Okay, I bring--


The rest of us are finding a new hideout?


Are they carrying anything on their bodies, on their person? Anything, canteens or weapons or equipment or anything?


Oh sh-- okay.


It's the thought that counts.


Yes. Shout out to our New York and San Fran.


We can drag his body off and feed it to a bear. Steal his clothes. They'll be like "Where did he go? Where did Phil go? Oh, Phil. You know, that old story." Or we drop in mouse girl and she could run around inside and find out if her son is in there, and our friends.


We keep summoning Allura to solve our magical problems. We brought her to Whitestone and now we're bringing her back?


Before I do anything with it, I take it over to Nila. Nila, have you seen any type of blight on a plant like this before? Do you know what this is? It's cold, feel it.


I'll go to check out Ren.


Is it all drawings? Are there any notes, or letters, or clues to her past?


Indeed. But only in times of great need. I trust I don't have to emphasize how important that is.


Yes. All right. Is there any way to pick this up without touching it? I mean, is there any way to-- can I use Mage Hand to lift it?


We’re still on the roof. It’s just Scanlan and Vax down there.


We have to go.


Can we read it?


Do we still have Pass Without a Trace going, or do I need--no, it dropped, it dropped.


Yes sir, I'm sorry what is your name?


Good job, guys.


All right. What are you going to do with that heart anyway?


Wait, no. We work as a pair. Maybe you don't know that about us.


But I'll be on a panel!


Also, this way gets us to go straight through Hupperdook.


Bear-Percy is especially disturbing.


Glad I shook it.


Hey, hey.


I'll hand her my shortsword, but not my little crossbow.


No, the people we are after have done terrible things. They have upset the balance of nature so much by what they have done. They do not deserve to live. Please come with us. I have an idea. If you can come with us, maybe some of the firbolgs from my tribe can come help you here afterwards-- can help keep the temple afterwards.


I mean, I can try--


Yes, I have. I lost--


(grunts) I'm checking for traps!


So smaller than this.


Somebody sent a new Trinket! Look at that, you guys!


Grew back as four?


Am I? (grunts) With my frenzied rage renewed, I run towards the water, haunted by nightmares of Sebastian in the Little Mermaid, and I leap into the water and start slashing and slashing.


We can't. We have to sleep before, unless there's a portal nearby that we can get through.


Don't tell her about the rug.


What the fuck? Can I try and take the edge of the blade and press it into the floor?


You roll backwards there?


Operation Supply Drop! Yes. Operation Supply Drop supports military members and their families-- active duty and veterans-- and their transition back into civilian life. They are a fantastic charity. Love to all of our brothers and sisters in the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, US Coast Guard, all of the branches. We've got so much love for you guys. We have already reached our goal, but you still have time to donate. You can get all of the details at critrole.com/osd. Very soon we will have a first-person shooter with me either doing very well or really sucking and screaming like a little girl. Please donate, share, tell your friends and family. It's almost the end of November and giving love to all of our brothers and sisters in the armed forces.


Ooh! We should go towards that one.


He doesn't get the beacon.


He let it go. He wanted to walk naked.


Did you succeed?


