What does Slow give them?


No! 22.


I'm scary.


What about your room, Tiberius?


Now, has she gotten Abjurist out?


I have my goggles.


I rolled badly. That's a 28.


Probably Mollymauk.


I just like saying that.


Okay, so I'll move to my right a little bit, then, and I will shoot that fucker that's right in front of me.


Pleasure to make your acquaintance.


Always the worst time.


What is this game, Matthew? Don't do it!


That grows and shrinks when you walk toward and away from it.


I'll look at that nice piece of luggage and I'll say: Nott today. (groaning)


I have a question. I don't know if the situation calls for it-- I rolled a voluntary wisdom save for--


I'm going to go pull my bolt out of the thing. Is it recoverable?


Ooh yes.


I thought you were good at this shit.


So the second pact is, we get a bunch of stuff, but we have to do, what was it, the-- "agrees to introduction and installation of at least two of--"


Doesn't she get a plus ten to the stealth?


Condition immunities  poison.


(gasps) You don't need to do this, Caleb, if you don't want to.


That is important, yes.


I'm totally fine at the moment, so I'll stay awake too.


I lost track of what was what.


Poisoning the wall effectively.


All of us, or just you and Nott?


I failed it hard, I failed it.


Kiri be my savior!


Did the dragon take damage?


They gray looks great on you, the salt and pepper hair.


I'm outside the house.


That's sweet. (hacking spit)


Yeah, head to the cities. Work on a dock. Learn from your mistakes. What the fuck are you doing?


She's on a nickname basis already.


You look like a Wicked and Divine character. It's pretty great.


Yeah. Wouldn't that mean we would get 900 gold? 100 per person-- per, you know?


No, you have to hit send, my friend.


No stone.


Oh, you think I'm dragging Kash along? Oh no no no no no.


I want to see one of those before-and-after meth photos of Grog. (laughter)


Oh shit! Christ!


Change up the food?


(suggestive clicking) Sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [laughter]


There was a sick guy! There was an old sick guy and he turned into a zombie! And I run over and I cast Cure Wounds on Beau.


Great. Awesome.


I ignore her like usual.


Alchemist Ozwyn Grud.


Yeah, coming from work. Tired, the time change.


He's Spider-man?


We were put between a rock and hard place.


Aw man, I thought he was whipping me around.


Should I roll damage first? Or all three.


What? Kashaw?


I smack myself with Bigby's Hand.


Oh good, good. That's what I was going for.


Still gonna knock me out.


Yeah, he's pretty good.


I wanted to grab something under the bed. I'm going to take it and I'm going to hide it.


(gasp) Yes, yes it could!


Ivan from the other show? Do you mean Ivan, from the show before us?


But please don't go on any walkabouts while we are sleeping.


But he made his save.


I disappear. (bamfing noise)


You'll have it.


21 damage.


We'll go east.


(overly dramatic) Oh!


They get sucked in, Grog.


It's not a sneak attack? Even though I used my bonus to hide behind Grog's big fat leg?


Well, that's good. I thought he was like on top of you.


You were looking me in the eye when you said it.


Wait, fire, lightning, and what?


He actually didn't have feet. He lost his legs.


Fjord pulls out the big guns. Master plan, here it is.


Ooh, come on, Keyleth!


Okay. All right. Thank you very much. You're very helpful.


He was lying. He's not giving us any of the money.


And circle around Trinket's tush.


I'm a pickled Pickle, yeah. But I'll see you guys tomorrow.


Why does it feel like you roll crappier when you’re lower level? 13.


I can move it 60 feet.


As a side note, I am hiding my magic paint like whoa.


You did! Yes, you did.


Wait. Who said that?


I am the most sincere!


If someone crocheted us a little single-square magic carpet?


What do we need? We have to get water, right? There was some issue about-- we don't have any water, do we?


I press the blade a little tighter.


They all had nasty beards. Duncan, Valkin, Ruth, and Tanya.


Most likely.


Somebody said the words-- this is Liam-- "Why are you all wrapped up?"


I'll point you in a direction.


Oh my god, it's Ripley! Oh my god, it's Ripley! Sorry.


Yeah, I go in after him.


I rolled a 19 last we checked and that was 20 seconds ago.


Too much water.


Okay, so now I have an attack, because of Extra Attack?


11 total, because charisma.


We're basically gods. (laughter)


Yeah, she frogged out.


You're going to throw a rock at him?


I walk slower. So this is my home. We just built it. Isn't it wonderful?


Yeah, Thieves' Cant we're leaving here.


That still translates, right?


Lumpy Frumpy.


We want the Hupperdook one.


If things look like they're trouble, we'll just go with it.


Tiffany.


Fuck. Did that Accursed Specter do any damage?


Yeah, and I'm like  This is fog! Probably Keyleth's spell.


Hey Scanlan!


Can I check the bedroom?


I take out my Ioun Stones.


Let's shift to the fire realm.


I've got Haste on-- If I've got Haste on, can I get to Kima? 'Cause I've got haste boots.


I turn around and I start dancing to distract her from what we're doing.


While we're standing there, I pull out an arrow and I'm tying the little tiny mouse onto an arrow.


This game’s going to make me go into labor!


We have another entrance. We have the one in Whitestone.


We’d already fucked up the rug, we probably shouldn't fuck up anyone else's house. We were already implicated at one place, right?


Oh, that's fine.


Maybe this will make you more fun to be around, too. You used to have this death wish, but now it's done. Now you pop a beer.


I'm great at it.


No, you asked how I was communicating it.


Wilhand.


I turn him into diamonds.


Yeah. I think I want to get this door open quickly, please.


That's why we're here.


I can’t teleport everyone.


Oh, wait, 22.


This is as, you know, I've heard the kids say these days: Creepy AF.


Let's have the Duchess come fly back towards me and the other side of the chamber. Just to make sure that there's nothing-- Yeah, yeah, further. Yeah, over on that side, just to make sure, just because nobody's really investigated there yet.


You wanna play with my kid?


Scanlan is important.


You're touching her. You're near her.


Don't tell him all the numbers.


Happy St. Pat's. That's the end of the episode, right?


He's now going to become Whitestone's FedEx though.


With magic, or just with size?


Yeah. It's funsies.


Of course they have.


All right, nature. Three.


Oh, that's all of it.


Don't split the party.


Wait no, she has to prepare the Heroes' Feast for us before we say goodbye.


That's what I'd do.


Okay, that's ten and 15, and then 18, 23.


DM, in everything that I've seen, when fire has been used on this creature, did it splurt?


No! They need to recharge! Give them some space, let them recharge!


No, they ain't coming.


Do they react to each other?


I do. I have these Bracers of Defense.


As we leave, I give the saddest puppy stare to that wallet on the side of his belt and wish upon a star. And then I leave.


Lemonade Tycoon!


Don't attack it?


Okay, so an additional 28 on top of that.


Northwest. Okay. So I can safely assume that the tree that they're heading towards is not cancerous.


Do you have a d6 that I can borrow? I'm going to go for my third, can I borrow your pink d6? I want to Bowie this shit. Yeah. I want to be flamboyant as fuck. All right. Going to call it. 14. (counting) 24 to hit.


You're fingering the wound. Okay! (laughter)


You yourself can be corrupted if you go and find him.


How many do you need?


Yes, thank you, but it's weird.


You're not even in the room.


That's a good idea.


I may have a thing. I'm giving it some time.


Careful if you’re filtering by type. I was having a problem with that. It's "potion of healing."


Do you have gills?


Can you go? Oh, you're a shark.


I gotta shave tonight.


Wait, I just heard a noise?


Yeah, that's 25.


And Pike.


It looks like the letter ah--


Guys, for D&D Beyond, I brought a loaded gun!


It sure as fuck doesn't. Could you say that again slower?


That's not bad. Greatsword of Frenzy!


It's all right, you've never played this game before.


I live another day!


PD!


Me and Percy.


Santy of the Shanty seas sees the sea.


No, come with us, Keyleth!


Sorry, Vex.


Maybe you're a mermaid and you don't know.


I don't think the sword is going to fucking fit. Here.


Well, see, you'd have to be there to find out, so if there is a car, a plane, or a train, or a telephone booth around you, get to Indianapolis on August 18th!


It's so pretty, right?


(clicking SFX)


I'll crouch down and start untying his little boots.


Ah, Gott. I'm going to lean around the corner and do what I thought I would do before, which is to tug on the Glove of Blasting and fire the three Scorching Rays. Natural 20 for the first.


Trinket has to save us all.


Specific.


I'm going to look for traps.


"Go, Scanlan!"


You have plus ten because of my Pass Without a Trace.


Hey, you. Do you like the dragon or do you not like the dragon?


That's a very deep belly button you have there, my god!


Experience as a what?


I'll guard Caleb.


I had one question. I drank that Potion of Speed. It hastes me for a minute. How many rounds is a minute?


I'm hidden by Keyleth.


We're not going to move it.


I shall keep an ear open for the name Raishan. If I hear anything about her, I'll send word.


While all of this is going down, I'm going to casually walk over and open my little harvesting book and start harvesting some hydra blood.


He would have had to have told me that there was magic anywhere else in the room.


It's still under it.


Back at the temporary 137, due to the feast.


I'll be off in the morning.


Look at the coolness that's been created on this map!


Never mind! You're doing great, Grog! Keep going. (whispers) He looks like shit.


Your family's actually poorer because of you.


So you get advantage, yo.


Come out and say hi!


Which means if you hit him enough, he drops back to human.


Oh my god, Matt.


I'm breathing deep, taking aim at the wall, resetting everything.


Tasha's Hideous Laughter.


True love.


What do you use for the--


Do we recover our exhaustion?


ZandorInvictus. "Made the easy decision to skip the midnight showing of Avengers to catch the show. #LessThanThree."


We're working it out.


Off a Duck's Back?!


Ten points of cold damage.


What if we danced?


I was really excited to see your face when you handed it to them and they're like, what are we supposed to do with this?


No, we're pointing at you.


Ritual? Communion?


Nobody move. Don't move.


That is her armor class.


Hold for a second. And wait for Team Three's response?


I pick JB up by her wrist.


No, this is a new round.


Could be underneath it.


I take it you haven't seen much combat.


The other is a 17 plus four for a 21.


Let me know, because I'm going to throw up.


Counterspell!


I've just had enough with all of you people. We performers demand respect and deserve it as well.


How are they getting in and out, man?


Specifically what I'm trying to remember from my encounters in the past is if it has any resistance to poison damage.


But people break codes--


Oh my god, of course you do.


Maybe we do like the three backward steps and then the turn and then both walk out.


I'm Chevy Chase in Christmas Vacation.


We're not going to hurry. We're going to meander so that maybe we get seen.


I mean, don't knock it.


So 150 feet apart, probably.


Wait, are we at the top of the round?


I'll buy one of those.


Hm. All right, thank you. (whispers) What was Reginald's daughter's name?


She's got a very fair point.


Yeah, I'm going to stay where I am.


Here, take him the extras.


Okay. That's interesting, we didn't notice that before.


There's a house we're supposed to plunder.


(singing) When you’re a Jet, you’re a Jet all the way.


We lift it, and put it in the Bag of Holding.


I think with this many witnesses, it's not a threat. It's a promise.


This one shoved my face into lava at the end of the last battle royale.


Cool. Sorry about that.


826LA, guys!


You're roommates with Marius?


The Moon Weaver?


Windows in this room?


I think we all-- did we all find out? No?


I dunno.


I gave 50 to Percy, which you didn't use.


Don't, that's a terrible idea.


--is how we can get into the trapdoor.


I do have a lot of scarves.


It's acrobatics, but fuck it.


I'm going to need a little bit more. I turn to one of the beetles and, "Make him feel this," and have the beetle bite me and then swarms and attacks him. I'm casting Bane.


Left. Oh!


She still has one more attack, can she use the rest of her movement to move towards the jaguar? I think she has ten feet of her movement.


Oh god. Nine? They got me. They got me, guys.


Yeah! Man. Thanks, Keyleth. Much better now.


Come on, Caleb!


Hey, Keyleth?


So that's halved again.


We can put it in the Haversack, can't we?


Can we hear any kind of movement coming from the other island? Does it seem like they heard those explosions? Are we safe here?


I'll let Cass know.


What is it with you and flying?


Would have been used as a safe house for awhile I imagine, though.


I will Mage Hand to remove the gag from her.


(whispering) Everybody stay quiet.


Can you show me where his glance is, again, with that doohickus you have?


And didn't we see something similar in Umbrasyl's and when we killed the blue?


No. Well.


Oh, but I get to roll twice though, because it's my favored terrain?


So many trees.


We are very good at picking fights. It's getting the dragons to pick fights on others.


I haven't gotten to see mine in person yet, and I'm excited.


Which guys?


Ooh! You're right, my AC is two higher, what did you say? Oh, 21?


Come here, we're going to patch you right up. C'mon. I'll take care of this.


Fuck this tiny hole shit.


I’m going to have access to this haversack for a while, I’m just saying. Sorry.


Oh, that's better. That is 25.


I said  I'm a golden god! But you know what? I'm still alive; I wasn't entirely wrong.


20-foot radius.


It's a door.


Bunch of assholes.


It's just hats, Grog. We're just getting hats.


I mean, it was so lovely the last time.


Why would you do that? Do the ones that aren't trapped first.


Purge!


I was at the door. I don't know how big the place is.


Oh. What do you prefer? I'm a sorcerer, so I've got to keep it light.


Wait, you want to go bam-bam-bam?


Irritated creatures.


God, the grass is really cold.


That's about it.


If you steal a horse, steal a horse and ride it.


Advantage, but disadvantage, so 16.


Don't read that. That's not necessary.


The other folks in the tavern-- there are only five? Four or five?


Way late!


-- west.


I'm just going to do the-- Fjord, you should probably get what we're looking for and get after her. I'm going to hightail it towards where she was heading.


You don't have 20 gold?


Separate him from his god.


No. We can ask.


It's good that you find levity in the situation. Then we go into the inside of this wall and take the next step.


What kind of damage?


Cool. Thanks guys!


(quietly) Good job.


It's Alternative Apparel and it's super-duper-super-duper cozy inside.


So those would be, like, one beak and one talon maybe?


I'm going to be a total dick and not do that.


I've heard the story, yes.


Ignore me.


(whispers) Dis tower.


I'm about to throw up.


It's me and you now; we got this. We're good. Go!


Also, it's important that it is kept hidden.


All right. I would hate to-- little baby, mini Trinket in there gets like drowned or something if I'm underwater.


Saturday, 10 30.


(sighs) That's all I got, because I burned a shot attacking Keyleth, so I have to reload. (sighs) Yeah, I'm going to stare at her and the best thing I'm going to do is: No matter what today, I forgive you, but I cannot let you leave. And I'm going to sit and reload.


I've got to go check on Orly, make sure we're going the right way.


Maybe it's Febron, maybe that's a--


Check their corpses. See if they have anything on them that can tell where they came from.


You're welcome. Would you like some more?


What, it's protein.


Yeah, I want a house from your balls and bits.


I love you, Matt, so much. (laughter)


Well, he can come on the--


This is improvisation. If I say it, it's real. That's how this fucking works.


I think we should stick to the safe house, what do you guys think?


Oh my god, this is the best day ever.


That's the go-to.


The damage doesn't do anything to its spellcasting ability, does it?


I bet I can get 300 gold worth of diamonds for way less.


You're going to fart awkwardly and we're going to yell "imposter!"


Or at least a Tom Waits one.


Why do you always wanna leave my wonderful bear?!


If only there were a tiefling here, who possibly spoke and read the same language.


Isn't it, though?


No, we either have to fly up to the top or bring it down to us, right?


When Caleb was knocked down by Thunderwave the first time, would he have been thrown backwards?


It's not what I saw in my dream.


I want to do a perception check.


All right, I'll walk around.


Elephant's going to die.


I would hang out here all the time.


So sexy!


Looking for signs of life with the paper on the desk.


Let's go through them.


I grab the Gatestone off the end table where we left it with him and hand it over to you as well.


I'm going to do a succubus. I know I've got a good look at them and they can fly.


22 points of damage, plus he's knocked prone.


You know what, let's go talk to Pike, because Pike might possibly have some sort of spiritual connection with Vasselheim as well that might save us a scry.


Investigation check?


Suit yourself.


Keep running. They've got bigger things happening right now, just keep running.


Ah, one more. I'm going to do flurry of blows.


Okay. Do I get advantage because we're all chanting together?


Fucking Hupperdook bureaucracy.


So we have 50,000 total. Because we just had 30, we just got paid 30 grand, right?


He did say he wanted to see the twins, especially.


I hold his hand, if he'll let me.


We have to kill these fucking guards, don't we?


Go ahead and fuck them up, man. Go for it.


All right, that misses, then.


And it's a fish. Cats are really perceptive when it comes to fish.


I tried to look. I couldn't tell. Looked like a nice variety.


Too big for a tiny bird.


Yasha should stay with the healers for sure.


Could you do that cheer where I feel a lot better after you do it?


You saw Harry Potter, the hippogriff will jack you up! Bow back!


Heal him!


Should I be? Okay, I'm doing that as we're going in and stuff.


I don't know what you are talking about.


I'll be living the dream.


I'm going to use Vicious Mockery at it, really quickly.


Technically, he can choose another target.


Is this our first item?


All right, so how do we use this orb to do that right now?


Explain that joke. Explain it.


Are you okay? Do you need healing? Because Caduceus can heal you.


I'll run forward using my 30 feet but I will call out: Nott, get back here!


What's your name, good sir?


Did you bake a cake? I hope you baked a cake.


Do that, speak at the same time-- hear ye hear ye.


Excellent. This is where all talk must happen now.


I cast Message upstairs blindly, not knowing where they are, saying: we're in the house, we're coming up to help you. You can, of course, reply to this message.


Some of us have been in comas every other session.


I'll shoot at-- it's Protto and Ruzza?


You're the best of all of us.


We're 15 feet below Vecna. He's right above us.


Do you think maybe we're going to want some of these clothes at some point?


Great way to leave a party.


It's the very least.


He says coyly. "Would you like to see the layout of the room?"


Google reported a weird influx of 'falchion' searches. (laughter)


And you didn't even have to say jenga!


-- and take this down. "The battle a draw, Taryon decided it was better to lie than tell the truth, and embarked on a new adventure pretending to be their humble intern, when in actuality, they were working for him." End of chapter!


You could pick it up.


He's a pretty interesting man. I wish I could've met your mother.


What are the other Eyes of Awareness? Have you guys come across the others? It says that's the third one.


I hit a 12, which is just barely enough to fix it.


I rush that way and look for my other tribe. Can I see any of my other tribemates?


And I'm up a bit, so I could throw something at them? I guess drop it. I'll drop a thing of fire up there. Alchemic fire. A little pot.


Ja so this is Part A of the equation. Feeds the fountain. The fountain feeds the garden. The garden feeds the warden. The warden feeds the snakes! Let's go to the last wall. "The warden guards the false serpent."


I'll try to edge it a little closer still. I'd like to get it near the fence, if I can.


Who are you asking?


Smart, smart!


Yes, Understanding Comics is going to be talked about.


Maybe with my inspiration, I can get a few more seconds in there?


What would the captain have told us, though?


How about--


And now I'm coming back to the beach.


But then we have to wait until your turn. Or I could just scoop you up and drag you a little bit and go that direction!


Can I run over to Sprigg and shove a-- should I shove a health potion in his throat?


Classic.


Some halflings just deal in wine a lot, and a lot did in the town that I'm from and then my parents wanted me to keep up with the books and all that stuff so it forced me to learn halfling. I was around it a lot.


If he's about to die, at least get his gender right.


Gust of Wind, 2nd-level spell, sorry.


Did you just call us The Mighty Nein or did you describe what we look like?


I was about to do that, yeah, but I want to go over-- Right above it.


Thanks, Loot Crate!


And I'm throwing a knife into the dwarf's neck.


(whispering) Give him some ale.


Ten feet.


Horris?


It may not know its value, but it does -


An uneventful two weeks for everyone, I assume?


Is this disadvantage again or no? I'm not rolling Gil.


I... can I be real with you guys?


Six, so 12.


It's pretty amazing.


Yeah. We should probably let them go home eventually.


I've got multiple diamonds.


(strained) I feel like that was personal.


Oh shit, I thought we were in the guildhall.


You woke up buried in the ground?


Tibs.


Well, what else are we going to do?


Well, let's go back to the mansion. Maybe we can destroy it on the way out, if we feel necessary.


Hang on. We might want to be careful about getting too high. There's a lot of smoke in there; we don't want to suffocate.


Does it seem like the dragon has noticed us?


Well done, all around. Really, I'm really quite impressed. However, there was only one--


Yeah, look at you, asking questions.


Philip. Do you have any ranged abilities as a sneaky one?


And it will explode.


Insight. Okay, 18.


We had spaghetti for lunch.


One gold.


Cock goblin.


I'm going to go 200, 300 yards back towards the city, just in case they manage to get through.


DM, on a minor note, I put my hand on Fjord's shoulder and say I'm going to be blind for a second, give me a little slap if anything goes wrong. And I tune into Frumpkin who should still be--


This feels like when we played in Liam's one-shot when we got on the beach.


Jackpot?


It was on the money.


Wow. I mean--


Why? Because it's so hot?


Very limited, like once they're gone, they're gone.


I've no idea what this means.


Should we go back to The Gentleman?


What do you do now?


Two! (laughter)


No, it's cool!


Yes, yes, we do.


We were drunk at the time, it just sort of happened.


So Molly can have a room all to his own, if he really wants to, you know (clicking) (whistle).


You might want to go shark for one of them.


You going to Gilmore's? We're going to Gilmore's, too. We could go together if you're doing that.


50,000 gold. Small fee.


I'm happy to take it. This was definitely my instigation, so I should bear the brunt of it.


That's the last time I listen to you.


I'm just going to go, "Excuse me. Excuse me, Trinket. Sorry." And I'm going to peek around the door and go (shkoof) and Sunbeam him.


Oh wait, we're using one?


Yeah, I'm a bit big so I don't know how you're going to do that.


No high fives.


Can I tell if he's lying?


A what? What check?


Look, from what I understand, these guards were attracted to the horrific disguise that Doty had. He knocked them out, brought them in. I checked for, like, a pulse, checked their knee reflexes, and they were on death's door, so I just finished the deal.


We'll try it again later, maybe.


I understand this is very complicated. Are we really looking for a solution to fix several generations of your family's misdeeds? It sounds like your father, your grandfather have been navigating murky waters for some time.


There's no generosity in this.


Oh, jeez. Who is it?


It can be-- you know what? It can be an animal. I'm conjuring an animal. I can conjure an animal. I'm gonna conjure a shark. I've seen a shark.


Owl on your head.


That changed the game forever.


We have to eat. We have to do the Heroes' Feast, for sure.


Could I borrow that maybe?


How many questions do you get?


Fucking Kentucky knows what I'm talking about.


Jagged at the tip.


Sure, yes, do you have an oolong?


I will never know what the metric system means. I don't know what that is.


I've actually had a good time. I've died a few times, but I'm great.


I have advantage because of Cabal.


This is awesome.


You're fast and slow.


Hey yeah, Tarytown, can you have Dotes lean on the door?


Sure you guys heard Hector yelling at you in that nice little ad that we had, and the last announcement that I have is that we will be a sub-only chat tonight. This is not something that... we tried holding off as long we possibly could, but we've had a lot of requests from people to try it. So we're going to try it out tonight, see how it goes; if it goes well, we might end up staying with it. But we really didn't want to, because we wanted to keep this as open as possible. But we've been getting a lot of requests to, so we're going to give it a shot and see how that goes, and just wanted to let you guys know that was up.


Ooh, do any of the rings that I have on my fingers have a pearl on them?


So we could just go straight to-- Okay.


Wow, this is an amazing--


I'm a monk. I've got fists!


What's that, Mr. Disco? Who do you hate? (laughter)


Jester, what's going on down there?


(mystical voice) Meet us soon. Did you buy potions?


Yes, I understand. Well then, that's fine. That's all I need.


We need to go sign up for the tournament.


But we were putting things into their mouths.


I don't think I've seen you stand up so fast.


Wait, we're staying put and they're walking off somewhere else? How are we going to see what's going to happen?


I’m drinking.


The door's open. We're talking through the door.


Oh yes! Do you want it?


Sorry, pull the plug, people, wrap it up.


I'm going to nock an arrow. And point it towards the violin and hold it there.


Oh, great! Great!


Yeah, because I cast Pass Without a Trace on us.


Why not? And you guys can go talk to it.


Oh shit, if I move away, he's going to take a swing at me, isn't he? But that would be wise.


Make us look like we've been beat up.


What con are you guys at?


Of course I want to go say hi, but I don't want to distract us from our mission.


Building will give them something to do. And if the dragon comes back, they will be safe underground. And if the dragon doesn't, we have saved thousands of years of inspiration and life. It's-- you can't just abandon something like this! There's too much here.


Flowers. Did we pass any flowers?


It can regrow tentacles.


Two more squares. I'll come back out the door and towards Keyleth.


Black chin.


Yeah, that's fair.


(pleading) Scanlan.


I'll be behind Grog, as well.


You walked over and gave him pretty flowers?


Tiberius, if he fucks us.


Five gold.


I cast Stoneskin right now.


Don't do the math.


Around the corner or something. Can we stealth further down?


I'll grab unconscious guard and the body.


(groans) Thank god.


We took a rest.


Still going?


Or lightning the water?


I do have Darkvision.


Yeah, so many Critters.


--one day--


Let's do it.


I'd like to reach up with my firebrand warhammer.


Who? Vax? Oh.


Want me to scry on Nitebe? I can.


Maybe there's something in our own technology, in our own magic, that can help inform us. I don't know.


Oh god, we should turn off our cell phones more often. This feels really good. Oh god.


But how would we tell him why we need it?


Yeah, I appreciate it as I go, and I look for traps.


Everyone who we ask, everyone who we send in there, we're sending in to their death.


May I have a look at that? Oh, Keen Mind.


Oh my God, next week's our 100th episode! How fucking weird is it that we got the T-shirts released...


Just because I'm nervous, I reach into the Bag of Holding and pull out a vial of holy oil that I have. I have three vials of holy oil and I just hold it in one hand while I'm down there.


Okay. Glad you're with us, Sprigg.


We might be able to outrun them.


It obeys me because I asserted my dominance.


I'm so confused. The carts that we see were the ones that I've seen people go into before, but we don't see the Iron Shepherds here.


And it doesn't do anything. It goes right past him, and hits the wall, and he looks towards the wall.


So excited right now!


What? That is so cool!


We are so proud.


Bam.


Fuck it. I'm going to climb up the stairs.


25, total.


Poisonous bite.


Hello, my name is Janet. [laughter]


Okay. That's a good idea. I would feel very bad if something happened to him and I didn't say anything. I mean, if I died, then I just wouldn't know, I guess.


Cad, you and me? What's Yasha doing, is she coming with us or is she invigorated by the storm?


I did give him a bag of musket shot. It's okay. Carry on.


Oh, I don't care about worth.


Do they need to feed?


You think there's something bigger than Thordak in the Fire Plane?


Where is it? I still haven't seen it!


You just died.


Is the footing here precarious? I know she's leading us through, but is it all viney and shitty?


Now, do your thing!


I don't understand what that--


Two humanoids are in the house, there's a guard between the home, and the warehouse thing you just described?


Maybe it's the fact that I feel like I've been lied to my entire god damn life, and it's all crashing down upon me right now.


Scanlan, could you potentially put all the people in the door?


What did you grab?


What do we do?


Fucking Burt Reynolds.


Running to the Yasha creature.


I'm never going to get bored of this. I'm never going to get bored of this!


First one!


We could paint a new flag with your brush.


Okay, sure.


Say hi! (boosh) That's a lot. 24.


He's looking forward to vacation when this is all over.


So, Plan A, again, sextuplets, slaves, mansion. Plan B, we're still sextuplets, but this time, we're somehow framing him for dishonoring the sultan and then attacking him in the middle of the square.


Six. MATT. You're not the best at gathering Information. Maybe it's the--


Can I aid him by shooting him at the same time as he is trying to break the grapple?


I'm excited by this.


Do I need to roll stealth?


Wait, is Claudia his sister?


I don't think I can do it!


(singing) Pour some sugar on him.


And draw a new hand.


We don't really know what we're going to find this morning. Those big guys could still be there; we don't know.


It's a magical item you put on?


Yeah, yeah! You'll like it! So stick around!


Okay. I won't hit Caleb, right?


It is very cool-looking.


Put it in the Bag of Holding, Grog.


Hell yeah.


I spring out of my bed because I don't sleep with any armor on, I got all me bits on me, and I grab my axe and I kick the door open!


Yes, yes it is.


That's pretty fucking cool. (laughter)


Are we leaving his swords? There's one that can teleport?


Sorry. Go, Frumpkin, go!


I've got two gold necklaces, two gold chalices, and two rubies.


Oh, I will gladly do that for you.


Ooh, to the back of it.


She's been working on Talks Machina, kicking ass.


Your eyes are normally like tea saucers, but now they're like full plates. Are you all right?


I don't know, you've been tinkering a lot lately.


Let's fucking get out of here. Are we just going to try to bamf to the fucking fields, or are we going to talk to Melora, or are we going to bamf to the fields and then go talk to Melora?


Can we hurt the tree?


If you napalm the forest, the trees will probably catch fire.


(long sigh) That is true. We haven't heard anything, but that is true.


It's a mystery.


Plus, you know, if you're wanting to become a more independent and solitary man, then maybe you learn how to brush your own hair.


I'm going to take a look-- Is the friend who's dead skeletonized?


This is going on my chicken coop, man!


Tight.


That is impressive.


It's a two-handed then because it's a great--


All of us, just, me and the kraken, and I guess everyone who's still grappled by him are going this way.


I get feeling like shitty people. I don't speak for the rest of these guys, but I get feeling shitty. But it doesn't mean that you get to impress that on other people and make them feel like shitheads just because you are.


Ooh! Cold.


Yeah, JB said it was brought upon by greed.


Oh, that's right, you told us. You had a large family, but they're all scattered about, right?


Abjurist Noja's.


Laura, were you recruited to help with that?


Do I make a death saving throw?


No, I never saw National Treasure.


I'll come back to you after Thanksgiving, baby.


Tune in tomorrow night, guys. All right, I think Ryan's got some gifts for you guys.


Yeah, don't step on the snail.


It's a beret. I don't think he made it dorky. I think it comes with that already sewn in.


I say we smash it!


We're all planning on doing something, and I don't think that my part of the plan is any stupider than yours will be. So. Good luck to you. I'll keep your armor safe. Hopefully we can trade back. And if not, you can peel it off my dead body.


Ugh. If he does, we never saw it.


Sounds like he does specialize in those abilities when you put it like that. If exceptions can be made for friends and family. Friends and family discount is a real thing.


What did you use to attack?


I'm listening! What?


Thank you. (whispering and giggling)


Yeah. Don't make me say it.


Blowing up a cave, I guess.


Yeah, that back wall perfectly blocks that whole thing.


A d20?


Did a 22 perception check around the edge of the loch find anything?


Here's my vote, so I can have it said. I would rather get everyone that doesn't want to die in this town out to that encampment. If we take this meeting with Zanror, we will no longer be able to walk away. There could be a total chance that they all turn on us right then. In the throne room, in the yard, wherever we are. We could leave now.


Roll well. And I have inspiration, which I'm going to add to that. So that's-- That's 18 to hit?


Before we leave, shouldn't we get a lay of the land? I mean, I trust my own ears, they're very large, but I barely heard half of a conversation. I don't even know really what's happening other than I heard that there's a war happening.


Yeah, that's doubled.


And that's not the right dice to roll, hold on. Wow, I'm really out of it. Here we go. That's 14 piercing. Four psychic. Six necrotic.


Or Taliesin Jaffe at any party.


Vex, you mean? My sister Vex?


(gasps) There's a big chandelier. That's fun.


Where's Cashew?


Erikson!


You know... (sighs) Yeah, this is going to be worthwhile. I'm going to-- well... (laughter)


So that's a mess.


What did he do?


Yeah, Sam Riegel and I are both in Fallout Far Harbor, which is the first big DLC story dump. "Fah Hahbah." Fallout is my favorite way to escape reality second to this, so I hope you come join me. I play a human guy, but there's also a synth. Look for the synth.


It's 2d10, and then I double the d10, plus 18.


I gave it to Ashly this week, it was working fine.


Regular dex-based? All right.


Well, they were probably smaller than that, yeah?


Okay, I'm going to spend the evening telling Kiri basically the story of Tusk Love--


I don't know, maybe we walk away from the whole thing. Discuss it as a possibility.


That's the little chunk where the joint is. It's just this little bit, it just breaks naturally if you put pressure on that side.


This is Twitch. Holy cow.


Oh, I thought it was the very end.


I'm sorry, I wasn't listening, what?


Roughly how far away is that fray?


Pass Without a Trace still going? It goes for how long?


Cremated him!


Maybe. Maybe this is the name-- maybe they've named all the entrances and exits or something like that.


I don't know, it's an unknown quantity.


How far of a jump down is it?


We've already put you through the ringer, darling. You're fine.


We're all pimping our shizz.


Investigation? All right. 20. No, wait-- Yeah, 20.


It was nice meeting you.


I run to the water, as well, and I fucking cannonball. (all laugh)


We could camp there. That could be where we stage our attack from.


One of those shitty dueling shawls that they throw off?


Okay, go!


Just to go there and look?


Magic in them.


I'll try Cure Wounds at, I'll try 4th level, since we're going to sleep.


What killed you?


You're a goliath, you'll eat anything.


Go donate. Just do it!


Thanks for all your art, Meghan. Your art's great.


You sneaky-sneaky.


Not to the other corner where there's probably--


I am at 15.


I got a 19.


Yeah, to replenish.


All right. Ooh, my new dice! Ooh! C'mon, baby!


I still critical failed.


Alignments, starting with Liam.


I think it'll help-- he's still not out of the woods, I think we all need to pray.


What if roll the sword up like a Fruit Roll-up?


Are there traps on the door? I check for traps.


I don't want to be about making a stink everywhere we go.


It's a hardy mallow.


Sylas or Delilah?


So. And as an earth-- but I am still new at it.


Why does he have disadvantage?


It might be a gazing sphere. Be careful. Keep it under cover. Keep it wrapped in something.


He'll light it. A what check?


I definitely could use some sleep.


To be fair, you would tell a random person they have a booger on their nose.


He'll be dead by the time he gets here


Shit. I will hold Otiluke's Resilient Sphere until the pit fiend comes within range.


You can always tell me your fears, Percy.


Basically attach it to a piece of parchment. I want to wet it into a piece of parchment and let it dry so that when I set fire to that piece of parchment, I get a burn scar. I'd like to create a burn scar.


Ooh, it almost got me though.


You're quite a catch. You're quite a catch.


I give a pastry to him.


So is Nott the Brave.


You can transport there instantly.


We need to figure out if Fort Daxio is the place to send everyone, all right? We got to fucking check it out.


I'm jonesing pretty badly for a good book.


He's 150 feet away from us.


That's really good. That's really funny. Just hilarious.


You never could keep a lady. (laughter)


If he can do it, you can too!


I think we're back.


No. I'm good.


Second door on the-- Is there a door across the hall?


Does it look dark? Of course I am.


You have been.


What were you going to say, Percy?


We don't have watches.


All right, well, how about this? We can scry, between Pike and I, four times. So we can make four phone calls today.


I can sleep anywhere, but why aren't we going to sleep in the nice beds in the castle?


No, you'll still get disadvantage.


Let's burrow straight into the side, I think, to be on the safe side. Let's stop melting ice.


Do you think it's bad to give it to her?


Uh-huh, right, those guys.


Did I say something like that?


As long as I don't have to swim.


(flatly) Merry Critmas.


I am fully attuned.


I'm going to sit at another table and listen in.


Oh, I did it before you woke up.


Yeah, it can't fly too far.


I mean, it sounds a lot like what Delilah is going for.


I mean, I will tell you, but-- I will tell everyone, it's fine, but should we clean up or, I don't know, something?


Yeah, Yasha's up. She is going to make two attacks against Avantika. She'll move into melee with her and will make them both reckless attacks.


Oh, yes, then let's do that and get within melee.


I have to be on the opposite side.


It's 30-foot. Okay, at the very least, I'm going to get close and walk the-- Oh, yeah.


--that we have that.


The old serpent.


We'll build a bank. It'll just be us.


As he's doing this, I cast Fly on Thorbir, Keyleth, the cleric, and Vax. And myself.


Do the blades spin?


I'm gonna go around the corner to that other door.


The one with her face just sheared off?


Liar!


Are you saying what's in your head is different than what's in my head?


Wait, why did you need to change-- are you going to be up close and personal with him?


Natural enhancement, of course.


Are we staying in? For the, for a bit?


Rockcaller--?


Jumped right in.


Right through the door! Vomits him right through the door!


Do we have a word?


So 3d8.


Yeah, you did. You could have let us go. I wouldn't be telling you the truth if I didn't say I didn't consider it for a couple days.


Try this hakuna frittata. It's really good!


Is he a human?


(strained) Feels like rigor mortis.


Fey spiders, you son of a-- oh god, I keep hitting that, we got to fix that.


He does not need a pot on his head. Trinket, have a seat in this chair like a normal human.


That's what I was looking for. Can Keyleth take a peek and see what's up?


Yeah, we don't know this person, right?


I can actually!


All right, that's pretty tall, that's pretty high.


She still reads a lot.


If he didn't keep a ledger, you know. We wouldn't want to do that. It's rude not to accept a gift, right? It's rude not to accept a gift, right?


Give or take.


Did you take something?


And we can't dispel it, right? I'll dispel it.


Hey guys, I'm here! Did you know I was coming? (laughter)


Why do you say that like it was a bad thing?


He's got vials of acid in his Bag of Holding.


It was a long thing. And it was all about, shortly after me and my brother left our family of the elves and we were setting off on our own and he was off in the city and I was making camp outside of town, these people came into the camp and basically I trusted them too much, they kidnapped me and brought me back to their camp. And they were poachers on the black market. And I was in a cage and I could hear a large creature in pain, and through my own wiles I got out of the cage, took out the two hunters, and I went to see what animal it was, and it was a giant bear in a lot of pain. Unfortunately, it had been cut open from the middle, they had been harvesting the bear but they hadn't killed it, and it was really sad, so I felt terrible for it, and I put it out of its misery and felt really bad about it. And then I heard off to the side, a small animal make noise, and I realized it was its cub.


I used to work for them. Not anymore.


Well, your narrative was crude and the language not at all descriptive, but I think we have the building blocks to work with here for something that we could turn into, you know, like an essay. An essay of some sort.


Can I try and like self-defense--defend Caleb?


Antifreeze and lilac.


Do you want us to stay?


A mimic!


Maybe bring Allura and Gilmore in here, because we have that book that seemed very nefarious.


Is that the Resident Evil we worked on together?


No, you're still alive.


Do we have the mansion up?


Well, how do you mean?


Why are so many fucking people trying to skip town?


Have we ever heard this sound before?


Tree lag.


Can't talk at all.


Everybody earmuffs!


Uh-oh. Seven.


Also check out Battle Chasers Night War. It's a beautiful-looking game. I played it today.


Oh my god. We're not doing well.


You killed the sword and saved Grog's life, so I think you're pretty strong.


Come on, Caleb.


Doesn't feel good.


Yes, I did. Yeah, I cut his throat.


9,000 total.


Wow, that's a lot of cards!


Oh no, it's moving again!


Comforting.


No! I've never watched Harry Potter!


And when I'm about, I don't know, 30 feet away from him, I'm gonna-- because I'm hasted I get 120 feet of movement just for regular movement.


Oh, why didn't you say something? You're standing there making us very nervous.


My armor class is 20, so they both hit me.


That is a 23 for perception.


Just kill him!


Hope we don't miss one. Travel the world.


No, I know how to do it.


Let's get it off your foot. I'll help her pull it off.


Good to know. Let's see, I'm running out of spells. Let's see. I can't do this anymore because


No, we're on the world.


We catch any of their eye at all?


We can't do anything in here.


Is this normal? Is this a sea monster?


Were you going to say anything else? Because I'll talk to you in private.


We could also just ask her to drop it.


I could also summon Schmidt.


Ah, oh Jesus. Okay.


So much good for one shitty--


You're welcome! Yeah, I forgot to get that sheet when I was home, of the Blessing of the-- wings. Wonderful wings.


I'll follow him.


Wait, no! Wait! I try to give him a kiss before we leave, before getting dragged out.


Not really, but close enough.


Yeah, I don't think we help him. We just (whoosh).


I bet she's a fucking clone.


The heartache for our lost money.


Okay. Any guards? Anything around?


Oh, that's a lot, yeah.


Does the portal only close after a couple seconds?


Vex or I can find it.


I know, but work needed to be done.


Did the lady ever say anything when she was casting, or was it just touching?


And obviously hungry for power.


Range 120 feet. A flash of light streaks toward a creature of your choice within range. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the target takes 4d6 radiant damage and the next attack roll-- okay. Yeah, make a spell ranged attack plus ten, because it's Pike. Yeah, you've got to attack. Yo, here's the white die you gave me. 13 plus ten is 23.


Let's just do this directly, I think.


Totally. You know, if you want to, Keyleth, when we go, we'll all follow your orders and make it seem like you're an extraordinary leader of us.


Oh my gosh. Wait a minute. Does this mean the silver I won from you was actually copper?


25? That's it?


You want to jump from really high?


Do they get any stronger when they come back, or are they always the same?


What did you do, Marisha?


He's going to go hang with the Ruby.


Where did it go?


I accidentally stuck an axe in the back of a guy's head. I didn't mean to though, I was aiming for his shoulder.


I don't know what my dex is. I'm looking. AC, dexterity of ten, so he rolled a 15. Did not.


I know! They've saved my life, you know. And I've saved theirs because I'm a really good cleric. Did you know that I do that now?


I grab my earring and I say, Tiberius, where are you?


Because he's going to tunnel in that tunnel.


Obviously doesn't give a shit about me any more.


Of course it's minimalizing, have you met me? Everything I do is minimalizing.


Okay. Plan B.


I just thought of one thing for you, right? I went fishing this one time--


Because he knows everything about everyone.


How close can I get to the hole?


Thank you. I'd better get drunk, then.


(laughs) Pretty damn close to impossible.


Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo the third. All right.


You know there are multiple times we'd all be dead if it weren't for you. You know that. You know that! And the same could be said for any of us, that's true, but you take any one piece away, and the tower falls. Jenga, man.


It's a real good map.


I typed in the bracers and they showed up with an image.


Okay, so. I'm hidden behind Grog so it should be sneak attack, and I'm the first to go so it's a crit.


Pop-Pop Wilhand? It's Pike!


Are you not entertained!?


Tim Burton?


Sorry, it's a humid 60 degrees.


No, they said, "Burn it all."


I didn't write it. Wait, no, it says 1d6 fire damage. Another two points!


I'm asshole adjacent.


Yeah, that's a one.


Oh man, this is fun.


Shitballs. We're going to die.


Fuck off, ghost.


If we run, then we'll drop the sticks.


It's a notebook! It's somebody who was figuring this out as they were writing it!


No, it is suspicious, but it's distracting.


In Gnome, I say, it has been lovely making your acquaint-anus. (laughter)


Man, that is rough. We've been hearing little murmurs of action-- what direction is it?


That's the helmet we found in the graveyard!


She's not moving. She can't move and she takes five damage.


I guess. This is supposed to be against a creature, not against an item.


(laughs) When Grog becomes Popeye.


Then he is knocked prone.


It's, I don't even know, a big--


Okay, so I’m going to cast Cure Wounds on myself.


And do I take half that or no?


Ja. Five.


We haven't even gone to Marquet!


No, we bought those magic mushrooms.


Zac.


To get all of us through.


Can I reactionary real quick, take my Grasping Vine and just lift him and kind of put him in the corner to keep the general safe?


I love the way you lawyer your way out of every situation.


Does it matter on a one?


Here, Marish. What do we got?


You'll learn new spells this way.


Trinket's there too.


As Ioun wills it, yes.


(shushes) Everyone be quiet! MATT How long is the concentration on Pass Without a Trace? How long can you hold that concentration?


Can I have a pencil! I got to write this shit down. Pencil!


Oh, plus three. 34.


Man, so much blind rage.


Can we see a top to this chamber?


We've had a short rest, and we'll do a quick search. Can you do a Detect Magic spell, Caleb?


Let's be all full, though. We can be full.


Hmm. The fretching on that one was probably not very good. Let me try again.


I Immediately turn visible.


Find out about these beasts on D&D Beyond!


Can you use Mending on him?


The dog's going to piss everywhere.


Just for emergencies.


He didn't use any sort of legendary thing, Matt?


It's black. It's not green, blue, or purple. It's black text. It took me a second to realize.


I crouch down.


That's good. Ugh. Nine.


Oh! We're all jacked up from before, right?


And my last attack. 23?


What are you doing? Stop attacking! Get out of the fire!


Oh. I will trail behind.


We are skipping past the fact that two men are dead right now.


It was such a surprise.


Yeah, where are they best affixed to wear our bling?


Give me that chair.


Oh right, I can't disguise myself anymore, though. Can I borrow a cloak or something?


Apricots, Fjord.


Trying to earn points with us, or what?


Nah, it's cool. We can go back.


Recess the wall, recess the wall!


Get that silver tongue of yours ready, all right?


I stealth, hide. Bonus action to hide. I'm going to use Luck. That's better. 27.


I think it was Orly.


I'll ride the rope up.


I could Beast Shape into something that's natural--


Oh, magic shit.


Pull Matt Key.


Okay, wait. Let the masters work here.


I'm not grappled?


I know. I know, I'm afraid these rogue tendencies I've been learning from you, brother, maybe rubbed off a little bit. No, I just, I know I shouldn't have.


Like the puppy thing wasn't enough? Come on!


I know you're very fine and you're very capable.


What's something that they would chase after?


Well I was going to say Vax the Nine-Toe.


In your roving pirate days.


I'm going to hold my turn to wait for the efreet to encounter Scanlan.


What about the gemstones? Those are up high. I'm staying away from those.


Well, that's why I'm wondering if I feel around underneath me to try to find some kind-- do I find a loose stone? Do I find a pebble? Can I find anything to grab?


Can we hear?


Do you have any advice to get into voice acting? Learn to act, study acting, go to where the work is, keep acting, in anything, in fucking anything. Go to where the work is. Act.


Never-ending rope doesn't grow on trees, though.


Yeah, no, I'm over cloak.


DC. What do you mean?


Can Pike see undead in there?


(laughing) That's bad? Oh man.


I'm so excited about this new character I'm working on.


It feels bad?


I want to do cold damage.


I cast Alter Self real quick and I turn myself into, I believe, gold. Because that's the red-- equivalent of red. On the metallic scale.


I want to confirm an intuition and use my last Divine Sense and feel undead.


45, holy shit.


There was that one book on the desk.


Is Vax here?


(still squealing)


I feel like I'm either very unlucky or cursed, and I don't believe in luck.


He's still charming.


Yes! Also, a bunch of fucking assassins.


I used it up last week!


Just keep going.


Yeah! Your ears are huge compared to mine!


Oh, right. Well, then I'm going to not do that. I'm going to cast Obelisk of Stone and then quicken spell and then I'm going to do a Firebolt. That's what I'm going to do.


I don't know if we should go back. There's too many bad people around there. What if I run into the tribe? What if someone from the village sees me? They hate goblins.


Yeah, at the ceiling.


It's KASH-aw.


I'm going to put up because I think that these two need it.


We're ready to burn.


Damn. From one of the ballistas?


We've practiced one.


She bound and gagged me and threw me on the back of a horse. That's how you brought me home?


Okay. Nothing there.


Wait, top of the round?


Which is really frustrating, and there's not a lot I can do. I am going to-- fuck, man, this is such a bad call.


Shuttered? Wooden shuttered closed?


(yells) What did you roll?


It smells like poop?


We sneak up. Is it auto-crit if it's a sneak attack?


This was just fucked from the first.


Right, so those 19 go first.


77?!


He is not restrained. I'm going to use my second attack.


Okay. Let's go under the tent.


We did a lot. We did well.


But then, any city we go into, won't they lock us in that city?


What do you mean, it's not a big deal? That's the part that I'm confused about!


With this?


If you want to make your ways around, I could distract them for a moment, have a conversation with them.


I'm the worst influence. I'm going to say do it.


I've got some remnants of a lovely beard. And I try to smush it onto his chin.


I think we need to discuss the fact that that was just very inappropriate and I am here as a leader and I think that that was just not right, we are better than that.


You're not going into town, why are you going into town? We dug a giant pit in front of the main entrance.


What is the basis of reading that thing?


I'm going to find Tooma. Is she behind us?


Oh my gosh, I love it.


I like the little gingerbread, with little lederhosen and they got little goats and reindeer in lederhosen.


Oh, fuck. I just caked my pants.


I can talk, but I can't hear you. I can talk and hold her hand so she can stop me from prat-falling all over myself.


I'll just take one.


She's full-on reading it!


Because this is civilization. This is--


(spitting sound)


(singing) You’ll be great.


What was the necklace, while we're here?


Yeah. It was a giant battle.


I don't want to kill Travis.


Uh, guys, Vax is going to go kill something.


Somebody hit her. Hit her!


She doesn't know about J'mon Sa Ord.


Than I use arcane recovery. That's all I wanted to ask, if I had time.


All part of the plan.


I'm going to go get my cat! I go up.


The dragon's undead.


Of course I do. They've been scrappy for long enough. They can be scrappy for another week or two.


Any tracks in the dirt?


I will run towards the exit.


Stanneras.


Why don't you take one?


Another Sharpshooter shot.


No, I have to be naked all the time.


Eat it, troll! Then I am going to use my bonus action to ring a spiritual bell and Toll the Dead!


I've stepped in the door, by the way, of the mansion.


Are their weapons here?


Thorbir steps back and blocks the door.


You speak Undercommon?


How many of us are down there?


You're doing great!


I have a prayer to give.


What do you have to do in Vasselheim first?


I sure would hate to have to report this to Bryce. I think they'd be pretty upset about it.


Yeah, there's a portal there, right? And isn't one of the vestiges in the Fey?


We did. Yeah. And you got a brilliant new sword.


Grapple.


I'll slowly emerge from the shadows.


2d6 cold.


One bell for each head.


Highly erotic.


I'm going to pull back, and I'm going to get ten feet in front of Caleb, right between Caleb and the insect. No, the other side of that. Right there, to make a wall there.


Never mind! I put my shirt back on.


You included the horse.


You're carrying the football, man.


It was never your sword, was it, Grog?


That was a good one, though.


Delilah, don't make me hurt you.


Yeah, give us something.


Can I keep coming this way a little bit more? Yeah, right there. I reach back, and as I start to swing my hand up, I'll summon the Wastehunter falchion and slice up through it.


This is ridiculous.


I was wherever those bodies where, because I was kneeling down and looking at them.


Four hours! Specifically, Misti did a lot of our beauty makeup, Bianca did Travis, and Heather did all of our ears. Because ears take a lot of time!


Do you want to throw the rod at the column?


(gasping)


That's 28 times two plus seven.


I think it's the mom.


Oh, shit. We have to do stuff?


As someone who actually has towns that they can't re-enter again for reasons, that we will go into later, over booze-- it's best to keep a clear reputation.


Yeah, I'm going to climb up.


How much does he weigh?


At speed of mule.


I'm staying in their space, by the way.


We have a hard time keeping track of everyone that we hire and fire.


I'm going to write and send a letter off for that.


All right. I'm going to start walking towards that wyvern at the bottom there-- Yeah, that way, I'm not going to get quite close enough to get into the reach of that jerk over there--


If you're curious, the person it belonged to is dead.


Those guards are killing more than we are.


Did he make a constitution save against the last one?


Heist-type maintenance workers uniforms?


It could take days to potentially melt the ice, right?


What am I doing Thursday night!? (laughter)


I'm sure I don't know. The reason there is a brand on my back is because I interceded. Some other schmoe died instead of you. You might be a bit of a sore point with them. I don't know. They might not remember, but I don't think that's true, I think they'll remember.


Yeah. Not feeling that whole time.


Wait, if I put the holy oil on things, it lasts for a few hours, right? It lasts for half a day or something?


You did your job.


No guilt.


Okay, keep going. I'm into it, though. This has to be important!


Molly, I expect you to lead this escapade. Please, lead on.


So, let's have a failsafe in case a few get across the bridge.


I am very hurt. Can I get up? Am I prone?


Am I prone or anything? I'm about to get hit by a goblin or something, aren't I?


Okay, well, there's that.


O for six in the series and you crank one at the bottom of the ninth.


Hello? Please. (sighs) Something terrible has happened. I don't understand how these games work. I need help to fix something. Something terrible has happened! You obviously care little for this world. I start to back out.


What protections do you have on the tower?


Scanlan says he can.


Good morning, sister. These are my friends, Vox Machina.


That's cute.


He has to make a wisdom saving throw or take 1d12 necrotic damage.


Seahorses!


Suppose I should.


It feels like it was-- like it's a one-of-a-kind watercolor. Like that's what it-- up close, it's crazy.


A fuckton of old notes.


--but I still can't see?


25, plus whatever the explosive damage is.


I don't think a few people were crying, I think everyone was crying.


I don't know. Maybe he's dumb.


Cracked the case. Fjord, are you as crazy as she is? Because holy shit.


You're going to Aldar? Algar? Al Gore?


Is anyone watching?


But we can navigate through?


He posted on Instagram six weeks ago and that was it.


I feel like it's not what we think it is.


Yeah, keep going straight ahead.


Deep into the tunnels.


It's a lot to send somebody in a birthday card.


Okay, ah! 4d6, ah! Eight, ten, 13.


Drop the sword.


As a leader I choose not to pursue this any more, but I will register my disapproval, and I think we should just proceed, I'm very, I'm very vexed.


It's like Dragonball Z fighting now.


It's just a bunch of pieces of hair.


What if we're in the middle because we're so heal-y?


You see, Percival played a little bit of a prank on me, and I got him back.


I need your most fine arcane ink and I also need your finest paper. I need about 150 gold worth of materials. Is that too much to ask?


It is definitely sneak attack.


Do we? Do you?


Back on the road again.


They mostly said that I missed you and that we were going to Nicodranas and we were heading over to find out more stuff about-- I don't remember what we're even doing here in Nicodranas anymore.


All right. First one is 13 to hit.


Do I roll with advantage because Molly is helping?


Yeah, a constitution saving--


Fair enough. That's very impressive.


Can I smell the black stuff on him?


Like Spider Climb?


No, it's just a push spell, but it's radiant damage thing. But you guys are behind the glass.


You shut up, you. (laughter)


Oh, I was just about to ask you the same thing.


We're all stuck on a single piece of rock.


We're still doing a do-si-do, by the way, while we're having this conversation.


She said, "I have a power that kills all evil people around me."


Shh! (laughter)


The hit points are phenomenal.


And Yasha.


Oh, do I? That's fine, that hits, that's 36.


If we go back, where are we going? Where were we?


So go pee, but watch it at the break, it's really important.


It's like the House of Cards of porno.


No, I rolled a one.


How fucked would that be? So fucked.


While the fancy people are talking, I walk over to Grog and say, big man. You've got mud or something on your face. Come here. And I take my hand and I wipe across his forehead and smear out what I did.


For the service of boarding the animals?


If she comes out here, what are we going to say to her?


The second one. Reckless, great weapon master.


Frumpkin starts to lovingly gnaw with his beak on the upper chin of Algar.


Oh no, and if you start to lose hope, your horse sinks into the mud and it's gone forever.


That's actually, yes.


I use my Earring of Whisper to Vex. Cool it down.


The V on this shirt?


Yeah, I want to try doing it and see if it sticks to the weapon or if it cuts through.


Some pieces of wood!


I'm watching people get squashed in front of me. Freaking kill box.


Barring traffic.


I don't like being touched.


There's a d10.


Okay, yeah, so, first one is a 15?


Can I have something of yours, at least until we see each other again? (sounds of distress)


(fearful yelp) I will shout out, Fluffernutter! I'm going to go back behind the pillar and hide.


Let's have a little fun.


There's no sense repeating.


Right, so the dragon's got booty, right?


From New York. This is a 3,000 mile--


Remember when we split up for the Slayer’s Take? He was our contract.


You did that?!


Yeah, but doesn't mean he have to go to it.


I don't have any potions.


(laughs) Oh, did you buy that off a little caravan?


Should we-- I just walk up. I'm just going to ask for a room, and just go up.


Yeah. We're just going to slog. Slog it out, man, slog it out. (laughter)


When Fjord's taking a bath, I'm going to go through his stuff and try to find his letter.


I'm going to see if I can think of it. 14.


Was I supposed to say stuff about the High-Richter?


I was, too.


I have the keys, but none of them were working.


All right, who did we send to Alaska? Who was that? Was that Flo Rida?


Oh, excellent.


I don't want anything you offer.


I would call him more of a shock of white. I mean, he's a striking character. He's got three dimples, one you can't see. Two are pretty deep in his face and can be menacing, unless he's smiling.


Scanlan, would it say 'reaction' here?


How much does the biological bag hold?


The multiple blue jobs.


Thanks for that. (laughter)


Twiggy, 50 feet behind everyone else.


What is the other half?


Can you transform into anything?


I guess I could talk to them?


Is that doubled?


That's including the ten.


Well, I farted right before I hopped out. (laughter)


Caleb, why are you so hung up on just changing clothes for, like, ten minutes, just to get through the door?


They're a signature character of Dungeons & Dragons. They represent D&D.


It's okay. It's cool.


Anaheim.


Frumpkin's hair gets poofed out and his tail floofs out and he starts growling at the sound.


Try some milk. That always helps.


He's helping.


It's this, but gray.


Do we know which way we're turning everything now?


Yeah, we came out and told you that.


Get on the wyvern and kill the other one.


I'm definitely going to sit on the ones that are just for decor.


I'm well aware. It was totally worth it.


Is she over?


Hang on a second, I can do tremors in the ground.


18!


We're going to build a fish cage. Vasselheim's going to pay for it.


We'll beat his ass later.


What do I do? Lorenzo hasn't been hit yet, has he?


Lucien's not going to answer any questions. Molly will answer every question you have later.


I can't throw my card on the fake ground. They'd fall.


I'm a big fan of Brian, I have a feeling that's a good bet.


No. It's much grosser in real life. And more terrifying, and so badly planned. (laughter)


Punisher skulls.


Now, see, we don't know what kind of healing potion that is, and those other two vials could have-- there is an expiration date on those things. And how long have you had it?


I've got him notched on the arrow.


Inspiration! Plus ten!


How did they know we were here?


Can I have a handful of ball bearings?


Jaja.


Yeah. Wait. 21.


If I may, we passed a test for you. Would you pass one for us?


I'm going to join Molly, I think someone needs to be upstairs. You guys stay.


Yeah, ditto kiddo. It galls me to do this because I will only be able to do it the one time. Fuck it. I pull out the scroll of invisibility that Calianna gave me and recite a few words and I am gone.


I don't even have any money.


Here's a cube. Have a cube.


I need a knife or scissors.


Well, they can find theirs while we get our tunnels collapsed.


Go in there.


I'm going to keep an eye out, see if there's any movement in the fields while he's attuning his armor.


No, but it does matter, because you are a young child and you need to get your rest, and we are going to be doing things that are, quite frankly, not for your eyes.


(laughs) Oh, I did see this.


But he could go apeshit on us.


I would like to attempt to go into Frumpkin, the one-ounce elf owl, if possible.


Is it only 800? I thought it was 8,000.


See if I can get a better look.


So with me, it's my dexterity modifier. Plus two.


Okay, great, wow, I'm glad to say this. Welcome back, the cast of Critical Role!


She's a unifying entity.


Shit. Well, can I stand up first?


Aim high!


I-- boof! Boof! Boof! I want some feather-down pillows for our loft. I channel all of my Fire Ashari ancestors. And I cast my 7th-level Firestorm!


Yeah! Ashley Johnson! Blindspot!


Trinket runs and stands next to Keyleth.


I was trying to defend the table.


I would like to Command him to be visible. Reveal himself.


I did roll a natural 20.


Whoosh. Worcestershire sauce.


Yeah. I suppose I get sad. Are you sad, Jester?


You didn't want to just walk for six days and walk back for six days?


And I go (whoosh) and Grasping Vine him, and throw him right into Grog's hands.


I'm really good at the waltz.


Should I give him a boost?


Okay, I'm going to try and take a shot and blow the lock.


Part of an action? All right, great. I’m going to thank the Raven Queen for my family and cast Lay on Hands on myself, take back 5 hit points. I see Mythcarver on the ground. I’m going to grab it and use my movement to stand, and I also noticed that we’re flanking Hotis, so I’m going to sneak-attack the motherfucker up the back.


Diversion, scatter, grab, and run.


Boulder always wins.


Alduin. "A small thank you for what you're doing, it's awesome. Keep it up." RGcanok #CriticalRole.


Too late, I already put it on his mouth.


This is the guy we've needed this whole time!


We don't want that.


But it would really help.


Okay. A single scale is chipped away.


Natural 20 for the third. Do I get to pick which one is the--? Okay, so the first one hit, which is sneak attack, so that is four plus seven is 11, plus-- 14, 17, 23, 25-- 31 for the first hit. Second one, which was a hit, is-- which part gets doubled?


I will cast Healing Word, or Scanlan Two will cast Healing Word at 2nd-level for you.


I'm going to disappear back into the woods.


I don't know. I don't know if it would ground him for one second or not. I don't know. That's why I'm asking the DM.


To make them impossible to--?


That's not enough!


So these trammels need to be made out of platinum. You know how to do it, right?


Whoa, daddy. All right.


She needs to be appropriately consecrated, obviously.


David Bowie! Labyrinth!


Ones and twos.


We still haven't gone there, have we? We've heard about it, like, seven times!


Okay. Performance for peeing in the snow.


Arrow range?


Is it mine?


Should we just go out, then?


Maybe we can land there, and then we can send the broom back to you.


Does it look like the same black metal as in the tomb?


Mm. A creature that steals its victims' minds and digests them, reaches right in and takes them out.


Percy's thinking very clearly. He's fine.


Well to get out of a stockade, we'll need some cunning. And cunning-- And cunning.


Yeah, I might've fucked that thing up.


Dis city.


Where's everybody at?


I don't think I should go late in the game, but I feel capable of this challenge.


That's your job. Bust the door open.


He can't get the bone or stuff, I hope.


Your sense of humor is your best quality.


I'll take a look around to see if there's anything, where they started or anything like that?


Is he gone, is he dead?


Trinket's in my hands.


Roll for damage.


Okay, eight damage on the first one. And second one, same exact roll. 19 again.


Can you use bulette armor to make more bullets?


No. All right.


Well, yes. I want the teeth, also.


Do you have a good way to get into the Tri-Spire?


Fucking Gil.


Yeah, can I aim for one of its tentacles that is functioning?


It's fine; I'm putting it away.


Don't die anymore.


No, no, I just--


To burn?


Maybe they are.


21 stealth.


You said Superman punch, man.


We could. As you guys know, Wilhand is a little-- he's in his older years.


Yeah, but he was evil. Not happy time?


Or a fortress or something.


I'm going to do that. I'm going to do more attack because of Haste!


How much were the superiors again?


What do you think? Is it stupid to go and ride hard and try to get there and back before--?


Uh-oh. Something's happening.


She's also being controlled.


No! Not at all! (laughter)


So because people just manifested the god as a bear, it slowly turned into a bear?


I don't think we did.


I got 12.


I'm going to investigate, too, because I was looking for furniture.


Yeah, just to get a little cover. Thank you!


Well, that's phenomenal that you've come to terms with it! I don't know about the rest of us in the room that all watched you die, though.


Come on, Burt Reynolds!


And you add ten.


I saw her when she was interrogating me in my home.


Yeah, I'm really sorry. Sorry.


Well, you know, I think maybe you have guessed it before now, but I care a great deal for you, and that is no small gift. Thank you.


Just like her.


He's just a sociopath, that's all. [no audio]


Fix. Us. They're tiny.


Can I use that?


All right. I'm going to kick my way back up to the boat.


Do I have to roll to do that? Right?


I'm moving along the back wall. I want that illithid.


Sit down, you dickless wonder.


-- the Strongjaw Ale shirt design, which will be on sale tomorrow at our Wondercon panel and the Geek and Sundry store as well.


And if you can find a place to pop back into existence 30 feet away.


Yes! I don't know what else to ask her, guys. I don't know what else to ask her.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm real cranky so I need bandages, and maybe some bondage, and just all the women.


Yeah, but she doesn't like me very much.


Well, the guy next to me might hit me, but whatever!


Oh yeah, why don't we slam the gate with Nefertiti? Let's see if we can find something she can hit.


It's really exotic stuff.


We're pretty far away.


I come back in with a big bag of ice.


Yeah, one thing. Do we want to take the battle to them down here? Or do we want to try and lure them outside?


No, it's fine. I will get there and she twitches a little bit. Come on! Quickened Levitate on Beau. I'm going to try and lift Beau up. If there's a tree line above, I'm going to try and fling her up to the tree line.


You are the expert.


I'm really tapped out. Not looking good.


Yeah, why not? Wouldn't hurt.


Yeah, I'm out.


Almost made a bet if Febron was going to make it.


But one thing that has been lacking is a sense of spectacle. Of human achievement. Of record breaking. So tonight I'm going to attempt something that's never been attempted before. I'm going to do the Loot Crate copy read here. While drinking an entire Coca-Cola.


So that other stuff is upstairs.


Pa'tice, I am so sorry for the late intrusion. We've just gotten back from the plane of Elysium, so we're a little tired. Yeah, we're fighting a god right now, well, more of like a demi-god, so have you heard of Vecna? Sorry, I'm probably getting ahead of myself. Do you have any food? Let's talk over dinner.


Nasty!


You want to go back? I could try to hack at it with my axe.


Hey, can you hear me?


Some other voice starts coming out of him.


See, I'm having a hard time myself getting through to Caleb, so I feel like it's hard for an asshole to teach an asshole.


Did they leave anything on the ground? Did they leave anything? Did they drop anything?


The Ass Sailor?


This is why we don't have you as DM.


It's so good. I saw it yesterday and today because I just couldn't not watch it again.


What kind of liquid is this lake made of?


Or see if it's locked.


Just to give us a visual.


I tag along with Beauregard.


We tangled with him. Our first run in with Aldor was not fortuitous.


I have been dreading this for years.


Like a big triangle hat.


Yay. Hey, that's what I rolled when I was trying to check things out.


Where we going?


Is there anything we're missing?


That's a lot of names. Very long names.


Do you wanna be something and pop in my pocket? (laughs) That sounded wrong.


I want to try to lockpick, too.


Come on. Big roll. 13 plus nothing is 13.


It was just, chain devils know, period.


Am I there yet? I'm exhausted.


All right. I'll do a 2nd-level, and I'll touch your face so I can heal all the little glass shardy things.


Oh my god. That's right.


I don't know what to do. There's this woman; she's apparently nice and I could go for it and marry her, and then it seems like all my family problems would be okay.


Well, I should be getting my rest.


Caduceus, Caduceus Clay. It's a pleasure.


Roll high, golden snitch.


The flaggy thing?


Not yet we haven't.


What if we bring out an entire fucking city of undead dwarves upon us?


To five? Oh, ten is reduced?


That is not the verbiage that I chose at all.


I love that you "lost" the printed-out, e-mail letters in our move.


Ew, get that away from me.


Let's take them on. I feel like I've never felt. You and me, let's take them.


(hum "Axel F")


Especially that back wall.


I'll tug on the line and get myself pulled back up into that boat.


Yeah, I think he deserves that. He's been good to us.


I'm not a leader.


If there is an office.


I'm going to shout out  Hey Keg, we got a runner! I don't know if she heard me or not.


Yes, and then we can compare and let you know.


I can use my bonus action to heal somebody, if someone wants it. Actually, how about this? I used my bonus action to ask what the shit was this.


You just see a windmill of legs.


I see you're working the late shift.


I listened to it on my ride today. Your ads are funny. You introduce an ep, I introduce an ep.


Hello. Did you have a good time today?


Well done, everyone, by the way.


You're not there.


That's all we need.


And I have tried to. And I certainly have reason for these five names. They are not good people. These are not people who should be allowed to live.


Also a 19.


I don't know what to say. I was expecting to have to bury some more bodies.


Sexy pictures.


I think that's a good call that I agree with as the leader of this group.


It must look so strange next to the ruined city of Emon.


No pings? Okay.


I lost control of my elemental.


So they have to make a dexterity saving throw.


The guards? They're keeping your daughter?


Demedan! Ooh!


Go to sleep!


No wait wait wait! Cast it on me! I'm a squirrel in her pocket.


It's underneath the tables.


It was D&D ramen.


Boink.


I would hate to remove you from your duties. Plus, my companions are also interested in the same. You said there might be--


I got undead vibes from this guy?


Are we time bandits now? Is that what's happening?


We could make our way to the outskirts of town.


You're pointing at the screen.


Why is that bad?


Sign it somebody else’s name.


It felt like getting called into the principal's office. You're like, "Fuck."


I rolled a d20 plus ten, right? Oh, plus my-- that's why, I was like, it seems low. 27.


Make some noise!


Use it in good health.


Ten. (laughs)


All right. Should be enough. I'll do an actual scrying spell.


Well, that is also true, but it also is what it is. It's the empire.


Why don't we cast it on the rod?


Would I know anything?


Okay. What's happening? Where am I?


As soon as Caleb looks up, I look in his book. What is your book about?


Yeah, why is he still in that cell?


I don't know, can I understand her?


What do you guys think? Would you rather wait two weeks?


Oh my god, that was a perfect Laura. I thought she was here!


We're going to be doing a video very soon going to 826 and telling you guys all about it. But yes, they're a great charity, so yes.


But you'd need to know a tree that's there.


That would be a bad case scenario, 'cause I'm really slow, in that case.


Yep. Is--


(strained) I'm dead.


I feel like this is trying to read the Matrix, it goes so fast. "I want that jacket."


See? It's amazing. Every time. Every time.


How far away are you?


Maybe Matt forgot the quality of Lesser Restoration?


I could be like that pilot at the end of Independence Day that's just flying up into the-- (laughter)


He can last forever, so just as long as you need him. He'll wash whatever you need. He has motor skills. Not fine motor skills, but he could try to sew something if anything was ripped.


And Kashaw, wherever he is.


I need a volunteer!


I give the Sun Tree a little pat.


(laughs) 11? Wait, is that my--


Ja I can relate, but just do it.


(sings) Yeah.


Are you double guns weasel and dog?


Instajur and mystery guy, thanks!


And the belt. What's the other? Oh, and my--


(laughter) That's how you hold a greatsword?


He burned two of them.


I'm using my Mage Hand to poke her in the face.


That's me, yes, what?


Getting a good night's sleep on a field of grass. How are you doing?


Toastmasters.


We do!


She's a half orc.


I do have it here.


You have to learn humor, Doty. Sarcasm.


If you guys are fine with it, I think we can check back in to repay our debt to Senokir another time?


Sure. That's what we're looking at here.


(chicken noises)


How is she so cool?


Yes, money would have solved this.


The first one misses. That was it. So, the first two were terrible. That's terrible. That's also terrible. I whiff. I just (whooshing).


Okay, so I'm going to do a clear.


And on YouTube on Wednesdays. On our Crit Role YouTube.


Maybe a birthday card.


Loo! No!


I did it a little in college. It's fun.


I forgot my birthday. I don't know how old I am.


Come on, gnome!


And I technically have one 7th-level spell, so if we want to go into the mansion and then I can Plane Shift us home, we can do that. Or wherever we want.


We can?


Caligula's living room, I can do.


Okay, he doesn't hit on the first one. But the second one, he gets a 21!


What if it brings attention?


That could have been the fairy tale section of the library.


On incense?! And that five sticks was five silver's worth?


Jester, I don't think anyone is the warden.


Is this a thing?


No, because he'll know you're casting magic and then he'll come back at you.


As a seasoned magic expert, you're going to have to be pretty fucking close to do that, friend.


I'm hungry!


An erinyes.


Scanlan! I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want!


Yeah, but I don't think it's safe to touch those things.


Already? Eight points to me?


Can we see the source of the sound? Can we see what's causing that yet?


Are we doing this now?


That was strength, too?


And then you met the right person while training to be an actor.


Yes, I am. We went up there, I thought.


Do something funny.


What is that crazy expression?! (laughter)


I'm going to load up my flashlight with one of those Daylight gems, but with the lens fully closed, so no light can escape.


First  do we have any dynamite?


Wyrmwood Gaming, you know them already because we talk about them non-stop, friend of the show. If you use the code CritRole, you'll get free shipping. Also Wyrmwood Gaming has a kickstarter up this month for their Sentinel box, which holds--


So 40 pounds? I'll mark that down.


I'm so proud you know what that is.


He's gotta be taller than six feet.


And I must decree there will be no utensils used when you dine of this sublime dish.


Grog's going to bite his head off.


Oh my god, they're right there.


I'm pulling Percy aside. I hear you, but this is a city that has existed here for a long time. Vecna didn't create this city. Vecna doesn't own these people. This is a fucking mountain that existed and now they're going for a ride. What do these people have to do with Vecna?


We're all Seemed differently; it's very strange.


Great! I slept really good.


Oh no, we haven't had another feast yet.


I take her braid and I start wringing it out.


No. I normally don’t,


Yeah. It's the weirdest thing, by the way, you being cold. I mean, it's just something to get used to.


Yeah yeah yeah!


On the sword.


Is it an object? I guess it's inanimate now.


Choose your quarters?


Fire Bolt.


You can stand on water right now..


I don't see Twiggy. I heard her voice.


Fuck. Okay.


We need to get these off of you immediately. But you look really, really cute. And I scratch his little ears. How dare--


Yeah, it's like a parrot on a pirate's shoulder.


You could say "dance" and he would just start dancing.


Is the helmet attuned? It is, isn't it?


Oh, I did, for the attack! Never mind. Never mind. That's literally everything I can do.


I think I need the glasses.


Do we need Pass Without A Trace?


I'm averting my gaze, but I know where it is.


And there's a pillar between you and me in the middle of a 30-foot stretch.


Jeffrey--


I was waiting for him to go, "Bill Murray."


Trinkets are pretty great.


We both wasted our fucking 9th-level spells.


(sings) And so I come to you with Inspiration.


Mine sucks. Natural one.


That was Nott, the Bravest.


I say a little prayer, and I take a big dump on the floor.


Well, not in that fucking place, shit! Somewhere better.


I have illusion and transmutation.


Now that just got weird.


I'm back. (laughter)


Just a reminder that I can't ride the carpet.


I'm pulling out daggers and standing behind my sister. Grog. Grog, let it go.


My darling.


Just let Grog deal with this butthole.


Nope, can't trust you. I will just burn all my actions to do it myself.


You know, because the more I think about it, I mean, we almost just died many times and the last time we tried to get a Vestige it almost killed us, and maybe we just need a little bit more preparation, maybe?


I mean, do we know anything? Have we ever heard about the woods of Herethis or the Platinum Mines of Herethis?


The scars are cool!


Oh, we can't really ask Allura to do it. We stole the carpet from her in the first place. That would be a very bad move, I think.


You stick your hand in there all the time. No?


Oh no, d4. Sorry, not a four, but d4.


I was a little struggling in the beginning part.


Why am I not surprised?


That's great. That's exactly fine with me and I will pull out the diamond and cast Chromatic Orb, and I will send a ball of cold at the creature that Fee-ord-- Fjord--


Sure, what are friends for.


What's it do? What's it do? (explosion)


I mean, I tried to help her out.


What did you say? Morgen?


Oh, I can reroll a saving throw.


Can we fly down lower to where we're in between the trees?


If the Clasp were to vanish, something else would take its place.


Why did you go to Emon?


Obstacle course?


Have you lived here very long, because there's--


It's getting dark out here, and I'm tired.


Wait, did I do damage for the first one?


No! You can access it digitally on your computer, mobile, or tablet.


Are you just having party arguments right now?


She left us before we were ambushed in Alfield, and when she left us this time, we almost died in this plot to overthrow the empire, or whatever it was with Crick soldiers. Maybe it's related!


She's very fond of the carpet.


I say we go through the woods, but you're the leader.


And can I make my Retaliatory?


No keys to Ioun? You know where she is?


Okay, Nott and Brave Law Firm. Okay. And then what now? Do you have a seal or something? Because it would be sealed really fancy.


Can I hit her again?


They look like they're still going for it?


The jig is up!


Taking five.


Let's get him a steak or something.


(whispers) That's what he calls his dick!


You don't look like you're reading someone's mind when you're doing it, right?


Swimming in it.


Yeah, pretty uncool.


Red brick by the door.


No. That's a kill shot.


Is that how you pronounce her name? Doo-gara-gar?


Learn how to see in the bloody dark!


As we're in the air, I'm going to take the shield that I stole off my back, and slide it under Caduceus' butt like a-- (laughter)


My movement is 30. Just almost make it?


Is there anything loose down there that I can grab a hold of?


If he's a level one, you killed him.


I'm going to drop the ball bearing right at the edge of that stair so it (tings).


Can I try picking the lock?


We're going to try and take 48 hours to get as much done as humanly possible.


I just didn't want to come. I've just got other things to do. Shop online. I'm just busy, guys. Looking at Cute Emergency on Twitter, there's just so many more important things to do than this. Just kidding, that's not true.


Do you want to get closer and look? Are you sure--


We did not know about Avantika or her ship.


Wait, is Keyleth alive?


Fuck this. It's just that dismount at the end.


What are we being paid for this?


That was a teacher.


Good plug.


We have to roll higher than a 22?


Fjord, hold out your magic whatsit there. I command Fjord to give that to Schmidt, Schmidt takes it.


You said late morning? Midday? So we could at least go check out this prison and do some scouting before nightfall, yeah?


It's a lot like life. (all laugh)


What about scales?


They were a couple of sweethearts.


You already rolled.


And I'm going to, if I can peek around the corner, start lighting up Sunbeam. They're in a nice, pretty line, and I like it. It's hot. (laughter)


This is my favorite thing in the entire universe.


He?


We're going to the right.


I feel like we invented a new form of theater; it's weird.


I saw a ball of light. I saw you fall off the mast.


I take my fire hands and I see if I can light the gunk on fire.


Yes, it is. But I would know that. I'm not going to do that, because of my keen memory that Caleb has, but not Liam.


Well then, no. I'm still punishing you. (laughter)


Frozen in ice, man. It'll happen.


We're heading his direction no matter what.


And if I die, tell Pike I love her.


My armor is set to fire, so do I take one anyway?


I look at Gonad over at the side. I drink it, chug it down, and hold up the finger at the same time.


Doty, my apologies. He looks worn. Old, far older than your armor.


Oh no, I didn't, because we had decided on 150 gold per day. So, we went back quicker than we thought so three days back, five days there?


(deep voice) It's just me, guys.


We have the same middle name!


I also wrote down "chain devils know." I don't know what that note meant.


So I think that's pretty much it, thanks so much guys.


It's a friend?


Why are you asking me? I'm a bear. Notoriously bad at math.


Oh! Farpoint came out. So if you have PlayStation Virtual Reality System, then you can get Farpoint, and I play Dr. Eva Tyson on it, and it's actually a really freaking cool game.


Not from what I can see.


Sam Riegel, shut the fuck up!


Legends say that before the castle was built, that the journey into the valley was treacherous and stormy, and the original builders of Whitecastle feared they would die. And this one, great tree stood in the valley, and it was underneath it that they took shelter. And as they began to take shelter, the storm broke. And the storm did not return until the castle was completed.


That is mine!


It's too much.


Ren faire, ah!


This is okay.


I would love to come!


I don't think we have 30 minutes.


Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god.


We can only be so hopeful that they tear each other apart.


No, that was brief.


Let's get out.


Or extra attack.


Anything over a dollar, yeah.


Oh sorry, yeah, that's 21. 22, 22.


No. That's just fine.


No. We were ready to graduate, and the last test of our allegiance was-- I'm getting ahead of myself. I went on a trip home and visited my parents and when I was there, in the middle of the night, I awoke and overhead them talking, and went to the stair and listened to them talk about revolution and tearing the Empire down, and I felt disgraced and shame for my family. My mother and my father, who were so wonderful to me when I was a child, and were so happy for me to go to the Academy and believe in the Empire so much. I went back to the school and when the three of us were summoned and told what was expected of us, I knew what had to be done. We went to this other boy's home first, Eodwulf, and we stood by as he killed his parents. We went to Astrid's house, and had dinner with them, and she poisoned them. Then we went to my home and we grabbed a horse cart, and in the middle of the night, placed it against the door to the home and I set it on fire.


I don't suppose we have 700 feet of rope on this ship, do we?


You can taste it, can't you?


I think everyone's mostly fine.


Do we recognize this elf at all?


I assume there's clean clothes for everybody in their quarters?


Lord Grog. Emphasis on the Lord.


We're going to just keep going towards the town.


Non-lethal damage!


(disbelieving laugh)


Good. You're very lucky. Because you're going to live if you show us-- And I bring out a map.


I'm going to have nightmares about that.


I'm casting Mage Armor.


Matt, not to be a dick, but has anyone stepped on the trap on the floor?


No, the sweat thing bothers me.


Whoa. I love it when a line-up like that happens.


"Thanks!" I blow him a smoke kiss.


Every hundred feet or so.


How many days left?


No, I only used it once.


Is any of it, you know, magical?


I immediately turn and look to see if Sprigg is still holding my hand.


It was because I was listening to what he was saying. I was distracted. There we go. Okay.


I'll hang on to that. I need it.


You know, when we were in Zadash, we heard the town crier talking about kidnappings in Nogvurot. That's close to Shadycreek Run. Could that be the same people, do you think?


Oh. But you took the damage up top, you didn't take damage again after you got out of it. All right. I want to see if I can move. I'm having a hard time seeing, Matt. Can I get my full movement of 30 feet into this corner here?


Just stealth for us.


That's awesome!


I thought you did rage as a bonus action. Damn it.


So I'm going to-- do I get an action? No, Bigby's is a bonus action.


Tell us this. If we walk in with you into town, is that not good? Should you walk into town alone and we lurk in the shadows?


I certainly do. You don't have to tell me about repaying favors.


Glam rock.


Oh my god. Team half-elf! Yeah! This is me saying this, not Keyleth.


It's not an attack, okay. Then a strength saving throw.


Thanks, I appreciate it. I'm trying to keep her close. If she starts to suspect us, we'll be in trouble. If anyone feels uncomfortable with how things are going, please, let me know. My curiosity is not worth dying for or doing something you feel like you'd regret. I value what everyone thinks here.


You could also run closer and do it.


I back up a little bit. Yeah, like that. And I'm gonna cast Hail of Thorns on him.


14. Where are you?


Oh God, Grog! Grog, no!


Looking at Jasper's stats, I can tell.


(gasps) They won't pop back in your belt.


Okay. Intelligence check.


And then why not three? Okay, all right. Can we do a sweep for more?


Even more upset. I'm gonna move right in the space of this guy.


Let's all go home, have a drink, and discuss this over a drink.


And three more for Hunter's Mark.


I help. Trinket helps, too, because he's stronger.


I start yelling out  The third of the Fessuran is the end of the harvest!


He clearly had some sort of fucking dream. We know that.


I forgot to say this is the most pleasant experience I've ever had at a city building before. I could get used to this.


Do you know that I was going to go to that school one day?


Oh, not bad, yeah. Yeah. 14.


All right, that is kind of fucked up.


He has a very fair point.


And it's only been six seconds.


Okay, great. I'll give it a gentle tug. Does it seem like the structure moves at all?


Oh my God, this guy.


Did you just give away something amazing?


How did you see him?


You unlocked "Ravioli in Marquet!"


No I think we can...


It's more than we normally have.


Is Pass Without a Trace still kicking?


Can I just pull Keyleth aside as we come on land? And just say, I was very impressed with you. For a long time, I've harbored a bit of doubt, I'm sorry to say, and when you brought us away from the kraken, I was very angry and very fearful. But you've proven yourself, so much, and I want to say I'm sorry.


We explain the story of Vecna and tell him he's back.


Yeah, I'll find my way back down to the rest of them.


Probably inevitably.


Yeah, I'll do Mass Cure Wounds on you guys.


Steve Chua.


We've got to read it to you.


All of you?


Oh, I said I hid at the end of the episode. I said I hid.


Real talk with Zac. But thank you guys so much for doing this. The subscribers really wanted to do it, so hopefully you guys enjoyed as well. And we will come back next week.


We have to move it.


Did we not get anything for that?


She's holding onto him and we're riding there.


It's the same day we left? Oh, cool! We lucked out! Yay!


Oh, he's going to drink the whole cask down?


And I concentrate to see what it feels like.


You're just made of secrets, aren't you? Just made of secrets.


Yeah! We should go soon, though. Right?


Roll four of these.


God bless you. Gesundheit, Pelor. Man, all right. Well, jeez Louise.


I can get over there. Do we want gold?


Magic feather.


I don't think it's anything. I think it's just him tinkering.


She definitely--


That's more than six.


The stuff in the second chest.


To everyone.


I back up! I have my cloak on. And I'm going to go ahead and cast Stoneskin. That's what I do right now.


So say we all.


No songs to be sung. Just fucking another cloud in the fucking sky.


I dart back one step out of the room as it happens.


Well, we relied on your mate here. Couldn't have done it without her.


It's almost something like a Jacob's Ladder moment, the end of his life is being stretched out.


There are scary fairy stories, though, growing up?


I find dirt.


I pull a chair out for Asum, and I'm going to offer him the chair and sit. And pull one out extra for myself.


That's a cock.


I know that there's a hatmaker named Deirdre somewhere in the world.


Those gnomish thighs.


No, I packed Feeblemind.


I'm gonna use it at the highest-- I'll use it at fifth level.


(slurring) Kash and I just got back from frikkin' and it's time to drinkin'!


Have you been talking to any of the trees around here? Right around here?


(mockingly) Indianapolis!


Do it. This could be--


I have no fucking clue.


Which just fell on the ground.


Is someone wearing?


22 thousand?


9 46.


Can you tell the past?


Kash steps in. You don't feel evil, do you? (laughter)


I've got to get it from that guy.


What's this new spell you were talking about?


Deal?


Okay. Kerr. I like it.


Which is what this is?


Since I'm outside on the threshold of the house, can I see where Scanlan might have lit up the other house yet?


We can build a dragon shelter. At the very least, that is something we can do.


Shit, I'm gonna lose my fucking 9th-level spell.


The cold weather will be good for it.


Okay, I'm going to swing my battleaxe, Fane-Eater.


But we're assholes without power, though.


There may be some familiar faces. We came in before and I didn't change the way I looked. I wanted to see if maybe that caused a rustle. I'm going to change the way I look now.


No, but we can go get her and come back.


No, I have to fill out so much paperwork for that one. We'll do it next time.


Total rage.


The weapon's useless.


Come on, Captain Planet!


If we find that half-orc, druids tend to have healing abilities.


Do I have to change my name in this club?


Ten or higher we go.


That's why I was like hmm.


Jester, that is quite the revelation. Your dad-- I mean, Babenon-- is tracking us.


I am sorry, I don't understand. You say they're too busy to deal with it. Have they got it locked away in a vault while it just stomps around?


All in favor of going into the lava flows, to find something.


Okay, I would like for it to get up to it and to do melee attacks.


Yeah, same. Communal style.


Rogue or ranger!


I'm going to Hail of Thorns that guy.


I know nothing of use.


He's only got 400 hit points left.


I'll get better at it again. Give me a minute.


My back's sweating!


I did not cry. Some people that I were with did cry.


No, wait, there's rules!


Should I do the spell that you told me, the disguising spell, before the dance?


It's two horses.


Yeah, we were in the bad part of town. We can go to the nice part of town.


Wait, they can pick books.


No armor, not even light armor?


But you guys are headed to-- Where are you headed to? Where are you going to go?


We're down there.


And something native.


Plus 11 attack.


I’m heading out of the infirmary and I’m going to start wrapping around the building towards the side of the building that he was in.


If you also hear me make the same sound again, that means trouble.


Bye, Caleb!


You're so old.


(nervous chuckle) Great. Well, I'm ready. For anything.


Do we get a surprise round?


You're all into some freaky shit.


We only have two rubies. Wait, do you have three rubies?


At least they're having fun.


That's right. Fuck you Raishan.


Was that on Christmas?


My magical dragon wings.


Well, we have a choice here. You're harder to see, I suppose, so there's that.


Okay, tell us why.


I look at him, and I stare daggers into him and shake my head and wipe the blood off my mouth.


You're too close.


No. Just go.


Keep up, people! Come on.


That was my first attack.


That is a silver coin right there.


Are there rustles in the bushes from someone who might be invisible?


That's very smart of you, Jester.


Whoa! Do I need to wear a thingy?


I don't know what's going on.


No. Never met Kima in my life. She didn't seem to like me very much, which is odd, because everyone else seems to think I'm an amazing guy. Vax and Vex, everyone telling me they love my eyes, they love this-- I don't know, it's weird. Bunch of your friends are just very weird.


That's good. Off we go, then.


Mini Jenga?


Oh yeah, no. We have coins.


(excited shouting)


I have one final announcement.


That's difficult. (laughter)


I cast Pass Without a Trace on us now.


Really great, no, it's fucking terrible.


Half-orc? Okay. Hang on. You listed all that off.


Yeah I mean--


We're going to make two trips and come back for seconds. Okay.


(whispering furiously) What are you doing!?


About what time of day is it right now?


He said it was bad.


Yeah, that's a pretty tight thing. Okay. You know what, I think I'm going to try to at least slow this thing down as much as I can before everybody else gets down here. I think that's the best thing to do is just slow it down. I'd like to cast Sacred Flame.


Jester's just pacing back and forth.


But not like a fake-bake. We want a real tanner, right?


Okay. I would like to get to the window and jump out.


I know this can be-- I know how hard this is to hear. But none of this would have happened, none of this celebration would be possible without him. He sacrificed himself, so that all of us could live, and he spoke your name in the end. He wanted nothing more than for you to be taken care of.


That's exactly the sort of enthusiasm I was hoping for. We have need of an emissary to the Slayer's Take. We need to convince them to help us kill the next dragon.


I painted my entire body.


Rolling in it, baby.


And what's security like on the mine? Is there any chance someone could've slipped in through Kraghammer without you knowing, or is that all locked up?


Taking my shot, I'm averting my eyes, so.


We'll keep you safe.


That can't happen. We will not have that.


I know, it's quite good. Let's finish up our business here.


It's pretty cool.


If it gets to a point where we want to go in, I will go in underneath with you. I'll do my earth elemental thing.


We have to go so many places.


He's the bartender?


You, I would assume, use Polymorph as I do.


That sounds so disgusting.


Okay. We'll compare damage box.


I just need to try again harder.


You're part of the team now too.


If you find anything that looks good to eat, actually, bring it back up. I'll cook it right up. That's no problem.


Like child's pose, Like child's pose! Yoga, bitch! You know what I'm talking about--


24 hours.


Into the wall?


That's correct. We've also slain his right-hand man, Raishan, who seemed to be the mastermind of the entire orchestration.


Yeah, I'm staying on that wall, yeah. I don't want to go anywhere, yeah.


I think you just said 'two', you just said 'two.'


Okay. So after he does that, Keyletar is going to swing around and find another one of those openings and I'm going to take my greatsword and do my multi-attack and jam it right into one of his openings and open it up a little wider. Got to get it nice and good.


Making him look like he is in a suit of armor seems like a thing.


I go ahead and un-shark myself.


Her now. Kash does have an effect, doesn't he?


Oh, Doty's not finished walking yet. Doty, keep going.


More friendship! Just more friendship.


We'd appreciate that.


Vagina. (all laugh)


All right, but if we interfere with that forcefield and it somehow hits us, we're going to be hurting.


I'm trying to figure out what it is. Is it DPB? Is that right?


Yeah, let's set up camp here. We know this area.


But if it does happen, it's your fault.


Underground mall. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Let's see, what can we do?


That took care of it!


Anything that has a name, like Chain of Something.


Have you done that before?


You're talking about marrying the sister? Yeah.


We're good. We found it.


He can't see us anymore, but he knows--


Okay. 20 on the first hit.


Second Scanlan has to roll?


Oh, it's two. Okay.


Yes, so I'm going to do two attacks plus a hasted attack. That's 17. That hits, one does not, and then my third attack is a 16 that also hits.


Plus ten?


That's why we stealth-kill them now.


Oh, that's better! 13.


They'll be 400 meters down. I could theoretically drop some awesome Fireballs on their face, potentially.


No, that's fair. I'm just trying to get somewhere.


Three-quarter--


Can you roll poorly?


Is that Sisqó?!


Oh! [cheering]


I mean, it seems excessive, but they're very large men! One, two, three, four, five-- That one, he looks like a bull. In the nether-regions.


It looks like it--


We all got things.


His diamond earring is glistening in the light.


But we get to be lazy.


Her hand, sorry. I hold her hand, if she'll let me.


Oh, nothing, I got shit in my teeth.


That's good.


We have the gem.


Or really cool?


I don't know about wanting to look cool, it just comes naturally.


Am I close to Percy at all? Or did we already separate?


Immune to poison. We have two chalices.


Ah yeah that's good. They're really good.


Well, I'm not mad at him. I hope Pike and Grog can come around.


From within a building.


Long, dark black hair? Pale?


We have accounts from two different people, and they're two different opinions.


Of course, it's possible it hasn't actually had an effect on you yet, either.


Oh right, Master Quall.


Do I see the little girl whose name was-- what was her name?


We're going to see what happens, this is a first performance of its kind. Take it away, Taliesin.


Oh, that's really cool.


That's where we're going, right?


And the general is in that...


I pour some water on it.


Well, I think it's about time that we see what Tary Jumbo's worth.


Absolutely, but are we going to try to kill the black and then go on a hunt for all these--


Okay, that's good to know.


I wish I was a woman.


She's killed tree beasts and dragons, she's fine.


Yeah, and we halved it to nine. Five?


Yeah, go first, go first.


You both have matching dice?


Where are you from?


The ziggurats, there's three of them. You've come through the Wildemount one?


Little bit of a poof.


I blew it that way, though.


Are you familiar with the werewolves that roam these lands?


Well, I suppose if the Stormlord put you on this path, then you're with us now because of some divine intervention. I think it's important to follow one's feelings on such things. I commend you.


I can read all languages as a planetar.


Already? We're not there yet. Now? Okay.


