Ready?


We'll remember where they are. It's fine, just leave them.


Yeah, he's very nice.


I already know how to make a barrel.


I have no empire. I'm his valet.


Oh, Sam's here.


I knew that. I can speak with animals, too. (laughter)


All of the illithid in the city are his prisoners. He's controlling everyone.


Well, I will say, worst case scenario, we don't necessarily need to match her handwriting, but some type of coding, potentially linked back to her. We can almost mimic it. People who are doing sneaky things never use their real handwriting.


I'm going to come back!


Oh, in terms of damage.


Who are you talking to? Are you talking to me?


There's two buttons low down. Oh man. The nostalgia here. All right, buddy. I take two steps back away from the door. Buddy buds. Will you go push those low buttons in the room?


So we lose an hour of sleep.


Multiple?


So, like, we went in to buy a car, and he's also offering us a condo and land in Florida, at the same time, is that about it?


I Prestidigitate it off, first. There.


Remember how I failed and almost killed us all?


It's a real thing. Magic would not stop it from flying. It would be a real thing.


You know what happens.


So it might disenchant whatever we have on us.


We find a good place?


No, we haven't. (laughter)


Keyleth stares with a vague familiarity.


There are lots of skeletons!


It's so weird!


No, I'm out!


I'm great at those. Dexterity saving throw. Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, sure, that's a five.


It will be the last word you ever say.


But fanned fire line.


It's only on PalmPilot.


Great, Joseph. You know what?


I'm creeping back.


Say bye to the Fey.


And tell us about yourself, if you don't mind.


Oh, does he have me up against the window?


(explosion sounds)


Plus two 'cause you're raging.


Maybe she's thirsty. Give her some water from the fountain.


I've got a question. Do you care if I smash the shit out of Lady Briarwood's head now?


We basically took the insanity plea to get me out of prison, as a team.


This dead man who wanted to be a god is now a fucking god. We have been speaking to your brothers and sisters, your found family, and they are arming us with what we need to fight your foe. You know who he is. He is upon us and I have come to you for aid. And as I have learned, he is somewhat akin to you. He was one of us and has ascended, like you.


This one's very rude.


I forgot to go to the bathroom. I'm wiggling.


That's specific.


And to not go when it's a full moon, so we don't actually have to do it, but we can set it up.


Do the-- what's the jib? Do I jib or do I winch? Wait, why am I rolling-- which one? Pick one! I'm going to do jade, lucky jade, lucky jade. Okay, okay! That was good! 19 total.


You are a loot drop, oh my god.


I don't have any.


Oh, good. We can't communicate.


Okay, so can I get on my broom and cast it and go try to find it down in the water?


I walk in and start cracking my knuckles behind Vex.


To Fitz and Ashton.


Let's go find your brother.


I was on my broom, because I had been hovering looking at it.


We can make a little ring.


Does the river keep going?


I give a heads up. Heads up, heads up, people. Incoming forces, coming your way!


Do you guys need a second, should we take a smoke break?


I know! They don't know that. When you say it out loud, it's much easier that our symbol is the number nine, don't you think?


I really don't think they are.


I'll try one more time.


Your body is a road map of pain.


Info is golden.


Need water.


So if you looked up and we looked down, we'd essentially be looking at each other.


By the light of my dagger.


Matt, I'm asking Beau to slather me in oil.


Also, for my birthday I got (Gollum voice) precious.


Let's get back to business. I don't know what you have on tap here, but I'm looking for something, just a cantrip, pretty common, shocking--


I'm putting my hand on my purse.


Oh. Well, wasn't the plan to have a, what did you call it?


All right, nice. That is 15.


A hype man! Yeah yeah!


Only a little. I could maybe trade you something for it, but I'd like to keep it on me for now, if you don't mind. It's a small trinket. It's got a little bit of magic, but it's just that-- you can see on her human arm, it's a silver bracelet with a charm token hanging off it with a green emerald.


I'm just looking for tracks right now, Tiberius.


Do me next. What have I done?


Full house.


All right. What do I add to the modifier, by the way?


And I look at him and I say, never forget that.


We could plant them on someone that we don't like?


Before the last one reaches it, I actually cast really hard Control Flame. It totally doesn't work this way, but I do it anyway. You bastard, I didn't mean to do this! And I'm going to hammer like I did with Flaming Sphere when we were playing in private.


You have a lovely house, by the way. Or had one. (laughter)


That's right, boy. I am Laduguer! You know, and you know your deeds as of late might upset my rest.


I'm shielding Scanlan.


Holy Jesus.


Fucking lead the way.


We don't even know who he is yet, right?


What's this? What are you doing?


I turn him into a rat.


Wait, why is he digging and burrowing?


Hey Percy, we're ready to fly in the trap whenever you are.


You going to rob the place there?


Why intelligence? Can it be the wisdom?


It's these three jackasses.


After 12 seconds, I will look. I will stick my head out and look again.


600. About 600 will do both of us.


I mean, you could get it right out of the water.


Thanks, great. Good talk.


The best available.


Sure. I'm going to take a step back.


Nott, will you stand guard now, because now I have to take a shit.


The way you talk about Molly. I had a friend like that once, just one. They killed him, and I ran then, too. I left him behind: he's the reason I'm here. I didn't think I would do it again, but I did, I fucking froze up. I can't promise it, but I promise that I'll try. My life isn't shit, it's never been. It's kind of the shit about meeting people that are actually kind is that you realize what a fucking nightmare your life's been before.


I just give a wink.


She's thriving.


What could go wrong? This is a stealth mission. We'll be in and out of here in six minutes if we do this right. Let's go! Go, go!


They don't break.


I think that was my--


Shit. It was terrible. It was really bad.


Nein. Oh no, I was saying no in German, excuse me. I did not roll a nine.


But if they take you down-- if they take down your intelligence, then whoever has higher intelligence--


Ooh, yeah, you-- I need to, I'll get on that. Anybody else? What's everybody at?


Oh damn! Free Willy.


Don't you have Suggestion?


All right, here's my last attack. Oh, it's an 18! I crit on an 18!


It's super good, Keyleth, really.


How much time has it been?


It's like the Crazy 88; they just keep coming.


Well, then. This is different! I don't think I'm going to be alone anymore. I asked you for power, but it seems like you gave me strength.


So, we do it.


Oh, hold on, hold on. There are runes, of which I can read.


So we're doing it.


It's okay, no, no, no! I get an advantage.


26.


So would it be-- (laughs) Would it be different if he had these dreams or visions if he was a follower of Sarenrae or has found faith of some sort?


Oh. I was going to rage and shake it, but--


Oh God, we're dead.


Look for signs, Keeper Yennen. Look for signs. I'm going to hand him a piece of parchment.


Just keep on punching it, Grog.


No. If I walk in, I want to walk in on my own.


I'm just--


We've got to take out these guys' eyeballs.


Yeah, I clean up well.


I will use Eldritch Blast against those two goblins hiding behind the tree.


I thought we're behind a gate, like locked out.


There are dragons outside and we're fighting, playing rugby with a fucking skull.


Yeah! Yeah, yeah.


And keep an eye out in front for any sort of problems.


We'll go to Whitestone and figure it out. That's where Kaylie is, right? We assume.


That's an old wives' tale, it's not true!


Is Grog going to find someone his size?


What's the distance?


Pike, can you hear us?


I wonder if we can track down Ulog.


Oh yeah, he's great.


I should have said this. I was going to burn a grit to drop.


That is the cartoon character Daria.


How damaged is Scanlan Two already?


All right, so if there were trolls, it would be better that you missed everything. There weren't trolls, but if there had been, it would have been better.


By anything.


Yes, I dabble


He is with us. What?


We go back to Tary.


I know, I know, but we may die later tonight when we go see Zanror.


He has the stone--


Which lasts for 24 hours.


What about all the jingly-jangly in your bag of holding?


She's in the Bag of Colding.


Totally intentionally. So if you don't know who Satine is, get introduced to her with this week's episode of Signal Boost, and then she'll lead you graciously into GM Tips.


Okay, that's a 20 to hit.


I would expect nothing less.


After two and half more, I have about four and a half.


From 100 feet up, I can see through Frumpkin's eyes all of us being a bunch of dumb fucks in the back of the cart.


Cult adjacent.


Didn't do too hot in the last one.


Roll for dubstep.


No. We needed help because our family is in the swamp.


Balls.


Yeah, before he sinks down.


I think we should camp, because then we will hit this swamp at a more advantageous moment.


Much to my own chagrin, I'm in perfect agreement with Frederick von Whatsitface de Rolo de Whatsit.


Maybe I'll prac-- where did you park him?


That and Pike's stank from her armor.


15 plus seven is 22.


I'm going to shake that off, and then I'm going to do a once around the entire chamber and look around for any traps I can find, especially around that pile up top, but also, I don't know that they'll be here, but see if there's anything like what we saw in Krieg's cave with the crystals in the wall. Little peeky stones.


Do I add anything to that damage? Or is that just 4d8 piercing?


Seeming allows you to tailor us, right?


We can't even see you right now. You're a silhouette on the screen, but we can hear you.


I'm curious what the fates would say.


Yeah? Everyone should try and get a little bit so I can see you. And I can make us all fly.


I have something very delightful planned.


I'm writing it in my sketchbook. Will you tell them? And then I'll meet them there?


It's a reliable talent, in fact.


Because I'm attacking?


Wait, he said they spit?


I left her feet alone!


I'm not a tactician, but I have a question.


Of what? Plus two to my AC? Okay!


Like New York compared to L.A.?


We're gonna go find Wilhand!


It was all a dream!


Oh, do you want someone to roll for Yasha?


Well, will I hit either of my fellows from where I'm--


I'm coming with him.


I show Caleb where I etched the dick in the table a couple nights ago.


Yeah, no, (coughs) pinch my knee if that's the one. No, to the little, to the little satyr.


I'm assuming that was Vorugal.


I'm still the dragon.


Have I been in this area?


I didn't even think of that.


Take the cart? And get some meat from the butcher?


Can I go find Percy?


You've always got to check it for a false bottom.


I'll have a panic attack is what (clears throat) I want to do. All right. Fuck me. Okay.


Okay, and I stealth.


Well, we'll give away-- So if, like, we try and weaken and the metal makes any noise, anything, right? Jig's up.


Add 15 of poison to that. Add 15 of poison.


I thought she closed the door.


Guys, we should have aliases. Can we have aliases?


It is extremely powerful, whatever it is.


Wait. You drove the horse into the ground?


So that is 1d8 plus four. Force damage, so eight force damage.


"As if I didn't know that coming here." That's the worst thing anyone has said about us.


I have no more reactions, right? We're still in the same round.


Is it like (krsch) Halloween mask inside-out?


Are my legs still free?


(whispering) Oh shit! (background music)


Do I notice any furniture, articles, clothing?


Check in on my boy.


December 3rd?


Wait, is Frumpkin dead? Not to be insensitive.


That's the best fucking shit I got.


I am, to be fair, invisible. It's hard to grab.


This is hard to believe, but this is crazy grandma.


What exactly does he do for the Clovis Conclave? Concord?


While she pushes, can I get up against the crack to see if I can see through while she pushes?


You look lovely. How do you think your kin will react to that? What will their response be if they know that outsiders have come? If they've seen just me at this moment, plus a few illusions.


I trusted you. I put myself out there and I trusted you.


Yeah, they can't throw those greatswords, right?


Exactly. At some point, I had a hammer--


Yeah, you went to 11 there on let's start continuing the genocide.


Okay, I'm going to fly out the window with Scanlan.


Phrasing.


It cancelled out your advantage. It's just a straight roll and you lost the sneak attack.


Grog, you are our extra muscle.


As long as we're free already--


Hang on. Before we go, there's a few things I want to do. Let me double-check-- I don't want to be a dumbass.


Yeah, I know I'm a handful. The second one, I don't even need for you to say anything about this, but you know the white-haired guy I travel with?


27, as well, with a natural 20.


So now I am at seven hit points. Now I'm going to vanish. I'm going to disappear.


So Sylas is back.


Well, we're not going to get there before dark, so maybe we should sleep here tonight and start out in the morning.


Do you still have the crazy eye thing in your stomach?


They poofed. Poofers.


Did you just talk Matt out of it?


I don't-- why are you--


So easy.


You'll be able to find your way back, right?


Ooh, confusion technique.


Did he just throw up everywhere?


This is a quick one.


Don't damage it!


So she came through here?


No, I'm okay. I got back 19 points.


Might beat that one.


Everybody's far away from her except for me and-- who's the other person?


It makes a grab for her?


So then that one's gone?


Was is das? Das ist gut.


And then two more?


13 for the actual arrow, plus another five for Hunter's Mark.


Anything exciting come out?


I know! It's so Baldur's Gate. I love it.


Have you been to the lake?


Look, Grog, I touched a flower and the whole realm almost collapsed, okay? I don't know.


If it's magical, it might fit you if you just try it on!


Lightning.


Oh, he's trying to see if they're seeing us.


Hm. All right.


All right, thanks.


All right, ten. 2d6 plus five?


She's the best of us.


No. 21. I'm doing nothing, I'm just standing in place.


I'm gonna pull out the flute, the flute, I'm gonna play the flute for a while. 'Cause I don't wanna, the singer sounds good, I don't wanna rain on her parade.


That Grog, what a dick.


I pick up Clarota and we start running balls.


Sans robe this time?


I don't know how to answer that.


We should go on a hunt. That's what we need.


Perfect. So that's movement, action, and what I have left is hasted action and bonus action, so I would like to use my bonus action to zip over to Pike, 120 feet.


Oh, that's two times I've tried to bail out of this conversation.


Good work, girl.


And I don't silence him. Did I have to roll anything to do that?


Why do warlocks only have two fucking spell slots right now?


Okay. I'm going to do something a little weird. I'm going to pull out Bad News. I know I can't shoot this close with it, or god only knows what would happen. I'm going to try and swing it like a pugil stick, and I'm going to try and hit him with the butt of Bad News.


I'm going to take aim, and I'm going to wait for it to raise its club hand up. It's holding a club?


...Yeah.


(whispering) Something's happened to him.


I motion over to Pike and I take her medallion slowly off of her and go-- and bring out my Mending Wheel.


Ow. We're all fucked up.


Okay. Who are the three strongest orcs right now?


(laughs) Oh, Grog.


Maybe you should try sticking your face against some of the sheer rock face.


If he fucking brings it up to a god. He doesn't even realize he has it.


I've been doing a perusal, by the way. Is there anything that's caught my eye in this--?


Mornings at the bakery-- (laughter)


Green and black? That's weird.


I'm going to suggest something that's going to sound a little iffy, but I swear to god I'm being clever. Send it somewhere where it will be content. Let's not anger something. Where do we send vampires?


What's a legendary resistance?


Religion. Religion.


(coughs)


But you look like--


You asked him a question as opposed to telling him to do it.


I'm going to cast Hellish Rebuke in response to one of the--


But that might make him break his concentration.


Is it any bigger?


You seem normal.


Well, no, we're coming with you. You're not just leaving us again.


Yeah, I am. Thank you!


Oh Jesus. There's a dent in it now.


Who's the closest?


Can we cut that bastard up for scrap now? Ugh.


Okay. Make camp.


Yeah. Get us on the list. Once you're in there, then we'll join you in line.


I can't see her.


But she's running back out screaming! Three and three, we split the gold three-three. It was a draw.


The whole thing.


But your rage ended.


You work for The Gentleman these days?


I'll be right after Vex.


There's no honor in that.


I'll step forward a square.


I think that's all I've got.


Gorillas are pretty fucking smart.


(gunshot sound) You got me right in the ear.


We did, I searched--


How worth our while are you thinking?


(cocking sound) Fire again, bonus action! Not much better. 15.


Hey guys! (all laugh)


I'll hold your hand! Eyes closed, holding my holy symbol!


I notoriously roll terrible on my initiative.


I get rid of those.


Oh, peace out! Mind gobbler.


That's ten plus four for 14 points of damage.


How tall are the gates?


I've got it. Slow-- 17.


We could literally-- we could each of us every day pass it to a different person and then we could concentrate on it and we could have the Fragment.


I mean, did you see a way to do that?


I will stand.


Single. Don't fuck me, Gil. Blacksmith die for a blacksmith thing. That's not great. That's a miss. Yeah. 20 minus five is 15.


I take a rag out of my side satchel and I cast-- what the hell is it called because I've only been a wizard for a short time-- one Dancing Light underneath the rags so it's only dim.


Handcone up.


We can see you now, can't we?


Well, I mean, can we-- I mean, we don't wanna stop her I just wanna be like, hey, slow, girl.


We get a long rest.


19. And that's not quite as good, but that'll do. 26 points of damage plus five psychic damage, which he'll also get half of that bleed next round. And I get my grit back. And I'm going to use my bonus to finally reload, because that was everything I had!


I pull one body out.


How are we going to get out of here?


You can read it, Scanlan.


I want it.


There's also the obelisks. We got to go start touching the other shit.


Yes! Okay, 21.


Can I see inside the temple? Or are the temples pretty enclosed?


Glorified messengers at this point.


The island.


I mean, she's so cute! How could I do that to you? I'm so sorry!


Grog? Is that you?


I should not have rolled all three at once.


So, I think we should probably stealth. And start moving in.


You're the little girl here. You're confused. It's been a night.


(stutters)


So we're going for one side of it.


I don't know. (laughs)


Mute.


How long have you been a pirate?


Shoot out the window.


Oh, this? Okay, so I get to announce who the official winner is?


You got the clock ready?


I'm gonna take the coin--


So hard to get these last two fucking letters.


Are there any exotic weapons?


Oh yes, I guess I have to move forward to attack. Can I get a radius that includes Kevdak and these guys over here?


And I go in the back into the garden, and I take the glissfoil out of my pocket that I was given, and I revive it from its dried state that it was given to me in, and plant it in the ground.


You're assuming that he's going to do what he would expect us to think he would do in the first place.


How many people at home do you think have figured this out already?


"Do I get anything from it?" You creepy bastard.


That little code you were talking.


Yeah, if we survive, we'll send him a Jelly of the Month club membership.


Does your real self also get sea sick?


Can I roll my initiative in advance?


Well, the goddess of knowledge is implied in the title. Not insulting anyone. Knock knock.


And that's only for a minute.


I said this was the last episode, and I meant it.


Can I speak with him?


DM, am I at one hit point at this moment? It was zero.


Throat bead.


The only reason I might disagree is because she did give you money.


The door was harder to kill.


What do you guys think? I feel like I need to partake on this voyage today. Don't you think?


(singing) In your head, you are fighting.


Oh, my god, what if the vampire thing is right underneath us?


The multi-verse is large and wide.


I hate those fucking straps!


Okay, well let's follow silently.


Hobo.


Get after it, nasty!


Even with the plus 10? 18?


It might be a terrible plan.


-- sunglasses? (all laugh)


Nine for the second.


Just a couple swigs.


Pure death. Fucking anaphylactic shock.


Oh, Sir Kerrion. I thought they said something else.


Flip it open.


Or maybe they just were wrapped up five minutes ago, and they're totally fine.


They all sing bass.


They both fail.


That's a lot of gold. That's like a life sentence worth of gold.


(deadpan) He's really quite good, you all should line up and get your fortunes told. (laughter)


I don't have a real sister, but I consider her more of my sister than I've ever had. She's family, and if you take her from me, there will be hell to pay.


A ship, a dog, an owl, a ferret.


Oh god, it feels really weird!


There was a big blue dragon.


Chef, this is going to put you on the map. We need to name it.


All right, let's just see if you're really Scanlan.


How much dust goes pff?


Acid, whatever, break it apart. Release the illithids from his control and then we'll have them on our side. At least, not our side, but against him.


What a nice story.


Just to point this out before we go in and kill ourselves. We have evidence now. We could abandon this whole thing. Go back and fight our day in court.


I can't inspire anybody here? Now?


To the books again!


I hope you know my frustration is only out of-- well, what you just said, I guess. Wanting something to be mine that I won't have.


Yes. We'll do something like that. I use another piece of paper because I don't have any kind of tissue paper.


I didn’t say that was through the flaming bowstring, did I? Because I was so distracted by the Hunter’s Mark.


We know you guys are in a fight all the time.


Oh, look  a real roll.


Can you try it on the wheel?


But Nila also recognizes it?


It was a crappy swamp. It was good times. Yeah.


Okay, I'm going to crawl in there.


I was doing his math. (all laugh)


Your dice look really good tonight.


All right, I'll take Boots of Levitation. And you get these so you're super strong again.


That's fine, sure, that's great. And give some inspiration to Lyra. I'll say, (singing) When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's Aldor-e. (cheering)


Hydra?


How about for healing? Does it help with healing? Can I add it to anything?


14 hit points for Trinket.


Excellent. But some of those little wispy things, I don't trust them, you know. If they get out of order, we should wispy thing grab. How will we remember that?


Okay, so I'm going to scuttle away from him across to that other box over there, across the dock there. And, as I'm running, I'll turn around and fire once at the big guy. Still sneak attack because Marisha's engaged, right?


All right, fair enough. Where's Jester?


Thirteen fifty.


Oh my god, that's true. You have advantage on all of our wisdom saving throws, from the Heroes' Feast.


That cloak that I gave away?


That makes it worse.


Thanks for having me, guys. I'll just be taking this.


I can scry twice today.


I don't think we want the group to be too big. Let these two handle this Ren and you and I will wait at the Leaky Tap and lay low.


You're welcome, of course. I told you I would get you to the Academy.


Punch the gem at him.


Yeah, I know where we're going.


All right then.


That’s a bad bitch.


Everyone's like, "Hey, hey, hey!"


Well, we can share.


I grab a couple extra, as well.


I follow in the general direction of those people that walked off.


(crow noise)


It says one action on yours? It says one minute on mine.


I'm in tank mode, so I'm good. I'm an earth elemental.


How long ago was it that you guys broke out of prison?


No, the room that the acid is stored in.


That's what I was going to ask.


Oh, shouldn't have moved that fast, hang on. Yeah, I have a maul.


Ow ow! Come on. I need it.


Yeah. I help Jester hide the cart.


It's like texting in hell.


Ain't you got no long range?


Your shave is still very nice, though.


I'm gonna roll it up and I tie it, I have a rope to tie it to my back.


Why don't I look, and then Scanlan can handle it? I'm just going to look, all right? Yeah, 23.


Start at the docks, but I'll keep that in mind.


Or you.


Beautiful human.


You can do this, and I walk twenty feet back.


Wait, forever?


So, that's gonna do-- ba-bumpa-bum.


Yeah, no, I’m actually going to hire him. He’s been great.


Strength is 12.


It's a land snake.


I was doing fine.


No, I don't. I think it's force damage.


Oh yes, very good things.


No, she's okay.


Tinker, design--


Easy kill, oh no!


I put my hand on her shoulder and gently pull her back.


S-P-R-I-G-G spells Sprigg, ladies and gentlemen, if you want to win that valuable prize.


Well, we have!


That's a tattoo, you said?


Magical traps.


Correct.


I've already been told that's it's going to happen.


(singing) My anaconda don't. My anaconda don't.


Something additional.


You can have whatever mages you want cast truth on me. I was bitten. This threat is real.


Is it? Look, I have this one-handed Dragonslayer Longsword if you want to get used to a bit of badassery before you move up to the big leagues. I know you've got that dinky piece of shit you've been using this whole time.


Marriage fucked everything up.


Feet up to my strength score?


Okay, and I want to send Trinket into the keep, if he can make it.


It's something we picked up the first time we came through Zadash.


Man down.


Look like commoners?


He's in Percival's room, I think. You said you would sleep in your laboratory.


I can, and I did bring Move Earth, as well as Wall of Stone. To be totally honest, I am terrified of messing with the ground. I'm afraid if I move the earth, it will eat me. It will split open and swallow me. I could try it.


It's worse. 18.


Guess word has gotten around the ship then.


They asked it!


It appears to be some sort of very naturalistic bow and arrow.


Just became ten.


As I am going to sleep, I want to inscribe "sinaeth" on Fenthras.


We didn't plan that in any way.


Someone's saying what edition to start with? I would start with the most recent, because you know they're gonna keep updating it over the years.


I did not sign any sort of waiver.


You mean the pit fiend, or--?


Thank you for trusting us. I believe we can make quite the impact with these movements.


Look, you're up in the air, bro!


Let's go find him.


An ankheg?


And then I'm going to-- Why is he closer now? Sorry, Grog. I'm going to Hail of Thorns him.


Good job, Pike.


I'm so tempted, but no.


What kind of clientele?


Weren't you in the shower?


Stunning strike.


I’m going to readjust and try and go for it again. That’s the exact same roll. Those are two twos in a row.


19. Four is lightning damage.


I've noticed that you all have some sort of earpiece. Do you have any extra?


Okay, so, I don't have all of the dice out.


Cool, cool, cool. (laughter)


I'll use Luck.


What are they worried about?


And there's photographic evidence.


Lost it in an avalanche, I did.


Please don't, I rust in many places.


I'll give two to Jester, one for you, one for me. And then 22 silver, that's--


Stubby, could you come down here for me?


Just keep that in mind. All right. Yeah. All right.


We should probably be quiet.


To Lorna, with love. It's written right there, Tiberius.


Put him in his boot!


Ten for Jester.


There's papers just littering our apartment, just information.


I know, but I've been traveling out here for a while, and so they provide a layer of protection. Certainly not great now. Now they were four, now there's three.


Eat food and talk about a plan?


Ugh. (counting) Eight.


She was going to research the notion of other options other than dealing with the deal we have downstairs.


Oh, we've still got an action.


There's no peeling around the sides of this? There's too much rubble and shit? This huge space that we're in.


I take my reed stick and rap on the door.


But I take the dust of tracelessness out of the bag of holding and I sprinkle it around the room.


Well, they're a question mark.


But I healed? Okay. So I'm at 60 points, right?


Get down there and wing it.


Natural 20. (shouting)


No, nine.


That smokiness.


I'm not going to be around much longer, probably, or you're not going to be around much longer; one or the other.


Spiders don't like rats, do they?


Well, I still want to see where this giant thing goes, so I'm still watching it.


-- with his droppings?


We have 12 teeth left.


Hair like the Little Mermaid.


I knew-- I came in late to the game, and there were only a couple options left. And I had never played, so. I picked gnome because I was like, oh, that's funny. And then cleric, I didn't really realize what a cleric was. And how detailed it can be if you've never played. And important to the game. So when I started I was like, well shit, this is a little tougher than I thought it would be. But it's been awesome, I love being a cleric.


Anything in the satchel?


What's it mean?


I was hoping for a critical, but whatever.


For the sword?


I stay up to entertain Avantika.


Totally awesome metal band.


Pike will come.


Oh my god, I heard it.


We are very capable fighters!


This is not a good deal for them anymore.


At least that side will be fine. And then I'll go across.


Don't ask a woman that!


Pike, can you take a look at this cough before we take a rest?


Can we wiggle in?


Guys, D&D Beyond.


Unless it lets people know when something crosses in front of it.


We do, it should be noted, carry a dangerous artifact that we should warn you of.


Wait, what kind of damage was this?


It's a long trek. We've got a while.


Can I swirl my paintbrush in the water in the fountain and see if it does anything?


No, you gave it to him!


Yeah, let's be honest. Could I get to him in 50 feet?


My body.


Who gives a shit? Who's going to be on the fucking roof?


Yeah, we should blow up his house.


I'm going to roll. Okay.


Why so low?


How long is a short rest?


I-- for 12. And now I'm zero.


I move and I peek my head through the door.


I don't have a lot of experience with other gods making deals, darling. But I want you to live a long time. And I want you two to live a long time and be happy. And I want you to get a halfway decent relationship with your daughter. I want you to lead many people. I want you to change the world. I want you to do all the things I know you can do. Forget it. Grog, I just want you to be free.


Roll my proficiency plus my intelligence. Aw, my intelligence?! Why not wisdom? (laughter)


Do they lead there?


Plus, we could take a short rest up top while we're getting them folks to safety.


Just goes further. But I don't want to get separated completely, so come up a bit, and I'll go a little bit further.


Yep, he's a winner.


I want to step up behind Scanlan with a bear behind him, and make him look more imposing.


So this happens to you.


Caleb is already in the next room, steering clear of the trap and trying to inspect if that brazier is arcane in nature, or if there is anything dangerous other than the trap.


I can't stress how important this is.


Sorry about your horse.


Well, I think I left them on the side of the road, somewhere, actually.


Well, were you going to eat one?


No. That's-- ugh.


Why is it always green?


We did a little recon.


Yeah, too big.


Sorry. Just saying.


Can I do a-- can I investigate it or arcana it?


We should probably do something. We still have to wrap up this deception of ours.


He's going to be a great man someday.


Ooh, how did you do that?


We said he could roll a 20! We called it! Who called it? We called it.


Oh, Pike is after Scanlan.


I get the fuck back up again! You're Hercules Mulligan!


Disintegrate?


He'll be our big, beefy minion for 30 days.


Three of the other party.


Percy's used to unstable things.


Maybe we can do the mansion outside of her temple?


(jokingly) Natural 20. (laughter)


I want a good vantage.


Hey, you bared your teeth at me five times, little man!


I couldn't tell from the aerial view, which one-- they're all hidden, right?


I will simultaneously fire a crossbow bolt.


We need her Social Security Number for a 1099 by the way. (laughter)


Make some brain jerky.


I'm going to-- shit. Hide behind you?


Those sweet all-white New Balance.


Copper?


It's a lair.


Maybe we shouldn't kill all of--


For what it's worth, I apologize, and here's my cat. I turn Frumpkin the first night on this boat into a cat and use the last of my supplies, so it's Frumpkin the cat right now. That's Frumpkin.


Who's got the monster calves to carry this? There you go.


I take my bonus action and Three Stooges style, go poke, right in his eye. That's a natural 18.


(singing) Bye bye bye.


Oh my god, your mother knows The Gentleman. That's so cool.


I tried to cover them, but they wouldn't take ink. So I just did my best.


Oh, just that there's merch in there. Oh, the CR shirts that everybody loved, our throwback shirts, those sold out the first night. But it's okay, you guys! Because we're accepting backorders right now. So that's still available in the store. I know, right?


We're bad influences.


Survival. Ooh, that's good. 19.


I'm going to bolt to that window.


Yeah! And look, you singed a little of my hair!


Well I'll tell you what. You let me know, and you can come over and have a goth makeover.


Well, if you've been watching, we have just buried a friend of ours, maybe we were premature. Should we go dig him up?


Agreed, that is our first stop.


Shit, no.


Oh, so we can't get to that.


How do you activate it?


Pics or it didn't happen. (laughter)


All right. What are your names?


Well, I was in danger for much of my time away, but that's not a bad thing, sometimes. Becoming an adventurer or whatever I am now, it wasn't supposed to be easy. It was supposed to be hard, and it was, and it had risks. But along the way, I did much, and I stand before you now as a different man than who left. One who has been through a lot and knows the dangers of the world, but is also a survivor. You know, when I left, I told you I was going to prove myself to you. That I would bring you back stories of my exploits and show you what kind of a man I really was. And I wrote a lot of them down in a book, but I don't think I want to show it to you, because I don't think you deserve to see it. You never supported me as a child, and you don't now. Financially, yes, but not as a father. And the things I did while I was away-- well, the book is a diary now. It's for me, not for you.


Six.


(counting) 31, 37.


-- yes.


This is bloody stool. (groaning)


Lionel, with his nunchucks, in the family den.


Bring the fire, Tiberus.


It's the most beautiful story, Beau!


Yes. Trying to get cover again.


Okay. But they're still a ways off, right?


Not good. Eight.


Yeah, we go downstairs. I quietly dart forward to block off the path.


For the other groups.


Just a little mad money or anything?


I cast my bonus Hex on this beautiful beast.


Oh my god. This cake needs more layers, girl!


I have not released it yet, no.


Dimension Door.


What about-- I'm going to throw out some ideas here. I'm going to start spitballing, because I'm very curious about this. I love puzzles. What about some sort of mystical tattoo?


That's not depressing.


Yeah, thank you.


Look, it's doing the Duck Flail to me. It's not as good, but that is what he's doing.


Can't argue with the dibs policy.


No, no--


Or locked?


I feel much better about any decision to just leave then, although we would have to do something about the city and everyone who's in it.


Oh, jesus.


I will tell you something  I don't need to have this ring, I can tell you what it is.


So no, he drops the bow.


I run as fast as I can and turn a corner.


Oh that counts.


Gulp.


Thank you. No, you've go to go higher.


Can I attune to Boots of Levitation?


Well, it's on the top of the temple, that's what I mean. If you can jump on it, then we'll be going down with it.


Follow traffic.


Well, unless someone--


I think a Fireball can do this-- no I'm just kidding.


We have claim to the gold that was stolen. It's up in the mountain. It's just hard to get down.


(whispering) Look down.


That's why you wouldn't hug me before the show. No hugs before the show when you're up to shit.


Matt's making me feel sad for these people.


What the fuck are you talking about? Dogs? I don't have any dogs.


No, no, you gave it to me, it's in my bag.


Oh, a fellow sailor.


Made by gnomes.


Yeah. Oh no, man, oh no.


She does on the daily.


We couldn't do it. It won't work. Because that side of the door won't open by its very nature. No door can be opened to this room. No one can get in or out without someone walking.


I don't get any-- my cloak doesn't get any bonus against this, does it?


No, no. Okay. Athletics check, was a plus seven, so 19.


I doubt he'll do well without her! I try and take cover. I'm going to pull as much cover as I possibly can and take a defensive stance. Oh, and I'm going to slug a healing potion for my bonus, thank you. I meant to do that, I was literally thinking that. That's the greater, which is 4d4 plus four. Yeah, go on, I'm fine. I've got so much coffee in me. Okay, I'm, yeah, that's so sad. All right.


I make my way around.


He didn't ask you.


The people that took you.


It's like the Autobots.


I don't know if she needs a dagger. Here you go, child.


That's not going to go poorly.


How did you fall into it?


Clarota, that was incredible. Well done!


At least a d8.


Yeah, we had him all bushed.


I'm going to cut you right here.


I've got a torch.


This isn't going to last long.


What! What the hell?


Oh wait, I never said mine. 15. Sorry.


"Fjord, how do I sail?!"


I think they're making a tavern one.


She's all fucking sick and fucked up.


I want to check the body to see if I can find anything useful.


Towards the 100-foot mark that the--


I don't know what's happening over here.


What is the "a e" that's one letter?


No, of course not.


That's just been sitting on your bedside, hasn't it? Slowly making the sound of crying.


That doesn't count.


Should we be concerned at all?


It's going to be the two of us, I think. Yeah, that's my money.


I'm just going to sit on the wagon looking bored.


I have a six nature. Can I harvest him?


-- split off, yes, we can split off.


I don't know. I don't think she's evil. She could be a puppet.


But it lasts for ten minutes.


How close can I get to him? I can't see the lines in the squares.


Loran.


Now, the second one I don't think hits, it was like an 18.


We could flee.


What, he is?


What was under the blanket the whole time?


Sand pit, fighting dummies.


The hallway down the right is the one we want to go to, if I remember correctly.


I'm moving slow on purpose at the back of the group now.


Lots of books.


Can we take a short rest after that? (laughter)


Well, I went to this door because--


All the shitty guards were over at the other house.


Okay, we go that way.


You have that very fancy sword you have.


And then below that, bottom corner. Four presses.


Disadvantage because I'm poisoned. 18.


Look at the little rattle mace!


You never told me where you got that sword. I mean, because I saw it get a little soggy, a little drippy, when we were fighting the frog thing, so, you know.


All right. How would I do that?


Your life, at this point. And a song. You owe me a song.


So who's in the boat with me?


How many can you include?


Lionel, there is a war room down in the bottom of this bitch.


Is Scanlan in front of me?


Or Marion.


24. 11 points of damage.


Has anybody been through that upper passageway?


Rissa, can I ask you about the-- what's it called-- honor hour that comes up later?


Just in general.


80 60.


I'm sorry. What was that? What was that?


One foot of stone, one inch of metal.


It is the principle, but do we have time for principles?


To hit.


'Cause he was corrupted. Okay.


I'm in that kitchen, floating around, farting and eating food. Look, I've got priorities.


You made Babs Tarr hide her head in her laptop, man!


Ten gold. Do it!


She's not going to be injured in this ritual?


Yeah


Are the Baumbauchs trying to poison people?!


Aw, that's awesome!


It matters, dear.


On the item. Jesus. So many things.


You have any significant others in the city?


I'm going to run straight in, take a look around. Is the undead one the closest one to me?


Ooh! Can I do the higher ground?


I like it. It's easy to remember.


Full dash, yes. Full dash.


Oh no! Wait, where are we? I don't see us at all.


You're here, enjoy the ride. Freddie has this, thank you.


There's another thing?


That's not how you really--


I can take my shot from here.


I'm keeping an eye open for every suspicious-looking asshole.


Where's your AC?


Does anyone have any allergies, if I take some to-go lunches?


So while this is both happening at the same time, there'll be some sort of narrative distance.


Kill him. Kill him with Craven Edge!


I was figuring I would be on her shoulders and we would suck up against the wall.


Vex once helped Grog in a very specific way.


I'll be right back. You guys find a spot, I'll meet you there. I go back and I go, Jeremiah! Give me that. I take bread or whatever he has prepared.


There's a white dragon that called himself Vorugal. A green dragon, Raishan. Black dragon, Umbrasyl, and the red dragon, we haven't heard his name yet. He seems to be the leader.


We're not talking news. We're just talking fun, cool comic book facts, and our first episode is going to be "Origin Stories" were we talk about why we got into comic books, and then starting the week after we're going to be talking about cool characters, team-ups, classic runs of books, anything and everything. It's going to be great.


Are we going to Kima now, or are we going to go see Grog fight?


I am going to walk up to Jester and stand next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling.


We overheard them saying that they were trying to break people mentally. Do you know what they were trying to use you guys for?


They are persistent.


I've got them.


Well I don't remember. We used to say prone? So I don't know what you would call that.


I'm Circle of Orboros.


What form are you going to take?


And then I'll help him check the books once I've grabbed something.


Okay, so that's 17.


I could use some healing.


He's not dead!


For Fatty!


So 11 points.


But we're not without ability. You have my word. I promise you.


And I call out, the letters inside the wind are O-R-I.


No, I know what he means. Who were your companions?


I mean, oh god, why do I have to be so fucking true to my character?


I don't need to cause I'm just taking a stroll.


And when they're not wet enough.


Oh, I thought we knew we were going to Ank'harel so we dressed for it. That's what we said the last episode.


12 feet. I will float above everybody, in the space above their heads. We can fudge it. Probably between Percy and Pike, if we can manage it. And I'm going to dagger, dagger, dagger, with sharpshooter on all three, the one right below me next to Keyleth.


We should maybe send word to him that the Briarwoods should be watched.


We are kind of limiting him. He's got big poofy sleeves and everything, he's not going to swim anywhere.


Yeah. Am I within range of oily guy? What's the distance, though, ten feet?


Well, we're moving pretty fast. I say we go all around the rim of the city.


He's a fainting blink dog.


I am on an errand.


That's the joke.


I'm just saying, I think we have an edge now.


Yeah. I'm going to circle around and back off. Yeah. Then take a couple steps back. See if anything happens.


Wait, wait, right in the eye. Right in the eye.


I don't mean to alarm any of you, really. I'm trying to be as forthright as I can.


I'm going to do it anyway. First one is ten, doesn't hit.


♫ No motherfucker, miss ♫ I start singing using my Cutting Words reaction. To try to distract him.


It's growing.


I can punch ghosts now. My fists are magical.


They're also rooted in Vasselheim, which is--


Go Cobra Kai on your ass.


No. Just keep it in the back of your head if you hear something, if something spikes your interest--


Could you do it at a higher level?


I don't have any idea?


Can you do some magicky things, Mr. Clay? Something?


I'm dragging you along by the scruff of the ear.


I'm afraid the insane things that Grog just said is correct.


Me. Please?


To bring people back.


He does take ten ice damage back, yeah.


It's a game that you can play with your friends that will create the kinds of bonded, shared experiences that created the friends you had in high school. The friends you just don't get anymore. But you can get them by doing this. This is to make that high school friend again.


That was everything I could've hoped for.


What am I, what is it? That I add it to?


No, I think they've got an island.


You know, just out of curiosity, what's everybody plan to do now?


You said it was used in rituals.


Remember this guy?


Can I ask your name?


Did you tell Tary?


And the goal is to question this guy or to take him out? To question, yeah?


Well, we've been talking, so I'm going to say yes.


So she has Feast.


Once we hit the ground-- we're outside of the room, right? Should we try to heal her? I've got a common.


All right. Hey! When I come back, those Gauntlets of Ogre Strength?


That's not far from the Air Ashari, correct?


Spider-sense tingling the whole time.


13 points of damage?


The amount you've saved us. It's nothing. I've learned it from you.


Because it probably can't move very far.


(sings a riff)


No fear.


Bring up the broken boat.


We're obviously not equipped. I'll grab Lady Briarwood and drag her out of the room towards the doors.


Six miles of dragons.


To the orange one.


Could you clarify a rule for me, because I've never tried to do this as a new magic user, newish, but to do a bonus action first-level spell, could that be done in addition to a second? Or a third? I know there's a version of being able to cast two spells at once if one's lower than the other but I can't remember what it is.


Matt, we want to go to Brazil-- No, Norway.


Persuasion.


You and him.


That is very honorable.


Can I do a thing with him?


You know what, let me flank it. Let me do one on that side and one over here. Yeah? You think?


We're all going? All of us?


Have a good three days.


Is there anything we can throw down there to really piss them off?


(laughs) No, lies.


Do they look like they're in armor? Do they look like they're soldiers?


Tonya Fancybottom. Nice to meet you.


We're going to go. We go make a blanket fort.


Death's eye.


So it's just numbers, at this point?


Yeah, go keep watch.


Jester, shall we?


No, it doesn't do anything in-- it flies.


Pike stands next to him and says, Don't worry, you won't fall. And she casts, um, Cure-- whatever, fucking-- (all laugh)


Percy, please let him out, I can't take it right now.


I'm following Nott.


I'm not crazy! No, and I'm at this guy's throat.


Not reckless. No. (crying) I don't know what the lesson is. 32 minus five is 37.


Good roll, Laura.


Absolutely. Right away. Whatever you want. But why?


I have resistance to bludgeoning.


- and send it out both sides. Two exits, no waiting.


Aw, thanks!


Humanoids are the big problem.


Um. Barry. (laughter)


That freaking wizard woman, man!


We don't have to give these back, right? We can keep them?


Is there a desk, or a clerk?


High insurance rates.


I am Captain Planet. No.


When we meet her I don't think we should have it, I think one or two of us should take it away. We don't all have to be at that meeting.


Okay. I drop form. I'm going to look around and go, (nervous laughter) and drop my staff and do Fire Storm radiating out from me, and I want to try and avoid Lionel and Grog, but basically radiating out, fire floods the ceiling.


Did they go already?


I don't really know. I don't know if this is going to work, to be totally honest. The tree is dead. Do you have any of that holy water?


What, has no nostrils?


What was your cargo?


No, don't blow it away!


Fine. I take all of the robes off. Do whatever you want.


I'll go ahead and take the Immovable Rod out and have it in my hand.


That'll hit. That's 23.


Classy. (laughter)


Don't fuck with anything, Keyleth. Just collapse it!


A word of advice.


Well, all right then.


For everyone.


24. It's a plus three on top of everything else.


Yeah, me too. But the one thing that I can't get out of my head was something that you said during that fight. And for a long time I was like, damn, Percy's got really cool one-liners and he's so smart, and I wish I could have cool one-liners. You and Grog have really cool one-liners. And then you said "your soul is now forfeit" to the person you shot that night. And I thought, wow! That was an interesting one-liner.


If you do.


How-do-you-want-to-DOUKEN!


Yeah that's actually-- (fake crying) it was very sensitive for me. I had a really tough childhood. I was just trying to find a bathroom.


Seven, then, for Hunter's Mark.


D'you know, the last time I saw something like that, the carpet was fucked. Do you think Wilhand would have any idea--?


We're going to fucking slit their throats.


We could be there-- We could be there in hours, if need be.


They're attacking the zombie giant. That's good.


It's like our magical items. It's not easy to destroy them. Seems like a pretty powerful book.


Matt, I just got a four insight check, as well.


His face touched that. I'm just dipping in.


It's kind of a sticking point for us. You're coming to us with one piece of information that we may be interested in, but you're accidentally tipping your hand towards something else that we want to know about. We know a Meat Man, and he is not you.


Could it just be talk? For instance, there is a rumor of a ghost girl on the docks back in the Menagerie Coast we heard circulating.


Well, if you do damage to him, the spell breaks.


All right. Third one is a 21.


Well as one green to another, we were just told that he might be around and he has some information that we were looking for. We are actually trying to deliver him a bit of correspondence.


What's up, guys?


I don't have any more hands, Caleb, don't do it, don't do it. Oh no! I put my knee up on the hole. Stop it. I'm going to cure your wounds now. Get ready for it, it's going to be so good.


A Deck of Fortune?


The funny thing is--


Charm. Pure charm. See you tonight!


(laughs) Bad car wash.


What if there's something in the middle of the cluster? Can we use a stick or something? You want to use your staff and push the cluster?


You've been abducted-- no, by Captain Tusktooth.


Fuck Lady Kima!


Take this back, will you?


Tie it up and bundle it.


Just ghost ride.


(shouting) Oh this is it! Oh no!


I need a ride as well.


All right, can I get to Pike in 50 feet?


It kind of worked.


I would like to age rage. (all laugh)


Is there mercury in those pools? (laughter)


All right, 32.


I need this right now.


Well, I guess I'll go after I bury duergar.


The place with the airships.


Because of your foot!


Like so many half elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don't fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father, who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax’ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of ten when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Syngorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance. And after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of a thief. While Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt, and to track, to spy, and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear-- her own stolen trinket-- to fight along side her and protect her fiercely. Also he is adorable. And gives expert massages.


I was? I thought Scanlan was.


Goodbye. Thank you.


-- let's stack the deck, all right? I'm still gonna be live bait, because I have an inkling that that thing, whatever it is, with the tentacles on its face--


Only been here two days. Okay, you are down here?


30 or 60.


You know, maybe I should go ahead and just give this to Tary, I can always have Gilmore make another one.


Just think, the fun thing is, I think you're aging much slower than the rest of us.


What do you think, Taryon Darrington? Or Scanlan.


I'm going to-- Very gently, I'm removing the leather armor from the body.


I was going to be at the door.


Did you get it? Did you finally get it?


Those knuckle hairs are like fly legs.


I would like to just sort of shout to my friends. Oi, can we, just before we go, could we maybe just swoop down one more time? Just a quick flyby. I have an idea. I feel like we need just an insurance policy when we go talk to the Myriad fellow. I was wondering if Kiki here could maybe throw a spell down before we leave? Is that something?


It never occurred to you to speak Common. Why would I do that?


What's that? Oh, yes, you're right. That one, I rolled a 19. I will spend the inspiration die and turn it into a 26.


Oh, so we don't have to roll for attack? It's an auto-crit.


Toothy maw is where we end it!


Sure. Two! Plus five.


I think the plan is we take the fight to them.


I start clearing out the materials and throw them in my bag.


It's breakfast pizza, man!


All right, great!


Yeah, this is an annihilation.


Yeah. I mean, there were elements that were hard, but everyone has had hardships, right? What's it matter? Besides, he sent me off to the monks. I think he was hoping that they were going to beat my indiscretions out of me. Instead, I think all of the things that my father saw in me that he hated, the monks saw as a potential advantage. So, in a weird way, I think it might've been the nicest thing he ever did for me.


I still don't have it, I'm trying to--


Aw, it fell out of my hand. I don't think it should count if it fell.


We'll take the smaller ones.


Anyway, being wacky Sam Riegel means I get to tell you that Waterdeep: Dragon Heist is now available on dndbeyond.com and will guide your Waterdeep campaigns from level one to five. For levels five to 20, explore the legendary undermountain dungeon below the city with Waterdeep: Dungeon of the Mad Mage, which is available for preorder and will release on November 2nd. And you guys--


That's it! That's it! That's it! Oh my god, that's it.


I'm in the boat.


Does anyone know how this festival works? What are we celebrating again?


At least for now. I can probably have another made--


I'm back to normal.


Second one, it hits, 18 plus seven.


We tie him up, he shoves a rag in his mouth, I put one hand on the top of his head and the other hand under his chin. Should we bring him back just a little so we can ask him some questions?


I think so.


We're going to kill you now.


Bird in and do a recon mission real quick?


What the fuck is wrong with you? The ones that say no are trapped! How is this hard to understand?!


Are there any religious temples here?


Where do I add money?


Are you saying that Keyleth and I are caught up, at this point? Because I know that people started going out of the temple, Keyleth ran in, I handed Vex to Grog, I ran after.


I'm going to sharpshooter through that shit, see what happens.


We all healed up?


Irregular ones.


Monks, man.


What if it can still hear us? Sense where we are?


-- feet.


Fuck shit up.


You didn't say shit!


Could have. But it's where Pike and her family raised Grog.


Okay, first one's damage would be 14.


Okay, so then what I do is think  All these things can kill me. I back away from the desk. I'm going to move as far as I can away from the dresser, along this way.


We get to play that shit again, right?


Are there any still in there? Or are they all clear?


Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I take up Whisper and I go (unlocking) (wind blowing) and throw it at the wall.


It's gone from exalted to shamed.


Can you unstone Kima now or?


Do I know where that is, which direction that is down here?


Ja, we will take the bigger boat!


And it gives me a little more protection against acid, and it also looks cool. A little darker flair. And so I could communicate with them, I built myself a little earring-- it's a little different from yours, it dangles and it's got a nice gem on the end, because if you're going to wear it, at least look good. And also, in my spare time at Vex's house, when she was asleep-- she's a snorer-- sometimes I would be awake and I would examine her broom a bit and decided to make myself one too. (gasping)


Fuck yes!


I grab-- in my bag I have the charcoal that I once painted half a beard on Grog with, and I use it to draw a little curly mustache on it.


I'll make another reckless attack against him. That's 28 to hit.


Wait. Do you know what's funny? What's funny is, the armor I had before this, that I wasn't paying attention to, was acid resistant! Isn't that funny?


Okay, let me try to pull her out the door.


Cops.


No, I've never seen them before. Have you eaten any of this cheese? It's really good.


I know, but I don't know. They talked about some sort of a gate that keeps the gods out and the bad gods in.


We would love one of those.


Okay guys, let's do a Mass Cure Wounds then at fourth level.


I can do this from 120 feet away, once every six seconds I'm going to use Fire Bolt. I would go (whoosh whoosh) and hit them both.


That's really good. That's really, really good.


I love a good sale, I do.


Of our fantasy world.


I'm from Xhorhas.


Hurry up. Time is of the essence.


You got this. You got this, Pike.


It needs the Sword of Gryffindor.


I'm going to look through the little sliver and I'm going to cast--


Yay! That's seven!


I'm so guilty.


I feel a bit weaker now.


How did you find us here? How did you know to find us here, Pike?


That everything she thought of me when she found me is confirmed now. That I can't be trusted, and I can't protect her.


We rolled real bad.


Okay. 19 plus a million. So it's a--


Right now!


Oh, he needed a massage?


What is involved in signing or binding this contract?


What? Oh my god, you guys.


Teach us your upper-white-male ways!


Then what the fuck does "permanent" mean?


There's no door? It's just open?


I'm reading. While she was doing that, I'm opening the letters from the Baumbauchs.


My God, better miss.


How stupid is it for you to walk up on open road in this place?


You're probably nailing a 250-year-old!


Was this in Port Damali?


Deal with him another day.


I am doing a nature check.


We can't just-- what are we going to do? Just send her on her way by herself?


You got to wear boat shoes!


By all means, Jester.


Survival, hang on. Not my system. Eight.


How many years ago, by the way?


Ooh. Hey, Caleb, look! Don't you want to steal that? It's probably magic.


Fuck these guys! We got all their shit. Let's go!


Have fun!


Yeah, it's a 23.


I quickly whisper to my sister, to the boundaries.


On my staff.


Just add that to the 19 then?


Is it a touch? Oh yeah, it is. Do I have a distance one? No, I do not.


Away.


I start-- as that's happening, I start to pull back and float away and I'm commanding all of my guys to come through the bridge. Because I can command them within 30 feet. So they're now, they're all within 30 feet of me, retreating as well.


Thank you, kind stranger.


Wait a second.


The names of the people we killed? We know their names?


I have a javelin.


'Sup.


By the smaller--


Oh, I'll just keep going with the rest.


Disadvantage? For what?


Yes, I'm going to try some other time.


Vex! Who's taking selfies of her--


You would rage.


The one that protects you psychically, could you repeat that one on the menu, please?


Don't say it.


I'd like to go stand by the giants.


There's some messed-up shit out here.


Will it wear off?


We can go over the wall, around the wall, under the wall--


I'm still trying to pressurize. (laughter)


Nice! Percy's fucked-up tonight, I like it.


Wow, and the shield?


Captain, have you heard of the Tempest Fang?


We'll get her a Tirley Shemple, it's fine.


The zombies are little. They can work their way around.


I feel like we should return this little boy to his family. And see if we can find your grandpa.


Yeah, there were books! There was also a dragon attack.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the Elven capital of Singorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn’t last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (roaring) With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life’s challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn’t enough, (sword unsheathing and slashing) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


I'm trying to find it again--


Well, I-- (sighs)


You're not going to fall, Grog.


Touch.


How much? 4,000?


Yeah, maybe try to push it first.


Oh, thank you. I was just wondering if I could actually just ask you a few questions, on behalf of everybody.


He does take 4d6. Thank you. 13 points of radiant damage. And I'm going to try to hit him again with sharpshooter. 28. I moved that. I'm going to roll it again, because I didn't see what it was. 29 minus five is 24 to hit?


Do it. No! To fight!


You can stay with Pike, for now.


He's going to make noise.


First time.


Vax? I have a sister!


Want me to break in?


Where's a good place to go? I'm looking for a speakeasy. Something off the beaten path.


All at you?


Algar does? Yeah!


I stay up?


Okay, fine, have my d8s.


I'm going to concentrate really hard on my bowels. See if I can see anything.


Caleb is travelling down the rope that Yasha dropped.


So I would have had it when I came in.


I can feel my heartbeat in my face.


Hey, hey, hey, hey.


I don't have the head.


It had ten.


Yeah. I'm touching every cookie in this box.


Advantage is over.


Yeah, but gets me out of commission for a round.


I forgot about that. My b.


What is a super long time? Like ten years? What is that?


There's a big conspiracy to make undead crownsguard here in the city?


I'm gonna start heading down this direction, and I'm going to actually spend a movement, spend my action and move a little further down, about, yeah, about there, so I can start getting a good look of what's up.


But I was stealthed, though.


Are you pirates?


Around the entire wall. Further, past that pool of acid, even. Further corner.


Okay. Which archway did he come from?


Flying V behind you.


Is he awake still or does he--


Then it wasn't there.


Say something really awesome.


Keep a sharp eye, darling.


I use the earpiece and whisper  What are you doing, Scanlan?! What are you doing?!


I'm excited!


What if we lure one of them out for you to fry like a chicken?


There's no lock? Oh, but I rolled a natural 20. Does that help? Let me get through the door?


Cheers. This stuff burns.


Have the guards reported yet?


I think I'm the only character who's spent some time on a boat, at this point.


You look really great in gold.


Keyleth, blow the smoke again. Blow the mist away. If you can.


Yeah, just a minute, hold on. And so like. Hold on. Can I try the keys on Amelia's cell?


I can imagine it in the abstract universe, though. I sure can, Laura Bailey! I sure can!


No, I had that before. Not the same thing.


Yes, Sacred Flame. In the meantime, I'll just stay to myself and maybe try and walk around to, yeah, just like there.


Fomorian?


I don't want to touch anything in here. I don't see any traps--


Now, if I were inclined to be a trap or an ambush of some kind, or-- Those rocks shouldn't be that way, that's all I'm saying.


We're going to kill it.


And that's-- oh, that's not bad. I have new numbers. 16 to hit.


Not higher than 15.


Well when you say it like that... I don't know. I meant only the power that might come before that happens.


Cask. Cask of ale. Cask.


Were you still big, too?


14 for the second one.


I sit up against the bed.


A first Impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kinda sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people’s inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind: Is she even worthy?


You know, I'm not having any luck getting out of this thing. Ah, god. And I get the distinct impression that the whole point of this creature is there's just no escaping it. I'm gonna start trying to cut my way out of this thing. I give up. I'm cutting my way out.


I hired a band of mercenaries to assist me for the first month.


I do read it out loud.


Where can we meet?


Yeah, I know, which is why I shouldn't have given him that brooch. Goddamn it. I may ask for that brooch back.


Stupid doctors, they don't know shit. But people like you inspire me, because up until a few months ago, I didn't need any of that kind of inspiration. So it's great, and your organization's great, so we just wanted to thank you for coming on and speaking with everybody and letting everybody know, and we'll be working together in the future, too, and we'll be doing lots of fun stuff, so yeah. Check these guys out, please.


Oh, then wait until the moment that it's necessary.


Too soon?


Speed of the slowest.


I can carry some. I'm strong.


Partial cover? So it works both ways.


The other two only had eyes that seemed off?


To death?


Molly told all of our fortunes.


Well, you don't have any reason to think that. Could be hanging from a tree branch.


Craven Edge and Grog!


I had four, as well. We are so getting shots later. Like, now.


And I want to meditate specifically on the horn, and I want to use Pike and see if I can channel her vision, focusing on the horn, since that's what we really know. It's pretty much the only thing we know what it looks like.


They have Black Widow.


How do we know if it worked?


His hair is so cool.


Excuse me, how do we know you're going to show up tomorrow? And not just run away with the gold?


So disgusting.


She's on my shoulders.


It was a one.


And he did our theme music.


I'll take the second.


I'll take it back, yeah.


Test them out.


Guys, thought for a second  what if Percy goes as a distraction? Percy goes first.


Okay. I do not have Hex anymore, so that's--


I know, but we'll have to come back here.


That's right, you were talking about them before.


That one that just got up is irritating me, so I'm going to start by shooting him in the face.


At some point, we want to pull out the map and show it to Kiri and see if she can point to anything on the map.


I know, but maybe that's why I feel so good.


Give me the download.


Right. That's a really good Order, right?


It's freaking me out.


It's kind of a pejorative, you know. Do we need to know like-- what kind of "I"? Is this this royal "I"?


A thousand pieces.


But you double your dice because it's a natural crit, because he's five feet away.


And-- fail, like five.


So we're trying to get there.


Then how did we have this whole conversation?


Ooh shit, that's awesome!


Go ahead.


You're tugging--


They sell those stock, right?


Yeah, just keep sleeping.


LePual LePuain. I don't know. That's all I got.


Claudia Sheed.


Can I use Cutting Words?


The end.


Okay. Action and movement will. All right, then I will leave her on top of the wall, and I will use my bonus action to fly within range of baby, and I should have one action left, yeah? Action, action, bonus action, hasted.


Yeah. Who is he to you?


Are you the housekeeper here?


What are the details?


Scars still on the face?


He's got like 5,000 hit points. More than last time.


And then I'll cast Reverse Gravity on everybody. Everybody in there. All their shit.


The ground is hard.


I love having a character who can't read. No pressure.


But smaller.


You're the chosen of Uk'o-- sorry. The sound--


I am sorry. I did not understand that part.


Matt, let's just call a truce.


Does Pike want it? Oh, you?


In the interest of dealing with Thordak, we are going to need access to libraries, any of your people who may know something about this bog, and accommodations befitting those of us who are titled.


You've always ever said that.


And a big skull.


Somebody else is going to do this. We've got shit to do.


I'd like to move closer to the group. (counting) I turn here and I will hold my attack.


Oh, no. I'm with you.


So we'd pass by Hupperdook.


I do have the Dwarven Thrower.


Half of 49.


Go for it, Molly.


Can you do the-- give me a--


What flavors does the Fanta-core come in?


I'm going to use my reaction, because I'm not stunned, to use Hellish Rebuke on you.


I would just pop back to myself. I wouldn't die.


And then I'm gonna go ahead and let me keep track of all this. And I'm gonna go ahead and cast Daylight on Grog's helmet. Are we ready for this, are we going?


What if they are so blind they can't actually see us coming?


I'm in shackles?


Just hold your hands up, hold your hands up.


I will do my best, Beauregard.


Hi everybody.


Let me think about that for a moment. Carry on.


All I'm going to do is go, you know, you seem like a nice guy. I hate to kill you. (laughter)


Well, you better fucking move forward. No, I'm at the threshold of the entrance.


A nice coat can get you porn.


I give her a little fistbump.


It is literally a pig's head.


Some wild dogs attacked our room.


Thank you, everyone!


Three, four, eight. 11 total.


I've never misspent a single coin.


Ja, and what happens to the commerce in the city now that you have fucked that up?


I know, but he's--


Get out of here, Dread.


We are some fast motherfuckers.


You could just say, "Be quiet."


It's not fine.


No, I'm just saying--


I feel this is a little one-sided.


One of them wouldn't happen to be named Ophelia Mardun, were they? No? Okay. That's the woman we have to find for The Gentleman. That's part of the reason we're going.


They said it was the source of their power, right?


Vax, why don't you go mess with them?


I'm telling you. You can get tickets now at PacificRimTickets.com. The movie takes place ten years after the first film. A mysterious organization has reopened the breach for the Kaiju, and a Jaeger has gone rogue. It is up to John Boyega and his sweet 'stache, and his character, Jake Pentecost, to fight back and prevent humanity's extinction. It is out tomorrow.


Looking good.


I have one, too.


There is.


Caduceus Clay.


(shouting) Pick one and focus fire on that one!


That's it, it's just a cantrip.


(laughs) That all feeds right back into the organization, yeah?


(Imitating Jester) Put your tusk in there, Fjord! (laughter)


Did you want to play this game?


We are so strong! We should never fight ourselves.


He's a good guy.


Yeah, they can.


Yeah, you know, Kerr, you're not really helping make me feel better about this. I'm not going to lie.


Yeah, go Trinket.


It's been like a month. He's got to have some cool shit.


Things that are from really fancy places, they always have--


Remember those break-falls you practiced? Like in basketball in high school? Do that.


Maybe we don't all need to go. Maybe just a few, and the others will hang back.


Yeah, I'm going to cast Haste as my action. And I get a second action, now, because I'm hasted, right?


Are we catching them around the same time? This is his shift. Same watch.


Oh, I'm up? I'm a Hold Person!


I didn't want to disturb them.


But we did.


No, but I'm going to be ready to.


How does that save the city?


What was your name again? Fiona Fancypants?


That one uses her turn to cry.


Okay, then I'm going to duck under something so I can cast the spell and then re-stealth before I come back out so I don't bamf in the middle.


As far back as I can without dying.


We get advantage on saves from Pike's spell.


Can I study one of the guys' face, and take that for Alter Self?


I'm a human. I'm made of contradictions. You people wouldn't understand.


She just showed her tits. That's inspiring!


Assassin, yeah.


To that same one, or a different one?


What was that? I heard some of the whisper. I heard it was crazy!


No! You're the charmer! I'll stay on the ship.


Okay. Come along, dear.


Woo-hoo, 13!


How much is she, though?


What, Tom Hanks isn't?


Oh, so it, (explosion). That's cool.


Of course! Really, I was invisible, you guys. I wasn't there.


Oh, you're just hoping? First one was really good.


We're gonna go--


What is it with you and Kima?


Wish I had more.


We have to move quick.


How about we dive bar it tonight, then?


After about a month or two of being hobos, I guess, she wanted to do something. You know, anything. She was getting bored, she's young. So I told her, I don't really have anywhere to go, but I do know of two fuckfaces I have to get revenge on. I asked her if she'd be interested in that, and she said, fuck yeah! So she came down with me. We got a boat, went across the sea, and we went back to that casino. It was really the only piece of unfinished business from our time together that I had to deal with.


You turn on yourself.


Might I remind you I am unable to get an erection at the moment?


In Vasselheim there is.


Can I remove that?


Follow up the arrow.


So what's our plan? Do we attack this thing with brute force? How do we corrupt the ground? You can turn the ground to stone, will that help anything? Right?


Do you mind if I carry that?


My armor class is-- what is it? It's 15.


Wait, there's three options for these people, and they have to decide for us. They can stay here and live in the sewers. They can go to, what's it called?


Yeah, Merkel's wife.


Until you get hit, and then it's gone for the round but resets for the next round.


Scanlan's in traffic.


That's clever.


Thanks. And I don't get to attack.


So are you!


The Kima hole. (laughter)


He's going to phone a friend, but in the case the friend is Nathan Stewart. "Hey, Chris Perkins?"


Yes. All right, here we go.


Should we take a 30-minute rest and roll some hit points?


Sure. Can't access that.


Small critters.


I actually don't know. It says it's a plus-three longsword. Does that mean it's 1d8 plus three?


Because we need to heal. I am pretty low.


Sure, yes, we can do the mansion.


You don't.


Also, I am a collector of rare tomes. I have a great appreciation for literature. Where might I find the most--


Ooh! I'm sneaky sneaky! Unless you want to do it.


Kame--


They don't relock when I go?


Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for my tail to hit you in your rear end so sharply. Sometimes it has a mind of its own.


As he's doing this, I'm writing the sigil that I'm seeing forming in my--


Friendly fire just turns Grog on.


That's right, yeah.


They don't look like the big kahuna, they look like the underlings?


But did they come from the house, or from outside the safe house, or inside?


We also need-- oh.


Uh, no, they exist until I dispel them.


Again, there's not much I can do-- I'm going to step in front of Caleb, in an attempt to be another target, and I'm going to try again with Vicious Mockery.


That's the same roll. That's 12.


Yes. I've known you for 19 years and I think anybody's capable of anything, so why don't you do something unexpected?


Oh, thank you. And what a room to brighten.


Everyone, get in Percy's workshop and we're going to talk this out.


No no no no!


Whisper.


All right. Then let's fucking go!


We were actually thinking of going that way.


They all know each other.


Not good. 13.


You've never heard of safety in numbers and all that shit?


I killed two people!


I have advantage, right? I'll take that 15. Thank you. It was a one. So that's 28.


Our notes on the Shadowfell.


Don't see why we can't do both.


A little nostalgia in that for you, yeah?


Is that your first time killing something? Or somebody?


The tail held me in place.


We're all clear?


Yes, it would help me look a bit more impressive in the eyes of my younger comrades.


I want a Fanta-core right now.


Indeed we would. This is most gracious of you, Lawmaster Norda.


Is that how it works?


That's true, but the full point of this, and the point I'm trying to make, is that with a group like this with very untrustworthy people, you've got to trust each other-- because you have to trust somebody. You can't trust not anybody, because you're just alone.


Moist.


It was amazing. I'll never forget it.


Which one of you wants to go first?


But Shakäste, I got you that nice arrow.


I would like to move the boulder.


You as well.


Do you think your cousin would hold for a couple more days? Could he see the sense of planning that longer?


I spent some of the morning just with a little piece of parchment paper and a pen, just writing out something.


Perimeter check.


Yeah, I'll hang out with you. I really want to see it, too.


That's really good.


All right, right behind Grog. I should be within 60 feet of the efreeti.


Wait, are these 12s?


Me? What about Jes?


Anything that we were going to do would be near the road anyway.


I should mention, I suppose, that these rifles are probably very breakable.


I will use it as a Interposing Hand, blocking him from approaching us. And I will use my movement to climb into the circle of good.


I can certainly, 20 minutes in advance, get it going again. As long as I can focus, indefinitely.


As we're mounting up or getting ready to do something, I'm going to go over to Jamedi Cosko and just say: Hey, Jamedi.


No, who?


It's Friday.


Well we should bring him out just to, just 'cause-- Otherwise he just sat around for nothing.


I start running after him, and I'm hasted.


'X'. All right.


This is a rare artifact I've been looking for for quite some time.


In theory, we've moved it aside.


I'll make a perception check at that door.


I will take the pair.


No, I think maybe we should enlist the help of a dwarf here in the city to introduce us to Nostoc. I mean, we're not trying to raise hell, or bring down a thousand dwarves upon us.


Might as well, yeah. So is Protto within 120 feet?


Look around for anything in the room that can be stolen?


Well, then.


I think we are in the situation we're in because we now know how much we don't know. How much I don't know. I'm not prepared. If we face them now, I'm going to get you all killed.


In the meantime, me and Jester are like What’s taking them so long?


Is she talking about me? That's awesome!


Well, I didn't know that. (laughs) It's done.


(whispering) Get the manhood thing.


And then I will move as far as I can towards Nott.


You have the spell!


No, it's not! Don't use luck!


We're going to be fine, anyway. We have the mansion.


Thanks, Kiki!


Beau does pushups while waiting for Molly.


That makes sense.


That sucks. I can't crawl backwards? I can't, y'know, like-- butterfly effect?


(quietly) Grog likes scars.


He's real?! He's there?!


She didn't feel anything. She doesn't have actual nerves.


Well, you don't even know. Give it a try.


No. Can you resist it?


It was like 30.


Oh, sorry. I'm Calianna, you can call me Cali.


She has a really bad limp.


(knocks on table)


It's really pretty, thank you.


What are you? What the fuck are you? Oh my God!


You don't have the-- the rock doesn't work until we sleep. You don't have anything.


Right, put this on layaway?


They're great at one dish.


You just clapped a fairy to death. That's actually literally the opposite.


Do you want it out in the woods?


Bob and weave, Fatty, bob and weave!


We got to get the cart!


Yeah, the main road away from the Menagerie Coast.


I will also inch back and try to heel the dog.


I guess I'll scoop my money back into my pouch and leave.


(laughs) Just a belt. A really glorious belt. Over the dwarven belt.


We don't know that this feathers are her parents.


I use Hellish Rebuke.


Less than a Bowl of Judgment?


What would that do?


I put Vax's dagger in my back pocket. Cover it up with my shirt.


It's in an even bigger theater. We had an amazing time last time, and this theater is even larger, and will be mad, mad crazy.


Anything on the right?


Are we going to have this discussion right here, in the street?


Yeah, it sounded bad when it came out.


I wonder what Keyleth is doing. She's squeaking an awful lot. (Marisha imitates squirrel)


Oh, jeez. Everybody but Keyleth take one?


He read you bedtime stories.


Two heavy cross-- Oh you've got--? Yeah.


Can I-- no, it's fine.


And we acquired our bear.


(snivels)


Yeah! Rushing off to Draconia to buy a Bag of Holding.


I take my staff and pure brute anger, right across his face.


I will make four globules of light, and I will try to put two of them on our side and two on the other side.


Fuck. Ten.


No, you don't.


Oh, geez Louise.


I'll look for people hiding.


Back to Pumat's.


A lot of bad decisions. Several boats.


I have to go after the hand, I must kill Vecna, I have to do these things.


Just say 20.


Vex! Here we are!


Oh, yeah. Who knows what Marisha did while we were out there?


He was helping.


Obviously I am very interested in learning. Is it easy to gain admittance? Do you know that sort of thing?


You mean climbing under the desk?


Whereas he still hasn't found what he's looking for.


Oh, we haven't rolled!


Quite-- well, hmm. Liquefied, but mostly functioning. Hello, I don't think we've met. Percy Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. And you are?


(singing) Don't worry, be happy now.


Okay. Maybe we go ask them and say--


Is there anybody in town I could leave that with and pay to do that?


Activate the flaming warhammer.


Oof. Okay, 17.


I mean, anybody would, but--


Thank you. And I pull a twisted blackened twig out and point it at her and cast Witch Bolt at fourth level.


Not all dead.


Rolled a one.


Oh, low rolls at both?


Wait, so who's going up?


Are we tabling the book, then?


Wait, carpet's in the acid?


No. We're drunk. Here's what we should do.


Oh, no. No, I have no specific destination in mind. I'm happy to accompany you if the group sees fit.


But then I see and I'm like  Oh, I got them. So I think it's now time to impress Grog a little bit, because he knows-- He goes into a rage.


Can I burn my action as a dash?


We'll be coming right back down. We just need to get them to safety.


You used to be a regular?


I have such a clear picture in my head, now that we've built it.


It's an Elysium tree, just saying.


I'm coming down-- an illusion of me is coming down the stairs. I'm going to try and ventriloquist the illusion to say, Hey chrome dome--


Do we not own anything anymore?


Water Closet!


Our mighty DM versus Hercules.


I will do anything for $100,000. (laughing)


You're just much smaller, I mean, I didn't realize. Why don't you just go back to looking like Aes?


13 for the second attack.


I grabbed your pants and I pulled them down to your ankles.


I was quite frightened, most of the time. I didn't know what was going on. I couldn't cast spells and I was-- Let's help Vax.


Your nearly dead sister.


You look like a fine wine, you just got better with age.


Wow, I feel so warm and cuddly.


What do you mean, passing through?


Are they?


Yeah, it's not like you'll be there to collect.


Oh, with disadvantage. Doesn't it count as disadvantage by destroying the rest of my dice?


Oh, no, are you already drunk, Keyleth?


And I'll shoot again. Why not? With advantage still?


It's a rookie rogue mistake. It happens in the beginning.


Did you just grease? Did you just grease that with tears?


Okay, I don't know if that's good, 16.


Give it to me!


"Wow, this quinoa's pretty good!"


What do you need a writing desk for?


So we’re going to go in and out of this room several times tonight?


What size are the stones? Just curious.


I have about the amount of a plum, wrapped in--


What kind of classes? Have you been going to night school?


Seven! She's so good at initiative rolling.


I am gonna keep my gaze averted, but I just heard it, and I'm gonna--


He's a year old.


Wait, there's one more. I have a thing. This is not an announcement. One of the artists in our community, Jason deBit, who's been with us since the very beginning-- old-school Critter, has made great art, he's made art on his son's sandwich bags for years, and he made a lot of Critical Role art, too. He contacted me a couple of weeks ago and said something's coming, be on the lookout for it. He gave me a vague idea of what it was and didn't prepare me for what I'm about to show you guys. It's cabbage. So this is another example of how unbelievable the people in our audience are. So Jason had an idea in 2016 to take a sketchbook and mail it around to other artists in the community. This book and this box, because it's covered in notes, I'll let you guys look later, but this book has been traveling the planet since 2016. Instantly started crying looking at this book. The rules, "When you finish with this book, email Jason, yadda yadda, if you use a medium that bleeds-- Decorate it, send it on to the next person." It's been traveling. The very first one, I'll find some-- Kat Winslade has done art for ages. I can't. I just can't.


After she left our room to go find him, I start to suit up, and I'm looking in a full-length mirror at the new fucking kraken beak gouges down the front of me. And I notice that my two notes are out of place. So I'm going to shove them back into the folds that they're supposed to be in. And spend a couple minutes to button all the way up and leave the room.


Did it make its wisdom saving throw when it attacked me?


And are there any tracks or footprints ahead of Pike and I?


It's small?


Man, I got the full wizard experience tonight.


Okay. That's 22 for one.


He's counting hands, not fingers.


Well, if we've got your code name, what'll we call you?


I'm confused, did you have advice?


Death saving throw?!


Yeah, well, isn't Allison not cool with Avantika, and the enemy of my enemy is my friend, right? So why would we want to get Allison in trouble?


Of course not, darling.


Wait, no one studies history, really? Do you not have a good public school system or something? I was just curious.


You're safe now!


What do you use them for?


Maybe don't ever do that again, please.


The Broker. He has been seeking me and I have been hiding here, but no longer. He has found me. This mark, it means that I cannot hide any longer. I must leave.


I'm running up to the tower as quickly as I can.


Help. Help help help. Help help. Help help help. (laughter)


Which one are you? Are you Jester?


We're all just going, and I'm keeping watch?


How does it work?


Damn it. Because that would've been amazing if he just died.


Yeah, we all go inside.


After all, we are going on a three-hour tour.


Wink!


(high-pitched) I'm sorry, Wilhand.


I'm going to hang back. I think that's the way to go.


If you guys don't mind, just pick up the rest of the carts, all of it. I haven't seen them in so long.


I actually have Commune with Ducks.


Okay. Can I sink into the ground?


We burn the house down, and we find a place to hole up for the night.


Sure, why not?


You look like me.


You don't know anything about Orcus, do you?


These are very scary people, you guys. They left him in a very horrible state and I would not like to see that again.


Oh, yeah! [laughter]


Miss! The second one.


I think this is a great idea.


Where's his shipment from?


Well, we're twins, so, you've died, I've died. (all laugh)


Well, they know we're here now.


Get it girl.


I'll come with you too because I really want a bath.


His ways are mysterious, my love.


Well, I'd scry.


K'vah? I thought it was K'varn.


Probably should've brought a ranger with you, I'm really good at tracking.


Insight! Which one of them looks most interested in our party.


Oh, that's right, you hate fish!


Yeah, and I'll try and get behind-- I've got a 40-foot movement.


I'll descend to the floor, keeping about 60 feet from the outside of the doorway.


Wait, are you going in? Are you infiltrating?


(singing) Wait for it to go again and bump, bump, bump.


Do you have the papers with you that you pulled from Raishan? Are those with us?


Is it a leap year?


Just hits, great, okay. 1d10. That's seven and nine. So 16 points.


There are DCs up to 30?!


Yeah, so--


-- weird dragon creatures. What if they scare them the other way?


Caleb we need you.


Survival roll? Well, I'm going to use Luck, because I slept. Yeah. 18.


It was me the whole time.


It's good, it's good.


At all. Nine.


You've got a toe nubbin.


She's a very good swimmer.


He's right here!


Thank you. Thank you. I mean, listen. I just wanted to welcome everybody. No, no. They don't actually let me out a lot and I was-- you know-- when I got the scroll in front ... it was just-- This is my best robe.


We even have a geographic-- demographic location to like--


I would like to hide behind 50 characters now.


All right. Roll out. (laughter)


Stop looking up her skirt, brother.


And Indian food, apparently.


We're going to be following the people who have been here before.


Oh, you have Knock. That's right. Fuck yes.


Percy, is that last barrel for you?


We could break this up. Scanlan casts the mansion, we split the party, and we have a stealth team go get the sword and come back--


I wasn't, but I did.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don’t fully accept her. Born of a human mother and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of 10 when the two were taken from their mother and brought to live in Singorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear - her own stolen Trinket - to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also he is adorable, and gives expert massages. (drumming battle music) (drumming battle music continues)


Just like Blink.


Me too, because mountains are my favorite--


(grunts) Can I run over to the thing--


And what happens when he asks why we were there in the first place?


A fun trip.


I know. I was happy for a long time.


No, I need to process.


Well, I'll try not to, but it seems like a plan B at this point.


Can you ride on Bigby's Hand through it?


Yeah, you could've used Luck.


I roll, I roll four. Hold on. 19.


Thank you. 29. I'm not used to that.


The who? What?


You said 50 points of damage?


This temple is very... it's lovely.


You should know that whatever happened to that first man when he attacked the woman, she caught whatever he had.


I'm going to try and climb up on top of the wall.


Just keep doing that.


Okay, Tiberius.


Natural 20, Grog.


Oh. Right. I open the door.


Episode two just came out.


What kind of a drink?


You look pretty shitty, too.


Run towards Scanlan, and I want to grapple him. Hopefully he just takes it. No, not that far. One square back. Right there! Grab him. And I'm using my bonus action to dash and then drag him backward, behind Grog.


Stay away from the water, is what I take from it!


You got this, Percy.


True, but I had the advantage of being able to buy my way in.


All the money’s gone!


That's really irritating. I wasted so much grit, and nothing's happened. All right, I'm going to back up even further out of the room. I'm going to back up to the very edge.


What do we have?


What is wrong with you?


Should we draw them out?


Vanessa, we've done many jobs together. And I think we've been very loyal to you. We've brought in a lot of money for you. My only request is, is there anything extra? Are there any spare potions, any amulets of protection, anything? You know this is going to come to us.


And the edge of the map this way?


Yeah. Oh no, I know what--


This is, by the way, for anybody tuning in for the first time at home, this is how we express that we have no idea what to do.


This is my stuff.


We are affiliated with the king.


Grog! Will you put those away!


That's a two plus nine. This is Keen Dagger. Nine. Plus 12, 17, 21. That's 21. 30.


I'll drive the cart.


No. Last one?


I know this is, did you say Orcus, is that his name?


I think we're just going to throw her into the acid pits. No, I don't feel...


I haven't hit anything in forever.


Okay, then I'll just attack him with my-- I'll just attack him.


Everything within ten feet.


Jugs and rods.


That sounds amazing. I will do that.


(singing) Critical Role! [water bubbling] [thunder] [explosion] (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme]


You have a bonus.


He's sneaky, we can't be as invisible as him. All right.


(Mickey Mouse voice) Hail, seitan!


Even specialer gloves.


Okay, that's what we decided to do?


I'm okay. I have a lot of armor.


Oh no, it's all...


On the count of what?


Oh, okay. Is this through the cone?


He meditates?


I'm going to crouch, even in the thing.


Well, I guess that just leaves me, then.


100d6 dice, yeah.


And then I also directed the voices for-- And Ashley Johnson is in The Witness. And I also got to direct most of the voiceover for, what's it called? Lego Marvel Avengers, which everybody--


It's like a training session.


Yeah, whose turn is it?


Oh, hey, Cad! Will you go get Nott?


Right. I suppose, what would you put in the letter to the Plank King?


Don't one of y'all have a copy of yourselves that you could send in a certain distance?


Ja, effective.


Good thing I'm strong then, huh?


All right. I will inspire you with some bullshit.


Is that something you can do? You're good at finding traps. Are you good at setting traps?


How deep is the cave-in? Okay.


I can't believe I'm about to say this.


Also the dragons know that the last dragon who came here died.


I duck back behind the tree.


Have you stumbled upon Vesrah?


Sorry, Matthew.


I stand next to him and stare at Chod-- Lionel in the sand pit.


So he rolled stealth, and he did, and saw or whatever, and then when I came back out, and I found out about it.


Thank you for trying.


I just wanted to say the things that we're supposed to say, which is, our sponsor Lootcrate, this was their last month's theme, 'build'. This month's theme is 'primal', featuring brands like X-Men, Overwatch, and Predator. If you go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the promo code 'criticalrole', one word, you get 10% off. I've prepared a very, very small bit tonight, because I knew we had the unboxing to do. I thought for our international audience, they might like to know how to say Lootcrate in different languages. So I did some really good research. Not five minutes on Google Translate, I'll tell you that much. In Spanish, Lootcrate is 'las ganancias cajas'. In German, it's 'der Zaster Casten'! In Japanese, it's 'senri-hin kureto'. In Latin, it's 'praedam corbis'. In Dutch, it's 'buit krat'. In Swedish, we're talking 'plundra spjällĺda'. And in Klingon, (yells in Klingon). (all cheer)


Yes, still doing a great job with the calm, there.


I don't. You gave us the option.


Here's my question to Dolan, why do you want-- Horris wants to be in the office?


Like a people mover.


Fuck the ambush. There's nine of us. One of him.


I mean...


Hello there. Excuse us. We are of the Slayer's Take-- Is that a good thing?


He's not listening. We're girl pow-wowing right now.


Noticing that, I turn and just sort of look at my sister for 5 or 10 more seconds.


Oh, he's missing a hollow, right?


All I'm hearing in my head is Careless Whisper now.


I'm going to go past where Vax is in the room down that hallway, then I'm going to do my Mage Hand thingy again. Oh, my Prestidigitation.


I don't say anything. (long pause)


Maybe you have to roll it angry.


Let's leave it alone. Let's get the letters in and the seals. Let's place it all.


I shoot my gun next to it.


It's like our retainer fee.


He has not realized this is possibly a poor idea.


Shoot.


We can always take it back.


It's just a plus two? Oh, wait. Wrong guy! Ooh, 19.


No, you only roll the d4 once.


And two damage dice. 57. 61.


Wait, what are you saying? You had knowledge? You didn't build that without inspiration? What do you mean?


Well, I feel we're seeing your true talents.


Give me a damn ring.


Sure? Yes!


I'll climb up the ladder and get just under the stained glass window.


I'm going to sneakily do it, though.


Do we think we need to cast unique spells into those bowls for each of the three schools of magic? Which is what Jester said.


Yeah, I could down there.


Ooh, brain suckers.


Not the modifier, though?


All right, then.


Yeah. What are we going to do until then?


So the first one is crap. That's five damage.


Third is a 15.


Mary and Felicia don't know. This is fun, come on.


Do you have to do the hands?


Well, it's 1d4 plus one, and I rolled it last time, and I rolled a four, so it's 1d4 plus one.


All right. We can go.


Awesome. I'm going to do my bite attack again. Oh, wait. That's a d20. Eight damage. Piercing damage again.


Who!


And the dwarf appears alive?


Yeah. All of these guys.


No, on elementals. Four, five, nine, 14, plus eight is 22, plus four is 26, plus two is 28. 28 Blight damage.


You got a Trinket?


Now fly, damn it.


It's a little something we like to call--


Thanks, guys. I feel so validated.


Okay. She's locked up.


But I don't know which way I am going at the moment, so DM, which way does my keen, addled mind tell me the direction I just went. South?


Is it okay?


Can I just say, real quick, before we adjourn, there was something that you were reluctant to do because of your own personal fears, and you entrusted Jester to inspire you to do something that was possibly uncomfortable for you, and it worked out great! I think that moving forward if you want to just go for it! As long as you have trusted friends with you, then that would be a good option to do.


Well, I can switch with Cad.


Seriously, I do not trust these people.


I think if you give him a chance, he'll do you right.


Understandably.


(sighs) If we have just enough time, I'd like to try to go to the temple and the cemetery. Leave, maybe Grog and Vex to guard Keyleth.


We're doing stealth checks?


Hi. Right.


12. My lowest possible initiative.


Is that now or when they move?


Sheesh! Okay.


I like it! I like dicks!


It was a waste of fucking time. Let's press on.


Okay. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't like, there's a big boss and then there's skitterers and then there's also little babies that cry out.


But Matt, she's our guest!


How far away is it from me?


Fun fact, Matt's house is actually made of Dwarven Forge.


Alive?


Oh, 30. No, I've been rolling at disadvantage for-- it's 30 or 120 from the Tinkertop Boltblaster. I rolled at disadvantage last time.


Yeah, how close am I to him?


I understand the Stormlord is to be feared and respected.


Hey! I'm invisible! Here I am.


I like that you don't know where your perception is right now.


Man, trolls are so cool!


Wait. She gets my inspiration on this throw.


They come back.


A lot.


She's not unconscious, right?


Until you get there. Maybe you have to be close enough. You go in, try and get them out. You come out, send a signal through Caleb that you're out, and then Caleb does a big Slow thing, slows them down. We go in, punk their asses. We win. We're victorious.


Okay. I will cast Identify on this.


Can I put on my Boots of Levitation?


Oh no, I'm fine. I've got this. This is no problem.


Ugh. Should we try breathing it and see what happens?


Did you do them?


That was hot. (laughter)


85?


Okay, and I'm throwing shit, no problem.


It would be insane.


But we will be back because we like you so much!


Look, you can turn this to your advantage. Brain drain him for all the knowledge you can!


Travis, bring me pickles!


A really hot dragon. I remember thinking he was really cute. I had a thing for General Krieg. I was really sad when it turned out he was--


Oh yeah, you want to cuddle with that?


65 percent of my strength is used.


What?! No!


Which one of these do I roll for damage?


(high-pitched) Serpent?


That's for a magic item?


You are always part of our journey, no matter where we go, Pike.


It's a blank piece of paper.


Seeing how fast she's running, I go into a rage.


A bit, yes.


Okay, sure. You'll hold my drink while I sing. This is just a song to show you how much you mean to me and how close we've become over these years. It's a long one. (rapping) Don't be tired, I'm here to inspire. Before you blow out, let me light your fire. I got no choir, just a gnome and a lyre. So listen up to Burt Reynolds, esquire. (rhythmic clapping)


I've been practicing in the sand to impress Keyleth. Working on the elevator. I haven't figured it out yet, because I don't know what that is.


You can heal yourself.


What is this thing, Garmelie?


I cast Pass Without Trace on us, so we all got plus ten.


I got a nine.


Even though I am high up?


Is that cool with you, Caleb?


Yeah, well, you do what you have to.


All right, here's the thing. I have an 8th-level spell left, and I have a 9th-level spell left. I want to save one of those. I can Move Earth and make 40-foot tunnels for up to two hours as I go.


I don't want it! I don't like it!


I'm going to spend a ki point now to do two more, flurry of blows.


That was plus five.


-- 20!


Oh, yes, I hired him to protect me because you know I'm very fragile and delicate, but if he doesn't look well enough to be my guard, you're welcome to walk me instead.


Yeah, I'll just find a little hiding spot somewhere, like around--


But you can't see, Beau.


We're not here to go spelunking. Why are we going to go in this cave?


I poop on one of them as I go over.


We didn't really have any.


So I double the damage die-- or I roll two more damage dice after this.


