I think we have one. We can go blow up his house. That seems petty.


Frumpkin would have seen that, as would I.


He's got the maps out already. Get your shit together, man.


Shit. Nine.


She's very loyal.


I have danger sense.


Okay. Trinket's going to hang out because I don't want to-- you know. I'm going to shoot Conjure Barrage. No, I'm just going to shoot him twice.


You can call me Mr. Reynolds or simply Burt.


All right. That's disturbing.


A little halfling girl!


(sputtering, sighs)


All right, he's on the broom with me.


If we can get them all clumped together, I can throw down a few Fireballs and Flaming Spheres and probably take a lot of them out. But I need them clumped together.


I think he'd kill both of them. I think sending it with-- Just sending it to him and just giving it to him--


I'm gonna cast it at a level four. Fuck it.


30 gold a gnoll ear?


You're gonna get to sleep on a hammock, Grog.


Never mind. I'll just be myself for right now.


Yeah, he needs a stiff drink.


Migratory, perhaps.


Sweet!! Ooh, so I double all my dice?


We're waking up, we're waking up. Don't worry, we are gonna heal you.


(whispers) We should go!


Man, I love her so much.


19 years you've been here, ever since your master died trying to enter and got tricked into one of my traps, and now you're here-- does that answer your question?-- now, why don't you tell him what I just said?


Does the fourth one look just like you?


Question for the DM  Before, when I was watching him shove the Pelor trammel in, did it look like it took a lot of muscle, specifically, to get it in there?


I don't speak your language.


But still standing?


That's what I was trying to do.


Is Ogden the one in the sphere?


Literally anything else.


I'm going to take two more shots right above his head.


I need to move.


We're all sitting around in this room, watching him watch TV, essentially.


You've got the witch problem to deal with.


Oh, he's going to Dimension Door out.


If you want a more proper and private tour of the city, consider the offer open. Just think about where you'd want to start. The offer does stand, though. Have a good evening.


I run to the body of the big demonic thing and start going through it.


Do you want to ride on my back? I am a very good swimmer.


Oh. Sounds like fun.


Right, okay, so whatever.


No, sorry, sorry. 24.


What's under the freakin' lake, Matt?


He's wearing a necklace? I will bonus action try to steal his necklace.


All right. I thought that meant that, sorry. All right, I'll take it. Four, seven, 13, 25. Added to what I said before, which was eight, so 33.


That tasted like forearm. Okay, I'm good. Wode, do you want to go back up-- (hiccups) -- stairs?


Correct. Double damage. So (laughs) okay. So does full damage, plus five, so that's 21-- 42 points of damage.


Well, let's keep you away from it for now, darling. Have a sip of firewater, just to warm you up.


Jester Fancypants.


Do you have any bracelets? A goblin took my jade one.


I'll take two.


May we try it?


Money is meant for spending.


It's touch.


Grog, you should probably help them with all of your magic powers.


I'm trying to find where I wrote down Bryce's connections. I think I wrote it down in a different--


We have to avoid the traps.


It was a magic shop, right?


For the second one, it's a 21.


All right, I'm picking up Tiberius' stone butt and continuing--


I'm going to blind him. With Blindness in his eyes.


Made of goats?


Floorboards! In her face!


I wasn't going to break it, I was just going to fray it.


We still need to fix that. Yeah I'm half-elven.


I do not succeed. It's a three.


That was such a gentle roll.


We're trying to make everyone know that we're here.


Well, this is his card. I put it next to the little stick.


Yeah! Well, of course I do, I always have a lot of stuff on me, here you go.


Oh, this is really cool, look at that.


I don't even need to touch it, but would you trust me to study it for a moment?


When he left, he said something that caught my ear, which was that he heard. He heard Pike and his daughter, calling to him.


I mean, yeah, he doesn't respond to us.


Let's go get him laid.


Okay, what do we wanna know?


If we have to use an opal we can.


They looked pretty cool.


The only way to get in is an eight-foot climb on a rope?


You killed someone who was sleeping with your boyfriend?


I'll give my position up to Caduceus or Jester, either one.


No, she is the chosen of--


So you're just, out of the good of your heart, wanting to redistribute a little bit of funds to help out a few less fortunate people, that's all you have in this?


Excellent. Good to know. Oh my god, that's bullshit. Ten points, three necrotic, so it's ten points of damage.


And it's very unfortunate. And it's some kind of fey creature. So what's a fey creature that's a challenge rating of two that would make sense? That's really scary?


I will run. Nope, I will fire again. (reloading) Same place.


Can I focus and summon my falchion into my hand?


All right, I call my sister over. I'll hold her, you talk.


(whispering) It's so quiet.


You can take it.


While everyone's figuring it out--


I get a plus six. Oh wait.


Just curious, can we draw the third hand? I just want to feel what it feels like to win once.


(laughs) What is the meaning of life?


No, we thought maybe one or two things.


Yeah. I stand outside the tavern with Grog and wait for everybody to get inside.


Oh no. Yeah, that's a six.


Well, it won't hurt them. It just makes it look different.


Dual wielding! Are you proficient in that?


And a promise. It will be done.


It's a good spot.


We asked her who she was. She lied. A lot.


Okay. I'll write it down for Jester, but for everybody else-- (laughter)


Dueling natural 20s? Their arms rip off. Blood is everywhere.


I've got aberrations. It's not a celestial, probably. It didn't seem like an elemental. So I've got fiends. Those are guys that come from--


Okay. Does it look like it's safe to bring everybody up here or does it seem like anything's around that could see us? Anything looking from above?


I wanna shoot everything with it.


Yeah, we'll do something.


Let's go, yes!


Can I shift to her right flank, just at the corner of the mausoleum structure? Right there.


That's my favorite chapter.


Never been in?


It is 5d12.


(groans) It's--


Yeah, really, con modifier?


It's like watching a movie.


Second one.


I don't want to waste that.


It smells salty. Salty versus a little bit of a raw, but grounded spicy flavor. I like that one. Let us go see the priest. Thank you, smell bag.


I'm fine trusting her. I was fine trusting Clarota.


Oh no, again?


Oh, I didn't roll to shake off the fear.


What's in the tent?


I'll stand over him. I told you before. No one kills you but me. And I think back to being in Percy's workshop at Greyskull Keep and I say, I love you too. And I reach back and I slap the ever-loving fucking shit out of his dead face. (all laugh)


Oh, it doesn't?


That's just a wee jump to that tower now!


Around the building. Sorry, Vax. I don't really know you're there, but around here and around here, and I'm sure I see Vex shooting at things, right? I'm going to try and go around.


At advantage though, right? Because of the Heroes' Feast.


This is a little love to YouTube. Now you've got four days to figure your stuff out.


That's tough.


Yeah, I have a feeling it's right in the middle of the archipelago that's just south of here. Maybe a day and a half, maybe two days most, depending on--


--to bring back to the group.


Matt's doing something.


Our other option being fleeing the city? There were no postings for--


I will step forward and say, hello, there. (whispers) I'm real.


I thought if they could see you--


That's what I think is my way downstairs, so I go toward the trapdoor, see if I can't get in.


All right. Well, let's do that, then. You go to school.


It's royal "we".


Might not need the same thing.


What if it's just like a Jug of Holding? Like you could just keep putting stuff in it?


That means tomorrow it's coming back.


Oh shit, sorry! I was just trying to-- That's how I get rid of the poison. (airy fart)


All right. Well, I rolled 21.


I've got an axe. I'll show you.


Should we guess? Was it public nudity?


Is the power out of the DM's hands for a moment?


I used one last time.


Collect them.


I always thought that's how it was done.


What is the attack for that, by the way? I think I might have that here, hold on, where is it?


Then you get advantage!


Oh, I don't know about that.


Have you ever seen an unicorn?


In Krieg's house.


I go over and cast Create Water.


That'd be my thought. That's where I would go.


The door is steel reinforced, lined and bolted to the wall; it's not going anywhere. This room is designed to explode.


Sorry. I didn't think about that last time.


That asshole.


So what is it, ten minutes now? I think it remember the ten-minute thing--


It's in the letter.


I would like that. I would like that very much; he was very good to me when a lot of people in my life haven't been, but he was holding the sphere-- how could he be holding it if I was?


I don't need any help to dance better! I dance pretty good.


I'm trying real hard right now. Like, so hard.


Do you want me to hold your glasses again for you?


Double damage on cows. Yeah.


I've been beating math for 20 years. I'm very good.


How long have you known him?


So much has happened.


Okay, here's a couple silver for you. Thank you.


Even outside of this building?


Oh, shit. Why didn't I go above the canopy before?


"Give me a little space. Let me look at this." Can I detect traps on his bands?


And don't do anything crazy anymore. No deals with Raven Queens, all right? Let's not fight any more gods.


A ten! Plus my monk level, right? Which is five.


I would have made my way a little bit further.


On Tuesdays.


Yes. It will take a lot of hard work.


They're asking the question.


Vex, if you, if you look like Cassandra, you could conceivably get in front of the Briarwoods without them knowing that it's an enemy for a moment. Maybe long enough to fire off one of your-- don't you have some sort of sunbeam arrow or something?


I think it's like a black. I don't know. Matt, what is it?


Oh no, I like him! Damn it.


Oh yes. This is quite a project.


Yeah, he's a good guy.


Again with the burning thing.


How far? Scanlan's only like a foot away from me, right?


Great. Fuck you, asshole!


Is it something I would know?


The chat did this to us?


This is so dark.


We would also possibly like to make a donation. And I pull out the Manual of Quickness of Action, place it upon the table.


That is verbal, somatic, and material. A pinch of soot of salt which I throw out in front of me.


As long as we can pick some locks, untie some ropes.


Before we do anything else.


It's pronounced siggle.


She's being commandeered.


Makes things more difficult.


It's already good.


One, two, three? Don't know who you're point-- oh, everybody?


Excuse me! Speaking as someone who has been fucking depressed for a long time-- Look me in the eye. I was shit for months. And you are one of the main reasons I am out of that now. We would be dead, all of us, if it weren't for you. The first time we fought Raishan, we would all be dead. You are in a pity party right now, and I know you're hurting, and I'm sorry you're hurting, and I love you. But you are lying to yourself, that you have been no use to us. You are lying to yourself.  If you wanna retire, if you wanna go off with your daughter, that's fucking wonderful. I encourage you to do it. But don't lie to yourself.


I will go through and wait for a tickle.


What do I get? A d4?


Quiet, shut up!


Do you want me to go scare it out or something?


I would like to think that he does laugh hideously and despises himself for it.


18 points of damage.


Jeez. We're all about to die tomorrow or the day after.


Which hits, and since he's up against Keyleth I get sneak attack damage.


I feel like he's invulnerable.


I'm going to take the rest of my burrow speed to get up to the top.


I'm getting wicked deja-vu, brah.


How powerful is the Herald of Vassalage?


"Oh, Grog!"


Well, now I'm pissed.


One. That is 12 plus the psychic damage.


Can I help her?


I'm going to say  Down!


Can it please be the infomercials where she has trouble collecting the coins?


Ten. No, I'm still there.


What do I add to that?


I think I have the perfect place for this. Thank you.


It's Delilah. She's going to destroy us. Do we have any way to neutralize her magic?


Do you want to hold my hand? I try to hold Caleb's hand?


Ugh. I think I'm getting athlete's foot from all the moisture in my shoes from this place.


That sounds awesome!


You're going to be a gross, sweaty, greasy mess.


Protto?


Natural 20! Thanks, Gil.


Hey, Zeenoth! Hey. It's been all of about twenty minutes since I've seen you last.


Sure. Yes.


Look at that teamwork.


Did you feel that? My hands are stinging now.


(screams) I know, right? This is crazy! (laughter)


All right. Natural 20! (cheering)


Guys, we have a big giveaway today, when we get to 3,300 subscribers. I think we're 50 away or around 48, something like that. When we get to 3,300, we're giving away a dice box, a signed t-shirt, a starter set, and a signed Player's Handbook all in one box for a lucky winner, so if you guys get those subscribers rolling in, that's what helps pay for this show and pay for the entire channel as a whole, so get on that! And we wanted to say thank you to Aaron's Books in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for sending us this stuff to give away to you guys. (cheering)


You're little.


Maybe there's a simpler way.


Well, actually, yeah, 29. Second attack is a 29.


Yeah. We head back out the cramped little tunnel.


Yeah, to clear them out!


From our previous time in the Frostweald, we don't recognize any of this terrain right?


Pike and I will tag-team a Greater Restoration.


I've told him that a lot of times.


I have 600 gold pieces--


It's got some girth.


I did. I grabbed your hand and I will show you. It is very special.


That's acceptable.


We want to be able to trust our Empire, but maybe we need some reassurance in one way or another.


Can't pick anything up, I don't think, can't--


Oh, yay! That's fun.


Ah! Should have had disadvantage.


That's ten!


If the people who are hiding try to look like-- covered in cloth and shit and try to look like cloth--


Whitney warned me it would come to this.


It'll be noxious, but brief. I take a torch. I actually have one last Whitestone seal that's flash-powdered. Wrap it, light it, and toss it on the counter.


So it doesn't fall all the way and it goes at a pendulum.


I'm so confused. Maybe we should just sleep together and see what happens.


Yes I do, it's 1000 pounds.


1d10? Is this the right dice?


Don't arouse suspicion, but did you hear all that coin hit that table, Caleb?


I know, but then I have no spells left. I got a first level, y'all!


Oh, poopers!


Gee, I'm so glad you came over.


Four inches.


Wait, from just peeking around the corner?


There are two blades.


Where in relation to all of this is the Hearth of the Allhammer? Because I know it's in the Pentamarket.


A unicorn would be really cool.


Because I know his followers. They won't have mercy. They'll gouge out eyes, remove your hand, and make you one of them.


What does she want from you?


She's an Iron Shepherd, kill her!


Well, you are grappling with a great deal of power, we have watched you do it. Are you trying to understand this thing better, be free of it, master it?


Definitely something big with big, red, flashing wings, though.


With the new weapon?


It'll hit who? Vex?


All right! Yeah. Okay.


Thank you. that does feel good. I did something today.


Next week, a prison break.


Are we going to scout-- I guess we still need Seeming.


Cool, and that's four points of damage to both of them.


I walked into that.


You know, sea creatures like oil.


Not a problem. Totally worth it for the spell.


31 on the first arrow.


As a rogue with evasion, if I succeed, it's nothing.


Maybe Nott might be safer.


I follow her and I stop her and I give her a hug and I say,


We had no fucking reason to go into that basement.


It's a necklace.


Here I go under the table!


So that they wouldn't even know that we had cleared it. It would just be relatively untouched.


I tried. Didn't work.


Was he rather small?


We're going to make a bunch of noise, we're going to throw some dynamite, we're going to get the kids to run and we're going to keep them distracted by threatening the baby.


I'm going to take cover.


You're the runner.


I have 50.


No, it's a short rest thing. But it's a thing that lasts until--


(gasps) We're getting closer! Oh my god!


Also, do we know how much time passes in the fire plane versus the real world?


I miss Jester's healing spells.


2d8 plus ten? That's great. (all laugh)


Okay. It's a single level house? Nothing fancy about it?


I like it. You know, we can-- I don't know.


Well, I had one natural 20, and then 18 was my lowest.


But everything else was-- I'm going to the right. That's the last intersection that I know.


Grog, we understand, you want to bash some things.


Okay, it says the DM has creature statistics.


Oh my gosh, you guys are boyfriend and girlfriend now.


Maybe they want the safe house for themselves?


Cool. Balls. Off to a good start.


On the button?


When you see my cue, attack. (laughter)


Awesome. Okay. These two... balls. So 15, 16, 17, plus holy damage?


Oh god, that's a lot.


I've got a Sons of Anarchy Doctor Who t-shirt, I'm a really big fan of. I'll wear it next week.


You would know if there's evil in my heart.


I'm fine. I got a 20.


So we solve the case to clear our own name.


Yes, be that there are assassins running around, which was not part of the contract before.


He does not want to go against illithid.


Can we talk to it? I mean, can we see what it is?


Frenzied rage. Frenzied rage, if you don't mind.


13, correct?


Do you have your haversack?


Yeah, there are four doors right?


Have any of you heard of Marius LePual? (laughter)


We need to talk.


Manage a Bed Bath & Beyond. It's going to be nice.


Not quite this hat, but it's in the right direction.


Hey, that's a pretty good trick.


It is the dice!


Save our friends. And if we can do something extra, we do something extra. When we can.


Fire.


I was really disappointed in Nott for a while, and then she ran up there and did what no one else would.


Yeah, we could do it.


Well, I'm just being paranoid.


Well, I don't know, we weren't--


There's no windows on this side.


She can't yell? She can't cast something?


Oh no, I'm holding onto her, right?


But wasn't he brought back? Kas the Bloody-Handed, right? Oh wait, he fought--


Nah, it's fucking badass.


Yeah. Oh, wait! I can sing a Song of Rest.


No, not normally.


I find Yorda. Excuse me, a question about the town.


I don't even remember he signed a contract.


That's not depressing at all.


No, because Hupperdook is a funny sounding name! Then Nogvurot is where our friends from the other mercenary group live.


It's now in 5th Edition, in one of the added books.


Guys.


You don't know what-- there could be a million rooms up there.


Well, he's gone up, he's resting.


That's pretty fucking low.


Oh, that's funny twice, too. (laughter)


People are going to suspect things of us. Trading in manacles all the time. These didn't work!


Let's roll independently.


With a negative d4.


And behind the servants is a wall so there's lots of open busy crowded space? Okay.


No. That ended. We hear that there's beautiful islands out in the middle of the Ustaloch.


He's making armor. Ugh.


This is wrong. This is right.


How are we getting there?


I don't even know where that is on the sheet!


So you get ten 50s.


No, we have a very good chance of defeating them. We are quite powerful. Just wondering why you haven't done it before.


Do they see us?


Just uncanny dodge, so maybe I can cancel out his doubling. Yeah. Uncanny dodge halves the attack, so it'll be right where it's supposed to be.


They saw you.


Wait, sees me or doesn't see me?


Attack him!


Oh, if it doesn't have line of sight on me, it makes a wisdom save.


I'm hearing all this over the earring, and I whisper, only to Trinket: I'm back, Trinket. I'm back. (laughter)


It's the gothiest one since me, I think. Well, no, Jason Charles is pretty gothy.


Unable to contain her frustration--


It goes a little deeper than that, Deucy. Is that--?


Yeah. You want to train with me?


And it's too gorgeous, too. Oh my lord.


Yeah, I was going to say, why don't you guys lead the way, and you guys give us a signal if you guys see a guard.


Is there anyone paying attention to us?


It actually sounds really good. Cured goat meat.


Did any of that trigger my sentinel?


Do we need an extra day to convince Grog to wear pants? That could be the deciding factor! Maybe we should put it on him. Right?


We are sitting ducks here. What do we do, Fjord?


Were you in the ocean?


No, I am very good, thank you.


Well, as long as it's affectionate.


We found our way into the room, though.


I'm retweeting you right now.


Whatever. Did you do your homework?


Two, three, 24?


We will take the cheapest, worst beer you have, and a round for everyone in the bar.


Okay. Should we open a door?


My first memory, my oldest memory is dirt in my face, underground.


And a special guest.


King of the world!


Yeah, we should each tie the rope to all of us.


Boy, oh boy, rogues suck. How much further until the end of this hall?


Do you know where they keep them?


No, I pretty much got it. In, burn, ouch, powder.


Listen. When you see my duty, you'll know.


Three-dimensional fighting.


No, unless you want to get some milk.


We need you guys every week.


We've not been there, we're not familiar with it.


Is that all of us?


That'll do, pig.


I get up on the cart.


Blood of the giant, you can do this.


That was definitely a nice one that you found. They get way worse.


How far away from the dragon am I?


I'll take the right one.


Evening, how are you doing today?


Should I try and smith?


I will never stop loving you.


What a nice guy.


All right, let's go get drunk, then.


They're from Norse Foundry.


Yeah, this was a Tweedledee and Tweedledum.


One of these in the mess hall?


I'm going to use Calm Emotions to negate the charmed effect on Nott, and anybody within 20 feet of me. Actually, anyone within 20 feet of it. I'm going to run a few feet away from you, I'm going to take my staff and I'm going to pull piece of silverware and bang that crystal. It's going to make a dissonant sound and wakey-wakey.


We also have good ol’ Fjord, who can always disguise himself as a guard.


I drop water elemental form. You think it needs to be hot first?


Can't we send like a probe, can't you make a little person? A little fake little person?


But you know what? It was just a power play, and it didn't really work out.


12, that's my favorite number!


No. I don't think so. I've been helping Percy with his shoes.


Anything that can help us?


I'm kind of jelly. Why didn't we get lacewood?


I will tell you all the truths.


No, let's leave.


I guess so. It's pretty late.


His name's Algar? Algar Dyomin? Have you heard of him?


Ipess! That's right!


We can get back to what you're talking about, but think about it for a moment; it's just the three of us, right? We have our heads in the same game. We are the three assholes in this group, yeah?


I got ball bearings, man. (laughter)


He did a lot of damage.


Go have a look, why? You're just going to get caught.


Oh man, oh no!


Yes. New dynamic.


I didn't catch that.


A little cuddle pile.


Counter-counterspell!


Anyone else looking relatively low?


I know. Ugh.


It means that your clone's going to get very lucky. You, on the other hand, no.


Okay. I am going to run away. Towards Shakäste, and as I go, I will turn around and fire a crossbow bolt at Protto with sneak attack because--


No. We're not, we're terrible people. We're terrible people. Why are they telling us this? Oh, god. Oh, god, if I have to shake one more townsperson's hand. Oh, god. I feel like I was cursed. I was cursed. I don't want any of this. I don't want any of this!


I feel like it matches. That's my only reason I'm asking.


Daxio.


You have more dice than that dice store.


Oh, we're all rolling stealth?


I'm going to go in.


Oh, initiative?


You haven't been scratching yourself, have you?


Fjord Junior.


You can do it, Pike!


Talk to people that are capable of helping us.


Part of the Grey Hunt-- and this happens not every season, but often on Winter's Crest festivals, and again it is an official title and does actually carry with it some responsibilities beyond that, but they're very, very you, they'll be fine-- is, and I can't give too much of it away because part of the ritual is also--


Not good. No. Nine.


Yeah. I mean, once we kill this thing, which we will, we're diving into the unknown.


Love that little man!


For real though, like a real-world Cap'n Crunch?


Well, I think it's good.


You know it now.


And what will happen when we go inside here? Are you locking us in?


I'm struggling a bit.


Define "legal."


Oh I'm so sorry, I was just so amazed by the architecture here. I wanted to see the beautiful sculpture.


Aah! While it's going, I'm going to see if I can yank open the thing!


I want some food. I'm so hungry.


Hard cut! (laughter)


To see what they-- what it does.


As soon as I see that, I go down in a crouch and I shit-scry on our keep to see if it's still there.


Hiding in that tree.


Where's that laser pointer?


Well, that did not work.


No, they're at Vex's house.


We're a very religious group and we like to have a family prayer.


Awesome. And so I'll shoot another arrow at the other lady.


Oh I'm not there. (laughter)


Time travel too far.


You did good, baby.


(gasps) You guys could meet my mom!


As I turn into mist, I go  I'm melting! Melting! Oh, what a world!


At the very least, it'll keep him busy for four or five days.


Been doing this since the 80s and 90s, man.


We're going to clean up, we'll be back. This is not normally how we dress, ugh, we were in the sewers.


Oh no. Did eyebrows go up?


They're really hard to make.


I can't move away from it?


Does he take fire damage?


I go back into Frumpkin to see what's going on.


Best time for a joke.


Are there any other extra lockpicks in here?


As I see this going on, can I call out with Cutting Words to distract him?


We're taking the bear or leaving the bear?


How many bunks per room?


Here. It's a moldy donut. Be well, child, the Traveler is with you.


That would be 38.


Two deer. Santa Claus.


Ping? You can--


Does he sleep in a coffin?


I was just having fun. Is he all right?


I mean, I'm fine with saying it, but it's a long story, and...


What'd you find?


We're all chained.


-- points. Hey Keyleth, you're alive!


Just a little bit and then we can go back to land. Nott. With the promise of land and no more requests to go to sea, if you'll do this for me I would be most obliged.


That does not have advantage, right?


This killer could be hiding in plain sight at the Cabaret. Could be an employee there.


I'll take a shot.


I reach up and snap the horn.


Stem the flow?


But we're going to fight an aerial battle against super-magical things.


I can do this, if you like.


I need to sit.


Cup that ball.


Yeah, we slept at the Slayer's Take, we talked to Aldor for a minute, right?


Well, that's us--


Can I move?


Linemen.


We could pawn this thing. Right now. It'll be off of our tail in like two minutes.


It will block him. It's a talk-to-the-hand move.


You wasted your entire hour of flying for that? (laughter and applause)


Can I do a nature check on one of the bones to see if I can identify where it came from?


Natural 20?


Is this quickly like "not paying close attention" quickly?


Yeah. Thanks, Fjord.


Oh, okay. Then we keep going forward.


Do Hallucinatory Terrain. Garmelie, which direction should we run if we're running towards where we're supposed to be going?


And three more dragons.


It's okay. I think I figured out what we have to do first.


Oh! We didn't eat our rats yet!


Yeah, is there any markings on the one that we opened?


Yeah, how long is his name?


1d8? Okay.


Hello. How would we enter a new fighter into this pit?


This is exciting.


You're going to do two feasts?


Oh! Why don't you just act like you know more than you do? Like, (gruff voice) Whoa, I hear war's coming tomorrow. What about that?


32?! Oh my god, what the-- I couldn't have rolled that. Like, that would've been a natural 20, would have been the only way around that.


What's the bonus on that, again?


How many robes did we swipe?


Should we find out, from nature, how far down in the magma it is?


Inspire Vax.


And we do have another mercenary at our beck, if we need. That's actually very fair. You're already one up.


Well, if someone has a conversation with me, I will talk to them.


Yeah. Just on one of the columns.


I thought she can't be magicked.


Did you use all your movement?


We're about to!


Well no, the pit--


Okay, so the first one hits, right?


Can I ask you, how much do you know of Orcus?


Greater?


I think that that would be an excellent thing, for our two people to communicate very regularly.


He's not real. He's an illusion. He's an illusion!


If you wait a second, it's only getting better.


At Ren Faire, the more you drink, the more you spend.


That is a 20.


A couple things. 30 points of damage. That's a transmutation spell, so I can shuttle a little bit of arcane energy into my Transmuter's Stone, and I'm going to change its property from dark vision into advantage on concentration checks. I'm going to back the fuck up towards that house, as far as I can go.


Yeah, I can tell.


I will take my move now. And I will (singing) Bigby's Hand! (speaking) And I will raise up the hand somewhere between Sylas and Lady. (cheering)


That's what I mean, once I'm up on the temple, you take it off of me. And then you can put it on Trinket, because I'll be chilling on the top.


Well, if they miss they miss the lava pit, we've got Grog.


He called you Vax'ahlia, which I call you in my sleep.


I take it off.


A bit chilly?


Hang on, is it something I can do as a planetar that can read all languages and is also telepathic?


Percy's building a ladder.


Is it winter in Wildemount right now?


I think it's for fruit collecting.


I'm going to go like this to Trinket, and I'm going to shoot another arrow. I can't do the same thing. I'm going to shoot an arrow at the ceiling right above the frost thing, and then I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.


It's a little bit further than we thought we'd have to travel, why... the presence around the city we're seeing? We understand why you fled, but what's going on?


There was a spirit bear in there.


I'm going to put out the three cups and wait for the pot to boil.


Yeah. In the shit alley.


25 off a natural 20.


This is a Primal pin.


Because he's assisting you.


Yeah, so pick four people I'll take one of them.


Forget those iPads.


It's totally safe, don't worry, don't worry.


Trinket's going to stay right there.


Perhaps we should not walk into the palace with this on us, so to speak.


Yeah. And like, a principal that always knows when you're lying.


That's what I was going to ask  if you were a fan or not.


We don't have one.


How's that going to work?


I don't know why, I thought you were going to say they left behind poop.


Let's get up to the rooms. I want Tary to identify it once we get up to the rooms.


I think it's gonna be ongoing and it was really nice.


I don't even know what it does.


Deal. Am I your servant, your bodyguard? Am I your yes-man? I can be your yes-man.


My perception is shit.


I don't know, I might have to get a cage; the women are going to come running.


Can we make our way to the shoreline?


Don't do anything yet. We have to figure out what we're doing.


Guess who's going to be healing.


Right and then, one hyena set.


Because you got that down in the fucking Nine Hells, right?


So I sneak back up and I put a hand on my sister's shoulder, and I give her a little come along motion. And tell everyone else--


How far can you jump?


Wait, can I--


You did get a beret. I thought you got a beret.


They've got great storefronts.


Paltry sum? How much gold do you see every day? I pull out another piece. Is this enough?


We sent him off with Cassandra.


So 28 total.


I close up the box. I put it back in the bag.


What is that price?


It was a potion seller, it was a medicinal, herbalist or something--


These dragons are hard to kill!


Yeah. We've got your people.


So many nicknames.


I know, it's something.


It seems like a very large task for one person.


Yes, let's do it.


We're at the front gate?


Wow. Wow, that's like six in one--


(impact) (gasping)


Yeah, Hannah Mahoney? That's a dope name. But yeah. Go check it out.


I just thought, well--


Hah! 25.


And the kitty shirts were an accident. This was not planned.


If I were to give you some more money, do you think you could do it again?


So let's make our way to Westruun, I suppose, then.


In a terrible crash.


We're finishing it now?


I don't want to-- what? I don't like wanting things. I don't care, you--


I had to.


I don't think it's your gun.


All right. I am taking down the doors.


Anything of the toad?


All right. Okay.


That's gnomish. Doesn't mean the same thing.


Don't give him an attack of opportunity.


Well, we're only going for a day.


Yeah. Different kinds of salad.


(choked sob noise)


She's frozen in a beautifully surprised expression.


What do we think? Go up or down? Up, right?


I wore a mask for a long time, where I grew up. And I'm not going to do that anymore. I'll wait.


Oh, thank god I'm so strong. That is-- I'm going to use Luck, and that's shit.


Still more stuff.


Horrifyingly, yes.


Actually, I think they'll find us.


We're going to start with just trying to give him the rings and the art, right? Rings, art, shit-- Keep everything else.


He also ate those brains.


(gasps) I have Mending! I have a Mending cantrip.


"The Captain" is what we're supposed to say.


Yeah, I guess so. Phillip's a fucking douche today.


After you.


I was thinking Pike, but I don't know--


I'll try to stay 25 feet behind her.


You're in a tiny-- Why don't you bring that thing out of there?


Yes, we have pressing matters. We'll get to that later.


Can we go deeper into that chamber? Searching for movement?


But I trust you.


I open it up.


Oh, gross, really?


False start, offense.


That's thousands.


Even better.


That builds, goblin?


Well, now it's a tribute.


Also, we're not just some dumbass crew we hired. We totally murdered all of your guys, so. [cheering]


Casala.


Ah, I was here the whole time!


Maybe it's a private show?


Oh, you want me to tell her? It just says your name on it.


Jester--


Wait, not now. Not now.


Ugh, three.


Are you on Vouk's right? Or whatever-his-name?


26 is?


Yeah, with ice.


Because all his stealth checks lately have been perfect.


I think we should be able to get there, right?


So it had to be somebody that seems inconspicuous, walking around the room and stealing people's money!


Don't blink, don't blink. Roll with it, player.


Hold on. 17.


(laughs) You want to pull another one.


We want to get in the door. We want him to like us.


I pull out the clay cat's paw and cast Earthen Grasp and the cat's claw forms out of the dirt and I use it to start digging a hole in the earth.


It's 15 feet long?


Maybe Scanlan could use it.


How close to him do I get? And this was without smoke damage, I might add.


You have no idea the kind of stuff that is given to you when you're famous.


Heal me, Pike, heal me. Heal me in three minutes, heal me. This is gonna hurt. This is gonna sting.


Intelligence? Eight plus something.


It takes a minute to activate the stone, though. You would be down there-- that's the problem.


I might be able to help. Can I attempt-- hang on-- can I attempt a Mending spell on it?


(fake sneeze) Oh no!


Pumats?


Well, investigation again? 20.


I just stuck my snout in it, and it kicked up all the mud, and I couldn't see anything after that.


Can I just do an arcana check, or is that not--


Yeah. But you got your rock!


Is that including me, or no?


So it might be just shy or-- let's give it a whirl. Just give me ten-ish minutes.


I don't know what any of this is.


Yeah, we've gotta at least come back this way, so, you know.


You said it.


Yeah, so I think that's good.


Oh, those are fun.


Are they whispering to themselves, still?


I was going to run to see where the cart was going. Full dash.


I mean, you got to admit. I bet you're pretty curious what's in there.


No more!


(giggle)


"Establishing trade routes."


I don't know, I can't add this fast, my app's breaking.


Do we have any glow sticks that we could throw in and watch fall?


Very effective.


I'll throw up a Skywrite. Or actually, as a fire elemental, can I just be like (fire flares) in fire elemental form?


Is there any air between the water and the grate?


I'm scooting forward quietly.


What? He's going on walkabout?


I'll wait outside and stand watch.


Normal?


He's very talented.


Divination? What do you mean?


And if I may, in case any of your consciences are in conflict, the Herd is full of murderers and pillagers and rapists and child killers. The worst of the lot. And only when I was younger did I not know the difference between right and wrong. Still working on that definition. But I can tell you, this group ain't the best lot in the world, and they mean nothing to me compared to the people in this room.


So news flash, pro tip  the cards may be dangerous.


I also, at the end of dinner say, I would like to raise a toast. To Vox Machina: for going and being together all the way into hell and back.


That's good right there.


Who, by the way, we didn't do meteor damage for.


Wow. Wish I had that before. Yeah, I think a trade would be fine, but I'll trade you for a story of why your past is so checkered with flame. You seem to trust in me enough to tell me about it.


That's it. 21.


Re-lock it.


Come on, I saved a seat up by me and Frumpkin.


Taliesin, are you seeing-- wait, no. Are you seeing the potion of healing?


What about Nott? We're all friends. What about Cali? We all love each other so much.


They don't know.


You know what, I feel like I want to hit him with my Mace of Disruption.


Holding my attack!


Oh! I'm going to cast Conjure Barrage at all of the spiders coming at us.


I run over and I give Pike a fancy robe.


(whispering) Within The Clasp.


Make us a room?


I guess.


I mean, we have jewels and shit, just stuff hanging around, but what does that do?


He's terrible, isn't he? Just the worst.


It is really beautiful here, but I think I'd rather stay at the inn?


I'm at 94 hit points, so I'm down--


They like cold.


We never have before. Why start now?


You don't get to negate that one.


Thank you so much. And I hope that that book finds a proper home and is worthwhile. Thank you for your time.


They can lie.


Oh, well fuck me running, it worked. I watch it leave my finger and take an impossible spiralling trajectory through the air, and he's so preoccupied with that charming dwarf woman with the stubble, it takes him in the back of the head and it starts to burn through the back of his skull and eat away through the back of his head and burn through his eyes! [cheering]


Have you been adding your seven points of damage, necrotic?


Was that when we heard you guys?


Yasha, are we--? I'm going to yell down to Yasha: I know what he's vulnerable to. I'm going peek out and cast my Path to the Grave before Yasha's turn on the hydra.


Minus two? You're our fucking captain!


Yes, surprisingly so. It went off without a hitch. Well, no.


It's up to ten minutes. I can do it tomorrow.


Vax looks like Percy right now! They know we're up to something.


Like, extra bad? We don't even know what it does yet.


Hit, release.


Right on that guy.


He was really excited about it!


Let's make a pile of these bodies, too. Just in case, maybe they think that they took each other apart.


That Brittany made?


This mystic-- Iotha, you said-- she has the power to subjugate your kind?


Still pretty cool, still pretty cool.


That is rough. That was a second level. Okay, can I go and see what's going on around the big black spot?


Oh man, I've had quite a time. I've missed you guys terribly. A lot has happened. I'm sure for you guys as well.


Trammel that shit.


But I'm right next to Grog. Grog and I are right in front of the giant.


Next up.


Did you, Scanlan? You should've seen something. Did you look?


Blowing at each other.


On the first of those attacks, I have Sanctuary.


I have a dagger.


We are his blood.


I'm new at this stat! Don't fuck it up!


That's true, I suppose. I suppose. Yes, absolutely. We've been spreading the good word about you and your works.


You want me to talk first? Yeah, no, okay.


Between the couch cushions?


I never touched it.


No shit? (laughter)


One of them turned. I don't know what happened.


That we can see, I mean.


(whispers) Tiberius.


I don't know. This is all I have to protect myself.


Emon's gone, Kima.


Yeah, on attacks too! (gasps) 22?


Oh, thank you, man. I'm really down.


Should I be checking the trash bins for these, then? Or do you think someone might actually have them for sale?


Crazy grandma!


Worth it. (groans)


Yeah, because of the thing. Caleb's idea.


That can't be right. Just checking. 20. Natural 20.


This frittata is lovely.


Or you could just give it to us.


Natural 20! Sorry, that was my first one.


I'm not much of a gambler, you're thinking of Jester.


Hardass. (laughter)


And the squirrels.


The tunnel doesn't go that high.


Hot, hot, hot.


Okay. No one's got anything sitting on her?


She's sleeping.


You're like a Toddlers and Tiaras mom right now.


Someone wants to know what our favorite moment has been since we started Critical Role. Mine was sneaking into the illithid captain's room with Scanlan, holding a bucket of poop. I was scared to death. I didn't know what was going to happen, and it went great.


Big roll, big roll.


To be fair, it takes days.


You guys are going to drink for a bit?


Yeah. We kept the sword, right?


Have we patted him down?


Let's help the city out, then we'll go on to see Keyleth's parents.


He has disadvantage on his saving throws.


Gosh darn it! What are we supposed to do?


Geriatric bathing.


So, Pike, hold still, please.


No! I wish I had saved it.


I chose the Planetary Society, just in case the green world dies, and it promotes exploration of space, and the stuff like that.


What's the matter? Even if she hadn't seen them voyeuristically--


I have a thought.


Same guard.


I cast Foresight on him. And I think there was a thing for a second. I haven't thought of those ramifications of something like that before. I think he was held and there was nothing he could do. What if that happened? What if he saw himself die?


I think he bought it. I think we played it really cool there, guys.


We just stopped, right?


I don't want to be food. I want to be something that eats.


Pike, I have this weird feeling, like you wanted to make out with me. Is that something that happened? Am I dreaming?


Where did her gum come from?


Okay. I start moving back towards the same vantage point I had before and I see Jester above me, and I see a guy over there covered in ice, and I whip around and the diamond comes up and I go (sizzling) and I was about to make it acid, but there's ice everywhere so it's ice now. Chromatic Orb off to the big guy in the middle of town square, yeah.


Yes, but the frame rate is only 120 frames per second.


All right. So I'm going to use Bad News, because that's funnier.


What's your name again, friend?


I want to go to Taco Bell on the last 45 minutes of my birthday.


Take him everywhere.


Oh! I use my Mage Hand and I push it, too.


Okay. I'm out of the fight, then. So I'll start casting and singing.


That was 35 episodes ago.


You! Son of a bitch!


If they had, like, a Hold Person up it could dispel it?


You're on point. Keep going.


Man, that was a good night's sleep. Who do we get to kill today?


And then you dye a blue streak in your hair and everything goes fine.


15 plus six plus four.


Wait, did we just all ditch Marisha?


15 for Caleb.


What's your Vecna, Victor?


We also found a decent amount of fine art for you.


Sue us!


Ooh. 12.


Okay. 14. 29. 45.


What?! The Crick--


-- disappeared-ed-ed-ed. Yeah. So I'd like to stab him in the back.


Can I use it again or no?


Okay. Can I Stone Shape--


It was Nila.


That door actually opens and closes, Matt?


At level three.


It's so I can move faster. Pick up the rod.


Oh, wait. And I'll do that. I'll wait, because I can only do it one at a time. So I'll burn it for him.


He's super cuddly. And I run over and I put Trinket in a headlock and give him a noogie. See? Totally nice.


Who's your god going to be? Is there a god of mischief or song or cubes?


I like juice.


Also, Hardwick hipped me to this movie that I want everybody to see, so I'm telling everyone I know about it, and I won't shut up about it. It's called What We Do in the Shadows. It is a comedy that is a documentary about a group of vampires who live together in a house in Wellington, New Zealand.


That wasn't Beau's turn, though.


Photo taken. Ha! Natural 20. It still doesn't necessarily mean he's grounded. It means he has to make a strength saving throw or he's prone.


You have to detect that I did it.


Because it's a different color?


Oh, I haven't got to wink in a really long time, you guys. It felt so good.


I think you're well on your way to being that hero you dreamed of when you were younger.


And a giant megalodon comes and eats it. (all laugh)


Oh good. Three points.


I get the distinct impression, perhaps, that you used it up, and probably alerted them that somebody was at that entrance.


That's an eight-ounce cup. It's a normal cup of coffee.


Probably you and Scanlan are on that, I have a feeling.


I will lower it, now that I've seen it's clear, and I'll say: Well, I'm happy to step in first. You guys were kind enough to bring me, I'm happy to step through and make sure it's okay. I'll start.


I know who I'm talking to.


How long does it take you to talk to dead people?


And let her lay there. Is that evil? That's pretty evil.


Oh. He's had a good run.


(laughing) I don't want to live.


Okay. I did. 17.


No. Not close, not even close. Doesn’t mean as much as Trinket means.


Figure out how you're going to ruin Darin's life more.


Hey. How is he doing, how is he feeling?


The smoke dissipates or goes behind him?


A hot bath. We have been pretty dinged up for the past several months, and we might not get back into something like this for a while, so I want you to enjoy it. Go over to your side, and I will be here. Nott, I'm going to do a bit of reading.


Things are happening very quickly. We just happened here first.


No, I mean Jester pops out of the room with the bag and leave it somewhere, then meet us on the way to the ship.


That's a different conversation, danke. I need about roughly 500 or 600 gold's worth of your finest paper and ink.


Go first, see if you hit him.


What was that before I hit it?


Ugh, get it out of my face!


Oh! And as my bonus action, I'm going to inspire somebody. I don't know. Who? I look over at Liam and I do-- sorry, Vax. And I do one of these. (all laugh)


Let's spend an action surge and keep enjoying this!


No response?


That's exactly what we're saying.


I'm having an adrenaline crash now.


A lot of dice.


Caduceus and I will open the door to our room.


No, I'm not. JB, don't feel pressured if you don't want to do this. She's a fantastic baker.


We love our druid!


All right. I'm going to go right for the king. You're coming for a ride, Tiberius. I'm gonna make a straight line. I have a 40-foot movement, pretty straight movement.


All right, I've still got Witch Bolt.


I found one! Look! Bus-ee-ness. Buseness.


I think we've failed at manners often.


I didn't say reckless. Would he make them reckless?


Thank you, dear. (sighs)


Might get some money back.


I thought it was funny.


Okay, I'm going to try and take a shot at it with a standard shot for right now.


No, but Trinket!


Of Tal'Dorei. And of the central-- Of the Cliffkeep Mountains.


Let's find out, let's pick a place.


Nope, you were gonna gas us all the way there.


Oh no, you guys all cast things now, right?


I'm going to-- Does anybody have shitty stealth?


Maybe just a little bit. (laughter)


I think I'm almost there.


I think it's in front of us.


We've been walking all day.


Yes. Yes, I've built a few things.


I pop back into existence ten feet. I want to stay out of his melee.


If I was a sneaky bastard, and I wanted to make sure--


Just a little bit of a note, here. He doesn't know who any of those people are.


Whoa. Were you just talking about me?


No, this is the one that pukes ice.


Yeah. He's in Ysgard.


Really? Are there pawn shops here?


Okay well, say the word and I'll pull it down.


I'm going to pull back behind this tree trunk then and get a little cover to figure out what to do next, because I'm really hurt.


That hits, yeah, it's my AC.


Sylas.


Oh, so sick!


I'm going to heal her up.


Puberty's a bitch.


Like a mother?


The golden snitch strikes again!


We lived.


Divine!


Is the carpet with me?


Right, okay. Two plus--


She's not an eagle anymore.


Am I in his range of attack?


Was that a dirty hand?


But he's alive?


I have been here in this town for a while. I settled down after-- I had a bit of an adventurous youth.


Oh my god. I turn, and grabbing Vax's die, I look over my shoulder at him.


There are rooms up there.


The dog run?


I'm going to wait for everybody to go inside.


Okay, cool. Then for my bonus action I'm going to-- oh right, the Spiritual Weapon. I was going to cast Mass Healing Word, but that's a third level.


Yeah, yeah, it's just muffled, it's just muffled for him.


They don't care what people think.


What's up, bitches?


Pike, please help her!


No, this is like 30 seconds later, if that.


That is not the Snitch. Just because it's gold, doesn't mean it's a Snitch.


I thought he had it out already. It was on his head, right?


Kill her. Come on. That's good!


Vax. There we go. You closely behind me, and whoever else can stealth follows suit. I will cast Alter Self and turn myself into their god.


Which is a lot farther.


Let's get a move on, I think.


Because I fucking fell off the fucking roof.


He's doing walla. (all laugh)


Yeah, it's different. You can find out all about it at lootcrate.com/criticalrole.


Come on Clarota, show us what you got.


So they were holding on to that orb the whole time.


Yeah, I'm kind of-- yeah.


What are we doing while this is happening?


No! Er, seven!


It's dying.


Well, that I'm fine with. No, not that I'm fine with. I mean, I'm fine helping prevent that. I'm just more worried about your sanity than anything else.


Yeah, I'm going to attach the chain and throw it. Reckless, Great Weapon Master. All right. Which one? All right, Gil. There's only one that could beat that one. So that's a 32 minus five. 28.


Oh, sweet, yeah, hold on. You hold one end, I'll hold the other. Wait. No, that might be something-- never mind. And I take out Craven Edge. I walk up to the orc that she's holding.


Okay. Okay. That's better than my persuasion. Let's do this one, that one rolled a one. Get out of here. Get out of here. 15?


(whimpering) I know.


Okay. I get hurt very easily and I need something to help me get out of Dodge a little bit quicker.


It's like a dog, you got to pull him off your calf!


There we go, right there, that's perfect. And I would like to use the Chain of Returning on Craven Edge and throw it up into the bottom of the Beholder.


I came up with great formal wear for you, too. It's a shame we didn't get a chance. I figured you out.


It lies at the bottom.


But it would've been underground. I mean, who knows where the fuck it was? Wait, wait, wait! What about the temple where we saw the other sphinx? Was that another ziggurat there?


Stick your wang in it.


Matt, thank god you're totally 100 percent healed and all better again.


(robot voice) We less than three you.


They're different things.


You're drenched in sweat. Just throwing that out there.


I'm dreaming that me and the Traveler are skipping over hills and picking flowers.


I was doing my little pop-ins here.


That's not bad. I think I made one this campaign. Natural 20.


Where's Avantika?


Yeah. Percy, do you have any extra vials? Empty vials for blood?


A total stranger would also be very useful.


I don't think you've burned since we've come through.


But he does get two attacks.


Yeah, where are they? Do you know?


Wait, are you pointing to me? Oh! I have this dice. It's the first time I've ever used it. It has poop on it; someone sent me poop dice, and I think I just rolled a natural 20 because I rolled the poop.


Looking through books.


(pigeon coo) Don't kill him.


-- welcome-me-to-the-gang gift.


Did you wink somebody for that? You slutty little thing.


If he's an army, why not just send him out?


I have made fire.


(squishing noise)


As long as Laura throws-- yeah, then--


Percy, how's that sword working out?


(heavy, repeated sniffing)


I pull out some dice, so that Grog and I can gamble while everyone are sleeping.


(heavy panting) Oh, you're all awake.


You fell five times!


Nag champa.


What is the Silken Terrace?


Yeah, about right there, so I'm not going to hit anybody.


Edubate once a day.


He's not! No, he's not!


Because why?


How do you make a-- nope.


If Grog looks at it, does it reassemble itself in stick figures?


Nothing out of the ordinary. Very good. Nice to know.


I'm going to cast-- where is it? Goddamn it, where did it go? I'm going to cast Blindness on the dragon.


22, I mean. 22. I'm so sorry.


Two. Two hit points. That's two kittens, man.


Do whatever you want. I'm not here.


Actually, eagles sound like shit. They use a raptor or something like that. Eagles don't actually sound like that. Eagles are actually like, (weak squawk).


But we don't have corruption.


I'm going to write you letters all the time!


I would like to stress again that none of these dwarves are our enemies, at all. We just want to go have some words with Greyspine.


Well, I suppose. He's been pretty helpful. (yelling) Haven't you, Jeffrey?! And I hold it right under his chin. (laughter)


I'll take the first-- oh wait.


His instincts are just right there.


Me? What?


We took cover in the sewers.


23 plus eight is 31, right? 33 plus 1d6 lightning damage. 39, and then 3d6 sneak attack. 11 additional, so that's--


I want to go try to play the piano.


"The spell doesn't protect the warded creature from area effects."


Professor, come!


I think you're probably right.


(whispering) Treasure!


We've got camo paint and camo clothes, while carrying a bush.


I want to try to sell the glaive here, if it's magic. If they sell magical weapons at this place.


I've got to write this thing.


I don't know. You tell me.


I would be by Beau because I clapped her on the shoulder.


I didn't mean anything by it. I just--


What's left of the Herd.


Scanlan, it takes time. Things take time.


What's the mantle?


And Pike?


Would a person who cannot fly be able to touch the top buttons?


Yas, queen, yas.


Xhorhas?


With my action, I will use Thunder Step. Well, I'll reach out and grab towards Marius and say, come with us, and cast Thunder Step. He has to be willing to come with.


About this time, I go (fwoosh) and I cast my wind spell. And I slam the doors behind us. And I slam the shutters. And turn out all the lights. Did you say there was candlelight? Or did you say there was weird indirect lighting.


I did. I did.


You just did that like the glitter guy. Blood Maledict.


But the barrel you said was mostly intact?


And he's got Bane or something.


Slip of the tongue!


I’ll take one more as well.


Does Molly always smell of patchouli?


Caleb. Thank you. And I'm sorry.


I'll read this.


18, does that hit?


Then I bear form up.


Nice. [break]


You can soak up damage.


This was a long slumber party. We just kept going and going, and at one point, I was like, okay, I'll see you-- oh, there's another meal? Okay, I'll stick around for another day. And we just kept going.


(Southern accent) It's showing?


No sorry, ten.


Stealth people first.


Yeah. Especially ones that look like for sex role play. You can get tons of those.


Well, as far as I see it, there's no other way to get our carpet reenchanted. I want to confess what we did to her, and hopefully she takes mercy and helps us out with this, as we've helped her out far beyond anything that--


Oh wait, sorry. But I'll take it. Those first two attacks, 17 and 14.


I have eight right now. Now I'll spend it to go down to--


I play Supergirl!


I just did. Percival, you're going. It's hell, this is your game now.


Dope-ass effect.


How far?


Side note  I'm two inches taller, and I've always called you Stubby.


One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, yes. Somebody will have to stay behind, but we'll figure that out if we go that direction. There's other options.


I know why.


That is a natural 20.


I'm going to put on the mask, since he still doesn't know who I am.


And I say  (strained).


Go, Pass without a Trace!


So Plank King is the law?


Maybe we drop the thing, attack from above as long as possible, and hope the illithid attack him.


Well, there are options.


I'm gonna stealth. I'm gonna stealth, too.


It's nice to see someone else going through this.


So we're probably not going to do those pacts-- (laughs)


I'm Rushmore.


I'm just saying, as somebody who spent several years of their life avoiding the one thing that would make them even remotely happy, maybe just barreling through it is the way to go. We'll be there!


I don't know. Maybe it's a control hammer. I don't know. I'm grasping at fucking straws here.


(sighs) I give up.


I don't know what I'm doing!


You know, we're getting closer to the end game here.


We're going to give a push to the front door.


I'll see you later, all right?


I got up early to use a ritual to bring Frumpkin back, I have enough supplies to bring Frumpkin back one time.


It's his. And it should be destroyed.


Bye, dear!


I'll stay up with Vex.


One last question for our good friend at the gate.


Do they search us on the way in?


Dear god.


(shouting, away from mic) What, we're on, now?


And can I hear anything besides that? There's nothing else I hear besides that in this room?


We'll hide under the horse like Indiana Jones-style, basically? Holding on underneath? Okay, that's going to take some grip strength, but I'm into it.


It'll make it worse.


Could you distract people?


Okay. Nine, 18 (counting) 25 points of damage.


It's going to make it so much funnier.


I actually did not come back down.


I've missed the uppercut.


Then we should go the other way. Because we don't trust a fucking thing you say.


Hey, you've still got your attack.


Everyone's emotionally tired.


Do I get any kind of athletic move?


Great. Done. Doing it.


No, Vex. He doesn't know that.


That doesn't--


Not a freebie.


Perfect?


I understand. I don't want people messing with my artistic vision, either.


Ooh, the bigger the animal, the bigger the diamonds?


Ugh, just pick one!


I'm going to swing upwards. Yep, that's a natural 16, so 21. I don't know why I rolled that die, that's not necessary. Nine damage.


The best part is when people try to explain it to other people, and they're like, "What does it mean?" And they say, "Dick in the peanut butter," and they'll be like (disbelieving) "No, what does it really mean?" It's dick in the peanut butter.


It is a gesture, like Prince.


Why are you trying to be an asshole?


It's been a half-hour of fuckery right here.


We have a name. Vox Machina.


(deep exhale)


I dunno, it doesn't matter. If he breaks, I'll fix him.


I follow Pike down there.


That sounds just fine.


I do set a bucket trap at the door just in case. I set a bucket trap.


Where are they? Where am I?


Next up!


Regularity.


It was the Backblaze dimension?


Okay. Shut up! 13.


It's old magic. (laughter)


Should we check with Pumat Sol and see if he has something like that?


Oh, gosh!


Who had dibs on what?


Hit me.


Or better still, if we run one way and it runs the other.


Does it make that sound?


Are you all still there?


Does it seem like this could have been made by a dragon? These scratch marks?


Maybe we need something on the ground, like a weasel-y thing or a ratty type of thing or a roachy type of thing?


Loin-grab.


Definitely. I'm liking it more.


The walls are cooling?


Oh no, you're going to kill Nott!


The night is young.


Do we have any idea what time it is?


Oh, yes, here. Do you want to take it out of the bag?


Oh. Ja verstehen, okay.


Okay. I know, right? I'm going to flip backwards like ten feet.


Yes, I am! Why do you ask?


Yes, and we still haven't found what the Broker-- who he is, or what he is.


Owl, too? Owl's with you?


Okay, so I'm going to walk up to this guy. I'll look back at Jester: I'll save us, it's okay.


That's a 1 face.


Yeah, I'm casting it again.


Oh, crud.


I dispel it again, I'm sorry.


(screech)


45. Natural 20.


Action, okay. By the way, I'm realizing I didn't click my boots, so I did one two three before, and the third one missed, so luckily that worked out, but I'm not clicking those.


I know, I didn't use the movement on the last turn.


Refresh.


I feel like you're describing a specific person.


All right. Let's start with the master of dick-lightning and shit-scrying, playing Scanlan Shorthalt, Mr. Sam Riegel! (cheering)


I hope you brought two gallons of hand sanitizer with you.


Hello, everybody!


Let's risk it.


What do they look like?


Who would?


Do their eyes do something?


The channel just--


I've been in deep prayer and meditation, and I know you guys were in a very dark place, and I prayed that Sarenrae would send me to you. And so here I am, sort of as an avatar, but I'm here, and I want to help in any way that I can. I just know something's off, and I don't quite know what that is yet.


Is there anything left?


Yeah, I start opening up crates.


Up he goes.


But that was really hot!


Subtracted from me instead? He never gives me inspiration that often. What is it?


Can I look around, do I see anybody who's hidden, watching from windows up above, anything that looks like we're being watched?


Okay, well, then go on. What?


(door slamming) (heavy breathing) I look down the stairs. Can I see Caduceus down there?


Underwater goblins?


Grog and I are just waiting.


Sorry! Nope.


Thanks, Joe!


Okay. If you were run out of somewhere--


Have you noticed there's a rhinoceros in here?


You can adjust.


And all of the guilt complexes.


Let's give him a stick.


Oh, please, like you haven't rushed into a situation before, Orion?


Can we be zombie cows?


You didn't replace that?


Yes it does look like it's made of drag -- that seems cruel.


Holy shit, you guys. Is this what you can see all the time?


Bye, Lord Pike.


I'll take Fury of the Small, why not. 19.


I Hunter's Marked your face.


Okay, wait. Okay. When I say, "Tary," you say "Who?" Tary!


I'm going to walk out and start shouting at guards nearby. Avantika's attacking everyone! I heard 'em say it! Avantika's-- She's finally doing it! She's trying to take over! She's finally doing it!


All right. Sorry to babble.


You also have an inspiration die.


That's familiar.


Is there any way to be hidden for us?


And I kick the door as hard as I can and go right in!


Actually, how far could I have gone without burning my action? I'm so sorry.


I didn't read it! I'm pulling my map out now.


I think so? Right?


It had been years since I'd done it without being on fire, running around. Yes.


I mean, I'm not. I'm a Barbie girl in a Barbie world. (laughter)


Is there a way I can jump across and try and fight him from over here? Do I have enough?


Will it be dark where we are doing this? I worry about-- you know what I worry about.


Who's going up?


Is there an alley near me?


Ax-head is?


Shit. Okay. I cast Fly on myself.


She's had a few.


Wilhand? Should you remember anything about this curse that we've asked you about, please send word? We want to protect Pike as much as we can.


That is sour.


Charlie farting in the corner.


Wait, to go to where? Marquet?


Yeah. And I was like, what would my buddy Pike do? She would take the sword and attach the chain to it and throw it through the door! And then you were there!


You took me!


"No! No, no, no! Are you trying to offend people? Look, just sing a song. At least Laura will pretend to enjoy it."


How is the Starosta? Is he still a pain in the ass?


I have had the most money of all of us.


He can just move with me, it's fine.


Oh hey, hold on a second, though.


Me and Yasha help with the barrel-train.


Shit got real on Critical Role.


I actually can talk, I just don't feel like it.


Should be.


22, 28, 29.


I'm going to keep an eye out to see if the mist ever parts around us.


It just looks more dope now.


You literally are a monster.


Okay, okay, okay. That's...18.


So probably dead.


(blows nose)


I can't move it.


Am I within ten feet of it?


Yeah. Just curious.


Descriptive.


Shut up, Scanlan! Are they dead?


What about me, Matt?


Okay. I have both on.


I mean, the donkey dong could be in pants or something. It doesn't have to be pornographic.


We should look like we're people that are peasants or something.


There's nothing about it that is sensible or familiar; it's totally alien to me?


It was halved, so eight.


Food?


Okay. Does anybody else want braids in the amount of time we have to wait?


You're not in the cloud.


I have a question. Is there any more stew?


How's it going with you? It's really late.


Ooh! I did my math wrong.


Oh, I don't cast that.


Beginning.


He was above us, but if he goes off of the tower.


Eric Stoltz?


Should I punch the rubble?


Where was that?


Exactly. I totally understand, she loves me so much. She really, really does. It's just, you know, people frown upon courtesans with daughters.


There's a real map here.


He's right.


I'll shoot 'em at the guy.


31. Minus five, 26.


She's running away.


I bet there's something really nice inside.


She has to make a strength saving throw.


You don't think they'll come up and attack?


I'll just watch for now.


They're preoccupied?


TonyLoneFight, donate for 826LA.


To Pumat's to buy ink and paper.


Is it? Leave her.


I'm going to go ahead and block in the entryway for good measure.


That would be wonderful.


We've made you something, if you will accept it. We pull out a small wooden box that we put together.


If he removes something on top of it. But also if he grabbed it.


I go get a pillow and I throw it at the rune.


Bees knees.


I genuinely have no idea what you're talking about.


I need a stiff drink.


I think it might just laugh poison off.


Can you just grapple it?


Can't you walk us through an oak tree?


No, Tiberius-- !


I'm on the carpet. I'm okay.


Ugh, no.


I definitely want to build a statue to Trinket, the wonder bear.


Your hand would be open.


Shit. Okay, it's worth it.


That seems like it would be suspicious.


I am Groot.


No, it's okay.


Go away! Oh, hey Beau.


What do you need to do for the rest of the day, Caleb?


There are five blocks on each side.


He was a ghost!


Pike fashion.


Because your boss at the King's Hall has some of his news-- his news is wrong. Did you know that the attack on Alfield was defeated by a group called the Mighty Nein? They're this really amazing band of heroes--


Our cleric giggles from Vasselheim.


(panting) That... was... amazing. I would do it again in a second. Holy shit. I mean, we used to mess around with chemicals, but nothing like that!


I've never seen bees before.


That happened today?


I don't know what they do.


Most expensive wine.


That's a good pitch.


I'm taking his drink away. You don't get to drink.


I would like to throw my hat in the ring to say that I think he might need to die here, ja.


I'm down.


Well. I mean, I didn't do it, we all did, but we killed lots of dragons, and, you know, we've done some pretty cool things.


Fucking chop that hand.


I'm sure we can figure something out.


If you fail, then you can't read it for a round.


Oh, fetching the gnome!


Because that's the only way you can upgrade your guns!


27?


We'll leave a message here. He's a smart boy.


I think Caleb was, because it was right when we said we were going to Zadash and Bryce was like, "Go look at this person." Sorry, I choked on my spit.


(grunting) Yeah! Yeah you look great!


And those pottery tools are--


Is that something you do later? Okay. I didn't get a practice shot at this. Okay. So I just roll.


It's okay. Nott?


I push forward towards it. Point and start to swim.


He’s pretty nice.


We have to stabilise Fjord, is what we've got to do.


(laughs) How tall is the thing?


So all together there's five locks and we know four of them?


I'm going to take a couple shots and see how this goes.


No, by dash, I mean run. Sorry.


Heart.


I'm preparing. How close am I to this thing?


Let's make a poll.


I fucking love it. (laughter and cheering)


Natural 20 for Fjord and a 19 for Yasha.


Oh, wait, wait! No, lies! 13.


There's what, there's three spiders left?


No, that wall.


The frenzy's the bonus.


Yeah, I just remembered it. I’m going to the Song and Supper Inn.


They're on the outskirts. The further on the outskirts you go, the more tolerable they are. Further north we go...?


We are of the Slayer's Take and we ask for entry into your Platinum Temple.


What's the light situation like in here?


So maybe just try to cure yourself of this curse. Is that possible?


Can I borrow a tusk?


Nothing like this. I've never seen anything like this eye before. Only in that dream, where Vander was holding it, pushing it into his chest, but this is smaller. This sword just seems to take in things.


I think Fjord should do it.


Well, sometimes-- okay. Point stands.


Okay. Plus what? My proficiency?


He doesn't like to brag.


That sword is an asshole.


All right. As long as everybody's within 60 feet of me. Because we're getting really close and I don't want Vecna to see us. I've got this ring.


Both barrels. Six shooter. Give it to them.


Traditional Emon breakfast.


What is happening to your watch?


I was going to say, before I drop my earth elemental form I start busting open some of these crates for quick lootage.


Don't do that to me.


Here's a question. Once we get to the Menagerie Coast, I feel like we'll have a good sense of how Nott is at fitting in. What is it like for--


We weren't ready.


You're so pretty!


I can do the lightning trick any time of day.


Yeah. And Dust of Tracelessness to hide where they were dragged.


Mollysquawk the J-pop Hadockhop.


She's still connected to her rope, though, isn't she?


Do you have any secret symbols? Or stamps or seals that you use for communication that we could plant in the house, or the place of dwelling of the High-Richter? A ring, a piece of jewelry?


So you can do damage against him.


All right, first mate, you got the con.


Cast Hunter Shark on it.


As he rolls, I will inspire him.


It just takes the pain away.


He was so stupid.


Argh, thanks.


So we established that this moss-slime isn't natural, it's not like a plant.


You're going to your room.


Hey, guys, we didn't eat a Heroes' Feast yet, either.


Herr Clay, we should be very honest with you. We are intending to do good by people who deserve it. A young one. Good people. But we are going to do very difficult business tonight or tomorrow.


Are we doing this?


All right. So advantage.


Man. Yeah, no seriously, she's that stunning, huh, in the front?


Who can she affect?


Man, I really don't like this water.


Go for the druid first?


Higher than five.


I've already put my request into Hot Pepper--


(repeating) Ja. Danke.


Hot.


How long can I keep her a mouse?


They'll probably see us.


With you telling me where it is?


What was your title called? There's nothing on this piece of paper! (laughter)


I reach into my magic satchel, this time pulling out a powerful healing potion, which I drink by myself.


Can you do a one-handed push-up?


I take a bite out of it.


Just a question for you. Should I hit the one in the back, which is highly likely, could we have the doll's weight in rats instead?


Even in the mirror?


26!


Oh, that's way better!


Did Beacon of Hope get everybody?


Anyway, I want to go check out his room.


Yes! 33, plus the necrotic damage.


Preparation H? Fire damage to the anus.


Two-Face!


I have average strength.


I'm going to head in the direction, dragging my goblin friend with me, to that fancy bathhouse that was described to me last night at the Nestled Nook.


Click 'em hard!


Getting some Baldur's Gate vibes here, man.


If you're deserted on an island, to kill yourself with?


Thanks, Keyleth.


Scanlan, back me up. If you were to turn into some sort of three-horned beast and go running into a house full of enemies, we would give him a similar talking-to, correct?


Do you have Knock or something?


I want to touch everything in here.


When you talked to the trees around you, did it seem like they were actually alive, or was it all dead forest that we've been traveling through?


Can I move? I'm going to go for this guy.


Such a death wish.


We have done a lot of damage to this thing.


Neal the eel.


Up there, in bush land, are you going to be able to do anything?


17 feet! 17 whole feet of mirrors!


Is this Umbrasyl? Does he refer himself as Umbrasyl?


I do. Oh-- yes. So the third stab will go back at the wyvern.


Your social security number.


I'm like an acrobatic cheetah. 23.


We got a little spoiled. I got a little spoiled early, though.


I had the Spider Climb boots.


Fuck those Wizards of the Coast, man! I do what I wanna do.


Come on, you motherfucker.


Oh, he's fucking scrying on us.


Madame Mannequin Ba-Deece.


Eight hours, right?


How'd that fire happen, though?


No modifier. That's the modifier.


Oh, wait.


(nervously) Haha.


So we're going to take that shady underground river out.


Aren't they going to attack this skeleton one that's right here next to both of us?


We haven't yet.


Vex, Tary, I feel like you guys are good talkers.


How far are they from us?


We're not.


On the carpet.


Okay. Hold on. 17?


Can I use second wind? It says I can take it as a bonus action, but I don't know how bonus actions work.


No worries. I got a one, but I'll use luck.


You spent way too much money on it because I changed the tag?


40 feet in advance, Vax walks ahead of the group, hating himself. Here we go.


I can still move a little bit more, right? Because that was only--


(shouting) Food fight!


I feel like it might go out the back exit instead of the front.


Of course I do, yes.


Better. Yeah, and they do.


(singing) Gern, baby, Gern! Candle inferno! Gern, baby, Gern! Burn that mother down!


Okay. That is a 25.


I'm a squirrel and a bird! You should be a rhinoceros.


I think it is. She didn't run away. And after the fact she stayed here and looked after you!


I don't know, don't you move in the night and do things?


It's a little macabre and I would have bought things, but we're out of money.


So you can hop up. Oh, that's true. That was our lineup.


He'll take all of it. So I have advantage on these and advantage on attacks.


What has happened?


Right. Does he have a firm handshake?


Yeah, we'll do it anyway.


Jenga! (laughter)


Oh sure, sure. Grog?


I don't know. You taught me magic. What are mine? What are my spells?


If you always lie and bullshit, how are we ever going to believe you?


Doty, I will say, (gasping for breath) Doty, save me... Save me! Hit the big guy!


Bigby Gloves?


Yeah, we had the very first episode of The Wednesday Club this week.


Okay, so our game is to intimidate him into having him give you one of the wishes back.


He's disturbed.


That's 18, 19, 20, 27 to hit.


I know. But she's a big fucking bird, I mean--


So this Wall of Force visually is floor to ceiling?


Frankincense?


Ugh. Ten.


Back away from it. What if a tentacle comes out of it or something?


I can use my bonus action to move again? Or no, I can't.


Aw, that's not the good one. 11. Do I get advantage because Pike is helping?


I would like to come over and start listening to the chanting that she's doing in Celestial and harmonize and bring a voice to it since I can actually speak Celestial.


I jump up immediately. I've bitten off all my fingernails.


You should trust me because I pay you.


Cauterized all of the head wounds.


Well shit, all right.


So I will shake it off, I will inspire Keyleth and say, (singing) I only want to see you slicing up that purple worm!


You get one fey creature--


As we've previously announced, D&D Beyond is contributing $100 to 826LA for every natural one we roll, and that's a lot! Also, as part of the 826LA charity initiative, now that we're way past our $10,000 tier, D&D Beyond has offered up the discount code "826LA" for 25% off the legendary bundle. The legendary bundle includes all the digital materials available on the D&D Beyond site, so check it out now. A quick history lesson: I did some research. D&D Beyond actually, even though it's a popular modern website, it started in the 80s when D&D started to get popular. It didn't catch on because there was no internet, but they still had the website. They did an ad push for it and I found a script from their earliest ad that they put out. It's a little dated. It's a 1980s ad for D&D Beyond, and me and my friends here are going to act it out for you.


Yes, I was a shark.


For a little arcane booty call?


Searching, keeping an eye out for any other people as well.


So what does that mean? Advantage.


That is terrible.


Yup, that's a thing, okay.


And I'm in the boat?


And the third attack is a 26.


Crazy.


Zip.


Let's fucking rest!


It's good for you! Drink!


You got to do a proper paddy entry into the water. (splash)


I don't know. I would like to get a better look. Are there markings on the walls? Is there any scripting?


(chanting) Nott, Nott, Nott, Nott!


Is that a natural 20 against you? (counting) Oh. Can I see from my vantage or can I not?


GeoNerd79. "I love you guys. So many emotions."


Wild and crazy guys!


How long are we going to hold these disguises?


Prayers are answered.


But he's a magic cat. How can you be allergic to magic cats?


Yeah, you know what? I didn't go inside. I'm outside.


You know, there are actually chapters by--


Usually when you agree to something you have to say it out loud. Most of the time. Unless it's, like-- We just agreed to it! You said it, you said it!


I'll have to go get her.


You're going to need to give me quite a bit of black powder for that. And more questions.


Can I start to wander away towards the Allhammer?


Wait. He's grappled?


Are they unsullied?


GoFiBePo.


Player's Handbook says a lot of things, doesn't it?


Your identity!


Can I apply my Luck feat to her?


She's behind me, isn't she?


What if it can reach you that far in?


Check for fucking traps before we go in there.


Whatever he says.


They're puppies, right?


Different characters. We weren't our regular characters, but equally fun, I thought.


White.


Void that eats the light. Can I walk into the center of the circle?


It's an hour-long spell. I can still hold another one and do a different one, and hold the other spell.


(French accent) Wait! Would you like to come inside with me and see them for yourself?


I'd like to make a counteroffer?


You were waiting the whole time to use that, weren't you? The whole conversation.


We'll move the nightstand over a little to cover it up. No one will see.


I want to take a look at some of these cages with the urns.


The first one didn't hit, so you only get the 20.


They have all kinds of wood. It's really freaking cool.


What horror have you brought upon us?!


So he might save right now.


It's very sad. We abandoned Emon.


Let's go get drunk and go to sleep then.


I'm gonna get behind that boulder and hide, if possible.


Our business might be headed out that way a little later today. Does she have any weapons on her that are visible?


She's not even waiting for it.


He did, he really did.


Let me see your teeth. Okay. You look all right.


The C is some sort of natural wooden crest of some kind.


No, no. But there's two cells? Or has he opened the cell that he's in?


There's spiderwebs, there's stones, there's fire, there's water--


That mage is right on the nip.


Captain, I hope you understand that this is not my first rodeo. If I were to tell you everything that I know right now, why would you need me alive?


None of you know this.


I, as the tiefling, walk out of the tavern, just very intent on my direction. As I walk out of the building, I take a left, hang down an alleyway, check over my shoulder, make sure no one's watching and then (fwoof) into a succubus and take off.


I just slow-mo go--


Yeah  dying.


And if we're going to decide to trust him, we could also show him the ring and see what he makes of it.


Fjord’s going to cast Hex!


A really quiet Thunderwave.


That's where it was. Robin?


Good on you, shall we go to meet the emperor?


That graveyard does not--


I hate to do away with a great name, but you work with what you have.


I was going to use the workshop that's in the house.


I am not.


Just a few minutes, I think.


Yeah. I give her Whisper.


Oh man! I'm too tired. I'm going to mess up my plan! This is so bad.


Both hit. First one. 13 damage.


What is this? There's a secret, hidden puzzle thing. The pages are blank and it says "follow your instinct". What could it be?


Yes, queen, yes.


Only you can prevent the rise of Vecna. (laughter)


I know. Let's get this done.


Stay out of the cone, get on the backside.


Jeff Lewis. Everyone knows him and loves him from the Guild. Check it out.


I mean, I've never met a hero braver than you.


We've got to get it closer than that.


How many days have passed, since we've been doing this? Two?


I am. Is this plus 11 just to my attacks?


We'll call this a victory for you. You have won this day. Scanlan Shorthalt is your name. We're in Vasselheim.


Here's 280 gold.


Thanks for watching us shop.


And the brazier is complete dark?


Right. The airship, right?


I feel like I should divvy up that gold that I didn't hand out earlier.


Well, let’s just wait until we’re out of danger.


My twitter is AnemoneTea dot-- not even dot com, just AnemoneTea. It's that simple.


Almost?


Okay. Schmidt, go open the scroll case. Come on! I shut the door.


They're very simple, but yes, I have to make a lot of them.


They'll be able to scry on us for sure if we steal it. They see us. The minute we looked into Brimscythe's.


81.


Oh of course, easily understood.


While I have no idea who Marius LePual or Evantica or any of this is, this was supposed to be delivered by the end of this month to the Wayfarer's Cove.


Fuck me. Just come to me, you dick. Ooh, that's a natural 19. 22.


Okay, I'm going to start that process right now.


14 for Groggy Grog.


The bugbear, you said?


Fun.


The place that we're meaning to return to is moving. Could you send us to a moving place?


It is a door. He's a traveler. He travels.


17. I'm concentrating on the mud.


I want to try to shoot where she was.


I'm going to run and hide behind the map. I'm going off the map around there. Yep.


And you weren't expecting it to work, in any way, shape, or form, and you went, "okay."


I can stick to the rooftops, I guess, try to follow along.


We're all bats again.


But with vibrato.


Yes, Yenk! Yes!


Is it too late to roll an insight check to make sure he was telling us the whole story?


We need to keep going.


Do they actually have little cucumbers drawn on them?


Only stupid people do that.


Can this be my bonus, so I'm dropping him out is the bonus, and then I still can attack? I mean, it's only a locket. It's not like it's a whole move.


Fresh blueberry sherbet.


Yeah, wisdom save, and that just means they're scared.


I would have a theory as to what it was.


I wanna use my tremor-sense too to just be aware.


You want to save this thing? I will slice down with my short sword on the baby.


Yeah, it's a direction. It's not a cube around you, it's a-- you have to shoot it.


His name is Bluude.


For your face or for your armor?


No, I don't drink beer.


Oh! The Mist is gone? The Mistake?


Yeah. That's nifty.


I don't think I can.


He was fucking cool.


It's a row of four globules of light. One is hanging above where my miniature is now. One is closer to froggy. One is, like a line over the building, so that there's one also hanging over Beauregard.


I accept it. Thanks, buddy.


So knowledgeable, Percy.


Ah! (laughter)


I've never been in, no.


Should we try the other one?


I'm going to hold my shurikens.


Dinner!


You're going to probably, you know, poof.


(creepy voice) Who wants to talk to the librarian?


So it doesn't stack.


I don't like being unconscious! Okay, keep going.


Molly, you seem like you have a pretty solidified identity for someone who has only had consciousness for two years.


I can probably make a big stink.


Are we making our way out of town?


I roll an extra d6 for the Hex, okay. So the critical first. 1d10 plus four. That's a one.


He and I are wearing fleeting rumors. That one's got one hidden up his butt. (laughter)


Same elbow.


We can't leave her in the cart!


Oh, is it his turn now, next?


Yeah, we've tapped them out there.


I do (mumbles). Okay. So that is... what is that? 22?


So I can see the bottom?


Heal her?


We see him collecting everything, anyway.


I thought it meant if the glyph lifted in the air.


Yeah, everyone's been tweeting at me, asking "where did you get your awesome shirt?" Uh, LOOT CRATE, what.


One hit point of damage?


Nothing. I hit the ground and roll. Stop, drop, and roll, people! Stop, drop, and roll.


Damn it, Scanlan! Just get out of there! What are you doing?


Do we still want to try and get him in the mansion?


With what?! Are there a bunch of gnomes down there?!


Keyleth, tell us what you're thinking, because the rest of us are taking this time to go.


I can go get it if you'd like.


Oh, I feel good!


You're taking it for me?


He's got his own armor.


Oh, you didn't say me.


-- start cutting our way through one specific spot, we could eventually get to a point where you could get some spells in there.


I can mend the shit out of some wheels, though, bitches.


And if we don't like it we can keep thinking of something else. We have time.


Yeah, I thought that was just the bone-dogging look.


19 misses?


Hold on a minute. I'm gonna unlock it. I'm not even gonna open it. I'm just gonna unlock it. So I get between everybody and the book.


Faerie Fire always makes it weird.


Scanlan, shut up.


Do I see any large, intimidating looking creatures just walking around where we are at the moment?


Every different form-- male, female, big, tall, small, whatever-- I'm in love. And I would like to use my regular action to fly in front of Scanlan Shorthalt, five feet in front of him, and splay my wings as wide as they can and flip the double birds to the biggest dick on the fucking planet.


Or would I still be in the room?


If I run up behind it, do I then get advantage because he's flanked?


How do I do this?


Yeah. Give it to Beau.


Third is 23.


Tumbling!


He can't see, so if you look weird, he won't know. Perfect cover.


It's just not that intense of a fight.


I'm from an area where-- we're from the desert. It's like a desert area. We've traveled across a very, very far way. It was a long journey.


How does that work?


Xenomorph blood.


No, no, you hit it.


As well as access to certain parts of the city. We need some items to acquire within the city before we set out.


Is that like a peach pit or something?


(muffled) Don't use that sword. What are you thinking?


I love magic so much.


I’m so shocked! I don’t know! Okay, okay. Oh, man. Can the Flame Strike go through his body and (explosion noise) burst him like a (foof)? (all laugh)


Is Shorthalt around right now? Is this a prank? Is that was this is? Is this a joke?


I'm going to shoot a Scorching Ray at the big guy.


Hello, I'm a little gnome.


Attack and damage, okay. 15 for the first one.


Do we have an approximation of the gold and platinum?


Well, let's see here. He has a challenge rating, doesn't he, this Trinket.


Yes! 24!


It's the only bastion of standing civilization left.


What type of boat is this?


Did you want it out? Here, let me help you out (yells) and put it back in!


I am going to fall down in front of Nostoc.


That's a really-- That's a really good idea, actually.


You think you got it? All right.


Oh, that would be an abrahum. That's a dark, midnight hummingbird.


Jesus fucking ballsacks.


You were sleeping; you were snoring really loud, and it sounded like you were angry snoring.


Looking. Religion. I don't know. 11 plus I don't know.


(caws) That's me saying sorry.


There might be a hole in the floor or something else.


I got a natural 20, so I'm good.


Spring 2017. All right, well, I think that's it, so let's get started. Enjoy the show, everyone! (cheering)


That all depends on how much whiskey. That's fair.


I rolled a two--


Pike, no Pike didn't know he was here.


Even so, there's nothing that she's not going to know, because she is what is luring him out. If we fought him here, she already knows where we are. Right now she knows where we are. She knows everybody that's here.


Yeah, it does sound like fun.


Yeah, okay, so, I use my bonus action to hide. Do I need to roll for that?


And the sun is going down, you said?


You did too, you're pretty cool!


Me. I missed. I rolled a one.


(gasps) Wait a minute, but wouldn't that draw attention to the tavern?


We were supposed to escort her back. I'm sure she has more business with The Gentleman, no?


I do what I always do, I fire my crossbow at the beast, for a 14 to hit?


Yeah, we know how to sail now.


Okay. Seven more points-- yay!


(whimpering) I need to sleep so bad. I'm so tired.


I'll tell you. I think it's wisdom.


Oh, fuck yeah.


That's with the altered self?


Yeah, so, I don't wanna go down there--


What's wrong with them? What should we know?


I was a bit of a shut-in as a child. All I had were books on languages to read and whatnot, and adventures and what have you.


Because I can't see what's going on down there.


Now it's worth more. Keep going.


All things considered, I think it would be best if we left on good terms.


Thank goodness, because he is a blushing flower in the wind.


How fast can he run?


Shove it all in, everybody!


How far are they from Shadycreek? You said two days?


I go  Fuck him up!


Well, yes, we know that, yes.


Does it cancel out the spell or does it still happen and he just doesn't come with?


Okay, then I will do that. I will do that.


Ashley Johnson. Pike is amazing.


I'm more thinking for all of us. I don't know how else we're going to get in.


Why are you shouting? We have earrings.


Oh sorry.


What about the one?


Ten! Ten! Ten!


How about you just say he did, and don't?


The most inconspicuous person.


Yeah, have I ever heard of this boat in all my readings?


Amazing, don't puke in the helmet though, that would be gross. (imitates puking)


Right, or if we get trapped, one of us could lather up and get out. I mean, I don't know what-- we don't really know what we're dealing with yet, but it's just good to know that we have it in our back pocket.


I don't know what to do. Like the size of a fist? It's a sphere, right?


I've got body paint. Ashy body paint.


To the--


Sort of curved to the back-- I could probably sketch it for you.


We're just pushed away?


That's accurate.


I may have some charts that I stole from the other ship, as well.


He was tall. He was fair-skinned. He was strong.


Ha ha! That's right, and it's a 30! (excited cheers)


That wonderful service?


That'd be great, cut him in the butt.


Oh, Jesus, this is terrible, this is terrible.


What are you hiding? I chase after Nott.


I know. And I won't, if you're sure. I put you in this place and I feel terrible about it and I know you're extremely nervous. Trinket can sense it, too. He's very in tune with those emotions. And I just--


Yeah, I'm close.


Thank you. I'm working on something.


I'm curious about your– you.


Well, I have a seat, sorry I didn't think about.


Oh, that-- no. Although, I did think about it. No, this is from home. This is the Cadence family, if I recall? It's very minty.


Beautiful. I'm going to do my claw attacks first.


I'm going to look over at Percy and grab his hand for a second.


Good story.


Yeah, can I give it a better look with my darkvision?


Fuck! So awesome!


Oh, we have to wait, it's like turns.


What's your name?


I saw, what level is everyone, and what is your alignment?


Ravens, yeah. Onward.


I don't wanna fight, I don't wanna fight that guy.


All right, so 4d6--


Eldritch Blast into the darker gnoll. Yes.


We'll get into cover maybe just to be safe.


Grog, if it's any consolation--


Hello! I'm Taryon Darrington. I've been quite pleased to spend some time with your friends for the last year, and it's-- you have wonderful friends. You should honor and cherish them. They are the best people I've ever met in my life, and this is a lovely home you have.


Which island?


Five, six, seven, eight, 12, 18, 21, 25. 25, so you double the dice, is 56 for the first one.


We've got a tea set.


(laughs) Honk.


Do you want to go on the tour?


Can you run 30 feet and then do something?


Did he look menacing-- the guy? Did he just look like--


So the leather is gone?


Have you been to this Shadowfell before?


To the temple of Kord. Big man outside. The Trial Forge with the big doors.


The two of us get back by the other twin door, and get ready to bust into that entrance.


Yeah, that's a hell of a thing.


I'm not talking about getting past the Briarwoods. I'm talking about getting past the guards that guard their castle.


Did you learn how to say 'Leave us alone'?


Are we iteming up first?


Febron Keyes in the Keystone Pub.


Anderson?


Fallout style. Little pods.


You'll go first, Fjord?


Wait, what about us!?


Oh, that's a whole different show.


This is really not good for their business. [LIAM and LAURA groan] (group laughs)


Is Mary-Anne older or younger than you?


And eventually, we're chilling.


I'm throwing a dagger right now.


I am also going to keep to myself and I'm going to talk to the people in town, see what businesses are open or trying to open, see what they need. And I would like to talk to Percy, since I don't know anyone here, about who I could talk to about getting messages to Emon, and I would like to get a message to Gilmore, to see if he can fill any need here. If trade is so ruined here, that Gilmore could be a help. And Gilmore gets another front, a place to do business and actually do good in a place that needs it.


I will Cutting Words that.


Check out her book, Motor Crush!


I'll do it at a level four.


I pass the fuck out.


You can hold your breath, right?


Well, let's try this first because you might just break it down completely.


You're parkour.


Continually. They are our sponsored charity of choice, and of course look up 826, there might be an 826 in your area. And you should go to their storefronts. They make great date locations, as Taliesin always says.


What happens if you Titanstone-- never mind. I'm going to find out.


Promises, promises.


But we're going to get more. I don't know when, but soon, very soon.


I pay attention.


No, no, I know you did. You shot me on the last turn, I remember. Yeah, you got me good! You got me good!


Big room, did I say square?


The entrance?


Plus three from?


Do not put her in the Bag of Holding! Do not. (laughter)


Do you need me to hold your broom while you cast your spell?


Cool. I don't say anything, I'm just really stoked that I actually got him. (everyone laughs)


Yeah, but you ever chugged a bunch of insecticide? That's a bad day.


Can I heat water up in the fireplace?


Before I leave to go back down, Vex?


I'm going to shout, witness Grog Strongjaw, and bend the knee!


Get some butter from the jug.


Sh. Jeez. Just bring it down a notch.


So we start today, yes?


He's got more where that came from though. He's a very inspiring person.


No later than dusk. I would like to get out before news starts to spread. Before they decide to start locking down the holes.


Thank you, that's all I need.


Oh, that's worse. (laughter)


No, that's fair.


All right. This is meant to punish me for everything I've ever done. I'm well aware that this is punishment.


I open the first one just to look into--


Yeah, it's going to be so good.


(sniffs) Ugh. What the fuck?


Five names.


Are we in sync?


Oh, in our brains? I like it.


In front of the table, you dicklord! Yes!


65


Hey, that's way better! Thank you. A 17.


Yeah, he has hit points.


I think that was what it was called.


Yeah, I probably am getting down.


Sadly, there is only one of us who can fly, and very busy right now.


Alone.


A shield that can fight?


You were gone for six days.


Just take off running around the city, man. Boom! Marathon Woman. Go get it.


He is dumb as a post. Why does he know--


Go, Keyleth!


Yeah. We'll check in with-- what was her name?


Come on, kill it!


We have to stop by this fungus place to get some potions.


It was a good dry run for our real heist that we’re going to be doing in a day. So we’re working out the kinks…


Nott, don't. I'm going to hold onto Nott as we jump down.


Pumat, or the rest of the equipment?


And do pop pop, two more punches.


Oh no, we're all dead!


Double check.


(as Grog) Got an itch back there.


Fuck. I go inside to find Erwen.


I start crying again.


That's not surprising.


Or if you're dead?


I come down!


The priority is the letter. Let's start getting that paperwork.


Oh, shit. This is about to get very bad. Oh thank god.


Yeah, no I've had a carrot.


Buddy system.


It moves.


We be clubbing, motherfuckers.


Things came back quick; do you feel like there's still remnants of whoever you once were that have informed who you are now?


Uh, 29.


I would like to take one of their cloaks and have a blue liner put on the inside to make it reversible.


I would probably be about there.


Can I shake it? Any more swishing?


Well, I can. Kima might. I'm not much for poetry, but it seems sort of poetic that Thordak came from the Fire Plane, and the last Vestige we're looking for is in the Fire Plane.


Let me look.


What do you think? I mean, they did make this bed. I'm suggesting to you that maybe it is not your job to save your family's power and allow them to keep going as the way they have. But just to give them enough that even if they-- that they can continue with reasonable means. Maybe not necessarily living the life that they were living before but living far more comfortably.


I can bring you back.


What does the woman look like?


That's attack one. Okay, that's a 21.


The water's still filling?


Who's left on the ceiling with me?


Is that the halved or--?


I'm giving you the other one.


Made me drop my fucking jelly bean.


So I know that we can see if they're coming through?


Hey kiddo, do you want a piggy-back?


Well, I'm flying people overtop, I'm assuming.


I was going to look around. Actually, if you're doing that, I'll look around the outside to see if anybody's watching us.


I think what Beau's implying is perhaps it's better that we're never seen there at all.


That guy knows how to relax.


It's what Earthbreaker did.


How we doing on potions? We got potions?


Permanently better charisma.


Rejection's a bitch.


Why, what do you want?


I've lived a very good life.


Song and Supper Inn.


Are people looking right now?


I can do it two more times. All the way into the cavern.


Wait, are we just going to attack?


May I come in?


I can't wait.


Advantage, you said?


Well, I have it. Let's look at this.


Do you know by whom?


If we can pull this off without burning anything important, then it doesn't matter.


Yeah. One, two, three, four, six. That is eight. What is that, a 12? 15, 16, 18, 19. 20. 20 damage.


Does he gots two eyes or just the one eyes?


(voice breaking) You and me against the world, huh?


If we drink wine tonight, it will only be in remembrance of you. Or to get snookered.


Right? It's such a great view. Over there is the Cobalt Soul.


And an idiot shall lead them.


My first one was an ultimate fail.


But let's not stay here too often. (laughter)


No, we're just going to go spy on them.


Did you say it over the earring?


Tablet of Apple?


Oh, strength.


The worst idea you could ever do.


Yes, drop everything off, create a little nest of what we need.


There you go, Freudian slip.


No, we're at the top of the ravine.


Okay, roll damage.


Grog, he doesn't want you to know this, he told me this the last time you were here, you actually have to do that 33 times before it takes hold, so just keep going.


Disgusting. Get a root, do something with it. It's disgusting.


I kinda fwooshed it off.


How do they look?


Crack of doom. 23.


He had a bit of an itch on his back, that's what it was.


How quickly do they come back?


(laughs) Aw! I'm glad you're back.


Oh, shit!


I recall when you asked for it, it was a very cold day.


It's funny, you go and try to pet her dice they shrink back, they shy away. (squeaking)


You know why I did that.


So it's...


(laughing) Very minty.


Can I insight check the sisters? What are they doing right now?


I found seven gold.


I think a nine is a big six.


We’ll find out.


Oh! Oh bother! Shoo! I go get him!


We could talk about Iron Chef.


I'm not spending 500 gold on a greater healing potion.


Ah, a religious man.


Can he describe the one who did it?


I have all kinds of things.


It's us. Open it up!


I take it and I put it in my bag, and I go: This'll be good for later.


(exaggerated Southern accent) Hexblade's Curse.


Yeah that's not going to cut it, not quite like what we had in mind.


As we're walking to sleep, I grab Scanlan real quick. I grabbed Scanlan real quick once everybody's--


I'm going to-- where's the-- that way.


Oh, are they?


Don't mean to be. It's been a rough-- yes. Thank you. (laughter)


And then 20 again.


What are you doing over there? I walk over and I nudge her thigh and butt with my foot. What are you doing shouting in holes?


This is absolutely the dungeon.


Oh, I want to see the two side-by-side. Yes, there's a Kickstarter up right now called Lost Hope: the Series, that I'm a part of. It's like Battlestar Galactica meets Archer and, yeah. I voice a character named Simmons in there. It's fun. Go check it out.


All right, Doty's going to make two attacks, then.


No, I ran over there. I'm fighting the druid!


I feel really powerful and stuff, inside.


Give me my d8s back. (all laugh)


19 investigation.


You ever fought a giant water genie?


No horse prints.


Dammit. Okay.


I want to show you something.


Overalls with polka dots and a real big bow tie. And shoes bigger than you should be wearing!


Oh, if nobody hits, got it.


Does it have to be single file with this?


Plus, it's kind of cool that you killed something called a gray render to become Lady of the Grey Hunt.


You are my best man, and I appreciate your concern, but these people pose no threat to us.


Will she be welcomed anywhere?


Seems pretty clear.


And move it towards where Utugash is. Tary is in the fire, yeah?


I seek power, dear boy, not silliness. If I wanted silliness, I would talk to a Sun Tree. No one ever should talk to a Sun Tree, they should only listen to a Sun Tree. And so I shall say again, if you would like to peruse my book and perhaps find what you are looking for, what will you give me that would bring power and redemption into my life?


Yeah, that's what I thought. Can I see if your fingers are webbed or anything?


So I'm Tracy, from Zadash!


It's always a line spread out.


Pull a hammie?


He went to the park.


Where the fuck is it?! That's all you hear me say. (laughter)


And I'd love to do a crafting roll right before I go to sleep just to put together a little thing.


You're right. It's stupid.


Should I translate what you just said for our Scottish audience?


Yeah. Who's within 30 feet of me?


And I'm going to bamf there.


I guess it's Keyleth.


Okay. I move closer to it.


I'd been hoping to run a perception check through pretty much this entire conversation, to make sure she's being completely honest about everything.


Are you seeing this? Are you all seeing this?


Do you want to come with me back into the alley for a little bit and watch, in case anyone sees? You could be giving me a good firm scolding, just in case.


I mean, that's funny, but it doesn't sound safe.


Oh, I don't know. Do you guys see Yasha?


Can we see any little creature in the middle of anything?


They're all dead.


Strangely, excited by that plan as I am--


I think you could go far. We'd be happy to help.


Then I'm going to run the fuck out. That's what I'd like to do.


For Larkin?


"I'm the new guy."


You said that. That just came out of your mouth.


It's with an 'e'.


Scanlan! I might need to talk to you, dear.


You could hang out in the temple downstairs.


Scanlan got 29, Taryon got 25, and Doty got a two, but with his boots-- what do his boots do? Shit!


Just me and Grog.


I'm right next to you. We want to do it--


Pike? If you send them on their way, think about JB. That's all I ask.


They want to be gods.


And it's convincing the Slayer's Take to join.


Not dark vision.


She's 50/50 distance between us.


I'll continue on down the hallway.


I'll also say I think it's more than likely that, in the end, I doubt the dragons would care who is filling the sacrificial plate.


That is bullshit.


You need a beer?


How is it 150/120?


I'm so pleased.


We're also two weeks in, and in a year, there will be a library of content that will last forever, or until civilization falls.


I'm going to Quall it up all over top of the gold, see if anything lights up with my Wi-Fi detector. Since that's what I feel like it is.


